FRAN- -E AND PBUSSLA. ilia concert in aid of the ^ and wounded French and Germain given on Tuesday evening, in the "Meet"*1*68' Insti tute, vrna not so well pa^onliod as wt should have imagined it would have been. m!'6 t*ress circle was well filled, ind BO were the 8talis, but there were not <yer twenty persons in the shilling places; jevertheless a goodly sum will probably be liised, as we were informed a number of ticlcts bad been purchased which were not ns-d; besides which, the Kev Mr Goodman,who origin ated the concert, stated his willingness to receive any subscription! on behalf of the cause. This gentlemai read three selections from " Christmas Cirols" in his u?ual style, and at the contusion of the third reading said "The spirit that led old Ebenezer Scroop through these Christmas scenes may be allowed n.t this period of the year to take ns through scenes appeal 1Do yet more strongly to our human sym pathy, He can take ns to scenes of strife Ho can take us, if need be, to Paris or Berlin, where armed batallions march through the streets amid "the plaudits of thousands, in all the pride, pomp, and circumstance of glorious war. SpleniJ-^ uniforms, glittering ornaments, noting plumes, colours flying-, martial musk swell ing in the breeze make every wart beat, high, and as the pride of a nati'U's chivaliy is sent forth to try a nation*-" strength, the talk of each is of glory au* °f victory. Let" the Spirit take us to ar-»ther spectacle Where the drumbeatat dead of night, CommanHiu£rA"rcs of death to light The darJwess of the scenery. By toi^11 and irumpet fa^t arrayed, . horseman drew his battle blade, " - * ^ind furious every charger neighed \- To join the dreadful rtvelry. Then shock the hills with thunder riven ; Then rushed the steed to battle driven; , And louder than the bolts of heaven; Far fiasfaed the.red artillery. . 'Tis morn, but scarce yon Ievlil sun ' ' ~ " ?' Can pierce the war clouds'rolling don. Where furious Frank and fiery Hnn Shout in their sulphurous canopy. Bnt Campbell's lines tell of tho les* repul sive side ef war-of deeds of bravery; of the stern excitement of battle's magnifi cently stern array.. There is another side. We may be led' to Gravelotte; to those carnage fields that surround the city of Metz, where every turf beneath the feet "becomes a soldier's sepulchre." The wounded and the slain are not counted by hundreds, nor even by thousands. Never since mail invented engines of destruction have such death-harvests been reaped. But we cannot take into the mind this wholesale misery. Beyond a certain point the imagination refuses to grasp this mul tiplied sorrow and suffering. Let the mysterious attendant take yon to a particu lar spot in one of these blood-stained fields. There Eee the helpless form of a Bavarian Boldier whose leg haa been shattered by a rifle bullet. He came into action sfter long-fasting, and out of the ditch in which he fpll wounded he has not had strength to crawl. .Night has closed in upon his sufferings, and whilst raging thirst and fever have preyed upon his frame,' and no hand has been stretched out to help him," he has awaited returning light. The dawn has come, and again the night, and amid the thousands of wounded be has lain there four days without food, without water, without surgical help. Think of those four days and nights of horror and' of agony. Or let the Ghost lead you to one of the numerous field hos pitals-perhaps a stable, which has for the nonce been applied to this melancholy use. No beds are to be found there, but the straw which served for the horses' litter is that on wliieh lies this assemblage of suffer ing humanity. There, amid an indescriba ble atmosphere, which no disinfectant of modern chemistry can purify; Christian hearted women, with the red cross upon the sleeve, ply their benevolent bnt ghastly task, where with wounds of every kind the mutilated frame of man still holds the imprisoned soul nnder circumstances altnost beyond belief. What .must be the suffer ings of il'llahon, the hero of Magenta, who in that death eouldron which the town of Sedan became when enclosed in a circle of German fire, was early in the day struck b,y the fragments of a shell, that carried away "a portion of the thigh. On his bed of suffering this distinguished warrior would have attendance night and day, and the English surgical skill at his command, pure air and all the restoratives that science can suggest But what "of "the "ten thousands of the rank and file of the wounded ? What would be the fate of the youth drawn by con scription from many a peasant home? Never (lid so many sufferers accumulate in so short a time. Modern warfare multiplies its destructive energy in a manner that baffles all aid of surgeon or of nurse. Bir mingham has been ransacked for, rifles, Sheffield has sent itB last tourniquet to the ambulances of France, and who oan esti mate the sorrow that encircles each case of suffering. See that French officer stretched upon the field of Weissenbonrg; a note written by the tiny hand of childhood is found upon him stained with his life blood -" Come home soon, dear Papa, and com fort Mamma. I shed daily tears for thee." It was signed La Trenann£e. These are the scenes which arouse our sympathies and call forth our tears. Ought they not to do more? Let every one that is eager to read war news and revel in war scenes, think of the distress that appeals, and not in vain, to every nation of Europe, to the cities of America, to the dependencies of the British Empire. ' Let him think of the "distress,"but let him not be satisfied till he has made some sacrifice in order to re lieve it." The musical performance commeneed with Nicolai's brilliant overture to the "Merry Wives of Windsor," arranged as a dnet for the piano with string accompaniments. The melody in this composition is so beautiful and so skil fully worked ont that we should like to hear mora of the author's music* Pressure on our space compels us to limit our notice, but we must give high praise to all the performers. Mrs Longden played magni ficently, and her pupils do her ample justice; there is in all the same clear, brilliant touch, the " clean" style of playing which all artists so mnch admire.- Miss Holland never sang better, and the audience thoroughly appreciated her. efforts. Mr Levien's fine voice was heard to great advantage. For his first song he received a hearty encore, and the perfections and accomplishments, with the courtship and mirriuge, of the beautiful Mis3 Crop, quite deligbed the audience. Mr Kiddle acquitted, .himself satisfactorily in the' music allotted to him. Mr Thomas performed bis solo in an artistic manner, and. tho . accompaniment by Airs Longden wis pefect. The duet on two pianos, from V.Belisario," was most spiritedly played, and- tested the powers of the players tho roughly - as to time,' &c.; Hoffmeister's quaint -trio w^s-* a- pleasant contrast to' the other "compositions. The vio lin ' solo Aria, composed by Da Beriot and Wolfe was exquisitely rendered by that accomplished musician Mr Csrl Fischer, whose easy graceful style of playing was much admired, as was also Mrs Long den's accompaniment. We cannot conclude without complimenting the performers on the manner in which . they played the overture to " Figaro." which is one of those sparkling productions which, apparently so unstudied, are, despite tUeir extreme simplicity, so brilliant and effective, and which offer so striking a contrast to the massive and almost redundant instru« mentation of modern writers. In future, at entertainments of this character, no encores should be allowed, as through them on Tuesday evening many had to leave before the programme was finished. 