INFALLIBLE NONSENSE. When Bishops and Popes conspire together to declare either their co'lected assembly infallible, or to declare the one who occupies the throne, infallible, oue woii'd expect that in all their doings and sayings, some of the signs of in fallibility would appear. For example, if a man has genius, common sense, learning, wisdom or folly, there will be limeB when, especially, ,his peculiarities will be quite apparent. Tho same may be said also of public bodies. In illus tration, we might refer to our Legisla tive Assembly. It is quite clear that its claim to " Collective wisdom" ought to be allowed ;|for, just as when now the Matrimonial Causes Bill is beingjdiscuss- ed, we see that the collected wisdom exhib ited in the discussion is truly marvellous. Similarly, we might refer to tho Sydney Morning Herald, as an illustration of our argument, that, whatever is the inherent character of a man, it will be surely exhibited, Booner or later; for, as notoriously the Herald is the " leading paper " in unprincipled trimming, so its "trimming leading " is abundantly obrioua in ' tbe course of any week's leadersT " It is' natural" that' this' should be ; for who can help, even by cunning| watchfulness: and hypoerisy, revealing; at some time or other what is really in! him. .:: !! ! It' is on this ground; then, that we should expect to find iir; the sayings and doings of .those. ' who claim and assume tA be infallible, some certain signs of infallibility. The theory of some Romanists is, that: a council is infallible with .a Pope at their head. Well, if this theory is to be: ac cepted as true, ought we not to expect that, when such a council is met, there will, in their sayings and doings,: be some palpable proofs of their infallibility? The theory which is now being favoured is, that the Pope himself is infallible as Pope. Well, if this be the true theory, is it not reasonable to suppose that, on such a great occasion as when he . is seated on the throne, in the Halls of tl Vatican, with 800 bishops ranged before him, his sayings and doings will all; give signs of that exalted character and power to which lie lays claim ? For exam ple, if he is infallible, would he ever submit to the Council schemata which would require to be modified ? Would he ever propose anything which, at the discus sion; would, be partially withdrawn? If he is infallible, would he ever listen to Holy Bishops uttering false and erroneous statements, in opposition to him, without infallibly shewing the error ? If he is infallible, would he'ever require so many committees to prepare measures before permitting them to be announced to his Council of Holy Bishops.'' It he is lntaluble, would ne need to insist again and again upon secrecy in all the members of the Coun cil, and forbid them meeting, in friendly conversation, in each others rooms ? Still more, if he were infallible would he need soldiers to keep the doors of his august temple safe lest Borne sneaking spy should get within to hear the matters submitted to the fathers ? Plainly, all theBe precautions, plannings, and discus sions argue the conscious want of in fallibility in tho Pope himself; and equally decisive are they of a total want of infallibility in the assembled Council of cardinals and bishops. But we wish to point to something more palpable in proof of the lack of infallibility in both PorE and Council. Its value lies in its being quite inci dental. When the Council met a sermon was preached. After all the absurdities of carrying in the Pope in state, of kneel ing before him, of kissing his toe, and of celebrating the mass of the Holy Ghost, a sermon was preached. The chosen orator was a high dignitary. Of course, he possessed the full confidence of the Pope, and, doubtless, he was judged most fit for tho duty of preach ing for the instruction and edification of the assembled Fathers. The Freeman of Sydney gave us last week a report of the sermon. Well, then, in this pub lished sermon we ought surely to have hints and buddings of infallibility. The preacher was the chosen of a Pope. He preached in view and hearing of the Pope. He preached before 800 bishops and cardinals. Ho preached on an oc casion Buch as is not likely to occur again within three centuries, if ever again. Everything, therefore, made it a great occasion, and, surely, if infalli bility was at all, even in scattered frag ments, in that meeting and illustrious audience, it is reasonable to expect some scintillations in tho opening sermon. But what do we find ? We are certain that a more weak, vapid, and unapos- tolic sermon never was preached. It is full enough- of praises of the Pope, praises of the church, praises of the Vatican, and praises of the wisdom and power of the Holy See ; hut, judged of as a sermon, not only is it wholly desti tute of every Bhadow or shade or stray fragment of infallibility, but its proofs arc decisive that both tho speaker and the hearers were even more ignorant and fallible than Ordinary men. For example, the preacher chose for his text 126th Psalm 6th verse : " He that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed, shall doubless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him." Well, after some few common places, the preacher proceeded 'to apply these words, as the words of David, .to the as sembled Council. 0n more than one occasion throughout the sermon, the text is spoken of as the icoyds of David ! Now, everybody kuowB, who reads and understands his bible, that they aie not the words of David at alll .They were-written --hundreds - of years after .DayuM They were written after the time of the Babylonian captivity, at least 500,. years after David's reign! Yet the .:Popish orator spoke several times of the. words being David's. It was no slip of the tongue. It was the poor erring infallible's opinion and con viction that the words were David's; and what had put this thought in his .head? ..Why, because he found the verso in the book of Psalms , which is usually called the " Psalms of David !" Alas ! not knowing his bible very well ; not redding the beginning of the Psalm. where the date of it is plainly grven ; probably not taking his text from he. bible 'i.tfril, but culling it from his " Breviary " which is far better known to him than the sacred book, he demon strated before the Pope, and the Council, and before the whole world, in his gross anachronism, that he and his hearers' are far more . falliblq than ordinary men ! And, from all that appears, the Pope and the Bishops, and Cardinals woro'as blissfully ignorant as the preacher him self— -one aud all of them were delighted with the words of David which David never spoke." This is one little point which is quite sufficient to expose the infallible nonsense of the infallible Council. There is another The preacher waxing warm with his subject, and becoming eloquent in his praises of tho devotion of the Holy See, proceeded to speak of the " weeping and the tears." It was most pathetic. The Church's tears were elaborately aescrioea as tne aew wntcn, arops aouna - antly on the ground ! We have no desire to be hypocritical, and, in ordi nary cases, sucli metaphor as this would only provoke a good-natured smile. But this great occasion calls for more. We are looking |for hints and scintillations of infallibility. We are looking for those sparks in the preaching of one who claims to be distinctively a " successor of the apostles," and whose special privilege it is to interpret and ex pound Holy Scripture ; and, therefore, we have a right to expect aud demand that no absurd anachronisms shall be mode in applying Scripture, nor yet errors made in diminishing the force o f Scripture figure. What then do we find ? Why, weak puerility. The reason is ludicrous, the exposition con temptible, and the metaphor a deliber ate enfeebling of Scripture. " Tears " dropping like dew ! The church shed- ding tears like dew ! And those dew- tears being the proof of the church's strugglings and griefs, that the shelves of victory might be gathered in ! Pro bably so ; but such miserable interpreta tion and application of Scripture, by one who claims to have the key of Scripture, will say little to all rational and think ing men in favour of infallibility. If any can be said to bo infallible nonsense, thiB is it. There is still another thing, which re duces the whole sermon to infallible nonsense. When the preacher had spoken of all the blessings which he ex pected to result from the assembled Council, and had pointed to the sheaves, which the church's "tears" dropping like dew were destined to produce, he concluded with the blasphemous asser tion or prayer that through tho " inter cession of Mary, ever Virgin, whose .conception had been born," the council would triumph ! Now, if there is one doctrine clearer than another in all Scripture, it is that which defines that Jesus is the only in tercessor between God and the man, and the only channel of blessing to the church. There im not in all Scripture the remotest hint that Mary is an inter cessor. There is not the remotest hint in Scripture that Mart is to bo prayed to, that she may intercede with Christ, and Christ then intercede , with God. There is not in Scripture the remotest hint that Mary can help in any way whatever, or that she can hear the prayers and wishes of those who trust in ner. Nay, in the fact that Scripture exclusively points to CirRrsT as the Help, and directs the needy to go to Christ, and promises blessing only through Christ, there is a distinct denial of the Romish doctrine that Mary is ;the " ad vocate and refuge of sinnors." But this Romish orator affirms the contrary. Not only does he look to Mary as the," ad vocate and rofuge of sinner," but he trusts in Mary as the refuge and help of the church. All .blessing: for the church he asks through her ! All "hies sing for the world he hopes for throughj ,iier 1 The Council is to triumph throughj j her intercession ! This is' the ApoBtolfcj preaching of a Bishop of Rome ! Thisj IB the interpretation of Scripture of one: who is exclusively authorised to- do; so. j "This is the demonstration1 ofRoman in-| fallibility. This is the ' sum : and ; per fection of " infallible nonsense ! " ; ' 