SPORTS AT THE SEMAPHORE. THE KETCH RACE. If anything was lacking to show beyond dispute that there are still some nautical spirits amongst -us it would have been supplied by the enthusiasm created by the Ketch Race on Wednesday, Eteoember 28. This event, be it known, lias been the theme of general conversation at the Port for weeks past. Hie ketches are of foreign extraction, imported by spirited men— Tasmaniaas—to 611 & want long felt of a trading craft suitable to a shallow harbour. The number Las befin augmented at various times until it has reached half a dozen, and the master of each newoamer has been prepared to swear by his •vessel as superior to all its predecessors. This unsatisfactory kind of rivalry lasted for a long time, and much beer was employed to onforoe the arguments pro ana "con.; but it was not until within a few months that any attempt to organize something like a regular display «f saiKag capabilities was made. When once the thing had been decided -on a Secretary was appointed, and the day for the trial fixed. Not the river, where 6hoals and banks would have rendered success more a matter of than capacity and skill; but the Semaphore anchorage was appointed as the scene of tfce great contest It has proved a great soaroe of amusement to notiee the emulation exalted by the race. The anxiety to make *goodshw fiwfoeen particularly Jjeneficia] to tradesmen, for the supply of new sails have not been limited or gear stinted. Some backers were bounceable and positive; but it is a significant fact that the winner had rendered himself noticeable by his reticence. The whole of the competing vessels are fine, well-built craft of from 40 to 50 tops, with immense beam compared with their length. Although fiat in the floor, they are griped to windward by means of a powerful centreboard. The spars they carry are very taunt, and some idea of the 'spread of canvas may be gained when it is said that the one gafftopsail had in it over one hundred yards. No race for years has created, such a sensation, and the absence of restriction as to numbers carried was taken full advantage of. In some of the craftj there were plenty of the upper crust of Port society, who had of course chosen the favourite. The jolly old Harbour-- Master distinguished himself by taking charge " of another, and it is a positive novelty to say of him that he was not in with the winner. His defeat was all the more vexatious because his craft, the Adonis, had had a new suit of sails,, and altogether looked like a clipper amongst the fleet. In other of the competitors might be observed agents and owners, schoolmasters-and publicans, with a sprinkling of clerks and captains, all ready to take a pull at halyards or sheets, or in case of emergency a good pull at the creature comforts, which were apparently, provided without stint. Doubtless there have been races between . Cambria and Sappho, Black Maria and America, and other notable yachts of the old world, which in a way have attracted attention; but this same race between the Port Adelaide ketches was an affair in which every man, woman, and child in and about the Port seemed to have some statce. Scarcely'had day appeared on Wednesday morning before some vehicles' were seen heading for the beach. It was not a charming morning, for before the sun rose a bank of lurid clouds away over the hills gave promise of a scorcher, and the wind from about N.E. came down in fitful. puffs, bringing _ unpleasant clouds of dust. Even these disagreeables served not to prevent crowds of people seeking, the beach. Shortly after 6 o'clock the amusement commenced; for then one or two, having anchored on a short scope, drove, and were compelled to make sail to .beat up again to position, i As' the day wore on the jetty became crowded, the booths on the beach hoisted flags, and attention began to centre in the half a dozen competitors who were at anchor off the jetty. Soon that tormentor to all river sailers (the Swallow) appeared as saucy and presumptive as ever. On board her might easily be noted one of the Very few true yachtsman that the colony can boast of who has laid himself out for the noble sport of yachting, and pays attention to it when his forensic pursuits permit. The course was a distance of abont 20 miles, described by a line from the jetty to the Lighthouse, thence to a seaward buoy west from the Woiiga Bank, then to a-buoy south.of the T-head, and returning to the pier, but to commence \- a second round, of precisely the same description to win at the jetty end. Very properly, there were but few restrictions, the craft to start from their own anchors, and passing buoys on the port hand. . Shortly before the time appointed the Sailor Prince was found to have sprung a leak, and, it was feared, would relinquish the course., lake all British sailors, however, field was not to be. easily beatezi, and finding his. craft only leaked on the starboard tack hie slung one of his hands id a bowline and caulked the seam'most cleverly in titne to take up position. It was a . matter of temporary annoyance that the mark buoys were not earlier placed; but' this difficulty was easily, got over, and at ll o'clock.the ketches-were, ranged into position with springs on cables as follows:— 1\. Dashing Wave, sailed by Korf. 2\. Adonis, sailed by Quin.. .. 3\. Grest ;of the Wave, sailed by Mortess. 4\. Prima Donna, sailed by Simmonds. 5\. Sailor Prince, sailed by Reid. 6\. Fleetwing', sealed by RusselL Each carried Marryat's numeral as a distinguishing flag, and it was arranged maiijsails, mizens,;and staysails were, to be set jfair before making the signal "AU ready." The tout ensemble was extremely fine as the precious old " Junk" crossed the sterns to see that all was right. The signal-flag was lowered, and in one moment the whole fleet canted on the starboard tack, effecting a splendid start The Fleetwing took the weather gauge, setting maingafftop- ; sail to about as much north-easter as she could stand up to. The Crest of the Wave also set the maingafftopsail, and stepped out well towards the bar closehauled on a reach. The Prima Donna had scarcely set her mainsail when the throat halyards carried away, and the'whole concern came down by the run, giving all others a good chance. Then a little -gust of wind made' an " Irish reef" in the Dashing Wave's mainsail, and she was under the necessity of tying up a • reef at ' a very early stage of progress. At.tins.time the whole fleet was scarcely. heading for the bar buoy when the Adonis set a good example and tacked inshore, so as to work up in smooth water. The others followed' suit, and as soon as Prima Donna had repaired damages she looked as if royal-yard jack meant to work up to a position. But there was the Crest of the Wave and. the Fleetwing, the Adonis and another on the weather reach.' The fleetwing stood up to her canvas remarkably well, but the Crest seemed' to have most power. ! Of course the loss of mainsail by reefing almost shutout Dashing Wave, but she very pluekfly continued in the wake till "the second *ound, when her hopes vanished, and she, like. P. D., left the contest to the others, Simmonsid's course of proceeding was .scarcely in keeping with his known character, and was the more 'unaccountable because on a previous occasion the Prima quietly headreachea and Weathered on the Crest as she chose.. 'Now came the tug of war as the Fleetwing cleverly made a short boardand rounded the bar buoy at 12.15, followed at a bare minute's, interval by Crest of the Wave, with Prima Donna ten minutes astern, and Adonis to follow. As soon as it became a run staysail-halyards were let go, and squaresails substituted, while the mizengafftopsails were very smartly set. With the wind aft Fleetwing and Crest kept equi-distant to;the mid-buoy, and there was. not the least perceptible change of position. The /Sailor Pr|nce was rather crippled/by the loss of the bowsprit, and Adonis lost heart as the two leaders increased the interval. After passing the second buoy the, course was about south-east, consequently it brought the wind mora abeam, and instantly the Crest overhauled the Fleetwing. For a few moments the former's alterationui speed was scarcely noticeable; but she gradually drew on her .ival until the bowsprit coveredthe taffrail, then headed a little further, when Fleetwing took in her mizengafftopsail and spurted again, as she was freed from' an overpress of sail. It lasted but a short time, for the Crest finally took position in the van. There was also a vezy close contest between the Adonis and Sailor Prince. The latter headreached at times on • the Harbour-Master, and ultimately took the lead. But while very amusing to note the second part of the fray, the contest between the leaders was of most importance. At 10 minutes past 1 the Crest made a short tack inshore, and completed the first round at 1.10 ; and so well had ehe behaved in working to windward that four minutes elapsed before the Fleetwing rounded, and filled away on the starboard tack for the second race to the lighthouse. It was good fun to observe the struggles of third, fourth, fifth, and sixth boats. Like ,Mr. Micawber, they waited for something to turn up, but not a mast would cany away or a shroud part, to allow tliem.the ghost of a chance, and thenceforward the whole affair lay in a nutshell as far as competition went, for Crest, having secured the lead, kept it most beautifully, and finally came in at 2.29, allowing Fleetwing to follow eight minutes after. During the race there was just as much wind as whole sails could be set" to, and at times it was necessary to shake up a little in the squalls. Some managed .to cany the topsails till a late point of the race, when the breeze increased, and brought along clouds of sand and dust, which entirely destroyed the enjoyment of the spectators, who, as soon as the event was over, sped towards the Port , The whole affair was highly successful, though "the most knowing old salt in the Port _ would never have backed the Crest to win, although the tact of the master was something in her favour. It was not a brilliant exhibition to poke the bow- sprit through the mizen of somebody else just to finish the day's work, but the little contretemps was unavoidable, and the day passed away without aught further to mar the success of the ketch race. 