UNDER THE SXPELL. X PIaEDOCIOCI WILLIAM IROBINSON. OHAXTER V. Mc. LA.OEFOSOD of Dorset was of a procras tinatory disposition. "To-morrow and to morrow" should have been the motto under the rampant tiger and mace which shone out on his carriage panels and were stamped on the buttons of every servant at the Limes. After a struggle with his ease, he had re solved on a private tutor to the eldest chil dren of his house, for he was a proud man in his heart and desired his sons to be a credit to the name he had bestowed upon them. For the Lancefords had always been gentlemen, looked up to in the county. The father of the present possessor of the Limes had sat in the House for thirty years, and only love of his ease, and perhaps a fear of more things transpiring at his election than was pleasant to his reputation-for the unwashed find out all your little peccadilloes if they be opposed to your success--kept Mr. Lanceford from following in his sire's foot stops. He had thought more than once of soliciting the vote and interest of any inde pendent body of electors --not in his own county, of course, but in a little rotten borough, somewhere where votes were scarce and voters needy. That had been his father's principle, and his father had been a shrewd man to the last day of his life. Not that Mr. Lanceford had any great reason to fear the result of a contest nearer home, for he was a man of many friends in the county, and bore with them the reputation of being an injured and blighted being-married to a lady of certain virtues, but uncertain temper, and with whom it had been found impossible to live. There might have been some people in exist once to give another version to the story, had Mr. Lanceford courted public attention; and though his friends would have sot it all down to evil speaking, lying, and slandering, yet Mr. Lanceford hated excitement and the fatigue of explanation, and was contented enough in his present position-why ruin his health by keeping late hours, for the sake of M.P. to a name that shone brightly without it ' So Mr. Lanceford thought he would leave the bone of MBP. to be fought for by his sons. He had a hope that Edmund and Nathan, both of whom would inherit a fair fortune from their mother, were destined to shine in the House, and add honour to the old family name; and as for Willie--ah l he had great hopes of that boy. Therefore his children must grow up gen tlemen; and as the schools at which his eldest sons had been educated were turning one out like a savage and the other like a simpleton, it was timeto place them in more carefulhands. Mr. Lanceford had thought so when Willie came home for his hdlidays, as stated in a previous chapter; he had mentioned his intentions when accompany ing his children to London, and had oven made one effort to procure a tutor by adver tisement, which had brought three hundred and twenty-seven answers just as he was thinking of Paris for one thing, and how the boys harassed him for another. Well, the boys were very young; a year would do no harm. Edmund was very un ruly at home, and he couldn't lose time finding out the beet tutor for his sons. Sc Edmund went to Eton for a change, Nathan back to his own school, and three hundred and twenty-seven hungry souls waited foe postmen's knocks in vain. The year passed before Mr. Lanceford made up his mind again-fully made up hi, mind this time, and summoned without nd vertisement and from an unknown quarter, o Mr. Gurnett, who was introduced to hbi sons as a gentleman of extensive learning and one to whom he trusted every respec might be shown. It was not till sei months afterwards, when Willie came home for the midsummer holidays, and was in his fourteenth year, that he saw Mr. Gurnett for the first time. Willie had arrived in Dorsetshire a day be fore he was expected, and thus there lay be fore him the boy's pleasure of taking his friends unawares. He walked the five miles between Dorchester railway station and the Limes with a firm step and a light heart, singing in the first flush of his liberty that "Dklce Donrnem," with which he and his comrades yesterday had made the school walls ring. Willie had shot up some inches seicche rode the Shetland pony to the Limes onewinter's afternoon. His doting mother called him a fine boy; and, though mothers in general are rather out in their estimate, yet, in this case, Mrs. Lsnreford had fair grounds for her opinion. A boy with a flue, manly bearing, with his head thrown back and his chest squared like a thoroughbred, striding on martially to the Limes, the blood of the Lancefords coursing in his veins, end the fire of youth sparkling in a pair of dark eyes that might have power to give fair maids the heartache when his years were older-on hno went earolling, magkig short work with the five miles of ground which rung 'neath the quiok beat of his foot. What though it wore summer- timo'and lazy people wore lounging in the shade, and faetidious people hiding under verandahes ? William Ernest Lnceford had no ohjection to feeling rather warm in his hurry to reach home. He could take his cap off when he was too hot, .and earry it in his hland, or fling it with a laugh at the birds lie never hit, whxen the eubherance of his spirits car ried him away. On 'neath that blue sky and that bright sun, making short cute through corn-fields where the ears wore fill ing, across smooth meadows where his father's kine almost seemed to Irnow hiim, and dipping down into the shady lanes, and snatching at the wild fowers in the hedges, went the graceful figure of youth without a co at its heart. Over th?o last stile with bound ioto the duety road, and across to the elaborately-wrought gates which opened upon the south avenue of limes-there, beneath the shady leafage of the first great tree, standing and holding converse with 3emmy Dornton at the door of the lodge, young Lanoeford met with Mlr. Gurnett. Mr. Gurnett was a man of middle height, with the head of an old man, and the figure of a boy. Not much of an old man, whoen you became used to a face seared and lined like a railway map, and began to notice the quick bright eyes which gave expreseion, and not an unpleasant expression either, to his countenance. Not much of a boy's figure either when it was beside a boy's; but nevertheless thin and waated- posoibly thin and wasting, and continually balking his tailor of a fit, for the.blaclr clothes hung loosely on his frame, and his trousers seemed to have kness all ovo? thbm, ".No, Mr. Dornton, I can't see the force of your argument," he was saying .rather rapidly. "Boys may be boys withoutbreak,. ing their word and treating those set in au. t'hority over them with a contempt cuffingoas o easterly wind." Jemmy took his long clay pipe from. his mouth, and replied "Will you allow me, who bean't no. secholard, to put a pal-let case to you ?" "I fear I am disturbing your. ie5st " said Mr. Gurnett, suppressing a smile that would have made him look ten years, younger. "1 haven't got a sister, Mr. Gurnett, as. you air aware, and my good 'ooman's in the. woods picking up a bit of timber for the'" winter months, so, if you'll allow me to plutf' apal-lal case to you, it won't take up? my time, and may be of service to my argy mont." "By all means-by all means. What is it?" said Mr. Gurnett, anxious to sift. the wheat from Jemmy's circumlooutory chaff. " We ha' all been boys, Mister School. master, and played truant in foine weather, when there bean't anything more tiresome than books, 'xcept it's wopses. When I wor of the age of Master Edmun', just eight een and a arf, and as full of fire as a fire engin, I wor kept tight to my books, and tortured with triggernometteries, and as treologies, and other classics, till I hated 'em like pinon; and one day I ounned away for half an hour or so, into the fresh air, innocent loike, and meaning no contempt' loike a easterly wind, as you poetically ob-. served just now. Well, sir, I wor sitting: under the tree reading Watts' hymns,--. singing 'em I means--when--darn my blood," dashing his pipe suddenly to pieces. on the ground, and bursting into a laugh · that considerably startled Mr. Gurnett, "if here bean't the young Master Willum; here Kitty, here Master Ed--, here Kitty, I mean," he shouted in at the lodge, "here's Master Willum, sure as I be alive I Dear, dear, dear, if this bean't worth seeing now." A pretty girl, with hair and eyes as dark as Wille's, darted from the lodge and.. stood smiling in the drive, spreading out. her little checked apron, and making divers curtseys. " Why, Kitty, do you want to shame me by growing up so fast ?" Willie cried; "upon. my word it's almost rude to kiss you now. But I always did, you know." "She's only fourteen and a arf, and in nocent as heaven," cried Jemmy, with a father's pride; "kiss her, Master Willum, kiss her, my lad, if you've a mind to; and Kitty, drop your best curtsey to Mister Lanceford's son for the compliment. She can make a curtsey, Mr. Gurnett, like a countess! " Willie kissed Kitty as directed, ind Kitty, laughing and blushing to be thus saluted, dropped her best curtoey-.-which, in her confusion, was a very bad one-and ftashed " back to the lodge. "Quite a young woman, Jemmy." "She'll be going to service soon, Master. Willum." "And is her father too proud there,.with his pipe, to shake -Master Willum's hand ?" asked Willie. " God bless him, how he goes on to be sure !" And blushing red as a carrot him self, Jemmy Dornton's hard fingers rung the delicate hand of his young master. "And is this gentleman the Mr. Gurnett who is preparing my brothers for college ?" said Willie, turning round and extending his hand to the tutor. " I am using my best efforts with your brothers, Master Lanceford," said Mr.. Gur nett, shaking hands. . At the moment Kitty reappeared. " If you please, Master William, there's a. letter for you inside; will you. step in a. minute ? " "A· letter for me-salready!" cried. Willie; "that's mamma." He ran into the lodge; and Mr. Gur-. nett, with a good-afternoon to Mr. Lance ford's coachman, went slowly down the avenue towards the mansion. Willie found no letter within the lodge; but saw through. a door beyond, which opened into the soul lery, his brother Edmund, coolly sitting. on the deal table, and teasing Jemmy's. dog with the end of his riding-whip. - Edmund Lanceford had grown with the rest of the world; grown almost from hob hledehoyhood into manhood in the last eighteen months. He was not so tall as.his early youth had promised; but his frame had knit, and lost its angles, and the sturdy but not ungraceful figure was no longer that of alad's. The frank, fair face had lost its boyish expression: there was more depth in the eye--though it was a keen, roguish eye still--and there was a moustache bud ding on the upper lip. "What, Ned," cried Willie, after the first surprise nod the first greeting were over, "giving the task-hooks the slip again ?" "Confound the task-books and the task master!-and paterfamilias, who seat such a taskmaster over me, I was going to say; hut that's undutiful." "I should think so," said Willie, drily. "Where has that creeping old beggar gone ?" "Mr. Gurnett has gone towards the Limes, Ned." "If he would only fall into the lake and' he decently drowned !" cried Ned, with.a laugh that turned the expression to a jest. "Is he so very strict ? He doesn't seem to me a harsh man." "'He's a nuisance,".replied Ned, with emphasis; "he's a preacher and a potterer. He'll stand and explain and expound till your head aches fit to split; and the more you sauce him the more quietly he takes it. He is all very well for sleepy people Nathan to wit; but upon my soul' withra smack on the deal table with his whip, "h?" drives me mad !" "You're a big boy for sohool now, Nod." " 0 ! I'm preparing for college, they tell. me," said Ned, in reply; "and that silly. old.ghost would grind all my senses out of me, if I didn't pitch Homer into the fire place sometimes and make a bolt for it. I could not stand it such a day as this; and I won't stand it much longer at any price.". Jemmy at this moment made his appear ance, with a mournful cast of countenance. "0, Master Edmun', what a heap.'of- darmed lies you've made me tell this after noon !i, "Never mind, Jemmy, you're agood fellow, and will go to heaven all the same?' "Ah I you can laugh ,at rne, Maatge$:?lde5 miun'," said Jemmy; "(but it wora't with . that imperent look you came running here twenty minutes agone; it wor, 'Jeomy, shove me somewhero out of the black devil's way, for I must be off this after noon--hide me somoewlre, there's a good Jemmy!' " "Mlan is ungrateful, and born to deceive, Jemmy." "Right enough there, sir." "And I didn't run away from M?r. Gur nett to spend a summer's afternoon in Jemmy's scullery," said Ned, leaping from the table and putting on his straw hat hastily. "Right enough again, sir." S"Why, you red-faced old reprobate, what are you winking at?" cried Ned, lightly slashing at Jemmy's bow-legs with his Whip. "The sun comes in worry blinding tllrough the winder, that's all, MaIster Edmuon'." b- "Get outw.ith you! " .... "?'Are you off for a ride, Edmund? asked .-1r ?)illie: "·~~c-.!Ys; ;a little way-?bbotsbury way, I think-.I- don't know--I'm not sure," and *Edmund's face flushed a little. "Now, if I only had Frisk handy, I'd "0, you had better make for the Limeo, Willie," raid Edmund, quickly. "Mr. Gurei.L: .i sure to take the news home, and sipoil the surpriss you intended for us. Be sides, I ride fast, and-and- all that,.you knbw." Willie did not appear to know, and might have put further questions to his brotler had not Edmund ended them by running to the door. "I shan't be late, "Willis!" he cried; S'"we'll have a long talk to-night over ohl * times. I say, Jemmy, is the mare there all .r • iight ?" * "It's not for me to say, who knows a-'iothing of your goings on," replied Jemmy, innocently. .' ou're the best of fellows, Jemmy," said Edmund, springing into the sunshine; "good-day, good-day." He darted through the lodge-gates which Kitty was holding open for him, waved his whip in the air, and ran as if for his lifo along the dusty white road. " "What does it all mean, Jemmy ?" "Nothing but what you will know whan you're older, Malster Willum," said Jemmy. "It happens to us all, hansom or ugly, once or twice in life; and it' be all the better, like the measles, when you take it young." "You don't mean to say that Edmund's got a sweetheart on the sly ?" "No; I doan't mean to say so--I never said so! " said Jemmy alarmed;" darn it," \- in a hasty soliloquy, "who'd have thought * that dratted boy had been so sharp f No, Measter Willum, he be too young for that \--nonsense--it's only a cricket-match between * .Abbotsbury and-and Portland-and I just fancy--only fancy, mind, so you needn't * mention it again-that he's got a little bet on it." '"All right, Jemmy," said Willie. "I never tell tales out of school." : Willie was not disposed to linger with the coachman; he was anxious to overtake Mlr. .Gurnett before he ?eaehed the Limes, lest his arrival in Dorset should be formally proclaimed; so, with a hasty adieu to falther a -and daughter--the daughter still at the gates watching dreamily the light air stir the -leas'es of the limes-he dashed along the avenue homewards. Willie Lanceford could see the figure of Mr. Gurnett in the distance, and that was the mark to which he directed his course. Mr. Gurnett must be reached, or he should not be able to enjoy his father and brothers' •suirprise; but Mr. Gurnett had made way, and the youth had to run very fast beneath the shady avenue towards the light at the end-the sunlit window which terminated the shady green nave ·down which he hastened. Willie exchanged the gravel for the grass, at last, and ran along in the sunshine on the outer side of the great trees, swiftly and noiselessly. Still, swift as was the lad's •progress, Mr. Gurnstt would probably have reached the house first, had he not stopped suddenly and fallen into a reflective atti tude. He was still standing with the ivory head of his cane to his lips, when Willie dashed in between the trees again and stood before him. "0 dear!." he panted, "I thought you had beaten me, Mr. Gurnett." ZMr. Garnettleaped in the air and dropped his stick. "God bless me !" he cried, stooping and "picking up his stick again, with a trembling han. I--I really wae' not, prepared for you. You flashed upon me like the light ning. Really I did not hoar you behind _ lel, now." "I hope I have not frightened you, sir." Mr. Gurnett smiled dutright for the first time; yes, it did take ton years from hie looks at once l "No, Measter LancefQrd, I thank you; it was not fright. I am not very easily fright •eued," he said, "although a child can play upon my nerves, and disturb my equanim ity, I suppose one may have a stout heart, and yet have a hand beyond our efforts to still." He held his large-veined hand out, which still shook nervously. "Perhaps you have been ill lately, sir ?" said Willie. "Not lately," replied Mfr. Gurnett; "years ago it was, when disease and trouble, perhaps, struck at my health, and unstrung me-- mado my nerves master of me, instead of me of my nerves. Not the most serious affliction that could have be fallen me, but still unpleasant now and then." "I shouldn't like to be nervous," cor mented Willie. "Ah l I dare say not," said Mr. Gurnett; "ebsall we proceed? Mdy heart is only gently centering now; it wee at a mad gallop when yen played begney first." They proceeded; "Willie rather interested in Mr. Gurnett, and puzzling his head to ac count for Edmund's dislike to him. "Your brother, Nathan," lie said, after a pause, "will wonder what has became of me." "He is woll, I hope, cir ?" "Yes; quite well. A clover hoy--a won dorfully clever boy," said he. "It has boon the ambition of my life to train such a \ outh as he is." "I suppose papa is well, too, sir ?" "Your papa is quite well," was the s,,ply. Willie paused, and as a thought sriuckk 'him, coloured. It would not do to igiore Edmund's existence, ho thought. M[r. G-urnett might suspoct him and Jemmy. "And my brother Edmund, sir? " Mr. Oaurnoett's heod slvly revolvcd, and the mild grey eyes were fixed on Willie Lancoford. "I bog pardon," said Mr. Gurnett; "what. did you say ?" Willie repsated his quostion. " He is quite well, thank you," taid M?r. Gurnett politely. "Didn't it strikro you he wes looling" well?" "I--I--I haven't soon him yet, sir." Willie would have given his Shetland pony not to have said that an instant after wards; tlh grey eyes seemed to pierce him through so mercilessly. "My lad, I hlare learned to road the heart in a hard school, and you are holding up before your own a flimsy and tattered screen tlhnt decrivos nobody. Are you fond of poetry? " "Yes, sir," answered Willis, moodily. " Hundreds of years ago, Mt[asetr Lance ford, one touched by ths trie fire, sang thus:? And I beseech thee to heo worn'd by me, And do not lie! If any moan should ash thee Bat how theu no'st, or wshat o'olooe 'tie nos, Be sure thou do not le ! Mtalto noexcuse Nor him that is most oner thou! Never let The most officioss fatlshotd 'scapo thy tongue ! Nor thoy sbove This is the moral, tre you listening ? " "res.,," " For they ahore (thut aro ontirely truth) WVill mulho that stodr which thou bust sown of lios Yield miserios a thousandfold Upon tthino hoad." Mr. Gurnott quoted well. The fduse come to his brow, and the words of the poet rolled forth deep and resonant, and sunk to the heart of tite listener. Willio made a stand however against the uccuser. Me looked up boldly, though his cheek was hot. "The Lancofords are not liars, M?r. Gur nett. And I'm no liar-I never was i " "Yours is a truthful face," Mr. Gurnett observed; "ttherefore I was the more startled at your excuse 'for him that is most netor thee.' Still I will tako yotr word, Master Lancford, if you wish it. Shell we say, gruntod?--that you have not soon your eldest brother ? " "No; I have seen him--there l " "Alt! the water of truth loapotlh up to the brink. How it spalrkol in the sunlight, as only truth can sparleo on the lips of the young. When you are my pupil," said he, laying his hnud on WVillie's sltouldor, "you will not give me mtch pain, I fancy." "I hopo Edmund does not pain you very much, sir?" said Willie; "ho don't mean half he says." "Nor half he does," said MaIr. Gurnott, drily. I He never did carefor books, sir." "Possibly, not," responded Mr. Gurnett, yet eoobs are a part of man'e prerogative. Your brother Edmund would make a better soldier than a scholar. I fancy he would not run half as fast from the enemy's cannon as from Homer's Iliad." "LHe's a bold' fellow, sir." "Yes; and like moat bold fellows, with very little thought for other people's feel ings. He don't mean any harm when he is flourishing the broadsword of hie wit; hut it may cut clean through you, neverthe loss." " But--m" "But, Master Lanceford," interrupted the tutor, "I bear him no malice; and if he desert his colours and defy my authority, wehy let me hope he will be sorry for it in the future, What a lovely day it is, to be sure.!" he exclaimed, as they passed from the limes into the broad sweep of the lawn and carriage-drive before the house, all aglow in the sunshine; "how Prudence would enjoy this l " "A daughter of yours, sir?" inquired Willie. "kA dear daughter of mine," he replied. "Would she enjoy it best,'sir, in the free air, or from the study window yonder I" "In the free air, under the blue vault of heaven," he answered. " Sle takes after my brother Edmund then, sir," said Willie, with a sly glance into the tutor's face. " Caught, by Jupiter Tonans ! " exclaimed Mr. Gurnett. "Upon my word, Master Lanceford, you're not the dullest youtli of my acruaintancee." ChAIPTER. VI. The stars were shining above the Limes, and the stable clock wes striking eleven, when Edmund Lancoford redo as if for his life up the darlk avenue, across the lawn, under the archway to the left, where the stables were, and where Jemmy and Jem my's boy, with a lantern between them, awaited his arrival. "Later than ever, Mfaster Edmun'," said Jemmy, rather surlily, as the heir of the Lancefords flung himself from his horse. "Very sorry to keep you up, old boy," returned Edmund, "and spoil that beauti ful temper of yours, but there was no help ing it; besides, I have bowled over the ground.at a rare rate." "Yes," said Jemmy,;holding the lantern towardd the horse, " there be darmed little doubt of tlhat. You've no more spared the mare than you have me." "But Jommy, old fellow, you don't call eleven late?" cried Edmund; "you who are a Londoner half the year, and keep fine London time." "S o late, young gontleman, that if you can't contrive to get home a little earlier, I slnhn't help you in this Guy-.,awkes bueinose any more." ''Now Jommy, out With it l " t, Out with what, sir ?" " Out with the secret that's crystallised t'hat benutiful countenance," said Edrunnd "there's something up at the house." "Be there ? " "iThe governor's been walking into your affections, Jemmy." "LYou hoe rigint enougln there. Come up with you," and Tommy began punbhing the mare into the stable. "But look Inero', Tommy, I cannot help tine governor's bad tempers," said Edmuinnd, following hini, " nod it's douced nunfair to return tihe compliment on me." Jeemmy punched thne mare into tIne stanle, selouted at tine stable-boy for not following hier, and thnen canme tramping over the etounca again to Ednnund Lancoford's side. Edmunnnd kunew hlonv to manage Tommy Dornntonn, at least. "ML'aster :Edmun'," said 3Jemmy, "you're right artor all. It isn't quite the thing, and though you he the unhappy oaueo of the bobbery, wlhy it ain't your falnt nor mine, nor nobody's p'raps. It bo all turned up at once, Ioilko feaur honours at whisk." "Look alive," said E~dmund, impa tiently. "This be how it happened. That darned creepmouso fellow, the schoolmastor,-I novor could aboido echoolmasters !--he axes mte whore you wor, then ho axes your bro ther Willum, wlo, in tite innorsoneo of his 'art, ups and tolls all; then ho goes to the guv'ner and lays it all before him; then the gtv'ner sends for me snd pitches it all pip ing hot, beceuse I hadn't told of you, and almosot gives me warning becanee I couldn't tell him what I didn't know." "The object of my journey ?t" " Exaetly." "Perhaps Mlr. Lancoford will put the serew on me, and threaten me with warn ing," said the youth sternly. "Daon't be hasty, t[aeter Edmun'." "WVhat right has he, or Garnett, or both of thtem, to act thus behind my back, and soeel to spy npon my actions? Confound it!" cried he, "musn't I taele a ride without~loaving a map of my journey be hind me?" "Steady, steady," said Jemmy, "noth ing cooms of a 'splosion exnept smolce and smother, and little bits of things tlher be no putting together agin with good words. I remember a case pal-lal to yours, Swhen -" "G~ood night, Jemmy." And Edmund Lancoford strode out of the stable-yard, and boiling with indignation marched across the drive and tile dew-laden grass to the house and the broad flight of stops up which he mounted four at a time. Edmund Lancoford might have gone, and had initended to go, through the servants' offices, and so up stairs quietly to bed, com ing down in the morning smiling and lamb iile; but the information received had dis turbed the usual serenity of his mind, and he would face iis enemies boldly. He would not stand any of old Gurnet's non sense; iea would not lie put upon by any body; lie wasn't afraid to face black looks and hear harsh words; he would announce his presence like a man l Edmund Lanceford snatched at the knocker, and announced hin presence like a lunatic, hammering away at the door till the house rang with echoes, and a whole peck of Mr. Lanceford's hounds wolce up out of their first sleep and made the night hideous, and one or two roolcs whirled out of their nests, and went flapping about ominously. It was quite a solo performance on the knocker, and two footmen and the butler came dashing to the door pale as ashes. "Oh, Lid!l is it you, sir?-what's the matter, sir ? --has anything happened ? "' "No, fools," answered Edmund; "where is Ilir. Lanreford ?" "In the green drawing-room, sir." " Stand out of the way, then, and lot a follow pass," said Edmund, peevishly. Across the hail to the door of the green drawing-room-an apartment into which M~aster Edmund Lanceford strode after the shortest of preliminary taps.. Mr. Lanceford and M?r. Gurnett were play ing chess, and both gentlemen looked up from the game as he entered. "Ah! Edmund l " said Mr. Lanceford, in his blandest tone, "'you have just arrived in time to rescue me from the invading forces of our friend here. Come andhelp a parent in his hour of need." Edmund was not prepared for so friendly a reception, and Mir. Lanceford's greeting, accompanied as it was by a frank, avon fatherly smile, took him at once off his guard. Jemmy had evidently oxaggerated matters, or if a breeze had ruffled the surface, why it had spent itself out, and the waters were still again! The dark brow was clear in an instant, for Edmund Lancoford was not a youth to bear malice. He took a chair by his fiather's side, and examined the game critically. In his heart he was not at all sorry that affairs had taken so favourablo a turn, and he was profuse in his remarks on the position of tme pieces, and on MIr. Gur nett's chance of cleck-mating his sire. He was even inclined to smoke the pipe of peace with "creepmouse i" "Is this the first game, M'r. Gurnett ?" "No, sir," was the laconic reply. , "Your rook's emmpnrioc, sir ? " Very likely." Edmund Lanceford's name was still out of the " good books " of Mr. Gurnett. " And what sort of an evening is it, Ed mound?" asked M;r. Lanceford, slowly mancmuvring his pawns. "A lovely night, sir--a night that tempts one to wander and keep out later than usual." " Ah ! you were always a romantic, star gazingyouth. Check, Mr. Geurnott]" "Dear me;I wasn't prepared for that, now," and Mr. Gurnett gave a little jump in his chmair. "Misfortune falls suddenly upon us some times, even in the flush of conquest, Mr. Gmurnett. I regrot to say it's a mate in seven moves." "Bless my soul! how very well played," ejaculated Mr. Gurnoett, with a look of dis nay at the board, "I--I really thought I w.as getting tlse beetfof it." "Indeed !" "You are certainly a deep player, M\fr. Laneeford." "It is as well to keep my plans in the dark till the time be ripe to perfect them is it not, Edmund ?" "Certainly, sir." "You see tile mate, Mr. Gurntt t?" asked M[r. Lanceford as he rose. "Yes, sir, yes-quite a problem," re turned Mr. Gurnett; "you have really eur prised me. Let noes prssmeo, Ilow sirill'd sose'or, to cops with him at chess." "Y ou translate from Oberon," said Mr. Lancoford quickly. " Are you an admirer of that work of Wieland's ?" "It is a work of genins." "It is a storyof rash love-of the evils which lovers, thinking only of themselves, may bring upon their hlondsl-a story of rash confidence." Edmund appeared anxious to discover hisi father's mate its seven moves. "Beut Iam wearying you, and the hour is into. You" and I, M[r. Gurnett, have out lived romansece, and Edmund is but a boy yet. Gooed-night to yost." "Good- snight, sir." " Good-nighlt, Edmund; and the dreams of innocence be witll you ! " "Good-night, papa," was the son's answer. When Mir. Lancoford had roturnd, Edmund looked up slily fr'oa tho chness- board. M[r. _eureott won standing at somo littlo dietanco from tho talulo roeardinfg him. attontivoly. " I say, Mr. Guunott," said ho, with a oliort laugh, " there's a lecture in store for mo, I suppose o " ''No, sir." " Pronounced incurablo and summarily dismissod, thoen " asked Edmund. "Incurablo, and not yet nineteeo years of ago!l" romarkod his tutor. "I hope not, Edmund Lanceford." "Never too late to mend, sir," sail Edmund; "and so if you'll drop the loeto',, we will torn over a bran nOw leaf to-morroo, and take the shine out of Foxy--Nathan, . mean." " I regret to say that I have not mllith faith in your promises, sir," replied he, gravely. S"0l very well," said Edmund easily; "then you miust have the other thing--I can't hoelp it. Perhaps it wasn't doing thli polite to slip off this afternoon without eo much as a good-day; but you have paid me off in my own coin, and there's an eod of it." "LI reoally do not understand you." " Why, you pumped young Willie, acud you told all to the governor; and if I have. escnpod a rowing, why it's not your fmlit, M[r. Gurnott." ":Pumping and rowing are not th¶ ilo,? elognnt words in tho English vocabul.rv,!' eaid M[r. Gurnott; "but it would be k.ir'.:'?a tion to deny their meaning. Perhq ' :l o will allow me to deny the pumping O ":":'.?, although I have certainly thought it ? ? ;.u: to apprise Mr. anioeford of your ca:,a*??, for my authority," "And little good that has done." " Qood or harm, it was my duty. Iy'nour father do not clooso to assort his inih'",,:;n:c, hb must not complain to me of the lits!,: Ireo. gross you make in your studios. Aid," lie added "I cannot disguise my regret lint ho has not been more severe with you." iLI'm not a child, 11,r. Garnett," said Edmnnd, with a heightened colour. "W'horoin lies your title to man's estit'o, Mlastor Lancford? " said the tutor; " in your wilful disobedience, in your disrogard for others' feelings, or in the headleesnos., that renders you indifferent to wrong nod blind to right ?" "I may be all that, sir, and yet consider myself manlike." "I fear brutoliko would be a botter. term." " Ah! you are one more of the mans' who, cannoe understand me," said Nod lance-o ford. "When you first came to the Limos, 1 know you and I would not agree togs,'th¢r you admire being obeyed, and I ahlays hated obedience. You're-what shalt call. you ?-slow ; and my blood will not lot me sit still and hear you dribble out Greek roots." "May that quicirsilver in your veins never lead you into mischief," said the tutor. '" I wish you no more harm." "I dare say I shall be able to take careof. myself, fight my own battles, and keep niy. place in tie world." "Let us hope so," said the tutor. "Gobcl.Z night, young gentleman." "Good-night,. sir." "Am I to be favoured with your company in the class-room to-morrow I' " " With all my heart, sir," was the reply.. " I didn't spare you to-day, I'll be the best of pupils to-morrowm- that is the aslnfoe heosnoalo, eh?" "L Not if you remain unrepentant for to. day's fault." "Well," said Nod, running one hand through his curly hair, "about being sorry for to-day's fault, that's the question. it was certainly wrong to takle French loavo throughi the bay window--it was. disrespcst ful in the first place, and as I am very sorry \--no," he cried suddenly, " hanged if I:ll toll a lie about it--I'm not sorry a bit I can't fool sorry, for this is a day t,?i !, marked with a white stone l I'm very sorry I can't fool sorry, and-and-goedisi?zh? sir." " Stay one moment." I Edmund was swinging himself roul "ihe door, when Mr. Gurnett called him.' ie came a step back into the room, and etood fidgeting with the door handle, and anxious to be gone. " You feared a lecture this evening, and I gave you my word not to trouble you with one; but I-I should like to offer you n fmw words of advice." "Inever took kindly to advice, air, '; Edmund with a sanucy laugh. " It may not even apply. I will nt as!: you whether the arrow hits the whihu o : not! " "Fire away, sir.-That is," he addied more politely, " I beg you to proceed." "From some words inadvertently let drop by Mr. Dornton, the coachman--?ods which your father did not seem to heed, :an which I could not think it my place td call attention to-it is just possible that your absence this afternoon and evening ma.y' b' attributable to something more than a bioy' freak. It may be just possiblo-inr goodness' sake, young man, do I.hoI go that handle a moment! - just pos sible, I say, that you have binomo i a victim to a silly secret attaclin:htt, which can only lead to trouble and reior;sa. You may be the victim of an infatuatio, 'or some one lower than you in the social 'scldo may prove in the end that victim; and in1 either case no good can come of it. If I anm wrong; I ask your pardon; but if I uam right, I pray you for your own, and i or another's sake, to consider well what mny follow one false stop." Mr. Gurnott spoke earnestly as tho.rým in his time he had known an erring no-r',Il whoso false step took him-porhaps; her over the fatal brink. Edmund colour el a little, but he did not flinch from the g?a nof the pedant. "It is all a mistake ; there is nothiung io fear, sir." "Thoun I am very glad to hoar it. I-T hope," .with a nervous glance tovIr.'i" Edmund, " I haven't by my warnin,? p':i the very thoughts into your head I 'i.'IL.:! you to avoid. You're a youth rather h. d to manage." "Well, it is a curious subject to 1.:' your pupils, Mr. Gurnott. Lovo, and a:i : attachments, and victims. How does Nathan got on in that line? " " Bo off with you, sir." Edmund laughed as lie closed the door, laughed to himself as he took his plated candlestick from a table in the hall, where it had been placed for him, and wont up stairs to his room. Suddenly the smiles dis. appuorl, and a tloughtful oxprosn.ion of] cotintouantno sticcoodl~. In thuo a,?sgo J loading to tioo bedrooiii, ho cTmo to a doad halt, and stared at liio crooked shadow" no tho wall as though it wao a ghost tha;t haunted him. l~ow long In migiht havo ctritinuod in that hrown et udy had ho re mained undisturbcd, it is dillicult to say; but a voice from a room on his loft hand made him jump a little, and brought him from the inner world to the world lying • ?.?, :,; yoln Nod?" :·i·U, i, 1A % my honourabloe self," oaid bdulonoi, puohlng cpon the door of Willie's rii,,u i?adi looking in; "what keoops .ii'irnT ?:ktnosft Lancoford's eyes open to nibqh t :'," S'A ouilty conscionce, Nod." P!r?-0-: little Riclhard the Third, in a short a:r?t a-wl no hump," said Edmund; "how iidi?v w-.!d iho ghts of the awful past have klept tou rostloss ? ?lamo in, come in, I want to speak to i.t";nlmun:l entered rather reluctantly, \- ltl it. candle on the drawors, and closed toe droo after him. Willie Lancoford was s'quot'pin up in bed, his black eyes looking a tiilt. .vigor than usual, his hands clasped r.ound i :i konees, which wore conveniently a?lacnd ne a rest for his chiii. t "Ion didn't come back for that long talk ?hliouit old times, you promised me," said JVillio ; "and T sat up till ton, too." ui e tleO was Nathan to amuse you." Y''G.. h e's all very well when you can i?,:,uai,, him to put down those blessed i,''y-ke?,lts," said \Villioe, "though hle's srI]i,·.! !;oo quiet for me; you're the chap, ! "'?/?ank you, Willie." ;,,. about this guilty conscionso of rii.w.. i od," said Willie; "I haven't boon sbis ?, Iosp for it. lIr. Gurnott foiind out Ou?t ou wore at the lodge, and Tir. Our fio?t, i: oaplainod to papa, antd Jemmy was Ipnt tov, and I fancy, do you ktnow, Nod, ihe r.oadio rarthor a moss of it. Hfo tried hard to I uhina!; eil, and thie more hle tried the inore i?j"L" ,-?'mod to turn biim inside out. And !t i have boon so artful too--I hope it ?osr't wickeod." i A ;ful, eh ?" e' I evo been shamming sleep in the arm i-hLr, and hearing papa and Mr. Gurnott I::ilk l.)ut you. I thought if you were to Jail i:?i, a serapo, I might help you a little, do you see ? " S"W.All ?" I We'll, papa and Mr. Gurnott are in liln?(d? to think you're in love. What -i 'ip,,ital fun, Willie," said Edmund, S n.i(,,tmy let it out to me at the lodge; a'i '; f course he couldn't keep it from S-,"ommy knows nothing about it," cried m(1uiid,; energetically. E ": ,lon't know that," said Willie; Ai4 lim V is very sharp sometimes. So, if ?ii(. 'in love, you will know what to do, I'. - . is," said Edmund, eyeing his pre ;', inrother doubtfully. "'''.i n my word, it's the biggest fun in ?? i; 1 to fancy you in love, Nod. You're 'nll.i a n.ugh helter-skelter follow. If it had been tlyself now!" S. A., if it had been you " "If it hadn't been for cutting out Harry Porkls ut our school, there's a girl at the reuengrocor's like wax-work." S" Whatt's her name ? " LNo, you don't Nod," said WVillie, :tnhkly;' "we will keep to the subject, if $;ou, plorilo. Now are you in love, Neod? -jon don't mind tolling me." O, 0o) !-you're a capital confidant." " (s'c, on my guard, NOd, and I'm your ;wm.--ts carry your letters and bring back onl n?'ers. If there is anything I like : p';: Ire affair. Have you ever renad iio ,isds of the Mountain, or the Bridal Von ? " "itlirry Perks is takling it in, in penny numbors, There's what Jommy calls a pal lal CrsO to yours in it." "I never said that I was in love, Willie." "Jint sit5 down, Edmund," said Willie gravsiry. "You mustn't think I'm making fun of you; I'm not the chap to laugh at anothor chap's feelings, at any time. I can nditerisir d your sentiments, and I only hope ,oh., its a pretty girl, Nod?" 'retty, why--O l don't he an ass, Vil 'io-it's sll moonshine." ":Look hero, Ned, I'm fourteen in No vorscr; you forget what a man Iam," said Willio, " and I have been thinking~that the nrly ffls-w to help you is Willie Lancford. uI·y guitoy conscience must Ie satisfied too. I "-.,t Yoni into a scrape, lot me help you out cfis " Jommy will lose Isis place if lie in p0,0.fi1o again, and no one will suspect me. I 'i ti?e only one who won't laugh at you, NL.d; and if yoe are really fond of tlhe girl, oni :iso'h really fond of you, why it's pro sioup btrd to want a friend." D"onJ't I toll you it's all moonshine ?" P slipno's rifght then-it's an unfortunate :"tiocss i·at which oven you are ashamed of. ?Tso ,_rl loved me do you think I should be ,:?;?,n,?,: to own it, Nod ?" cI i'nx uot ashamed," cried Nod, takcen off hI? n;tc?s?l; " she's all that is beautiful and . sos d let any one say a word against sc 1r, Sl,?:t's all! Sue's the best of girls, \Vill;s?. snd it's only my pride in her that si{,·; ? ,-.' silont-esho's-she's- oh, what a bi.bl':.h,'," fool I am " " i)s,'t I toll you I'm not going to laugh ?" is-,I, l sillio, "and that I can imaginse all yusr i, a tions. IHarry Porlcs says it's like r,?d-hlit ieedles." jisisis-nd dropped into a chair by the bed osdds s, his brother. " 3Is,n like me," lie began rather ogotis :is;ly, "like to keep these little olffirs to ,s rs.-!.,o; they won't boar contact with the worl is: grindstone. HTalf the happiness is is !., ','5 ?hom deep in your heart, and fool ,,,';- .i', living a seconiln1fo lifeichi nobody Is -. ',When you fell in love, WVillie, you'll e.',,?t.". nUl lstssbttor." I W,;,Jt you toll me, then ? " " ".iv lear fellow," laying his lhand on his ;.:d:-i,?.:hor's eshoulsder, isffeetioniutely, "I ,I:,:: r :,ar your botraying mo now, Isut it is as well to knowv only a little alsout my ahfsairs, till the tine is ripeo fsr my friende to know all. I will not seek to huie anythinsg from you; but I will isot tako you lete my service, and set you perliaps against your own fisthor. Stand on the neutral ground, WVil lie, and aid me witl prayers. I may want them I" "0, do toll nor all about it!" argued WVillio, writhirlr~ with curiosity. " M'y delar Willie, whet more can I toll you ?-. I own I'm in love, and that thaet love makes me bettor, and more able to do good and work wonders. People have prophosled eli that is bad of Nod Lancoford--ahl! they shall neo now." " What's hor namo?--whoro does she live I--how old is she, Nod ?--is she fair or dark ?P-nd does her hair curl i" "Witness doponeth not." "a3ut shell I over see her ?" "I hope so." "I have suech an idea, Ned," said 'Willie; "I'l1 try and perenade you to walk to church with mo noxt Sunday--you never wore fond of church, you know--and you'll consent at last and we'll go to her church, and you shall point Iher out to me." "Why, Willie, you are as cunning as a fox! WeVoll, you shall sac her, my boy, and givo me your opinion of her, and tell me,' bluolhing like a girl, "if you'd like her for a sister." "I'm sure I shall l" " She'll wait till I come into my property, I'm sure," said Nod, his reserve giving way. "I haven't told her anything about my pro perty yet; it's all like a romance, and she loves me alono for myself. She don't oven know my nome ; thinks I'm Mr. Ford, and a clerik omowvhor. She says--" he sprang to his feet, and seized the candlestick ?" good night, Willie, I'm making a fool of myself--I'm a boy, not a man, after all !" "Io was right enough, though ho hardly believed it himself, as ho wont away with a full heart to his room. It was the outburst of a boy proeid of his conquest, proud of that lovo which had talkon root onrly within him, and had given birth to feelings which he confessed woro purer nnd better than he had over known. Eighteen yoars and a half malo up an ago early for youth to enter the world of wild hopes nnd vain droamingo; lut woo to the hand that draws the curtain asido and rouses the dreamer withs a rude blow from his vision Grant first love a folly to ninety-nine out of the hundred; it is a folly that will Iceep the heart from evil, and the feet from straying, and this dreamer will walce in good time. iouso him suddenly, and snatclh from his arms all that hles brightened his inner life, and see how falr the wisdom of the world ling will save him from the grasp of the tempter l Wore thers any hands at worlk in the dnarinoss into which the eyes of Edmund Lanscford could not pierce? Were there shadows advancing on the bright path along whichl he trod, drawing thi picture--ever delusive-of this years lying beyond? (To be coetbseud.) 