ORDINATION SERVICE. An ordination service in connection with the Wesleyan Church was held in the Archer-street Chapel, North Adelaide, on Friday evening, January 28. There was a huge congregation, the edifice being crowded. The proceedings having been commenced by singing and prayer, The President of the Conference (the Key. Geo. Hurst) read the customary address to the candidates for ordination —the Beys. Chas. Thos. Newman, Jas. Voong Simpson, and Jas. Spence—who had teen previously formally introduced to him by the Rev. B. Chapman, after which they were called upon to speak a* <o their conversions, and to atste their reasons for believing they were called to the ministry. The Her. Mr. Newman said he gave his heart to God when a Sunday-school scholar, and since then he had lived in the enjoyment of His lore. About nine years ago he felt that he must preach the Word, wherenpjn he be came a local preachr-r, and as such was instru mental in biinging souls to the Savionr. At first he was disinclined to enter the ministry; but the conviction that he ought to do so grow ing stronger, he offered himself and was ac ce ted. His determination was expressed in he verse:— " I would the precious time redeem, And longer live for this alone; To spend, and to be spent for them Who have not yet my Saviour known. Fully on these my mission prove, And only breathe to breathe Thy love." The Rev. Sir. Simpson said he was the son of pious parents, who were member of th? Pres byterian Church, in connection with which he was brought up. He was led, under the ministry of the Bey. Patrick Simpson—a Presbyterian clergyman—to consecrate himself to the service of God, and from that time to the present he bad never doubted his acceptance. He loved the Church of his fathers, but he loved the Methodist Church more. Feeling, after havinr been some time a local preacher, that he was called to be a servant of God, to proclaim His truth, he offered himself to the Church, and was accepted. He entered the ministry deter mined to save himself, and to endeavor to save others by bis teachings. The Rev. Mr. SPENCE said he owed all he was to the grace of God. He grew up in darkness as regarded his spiritual welfare. It was not until he was about 15 years of age that he felt the need of a change of heart, but for three or four years he resisted the strivings of the spirit. Howevar, he was convinced of his dangerous condition during some revival services in Ire land, and subsequently found peace through the blood of the Lamb. From the time he was converted to God he was convinced the ministry was his providential path, and the consequence was he offered liimoglf, and being accepted had since labored not without suc cess. The President then read a description of the character of the work for which the candidates were to be set apart, prominence being given to its importance and the responsibilities connected with it. At the conclusion of this, prayer was offered, imploring the Divine blessing upon the candidates, upon each of -whom there was then the imposition of hands, the words addressed to them by the President being— " Mayst thou receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Christian minister now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands, and be thou the faithful dispenser of the Word ofjlife, and of His holy sacrament, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." After the candidates had re ceived the sacrament, The Bey. W. L. Berks (the ei-President) de livered to them the following charge :— ftly dear young Brothers—lt is with un feigned pleasure that we have listened to- night to your Christian experience and confession of faith which you have made before many wit nesses ; and some of us renember well the time when we stood in a similar position to the one in which you stand this evening. We remem ber the time when we made the confession of faith before God and before Hi« people. The vows of God were upon us, and as ministers of Christ we feel to- night deeply humbled when we look at our past ministerial life, and when we call to remembrance ho* many of these vows and promises which we made before Gol and before His people have not been fulfilled and performed as they ought to have been. To' address you upon the momentous work to which you have devoted yourselves to-night is no insignificant task for any one of us, especially when weare overwhelmed with asenseof our own unfaithfulness and unfitness for this work. But the sense of unfaithfulness, of dereliction of duty, of neglect in many particulars, must not lead us to lower the standard of God's Word for ministerial character and experience. Better for us to confess our shortcomings and humble ourselves before God, and seek to amend and to improve, than to lower God's standard. We sympathise with you, my dear brothers, in the position in which you are placed to-night, for we know full well the path in which you have to tread, the work you have to do in the Lord's vineyard, the temptations you will fee subject to, and the trials which are peculiar to minis terial life—trials that others are strangers to. We sympathise with you, and you have our most earnest and hearty wish that God's bless ing may rest upon you. Although there may be difficulties in tout way, there are many promises to sustain you amidst all the trials of life. It becomes my duty in consequence of the relation in which I stand to this Church, to address a few words of advice and encouragement to you, and I shall endeavor to do so on the subject of ministerial faithfulness —not that we are about to detain you for any lengthened period. The remarks we have to make will be plain and practical, and, by God's help, I trust they may be of service to you—to strengthen you in this great work. Let me re mind you of tho -necessity of faithfulness to yourself, by which I mean the cultivation of personal religion—personal piety. You have said this evening, before God and th's people, that you have been brought to a saving ac quaintance with Christ—that you have been converted to God. And, as has already been said to you, this is the first qualification for the work—personal conversion. We recognise no man's chum to the ministry who is uncon verted. God never calls an unconverted man to do His work—he has no quali fication—no fitness—he cannot understand the great truths of religion—he cannot direct others into the safe path into which he has not entered himself. We thank God on your be half that you know what conversion is, and that you are prepared to press it on the acceptance of those to whom yon preach. Cultivate that grace that has been bestowed upon you, and cul tivate and strengthen all tho gifts and graces of the Holy Spirit. You believe in the doctrine of Christian perfection—you believe in the doc trine of maturity in graci. Let me urge upon you to seek after this. Let it be ths great pur suit of your life to reach that standard, that mark of perfect love, that holiness, that inward piety, that sanctification'of nature, thought, and motive which will render you more useful in the Christian Church, and more happy in the work of tho ministry. Need I say to you that yon must urge on God's people to this state of holiness and piety}? We, as ministers, are called to be examples—to stand in this respect before our people as those that are in the enjoyment of greater holiness than those to whom we preach. We are to urge God's people to press into the Canaan of per fect love. I trust this will always be your en deavor. Cultivate a spirit of holiness and piety, and urge it upon others. Then let me say to yon that yon are called upon to be dili gent in your studies; and whatever knowledge yon may acquire, make it subservient to the great work to which yon have devoted your lives. Is there any knowledge you may acquire that cannot be used in the Christian religion? God expects us to cultivate our powers, im prove our *nin<l^ busbaud our time, thus seek ing to know Him and understand His works, that we may be the better able to expound His Word, and urge upon those to whom we preach the great doctrines of our holy Christianity. You are not only to be diligent students stndy ing God's Word and reading proper books, bat to be painstaking in your pulpit preparations. You are to be faithful <o your selves. God holds you accountable for the im provement of your minds, and if He has called you to this great work he expects you to make due preparation for the distribution —Bhall I say—ot the bread of life. He expects you to provide a portion for all (hose to whom you minister ; which cannot be done by studying only, but by prayer and meditation. We are uot to go before His people and give utterance to sentiments we have not well weighed. Ho expects us to give them principles we have well weighed and of the truth of which we are satisfied. Prepare, therefore, for the pulpit. A man that is weak and feeble in the pulpit will be weak elsewhere ; therefore endeavor by properly husbanding your time to prepare for the ministration of God's Word so as to secure that for which yon are called into this ministry. You are also called upon to cul tivate the spirit of prayer and the gift of prayer, for you have to lead the devo tions of God's people—to lead them, ah, to lead them to God—to lead them to the foot stool of Divine mercy—to lead them to the great Mediator; and if you are to lead the devotions of God's people aright, you must cultivate the spirit of prayer and the gift of prayer. And our worship in His house should be free from all formality; there must cot be the worship ef lips only, but also of hearts. Be sure that you avoid that homiletic or spas modic style of prayer that is so common in our day. X mean the preaching to God instead of praying to Him. He expects us to pray in the great congregation, and to address Him as humble 'suppliants. Cultivate that proper style of address to God—simple, plain, humble language—the language of the penitent—the language of the sinner when infinitely blessed; and let your prayer be comprehensive but not wearisome]; and let there be fervor, earnestness, and faith in all the petitions you offer to God. Thisis faithfulness to yourself. For your encour agement in this duty let me say to you that you have promises of help in prayer, far supe rior to any forms of prayer. You have the promised help of the Holy Spirit. We are not here to condemn all forms of prayer—we do not generally use them in our public worship; bnt in their absence you have something far more important and certain to rest upon—the promised help of the Spirit. Did not the Lord promise His Spirit to the apostles ? and the promise is as valid sow as it was when made to them ; and as sure as the Spirit came down, and sat upon the heads of the apostles like cloven tongues of fire, and as sure as it came down upon the first Christians, so surely will it come down upon you if you wait upon God in prayer, not only day by day, but especially when you are going to minister to the great congregation —so will your services be acceptable to God and beneficial to His people. You have to-night declared before this con gregation that you are moved by the Holy Ghost. We believe yon—that you are moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon yourself this work and office of the Christian ministry. It is well for you that you feel such is the case. You will have often in the future to fall back npou this great truth. You will many times h&ve; to revert to the impression received by the indwel ling of the Spirit, and you will many times have to look back to this period as well as to past periods in your life that you may gather strength and encouragement in your future trials and discouragements. That Holy Spirit who has moved your hearts to this Christian work will, we believe, abide with you. The Church believes you are called, having set you apart for the work of the ministry by the im posi ion of hands—the hands of the ministers or bishops of this Church. Let me say that while we do not use that term, we believe that all true ministers of Jesus Christ who have been called by Him and have charge of any portion of the Lord's flock, and administer the holy Sacrament, are truly and properly bishops in the Christian Church. Ton have, we say, been thus set apart, and now you have to be faithful to your Lord —faithful to Him in your teaching the great truths that He has commanded. And here let me say that the in spired Book of God is our book of theology ; we acknowledge no other source of Divine truth bnt the Bible. This is our standard. Sometimes men speak of us as if we regarded die writings of Wesley, Fletcher, and Benson as on a par with the teachings of Scripture; and they speak of our creed. But our creed is in the Bible, and I urge yon to shun every system and doc trine which cannot be proved by the Bible to be of God. When we speak of our standard books and writers, all that we mean is that we believe such men have written truths which are in har mony with the teachings of God's Word. Bre thren, allow me a word with you now with regard to speculative theology. The speculative spiritof the age has found its way into divine things. Be upon your guard against the introduction of novelties into the Cuiistian religion. A man might read a book upon speculative theology without injury ; bat when a man imbibes the sentiments and becomes speculative himself, he is likely to introduce the subject to the attention of the congregation to whom he preaches, and it is probable he may be the means of creating doubt, and affect ing the belief of some individual; and if by enunciating any speculative theology or dogma you should instil into the minds of any of your people that which led them to doubt, and from doubt to unbelief, and then to Hell, God will demand their souls at your hands. Take care that you observe the ancient hind marks, that you walk in the old path, and take heed to the warnings which you find distinctly written in God's Word, and keep to the great fundamental jgrioctrines of our holy religion. You are toTte faithful in explaining these doctrines —such as the de pravity of the human heart and the guilt of man, and his exposure to punishment, the work of the Holy Spirit in our regeneration, and the justification of the soul before Mod by faith alone in the precious blood of Christ. Then let me say a great deal of your ministry must be Christ—Christ in His divine nature in opposition to the doctrine which is designed to rob Him of His glory—of His Godhead. You are to preach Him in TTi«i humility, in His in carnation, in His suffering, in His death, and this is to be the great subject of your ministry. All other subjects seem to converge to this. All other doctrines you will find to emanate from this great truth, and therefore preach Christ as the apostles preached Him. Take Paul and his son Timothy as examples in this matter—" We preach Christ crucified." And though other men may delight in preaching other subjects, the great theme of your ministry must be the Lord of Life and glory, presenting Him beforo the people as the only Saviour for the fin of the world; presenting Him as the great High Priest now before the throne of God making intercession for man; and offer Him as a Saviour able to save to the uttermost all that come to God by Him. Now there are many other subjects which must be embraced in your ministry. You are to be faithful exponents of the troth, and to present nothing else; and you must present it with heart and souL There are many men who preach very good sermons, which are spoiled and rendered unacceptable by bad delivery or something else, which is often the result of habits which might have been checked. Avoid everything that would mar the success of your ministry or render that ministry unacceptable. God has given you fruit of your labor, thereby showing that He approves of your work. Avoid everything that would prevent the usefulness of your ministry. Be faithful to the souls committed to your care. Yon are to leal son's to Christ, and to feed the flock of God, and unless you do this you will not secure the approbation of the Great Shepherd. Yon are not appointed to this ministry for the display of any talents, learning, or eloquence, but at the same time if any such advantages have been bestowed they must be laid under contribution to Christ—they must be used for Him. A man may win the applause of congregations, but unless he wins souls he misses the great object of his ministry. Be faithful to the souls entrusted to your care — not only watch ever the charge and feed it, hut you are to endeavor to increase the number within the fold. For ho that converteth a sinner from the error of his way shall save a soul from death and hide a multitude of sins. You are to establish a charge by the conver sion of sinners. Not by proselytising or by en couraging the members or hearers of other Churches to sit under your ministry. Seek that yon may save. If there be wan derers from Christ you must -try to restore them. If there be sick in the Church it is your duty to visit them. Yoa are to be the pastors of His flock. As far as possi ble visit the people committed to your care; you know not the influence yon may thereby gain. To be faithful to your charge you must especially care for the young—they will need encouragement from you, and to be instructed at your hands. Let them have a word in your public ministrations, and let them always have a share in you prayers in the House of God, and let them have a smile from you when you meet them in their parents' houses ; and so show the children that may be committed to your care that you have an interest in them. Most ear neatly and devoutly do I pray God to help yon ] in this work—that His grace may be sufficient for you. I trust that there is a bright and suc cessful future before you. May the Spirit of God rest upon you, and may He make you able preachers of the New Testament. You will shortly have to take our places. May the Great God whom you serve qualify you and fit you to serve His Church, and may the congre gation now present lift up their hearts to God for the descent of His Holy Spirit upon ell Christ's ambassadors—that we may do the work He has given us to do, and that ministers and people may at hist be gathered around His throne. The proceedings terminated in the usual manner, the service having been most solemn I and interesting. I 