LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. Yesterday, being St. Andrew's Day, was observed by the banks, the schools, and the various publio ofioes in town as a holiday, in commemoration of eotth Britain's patron saint. . The new Congregational Church in Brisbane-street, now nearly completed, is to be lighted utp forthidfirst time this evening, when members of the conge ,tion will be afforded an opportunity of selecting their seats. There will not be any.service, and the jalio generally will be welcome to stroll in andijnspeet the - building. The interior is being finished in a very chaste and elegant manner, the grey ? k hnar'white ceiling, cornices, pilasters, &c.;, prodecingsi jgood etfect. The seats are of beechb(not hrWood) plain and yet handsaome, and the platform forthe minetor, when comepleted, will be a very soperior piece ofiabi net. work. As the ground whicah' uacdrinds, the churlch is very suitable for tree plinting,?hh $ B be fore long to see it made neuse of for thatpurpose. Mr. B. J. Smith; Land Commisionerifeor'W' a et Moreton, will hold his monthly colrt,.ahlseual, toi morrow, when about 410 applications willbe cpejdred. In another column will be found ihe programme of the litberary and musical entertainment for the benefit of the Church of Enclandsdlo?ol, to be held..in the School of Arts this evening. The bill offereis avery attractive one,aod we hope tO see a good attendanoe, At the adjo.rned meeting, on Friday, it th diea who are interested in getting op a hazaar in June next, for tihe benefit ofthe Ipoewia Hospital, he fol lowing were electedas' memberas df theeemtt e : Mrs. Graham (president),'?MKeonedallseeti and treoaurer), and Mrs. Smith, lirs.. Tdranh,. . inatosh, Mrs. Blaine, Mse ThorntoM, ndys, and Miss Kendell. It wati'bolvbd tlit' ? ula note be prepared by the .seereta to the?itehabitants of the town sand district rqueastng eontribut~iAs of work and other objects for sale. M Br o attended on behalf of the hoepital, stited thtbFi d communicated with the ininilsters of every denomina tion requesting their aid and osoperathon, hut had not yet received replies. He had aiked the aid also of the ladies of thie convent, from whom he received every encouragement, and many espressioeni f sym pathy with the object. Dean Brad, whoo setbsse in Brisbane, lhad also expressed .a warm-tstin the undertaking. On behalf of the ttiibii lz of mansrement of the Ipswich Hospstsl, Mr.SBtkitt thanked tlhe ladies for their attendance, and ofd?'es his assistance in any way that it could be made available. The eaomittee will meet for the tranactionuof busi tiese on Tuesday, the 13th proximo. We learn from the asecretary of the eoinmittep for the Christmas acnss that, on Monday And Tueseday last, the deputation appointed to collect subscriptions towards the general fund waited on the public of Ips wich in the district which remained uncanvassed, and obtained aconsiderable sum in addition, to that al ready reported. Thesubsoription-listishaliedy larger than thattf last year, and hopes are entertained that when all tie contributions have been collected tlidsum of £100 will be in hand. The committee feel con siderable saentisfaction at' the ?ianner in which tha-' publio have responded to their 4ppeaL.. We hope our agricultur~ l friehds'and rivals in TIoo. woomba hake duly noted the determintation recently arrived at by the Ipswihla Agriialtoral So?is that the prizes at the coming show shallbe opn60o the whole colony. As exhibits aretobe conveysdis?eb y rail we ought to receire a good many froSpn thistop of the Range. Moreover would it be too pmrk. p ask the committee of the Toowoodmba Society p takgkinto their favourable consideration the question of thespro. priety of masinag th conditions oftheirown programans • as liberal n ours P .. . . 7 Mr. Hodgeon, gardener and greas-grocer, of Nicholaes-street, brought to oar office yeeterday two very fine' samples of erw potatoes growla by him at Little Ipswich. One kind, known as? '!Ash-leaved Kiduneys," the seed of which was obtained from Too. woombe, are particularly white, smooth, and hard,C and, even in their natural uascooked state, their ap- a pearance is appetising. The yield also:has been very good. The other sort, darkei inbolour, but also very filne, are from Oircular Quay seed obtained ira Sydney. We perceive it stated in the o reeticraa' that the peach crop this year is light. Suck is oerfrSplydnot the ese in this district, almost all the tides that we have seen being loaded with fruit. Happening ii pay a visit to Spring Gardens, Neowto n, lt Teday moorning,just as the 6 o'olock coanoh wa pasasing we found the active proprietor (har. Vowles) .p to his ears in work, and, although assisted only Iby plan and a boy, he informed us with something like &ulta; lion, and a pride that was justifiable under 'therceir cumenstances, that hehad that morningpickeoiteoainted, packed, and sent away to market, no lees than.867 dozen of his delicious fruit, and further that he in tended dispatchinge another hundred dozen or sobefore breoknrast. The peaches this year in Mr. Vowlee's garden are very ane and luscious, and the grrb is almostunknown. We saw numerous very extnsive pirelaratiore bring made for the Agricultural Society's sha,,w, and, if wre had n few more in the distriet as enerrgetic in thie carse as Mr. Vowles, the School of Arrs rhall would not auic to hold the exhibits. The Itsriech Indrpetdcnt Order of Rechabites an nounce a banquet in the Temperance Hall on Sepa. ratior Day, to inaugurate the fiBrst anniversary of the order. On Sunday last the dead body of a shepherd named Sheppard, engaged on Normandy station, wasefotnd in his bed in a Iut a few miles from the station. De. ceased, shoi had been in the employmentof Mr. Thorn for the last four months, and sanfered from disease of tie heart, lad been seen alive up to a late hour on Saturday afterrnoo,. An enquiry was held on Sunday by Calptain Andrews, J.P., but as yet, we are informed, no ollicial report us to the results of enquiry.have reacied town. Tiers was only one case at the Police Court yester day, the charge being drunkenness, and the pristner being astranger, newlyarrived in town, the Police Magistrate discharged him with a caution. The Ipswich Temperance Society hild its annual meeting at the society's hall in Westasfret on Tunesday night last, the president, Mr. Hargreaeec, uceupying the chair. The meeting was not so well attended as the promoters could have wished. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. Rose and Hodges, who warmly adiocated temperance principles, anod urged reneced effort in spreading the influence of the society. Mr. Denham, the honorary secretalry, then submitted the annual report, which showed that a Reelhbile tent, or temperance beneft society, had been established, uand was progressing eteraddy; thirty-oun public meetings lad been held under the auspices of the seciety in town and country; two lectures had been delivered in connection with the society by the Rey. E. Fuller and thei lev. Mr. Hartley a the outside meetings had been well attended, and one hundred and silxty new mem hers had been added to the society's roll, which fact was very encouraging to the committee; the society ·was entirely free from debt, with a few pounds to its credit. The committee, on retiring, thanked the society for the confidence reposed in them wlhile in offce, and arged renewed labours in the good cause. Mfr. Hgreavesr announced that i weas the intention of the committee to arrange for foitnightly meetings, to be devoted to the delivery of addresses and readings alternately. The election of oflcers for the eneuing year then took place, with the following result: Prei'dent, Mr. argreavee s; secretary, Mr. T. Scott; tresasrer, Mr. Denham; committee, Messrs. Beard, EHarpur, Fulcher, Woolley, and J. M'lurlane, with power to add to their number. A supplement to the Governmeet Gaceite published on Tuesday notifies the registration of a deed of com position between John Joseph Lennon, of Tattereall'e Kotel. lpswich, and his creditors, whereby the former g oesto aydrhe latter agree to accept, a dividend of eahtlllisge in the pound. We are havounrad with the following from the Woogaroo Lanatic Adsylum:-The acting esurgeon puperintendent acknowledges, with thanks, the receipt oft arcel of the "Leisure Hour" and the "Sunday at Home" from G. H. Wilson, Esq., Ipswich, for the tee of the patients. Itia anticipated that the rents of land seleeted in the 'West Moreton district, under the Land Acts of 1866 and 1868, will amount to about £?0,000 for the pre ent year. This Saum must goon increasing or several yats, and no doubt will do so in perpetuity. We have again to weleome Tpswich Punch, the nmmber for this day (vol. 4, No 4), haring been ready for issue last evening. ·The frontispice on the cover, whih is newevery month, is espeeally well done this time, and the illustrations and articles generally are exellent, the latter being for the most part good in Usne-anid eleerly written. What personal inuendoes and reflections they contain are not calculated to give offlenoe to :sensible people, and they are very neatly :onveyesd.. The lines, " Vich is de Yarman's Fader land," are very humorous and clever, and we should guote them if we could do ao conveniently. There is an smusingsketohbf the coffin of the G.L.P. being :heboaht ineor interment in a grove at the foot of the .Slser'e chair. By far the best drawingin the whole Snumber, however, is that in which Mr. Gunnybag is \- gatting his'daughterthrough her geographical facings. T:hlsabetch is admirably exeouted, without a auper '1nnosline. The greatmagician Herules Harlin is very well pourtrayed, but we are too stupid to see the * jake.:,The likeness is we think the only really good one thit'has yet appeared in Ipemoich Punch. Alb there does not appear to be any response to the ppsallately made by a correspondent for suberip. tionsinaid of the fund for the relief of the French 'wounded, we should like to return the contribution, th' lehipt ofwhich we previously acknowledged. * I may be remembered tshat during the late general leation oue of the candidates for East Moreton, Mr. Atkin, int speech to the electors, went particularly oat of his way to traduce Mr. Sandemau, who had just then published an address reflecting on the politi *; ,aelonduct ofeertain members of tile Assembly-. among themMr. Atkine-whojoined in the disgraceful vote by which Mor. Sandeman's seat was declared Sra-ant. Mr. Athin indirectly affirmed that Mr. San S.demsn had been guilty of some meanness-in fact .dishonesty--in connection with a station of hie which -ell into the mortgagee's hands; in short that the Tworking men employed aon the station had seen osheatedout.esf thr hard earnings. Mr. Sanleonan Institated legal proceedings against Mr. Athi n in on ;.equence, and the ease, we presume, would have come into court but for the following apology whiek sy * peaad -n adn vertieement in yeaterday's Courier -... , . Bbaee,. lovember 1, 1870. SUsa-lnmygeesfhto the lnleton of srt Hlerons, t the giEtoude ?all, BriLtoane, on the lt Auguit las I made certaln a~?sem ee wioth ef reenecto youreell In reapeet of whleh you e:'ese initlt?tsd proeediang qulnct me in the eupveme Court , ?dbell sasob h tsmmte were haed upon inormatieon which .etthUstimI belleved to be horrect, but whsch I am now eati ..''..'w entirely wthuoc fouodation. And I now eprer, my 'a heeer e rethat ? a?d anthie that enud the e estrmed lta a impnutation agtt ye, and that should have occasioned yon my anoyttsee. I. am, 1r, year bedient servant, e lo. c p t o te-. T. Aace., . ? s .? Gordon esandemsa, Esq. On77-. ewenialac Cluat m o?ge: mentery dinner was given on Monday nbigt- pt'ttcQsuenslnd Club, to Mr. E. H. Drury, t :e ,ansar 'f the tsnk of Australasia, on hies de pe-etaret-.-Vietgria. Sir H. C. O'Connell presided, asdbut thirty gntlemen eat down to a very excellent flpait' which was served in Mr. Baldwin's best style. A Wrhe hloth was remPed, thec health of the guest was drnk-Bi haumpers, and duly responded to. A num :her isfother toasts followed, and a very pleasant evening was epent?-ouarier. • hse Inglewood correspondent of the D. D. Caeetle wcitea ,-Quite a gloom was east over our little town nWThiorday, the 10th instant, when it generally be •am known that as young gairl named KiatieBrown ired intentionally poisoned herself. I write " ioten SJkonally/i because the girl herself edoitted baring tken strychnine, and at the magisterial inquiry, hbeld , "by or U neerent J.P." it was elicited that tlce deceased . h?.d taken the bottle contaimng poison fromra neigh .bourst house ome time ago, snd had told one or two od the witnesss examined that she intended to die by hei ownrhands. romaesna dly rphotographic aceount of the oxe outin. oflaoss at Kaekhampton on Monday, the 2st, bliihed. nthe- BllUeia, we extract the following,: bn birlng at the foot of the scaffold, the Red. Mr. 9k?no'preyed with Boss, who was much agitated, and • ..dembid tojoin earnetly in the prayer. At 8 o'clock hoBes muoonded the steps, trembling reatlyp, and being .le by one ofthe gaolera, the ve. Mr. Carson foll,w S;a ag; On raching the platform, the rope was adjusted theond b nekeel bly the enecutioner, and he then h addrseeed the epectators in the following brief aen teanera: "My dear friends, let this be a warning to junu May od have marey onall yournouls." And then, to aem use m?aicn, sarcely audible, said :- "0O L Lrord, my om, unto Thee I commend my Sppr5td4his-amoclng. Look upon a poor miserable J" inear. O Lord God, have mercy upon me, and pardon all my sins,." The white cop mas then Seawn down over his face, and tied round the neit. ,The Rev. 3. Carson again prayed, etanding .beaidp the condemned man, saying, " Into Thy merci jl.J'pnpi, :0 Lor4, we commend the soul of this Thy , _ mow about to depart from the body. Re. eivelim, we humbly beseech Thee, into the arms of .hyih mercy, into the glorious society of the saints in Heaven. Amen." Then, taking Ross by the hcnd, the minister continued: ' God the Father who bhath dreated thsee, God the Son who hath redeemed thee, . pd the Holy Ghost who hath infused His graeo in thee, be now and evermore wish thee e assist thee in this thy last trial, and bring thee to everlasting life. Parewelll' The minister shook bands with him, and reti.ed. 'Here follows an account of the hanging, te., after whilch the reportprooeeds.] From the Ree. Mr. Oarsbo we learn that Ross was a native of Scot. land, county of B.otherlandshire, parieh of Farr, Beauty Hill. His mother is still alive, and Boss, shortly before his death requested Mr. Carson to write to her. He said his lather died whien hlie was very young, end he did not remcember utything of him. Ross never admitted his guilt until after Mr. Wiaseman communicated to him the telegraon fixing the day for the enreution. Ti, day afterwarde Ross said to Mr. Sheehy, the governor of the gaol," "#He wished Mr. Carson there. He wanted to say that Jimmy Ah N?ee was not guilty. He himself committed the murder." This statement was put in writing, and Mr. Carson sent for. Tite courie then made what be called a full statement; and on a subsequent occasion he sent for Mr. Carson and made ausother statement, correcting the previous one us to the poisoning, saying that it was he and not the wife of the murdered man that put the polsoe it the gruel. [oss was an intelligent man, and was laevred with a religious education. During thie whole time of hirs confinement in gaol he was very anxious to read religious books, especially the Bible. Since he heard that the day was filed for his execution, hlie altpoared penitent, and weeas very anxious for instruction from his spiritual adviser. 