Theatre Royal. — Dun Briggn will tako a benefit on Thursday evening next, nnd it will bo discreditable to tho community if there should bo n single seat empty either up stsirs, or down. Air. Briggs is, perhaps, tho most useful momher of our little dramatic company, and can turn his hand to everything both before and behind tho ourtnin ; a theatrical Caleb Quolem, so vnluablo when tho mnnngomont is compelled to study nays and menus, nnd to make a great show with limited resources. Wo never see Air. Brigga's name absent iron) tho play bill — now Colonel Dumas, nnd then half an hour afterwards a " nigger melodist," uiuiuping tin mu uiiTijn ; oiio run respect nblo old gentleman, tho noxt u young huirbrain, en deavouring to discovor whether Hogarth was right or wrong, nnd whothcr his rnrccr would bo cut short by the sword of a wronged husband— all is ono to Dun, who plays on nnd on to tho satisfaction of his audi ence, and to his own apparent benefit. Wo must als > give Air. Briggs credit for being exceedingly eourto. us mid obligiiiK, nnd for looking incessantly nftor tho comforts of tho nudionee, us well as for his gcnornl beuring ; all of which have had so much to do with tho success Ihnt lins attended tho efforts of Ilia present lessees, nnd tho improvod position of a theatre, which has had, and iB still having, a hard struggle ngnitiBt impressions and opinions induced by previous bud management. A Stuakoe Story. — A man was found in tho streets on Saturday, apparently in a state of eomploto insen sibility from over drinking ; he was oaliged to bo carried to tho lock-up, and could givo no coherent account of hitnsolf. When ho came to, he slated posi tively that ho had not been near a publie-houso, but that on Saturduy lie was engaged, on tho North Sido of the river in cutting wood, when ho was bitten on tho leg, just above tho ankle, by a snake. He soya, thnl directly lie fell tlio hito, ho lighted two or time matches nnd burnt tho wound, and then started oil' for home ; wlion there he mixed a quantity of ammonia in about hnlf a pint of spirits of wine, and drank it. JIo afterwards loft homo with the intention of seeking medical advice, bill when he had crossed the river ho began to feel stupid, and at tho eornor of East and Dunham Streets lie fell down, and remem bered nothing ukpio until lie found himself in the lock lip, The police do not appear to givo niticli credence to the story, n< the muu was knocking about, the town tho previous night nnd drinking heavily ; besides, al though lie slates ho has n wile nnd family on tho North Sido, lio one has been near him since lie lain been looked up, which— had ho gono homo uftor ho was bitten — w ould bo nt least improbable. A Judicious Step. — At tho meoting of tho hospital committee, .hold on Friday afternoon, a subject was brought before it which has required for somo timo past, and' indeed from tho vory first hour it was legis lated upon in Jtuiy, 18C0, tho consideration of those who havo tho direction of the hospital affairs. A grnvo error was cominitlod originnlly in making a re gulation, that persons sulToring from disoasos of a cer tain eluss should bo cxolnded from the hospital, unless thoy wore ablo to pay for/their own board and lodging, nnd to provo that it was tut error, Captain Hunter staled, that on two occasions ho had .considered it in cumbent upon hiiu to break through tho rules. Wo grco with Air. Milford that so long as a rulo is in ox- istonco Hint it should bo clung to (/' possible), and that if found to work badly, it. should bo abrogated and, not bvokou : but wo cannot join issuo with him, whon ho said, that ho considered Captain Huntor had com mitted n gross doroliction of duty in udmilling two starving mul dying men into tho hospital; noither can wo, by any means, agree with him, that it was bolter that nion Bbould die in I ho street s than tho regulations be broken. Cnptnin Hunter aulcd perfectly rightly ; laid lie kept to tho lclt.or of tho law, and tlio sull'orei's luui perished, ho could have answered his follow -men, and perhaps satisfactorily, but how would ho have answered Him, who so many times when on earth mndo law subsorviont to incroy P Tho objection tnkon to admitting pnticnls suffering under a disonso proclaimed, by tlio very passing of tlio motion, os ono brought about by moral turpitude alone, was false in idea— fnlso in prnelieo — nnd false, as proved, by tho higher test of charity, and tho committee ought to bo thankful to Captain Hunter that ho, at any rate, was possessed of so much humanly feeling, that its.in- (luenco ovor him provontod him from nllowing an in- dolibio stigma to bo cast on tlio committee, by turning from tho duors of a public institution, supported by tho public, two of our erring uud dying brothers. " Uso every man after Ids desert, and who shall senno whipping," should bo (ho mntto over the door of tlioso institutions, wliero it is possible a distinction may bo made between ono sinner uud nr.othor ; between ono lying under a disonso brought oil by tlio indiilgoiico of appetite, and ouo sulToring from tlio cffocls of uccidont and (as it is termed) by the visitation of God ; just as if all human nilmonts wore not visitations from the same sourco. It iB true that tlio hospital has not inex haustible funds ; it is equally Iruo IhntTliosc who have tlio spending of them havo a right to bo cautious ; but we hold tlmt every ono should bo accepted, lut him be who lie nuiy, what ho may, sick from what causo ho may, so long us there is room ; when there is no moro room, when thoro is 110 mora money, than tbo com mittee are not responsible for tlio afterwards. Had tlioso two mcr., allowod by Captain Hunter to color tho hospitnl in spito of lite rule, died in the streets, ho would have boon responsible, and so would eneli mem ber of the committee who passed the rule, if they had insisted that upon no account, and under no cireum- st mice-, it should be broken. When the mouthers of the committee passed so stringent a resolution, they " shot their arrow o'er tho house, mul hitthoir brothor, and wo rejoice to find that Air. Livonnore has givou notice thai ho intends to more at the mooting this af ternoon, that tho object tonnblo motion bo rescinded. Wo know tlmt our needy sick " will fill a pit as well as better," but wo should not liko to bo of tlioso who help to throw tlicm there. Coffer Smelting. — In all probability n oompnny will bo llonlod (luring the present week, for tho purposo of creeling smolting works in the immcdinto neigh bourhood of Rocklmmpton. Captain David, a gontlo- innu who lias laid much experience in Wales, Corn wall, nnd in Victoria, has boslowod a groat deal of timo lately in ascertaining whether copper is suili- ciently spread over the district, around tlio town, to guuranteo him in recommonding tlio formation of a smelting company, and he has arrived nt the conclusion that the enterprizo ennnol but ho successful. Helms found not only that imuienso beds ot copper are in existence, which have not been brought under the notico of tho public, but tlmt a very great many sec tions lime been taken up by various parlies, who, fro, want of present menus, are inmblo to work' tlioin, or to erect furnaces, lie also finds that in numerous in stances the cztcnl of tlio fields discovered is not slifil- ciont to justify their owners in opening tliom up, unless thoy could smelt the ore in their immediate neighbourhoods. Captain David is nob ulono in his opinion us to tho iinmrnso quantity of copper ore, which lieB in largo and simiil parcels over the length and breadth of our district, for scarcely a day elapses without, our receiving notice that a new patch has been discovered ; while wo know that several parties who have taken up ground ore upon tho ore of attempting to form companies, both hero nnd in t lie South, for tlio purpose of developing the hidden wealth. The capital proposed by Captain David is small, as lie is inclined to commence moderately, nnd to build ono furnace and test its paying powers before launching out into expenses of an extraordinary character. Largo numbers of our lending men in town linvo sig nified their willingness to support tlio enterprise, anil a meeting will ho held next Wednesday nt Captain Hunter's, in order to receive Captain David's report, mul to make the necessary arrangements for starting tlio compuny. Wo hardly know nnv ouo undertaking, if carried out with proper skill nnd spirit, and without that tardiness and want of practical knowledge which liavo been displayed in so mnrkcil a milliner by ninny of our cold mining companies, which will pay better and lend more tj beuefi. this district. It is certain that wo have tbo copper, nnd tlmt it is snlcaldo in nnv quantity nt remunerative prices, therefore, nil that we require is tlio monoy to place it in tlio market, and at as little cost to tlio owaors of ore as possible. Car riage, in a county where there is but iittlo railway or cum l coinmnmciition ; whore roads aro bad and labor dour, is the grim1, drawback, when raw produce lias to be conveyed for long distances, to bo converted into marketable material, which, in its turn, has to be sent at great expense to port, to bo tlienco shipped to its intended destination. Therefore, if wo, after full nnd proper inquiry, uro convinreil that copper does exist around Rocklmmpton, nothing cuu bo wiser lliuii to oroct smohing furnaces in or near the town ; some control and cosily reached contro, itself a port, is ab solutely necessary, when capital is so scurco amongst us, and when tlio ore is to be found in ovary, nnd not in one special direction. Tlio returns which have resulted from tho various testing of our ore, not ouly from Rosowooil, but from otlior districts have been exceedingly satisfactory, averaging from 20 to 52 per cent., and tbo quality of t.)io copper produced is found to bo in nil instances of a very high stnndurd, nnd capable of oommnnding tlio best market, prices j therefore wo cnuuot see any drawback whatever to tlio proposed enterprizo, putting asido altogether tlio capital which will bo continually Hunting, the lnbor which will ho omploycd, and tlio spur which must bo given to our inland and foreign trade. Captain David lias also discovered in the immediate neighbourhood of Ruekiiamploti, tho mntoriul for making fire bricks of the most cxcollont character, thus, wo shall not havo to import tlio building material, ami a new branch fur tho employment of skilled nnd oilier labor will be opened up. Ono great feature in the undertaking will bo, that all tlio work will bo commenced and finished on the spo', uud the whole of tho monev put into cir culation will be spent in paying liumu labor, in sup porting local trndesmon, and in developing tho re sources of the country around tis. Wo unilerslnud t lint the capital required « ill not exceed £1000, and tlint ncnrl.v 75 per cent of that amount is already promised ; the furnace will smelt somcwhoro about 30 tons per week, and wo presume thnt from £-1 10s to £5 por ton will be charged for smelting, nnd as tho total cxponses will not exceed, nt the outside, ono half tho receipts, very pretty mnrgins of profit will bo left ; enough to pay dividends, and to oxtond tlio future operations of thu compuny. A Splendid Exfose, — "Spirit rapping," it seems to us will mnko an undignified bow niut exit, long before spirit drinking lias arrived at its full glory. Tho following " raps " which uro bestowed by a well- known philosophical instrument maker, will, wo fnnoy, lay all tho " rapping spirits " in tlio vasty deep, from which not even a modern Glondowor could raiEO them. Tlio instrument mnkor says : " Thnt for many yonrs ho lias hud u largo sale for spirit-rapping uingucts mul bat lories, especially made for eoncoalment under tho tloor, in cupbonrds, under tublcs, and even for tlio in terior of tho centra support of tables and boxes. Ho lias supplied also quantities of prepared wire to bo placed under tlio curpcts ami oilcloth, or under tlio wainscot and gilt beudiug, round ceilings uud rooms. All these, lie adds, wore obviously usod for spirit-rap- ping ; ni.d (.tie connection to each rapper and ballory. was to be made by menus of u small button, liko tlioso usod for telegraphic bell ringing purposes, or by moans of a brass-heudeil or other nail under Llio carpet, at particular patterns known to tlio spiritualist. Then there aro spirit -rapping inumicls, uud umguelB con structed expressly lor tlio pocket, and these, lie tollu lis, will of course rap ut any purt of tlio room. Ho has nlso inndo drums and bells, which will beat and ring ut command, but these two latter are not so frequently used as tlio mngnots uro bocause thoy nro too easily detected." Paper Thieves. — Again wo havo to complain of tho non-delivery of our papor ; for tlio Oympio Times says — " Not having rccoivod any oopioB of tlio North- urn Aiigus for soma tiuio, wo had quito forgotten tlio aspect of its imposing cont of nrmB. Howovor, a batch turned up on Tuesday night, and vory welcomo they wore." Wo n«od hardly inform our contompornry that l.lio files havo been regularly posted to him, mid that wo regret ho should hnvo quite forgotton tlio aspect of Groat Britain's coat of arms, which graces tlio hoiul o( our paper ; but ho is not singular lioro in his forgolful- ncss or tlio "Lion and tlio Unicorn," which hnvo ooen lighting for so many yours, at loust eo tlio nursory talo tolls us, for tho Crown. Tho kangaroos of lite Aus- tralins are gradually oroeping near, mul will, if wo mistnko not, before long stent in while tho ooiiibnt iB going on, destroy tho crown, plant tlio cap of liborly (vory liko that of Goslor's) in its place, anil composedly squat down on oitlior sido of it, until tlio lingo wave oi doinooruey shall break upon itself, and tlion— ? why, tlio dolugo of courso. Hut " Jloni suit, i/ni mali/pense," wo will forgot Aladmno do Porapnilour and her inugni- eont egotism, which oxcollud even Oiosar's, nnd express our lively indignation tlmt our papers should lie so froquont'y bailed up by litornry bushrangers, mid our customers disappointed, Wo should really fool obligod to tlioso who nro in the habit of waylaying tlio Argus, if they would occasionally givo- tho Jiullelin a turn; fair play is a jowcl, and our local uontemporary might consider that ns a compliment, wliioli we regard in spite of tho honour intended, ns the deepest insult, because it touches our pouket, for which wo havo, in the fnco of " who stonls my purso, steals trash," a very groat affection and rospeet — whon it is full. Alliance Hotel. — Airs, and Mr. O'Noil. of tlio Alliance Hotel, to murk how much thoy appreciate tho support which lins boon so liberally accorded to litem, mill which, by-tho-byo, thoy thoroughly deserve, enter tained a largo number of friends on Tuesday evening Inst nt n ball and supper. Every tiling passed off ex ceedingly pleasant; the largo room utlnuhod to tho Hotel was vory otognntly decorated, anil dancing was kept up with astonishing perseverance until daylight. Tho supper was a very handsome one, nnd was thoroughly onjoyeil by tho mimorous guests. Railway' Fares. — Wo see by an advertisement in tlio Courier that on and alter this day, Aloiuluy, thu I7th instant, a reduction will bo made in tho passenger lures on the Southern and Wostorn Railway, equal to ono-linlf the rates now charged. The Government, havo then discovered Unit cheap fares are inly ing faros, and that high onos aro the greatest possi ble bard to success. The concussion is a vory im portant one, and we presume, ul hough it is not ollieially notified, tlmt the fares on tlio Northern Rail way will bo lowered in thu same proportion, for what is smico for tho gooso is generally understood to bo Banco for tlio gentler, and wo cannot see any reason why exeossivo charges Bliouid bo ruinous in tho South and fortune mall ing in tlio North, Tho notion taken by tho Government mid tho A.S.N. Company, our carriers by land end bv witter, in studying tlio pockets of tlio community, must produco tlio most boiicHeiel elleets, and ivu entertain no doubt but thu liberality will meet willi full appreciation and reward. The IIartnbtt AIukdku. — Tlio Express says — " It is a most unaeuouiitablu and shameful tiling that no 6tir lias boon made by the citizens of Drisbnno to ox- Dress their horror of the Hartnott. murder, mid to sub- scribo i ucli an additional reward to supplement tlint offered by tlio Government as will in all probability appeal to tlio cupidity uf some ono who will bo nbio to throw light upon this dreadful erimo. It is tho duty of tho Aluvor, who by virtue of his ollieo is I lie repre sentative ol tho citizens, to call together the people anil to tako some steps towards removing thu stigma which lies upon the community every day .'lie mystery of this murder remains unsolved There aro undefined duties belonging to the ollieo of hand of f ile munici pality other than tlioso of presiding over the squabbles of obtuse aldermen, mul it seems lo us I lint this is cx- nclly one of those eases wliero the .Mayor should need no prompting to step lorward and ask for the oo-opora- tion of his fellow-townsmen, nnd not wait unlit tlio stereotyped requisition is got up, asking him to more in tlio ili itter." We think so, too, although so many blunders were committed by those who luui tin) man agement. of tlio Hnlligiiii murder fund — blunders which arose wo nro certain from excess of zeal, and from the earnest dcsiiu which existed to evince every horror of tlio erimo. The Express eoiiiiuues — " Willi respect to Hart noil's murder — from enquiries wo made of the police authorities at a Into hour last night — ivo learn that absolutely nothing litis yet transpired which would in any way, throw a light upon this most mysterious crime. Thu police are, as a mai l er of course, still pur suing their investigations, which mayor may not provo successful in bringing tlio murderer or murderers to justice. At present nothing lurtlior is known than what, lins already been published : excepting, perhaps, tlio information our contemporary inyslnriouily inti mates that, it is in possession of, bat. which it. does nut ' feel at liberty to place before the public.' A rumor prevailed about the town yesterday to the effect that ono, ut lenst, if not more, of the murderers had been arrested. Another report was current thnt thu mur dered man's clot bus luui been found in the river, tied up i:i a bundle. Roth llicso reports aro incorrect. Air. Kbcnston, wo believe, received orders from tho Inspector of Police to bury or destroy somo filthy old rags that had nucnuiiilated in tlio Morgue ; instead of interring tlio gavmonts quietly, lie tioil a stono round them anil thoughtlessly llung them into thu river, ami thoy wore subsequent ly lisiiud up, when, ns a mutter of course, the tiU'mr speedily got wind, and created nn immense sensation. This is, wo aro told, I he origin and solo foundation of tlio report uboat the finding of tho .murdered man's clothes." The Alliance Quartz and Gold AHning Crushing Company. — Tlio half-yearly meeting of the shareholders ol this company was hold on Frid i/ after noon, at tlio oompauy's oilieo, Easl-street — Mr. Henry Jones in tho chair. The business of tho meeting was lo receive tlio Directors Report and tlio Bnlaucu Sheet. The Chairman said that this was thu second timo lie had luui tlio linppincss of meeting tho shareholders, nnd h. had much pleasure in congruiuhdingthomupon tho nourishing condition of iill'iirs, and upon t lie future prospers of the company. The profits wore, for tlio year ending 3lst. December, £11747s ad, out of which £800 had bcon paid in dividends. Tlio chief point of the report which luui to bo discussed, wti9 whether tlio shareholders would authorise tlio directors to rcleaso tlio widow uud osialu of the lute l'atriuk Hullignii from hor and its responsibility for the guaninico of thu gold in possession of Air. Halligaii when lie was murdered. Tlio Secretary then road tho ropoituud tho balance sheet, both of which vera received and adopted. A motion was tlion put to tlio mealing tlint tho signature of every individual shareholder should be obtained absolving Airs, lialligiiu from any responsibility willi rospeet to tlio gold. A sharp discussion onsued, butt ho motion was ultimately carried. In reply to a question as to when (lie next dividend would bo paid, thu Chairman stated that lie thought, it advisable not to pay a dividond until llio arrival of tlioir third buttery, which was ex pouted every day. This concluded tho proceed ings which were purely of u formal character ; votes of thanks were then passed to tlio chairman, tho direc tors, the manager, Air Aitkin, nud tile secretary, Mr. W. d. Jackson, for tlio able maimer in which thoy hud conducted t lio business of the company. Steerage Passengers. — VVo were askod yesterday by a miner whether the A.S.N. Company intended to lower tlio rates of steerage ? Wo were unable to niiswur mm ; but. we presume the Company will not so far forget t heni.-el ves, nor bo so neglectful of t heir own interests, as woll us indifferent to the convenience of tlio labouring classes, ns to mnko one law for tlio rieli and uuothcr for tlio poor. Nino tenths of tuo ill-feeling existing ngtiinst I lie compmy lias arisen from tlie carelessness thoy linvo exhibited in not pro viding for tlio comforts and conveniences of steerage passengers ; nnd hero tho Government might- have very proporly stopped in, and won tho approbation of (lie peoplo ; thoy might lmvo passed a law causing tlio Company's steamers to be nlnced under tho Passougers' Act-, and in tliiit enso tlio directors would have been bound to provide for tlio propor treat mont both as to sleeping mid feeding of tlioso they convoyed. Wo linvo not yet laid handed to us a stiiteinont of tlio future scale of oltarges, but wo aro under tlio full iiiiprcsiou tlie steerage lares will ho lowered in tlie Kiinie proportion as those uf tlio cabin — if they should not bo, tlie company will havo committed a grnvo error which tlio sooner they rectify tho bolter for thomsclves. Wo want laborers, but wo shiil never procure them in largo numbers from the South, unless in ease of a great rush, while there iB such an absolute bar to lliuir travelling us the present rate clinvgeil by tlio Company. Tlioso who aro luusst ablo to lcavo Queensland, or to come to it, as tlio case may bo, null who linvo porhaps tho vory bust reasons for changing their seeno of action, are literally uainpollod to stop whoro thoy aro, inactive nnd unemployed, bocauso thoy cimnol raiso suliioiont mentis topuy travelling ohnrgoe. They consequently con sider that tho company, to u certain extent,, control thoir inurements, and deter them from attempting !,u bolter their conditions ; thus thoy regard them witli unfavor- able oyos, and keep aitvo nnd strengthen ill-feelings, tlio ohiof of which would novor havo boon in existoneo ut all, hail a iitttlo moro prudonoo and a groat deal mora liborality boon indulged iu, by tlioso who have hold tho monopoly of water-travailing in thoir builds. Small Coin Retiienohmunts. — Tlio Queensland Times says, " Tlio publio will bo doliglitod to hoar that tlio accession of Air. l'ring to tlio ofiloo of Atlornoy- Gonoral lias boon tlio signal for further retrenchment in tlint dopnrlniont. ALr. l'ring is ovidonUy bout on laying tlio uxo to tho root of the treo, and, in nocord- anoo with tlio maxim of looking woll after the Biiiall 'coins, ho has ordered that tlie Crown law ofilcors shall not any longer be dun-god with tho expenso of sub scription to tho Queensland Times. Wo havo spoken our minds pretty strongly at timos of Mr. l'ring's pro- deeossnr in tho ofltco ; but Mr. Lilloy, with all his faults, is liuithor moan lior vindictive. What may bo tlio ul timate oll'ect on this journal of Air. Friug's wrath so creditably displayed, wo are of course not yot in a po- . sition to statu. We hnvo dotorminod at all hazards, lioivovor, to conlinuo publishing until tho olid of tlio present quarter. Probably by Hint timo tlio liorco linger of the Al.t.ovnoy-U ouornl will havo passed nwny, anil tho annihilation which now sceniB to threaten us will lumpily be averted. Will Air. l'ring in tlio moan .time favor us with instructions as to what wo ought to wrilo ? Wo Bhould ho so happy to oblige him." Wo don't Lltink that tlio iustnnco givon of Air. l'ring's pussionato desire to retrench in tlio small coin line, will coinpol our contompornry lo put up his shultors, nor prevent him frem expressing his opininus with his usual candor. Wo could furnish tlio Editor of tlio Queensland Times with innumerable eases wliero wo havo been rcqnostod lo " discontinue tlio Argus" bo- ouiiso we have had tho imperliuonco lo Bponk our minds, and havo troddon inadvortontly upon sore corns, or pricked consciences whiuh had made cowards of 'llio owners ; in fact we nro so accustomed to tlioso attempts lo compass our destruction, Unit we liectl them no more than eels (according to tlio tishwifo) do skinning. It is a sad pity Hint undor our vory free consti tution and amidst our vory free people, tlio Press should lie compelled to mind its P's and Q's, and lo spouk tlio truth only so far as its renders can bear, without win cing. To be fortunate, proprietors of journals must bo " fine by defect and dulieately weak, ' our infantile community cannot yet boar strong food- nud can only digest soft tucker. , To Bathers. — Our juvoiiilo bntliers who nro so givon to plunge into tlio Filzroy from our whurvos, and to dabble about in tlio water at all timos ami seasons, in spite of tlie many trnrnings given, und tlio numorous accidents tlint have hiippuncd, will perhaps pay some little lieo.l to tbo following story which wo take from tlio Courier Notwithstanding tho ropontod warnings against bathing in tho Brisbane, from tho fact that sharks lmvo been scon as far up as tho oily, a number of persons, mostly juveniles, bnvo persisted in tlio prac tice on both sides of tlio river with impunity until yes terday, whon an iicuidcut ocourrod which ought to bo mi ofi'cclunl warning for nil timo to como. It seems tlmt a numbor of youths (about, a dozen) were bath ing in tlio river, on the North Quay, botwoou Bound ary Bridge nnd APDougnll's, yestordny uftoriiomi, when one of them felt something touch his foot. Ho sung out, and they all made for tlio slioro as quickly us pos sible. Tlio lust one, n youth about 17 years of age, named John Snundurs, wliou about twenty feet from tho bank, was caught, by the right thigh by a sliurk, and it was with dillleully lie got nslioro. When ho reached land it was found tlmt lie had sustained n so- vcro lleslt wound Irom tlio tooth of lite wretch, and ho was taken t) liis father's residence in Cnxton-stroet, 1'etrie-teiTiiee, wliero Dr. Wiiugh was quickly in iiltcii- ih uee, and after bautlagiug tlie wound to prevent fur ther ell'nsion of blood, recommended that thu patient, lie sent t.o llie hospital without further delay, which Wiis accordingly done. AYe undorslaiid that tlio wound, although a deep one, is not considered dangorous, un less unfavorable symptoms set in. Arrivals. — Tlie Rev. J. T. 'Hotting arrived from Rockhamptmi voslerday. The Rev. gentleman is in bud health, and will remain hero a few weeks to try tlio elleet of our salubrious climate. Another Hook- Immploa gentleman, Air. T. Hollas, has also arrivod, but there uro 110 signs of ill-hcullli about him. Glad- stone should ho twice blessed, liotwcen ( swj two such distinguished representatives of tho Bar and tho Gospel — C ads/one Observer. A Nuftial Bath.- Very Extraordinary Scene. — How (oft en docs tlio pleasure bo keenly desired turn out to be illusory wliou realised! few in this world but linvo experienced itow truo i- this relloction'; and quite recently a now married couple in Vieim a received a not very ugrecablo cxporionec of tlio truth. Sonrcly had they left tlio church when tho happy pair departed in a enrringo to enjoy their ' moon and honey for two ' in tlmt delicious country between I'rnguo and Dresden, justly cnllod Hie Switzerland of Snxony. Arrived nt Selmntlau. wliero lory purposed making their first halt, they learned to tnoir dismay tlmt a morning excursion train luui Hooded tbo place with visitors, nud thai every room was occupied in cvory inch of the plnce. Thoy had thoroforo tlio pleasing prospect of passing tlio wo.i- iling night in tlio fields, when a benovoloat Jliotol- keopor, pitying their looks of dismay, conceived tho bright, idea ol putting n mat truss in tlio only bath-room the inn possessed, and thus turning tlio bath-room into a temporary nuptial chamber. At tlio bewitching hour of midnight cries of distress were heard issuing from l lie batli-rooni. " AVlmt can bo tho matter?" said the otlior guests. " Good henvons ! what, tragedy is being otmolcd ?" Lights flow from window to win dow, ono old lady screamed " Fire," mul still more dreadful tilings at the top of iier voice, while threo blooming chambermaids rtishod in scanty ill tiro to the mysterious chamber. What was tho matter? Well t bis. Tlio young bride wishing to ring tho boll for a maid, lmd caught hold of what, site supposed to bo the boll rope, and pulled it. smartly. Unhappily for hor and her spouse, it was tlio cord of the ehotver-bnth abovo their bends, and forthwith down plumped sueh a deluge of cold wator as would throw a damper upon lite most devoted of lioncy mooning couples. Her husband in his dismay caught frantically at another cord on his side of thoir oxleinporised couch, Jbut the only response was an equally liberal deltigo of water, this timo nearly boiling hot. Tlie mi- liuppyj pair boll) screamed in unison, tlio bride, in tho oxcitemont of -tbo moment, uttered een- timeiiLs anything but complimentary to hor spouso. Whon tlio servants camo they ivero just iu time to rescuo tlio unlucky pair from drowning, for tho room was already half full of water, und tlio wifo was. perched liko a monkey on hor husband's buck uttering lamentable cries, while her good mail was fumbling in thu dark, trying to find tho door. Let us hope that the subsequent wedded life of this unfortunato couple may be happier than its commencement. Rather Rich. — A lady was recently obliged lo dismiss hor nurau on account of an excess of private soldiers too often repented. Allot choosing as a successor lo this criminal a very pretty girl, tlio lady oxpluining why tlio first was soul, away, enjoined it on thu second not to do likewise. Slio protosted that site wouldn't. " I can endure u great deal," said tlio lady, "but soldiera about tlio kitchen I won't onduro." After a week or oight days, tlio lady cnao ono morn ing into tlio kitckon, opened a clipboard, und dis covered a youthful military character. " Uli, ma'am ! " cried (lie girl, frightened, "1 givo you my word, I never saw tliut soldier before in all my life; lie must linvo been one uf tlio old ones left behind by tlio otlior girl ! " A G host Story. — Tlie following is from tlie Kiania l'ilot : — Ouo night last weak, u young man wns coining from Slionllmvon, when hn beheld wliut bo boliovos lo have boon a ghost or somothing very liko ono On crossing Alottiit I'loasant, ho was riding leisurely nlong tbo night being dark, but sufileiontly light to enable him to discern objebts, whon, without any pre vious intimation, ilia liorse started at Bomthing. Simultaneously, a Htrnngo noise whtis head, nnd on looking down to tlio sido of tho road lie behold tho Bpocli'c. Tlio head was only visible, nud lie describes it ns being lnrger in sizo than a uow's. Tlio curs were as long ub a person's arm wliilo tho ovos upponrcd ns largo as a mans fist and kept whirling round and round. Tlio liorse immediately Btnrtcd and did not slop till near ICiama. Wo havo been informed that another individual observed something startling on Sunday night, not long ngo, about, tlie small hours- no wns reluming home, and when but ween Mount l'lunsiuiL and Kian-.n, u creature in tlio form of limn, about six feet in hoight, willi blaok stripes down eneii logs, and minus a bend, mndo its nppouronco very near his horsu's bond. The individual lookod nt it, and continued his course, but soveral timos lie noticed it following him at. a brisk pace. lie immodiatoly put spurs to liis horse, and tho ghost tuking tlio hint quiokenod liis pace. They raced for some distance when suddenly tho spectre ' vnnishod into thin air.' Such are thu circumstances as related to us. Wo refrain from giving any opinion on the mnttor. Thoy wore rolutiid to us in nil sincerity on tho night, of tho occurence, and thu witness was very norvous, und " all of a sltake." Infanticide. — A caso of infanticide was yo9torday reported to tlio polieo. Tlio particulars aro briefly us follows : — A young woman unmod Juno GlasB, who cnuio toRrisbano about a month ngo. wont to bonrd at a house in Fortitude Valley wliilo waiting, ob slio said, for a fresh place, having loft her previous situnbon at Gattou. Tlio inmntos of tho house nolicod thnt she was 111 an interosiing condition. They taxod hor with boing so, but site indignantly doniotl tlio acousntion. However, a child was born in tlio liouso a day or two ago, ami stains, of blood being visible lioro and there, suspicions wore aroused, and Miss Glass who was sud denly Inkon very ill, was charged with having given birth to tho infant, which could not for n long time bo found. Tlio police wore sont for, and Sorgciu.it Blake made a Boareli, wlion tlio body of a inalo child, quite dead, was discovered in a box, concealed underneath a hoap of olotlies. Dr. Alullon mndo n. post mortem examination yestordny, tho result of which provos tlint. the child was born nlivo, and died through neglect and other causes. Tlio woman hud to bo taken to tho hospital, ntul is not in a Ut stuto yot to bo removed. — Express. Spring Show. — Tho Spring Sltow of tho East Morut on Fnrmors' Association, which wns bold ia tbo Town Hall on Thursday last, contrasts unfavourably .with otliors which hnvo taken plueo in this oily in forinor years, botli iu tlio quantity and quality ol agricultural produco exhibited, us woll as ia the in terest taken in tho Exhibition itself by tlio public. His Kxcolloncy, in ids opening speech upun tho occa sion, alluded in terms of regret to tho small aticnJaiieo, and to tlio seeming lack of interest takou iu the Exlii- liibiliou by tlio peoplo of Brisbane, whom lie expected to find more keenly alive to their own interests, whiuh wore ident ified with sueh an Institution. There can bo 110 doubt that I119 Excolloncy was perfectly justified iu liis remarks, and wo fully, endorse his opinion that there ought lo have bcon greater interest manifested in this Exhibition, on tlio part of tho town people. But they aro not solely to blame, Tlio farmers tliemsslves — judging by tlio result of tho Show — took but. iittlo interest in it ; and it is thoir apathy alone, wo main- lain, Unit is tlio main causo of tlio Exhibition boing a comparative failure." — Express. New Grown Lands Regulation. — A now regula tion is issued under tlio Crown Lauds Act of 1808, prescribing tlie manner of refunding survoy fees in certain cases, ns follows: — "Applications lor tlio re fundment of survey fees, paid on selections, after tlio oxpiration of threo mont lis from (late of selection, in pursiiatiee of soetion 49 of tho Grown Lands Aliena tion Aot of 1868, will not bo entertained for a period of fourlcon days after tlio Batno are lodgod, so that tlie Govornmont may bo afforded tlie opportunity of com pleting tlio Riirvoy, in cases wliero tlio surveyor wlio may bo ontrustod wit it tlio measurement of tlie lot lias cominoiicod operations on tlio ground ; but when ap plication us aforesaid has been made, and tlio work of survey lias not booh begun. Hie instruction of t ho sur veyor will at once be cancelled, ami authority sought for tlio return of tlio moi.cy to tlio selector nt tlio ex piration of fourtoon days from the date of lodging tlio upp'.ioul ion ." — Con rior. Arnheiyi's Land. — The published reports of Mr. Goodor , tlio Surveyor-General of South Australia, giving an account of iiis labors in Arnlioim.s Lr.iul, in dicate that the preparations for settlement in the North ern Territory are now nearly complete. Although rut.hur lardy in their operations, llio Government is now prepared to carry out its revised offer to Itoidors of preliminary land orders. Air. Ooyderlias surveyed GOO, OUO acres' of laud, 'l itis includes four townships, and tlie romaiiuler is in blocks of 1G0 to 320 acres in each. Tho principal township is nt Fort Point, the second is on tlio river Blaeknioro, tlio third is on Ilia Elizabeth, and the fourth at Fred's Puss. As to the quality of the land, Mr. Goydor (loos not givo a bad account. Tim Adelaide Plains lie did not survey, for tlio very satisfactory ronson that for oight months of tho your thoy nro oovorod with water. But to tlio southward of Mount Charles thoro is ovor a million acres of laud of lino avorogo quality, somo of it poor ami sandy, but somo exceedingly rieli ; most of if is suited lo "llio growth of tropionl or semi-tropical pro ducts, while tlie whole is well gra-sed and watered, and admirably adapted lor depasturing cattle or norso stock. To tlio sunt U oi (lie Fmiiis, and in the direc tion of lite rivers Daly and Victoria, tlio land lis far ns examined continued to improve in character and qua lity, anil 1 ho running streams were moro abundant. As tb minerals, no groat discorory was mndo, though the country seems promising. Samples linvo b.'on brought back of oxide of iron, protoxide of tin, ear- bonato of copper, aud gold. Iron sooms to bo protly genorally distributed. Tito copper was found iiour llio Finnis, tlio tin near the Upper Darwin, mul tlio gold on llio BlncUinoro. As to tlio olimato in tlio fivo months of May, June, July, August, and September, Air. Govdiir found it very lino, and generally delightful — not too hot during llio day, anil invariably cool at night. In tlio other months tlio ulmospboro is more moist, mul the heat, moro intense. On tho project for establishing a depot for shipping liorsos (o ludiu, Air. Goydor makes a separate report. There will not bo the slightest dilli- eulty, lie says, ia walking horses o.i board ship at any Bouson of the year, and there is plenty of luinl within easy reach of tno port udmirably adapted for liorso pasture — woll graBsed hills : nd valleys, witli nbiind: aiieo of timber for sliado and permanent water. The laud south of tlio thirteenth parallel is preferable for slock lo that lying northward and lira. or tho eonst. In tlie lnttor tlie vegotution is more rank — in the former the land is liigtiur, better drained, and the air drior. Alost of tlio grasses may bo readily contorted into liny at tlio end of tlio wot season. Tlio horses of file ex pedition, though worked hard,,- did well. — S. M. Jlsrahl. Admiral ITisk. — The Now York correspondent of the Daily Sews supplies tlio billowing biographical Blietoh of llio famous Air. Jnmus Kisk, bettor known us tho "Admiral," who played so prominent a part in tlio recent "gold corner" operations: — Air. James Fisk first uppcurctl before tlio pabliu us a cirens-ridur. Al though ho gained considerable reputation for jumping through fiery hoops, nud balancing himself upon tlio basks of liorsos, ho had a soul above sucli vulgar triumphs, uud left tlio arena in ordor to engage in commercial pursuits. For soveral years ho travelled through Now Fiiglntul with n pedlar's pack, and traded in wooden nutmegs nnd other Y'nnkuo notions. But still his nmbit'on was not satisfied. Ho was born for hotter things, and exchanged bis pack for a stool iu tlio ollieo of Air. Drew, who then shared tlio railway throne with Commodore Yander- bilt. His shrewdness soon attracted the attention of liis principal, and, having acquired a little money, lie gave up liis clerkship, and, witli tlio aid of Air. Draw, became nn " operator " in Wall street. As lio wns intelligent and perfectly unscrupulous, lie was em- ployoil by many persons to do thoir dirty work, anil to bear tlio abuse which followed dolccliou. In the courso of liis business lio made tlio ncquniutniico of a certain Jay Gould, a third-rate stock-brokor, and of a pettifogger of t lio name of Lane. Tlioso three worthies, liko tlie two centurions of Tacitus who dotorminod to revolutionize' tho homan Empire, dotorminod to mnko themselves absoluto possessors of tho Erio Railroad ; ami, liko tho ecuturions, thoy succeeded. The won- (ioiTiil niancoiivres by which three obscure individuals became musters of n wenlthy railroad company nro too well known. At present Air. Fisk, Air Gould, nnd Alr.JLano form an executive committee, who manipu late nil tlio finances of tho Erio Company, and wlto own besides a lleot of steamers. They keep u judge in their pay to interpret tlie law in their favour, and thoy nro nblo to carry any now law whioh thoy may icquiro through the State Legislature at Albany. Although tlio ouriiings of tlio Eric Railroad must be largely in excess of tho expenditure, thoy pav tlioir shareholders no dividonds. All tlio money tlint comes into the oxulioqucr is dovotod to corrupting officials and judgos, and making purchases for tlie oompnny by wliioli tiiey enrich thcmselvos. Tlie direc tors of soveral English lines of railroad do not onjoy tlio absolute confidence of their shareholders ; but what would bo said if tlio chairman of an English railroad wero to buy tlio Ooiivont Garden Thuutro, sell it for doublo (ho amount which lio paid for if to tlio company, transact business in tho green room, und carry on an opora with tlio proceeds of liis rail- ro. d? Yet this is wluit. lins been dono by Air. Fisk. Tlie ofliues of tlio Erio railroad are in that excellent freehold which lie sold to tho company, the " Grand Opora House," and tlio money of tlio Erie shareholders goes lo keep up n theatrical company. Englishmen who lmvo invested their money in tho lino will bo glad to hour tlmt their entorprising president recently pro- ducod Sardou's comedy of' Putrio" in a very credit- ablo manner, nnd that nt tho prasout monionf thoir money is employed in reviving tho legitimate drama by tho representation of one of Slinkospenro's plays. Thoro is a species of royal box, in which on most oven- ings Air. Fisk is to bo scon dealing out hospitality from a woll- furnishod bullet, to his frionds and admirers. A Romance of the City. — Tlio City tins a roman tic as woll as a business Bide. Every morning one of tho suburbnn traiiiK brings to the station nt London Bridgo n gentleman now feeble from ngo, but who for- merly was woll known for liis personal activity, anj who has alwuys hold a dreadful sort of reputation among tlint inrga class of poraons who nro slrugeliiiL' with impeouiiiosity. This gontlomau line acquired a largo fortune as n discounter, and in this profession ho ins "'wnys mode it a practice to require liis exact "gilts. Not long ago a roBpeutnblo but unfortunate traitor, for whom lie had discounted a considerable II, us lio lmd o fl on dono before, wan nimble lo moot ins acceptnnco when it fell due. Ho applied for a fnm,lt n "" l,m' for liborty t0 W 111 P«rt, but lio n. ri0' r rurny "or consideration from tho harsh- or his creditor, nor scarcoly civil language. Ruin like? f l" 'I' i' ' bis bu8'nt'«s and Intuit < r-.-.-mod !m ,bro'to". "P- In this extremity i,i, eldest child, a givl of nineteen, volunteered to make n IiibI appeal for timo, also taking with hor (iwUn'of tho debt, and she Blurtod on her uiOBBUgrjjio feelings tlmt may bo supposed to prevail frsnst of a forlorn hope." She hnd to wait .'or n interaiow and was gruffly roeeivotl, but slio pleaded gentlvyet bo'.dly and bo far prevailed as to bo told u call again in tho aftornoon. Sho did so, nnd then, without paying a farthing site rocoivod back the bill, and along with it an oiler of marriage thoro and thuu as so good a daugh ter would tnalto an excellent wifo, and so on. It was now llio young lady's turn ; of courso slio could not. think of such a tiling, but slio would ask liar fullior and mother. To mnko llio story short, tho old dis counter proved tho most impatient of lovem, tho girl accepted him, and in less than n month tlio two were husband nnd wife. Tile father was aided with effect, uud llio daughter, if she has sacrificed hor youth, lins at least llio grateful rolloetion that slio saved hor parents. Slio is now doing good in a Surrey villago, and her husband, wliilo ub oxnut a man of business an 9 ovor, is showing moro of tho milk of human kindness in tlio Oily than hu was over reputed to do before. This reads like a wull-wor i romance but it is onlv ,i plain and truthful record. — Correspondent of thu A', M. Dailu Mail. ASAliY farming. — XJaliy lurmuig pays m lfranco. Just now — lo say nothing of tlio Savoyards who curne to l'uris during llio Benson to sweep tlie chimneys, and who supply us with thu " inusio of tho future " uftor tlioir work is done — thoro is a storm getting up as to tlio manner young Franco is reurod. Rocontly tho humane woro moved by tlio discovery of a little boy and girl, aged six nnd Ion years respectively, who wero omploycd in a factory from four in tlio morning till tlireu in tho aftornoon watching tho run ning of molten glass from a furnace; who know no Sunday rest, no holiday relaxation, a duy, forgetting in Llio act of all pity, justicq, and honor. Tlio ovii is not the greatest hero. It ia in Bending llio infants out to nurse, for tlio trailing and working classes rnroly rear their Iittlo ones. It is a liorriblo industry, nud kills more Imbios than croup or cholera. A doctor 1ms stated tlmt ovory infant scut to (lie ordinary nursing grounds in Normandy was con dam nod to death. In no department of Franco is tlio infant death rate undor 30 per cent, nnd ofton amounts to 83. Nurses are lined and imprisoned for their neglect, or rather their inhumanity. A rng, soaked in BUgar and water, is given lu the iittlo strangor lo suck nutriment us bust it can ; u drop of opium quiets tho noisiest ; and tlie doctors appointed to report, on tho huultli of tlio infants aro chased awny by lite nurses with broom sticks. When a child dies there is no sorrow. Bah! says its curctaker, it is only a petit Paris that ono enters. A commission will bo uppoinlod to inquire into these abuses, and tbo law still made more strin gent to cpruss Ilium. 