? :;SJL UilIP-TU'«Hfi BIAHiSAK. V t Qti'&ah; iof :tb.ose bright?^»Ti* peculiarly triplrt=in.' 'Australia ifiai *he'' ibonth xn )e«Hnber) J BrAwn aud Ii started' on a ^ltftd th'e'BUn6««it 'vaSiving pt^r&nsly;: Jhfornied JoU'the'ieaiiBBttiwaf to jget to Tort' ?A^UBt»;and'iw^9t you will .se? when 7tn6rW l'f»«^ simply, state, thnfc Brown- and! did our best on board the Mnval Shtofaard fiteaaierto keepxin our legs, tbete being ii rather rough sea on, and consequently a good deal of knock - iiijr abbbt.' -Hariog at liwt arrived at Port Augusta, we bethought ourselves frhicb would be the1 best way to get to the filinman. After a long and vuccesB ful search, we found a waggonette and tiro horses at One of the hotels, kept by a Scotchman, who with ' that care for which Mb countrymen are blamed, seemed froin the appearance of his horses to be : *a'snnnri(r in the oats. aB he was liberal in the whip_cord, as their' backs be tokened. However,' we could do- no better than engage tbift team, with which we' proposed to start next morning. Port Augusta seemed to be liv Her than when we were here lint; this may be accouBtod for by the Boiling Down Establishment ; having jast stopped tor the season, and the/ present proprietors ; (unlike their predecessors) having promptly settled with all the men in their employ, who on our visit were knocking about town, and to all appear ance, doing themselves more harm, and putting more money into the pockets pi the publicans than there waB anyactnal neoessity. for. Since our last 'visit' we may mention that. one or two buildings ?have, ..been put up, mostly for private ttwplltags ; one shop, however, we noticed going up, and at one of the hotplB. they Are building a large room, but whether fori billiards or oysters, we hive been imivble to ascertain. We noticed that Mka in this oart of the colony, the velocipede seems to1 have found its way. One of the storekeepers we saw trying to make h» way through the main street1 on one, evidfenttyprbud1 of his maBtery dvfer'histwb^heeled steed, the cynosure of beholding eyeB. The ladies could hardly repress their admiration, while the small boys gave vent to their appro To! in vigorous gesticulations, such as to ' Go it; Old Hbss !' &c;, &c;, when sad to' relate, down came the horseman to Mother Earth, the 'spectators rushed to his assistance, and it -Was found that he was unhurt. To' add to the effect of his _-.:»!«-. mft-if savnmtl fntilo Rttfimnta to mbunt his bicycle, without assistance, he whs obliged to be helped up, when obey, ing the American direction to the Teloci pedist, 'To straddle yoar saddle, then paddle and skedaddle,' he moved from the scene « sadder and wiser man. ., 'This remSad«d as forcibly of *. parody, we hav« heard on Lord Xovell,it was something like the following:— ! VJELOCIPEDAL. LordLavewell he stood by the garden gate With We shiniiie velocipede. . And whispered farewell to his Lady Belle, Who wished for his Lordship's good speed. ' When wUl you be back, Lord LoveweiW' she sai^'; But he gave to her qaestion no heed— Placed his feet in his stirrups, and galloped ? -kway ??;'???? On his famous velocipede. Then Lady Belle cried in frantic alarm; ' What a monster my Lord is Indeed, To riae thus away from his loving young wife, On that horrid volocipede.' Lord Loveweii returnea, tirojcen-nearcea ana BrftVefc-inned. and.iUBl broiten'-icneeM ; For he' struok on a post, nearly gave up the ghost, ??!.?'.?? And : smashed fcii velocipede. . . ?'???? ? ? ? . iottii. ; ? Bemember the fate Lord Loveweii had met, iLat tbU be'yonr warning and creed: — . Stay at home with your wife, for the rest of ? : ?. your life, i: !?? ?! . ?? And beware of the velocipede. . 'Next ' nornicg we had our horses put in at an' early hour, and havintr in the coriveVa'ue* ;the: cfpatiife chmfbrtB re quired forineWad,'BrbwnandI started for the Blinman. Passing oh through Stirling' wo found the tbads'very lieavy, the North having at the time been visited by one of the heaviest floods they have had for some yearsjthe country between Stirling ' and Kanyaka, being on the platiia, all nearly under water. When we' arrived, ii Willochra, the creek bearing that naJme' was some seven feet deep, and 'consequently we found it impassible to 'cross. We found «n the Bouth eide of it some thirteen drays :1oaded with stores For the north/ ; ). , W» got a bnllopk-driver to'swim otir jhorses across to lie «t her* aide, pn which 'stands the Willochra Hotel, where we igot them .comfortably stabled. On the , south side we also foand two commercial jtraVellnrs, and on the other aide a soft- , jstoods-man, who had been stuck there 'for three days, and who, on our arrival, wasramusing himself watching the rush* ingof the water, and smoking i a short black day, the latter «f which seemed to pteahehini best.: ?? ?? ????-. : -,???? ; Oarifirst thoughts were ' the comfort ?of the inner man, with the means of gra tifying which' we . iwrnre badly prondfid ?? !bowe»er, through' the kindness ^ Mr. Eaglass, the proprietor of the Wi]lpchra run, our -minds- weresdbn put to rest on this point, as: he kindly invited as to come to his ionse, and he .would make us am- comfortable -,as r- «ircumstanc,es wonldrpermit;.' and certainly, we. p^nnot fipeak too highly, of the kiha^ess, of both Mr, andifrs, Eoghiss ;' they 3id everyr,' th?JBB ia tbeLPi power, , tp. . spa^e, us 'com.^ fortablei.a^d we mnst say. that ^vipg our anxiety about the creek) .yrf-. .njsif j\ spent two pleasanter daj^e in .the North. The means of commamcattdn with* the other side ofnthe creek wen, in some: cases, amusing; bat, certainly, of all the contrivance* we have fees the one adopted, by the twi(- commerj^siB aftjlwed fns talnii^hey^i^vhit^^j^ germed ?}: f-ronbd whin' Jrit cpnsjated ,of '? jrqpe. critb an iron weight, fitteohoi to it, which they threwtojthe fioft-gopdg»BWa6n the other* aide, wjjo, ia his. turn, ,witji jthe assistance' of the publican and others, tied bottted_beer .on tathje rope, which was Ithen drawn steadily ? across, . and added much to our [comfort on jihis, side, A fter waiting at th- Willoohra for two anys, we; were aoie to eet across, witn the assistance of th i Jbul lock- drivers and their cattle. We bund the roads very heavy to £anyaka- hut above this place they; began to improve.. ; Arkaba is 28 miles from Eanyaka,:' and this place we reached the third day from Willochra, It consists of a store, eating-house, etc., which is certainly not one of the most comfortable spots in the. North. :Our next place of call was Willpinn, which, like the former place, consists pf ashore and eating-house. , xtam Here vre tra velled over 40 miles of the jr'or^t 'road of all, \and at sundowa arrwd ' at the Blinman. Here we found one, very large store, with a stock out of which you can be supplied with any tiling from Hol lnnan Pilln tn an nxfi-linnrlic : or. from a ichest of drawers to colonial wine. Opposite to this there is a public- house, which is not much to look at, but which we found one of the most comfortable North. There are one or two houses besides, and this township has the name of the South BUnjinan. .The North BHhmsn (or Mine |3V-wa«Hp as it is called) is distant about\2 miles from the, others, and we -houldi:is!iy is about, six. times the size of it. v There- we found three stores, :all well filled wjibh goods, and a public-house, thelatter, w« thoubgt, most wretchedly, kept. There are besides a brewer, a photographer, several blacksmith's, baker's; butcher's, Ac, and all the other necessary trades to supply a township, we should sav, ofNtbout 800 UiunvivauiD, ; .. ? - ? - .-?-? , . It may seem strange to Ypn that, after coming all this way^ *e didiiot go over the mine; biit, being total strangers, and not having tnining mttch at heart, we contented oureelves by looking at it in the -distance: A private Theatre liss been organised at the Mine Township, and we did hear that a large, ;order had; been seat to town for white kid gloves, but whether for the boxes at the Theatre, or for a catting ball, we did not ascertain. Weare,howwer,ast6nwhed. to find a toVi»sJtfpiUfjtttch ; msffnitude, and in such a flodnihing condition, sv far, removed from Adelaide, and clearly shows what can be done in a young colony by a few putting their Baoulder to the wheel. 