rf=F THE San Francisco AUa California gives an account of the experience of aGtermanwbo was supposed to have died !h that city, and whose body was immediately removed and placed in the drad-house attabhed'to the hospital in .which'hehad ^heen;uni3er treatment: —" The body was' deposited' in a case where two other bodies < had already been placed, and between them. ;!Tbe cover was put on, and the keeper of the dead-house retired far the night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of the most unearthly character was heard in the dead-house. The keeper of the dead-house was sought after, but, being aware of what be was required to do, he sought concealment, preferring' to let the ghosts fight it out among themselves rather than attempt to become peacemaker. When at last he was prevailed upon to proceed to the dead-house and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, whose life had been a few hours previously pronounced extinct, and who had been dressed in the robes of the dead, stood before him. The keeper fainted outright, while the terrified German rushed headlong through the long halls and corridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as he went. Some more courageous than the rest caught and arrested him In his frantic career, but the next instant the poor German fell on the floor in a fit. The physician was sent for, and restoratives used, by which he was restored to consciousness. How he felt when he returned to consciousness we give as he told it himself:—'Veil, ven I got sick and vas in bed, that day the doctor came to me and said I was very sick. He vent away, and after he vent I fell asleep. I knew nothing more till I voke in the night, and there vas no light. I put out my hand, and I could get no bed clothes, for I vas cold. I den put my hand to vone side to try for the bedclothes, and och, vat you tink I got—vy a ded man! Dere be vas, cold enough, sure. I roared mid all the power I had, and vas going avay by the other side, ven, sure, I put my basd on another. Then I roared, and called, and cried out all I could, and ven I vas getting up my head struck a board that vas covering me. Ob," said I, " vot does this mean, vere am I ? Am I ded ? and I roared, and bawled, and threw ofi the cover, and jumped about as if I vas mad. And I knocked at the door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would open it for me, and I thought I vas ded myself. I vas not shure. I had the ded man's dress on me. At last the door opened, and ven I looked at the man vat opened it he fell down mid fear and I ran till I vas caught. Then I fainted ) and ven I come to myself I thought it vas a dre am. But it is as true as I am here.'" 