EMU CREEK GOLD-FIELD. ("prom our correspondent. July 25. — Tho attnosphcro is clonrer to-day and hopes aro entortnined that tho incessant rain wo had last week will not repeat itsolf. Tho roads to hero aro again almost impassable, and prices of all sorts of supplies aro rising again vory fast. AYo had a severe frost last night-. Tho usefulness of tho southern mail is com pletely destroyed by tho presont or Into nrmngo- tnonts, which" were made, I beliovo, on account of tho most palpable misrepresentations advanc ed by tho mail' contractor botweon Young nnd Forbes, in ordor to efl'oct tho alteration, which is only beneficial to himself. AVo used to ho with in six days 'of Yass, Goullnirn. Gundagai, Ac., that is, by posting a letter on Sunday its reply reached hero tho following Saturday. Besides, wo havo completely lost tho advantages of direct communication through tho Sunday despatch to Sydney. A moro complote or useful system than tho old one wo could scarcely wish to havo had, and wo nro as tonished to find unreasonable regulations for the arrival and despatch of lottors by tliat routo so suddenly forced upon us, and, it is said, through a petition, signed by a few unsuspicious indi viduals. As already stated, tho most palpablo misrepresentations wcro tho work of the present mail contractor, and tho petition was hawked anoiu i or sllilulllirua oy una. xiiu jiruauni communication with tho nbovenamed places takes noarly doublo tho old timo ; letters posted on Sunday "do not obtain a reply till tho Wcdnos- dny morning of tho following wook. Tho reasons aro simply theso : .letters and papers arriving at Young on Friday from tho south lio there till Tuosdny at noon, whon they aro despatched, to arrive lioro nt G p.m., nnd lottors and papers arriv ing in Young from Yass, Ac., on Tuesday, aro de tained there till Friday, at noon, and aro then de spatched to arrive hero at G p.m. ; thus tho routo is made useless, and our communication with tho south quito valuoloss, since overy partiolo of news or information wo can obtain quicker by tho roundabout lino of road via Cowra and Bathurst. It is clear, therefore, by tho now rulo wo reap no benefit bnt eompleto waste of timo nnd money, while -tho previous postal arrangement mado tho southern lino tho most preferable of t-ho two, with tho exception of tho Friday doparturo from hero to Young, which might have boon judiciously altered to Thurs day. 1.30. p.m. Tiio contract, too, on that lino is most carelessly carried out. Tho mails, ovnn whon good roads and bright- days aro frequent, arrive' iicro nt nil hours but the proper ono, and rarely less than twenty- four hours after timo. I am rather surprised that tho bench and local postmaster havo not yet reported that fact to tho proper authorities, and sought somo remedy. A now mail contractor nnd tho old tiino-tnblo (with the above alteration as to Thursday in preference to Friday in doparturo to Young) would certainly bo a gront improvement. It sooms obvious, too, that 'our local postmaster, Mr. Middloton, who, I am poiToctly justified in saying, possesses moro oxpcrionco and knowledge in these mnttors than theso bush mail contractors (a misnomer— it ought to lio extenders — as tlioy strotch tho time f munrulc Knvrnifl inch vnticnn nv nnncfA should not havo boon consulted before the lute alterations wero completed and enforced, as lam persuaded ho would havo prevented by his re port such a serious injury to tho effectiveness of tho intercolonial postal servico. Tho rain lias to somo extont affected mining matters, as carting, and, of course, crushing and puddling, had to ccnso. Prospecting too on web days cannot ho carried out with any show of vigour, hence tho "Native Dog" is not proved yet-, though a report that Renting uiul party struck paying gold there was current yesterday, nnd seemingly with some truth. At present- tho Frenchman's takes tho attention of the minors, and taking up and shophording shares thero is tho order of the day. It is soventy to eighty feet sinking, one and one nnd a half foot of wash, its width is not ascertained yet, giving throe grains to a pennyweight and a half to tho dish. This "idly is taken tip to an immenso distance. Tho head of Stewart's Gully is also taken up for nearly a mile and a half, sinking 170 foet, and producing oxcollont wash, a trial washing of four load's ofdirt out of tho first bottomed shaft brought threo ounces oightocn pennywoights. Tho Quondong ranks still as high as ovor in alluvial. AVl'iat was considered worked out ground is taken up nnd produces dim yielding to ovor ono ounce to tho load. Tiio Soven-milo is ro-rnshod nnd somo hold it in very high estim ation. J ust three years ago, I wrote to you and told you that this placo was scarcely oven in its infancy, and I am glad that my words havo been proved true. The into discoveries of roofs and immonso alluvial tracts havo borno mo out ill my previously advnnced opinion as to this field, and may perhaps servo as a sound basis for this statement, that Emu Creek is still in its infancy as a gold- field, that tho population as it advances in years will lie larger proportionately than in tho first venrs, that tho roofs now in work will bo augmented by others, perhaps richer ones, and that alluvial leads (though thero might, as is fre quently tho case in this branciiof mining, creep in u lull) will increase in nurabor and ground now and old will ho workod profitably lor long years to come, perhaps whon tho writer of this will bo forgotten. Tho cry of a year or two ago,, tlia j tliis placo was worn nnd worked out, was ns un founded as it was ridiculous. This field nilurds ; many a nico and comfortable home to many 1 a few short years irgo despairing minor and ids family, nnd it is not too much to say that it will continue to do so to others lor years to come. | Anyono who had seen this place in November, 1.8GG, nnd can look upon it now must bo '-struck with tho conviction that- what thou appeared a completodesert or wild hush-tract, with scarcely a horso track, not to mention u road for vehicles, ! to lead tiio strangers or travellers to tho ro- ported El Dorado, is now a eompleto centre oi civilisation, with not only substantial business j plticos in streets ntul lanes, churches nnd oilier i useful institutions, but its suburbs aro studdod with tho most inviting flower and fruit gardens j nttnehed or in front of vory pretty and comfort able cottages. Its extended lends with their claims, nnd busy hands like bees or ants toiling day after day uncoasingly, liorsos in whims or whips, quartz roof claims aliko busily alivo and nt work, horsemen and carts running and gallop ing ns if thero was no timo to spare, puddling mncliines, toms, nnd slnico boxos going, nnd tho whirr nnd whistlo of many crushing machines, nil show that tho spot was designated to romniii the resort of civilisation. AYhenover Providence points out tho means of advancement to the human race, thoso who aro once in pos session feel loatli to quit thorn, cnticod though tlioy may bo very ol'ton by real or imaginary benefits. AVhoro once tiio pioneer's step lias touched a path thousands of feet aro sure to follow. I must refer again to Messrs. Fyno and Vaughn as m 'istratos, and give thorn great credit for the!. .mi iring exertions in their magis terial duties. Last Tuesday and Thursday wcro vory cold, bleak, and rainy days, and tho misorublo condition of our Court-house, which I took occasion sovoral timos to obsorvo, being open oil all sides, affording to wind and rain room to havo their full play, evon worse than outside, has not diminished, hut rather increased by tho oflluxion of timo. Tho causo list was a very largo one, most of tho cases being very wearisome and tiresome, but tho two ubovo- named gentlemen sat thero patioiit-ly, oven by candlelight on botli days, in order to finish tho business for disposal, being well acquainted with tho habits and modo of lil'o of tho peoplo of this district, and knowing that a day wasted is ton shillings lost to any working man. I may say that their ondeavours nro gonorally and univer sally appreciated. Two men foil down an old shaft, thirty foot doop, opposito tho Albion Ilotol, last Thursday midnight. Luckily for them thoy sustained no injury to life or limb, with tho oxcoption of a thorough shuking. Tlioir coooos wero hoard, and , soon attracted a sufficient number of peoplo with ropes, and Dan, tho billiard- markor, with groat oourago wont down, and with tho nssistanco of constables Thompson and Fitzpatrick brought thorn to tho surface. Drink was the causo of tho nccidont. I herewith givo you tho commercial report of Messrs. McLennan and Co.: — "Horses: Wo havo sold this wook nt our salo yards — hacks, £2 lGs. Gd., £3, £5 12s., £5 1-ls. ; medium draught, £9 to £10. A mob of unbroken to nrrive — inclemency of weather boing cnuse of tiio non-arrival. A lot of primo fat wothors aro under ofl'or subject to approval of prico nnd woight. Produce market: This week tho flour market lias boon vory fluctuating. Sovoral small parcels havo arrived — price, £17 per ton,- with an up ward tendency. Sold corn at Os., 7s., and Gs. per bushel ; oats, 7s. nnd 5s. Gd.. per bushel ; chaff, £9 to £8 por ton ; butter, lOd. and Is. per lh.; cheese, none offering; host bacon, fid. per lb., and medium, Gd. per 11). " I must point out to farmers and others tho stato of the roads and tho wofltlior, nnd warn them if thoy (lo not possess staunch cattlo, not to attempt tho journey hero: but if tlioy havo such, a trip in timo will' pay them. Tho Adelong peoplo liavo boon early in tho movement to lay beforo tho Gold Commission somo plan to act upon in mining legislation, but their propositions'will scarcely moot with general approval. No minor complains of a feo for a uunurs j j ijuiiuu ime i a uv»tiv i i yn is quito unnecessary, because tho fee gives him tiio standing, and tho higher tho rato tl.o more important hi a position. Locid hoards ought not to 1)0 established without tho signature of at loast 800 bona fide miners. Mr. Baker, siuoo lio is commissioner, as reported in tho Empire, seems to havo accepted somo of my recommendations in mining legislation, as to central bonrds and appeal courts, just as oxpoundod by mo somo timo ago in your columns. As to otlior matters, ho is too unacquainted with the workings of gold-fields to know how ridiculous ho apponrod with his graphic statomont that the extent of ground should increnso with tho labour and capital cxpondod. Thus ovory minor would acquiro miles of auriferous tracts in a very short timo. Of conrso all theso foolers aro givon in tho name of tho Commission, bnt wc know who is tho writer of those articles in tho Empire. Municipal Boundaries. — Somo individuals having circulated fallacious statements as to tho boundaries doscrihod in tho Yass petition, wo make the following extract from tho Munici palities Act, to show that certain conditions havo to bo complied with, and that tho boundaries nro restricted to certain limits;: — "S. Tho munici palities constituted under this Act shall ho divided into, two classos to ho designated respectively 'Boroughs' and 'Municipal Districts' — (1.) A Borough may consist of — (1) Any city or town with or without its suburbs or country imme diately adjacent thoroto (2) Any suburb of tho metropolis as nt presont incorporated (3) Any populous country district' But evory such Borough shall havo a population of not loss than ono thousand souls and shall not upon its first in corporation contain an area of more than nine square miles of which area no one point shall be moke than six milks distant prom any other point. Tho boundaries of tho area at first proposod to bo incorporated in the Yass petition wero in places fifteen or sixteen miles apart, nnd it boenmo nooessary to rodnco them so ns to comply with tho statnto. This reduction was offected by Mr. Edwards, liconsod surveyor, and wo beliovo the object aimed at by him in striking tho proposed boundaries was to include tho most populous locnlitios that could ho brought within tho six miles restriction, and to exclude unoccu pied Crownand unimproved lands where possible. The Commercial Bank. — Tho usual lialf- yoarly report of tho directors of this hank appears in another column of to- day's paper, nnd contains tho usual gratifying proof of tho result of careful management. Notwithstanding tho lato and prosont depression in commercial affairs, the not profits for tho half-year enabled tho directors to decluro tho usual dividend of 15 por cent, with a bonus of 5s. por share, equal, wo believe, to 17 por cent. Yass Court op Petty Sessions. — Thero was no business boforo tho bench on Wednesday last-, with tho oxcoption of nil application (or tho transfer of a liconso for a public-houso in Wlieeo, from Mr. Jamos Johnson to Mr. Brodriok. Mr. Allman (acting for Mr. Cnnnon, of Goulburn), applied for a postponement of the matter in order that tho parties concerned might ho in attendance. Their worships (Dr. Blake and Mr. W. Mclionn) postponed tho hearing of tho application for a fortnight. District Commissioner op Insolvency. — Mr. Leopold Yates, Clerk of Potty Sessions, Yass, lias lieon appointed Commissioner of Insolvent Estates for t-lio Yass district. The Lands Department. — Mr. M. O'Connor Blake (son of Dr. Blake, of this town), lias been appointed a draftsman of tho 3rd class in tho oliico of tho Surveyor- General. Agents for the Sale op Crown Lands.,— The undermentioned gentlemen havo boon appointed agents for tho sulo of Crown lands for tho dis tricts mention oil in connection with their re spective namos :— Mr. Leopold Yatos, Yass ; Mr. F. W. Vynor, J.P., Tumut, The. Proposed Iron Bridge oyer the Yass I River.— I r»n -work for t he above liuidg.- continues j to arrive almost daily from Sydney. Tho j process ot lakinu' tho upstream girder to pieces is not vet completed, nor will bo lor a consider able time t" come at the present rate of progress. The Yass Foundry. — Several large pieces ol cast-iron work for t ho machinery at the \3 oolgarlo Lead Mines wero turned cut atthonbovo foundry Yesterday in a very satisfactory manner. Yass Mutual Improvement Society. — On Tnesdav ovening la-t tho members of tho Yass Mechanics' Institnto Mutual Improvement Society mot at their moms as usual. Thero was a good attendance. The vice-president occupied the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting wero read and confirmed, after which business of a gonoral character was arranged. Mr. Moses was then called upon to read un essay upon the "Tho benefits of good counsel." At tho conclusion of tho rending several members criticised tho production ; and the essayist replied. Tho Rov. John Gibson then rend n paper on " Tho advantages of Debating Societies which appears in full in nnothor column, at tho conclusion of which un unanimous vote of thanks was awarded to tho rov. goiitlonian. A do'oato was announced for tho next mooting, — subject, "Ought Assisted Immigration to bo encouraged." To 1)0 oponod by Mr. J. D. Gibson tit tho negative, and by Mr. Mulhollaiid in tho aflirma- tivo. Petty Pilfering.— TIardly a day passes with out complaints being mado 1)' Yass residents of losses from tlioir 'wood-heaps. Thero is no doubt that tho wonthor is unusually soyero and t ho roads unexcoptionnlly bad, hut, notwithstand ing. there seems to ho no suliicient reason why such petty roguery should 1)0 so provident. Perhaps u successful capturo might mend mnttors. Tiie Weather. — Wodnosday provod nn excep tion to tho fino wonthor which lias prevailed for the last few days, and did its best to reduco tho streot-s to the stato of mnd which unfortunately has obtained (with only occasional intermissions) sinco April. Yostordoy wns a fino sunny day. The streets nro' in a terribly bad stato, notably Cooma-stroet, and in Cooma-stroet-, most notablo of had places, tho lagoon of tenacious mud just opposito tho Union Flour Mills. Yass District Exhibits por the Intercolonial Exhibition. — Wo understand that Mrs. Putcrson (of Illalong) has contributed several watoreolour drawings of Australian flowors nnd birds, as exhibits at tho forthcoming intercolonial gather ing. From what wo know of tho merits of Mrs. Pntorson's artistic productions we fully expect to sue her namo highly placed (amongst the suc cessful competitors for prizes aiul certificates of honourable mention. It is quito likely that the careful colouring nnd truthful rendering of details in all her ornithological sketches will obtain for tho nboYo mentioned lady somowhnt more than " intercolonial " fame. The Excelsior Minstrels. — On Wednesday evening Mossrs. llussov, Holly, and Co.'s minstrels gnvo nil entertainment in tho largo hull of tho Mechanics' Institute, which, considering tho inclement character of tho woathor, was well j attended. On this occasion tho hall was most comfortably seated, and much bettor lighted than ' on previous occasions when used ; thero aro still wanting, however, a couplo of chandeliers, which wo understand tho committoo of tho institnto in tend procuring whon tho necessary funds aro available. Tho minstrels aro seven in number, and tlioir performances on Wednesday well sus tained tho high reputation thoy have achieved in tho towns which they have visited in this and in tiio neighbouring colony of Victoria. Their chorus singing is very lino, wliiio tho solos aro equally ellcctivcly rendered. " Ring tiio Bell, Watchman " (led by T. Campbell), " Annie of tho Valo" and "Thou -art so, near" (both by II. Acklnnd), and "Lily oi' tho Lake" (J. Newton), wero each loudly applauded and deservedly so. In sovoral instances encores wore called for. Holly's dancing was so much admired that tho nudionco wero clamorous for his return, and succeoded in bringing him again upon tho stage. "Tobias and Biancas " (Hussoy) occasioned vast amusoinent, and resulted in a warmly expressed encore, whon Husscy gnvo an oqually mirth- stirring and exceedingly comical song. Alio instrumental part of the performances proved that tho minstrels nro accomplished musicians — the cornet-playing of Mat Mnretzic and tho violin-playing "of J. Nowton boing unusually ex cellent, and in a violin solo by tho latter an encore was accorded. Tho ontortaininont closed with tho farco of " A Ghost in a Pawnshop," in which Mossr3. Campbell, Holly, nnd Ilussey took part. Last evening (Thursday) the niinstrols gavo a second ontortainmont, when thero w us ail ontiro change in tho programmo. Tho day having boon fair, nnd tho lniuidy thoroughfares some what improved, tho large hall was well filled by a happy nnd most rospoctablo audienco. To night (Friday) another performance is to ho given, of which. tho programmo appears in nn othor column. Woolgarlo Lead Mining Company. — Tho second hnlf-yeariy meeting of this company took placo in tho Chatnbor of Commorec, Sydney, on the 20th instant. Mr. II. Frinco occupied tho chair. Tho following report was read :— Tho directors regret that tlioy are not yet in a position to re port t.iio attainment of thoso satisfactory results which, six months ago, tlioy felt reasonably en- t-itlod to expect. During tho month of April tliroo of tho directors visited tho minos, when thoy saw much in tho property itsolf to give tlie'in satisfaction, but, at tho samo timo, acquired, in somo rospects, an unfavourable impression as to tho local liianngomont. About two wooks after tlioir visit, namely, on tho 2Gth of April, tho groat flood occurred in the Yass River, and produced vory disastrous ofl'oets nt Woolgarlo, carrying away, to a considerable distanco, all tho crushing and dressing machinery, rendering nsoless tho ono working furnace, and destroying t-ho two others tlion in course of construction. Tho manager's residonco, with all its contents, was completely swept away, nnu tno smuts, though above flood-mark, wore moro or loss filled with water. Two or throe smullor floods occurred after this, und tho weather, for somo timo, continuod so had that littlo ndvantago could havo been gained by an attempt to resumo operations. Boforo deciding upon a now sito for tho dressing works, the directors doeinod it pru dent to obtnin professional advice, both upon that point and also, so fur as might ho practicnblo, upon tho general character of nil tho provions , operations. With this viow, tlioy employed Mr. | II. A. Thompson, whoso report, wliiio supplying tho information specially required, fully sustain ed tho ostimates previously formed of tho value of tiio property. Tho directors havo thought proper to disponso with tho servicos of Mr. English, tlioir late manager, nnd will "probably content themselves with dressing the oros for tho English market, nnd dofer smelting until in receipt of somo roturns from this source. Mean while tho stack nnd main flue remain intact, with an ample supply of fire bricks for uso whenever thoy may bo requirod. Fortimatoly for tho com pany, tho machinery, though washed away, was not lost-. Tho grontor pnrt of it lias boon re covered, with but littlo damago, and is now being rapidly reconstructed on a moro suitable site, woll abovo tho highost point reached by tho lato flood. Sinco tho work of reconstruction was commenced, about lour weeks sinco, tho woathor has been favourable, satisfactory progress lias been made, and there is good reason to beliovo that by tho oiul of August crushing and dressing will again ho proceeding actively and continu ously.' A contract 1ms boon made for tho car riage of oros from Yass to Sj'dney, at £2 2s. 3d. po" ton, including trainagc. Tim carriage of load, however, will cost, including tho prosont railway charge, £3 8s. Gd. per ton. Tho directors feel 1 nippy in stating that thoy retain the utmost confidence in tho intrinsic valuo of tho initio, aiul fully beliovo that tho misfortunos of tho past enn havo no worso oll'oct than to delay for a time tho attainment of vory profitable results. Tho financial position of tho company, on tho 30th June last, will appear from tho bajanco shqot now laid on tho table. It devolves upon tho shareholders to elect a director in tho room of Henry IViuco, Esq.. tho chairman, who retires bv lot, in accordance with clause 39 of the doed of settlement, hut who lias ollered himself for ro-clectiun. and is duly qualified. Tho auditors' term of oliico expires at this meeting, agreeably with clause 97 of tho deed, but both gontloinen are eligible for re-election. Balaueo-slioet. Dr. To proprietors' slinros. 2", 0o", each fully paid up, £20.WU; allottees' shares, lfi.'X'O, each fully paid up, £10.001); iialanro duo for purchase of land, as' per deed, £li'0>l; sundry creditors, £-134 Is.; profit uiul loss account — deposit on 100 shares forfeited, £12 Ms: interest nccount— balanco of interest, £8 5s. 5d. balance— boing amount of overdraft in Bank of Now .South Wales, £113 3s. Sd.; less casli in hand, £1 17s., nnd at credit of Joint Stock Bank, £10 1-ls. Id., £12 lis. Id. ; total balance, £-130 12s. 7d. Or. By mine,' valued nt £23,000; preliminary oxponses, £301 Gs. -Id. ; unpaid calls, £113 2s. Gd. ; genera' exponsos, £-10 1 3s. 2d. ; working expensos, £310 3s. 9d.; mining account, £1371 10s. Gd. ; plant account, £G325 5s. 9d. In moving- tho ndopt- ion of tho iorogoing report, Mr. Princo stntod that the re-erection of tho works nt Woolgarlo was being proceeded with vory satisfactorily, nnd a telegram 1ms been received from tho manager stating that tho cngino had been started, end that crushing and dressing operations would probably ho r- -.-uniod next month. Tho resolu tion was carried unanimously. Mr. Princo (tho retiring director), nnd Messrs. W. II. Mackenzie, senior," and A. II. Richardson (auditors), wcro re-elected. Tho meeting closed with n vote of thanks to tho chairman and- hoard of directors. Murder in the Western District.— tho Government ofl'or a roward of £100 for the dis covery of tho porpotrator of a murder alleged to havo lieon committed somo timo previous to Juno Inst-, nonr tho Drop Moor Station, Lime- stone Creek, Western district. On the 9th June last, the skeleton of a man believed to have been murdered was found about a quarter of a mile from the Drop Moor Station, the deceased's skull being fractured, apparently by a blow from an axe or other similar instrument. And the following is the finding of a magisterial inquiry held on the 11th June, before W. M. Rothery, Esq. J.P. " That deceased had met with a violent death." GREAT FIRE AT WAGGA WAGGA.— DESTRUCTION OF THE CRITERION HOTEL.— We (Advertiser) re gret to have to record the most destructive fire that lias ovor occurred in Wuggn Waggu. On Sunday morning last tho fino building rccontlj purchnsed by Mr, Markoy from tho Australia!' Provident Society, nnd fitted up by him as a first- class hotel, was completely destroyed by firo. It appears tlmt n black man, whom Mr. Markoy had engaged ns a sort of foreman to superintend tho drawing in of a quantity of limber for tho now Masonic Hall, for which Mr. Markey lias tho con tract, was anxious on Saturday night to sloop in town, and asked Mr. Markoy whetbor ho could accommodate him. Mr. Markoy replied that thero ' was a room ovor tho kitchen whore lio might havo a shako down. Tho man obtained somo money from Mr. Markoy, which ho scrims to hnvo spent elscwhore, nnd returning into in a I semi-sipiilly condition, lio turned in amongst somo 1 liny, it is supposed, with his pipe alight. At any rato, about two o'clock, lio rousod the groom, stating in un excited manner that lie had set firo to tho liny, and wanted help to put it out. Tho groom at onco turnod out, and finding tho hay on lire, gavo tho alarm. In a short timo sovoral peoplo wero on tho spot, and an aftompt was made, by throwing water on tho burning hay, to suhduo tho firo. Seeing that it was impossible to save tho building, the efforts of tho crowd wore directed to tho roscuo of tho furniture. Thero was no timo to lose, for in a low minutes from the lirst alarm tho Criterion was ono shoot of flume, and all hope became f'utilo, except just the shade of a liopo that it might bo possible to save tho Commercial. To this ond, under tho direction of Mossrs. Hardy and Cotteo, and n fow oLhor gentleman, nil oii'orts wcro now directed. Fortunately there was littlo or no wind and all tho blankets of tiio hotel thoroughly soakod in water being spread over tho roof whorovor thoro was danger of t-ho flames rencliiiig, tho Com mercial was saved. In the monntimo, tho flames wcro playing havoc with tho Criterion. Within two hours Iroin tiio first alarm all wns ovor, and tho hotel was a blackened ruin. Tho fur- uifuro, which laid only boon arrnngod tho day before, wns saved ; though, from tho rude hurry of removal, not without considerable damage. At first it was supposed that tho building was not insured, but it turns out, howovor, that tho building hiul boon insured by tho Mutual Pro vident Society for £2000, and that tho policy still in forco. This saves Mr. Markov from t !.-: uttor ruin nt first apprehended. Ho ostium;..-; his loss at more than £500. Tho damago r-.r H Commercial is very heavy. Tho house perfectly saturated with water, nnd in sovou; ' tho rooms tho ceiling had fullon. The damago is estimated nt about £100. M-" Cufi'ey and Oassiii, who occupied tho san-i'- >' shop between tho two hotels, saved all '' stock, and aro now enn-ying on tlioir busine.-. tho room adjoining tiio bur of tho Commeru.. An inquiry into tho causo of tho firo will be h as soon as tho now coroner is appointed. Advance in the Price op Flour in I' ex : wood. — Tho Brsidwood milters Imvo raised ; prico of Hour £2 por ton. This ad van: i' consoqueneo of tho difficulties which :i-' : obtaining wheat from Qneanboyan and oti.-u '. triots to tho westward of us ( DispaiE ). v/h - there is any quantity of it in tho hand - farmers, which would ho brought to this ic did tho roads permit. Thero lias been vnnco also in tho prico of wheat, fr-r ; samples ol which Gs. por bushel is now ofior But as thoro is scarcely any whent ce'iu: littlo can ho bought-. To provido for t'->. i consumption of tho district, Hour is no'.v , importod from Sydney via tho Clyde. Awfully Sudden Death. — Patrick Gird."-:, oldnctor. foil down dond at tho Princess'.- TI -. i . Melbourne, on Saturday night, just l> commencing his duty as chocktakor. — fob- to S. M. Herald. . . Base Ingratitude.— Tho Adelong corrospo ent of tho Gundagai Times rolates tho follow!- —I hnvo just lien. id of a vory rascally nnu grateful theft that lins boon committed i-, follow who wns befriended by tho party iv ho robbed. It sooms that u Mr. Tomlinsou, v. lias lately boon working nt the "Woolgarlo l o .. . mines, near Y'ass, started from thence witli a iimu: named Walker, intending to visit tho White I'm; reef, situated up tho Adelong Crook, and cti .- I) rated as tho spot to which Agn'ooi tho prophu. conducted tho Ballarat speculators; but buiou starting tlioy wero joined by n third person, w ii was also leaving Woolgarlo, and who wefit by tho namo of Jnc-k Williams. Tomlinsou Williams a lift, which tho latter nccepted, tun: tho throo travelled togethor until they came to camp between Downing and Bogolong, wln-n. Tomlinsou left his cart for a wliile; but 1 ' '' ' doing so cautioned Wnlkor, who it seems Imu decidod to return to Woolgarlo, not to leave until ho camo hack. Wnlkor promised lo ny main; but after Tomlinsou laid left ho cbang' i his mind, and started oil to retraco his M.eu>. leaving tho cart in chargo of Jack Wiliiai When Tomlinsou roturnod \\\ illiatns said ho, al should "o hack, and quitted his companion, wan shortly after ho had left missed from tho curt m i watch, some valuable specimens of aunieron.- quartz, 'and somo articles of woaring op pare;, nmong tho latter a pair of Bedford cord trcm- ei -. tho pockets of which had contained some I-..' silver. Tomlinsou retraced his way to ) ass r - i'ivo information to the polico of tho ungual: pioeo of rascality of which ho had boon tiio vic tim, nnd on his way camo on somo tenmtters i .. camp, who told him that a man answering t y description of Williams, and wearing Be-tto:'.; cord trousors, spoko to thorn, and htul r-tio - tlioin somo fine spocimons of quartz, observing that a man wliiio ho hnd tboso would never do hard up. Tho polico are now using their mmo endeavours to find this pilforing scoundrel, - vrh" is described ns being about livo feat nine inchos in hoight, with bushy surlily whiskora, nnd a vory broad luce, with n scar on the nose, nnd u front tooth out. IIo wnro durk clothes nnd hud with him' a small black-and-tnn terrier dog, so if nny of your renders when driving in a cnrt with valuables should moot a porson answorijig this description, instead of giving him a lift they hud better give him n wido berth. postponkmknt op the opening op the intf.ll- coi.oni.u. Iniiustiii.w. Hxiiimtion. — As was gene rally thought would bo the caso, tho contractor has been unable, in consequence of tho continued- wet weather, to complete tho work by tho timo ogrood upon. IIo 1ms consequently asked nnd obtuiuod an oxtonsion of time, und fourteen extra days liavo boon nllowod him. Tho contractor is in no way to blntno. IIo has cortainly pushed forwnrd tho works to tho utmost of his power, and tho rapidity with which tho building has boon put up is a mattor of surprise. Cut tho rains liavo so intorforod with tho works, especially tho improvements and alterations of tho ground, that it appoared to bo beyond tho rango of human possibility to got tho buildings roady in timo for tho opening to tuko place on tho 10th proximo. A meeting of tho Exhibition cominittoo was hold at tho Agricultural Sonioty's rooms last Tuosday, wlion, after a good deal of consideration, tho following resolution was ngrood to: — "Tlint in conscqiicneo of a letter rocoivod this day from tho town clork, stnting that tho contractor for tho oroction of of tho oxliibition building hnd mado application to tho Municipal Council for nn oxtonsion timo for tho completion of his contract, and in consider ation of tho continuation of wot wonthcr, which has ombarrassod Mr. Young's operations in rospoot to tho building, nnd has dolayod tho formation of tho park and tho oroction of tho livo stock shods and pavilions thoro, this committoo ndviso tho council to postpone tho day ofoponing from tho 10th instant to tho 30th August." This postponement, howovor, is not to intorforo with tho datos of ontry al roady advertisod, except in t.ho caso of horticultural oxhibits and porishnblo farm produce, tho ontrics for which will now closo on tho 15th of August. All further entrios that nro mado must bo non-compotitivo. The exhibition building is now advancing rapidly towards completion. Tho roof is on, tho gallory is fixed, und considerable progress has boon mado in laying tho floor. A largo numbor of painters liavo boon set to work. In tho painting tho throo primitivo colours to bo usod nro rod, blue, yellow (unmixod oxcopt for special pur poses), nnd white. Tho ground of tho circular roof will bo yellow, lighting up a vault that might othorwi.se bo somowliat dark, and against this tho blue, whi o, nnd rod, of tho iron principals will stand out bright nnd harmonious. Tho wall space intended lor pictures will bo damask or somo such colour. Arrangements for decoration nro boing made. It is intended to mako uso of tho oxhibits as far as possiblo to produce an o(l'ect, so as to avoid over decoration. Tho building is to bo lighted with sunlights of an octagonal sliapo, suspondod under whito onamollod reflectors. Tho largest of thoso sun lights is to bo fivo foot in diainetor, nnd to con sist of forty jets of gas. This will bo placed in tho eontro court. Tho buildings for livo stock in tho park nro going up with rapidity. In some casos tho provision mado according to the ostimntcs will have to bo increased, and in a few instances it will bo docrcasod. Loss sheep and pigs will bo oxhibitod than was expoctod, and tho placos intondod for thom will bo turnod to othor purposes. The lmrsos and cattle are to bo most comfortably boxed, and a foddor committoo is providing for tho supply of thoir wants, and thoso of all tho livo stock. Tho rofroshmout pavilion will bo a very tnstoful affair. Amongst othor roconunondations adopted by tho Exhibi tion Committoo, thny mado tho following: — That until tho departure of tho livo stock, tho build ings shall not bo oponod at night, and that tho hours of admission shall bo from 9 a.m. till 5 p.m. Tho entranco gates will bo in Clovolaiul and Castloroagh stroets, tho former having four turnstiles, tho luttor two, and both being provided with n central opening for ticket holders. A largo ofl'or was mado for tho gates, and was disenssod, but it was docidod that tho socioty should not ontortain any such proposition. Wo understand that tho Minister for Worksdias given nn assurance that exhibits shall bo convoyed to Sydney t'roo of chargo, and takon back free, un- loss previously sold. Excursion trains will run as Inst year; und on what may bo cnllod tho peoplo's dnys thoro aro to bo working-cluss ratos. —S. M. Herald. District Courts and, Quarter Sessions. — Tho Qoidburn Herald of last issuo dovotos nn article to tho consideration of tho circular rocontly ad- dressod by tho Attorney-Cn m ial to tho dilforont benches of mngistratos, in rul'eronco to tho ubovo courts. Our contemporary generally concurs with tho views rocontly expressed by us, but suggests that tho uniting tho criminal and civil jurisdiction of thoso courts is a groat mistake, and rocoininonds tho doing away with tho criminal jurisdiction of tho District Court judges, and tho making of all committals to tho nearest Court of Assizo. Tho article thus concludos : — If Quurtor Sessions wore hold only at placos where tlioy aro shown to bo roquirod, and thoir jurisdiction confined to certain specified offences of tho lighter kind, ono such ollicor would siiflieo for tho country districts. Many serious blfcncos aro now tried bol'oro tho District Court judgos which ought to bo triod boforo tho judges of tho Supromo Court. As by such an arrangement as that just suggested, tho prosont District Court judgos would bo reliovod of u portion of thoir business, thoir number could bo roduced to tho point 'necessary for tho performance of thoir proper dutios. Another suggestion worthy of consideration in tho ovent of tho forogoing boing considored too groat a cliango from tho prosont practico, is that Courts of Qunrtor Sessions might bo abolished in all Circuit Court towns. Thoso nro tho very placos whore thoy are loast roquirod, or at all ovonts could bo most readily dispensed with, and at tho sumo timo tho 'vory plnoos whore District Courts aro most required ; this showing the inharmonious junction of tho two functions oxorcisod by tho judgos under tho present arrnngomont. Somo degroo of snving might bo effected in this way. It is difficult, howovor, to soo any way of placing thoso courts upon a thoroughly satisfactory footing whilo tho civil and criminal jurisdiction is combined. Tho public convonionco rcquiros a mora frequent holding of District Courts than of Courts of Quartor Sessions, nnd roauiros thom to bo hold in n grontor numbor of places. Tho lnttor re quirement is nlrondy partial!' a:tondod to ; but Courts of Quartor Sossions aro hold in a numbor of placos whoro thoy aro not wanted, nnd tho machinory for working thom is koptuponnscalo nltogothor disproportionate to tho necessities of tho caso. SUDDEN DEATH OF AN OLD MISER. — A par- simonious individual of the name of William Robinson died suddenly a few days ago, at Lambridge, near Penrith, and his death has caused quite a sensation in the neighbourhood where for some years past he has eked out a sordid and unenviable existence. He was the possessor of about a hundred acres of land, which he seems to have cultivated in a somewhat diligent manner; and on this land stood his in- hospitable looking domicile. He is said to have been always in a dirty half-clothed state ; his personal appearance leading to the supposition that he never indulged in the expensive luxury of a bath, or even a wash with soap and water. His death took place under somewhat singular circumstances. He was seen one morning ploughing in a paddock in front of his house. In the evening a man who had worked for him saw the horses harnessed to the plough without any person to guide them. Several neighbours were collected, and a search was commenced and continued until it grew too dark to continue it, but no trace could be obtained of the missing man. On the following morning the search was renewed, and resulted in the discovery of the body of Robinson lying close to the fence which enclosed the paddock. Senior- sergeant John- stone, of Penrith, was communicated with, and he at once proceeded to deceased's farm. On tracing the furrow which deceased had last ploughed, and where he had apparently lost control over the horses, the print of a man's body was seen in the soft ploughed ground, which would lead to the supposition that he fell down in a lit on the spot. And it would also appear that he partially recovered, and made an effort to reach his house, and succeeded in getting about thirty yards, when he fell down and expired. No marks of violence were found on the body, and there was nothing to lead to a suspicion that deceased had met his death by foul play. He was a single man, and had resided alone in squalid misery and filth for about thirty-three years on his farm at Lambridge. As he had the repute of being worth some property, senior- sergeant Johnstone considered it desirable to make a diligent and careful search of the promises. With a key which he found in deceased's pocket, he unlocked the bedroom door, and after searching for some time, he found, in the bottom of a chair, nine £1 notes. In a tin match-box he found one £5 note, five £1 notes and a half-sovereign. In another tin match-box, which was buried in some earth under the bed-room floor, he found sevenly-five sovereigns and a half-sovereign, many of which were English coins. In addition to this money, there was other property on the farm, amongst which were about 300 bushels of maize, two horses, a pig, two carts, a plough, harrow, roller, two sets of harness, and sundry other farming implements. The property was all handed over by the police to Mr. Cleove, the agent in the district for the Curator of Intestate Estates. The premises were securely locked up, and a day or two after the first search, senior- sergeant Johnstone proceeded in company with two constables to make a more minute examina- tion of them. The flooring and skirting boards were all carefully removed, but nothing was found. The search was about to be relinquished when a heap of apparently useless scraps of iron was noticed. In the heap was found a cast-iron box of an old cart-wheel, one end of which was stopped up with a half-pound weight, the other with a quarter-pound weight. After the weights had been removed the box was found to contain a roll of bank notes, consisting of two £20-notes, two £10-notes, thirty-eight £5-notes. The total amount of money found was £350 9s. 6d. The value of the property which deceased has left (including the money) is estimated at about £1000. The finding of so much money was quite an interesting event in the neighbourhood, and it is said that several persons have already made inquiries of the agent for the Curator of Intestate Estates respecting the purchase of deceased's farm, hoping, no doubt, to find money concealed somewhere about it. So far as can be ascertained, deceased has left no relatives in the colony ; but he has been heard to speak of a brother in England. No letters or papers, how- ever, have been found in deceased's house which can throw any light on this point. De- ceased was a native of London, and was born in the year 1802. He was a silk weaver by trade, and arrived in this colony in the ship Asia in the year 1820. The police deserve great praise for their zeal and promptitude in searching the promises; and it is not unlikely that they will be remunerated by the proper authorities for the trouble they have taken. — S. M. Herald. Severe 1 — Tho Ballarat Courier is rosponsiblo for tho following : — Tt may bo ill jesting upon a solotnn suhjoct, but wo cannot refrain from remarking that both tho editor of tho Melbourne Argus and ono of its regular contributors did thoir best at tho trial to prove that Supplo — for somo time ono of tho stall' — is mad now, and has boon mad ovor sinco thoy know him. After this acknowlodgmont tho public will conso to bo sur prised at any occontricitios that may nppoar in tho leading columns of that journal. Adelaide Itejcs. — Tho Old Yatala Smolting Works at Alborton woro completely dostroyod by lire last Monday morning. Thoy wore leased to Messrs. Braddock for tho manufacture of chemicals, and tho fire was caused by tho boiling ovor ol a cauldron and the liquid taking hro. Braddock is uninsured. — A littlo girl was shot dead at Knpunda by a lad twelvo years old. — Serious depredations havo takon placo in tho Victoria Rcgia houso, Botanical Gardons. Tho houso will consequently havo to bo closed to tho public except on certain days. — A magnificent display of gold spocimens has boon received from tho Critorion claim, and tho accounts of its riclios arc nuthonticatod. Gold hns boon found in tho ballast of tho Koh-i-noor from tho Northern Territory. — Tologrnins to S. M. Herald. Silver in Major's Creek Gold. — Somo timo ago a cako of rotortod gold was sent to Sydney, woighing 20 ozs., on the receipt of tho Mint re turns only 10 ozs. somo odd dwts. of gold woro accounted for. Since then Mr. Roberts has takon down a cako of rotortod gold, from Rigby and Co.'s claim, woighing 17 ozs., tho nctual prouueoof which in gold was only 13 ozs. Upon (inquiry boing mado, tho Mint assayor stated that tho apparent discrepancy in tho weight nroso among othor causos froin the largo quantity of silvor which it contained,- nnd that out of tho last cake alone noarly -1 ozs. of pure silvor hnd boon obtained, tho valuo of which tho Governmont woro prepared to pay for. — Braidwood Monitor. The Hotilui Murder. — The Sentence. — Amidst suppressed murmurs and a movomontof tho crowd, Patrick Smith, who recently so brutally murdorod his wifo at Ilothain, stopped into tho dock, and tho usual warning wns given by tho crier, when all bocamo hushed and silent. Smith wns, porhnps, a littlo norvons, but ho was yet cool, and soomcd as if ho did not entirely comprohond his position. On being askod what ho had to sny, ho merely remarked that ho know "nothing about it until twelve o'clock on Satur day night." Ilis honor, addressing tho prisoner, said : — " Pntrick Smith, I havo no desire to add to tho ngony of your mind now. I know that it is not unusual to nddross observations to aprisonor occupying tho position you do now, with n view to impress him with tho enormity of his crime, and tho nocossity of ropontnnco ; but I shnll re frain from adopting such n course. You havo boon found guilty of the murdor of your wifo under tho most atrocious circumstancos, nnd I liopo you have ropentod, or will repent of tho terriblo criino. For that criino it is my duty to pass sontonco of doath upon you, nnd it will thon bo tho duty of tho Government to sny whothor it shall bo carriod into oll'oct ; but I warn you not to build your liopos upon any probability of tho sontonco boing commutod. After looking ovor my notos, I cannot point to anything which would justify mo in recommending that tho ox- tromo ponalty of tho law should not bo carried out. What tho Exocutivo may do, I cannot say ; but I daro not hold out any hopos of mercy to you- — it would bo cruol on my part woro I to do ro. It is my duty to toll you to prepare for doath. Tho world is fleoting from you. Tho sontonco of tho court is that you bo taken back to tho plnco from whonco you cnmc, nnd tlionco, at such timo and placo ns his Excolloncy tho Govornor may appoint, bo takon to tho placo of oxocution, and thoro bo hangod by tho neck until you bo dead ; and may God havo morcy on your soul!" Avery slight twitching of tho musclos of tho fuco was tho only fooling oxhibitcd by tho doomod man ns tho awful words which woro to send him to eternity wore spokon, nnd ho left tho dock quietly, whilo a sliuddor ran through tho crowd. — Daily Telegraph. It will bo soon by our tclogrnphic iutelligonco that Smith is to bo linngod on Thursday next. Violence in a Lockup. — Tho chargo against John Stokos for having, in April last, at Wulgott, wounded a sergonnt of polico, was heard and disposed of on tho 15th inst. at tho Tarn worth Quartor Sossions. This caso will bo recollected from tho fact that, whilo polico-sorgeant Monghor wns oscorting Buckloynnd Stokos from "Walgott, Buckloy wns drowned, and tho sergeant had n narrow oscapo from tho snmo fate, boing savod by a blackfollow. Thp circumstancos aro pre sented in this statomont of Michnol Ushor, who says : — I am loekupkeopor at Walgott, and was so in April last ; on tho 14th April prisonor was in my custody in tho locknp tliore ; went to tho door of prisoner's coll on tho night of tho 1-lth, in whoso coll was another pr sonor named Buck ley, sinco drowned ; saw prisoner, nnd asked hiin to hand me up tho chain by which ho was to bo fastoned to tho floor: ho was sitting on his liaunchos with a blanket rqiind his right hand, and his loft bare ; I was to bolt the chain to a ring on tho floor ; prisonor kept his eyes on me, but seemed to bo searching for tho iron ; when I stooped down and said, " lioro it is," whereupon prisoner struck mo whilo stooping with some thing, which I beliovo to bo tho iron leg-irons, as I saw tlietn in his hand soon aftor; ho stunned me, but I recovered and I struck hiin on tho head with a pair of handrail's I had in my hand, and which I was going to fqston prisoner with ; ho rushed to tho door and mot sergeant Monghor ns ho wns going out; ho struck Monghor throo timos or moro on tho faco and forolioad with tho leg-irons ; saw Mougher nftcr, and his faco was i covorod with blood; tho skin was cut; Monghor I was stunnod, nnd also blinded with blood ; Stokes got out, nnd I got a revolver and bridle, and got a liorso in tho yard, and pursued Stokos nnd Buckloy, who got out also ; Buckloy ussistod Stokos to oscapo ; I ovortook prisoner about 300 yards from tho lockup, nnd culled upon him to stand and cotno back to tho lockup; I fired a shot nt Buckloy and ho surrendered, but I had difficulty with prisonor, but ultimntoly succeeded in bringing hiin to tho lockup. Tho jury, with out leaving tho box, found prisoner guilty, nnd ho wns sontenccd to throe yoars' imprisonmont in Maitland gaol. The St. Aiinaud Murder. — Tho Circuit Court was openodat Ararat, on Tuesday, tho 19th inst., by his Honor Judgo Williams, and intense oxcitemont prevailed, owing to tho trial of Andrew Vair for tho wilful murdor of Amos Clionle, at St. Arnaud, in January, 18G9. Only ono other criminal case was triod — that of a nogro named Wallace, for robbory from Kelly's hotel, Euramboon ; this man was found guilty nnd sontonccd to two yonrs' hard labour. Vair plended not guilty, and wns dofondod by Mr. M'Dormott. Tho prisonor challonged fivojury- mon and tho Crown throo. Mr. Adamson, tho Crown prosocutor, oponod tho enso ; and cnllod" Mrs. Ilardingham, who hoard the fatnl shot firod nnd saw a man run off into the scrub. Sho described this man's size and clothing, which tallied with Vair's description. Mr. Smith, Mr. Johnstono, and Mr. Cadzow gnvo evidonco of honring tho shot, nnd finding Choalo lying wounded and dying. Choalo said ho had boon shot by Vair, and on his boing romovod to Cad- zow's houso his dying deposition was taken by Dr. Brisbnuo. Clionlo distinctly stntod thutVair had shot him, and ho diod in threo-qnartors of nn hour. Tho evidonco of a man nnmcd Bod well proved that Vnir had loft a gun with him at a station botwoon Horsham and tho South Aus tralian boundary ; and two constablos named Lawrence nnd Fishor deposed to arresting Vair at Dairy Flat, fifty milos from Adolaido. In spector Boo, from tho last-named city, stated that Vair hnd ncknowlodgod having committod tho crime to him. Tho depositions of a conch- drivor liamod Slanghtcr, sinco deud, showod that ho hnd mot Vair in tho bush two days after tho murder, and had rocoivod somo lottors from him. Those lotters woro rond in court, and in thom tho crim'o was acknowledged, and a rambling statomont mado of real or supposed injurios rocoivod from Mr. Choalo. Tho wliolo evidonco wns most conclusive, nnd tho counsel for tho dofonco abandoned all nttompts of denying Vair's guilt, but nrguod in nn ablo spooeli that ho must linvo boon insane, and thnt tho lottors were ovidcncos of a diseased mind labouring undor a hallucination, and that tho prisonor was not accountablo for his actions. Tho judgo in his chargo to tho jury stated that tho dofonco on tho ploa of insanity was not borne out, and pointod out that if tho plea was ontortnined no groat criino would bo punishod, as tho enormity of crimo was tho only ground upon which suspicion of insanity hinged ; and if such a, dofonco woro allowed no tnnn's lifo would bo safe. Tho jury woro locked up all night, and at nino o'clock on W omicsdny morning rctnrnocl a voruictot guilty, with n rocominondation to morcy on tho ground of provocation and possiblo insanity. Thojudgo accoptod tho verdict, but entirely disagreed with tho recommendation, which ho said ho would forwurd to tho proper authority. Ho thon sontonccd tho prisonor to doath without tho most remote liopo of mercy. Andrew Vnir is a middlo- sizod man, about thirty-six yonrs of ago, with a full brown board and light moustache ; his oyes aro smnll and deep sunk, whilo his forohond is largo and protruding. A deep scowl wns on his faco throughout tho trial, oxcopt when onco or twice ho smilod, wlion tho want of sovoral of his tooth gnvo his visago n most ropulsivo appear ance. "Wlion asked if ho had ought to say why sontonco of donth should not bo passod, ho replied "No," in a gruff" voice, and listonod to tho judge's solomn words with Bcowling in- difl'orenco. It is said tho long delay in tlio re turning of tho vordict was occasioned simply by tho consideration of the ridor recommending tho prisonor to morcy. — Ararat Advertiser. IIolloway's Ointment and Pills. — Glnd Tiding3. — Somo constitutions havo a tondoncy to rlioti mutism, and are , throughout tho your borno down by its protracted tortures. Lot such suH'orers butho the nflbctod parts with warm brino, nnd nftorwards rub in this sooothing ointment. Thoy will find it tho host means of lesseningtheir ngony, and.nssistod by IIolloway's pills, tho surest wny of overcoming thoir disoaso. Moro nood not bo snid than to roquost n low days' trial of this safo und soothing treatment, by which tho disoaso will ultimatoly bo complotoly swopt away. Pains thnt would mako a ginnf shudder are assuaged without difficulty by IIol- lowny's easy and inexponsivo romodios, which comfort by moderating tho throbbing vossols and calming tho excited nerves. ' Maravilla Cocoa. — For Brealcfast. — Tho Globe says — "Various importers and manufacturers havo attempted to attain a reputation for thoir propnrod Cocons, but wo doubt whothor any thorough success hnd been achieved until Messrs. Taylor Brothors discovered tho extraordinary qualitios of ' Maravilla' Cocoa. Adapting thoir porfect system of preparation to this finest of all spocios of tho Thoobroma, thoy havo produced an articlo which snpersedos ovory other Cocoa in tho markot. Entire solubility, a doliciito aroma, nnd a rare concentration of tho purest elements of nutrition, distinguish tho Maravilla Cocoa nbovo all others. For homoeopaths and invalids wo could not rocominond a moro' agrooable or vnluablo bevorago." Sold in packots only by all Grocors, of whom also may bo had Taylor Brothoi'3' Original Homoeopathic Cocoa and Sohtblo Chocolnto. Stoara Mills — Brick Lane, London. To the Editor of the Yass Courier. Sir, — Injustice to mysolf I feol bound to troublo yon again. Your correspondent, " Sydney Gont.," was greatly mistaken wlion ho itnaginod I wanted to bo takon ovor tho river out of charity, or oxpoctod tho uso of tho bont at his oxponso. I dony tho chnrgo, and scorn tho vory idea of such a tiling. I know quito well that tho boatmon would look for paymont, and payment thoy would hnvo got ; but to have offered monoy to " Sydnoy Gont.," I should havo thought wns ofl'oring him nn insult. If I had sent monoy with tho mossongor, it would havo boon all right ; but I think it quito soon enough to pny for work when it is dono. Perhaps n bill of tho faros posted up nt tho forry would snvo future disappointment to tho bont-mon, and provont "Sydney Gent.," boing ngain disturbed from his tea to answer in quiries from pnssengors, which I know must hnvo boon very annoying aftor a hard day's toil. That was tho reason for my not dotnining him nt tho timo to oxplain mattors more fully. Not wishing to koop up tho bnttlo any longor, I remain, yonrs, &c.;, KATE. Yass, July 28, 1870. Wo doc-lino to insort furthor correspondence on this suhjoct. — Ed. 