TABLE' T.ALI. WVEST, n CoLLEG?E-On th 1Sthkiust., theo Rcv. \Ym. Matth6w, formerly of the. Scotch Collego, Melbourne, opens at Mare timo -a first class Educational Establishi ment for day pupili and boarders. The announcement will be found iu,sin adver tisement in another columnn; PoU.Bc Nor?ce.-It is notified else where by advertisement that a charge will be made to persons visiting the steamers in the bay, when seeing their friends on board. This is a new arrangement which we believe to be fully justified fromt the manner in which the boats are frequently overcrowded and endangered by those who have ,no business save curiosity and the loure of a sail free of expense. MeasTiR TuasIPS. - The curious in the matter of vegetable productions, may now see on view at the Guardian Office turnips grown by Mr Audrew Stewart, Heywood, anid which weigh over 101s each. The climate of Victoria is held not to be sufficiently moist for the growth of the tar nip, but the present season has been escep. tional, and the turnips we have mentioned are little more than average specimens of Mr Stewart's entire crop of Swedes and Aberdeens. Tuis MELBOunsE REacs.-The chief attraction of the day says the Herald of the 3rd, wasthe New Year's Day's racing on the Flemington 'course. About 12,000 visited the course on; Saturday. The grand stand was crowded' with the elite and fashion of Melbourne, arrayeod in' arments wondrous to behold. The hill ha, occupied by the lesser sstars, who, disdainining the conventionality of, the lawn, 'like to roam dtirestrained amid doodlum bucks, unders and overs, race games, and Aunt Sallies. The flat swarmed with 'vehicles, quadrupeds and bipeds. Notwithstanding that some dis satisfaction was felt at the scratching :of Ballarat, and at the tactics' of Rleindeer, everything went off well. There were no heavy losers, and no chance of de faulters. In fact, it was difficult to find any one who admitted losing at all. To anxious queries of "How did you got on ?" there invariably cane, "A few pounds in," "A trifle to the good," •' Not so dusty," "Had 'eon this time," and dther answers of a like description. Three accidents took plate, the most severe of which happened :o the rider of Plenipo, who was thrown across a fence. He was immediately cotveyed to the Hospital, where it was foutd that his in juries were not so severe as expected. Punctually at 1 o'clock the flag fell for the Hurdle Race, a handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs and 100 added; distance, three miles. Lady Clare and Kaled were the favorites, the batting being 3 to 1 and 4 to 1 respectively. The race was won by Yorkshireman,, Fair Nell second, Lady Clare third. Time 5min. d6sec. The Three-year-old Handicip, of 10 sovs, with 100 added,' was won by Misty Morn, Matilda second,. Kestrel third. Distance, one mile and a half; time, 2min. 51seo. The Midsummer Handicap, a sweep of 7 soes eacli 'and 150. sovs added, was won easily by The Mouk, Albany second, Flying Dutchman third. Distance, one mile and three-quarters: time, 3min. 15seo.' Tne Steeplech'se was won by Skipper (late Topthornn); notwithstanding the efforts made on be. half of Babbler, who- could not take advantage of the opening made for him by Reindeer; Curigong was second, Babbler third. The Manners Sutton' Stakes, of 10 sova each, with 200 'soas added, fell to Strop, Kestrel second, The Monk third.. Distance, three miles; time, 5min. 60sec. The £50 Plate was won by Mr Leirsch's Warrior, Falstaff being second, Royston third. This terminated the day's sports. ?oa.-.aininan.--From'ile Fiji Tiaes of 4th December, we learn that aneow arti?e of merchandise has been discovered on Vanna Levu. The bush is found to abound writh the bulei, or india-rubber tree, and the natives get the sap by stripping off, the leave., and call it dregaquruquru. Captain.: Barrack is trying to procure a shipment of it,- so as to a-certain its value as an article of export. The natives want teaching the 'proper way of tapping the tree, for by breakingolfthe leaves th y are'killing the gouse that lays the golden egg. Taosus W?A? DnAPEa.-Taken man for man in proportion to the population-it is a question whether any other known country' can' furnish a liigher average of scoundrelism in high places than Victoria. The latest development is to be found in the ease of' ,Br Thomas Webb' Draper, late accountant of the Commercial Bank, BMel bourne, who was brought up at the City Police Court, on Thursday last, charged with forgery, larceny, and embezzlement. Owing to the absence of 'Mr Clarke, one of the witnesses for the prosecution, Mr Aspinall applied for a postponement of the case with regard to the forgery charge, and Mr Ireland, for the defence,.not objecting, a postponement was granted till.next Thurs day." The charge of embezzlement, how ever, was proceeded with, and from-the evidence' adduced it appeared that on the let of November, Messrs Darbyshire and Broncke, being desirous: to open i joint account at' the Commercial Bank, paid to Mr Draper, personally, the sum of £1030 9s 6d, by :a cheque for £987 18l lid, and another for £42 10s 7d, receiving his receipt for .tlhe same. The charge against Draper was to the effect that instead of: opening au account in'iTavour of Maessrs Darb?yhire. and Broucke at once, he paid £727 11s lid, into his ownu account at the bank, and £260 to that of Messrs Clarko and Co, to whom he was iiudebted. It was alleged that he had also retained the cheque until the 27th.November, when he paid ini the sum of £1030 9s 6d to.Messra Darbyshire and B3roucke's accourit by ai debit pay-slip oi the Colonial Bank, in London, ior £986 18s Ild, and a cheque for. £42 10s 7d, though no advices of any such credit had been received from London. The Bench fully committed the prisoner for trial at the General Sessions, to be held on the 1st of February next, saying that, in the forgery case, they would tako good bail in two sureties of £2000 each; and in the cmbezzlment, two sureties of CIO0O each, making £10,000 in all After waiting till nearly three p.m., Mr Crisp, prisoner's solicitor, announced to the magistrates that he could not obtain the desired bail, and the prisoner was accordingly sent to gaol. D uring the hearing of the case, Mr Draper, who was not pLtced in the dock, but on the floor of the court, pleaded not guilty, and reserved his defence. PoUrLAxD.-- We cull th0 following choice morsel concerning Portland from the midst of the literary rubbish with which it pleases the Hotspur correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator to indulge weekly :-" Your read ers will all be delighted to hear that that grand undertaking, the Portland Break water, is now a certainty. Mr C. M°. Trangmar,. a merchant in Portland, saw the Chief Secretary on the subject, and he said the work would be commenced immediately by prison labor. Here is a featleir plucked from the chaplet of James M'Culloch ; and the concession will help greatly to fix Mr Macpherson in his high position. Captain Hogan's ghost will probably. take a cup of nectar in: his bed of sea-green flowers by the dark and stormy steep Portland shore, and now sing-with glee- Our OIreskwater will stand; ? A temple td comn.and, F. r the wisdom of bur peers, The esteemt of af.er 'ars ; Ann Captain Hogan's ghost. Standing at the Flagstaff-post, Will see this temple croused In the bay where he was drowned."' The extract is made to show the number of errors that can be crowded into.twenty one lines of a newspaper I The correspond ent at Hutspur promises at no distant date to rival. the editor in his ignorance or rather disregard for accuracy. 