'LATEST EUROPEAN AND AMERICAN NEWS. EUROPE. Bi the French ship Bayonnaise, from California, we lave farther details of European, news to the 15th December. We extract the following telegraphic newB from the.Alta California and JEvening Bulletin :— Edinburgh, December 10.— The Scotscman pub lishes a report, which it declares is entitled to credit, that Lord Clarendon will soon reopen negotiations -with the United States for the settlement of the Ala ?Sbrfiu olaime Paris, December 10.— A report fiom Madrid states it wee confidently believed there that President Grant intends to seize Cuba. The official 'Yellow Book,' just published, gives s favourable account ol the condition of France. It states that her relations with foreign powers, and their relations with one another are still more amicable since the conference in dispute between Greece and Turkey was held in Paris. The situation of the North German Confede ration is not such as to cause France to change her attitude. In Italy, order U gaining f round in spite of revolutionary- movements. The ook makeB an important declaration with regard to the (Ecumenical Council. This body, it says, is beyond the pale of political powers ; so the Emperor has resolved to use his right to intervene in its deli berations, and through their representatives all the Catholic Powers approve of this course, The Turkey Bgyptian question is reviewed, Bud the efforts made to reconcile the Sultan and the Viceroy are dwelt on at length. American affairs are treated as follows :— The advent of General Grant to the Presidency of the United States has made no change in the good relations existing between the two nations. France has asaisted the Government to establish peace between Spain and the Pacific Republics, but the sympathy shown by the United States and South America with the Cuban rebellion has unfortunately complicated the settlement of the above question. Concluding this subject, the book BBys : The French Government has no reason to ?violate the laws ef neutrality. The only aim of this Government is to develop peacefully its foreign re lations and guard the interests of France.* Paris, December 10.— The Corps Legislatif had another stormy cession to-day, -in opposition De pnty demanded the impeachment of M. Forcade, Minister of the Interior. Scenes of confusion fol lowed, such as have never before been -witnessed in the Chamber, and the Bitting waB adjourned amid great excitement. The prosecution of the Rappel was caused by a libellous article written by Hugo. It was determined in the conviction of Hugo. He has been sentenced to a fine of 1000 francs, with four months' imprison ment, and the publishers of the journal to 1000 francs fine and two months' imprisonment. Chicago, December 10.— The H'er aid's special from London telegraphs from the continent the report that at the opening of .the session of the Anti-Papal Con gress at Naples, yesterday, there were present -500 Italian delegates and twenty members from other parts of the world. The inauguration address was delivered by President Ricciardf. Letters of apology for non-attendance were read from Victor Hugo, Garibaldi, and other distinguished persons and leaders of the radical reform party. These communications ?were received with great enthusiasm, which endured to the close of the proceedings. Rome, December 10.— The Pope delivered an AUo cution before the assembled Bishops. He expressed bis satisfaction at being able to open the Council on the day which had been fixed, and at finding the Bishops had come in such numbers to aid the Holy See, helped by the Holy Spirit. Faith ia human schemes and all impiety were never before as strong as at the present day ; for they were well organised, and hid themselves behind pretended appearances for liberty. [But there was nothing to fear, because the Church was stronger even than Heaven.] But time ?would remedy present evils. The Holy Father concluded with an invocation to the Hely Ghost, to the Blessed Vixgis, and to Saints Peter and Paul. London, December 11.— The Tima condemns the Orange Lodges. They answer no end but to per petuate the idea of two races, one of conquerors, and the other of conquered. Statesmen should dis countenance them. The Spectator, on American affairs, says Grant's programme of peace, retrenchment, reconstruction, and honeBty must enhance the position of the United States as a nation. His way ot paying debts was the last to be quarrelled with. Rome, December 11. — The (Ecumenical Council adjourned till after Epiphany. Much opposition is expected on its re-assembling, bat the Pope is said to be sore of the co-operation of the American Bishops. Paris, December 11. — The French Government 'has made known to the (Ecumenical Council that the infallibility is an Inopportune question from a reli. gious view ; politically, it places France otherwise than according to the Concordats, and releases her bom obligations then accepted. The steamship Brazilian, built expressly for the Suez Canal traffic, has been found to draw too much ?water. A despatch from Port Said announces that she attempted to make the passage, but was obliged to discharge half her cargo to get through. The Times has an article on the Alabama Claims. It hopes the American Government will appoint such men as George William Curtis and William M, Everts to state the facts of the la-w and of the case. It thinks that good results will certainly follow such a selection. Gotha, December 11.— ErneBt, Duke of Saxe Coburg, is dying. Prince Alfred, of England, is his heir. Paris, December 11. — Marforis, the Intendant of ex-Queen Isabella, has published an emphatic denial of the story that the Queen took the Crown diamonds on her retirement from Madrid. London, December 11.— It is reported that Febru ary 8th is fixed upon as the dty of assembling Par liament. Madrid, December 11.— The Cortes rejected the bill of the Regency for indemnifying the exiles under the monarchy. The Cortes voted unanimously for the restoration of Constitutional guarantees. Lisbon, December 11.— Fears were entertained of the breaking out of a rebellion in various parts of Portugal. The authorities are active. London, December 11. — A report from the Admi ralty Office says that for a distance of thirty-five miles the Suez Canal is subject to sand drifts reducing the depths, and to thick fogs bewildering the pilots. London, December 12.— The Obuntr says Presi dent Grant's Message makes a pleasing impression in financial circles. It is reported that Mr. Lowe, Chancellor of the Exchequer, does not find it necessary to raise a loan in open market to provide the means for the purchase of the telegraph lines, in accordance with the recent act of Parliament. _ London, December 12.— M. ee iiesseps denies that the Suez Canal is in want of funds, or requires inter national protection. He promises that all the un finished work ob the canal will be completed without interfering with navigation. Paris, December 12.— A Council of Ministers was held at five o'clock this afternoon in the Tuileries. It is rumoured that this extraordinary meeting of the Council has been summoned to consider and decide on an immediate change in the Cabinet. Private advices received here assert that General Prim contemplates a coup d'etat. He is sure of 80 ?votes in the Cortes, and will proclaim the Dake of Genoa King, and then present a lav of the Cortes making himself Regent during his minority. It is said that he confidently relies on the support of the army, the Generals being in his favour, and that he will send for the Duke of Genoa to carry out the scheme. On the other hand, a public despatch from Madrid announces that Prim made a speech yesterday in the Cortes, in which he denied any in tention to make a coup d'etat. He declared, however, that he believed an immense majority in the country were in favour of the Duke of Genoa ; that his mother was willing her son should accept the crowa, and in all probability the Duke -would soon be pro claimed King. A telegram from Rome states th«t the Pope has issued a decree providing that in the case of his death the (Ecumenical Council shall be dissolved, and none but Cardinals take part in the election of his successor. London, December 13.— The trial of Rev. Gwiney and others commenced at Guild Hall. Keannelly opened for the prosecution. Chief Justice Cockburn presided. News from Pekin says the treaty between Great Britain and China, negotiated by Butlingame, has been ratified by the Chinese Government. Vienna, 13th December. —The Emperor Francis Joseph opened the Reichrath to- day with a speech. He favoured a conciliatory course in dealing with the Dalmatian insurrection ; dwelt upon the peaceful appearance of European affairs with satisfaction ; declared the Austrian Empire in excellent relations ?with foreign powers, even on a point which had Momentarily caused some trouble ; referring _ to internal affairs, he announced that im portant concessions would be made to different nationalities ; a modification of the Constitution would be necessary, but must be made in accordance ?with itB Bpirit. He closed by promising that the autonomy of the provinces would be respected as long as was compatible with the maintenance of the unity and power of the Empire. Paris, December 13. — Despatches from Lisbon report much political agitation in Portugal. A military movement has been commenced by Duke Saldahua, which is assuming large and threatening proportions. The break between the King and Duke is daily widening. The resignation of the President of the Ministry is momentarily expected, and as soon as it takes place the King will appoint another, and will resist the influence of the Duke of Saldahua. Disorders are reported at Oporto. Londen, December 13th. — The remains of George Peabody were received aboard the ironclad Monarch on Saturday. The ceremony was attended with many demonstrations of respect. Several distin guished persons accompanied the remains to the place of embarkation, where they were received by the city authorities of Portsmouth and the officers and marines' of the Monarch and the United States steamer Plymouth. The ships in the habour dis played flags at half-mant and dipped ensigns as the Monarch steamed out, and minute guns were fired. Minister Motley addressed Captain Commerell, com mander of the Monarch, referring to the great honour paid Mr. Peabody by the heads of two great nations in sending two war vessels as a special escort to his remains to his native country. On the part of the relatives of the deceased he confided the re mains to the Captain's keeping. Captain Commerell replied, accepting the sacred trust, and assuring him the remainB should be cared fer with the most jealous interest. Rome December 13. — The (Ecumenical Council meets to-morrow simply for the purpose of attending to the details of organisation. Committees on Faith, Discipline, Orders, and Eastern Affairs will be formed. These committees comprise eighty-six members. Tbe official list of peisons entitled to attend the Council h published, and contains the names of fifty-five Cardinals, eleven Patriarchs, nine hundred and twenty-seven Arcbishops, Bishops, and Abbots, twenty-two mitred Abbots, and twenty-nine Generals of religious orders. New York, December 15th.— A London special says George Peabody's will has not yet passed to probate at the Doctors' Cammons. Peabody's pro perty in England is set down at under £400,000. He bequeaths.foOOO to eoch of his executors, £150,000 to his London charity, payable in three years as directed ; a few legacies of minor amounts to indivi duals, and the remainder to be divided as provided among bis relatives in America. The trustees are George Peabody Russell and two others, nephews, ?who are made residuary legatees, empowered to settle all affairs connected with the property in America, which is estimated at from three quarters to one mil lion dollars. , London, December 14th. — The steamer Monarch, havifig the remains of George Peabody, has not yet put to sea, owing to a heavy gale. Much alarm is created by the sudden breaking out of the rinderpest in the gttat Cattle Show in this city. London, December 13.— Her Majesty's Ministers held three Cabinet meetings during tbe week, to con sider the present critical condition of public affairs in Ireland, with the state of the island generally. It was resolved to proclaim the) County TiDperary, pro vince of Munster, end county and city of Londonderry, in Ulster, as being in a state of insurrection, aB de scribed in a late Act of Parliament providing there for, and co empowering them to act ; that five thou sand additional troopB be immediately dispatched to Ireland, raising the total force of tbe regular army there to about thirty thousand men. I his is to meet the emergency at present. On the assem bling of Parliament, on the 10th of January, a bill will be immediately introduced to empower the Government to suspend the habeas corpus in Ireland by executive order, not waiting for an Act of the Legislature, when deemed necessary for public safety to do so. The Herald? s special from NapleB says that the Council of Deists, er Anti- Papal Radical Assemblage, which met there on the 9tb, turned out a dead failure. A proposition to favour another French occupation ef Rome, and endorsing to some extent the last, met ?with serious opposition in the Assemblage. Dublin, December 14.. — A gun shop in this city was entered last night by unknown parties, and the owner shot. The assassins escaped. Another gun shop was entered shortly after and the owner tired at. A number of pistols were taken away. Madrid, December 14. — The Carlists are very active on the French and Portuguese frontiers. Paris, December 14. — Paul Angels, Deputy in the Spanish Cortes, a fugitive from Spain, has been ordered to leave France. Eugenie has written a letter to the Pope expressing regret at not being able to visit his Holiness. Rome, December 14. — The Bishops have brought a number of addresses by priests to the Pope, from the faithful in all parts of the world. London, December 15. — An important Papal Bull has been issued under the seal of strict secrecy, estab lishing regulations for the Oecumenical Council. In his exordium, his Holiness exhorts Bishops to live in the practice of charity, humility, sobriety, and pious contemplation during the session of the Council. He declares that although the right of making propo sitions for the Council belongs only to himself and the Court of Rome — ' ad nos et ad sanctum sedam '—he desires and exhorts every Father to think it his duty to make propositions, but on these conditions : First, the proposition be made in writing, submitted to a Council of BishopB named by the Pope ; second, the proposition to have for its object the general interests of the Church, not a particular diocese ; third, it shall be accompanied by a statement of the motives which led to its presentation ; fourth, it shall be conformable to the spirit of the traditions of the Catholic Church. His Holiness imposes secrecy on every person con cerned in the conciliatory labours. The order of pre cedence is fixed as follows : — Cardinal, Bishop, Cardinal-Priests, Cardinal-DeaconB, Patriarchs, Primates, Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Generals of Monastic Orders. Fathers are authorised to designate ten of their number to be charged with the judicial settlement of contestations arising among them selves. The Bull appoints the officers of the Council, naming as Legates or Presidents over the general con gregations, Cardinals De Besach, De Lucca, Cnz zarre, Bilio, and Capalti. Fathers who desire t» harangue the assembly must obtain authorisation from the Legate on the evening of the preceding aay on which they intend to speak. Those who intend to propose canons must first submit them to one of the four Commissioners on tbe fourth discipline of reli gious orders and Oriental affairs, these Commissioners to be chosen by the Fathers, but each to be presided over by a Cardinal to be named by the Pope. The Bull prohibits the Fathers absenting themselves be fore the conclusion of the Council, and authorises them te reside outside their dioceses during the entire period of the Council. A majority of the Bishops are dissatisfied with many provisions of the Papal Bull, The Telegraph, in an editorial on the renewal of the Reciprocity Treaty, predicts some modification of the policy of Congress toward the Dominion of Canada through the influence of Secretary Fish, who is a free trader. The Times, while admitting the improved quantity, quality, and price of .Indian cotton, does not con sider it is a possible displacement of the American description. Pane, December 15. — The Carlist insurrectionists continue active «n the French border. Several cases of arms, suspected to belong to them, were seized yeBterday by the French authorities at Bayonne. Late dates frem Rio say the Brazilian Ministry has unsuccessfully opposed a continuation of the war against Paraguay, and tendered their resignations, which were accepted. 