THE NEWS OF THE DAY. Tho report of the committco of aldermen upon tho charco brought by Cr. A. K. Smith against thttTown Clerk, came before a special meeting of the City Council yes terday ; but the discussion was of a vory unaitisfaetorv nature. Aid. Smith raised an objection to the consideration of the report, on tho ground that it did not emanate from a committee properly ap pointed by tho council. Tho reason of this step was tho courso taken by Cr. A. K. Smith, in appealing to the council from a committee appointed by mutual agreement. Tho Mayor overruled tho objection, and a discussion then aroso as to whether Cr. A. K. Smith ought to retire, seeing that the Town Clerk eould not bo presont. Cr. Smith disputed the point, and at last retired under protest ; but went and Bat behind Cr. Reed, who conducted his case, and prompted him onco or twice. After fivo hours' talk, a motion by Cr. Reed, that tho charge against tho Town Clerk had been substan tiated, was negatived by 18 votes to 3. , Wo aro requested to state that on no account whatever will persons bo admittod to tho Mayor's ball unless they aro in fancy costumo. Tho movement in favor of tho testimonial to tho hon. Mr. Grant is making rapid pro gress in all parts of tho colony, the entire country Press, with a unanimity as creditable as it is rare, having espoused tho champion ship of the movement. In nearly all the districts large sums are expected to be raised, whilo in some the local troastirers have al ready sums ranging from £23 to £150 in hand. In the larger country boroughs meet ings aro advertised to bo .hold, and from tho vigorous aud spontaneous way in which the matter has been taken up in all directions, thero can bo no doubt that tho testimonial will far exceed in amount the proposed par liamentary grant. By latest Mauritius papers to hand wo learn that Captain H.CII. tho Duke of Edinburgh, officially landed at Port Louis on tho 25th of May, amidst great display, and after being feted in evory possiblo way at balls, races, cricket matches, regattas, stag hunting, and receiving addresses from all public bodies and the various religious denominations, left for tho Cape of Good Hope on the 3rd of June. His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly was to leave Mauritius for Capo Town to assumo his vice-regal functions as governor of Capo Colony, by tho mail steamer, which would loavo about tho middlo of Juno. Tho Avoca election is not going t« result in a walkover for Mr. Mason — Mr. Finn, of Ballarat, having declared himself a candidate for tho suffrages of Mr. Grant's lato consti tuency. Tho address issued by Mr, Finn disclaims party politics and prejudices, and announces that he will address the electors at an early date. Tenders for tho eroction of tho now geodo sheds at the Spencer-street railway terminus will bo called for in the course of a few days, tho necessary plans, specifications and sur veys having almost beon completed. Tho report of tho professional board ap pointed to inspect and report on the state of the works in connection with tho Malmsbury reservoir, has not yet been received by the Government. It is, however, understood that thoy havo completed their inspection, and that the works for the remedy of tho leak will be proceeded with immediately. The usual weekly meeting of tho Bxecu tivo Council was held yesterday, at tho Treasury, but nothing but routino and ad ministrative business Was considered. . A revision court was held last ovening, at tho town hall, St. Kilda, beforo tho inayor and full council. Thero wore only a few claims and objections, which, having been allowed, tho burgess roll was Bigned by the chairman. At tho meeting of the Emerald-hill Coun cil last ovening, sergeant Ellis tendered his resignation as inspector of tho borough abattoirs, alleging as his reason for so doing, that tho new Abattoirs Act having reduced the fees from 3d. to Id. for every beast slaughtered, tho remuneration was not suf ficient for the labor done, as ho had to Walk. a distance of five miles to and from tho abattoirs, while tho fees did not amount to moro than Gs. per week. It was suggested by some of tho councillors that if sergeant Ellis was appointed inspector of nuisances, in addition to inspector of abattoirs, ho might workboth offices together. Ultimately the question was referred to tho health and legislative committees for their considera tion. A mooting of the Melbourne Anglers' Pro toction Society was held yesterday at the office, Swanston-Btreet ; Colonel Champ, pre Bidcnt, in tho chair. The secretary brought under tho notice of the meeting a petition rom the fishermen of Melbourno and Wil liamstown to tho Legislature, asking for prc-| vention of netting near the mouth of tho Yarra and tho Breakwater, in obtaining which the co-operation of the society was given. Somo conversation ensued with reference to a meeting of fishermen at Gcc long, desiring tho repeal of the 3rd section of tho Gamo and Fisheries Statute lSG-i, with referenco to netting within one mile of the shore. The president pointed out that the Fisheries Act Amendment Bill, which was introduced into tho Legislative Council last session but one, and which the society hoped would bo passed next session of Parliament, removed the objection. Mr. Thomas was clocted a momber of tho committee, nud Messrs. D. E. Gossett and T. Lyons were elected now members of the society. Tho Richmond School of Design still con tinues to be a success. Laat evsning the usual meeting was held, and the attendance waa very largo. The masters conducting tho school were Messrs. Rowlands and Fuller, mechanical drawing ; and Mr. Wright, freehand drawing. The latter gen tleman has given great assistance to tho school by lending valuable copies which were beyond tho means at the disposal of the committee. A correspondent mentions that Mr. Shil linglaw, formerly.shipping-master, Mr. Penny, anil anothergeutleman from Melbourne, have been for some time about Cape Howe, Mal lagto Inlet aud Gabo. Thoy havo a boat with thpm, and some curiosity is felt as to the object of their visit. It is a pity that a few of the other subur ban inspectors of weights and measures don't take an example from the local inspector for Fitzroy, in enforcing the provisions of tho act under which they hold their appoint ments. Though it is obvious that no class of tradesmen using weights and scales re quiro to be more closely looked after than the itinerant vendors of food, it is notorious that, through tho supincness of a majority of the inspectors of weights aud measures, the act is systematically and almost universally openly violated by this class of persons. Yesterday, however, a baker named John Perdrix (a Frenchman), was summoned be fore tho fitzroy Court for not having scales and weights in his cart to weigh tho bread sold, asrequiredby theact. Thefirsttiracwhen the defendant was charged with not having tho necessary weighing appliances in his ve hicle, ho pleaded that ho was not selling 'batch bread,' but only ' fancy broad, ' to which the provision of the act requiring the loaves to be weii;hcd did not apply. Though ho escaped on that occasion, he was subse quently detected selling 'batch bread' without weighing it, and was forthwith summoned beforo tho magistrates. When charged with tho ofl'enco he pleaded igno rance ; and tho bench, taking the most lenient view of the case, lined him 5s., with 10s. costs, at the same time intimating that, if became before them again, they would indict the full penalty of £5 for each offence proved. Pigeon stealing has become quite a fa- vorite pastime among a certain section of the juvenile community in some of the suburban boroughs, the birds apparently being re- garded by the lads in the light of public pro- perty. To such an extent has the evil grown in Fitzroy and East Collingwood, that it is almost a matter of impossibility to keep pigeons in the borough, without having them openly stolen in broad daylight, by some of the gangs of juveniles who infest the streets. Yesterday, a lad named Joseph Foxwell, who evidently was not full- witted, was brought before the Fitzroy bench, on a charge of stealing a pigeon, the matter figuring on the police sheet as larceny. The case was clearly made out against the prisoner. The bench, in consideration of his youth — the boy was only about fourteen years of age- decided to deal leniently with him, and therefore sentenced him to three days' solitary confinement in the Melbourne gaol. At the same time it was in- timated by the bench that future cases would be more seriously dealt with. lt is quite time something was done in the matter, and the action taken by the Fitzroy bench will doubtless be regarded with favor by those who keep pigeons in the borough, but at the same time it may be suggested that, while the police are looking after the young offenders, it would not be amiss to visit some of the severity of the law on those who pur- chase the stolen property. There will not be much difficulty about discovering these parties, whose culpability is not less than that of the actual thief. An attempt was made at tho Emerald hill Council, last eveninc, to chance the hour of meeting from half-past seven o'clock to a quarter-past six o'clock, Cr. Hoffman moving a resolution to that effect ; but after a very slight discussion, it was lost, tho councillors generally thinking tho present hour of meet ing most convenient to all parties. Tho first of tho winter series of lectures in connection with tho Mechanics' Institute, Einurald-hill, was given last evening by the Rev. Dr. Bromby, the subject chosen by the locturer being tho Life and Works of the Poet Cowper, which was troated in the rev. gentloman's best stylej; but from some unex plained reason tho attendance was very small, thoro not being moro than twenty-four persons present. Mr. Edwards, the president of tho institute, occupied the chair. Tho ninth annual meeting of the Metro politan and General Building Investment and Loan Society was held at tho society's offices last evening, Mr. H. Templeton in tho chair. Tho balance sheet submitted by tho committee showed assets to the amount of £2247 3?. 7d., and liabilities £40S 17s. 4d., leaving a balance of £174S Gs. 3d. From tho balance thero had to be deducted tho sum of £105, probable loss on property in the hands of tho society ; also, the portion of profits unrealised during the existence of tho society, £1520, thus leaving a balanco of £123 Gs. 3d., which, divided among 4:J shares, gave a profit of £25 18s. 2d. per share. To this amount, added tho nino yoars' subscription of £54, showed the presont apparent value of each sharo to bo £79 18s. 2J. The report showed that in consequence of the limited operations of the society, and the small profits accruing, together with the reluctance manifested by tho investors to accept tho bonus offered, the existence of the society had been protracted beyond the anticipations of its promoters. Tho committee therefore strongly recommended that the members should arrive at somo mutual agreement by which tho society might be wound up as speedily as possiblo. The report and balanco sheet were adopted, and the following gen tlemen were elected officers for the ensuing year : — Mr. H. Templeton, president ; Messrs. Bamber, Bickford, Eckersall, Kins man and Sayco, members of committee ; and Mossrs. Knight and Lloyd, auditors. There is somo probability of something being dono at last for that much neglected suburb Hotham, for last evening, at a spe cial meeting of tho council, it was resolved to borrow £12,000 for forming the roads, metalling and drainage purposes. Tho loan is to bo for twenty years, bearing interest at the rato of 7 per cent, per annum. The council reBolved that a rate of Gd. in the pound should bo mado to secure the loan. A rather extensive robbery has como under tho notico of tho police, in consequence of the Post Office authorities having no means of ascertaining that persons applying for letters aro the persons for whom the documents are intended. It appears that a man named Gcorgo Benham, when about leaving England for tho colony, forwarded £100 to Melbourno through a bank, and to make sure of not losing tho draft, posted it addressed to himself at the General Post Office. When he arrived in Melbourno two or throe weeks ago, he at onco went to tho Post Office and inquired for his letter, but, to his amazement, found that it had been claimed Dy ueorgo uenuam, wno naa re ceived it on tho 13th May last. He at once hurried to the bank, but here also found that ho was too late, as Georgo Ben ham had beon beforo him. Tho spurious ono having produced two witnesses who identified him. as George Benham, the money had been paid to him. Not satisfied at being defrauded of his money by his double in this manner he invoked the aid of tbo detective police, and after some little in quiry they discovered that there was auother man in Melbourno answering to the samo name, who, having gone to the PostOffico to ask for letters, had roceived the one contain ing tho draft for £100, which he had after wards cashed. A warrant was obtained for hio arrest, which was exoouted en Saturday afternoon by detective M'Minn. The pri soner was taken before the city magistrates yosterday, and remanded for eight days for tho attendance of tho prosecutor. About £30 of the money has been recovered. The usual weekly committee meeting of the Victorian Association of Professional Musi cians washsldat their rooms in Collins- Btreet, n Saturday last. Present ; Mr. C. E. Horsley (in tho chair), Mr. Julius Siode, Mr. Lund borg, Mr. S. Chapman, Mr. James Schott, Mr. W. St. John Caws, Mr. E. Bentley, Mr. C. G. Elsasser, and Mr. C. R, Berg. The minutes of tho previous committee and gene ral meetings were read and confirmed. A letter w:,s recoived from Mr. A. K. Smith, informing tho association ho had presented tho letter the secretary was requested to write to tho Molbourno corporation, at tho last council meeting. A lotter was received from Mr. James Schott, together with- fcho musical works presented by him to the association. Tho works are as follows : — Ouverturo de l'opera Rouslano ot Lundmila, par Glurka, full orchestral scoro.'Ouverturo do l'opora Ioano Soussaniiie, par Glinka, full orchestral score ; Souvenirs d'uno nuit d'eto a Madrid, par Glinka, full scoro and orchestra, parts ; Capriccio bril lanto sur le themo do la Iota Aragonoia, par Glinka, full scoro and orchestral parts. The thanks of the society wore accorded to Mr. Schott, and ordered to bo ontorcd upon tho minutes. Mr. Caws made a presentation of books, Theory of Musical Composition, illustrated (Weber) ; three volumes of Czerny's School of Compo sition, and a volume upon church singing in general, by Engel. The thanks of tho asso ciation wero accorded to Mr. Caws, and ordered to be entered upon the minutes. It was resolved, upon tho motion of Mr. Siode, seconded by Mr. Schott, that a stamp bo ob tained for tho purposo of marking tho asso ciation music. Tho president, Mr. Horslcy, moved, and Mr. S. Chap man seconded, that Mr. James Schott bo requcated to draw up a circular in ro forence to tho governing of tho society, with a view to its adoption by tho com mittee. It was further proposed by Mr. James Sohott, seconded by Mr. St. John Caws, 'That all important propositions viz., the giving of concerts, tho issuing of circulars, announcing any special step on tho part of tho society, bo made in accor dance with tho usages of all properly consti tuted debating bodies — namely, that notico of motion be given at least ono meeting prior to tho discussion of the same, in order to allow members an opportunity of giving the Bubjeet amplo consideration.' The motion was carried. It was further ro solved that at tho next mcotiug a proper definition of tho words ' professional musi cians and amateurs' bo arrived at. Wealth and Intellect was tho subject of a lecture delivered in the Presbytorian church, Williamstown, last evening, by tho Rev. R, K. Ewing, principal of South Yarra College. Tho Rev. J. Clark presided, and about fifty persons were presont. Mr. Ewing showed that material wealth without corresponding intelligence would not mako men rich in tho truo senso of the term, and that education was tho surest way to wealth. A vote of thanks was passed to the reverond gentleman at the conclusion of the lecture, which was enthusiastically received. Tlio South AiwfraUan AdmrtUcv of tho 13th inst. says : — ' Tho following infor mation, which wo believo to bo per fectly reliable, has just como to hand respecting a new discovery at tho Barossa diggings : — Great news hero. Wo havo made tho finest discovery since tho field has been opened. Mr. Clements' party havo discovered a coment hill in Green Gully, near tho crushing machines, which has yielded a prospect to-day of 5 dwt. to little moro than half a buckot, equal to 10 oz. per ton. Thero is a large extent of similar country adjacent to that. This promises to bo a most valuablo discovery. Tho excite ment on tho diggings is tremendous. I suppose thero must havo been 400 men to see the prospect taken, and thero aro hun dreds of claims pegged out. From all I havo seen of it I think that BarosBa will bo greater in three months than it has ever been.' An accident yesterday at Spring Vale, which resulted rather seriously to a boy named George Williams, who was riding a spirited horse. By somo mischance ho was thrown, and his arm was so badly broken that ho had to bo taken to tho hospital. An inmato of tho Yarra Bend named JohnDodd, aged 4G years, died on Saturday from dropsy and dysontory. An inquest was held yesterday by Mr. Caudler, and tho jury found a verdict accordingly. 'Tho Survoy department,' Bays Thurs day's Mitclw.ll River Herald, 'have recently had an examination mado of tho new entrance to the Snowy River, tho natural foaturcs of which, it ?will bo recollected, have beon so completely changed by tho lato floods, which would appear to havo made unusual havoc with the country on that part of tho Gipps Land coast. It is the opinion of tho offioor who made the survoy, that the newly-formed Snowy River entrance is permanent ; tho old courso of tho river is nearly closed up, and tho sea breaks full into tho channel lately formed without any resistance — all sign of a bar obstruction having completely disap peared. Tho dopth of water at tho junction of tho river with tho sea could not bo ascer tained in tho absence of a boat, but it is bo lieved to bo much greater at that spot than at any other portion. It is bolioved tho only thing at all likely to interfere with tho per manent character of the presont Snowy Rivor entrance, is tho possibility at any time of tho soa making another raid upon the neighboring sand hummocks, and so fil ling up and altering tho channels. Such a contingency could only bo provided for by heavy work intended to bo permanent, for which tho outlay would bo considerable, and, as tho Snowy is not a navigablo rivor, except for a very few miles, tho value of tho object Rained would bear no proportion to tho cost.' Hero is a nice little bit of gossip from Alexandra, which is given to the world by the Mantfield Independent: — 'Two of tho mombers of tho leeal ' persuasion. ' Mr. W. Villeneuvo Smitli and Mr. Coster, have, it would seem, for some timo past been accustomed to address each other in tho police court in a stylo which is not only infinitely discreditable to themselves, but disgraceful to the administration of justice On Thursday last Mr. Smith, during tho hearing of a caso in court, told Mr. Coster that he (Mr. C.) was a pretty big man but could not uso his fists. On the following day tho Alexandra Time* contained an editorial remark which Mr. Coster as certained bad been inspired, if not actually written, by Mr. Smith. Mr. Coster replied in a letter to tho Mansfield In dependent, and as soon as that paper reached Alexandra, Mr. Coster took a copy contain ing his letter, and mooting Mr. Smith in tho street, threw tho paper, folded up, in his face, at the same time telling him that that was his reply to the lias that he (Mr. Smith) had been telling bo fast lately. Mr. Smith made no immediate demonstration, but on Mr. Coster stepping forward and delivering a blow he mado a rapid retreat, and suc ceeded in keopiLg himself out of harm's way until further pursuit waa stopped by somo persons who interfered. Wo understand that tho matter will bo investigated at tho police court, Mr. Smith having threatened to 'sign the charge-sheet.' ' 'In consequence of information recoived from Mr. Robert M' Far lane, squatter, of Maillee Cliffs, Mr. William Fanand, the police magistrate at Wehtworth,' suys tho South Auntralian Register, 'proceeded tothe place indicated to investigate, when,1 by the assistance of a blackfellow, ho found human remains about twenty-six miles in tho bush and two miles from the back station. They consisted of a akull with a tranverso indent across tho foro part, tho upper trunk, with tho arm bones, and several smaller bones) They wero scattered over an acre of ground. On tho hpot lay distributed a twill shirt, pair of moleskin trousers, billy, pint-pot, Bixnence. and tho remains of a leather purse, Tho verdict arrived at referred to tho find ing of tho remains, and certified that tho causo of death was unknown.' It has been a long standing source of com plaint to persons having business on the south side of Bonrke-streot that they aro greatly delayed and inconvenienced by tho concourse of men always hanging about tho Royal Mail corner, as sometimes as many as forty or fifty congregate in that particular spot, completely mocking up the wholo of tho footpath. During tho past few days the police have taken tho matter in hand, and instructions havo beon issued that tho foot way is to be kept clear. Tho constable on duty on Saturday morning, finding a lot of men completely filling up tho footpath, ordered them to movo on, and tho majority of them appeared inclined to do so, but ono of tboir number named Timothy Roach refused to nsovfl, and -'-?fied tho constablo to remove him. Ho was accordingly ar rested, and brought before the magistrates yesterday morning, when it was evident that forty-eight hours' incarceration had quite aken the courage out of him, as ho com n!r',c?(l™ ad m'sencordiam appeal to bolrt oil Jus time, promising never again to oZj m a similar manner. The bench took , lenient view of this, being the first e* cf the kind, and dismissed the prisoner T»;»i ing out to him that, although persona S stand at street corners without commit i any offence, still thoy must leave the cX of the footpath clear forfoot passengers. Wo learn from tho Star that a man call.* Thomas Tyrrell reported to 'the Cluncs rX. at about 3.30 a.m., on Sunday, 17th Jn, that about an hour previously three men had entered barefooted into his bedroom at tl back of tho Bridge Store, Clunes, by'remov ing tho window sash, pulled him off ihl stretcher on which ho was lying and ;nf° another room. Ono man kept guard at th» door, another covered his (Tyrrell's) head with a blanket, aud held him down ; wyu the other, having lit a candle, ransacked Tyrrell's box, and took from it aportmonuaie which contained a gold Albert chain in,) £15 17s. Gd. The rollers then decamwd after tho man at Iho door had 8hown I pistol to Tyrrell, and said, ' If you com, outsido the door, I'll shoot yon' On the matter being reported, the police went with Tyrrell to his place, where they found tho window had been taken out and iilaccd by tho sido of the house, but nothing furthtr of tho depredators could be discovered Tyrroll's nose is out, ono eye blnokened, ani tho skin of his face is grazed in MVcral places, caused, as he says, by his havint been dragged off the stretcher, and from ont room into tho other. Tyrrell says he went to bed about S o'clock on tho previous ctcd ing, and slept so sound that ho should not havo known anything about tho placo hatiuj been entered if tho men had left him alone No further traces of tho thievos had btai met with lato on Sunday night. A further application to tho Government for a lcaso of tho Yan Yean tramway will be mado to tho hon. tho Commissioner of Public Works in tho courso of tho present week, liy the promoters of tho Whittlesea and Wood'i Point Fairlio Railway scheme. Full pjut|. culars of tho objects and intentions of the company will, it is understood, be sub mitted to tho Government, with a viow of inducing them to fall in with the proposal! of tho promoters. It is probable, however, that somo objections to tho leasing of the tramway will bo put forward by tho depart ment. Tho attention of tho Fitzroy bonch wm occupied for some time yesterday in hoarinj a couplo of charges against an individual named Jonathan Robinson, who, judging from tho cvidenco in the cases in which h» figured, is not of the most urbane disposition. It appeared that ho had been some time from homo on an enforced absence, and that while ho was away, his wife, with whom he was not on tho most friendly terms, Bum. moned tho aid of Mr. Kinsman aaj ta\i off tho household furniture. On returning I to his. domestic hearth, Robinson'g ?math I was kindled at discovering what had ocenr rod in his absence, and after invoking dim imprecations on tho head of his offending partner, ho betook himself to the auction martof tho unwittingly offending auctioneer. Hero his pent-up indignation found vent in language, accompanied with appropriate though demonstrative gestures, to the die may both of Mr. Kinsman and his fomiir. ' So violont did the man become both in speech and action that tho aid of tho polico was invoked to ac complish his removal to the lock-up. Whan at tho polico station Robmsort added injury to insult by striking Mr. Kibsman with a stick ho had in his hand. The bench, considering tho offenco to be ono of a rather aggravated character, fined tho prisoner 3fc. for using threatening language, at the same timo requiring him to bo bound in the ram of £20, and to find ono surety in tho sumoi £10 to keep the peace fur six months. For tho subsequent assault, ho was fined a fur ther sum of 20s., with tho nltern&tive; ol taking three days in gaol in default of pay mont. Tho Smythesdnlo correspondent ot ftj Ballarat Star informs that journal that 'j most interesting collection of fossil fruits or seed vessols, obtained by Mr. Charles Thome, Nintingbool, from tho Gladstone and lit form Companies, at Iladdon, was presented by him on Saturday to the district mining survoyor, Mr. John Lynch, for trausmitsion to tho Mining department. The collation j comprises about sixty fossil specimen', ranging from the size of a garden poa to that of an ordinary lemon. Tho hrgest specimen, which is precisely tho same shipe as a lemon, was found in the Glulstent Company's claim, at a depUi of about 120 feet; tho most of tho others, if not all, wore ob tained from tho mine of tho Rclonn Company, at a depth of about 170 fett. Nearly all the fossils aro in a sound state of preservation ; some of them aro ribbed ; thi ribs aro about one-eighth of an inch higher than tho general surface, and as distinct a if they nad but recently beeu caned thoreon. In somo when shaken the heart or seed rattles tho same as a withered kernel in a nutshell. Somo very ourioo! and interesting fossil impressions of leaves havo also been noticed in tho United Leah Company, at Brownsvale, and Mr. Robert Peart is engaged in making a collection of them with tho viow of having them also transmitted to Mr. Brough Smyth.' On Thursday last a Mrs. Halstock, re siding in South Brighton, under a misap prehension that her sou Jamio had fallen ; into a tank containing ten or twolvo fcot of water, lot herself down, but discovered i! was only a puppy. Her nieco gave tie alarm, and a ladder and rope wore procuicd, and the woman was rescued, tho do' cling ing fast to her. Considering that bdo had never been in water before, tiio poonvoman ? must havo had somo pluck in her. A melancholy occurrence took place on Thursday last at Woolert, by whioh Patrick Sheils, aged two years, lost his Jife. It seems his parents came to Melbourne, leav ing tho children at home. In tho evening, about half-past five o'clock, tho eldosl boy was preparing some bran mash for cowi, when the deceased, who was going about, fell into the bucket of scalding water. The poor little fellow was so badly injured that he died on the following night. At an in quest hold yesterday the jury fouud a ver dict of accidental death. A man named Frank Roach waB summoned to tho District Court yesterday morning, for a breach of the 28th section of the Act 22 Vic. 202, in vending marketable- commo dities in a public placo without having a per mit. Tho offenco consisted in selling pota toes on tho Queen's 'Wharf, which Having beon proved, defendant was fined £5 with 2Gs. costs, or fourteen days' imprisonment. A serious accident while blasting happened at Clunes on Friday, to a man named Mailin Davoy. It seems from the Ballarat jou.rnal« that Davey and anothor mail named Dofrnes wero blasting eoiuo stone at Mr. Scott'i farm. Kilkenny Creek, and in the act of ramming the charge homo wero using a Eiecl tamping-rod, and an explosion took place, resulting in very serious injuries to Itavey. His left hand was completely lacerdicd, the bones being denuded of all covering, and ha had also severe wounds on his cheeks, on the front part of his chest, and both his eyet badly injured. Thero is no doubt but hii hand will have to bo amputated. Downes only roceived a fow slight scratches. Tho crew ef the ship Birchgrovo must cer tainly bo of a remarkably disorderly charac ter, as the principal business at the Sand ridge Police Court yesterday consisted in in vestigating four charges of highly improp* | conduct against some of the seamen of tnrs vessel. Ono of them in a drunken fit haa burst open tho door of a man's house and afterwards assaulted tho sergeant woo , jirrested him. For theso little freaks be wai fined 30s. with 21s. Gd. damages, or fonrtecn d'ftys' imprisonment. Another of his ship mates, who had attempted to roscnehim from custody, was mulcted in tho penalty o! 10s. or three days' imprisonment ; while J third man of the name crew was fiued £3 or fourteen days' imprisonment for assauIWg a woman who had remonstrated with him Ior putting his arms round hor daughter's waist n tho open streets. Although thero is little doubt thst the chamber of horrors at tho Waxworks JWiJ tion has a decided fascination for boys, it 18 more than doubtful whether the moral effect of theso images of bushrangers and otner notorious criminals has not a bad tendencj. This was ahown at tho City Court. yester- day, when a diminutive urchin, named l» Doolan, whose head did not reach above uw table, was charged with stealing ffioney from tho till at tho Waxworks. According to tho atory of tho boy who was empioycu in tho payoiiieo on Saturday, the pr'SOD': accompaniod by three other boys of »tow the same size, presented themselves «»? oor, and asked him to admit them aU 0' navmont of Is., which was all they had. ko refused to ta1-o loss than la. Gd., and as ♦hey diJ not at onco leave, ho went in search of somebody to turn them out, but upon returning saw them rnnaing way. and on looking into tho till he missed 6s. The prisoner was followed and captured, but nothmff was found on him and thero appeared no ovidence a»ainst him. One of hia companions came fo- ward in court, and said his mother had riven him a shilling, and ho thereupon pro mised to treat tho prisoner and two more of his comrades with a visit to tho Waxworks if they could get in for a shilling, in order 'to fleo Thunderbolt and Power, and tho trentlemin who committed suicide.' Ho denied that they had ever gono near tho till, but accounted for their running away by saying he expected tho boy would return \rith a Btick. As the lads appeared to be respectable, and their parents gavo them cood characters, tho bench dismissed the prisoner, at tho same time advising him to think of something better than Thunderbolt and Power, or otherwise ho might some day take his stand among them. Wo learn by the Courier that uttering counterfeit coins has rocently boon practised to a largo extent in Ballarat East. ' On Saturday night constable White arrested a man named George Wilson on a chargo of drunkenness, and about the samo time it was reported that a man had attempted to pass counterfeit sixpences and shillings to Mr. oi»,lr tlin frrncor in Vintnria-street. but had succeeded in making his escape. Sergeant Lamer, on inspecting the colls, observed Wilson, and at onco recognised him as a man who had served jtwelvo months for forgery, and two other sentences since. He imme diately read over tho description given by Mr. Clark, and finding that it tallied with that of tho prisoner, again visited him in his cell. From information then received he proceeded to a house near Esmond-street, ?which it was not difficult to see had bocn nsed.as the ' factory' in which tho coins had been turned out. It is supposed, how ever, that thero is a branch establishment of a more extensive charactor, and the police aro already on tho scont. ' A case of some interest to publicans was heard at tho Sandridge Court yesterday, when Andreaag Logiaunis was summoned by the polico for permitting prostitutes to as semble on his licenced promises at half an hour after midnight on tho 1 2th inst. It was proved by tho polico that several women known to bo prostitutes had gono to and from tho house at tho hour namod. This was not denied, but for the defendant it was contended that the ease in question did not constitute ' ' harboring' within tho meaning of. tho act, as tho women were respectably attired, behaved themselves in an orderly manncsr when on tho premises, and having obtained the refreshment they required left in a quiet manner. Tho bench took a similar view of tho case, and dismissed tho sum mons. ' On Saturday, an inquest was hold at the Bendigo Hospital on tho body of a man, namo unknown, who died in that institution on Friday. Dr. Magillivray deposed that when deceased was admitted he was in a very woak state and could not speak, nor could ho swal low anything. Ho gradually,' writes tho Ad vertiser, 'sank and died shortly af tor ad mission. Thero were a good many marks on deceased's body externally by which he could b6 identified. Tho loft arm had tfeen am putated some years ago, and tho left shoulder had an old laceration. Thero was a united fracture of tho right thigh. On the right arm there was tattooed tho form of a woman in blue color, and underneath this wero the letters Bit over EM, unilontholoftarm where tho amputation was thero was part of a ship tattooed, also in bluo. On tho left breast there was tho lottor D. The evidenco of tho man who had found deceased, and also that of. tho constable, was taken, and it trans pired that the only words spoken by deceased were 'Berlin Rush.' Tho jury returned a verdict of death from serous apoplexy, pneu monia, and inflammation of the bowels, caused by exposuro to tho cold and want of proper nourishing food. Tho coroner, Dr. J. Pounds, will feel obliged for any information regarding deceased, in order to identify him from tho above descriptions.' It is a very common practice for cabmen at places of amusement or private parties to back their vehicles into tho gutter in front of the houae, and there remain until thoy get a fare, by this means preventing a pri vato carriago from drawing up to tho door. A caso of this kind occurred at a recent private assembly ball at Hookin's rooms, Elizabeth- street, and as Captain Kayo's car riage was prevented from reaching tho door through the obstinacy of one of the cabmen, a summons was taken out against tho latter by tho inspector of hacknoy carriages, in order to try tho question. Tho summons came on for hearing yesterday in tho Dis trict Court, and the obstruction being fully proved, cabby was mulcted in tho penalty of 15s. with 10s. costs. A few cases of some intorest wero heard yesterday at the County Court, before Judge Pohlmau. Mr. Murray, a draper, at St. Kilda, sued Dr. Braggo for goods to the value of £10, supplied to Mrs. Bragge. Tho plaintiff alleged that tho defendant had promised to pay this bill, and had given an order that nomore goods were to be supplied. Dr; Braggo, upon being sworn, denied the former part of this statement, and at great length detailed his grievances as a Bene dick Tho doctor stated that Mrs. Bragge had £100 per annum in her own right, and ho offered her another £100 per annum ; sho refused this, and wanted £350. Tho doctor stated that ho thought £100 was plenty for him to pay, as it amounted to one third of his net income. He also asserted that ho had received an account from Messrs. Buckley and Nunn for drapery sup plied to Mrs. Bragge to the amount of £100. Mr. G. P. Smith, for the defonce, urged that Mr. Murray had no right to allow Mrs. Braggo to pledge her husband's credit, and commented upon tho manner in which Dr. Bragge had been dragged from court to court. Judgment in this caso was re Eorvod, as thero were others against the defendant to come before tho court. Ward v. Eussell was an action for assault arising out of a neighbor's quarrel, at East Brighton. Tho plaintiff's wife stated that sho called at defendant's house, and asked what sho meant by scandalising her by accusing her of improper conduct with one M'Dougall. Defendant thereupon ordered her out. but before she could net out the defendant lucked her. This was the assault. The judgo gave a verdict for the plaintiff for £5, with costs. Mr. Morri son appeared for tho plaintiff, and Mr. Spensley conducted tho caso for the de fendant. The Mount Gambler Standard writes : — ' Mount Schanck, which 1 as an interior like a monster bow], is generally sup poBed by geologists to havo been in a state of repose for the last twelve hun dred years or thereabouts. We havo received some startling intelligence from a correspondent at Allandale, which would seem to indicato that, like Vesuvius, after a lapse o: many centuries, it was about to break out into new life. Tho letter we have had says — ' It seems tho volcanic fires at or near Mount Schanck are not altogether extinct. Mr. Howard, of Kingsley, informs me that he has seen smoko issuing from the fissures in the ground in the Cavo Paddock. I shall visit the placo as soon as I can with a view of reporting moro fully.' ' The stringent action now being taken by tho police, against all publicans found sell ing liquor on Sunday, is beginning to have some effect, and on tho evening of Sunday last very few houses wero to bo found open. At the District Court yesterday, however, eleven publicans wore summoned for allow ing liquor to be drunk on thoir licensed pre mises at various hours on Sunday, 12th inst. The summonses against James Bolger, Australasian Hotel, Elizabeth-street, and Win. Armstrong, American Hotel, Swan Bton-street, wero dismissed, as it was Bhown that the persons who had been found drink ing on tho premises resided there. Ellen Ryan, of tho Harp of Erin Hotel, Madeline street, was fined in the small penalty of 10a. and 10s. costs, as sho said sho had only just commenced tho business, and was unaware that she was offendinp. George Watmough, landlord of tho Royal Wail Hotel, Bourke and Swanston sweets, was fined 40s., with 20s. costs. ?This defendant was fined only last week for a similar offence, and Inspector Bnrton stated that on more than one occasion ho had cautioned him against keeping hia housoopen. Adelaide Nissen, of Nissan's Cafe, Bourke Btreet, was fined 20s. with 15s. costs ; and we following defendants wore fined 15a. with 10s. costs :— John Tnrner, Hughes' Family Wotel, Ballarat-street, Carlton ; Patrick Har rington, Gldbo Hotel, Victoria-street ; John Glpvor, Sir Walter Scott Hotel, Elizabeth street ; Thomas Griffin, Foresters' Arms, Drummond-Btreot, Cariton ; Arthur Koefo, Emu Hotel, Pclham and Bouverio streets, Carlton ; and Charles AVright, Mistletoo Hotel, Victoria-street. In inflicting theso fines, Mr. Call said that if the small ponalty had no effeot in putting a stop to the prac tice, tho next tirao tho defendants were brought before him ho would inflict much heavier fines. Tho inquest on tho body of tho male child found in a watercloset in a right-of-way off Little Latrobo-street, on tho morning of Thursday last, was hold yesterday at tho morgue by Dr. You], and resulted in a verdict of wilful murder boing ro turned. Tho following was the evi dence taken : — Charles James, a night man, living in Victoria-parade, said he was emptying tho closet in question, and among the night soil found tho body, which was quito naked. Thero was nothing with it to load to its identification. Anno Murphy, a washerwoman, living in one of three houses composing the right-of-way off Little Latrobo-street, said thoro was only one closet for tho three houses. Sho knew nothing of tho deceased child. Tho yard was open, and anyone could pass from tho rightof way into if. About t\vo months ago sho found a woman sleeping in tho water closet. Constable ICnox received tho body from tho first witness, at 2 o'clock on the morning of tho 14th inst., and took it to tho morgue Tho child could not have been long dead when found, and tho polico had been unable to discover the porson who exposed it. Dr. Neild mado the post mortem examination, and found it had been born at tho full timo. It was well developed and fairly nourished. Tho navel string was torn about five inches from the body. Thero wero no other marks of violence. From the appearanco of tho lungs, it was plain that tho child had breathed, but tho whole of tho intornal organs wero much congested. Witness believed that deceased had been born at tho full time, that it breathed perfectly, and that it was suffocated — in all Erobability intentionally — soon after its irth. Ho believed deceased had been dead about a week from tho 18hli. Tho jury re turned a verdict that tho child was wilfully and maliciously murdered by somo person or peraons unknown, on or about tho 12th inst. The Soutli. Australian Rr/jlster of tho 14th inst., says :— ' No doubt some acci dent has occurred to a largo ship during tho lato gales, as a figurehead, about 9 ft. long, somewhat in tho form of a fiddlo end, elaborately gilt, and ornamented with scrollwork, came ashore in Eastern Covo, American Stiver, Kangaroo Island, and is now there hauled up out of tho water.' Tho Bendigo brokors do not scorn at all satisfied with tho modo in which their Melbourne brethren conduct their operations, if tho following extract from tho BcndUio Advertiser is to bo taken as a correct expression of Bendigo feeling : — ' Thero is a great complaint amongst our brokers about tho manner in which the Molbouruo people transact business. Their system is represented as being sufficient to ruin any stock or district, were it not for tho stanch manner in which our local mon hold to stocks, and defy tho pettifogging stylo of Melbourne operators. Theso indivi duals will, for instance, rush into a stock when it is going up, and send tho price to a very high liguro ; then, instead of holding and keeping tho stock iirm, they tako some absurd alarm, and frantically rush all their shares into tho market, and by this proce dure causo tho very best stocks to fall. This want of firmness in holding has coBt Mel bourne speculators very dear, and has often been tho cause of loss to them, even when they hold stock that would roturn them back their purchase money ia dividends, if they had only tho common bouso to wait. The best stock cannot bear an unlimited amount of shares being (lung into tho market.' ' A melancholy and fatal accident,' writes last Tuesday's Bathurst Times, ' occurred about half-past four o'clock yesterday after noon in tho rear of the residence of Mr. W. Booth, of Lambert-street, by which a wo man named Mrs. J. Phillips lost her lifo. It appears that sho was engaged in washing for Mrs. P. H. Rodwell, who lives next door, and was drawing tho water she required from Mr. Booth's well. About the time mentioned Mrs. Booth and Mrs. Rodwell heard tho noiae of the windlass of tho well going round with great velocity, and they went at onco into the yard. Upon examining tho well, tho bucket was found to bo at the bottom, and all tho ropo was expended. Thoy suspected that some accident had be fallen Mrs. Phillips, as she was observed to go to the well a few minutes previously by a girl who had also been attracted to tho spot By tho noise of tho windlass. Assistance was sent for, and a very old man named Warrels was soon on the spot. Tho bucket was then pulled up, and it was full of water of a deep red hue. It was at once emptied, and tho old man was lowered down by Mrs. Booth and Mrs. Rodwell, when he found Mrs. Phillips at tho bottom of the well quito dead. A ropo was lowered, and Warrels and thodead body wore at onco hauled up. Mrs. Phillips's remains were then discovered to be in a fearful state. Gaping orifices were to be observed on the top of the head, through which the brain was plainly visible. The face was also frightfully mutilated, and there were large gashes on the cheeks and forohead. In fact, tho head appeared to be smashed to pieces, and her featnres were scarcely recognisable. Dr. M'Donagh was in attendance when the deceased's body was landed, but his en deavors wero, of course, of no avail. As soon as possible tho body was removed to tho hospital. The deceased, whose husband has been dead for some time, was a steady and industrious woman, and her untimoly death has cast quito a gloom over tho neigh borhood in which the sad accident occurred. The poor woman must have bled a great deal, as tho water which was emptied from tho well last night was deeply dyed with blood. ' It is so very seldom that a man dies and comes to lifo again a short tiuio afterwards tfiat when a startling fact similar to this does occur it is generally wortli chronicling. ' It seems, ' according to the C'olac Observer, ' ' that a man named Samuel Talbot, a laborer, re siding in Colao becoming suddenly indisposed, the services of Dr. Rae were called in, and after tho usual medical inspection tho man was ordered to bed, and the doctor departed to obtain tho necessary remedies. While away a message was sent to him that Talbot had suddenly Bhuffled off this mortal coil ; am', believing the statement to bo true, though somewhat surprised, he drew out tho necossary certificate stating the causo of death. The friends of tho supposed deceased man immediately took tho necessary utepg for the funeral, tho undertaker and the registrar ot deaths having been informed of the mournful event, and no doubt chuckling at tho- thought that business in their line was looking up. In tho houso where Talbot was laid ' straight out upon his bed,' was gathered a number of women, and mourning and lamentation could be heard, the friends weeping for the poor man, and would not be comforted. When lo ! Talbot opened his eyes, and stared around him with marvellous surprise at the scene which was being enacted in his houso. Of course, the women screamed, and covered thoir faces, forming all manner of thoughts about ghosts, and it was afterwards found that Talbot had merely swooned away, and had been in a sort of tranco for a number of hours. Tho undertaker was compelled to desist making tho coffin, the registrar destroyed his certificate, and the doctor indulged himself with a hearty good laugh. The joy of' tho friends can, of course, be better imagined than described. ' Verdi's opera, I Vespri Sicilian!, was re peated last evening to a large and fashionable audience, among whom was Lady Manners Sutton and other members of his Excellency's family. The opera went from tho opening chorus to tho finale with smoothness and grand effect, the several artists being in splendid voice, while the chorus sang with greater steadiness and correctness than they Save previously done this season. The opera is announced for repetition this evening. Tho star o{ hiogroie minstrelsy is at pre sent decidedly in the ascendant at Weston's pretty little opera houso, crowded houses being at present the rule. The entertain ment last evening received its full share of tho public patronage, tho houso being well filled, while the varied and excellent programme of songs, dances and eccentricities was re ceived with tho customary manifestations of delight. Domestic dramas of the Mary Warner type, apparently, despite their improb ability, appear to auit tho taste of a large sec tion of the theatre-goiDg public. Throughout tho past week*thi3 play kaB been presented to good houses, and judging from the recep tion with which it was met last evening, is likely to run for some considerable tlino to come. On tho principlo that practice makes perfect, all the parts are played with greater evenness than on its earlier representations, and as some of the moro glaring of tho cru dities have been softened down, as a whole the play goes with far better effect. Tho fourth grand military concert in aid of the band fund of tho Carlton Rifles, was held last night in the Orderly-room, Grattan-strect. The attendance was very good, and tho concert and the quadrille assembly afterwards wero both eminently successful. Madamo Victorino Pctt presided at tho piano, and during the evening per formed a solo, tho Scottish Chimes, by Holmes, in a manner which electri fied tho audience. Miss Annie Bramloy sang Love's Request, by Reichardt, and received a wollj doaorved encore. Mr. Brown gavo Russell's descriptive Bcena of the Ship on Fire, with good offoct Mrs. Poryman was also much applauded in Denbv's song of the Merry Bella of England, and Sir. J. Cowan, by his comicalities, thoroughly put the audience in good humor, being oncorcd three times before they would lot him go. During the night the band did its part towards ensuring the success of the concert and tho quadrille assembly which took placo afterwards. Mr. W. Stoneham acted as conductor. Publication Reobivrd. — Amas Thome and other Poems, by Paul Wentworth. A very read able little volume of poems, ?published by Mr. Mullen, of Collins-street cast. The Hon. Manncrs-Sutton and tho Rov. J. E. Sandys have taken their passage per steamer Wonga Wong.i, to sail from Sydney on tho 30th inst., under the command of that old favorito, C'apt. J. Stewart, late of tho Aldinga. 