THE STAGE. v Burlesque and sensation plays have, for the nonce, retired to the background, and the boards of the Theatre Royal have been occupied by the legitimate drama and high-class comedy; The new era, which will not be of long duration, was ushered in by Sheridan's glorious comedy of " The School for Scandal," which served to intro- duce to a Melbourne public Miss Florence Colville, an Australian actress, who has made a hit in New South Wales and Queensland, besides enabling tbem to renew their acquaintance with Mr. William Hoskins, an artist whose worth has been made more apparent by an absence of three yeara. Mian Colville undertook the part of Lady Teazle, a somewhat ambitious effort for one comparatively new to the profession and stage business, and whose performance was sure to be criticised by the standard of other Lady Teazles who have gone before her. Miss Colville has been weighed in the balance and found not wanting. She possesses the advantages of youth, a most pleasing appear ance, and a fine voice capable of great modulation. Her enunciation is - clear and distinct, and her action is graceful and full of verve. With such powerful adjuncts at her command, it was no difficult matter for Miss Colville to ingratiate herself with the audience. In the first part of the play her conception of the character was marked by a touch of crudeness, and want of truly feminine entourage, that marred the effect of her spirited actipg and vivaoious byplay, In (he screen scene, however, Miss Colville showed that J she could soar far above, stage mediocrity, t, There 1 was a touch of true majesty iri ' the way she denounced the hypocritical fabrications of Joseh Surface, and, at the risk of ber 'l6wn reputation and her husband's favour, acknowledged she had been imposed upon by the fair speeches and: glib j tongue " of the man of sentiment." '' The mixed indignation and loathing at the conduct of Joseph ! Surface were well expressed ; while the emotional outbreak at the end of the scene 'was given naturally, and with great feeling. Mr. Hoskins ! appeared as Charles Surface, and seemed to have taken a new lease of what Goethe denominates Jlegeljdhre . Like Charles Mathews, be seems to be possessed of the elixir of youth, and, like old J wine, to improve with age. Charles Surface was played with that rattle and dash which is so familiar to Melbourne playgoers, and was marked throughout by the utter absenceof anything, either in language or action, that infringed upon the conventionalities of good society, or betrayed the audience into forgetting that the. fast scapegrace of morally iconoclastic proclivities was other than a gentleman. Mr. Rogers was admirable as Sir Peter Teazle. His transitions from marital stern ness to senile fondness were delicious, and his confidences about the little milliner supposed to be concealed in the room of the immaculate Joseph were provocative of unrestrained mirth. Mr. Harwood made a good Sir Oliver Surface, and Mr. Ireland played Sir Benjamin Backbite carefully ; while Mr. Greville, as Crabfcree, could not refrain from giving here and there isolated touches that reminded one of Dominick the Deserter or Tobias ! Truckle, instead of keeping steadily to the character the name of which should be a sure indication of the line, of delineation to be observed. " Mr. C. Hall's Joseph Surface was as angular aB himself, and he will persist in speaking as if by the process of metempsychosis the ghost of Hamlet's father had taken possession of the body of. Mr.. Charles Hall. His style of elocution, though no doubt valuable to fashionable undertakers or the Chad bands of society, is scarcely the thing for light comedy. Mr. Hall has alsp idiosyncrasies of pronunciation which are unique; I should like to know why he persists in making the " o " long in plethora, and making it a round " o " with a ven geance. Mrs. Candour was undertaken by Mrs Crosby, a lady who many years, ago trod the Melbourne boards at the time when the "Spider. Dance" was the attraction, and when John Thomas Smith, on his own account, formed himself into a morality committee. Time was when Mrs. Crosby could make herself heard, and felt, too, for that matter; but " revolving suns and revolving moons" have no doubt had their effect upon the lady, and timidity has increased in pro- I portion to her expanding form. Mrs. Crosby has acquired a bad habit of periodically sinking her voice to such a low pitch that it is a mere matter j of guess-work what she means to say. I cannot I compliment Mrs. Crosby on the success of ber Mrs. Candour. Miss Colville has also appeared in " The Handsome Husband," " The Happy Pair," and " The Critic," and has shown decided, talent. In the two former parts she showed a great aptitude for modern comedy, and has learnt the secret of how to dress. In Tilburina I think a little more of the melodramatic element might have been introduced with good effect. Mr. Hoskins has given us a repetition of his Affable Hawk, a character whieh he makes a sort of care less, lightbearted speculator — a sort of financial ! Mark Tapley, always jolly under any cireum- j stances. Although there is a want of weight in Mr. Hoskins conception of the character, there are touches here and there that cannot be seen without being appreciated. As Puff, Mr. Hoskins was, as nsual, good. I am glad to have such an artist amongst us again, and feel sure that his pupil, Miss Colville, will be an acquisition to the Melbourne stage. The Gregory troupe still continue to enjoy popularity at the Princess' Theatre. A new pro gramme is in force, the chief feature of which ib the ascent of the spiral column on a mammoth ball. The first night it was tried the performer J nearly came to grief. The ball fell off the road way into the pit, to the danger of those below. Young Gregory managed to cling to the column until released. He afterwards accomplished the I feat amidst applause. The dogs also remain immense favourites, especially with the younger, portion of the community. On Saturday, Boucicault's sensation drama, " Formosa," will be produced at the Royal, witfi new scenery and effects. On the same evening, the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre will be reopened, some person having been found ready to throw himself into the breach with a cheque-book in his hand, and a bank account at his back. Scrubbing-brushes, have been at work, and putty and paint . are to ,do wonders. Tom Taylor's " 'Twixt Axe and Crown ?' will be per- formed, the chief characters being undertaken by j Mr. and Mrs. Bandmann, who have returned from Sydney. The Duke of Edinburgh will honour the performance with his presence,. . | Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mathews have returned from Adelaide, and have proceeded to Sandhurst, where they will play an engagement, supported by a portion of the Royal company. They will next go to Castlemaine, and at lhe conclusion of the season they will reappear in Melbourne. I hear that it is probable a legal war will be commenced between certain persons belonging to the theatrical profession. A want of supervision over the " unruly member" is the cause of the embroglio. 1 DOGBERRY, 