STICKING-UP NEAR CHILTERN. A highway robbery with violence was com- mitted on Sunday evening, on the road between Chiltern and Rutherglen. A man named James Carr came into Chiltern, and gave infor- mation to the police that he had been robbed and severely handled by a man armed with a long knife. Senior-constable Rankin having taken a description of the robber, at once despatched Constables Crilly and Nixon, who, after a long search, succeeded yesterday morn- ing in taking their man near the Doma Murgi claim. He is the same man who was brought up at the Chiltem court a short time since, charged with an assault, and is known as Patrick Stanton, alias Jack Muck. He will be brought before the Chiltern bench this morning. Bushranging. — Highway robbery is as com- mon-on the road3 of Victoria, in this the year of grace 1S70 as it was in the vicinity of the EngLsb metropolis hi the'good old days when Farmer George was king. Day after day the same story is dinned into the cars of the public —some oue has been robbed, auJ the police are out in pursuit of. the robbers. This pur suit, unfortunately, is always in vain. The country is " scoured,"' but for some reason or other policemen and bushrangers never fore gather. Why — in the words of the great Ar- teinus — this should be thus, it is hard to make out. Mr Longmore, a tribuue of the people, and ex-minister of the Crown, says it arises from Captain Stanclish's love for metropolitan life. Other tribunes coincide with Mr Long- uiore, auJ suggest as a remedy the sioppiug of Captain Standish's emoluments until all the bushrangers are caught. The matter is one of the uiiuost simplicity in the estimation of- tliese honorable gentlemen ; the chief of the. police has'ouiy to will it, and the bushrangers who have so long troubled the peace of the co lony will at at once quietly submit to be hand cuffed. Now, it is a very easy matter for gen tlemen seated in a luxurious chamber iu the me.ropolis to talk glibly as to the inefficiency of the police. With the shortcomings of the Chief Commissioner we have nothing to do ; he may be nil that Mr Lungmore says, or he may not. As regards the force in this district, we are simply staling the truth' when we say that they have tried their best to capture the ruffian who has so long oeen at large. Some buugiing there was at the outset on the part oi tue officers, but this, by the help oi tho press, was speedLy rectified. Since thou no effort has been spared to ensure the capture of the supposed perpetrator of the many rob beries that have been committed in this part of the colony. Men have gone out day after day, and week after week ; nights have been spent in the bush, and all to no purpo.-e. Against the tactics pursued by Power — or whoever has so long levied contributions on the highways — the few policemen scattered here and there throughout these districts have struggled iu vain. Possessed of a thorough knowledge of the country, this scoundrel has made periodical descents on the settled dis tricts, and afterwards, like a hunted dog, be taken himseif to the ranges. From a certain portion of the population ha — or whoever else has been masquerading in his name — has re ceived succour and information, whiie the police have been misled and deceived. To attribute biame iu tbe reckless way- done in tlie Assembly on Thursday eveuing is both unfair and unjust. It is hard for men wlio have had to wander through thr intricate rauges and valleys of the Ovens uud Murray d.stricts, without receiving a farthing far the trouble beyond their mere pay, to hear themselves blamed for not accomplishing a tusk they tried their best to accomplish. If Power and his brothar bushrangers are in tended to be taken, the Government must materially augment the police force stationed in tue less settled districts. It is not to be supposed that the sending of an additional man, or a couple of men, will at once lead to the capture of suomidreis acquainted with every inch of ground from the Goulbura on oue side to Gipps Laud on the other. Before throwing a stigma on the officials, the Go vernment ought to make sure that they have done their own part in the matter. . Wesleyax Home Missioxauy Society. — a public meeting in connection with the Wes- leyan Church Extension, or Home Missionary Society, will be held in the Wesley Beeclnvorth, oil Wednesday (to-morrowj even ing. The chair will be taken bv Air T. Cooper, and addresses will be delivered by several clergymen and gentlemen. Death of Dr. McMullin. — We regret ;o notico by our telegraph despatches, that Dr J. K. McMullin, who, for the last four years, has practised at Wangaratta, died on Sunday evening, from injuries received uy a fall from his horse on the preceding day. Dr. McMullin has been a resident of the Ovens district ior many years, huviug practised at Chiltern previous to settling at Wangiratia. He leaves a widow and family to regret his untimely decease. Hotel Property at Laceby. — On Wednes day (to-morrow), Mr Alexander Tone will sub mit to pubric competition, at Michell's Royal Victoria Hotel, Wangaratta, the valuable free hold property known as the Laceby Hotel, situate at the junction of the King River and Oxley and Greta roads. The hotel is at pre sent in the occupation of Mr Thomas Bowdren, and is doing a good trade. A Novel Racecourse. — In a case of furious riding heard at the El Dorado Police Court, oil Friday, the prosecuun ; eonstaole stated that the accused had been acting the part of a starter in a horse race on the mam street. Defendant did not deny tue comtabie s stite- lnent. but co itende I ih.it the pace at which he was proceeding could uot be characterised as furious ridiug. Ike bench was unaole to deal with the case, owing to there using some uucertamtv as to whether the Ponce Offences Statute had been extended to El Dorado. No comes of the Government Gazette could be found to show whetl or the provisions of the Act hid been so extended, and an adjourn ment ior a fortm ght was granted to the poll e to allow them to procure a nio of the Gazette. It this extension has not been made, it is high tune that it should be, as m a populous place like El Dorado, it is too bad that the streets should be rendered unsafe. BEECHWORTH Warden's Court; — The case of Collins, Greely, and Hatch against John Thomas and Ah kin, for interfering wit.i the working oi a claim at the Three Mile wis called on at tue Beech vorth Warden s Court, yesterday; and adjourned till Thursday, to afford defendants' counsel time to procure the notes of tbe oncinnl survey from Melbourne The case of Gladstone and otuers v Henry Varlev, was likewise postponed to the same day. SOLD [??? ???] With reference to a well known [???]nt, which has had a very irritating [???] on a number of storekeepers in this portion of the colony, a metropolitan journal says:- Allen's scab ointment-- ami foot-" "I was u is a godsend to tbe geut,emen who do right to decorate :tiiouiso:ves in horse hair and bombazine. It is like a ghost which will not be laid, and aupears to have peculiar cbavms for country storekeepers. On Fiid.i'y a Mr Hillerraan was sued in tho Supreme Court by a Mr Mowimu and auooher. for the value of a bill for £42 15s 41, winch he had given under the usual circumstances attending this class of actions, and he lias to pay the piper, a verdict being given against lnm for the amount. Declined.-— The person who forwarded an advertisement respecting "Alexander Sime," of Running Creek, will be returned the amount of postage stamps enclosed in lua communica tion, by culling at the ouice of this. journal. Sons and Doma Consols Company (Regis tered) Chiltern. — The manager repoiis lmuer date Saturday. May 21sa, as follows: — No- 1 sknit, vioUl of gold liierefroin, 128 Oxs. No 2 slims, inaru drive driven a total distance of 860 feet from the shalt; or within 90 ieet of tue deepest bore. There are sine lu.heatious ot washrhrt being over the root of the drive, but at too high a level to be able to form a correct opinion of its value. A prospect will nt afi probability be obtained iu nuont a week or nine davs hence, or perhaps earner. Stanley Athexteum. — The second of the series of popular entertainments in aid of ! this institution will take place this evening. There is every probability of a/largo audience j being present, as several well-known amateurs i from Beeolrwortk have promised their as- | sistance. . . I Tea Meeting in the Town Hall. — This | evening a tea meeting, to celebrate the esta- ; blisbment of Tent Albion, Independent Order ; of Reehabites, at Beechworth, will be held in .. the Town Hall. The society being now both numerous and influential, has determined that no exertions shall be spared to make the affair a thorough success. The material portion of ! the entertainment will, it is said, be very ' superior, while for the intellectual part, several I clergymen and gentlemen have consented to ! furnish speeches. I Lecture. — An advertiscmentintimatesthat ; on Thursday evening next, Mr J. L. JMatheson ! will deliver a lecture in lit George's Hall, ; Beechworth, on " The Writings of Charles Dickens." The lecture will be accompanied with illustrative readings. Judging by the creditable style in which Mr Matheson . acquitted himself on the occasiou of his recent ' lecture on Cromwell, a numerous audience ; may be expected. i Examination of School Teachers. — Au ' examination of teachers and candidates for employment in Common Schools will be held ! at Beechwcrtli on Friday, the Stli of July. ' Candidates will be required to give " notice of their intenthn to attend, ' addressed to Mr Brodribb, inspector of schools, Beechworth, not later than the the 19tli of June. Particu- . lars appear in our advertising columns. Star of toe East Company. — The half- yearly general meeting of shareholders will be held iu the office. Camp-street, Beechworth, on Tuesday, the 3tst inst, at eleven a.m. B iyer Navigation. — We are glad to notice that steps have beeu taken to obviate the in- | convenience and annoyance experienced by ; shippers and consignees of goods by the Upper I Murray steamers, in consequence of having no representative on the spot. Mr-Win. H. Easterb.y notifies his intention of carefully examining, weighing, and despatching at lowest i current rates of carriage ail goods com- i uiitted to his charge at Wanguuyah. We have i no doubt tbe services of an experienced for- j warding agent will he duly recognised by con- | signers an l shippers. I Lect jre at Wa -:ga r.vcta. — The residents of j Wangaratta have been promised an instructive | entertainment ibis evening, in the form of a lecture on " Abyssinia," by Archdeacon I Tucker. No doubt the ror. lecturer will be prepared to give au interesting account of the 1 rail so despotically ruled by King Theodore, whose restless ambition prompted him to seek too close an alliance with tho Royal Family of Great Britain. The Nokth Eastern Railway. — A decision has at length been arrived at with respect to I h.' tenders fortheNoith Eastern railway. It will be remembered, says the A rgus that the successful tenderers for sections A, B, and D having declined to guarantee the performance of the works of section G at prices wliich would bring the cost of tho whole four sections witum the engiucev-in-chief's estimate, viz., £305,553, the Commissioner of Railways, on Thursday last, sent for Messrs O'Grulv, L rggatt, and Nooiirin, and in qui red whether tuey wcro prepar ed to amend their tend.-.r, which amounted 10 £31(5.109. so as to bring it within the estimates of tbe department. On Friday tbe firm bad a second interview with the Commissioner and tho engineev-in-chief on the same subject, anl after vainly endea vouring to secure the contract on tho terms of their first tender — £305,503 — they a ;reed to take it np for £305,553, which exactly repre sented the estimate of cost mad.) by tho engincer-in-chief. It will thus be seen that the contract price is several hundred pounds under their first tender, about £10,600 under their seeoud tender, aud about £1.1,800 above that of Mr W. Porter's previous tender for the whole work. We understan 1 that the deposits made by the different tenderers, with the exception of Messrs T. Donovan and Co.'s, will be returned. A Novel Industry. — A novel method of earning an honest penny — novel, at lsast, so far as this portion of the colony is concerned — was being practiced by a person of a specula tive turn of mind at El Dorado, last week. In the main street were a number of donkeys, saddled and bridled, which were let out to the juveuile portion of the population, at a charge of 6d a ride. The competition for the animals was extremely spirited, and for two or three hours, the street presented the appearance of a minature racecourse, crowds of children sur rounding nnd following the animals which appeared to be general favorites. The Convict Wee Cow. — Nothing has yet been done iu the case of the convict Wee Cow, against whom sentence of death was recorded at the last Beechworth Circuit Court, for wounding with intent to murder. There was no meeting of the Executive Council on Friday, owing to the Government being octnpied in preparing their despatches for the mail. AUCTION Sale. — Mr Wm. Shenstone has been instructed by the official assignee in the insolvent estate of J. Underwood and Son, tiu- smiths, Corowa, to dispose of at public auction, the stock-in-trade, comprising a variety of tin Avare, suited for local storekeepers; also, a quantity of materials suited for tin- smiths. Rumoured New Gold-field. — To parties well acquainted with the outward indications of a gold-field, the flats along the banks of the Murray have always suggested the probability of there being a rich gold deposit -honeat-h To our knowledge (says the Border Post) gold was obtainable m a gully leaning to the river, though we confess it was not got m parable quantities : but now there appears so b2 some thing tangible, from tho fact chat parties have found gold again at Talgarno, and have unade application to Mr Harkms. acting C.P.S- at Wodonga, for miner s ri flits. Should this ground turn out good it will do much for the Anmry and Wodonga districts, an I in fact will revolutionise things altogether in the Upper Murray district, for there is no doubt the land is all more or less auriferous, the onlvqtieshoa being as to its paying qualities, and this fact would almost appear to be set at rest by theso prospjctmg parties coming m to Wodonga for their rights. Sly Grog. — A large number of sly grog cases were brought befo re the El Dorado Police Court on Friday, but all excepting one were dismissed. In the wholo of these cases, rather hard swearing took place, and one witness named Meacham . particularly distinguishing himself bv the jocular manner m which he gave his evidence- So offensive was this witness's conduct in the box tnat the bench found it necessary to repri mand hun for the way m which- he gave his ovideaco. A great deal ot sympithv appeared to be felt by the audience —rather' a lure one — with offenders against the revenue law I -a ea di case where a decision was given in f.vor oi tbe defendants, loud applause- fol lowed, which there -was scarcely au attempt to suppress. The Police Magistratcy. — On Sunday, Mr J H Alley, for some time police magistrate and warden at Wood's Point, and who succeeds Mr Butler, as P.M. and warden for Beech worth , Yackaudandah. Chilturn, ctc., . ftmvecl at the head- quarters of his ne.v appointment- . Mr Butler will leave for tne .scone, of jig? new. . official duties, in the neighborhood oi the metropolis, at. the close of the/wee. . , 4 OVE>fS AND I\lu HHAY : A GUICTJ I>T UH.U> S O gi E XT: . — The annual general meeting of subscribers to the above-named society will be helcL-at tne Roval Hotel, Wangaratta, at two o'clock,. to- , morrow (Wednesday), for the purpose of re ceiving report, adopting balance sheet, and electing officers for the ensuing year. . It. A3 expected there will be a numerous attendance. Ovens Benevolent Asylum. — The secretary requests us to intimate that gifts or left oil clothing Avonld, now that tne cold weather has set in, be thankfully received. Parcels ad dressed to Mr Fvfe, secretary, v, ill oe grace fully acknowledged. . . The Liverpool and London and surance Company.— At the thirty-fonrt-h an nual general meeting of tiie proprietors held at Liverpool in the month 01 Fcornary, the d vecors' report mentioned that m the fire department the premiums had amounted to £901 61612s lid, and the losses to £461, 50o 17a 9d In the life department tnere were received 1491 proposals ior insurance; 1 130 policies ha. 1 been- issued, 133 proposals uad been declined, and 173 accepted , 146 Londa . had been issued for unniiitiCa, and 70 unuiu tents had died; Tne valuation oi the Lfc liabilities, winch is made every ten yeais, uad just been completed. The result disappointed the expectations, because after much con- , sideration the directors had deemed it more prudent to adopt a diffejent principle -in j valuing the bonus policies from that which j was. followed iu 1S59. Looking to the past | experience of the company, it might be con- j sidered by some that too cautious a system had been pursued, when it was found that . instead of the large surplus that would have j been shown had the principle of 1859 been i acted on, a small deficiency had been pro- j duced ; it must be remembered that the li.'e j funds would derive the benefit of the change, I and that, as a consequence, very gratifying ; results might be looked for from tbe next valuation. Having regard to this alteration in policy, the board had it in contemplation to shorten the period which the valuation would iuclude. There was no alteration either in tho capital or in the reserve surplus fund of the company. It was determined to appro priate in dividend a similar sum as last year, namely, £117,525 12s, of which a payment of 10 per cent, on account had already been made, and warrants for the balance of 23 per cent, free of income tax, would immediately he issued, payable on tho 5th March. Mining in the Beechworth Division. — At Reed's Crock and Weolshed, as in most other portions of the district, the mining in terest is iu a depressed and languishing condi tion. Comparatively few European parties are at work along the course of the creek, an.l the j old workings have quite a deserted appearance, From most of the claims held by Europeans, the returns barely exceed moderate wages, although there are exceptional cases in which good yields are beiug got. The Chinese muster somewhat strongly, in both localities, aud a few parties are carrying on operations on a rather extensive scale. The superior plant at work in some of the claims shows that the celestials are receiving returns for their un tiring perseverauce. Now that there is the appearance of line weather having sot in for a time, it is probable that an abundant supply of water will infuse fresh vigor into mining operations in theselocaiities. A great deal of . the ground has already been turned over again and again, but still there are consider able areas which, with an abundant supply of AA-ater, would pay- for the Avorking. Ex-Detective Walshe. — Referring to tho public meeting, held in the town hall, Mel bourne, on Friday, for the purpose of raising subscriptions for the bereaved Avite and family of the unfortunate man Walshe, who lost his life iu attempting to save Mr G. P. 'Smyth from the at.tnok of an assassin, the A:/e remarks : — ." It earns out, however, in the course of conversation at the meeting, that there is at ieast one Shy lock in Melbourne AA'ho will demand his pouud of flesh to the utmost limit, ior itAvas stated that while tho holders of the bill of sale. over the stock and furniture of Walshe, had promptly promised to forego their claims against tue estate, so tiiat the widow migat carry on the business clear of all liabilities, a brewer of Melbourne, AAho had obtained a verdict against deceased for the paltry sum of £10, with £i 2s Gd i tw costs, when asked to forego his claim, declined to do so, aud demanded payment of tiis debt. When this statement was made at the ineet- iug_ a genera! feeling of i ul.guation appeared in ali present, and the name of the bre.ver iu question was demanded, so that it might be generally kuown, but this was refused, rather unwisely, perhaps." A New Birrnxa Machine. — Adverting to the exhibition of an extremely useful inven tion, n mely, a bottling machine, exhibited ou Friday last, at the cordial manufactory of Mr Dixon, Roslyn-stree , Melbourne, the Age remarks : — " Tne machine is eapaale of bot tling forty dozen of giuger- oeer or so I tw iter in one h .raw though it is doubtful if the hand labor couid keep up this speed. One clever innovation i:i .his invention is that instead of the ordinary cor!;, a wooden stopper mounted wit.h indiarubber is used, and when the con tents are required to be taken out the stopper is push 'd in, and with the machinery eau be "excractel and used again, so that the stopper lasts as long as the bottle. Mr Dixon deserves to l>e supported for introducing the machine to the Melbourne public." Qgeen's Btp.rHDAY Re-toiccngs. — To-day, the anniversary of Her Majesty's birthday, will, as is customary amongst her loyal subjects of tbe Ovens and Murray districts, be observed as a general holiday. In most of the towns preparations have been made for giA'ing holiday makers an opportunity of enjoying themselves. At Beechworth, athletic sports and horse racing are announced to take place at the Black Springs, while on tbe cricket ground teams composed of " insiders " and ! " outsiders " will have a tussel for the palm i of victory. The Wangaratta Racing Club have ' provided a nice little programme, and the " entries for the Birthday Handicap show that i some first- class racing may be expected. At j Wahgunyah, hack races are announced, the amount of prizes offered being such as to r Avarraut fair fields and the promise of capital j amusement. All these affairs— should' the ! proverbial Qneou's weather prevail — are likeiy - to receive their fair share of patronage. | Victorian Water Supply — In a recent ! issue we directed attention to the fact that Mr - Kurfi-r Iliad succeeded in extracting a promise from the Minister of Mines that the require- ments of the Ovens district in the matter of water supply would receive every attention : from the Government so soon as the proposed j loan came under consideration. It may not > be altogether out of the wav to note the sums ; already expended for water supply t'uronghont ' various portions of the eolonv. From a state ment recently laid before Parliament, " show- ' ing the works or purposes for or in respect of < allien moueys, during the year 1869, have been appned out of the Waterworks Loan," it ap- : pears that the total amount voted for Castle maine and Sandhurst was £56.422 16s lid; Geelong, £35,471 10s 7d; Ballarat, (loan' to borough councils) £60,000; Eclmca, £67 18s 10Jj sundry districts (costs ot surveys) £123 7s oil, total, £153,090 13s 9d. Where, and oh Avher;, are the £100,030 which was set down for the Ovens district, and wncre, and oh viheie are the £20.030 uselessly expended m surveys. Mr Kerferd was altogether too thin-skinned when he mentioned that at the time tue House had been applied to for a second loan he ha I retrained from pres«mg tLe claims of his district, because it was felt de arable thit tbe sc isms already initiated shonl.l be completed as soon as possible- We should hie to know a little more about the £36,564 set dowu o; " contract works " for the large joe known as the Cohoan scheme undert .ken daring Mr Sullivan s term of office ana contracted for bvMr O'Keefe. . ' Sale at Cohoav.a. — On Tnursday next a sale will be held under a writ of /i. fa., at . Br.idj's store, Corowa. Among the miscel laneous articles to be offered is one haif-acra of land at Corowa. y Deputy Registrar. — Mr .William McKay has been appointed dep itv registrar of births and deaJis iof the di t.iot of Freoburgn 