T COUNTY ' FAMILY. CHArir.il XX. — AFTER 1.0X0 MONTHS. If Mr. Waller imagined that, in dolault ot gaining possession of tho history of AV illiarn Blackburn's past, the knowledgoof the nature of his indisposition would still afford biin sorao hold upon his young Incnii, no was i.uuu iu ><u disappointed ; since, in tho first place, D. 1. was a malady not altogether unknown at Kodcombo Hall, for the Squire's brother diaries had had moro than ouo bout of it ; and secondly, Mr. William himself was no moro sonsitivo about the malady in question than if it had been tho gout. Tho very simplicity of this gentleman's character — that i , his coarso and immoly habits of vico — made 'in difficult to deal with for tho cx-M.P. (who : ,-,d boon accustomed to influcuco raon in a gh state of civilisation, if not of -'-..tolligencc), v r.d puzzled him, just as one ignorant of tho so of tho small-sword will sometimes puzzle a accomplished fonco. When, for instance, a few days after this attack, Mr. Wallor expressed his pleasure at seeing tho young Squiro up and about again, tho latter replied, with startling frnuknoss : " Well, I bcliovo what you say for onco, Mr. Smoothtonguo, for, if I had popped off tho hooks, it would havo spoiled a nico little gamo of your own, I reckon." If Mr. Waller had had to consult his own feelings only, ho would certainly not havo romaincd, and far less havo suffered Lucy to remain, a guest at Kedcotubo after that speech ; but ho could no longer afford to indulgo his own self respect, a luxury which, to say truth, he had been accustomed to moro or less forego for many yoars. His affairs wore getting into greater embarrassment daily, aud no other oscapo seemed to offer than that ho had onco looked upon as an eligible course, but which ho was now obliged to own to himsolf was iu fact a dosperato roraedy. Ho had not tho courago to speak to his daughter upon the subject ; but she well understood his critical position, and could perceive, he hoped, for herself the prossitrg necessity that compelled him to wish lior to become William Black burn's wifo. Her conduct was such as tc mako him daily reproach himself with the cruelty of a sehomo which he adhorcd to j' novortholess ; and though sho had always dono his bidding, it astonished him by its dutifulness. That sho should ovinco tho slightest liking for tho man who, short as hor acquaintance had been with him, had disgraced himself half-a-dozon times in hor very presenco by intoxication or bad languago, and of whose conduct iu tho houso aud village there woro already so many ovil reports that it was scarcely possible but that somo had reached hor oars, was not to bo oxpected ; but it was something, and moro than Mr. Wallor had hoped for, that sho did not shrink from tho young Squiro with abhorrence. Sho allowed him, if not to pay her court, to bo moro gracious to her than to others, and rather ignored his clumsy advances than foi'bado thorn. TI1030 attentions, indeed, now that ho understood sho was not his neico's humble companion, were not so rudo and undisguisod as heretofore, but thoy woro such as a young girl of spirt might havo naturally onough resented, especially in a suitor whom sho regarded with disfavour, and yet sho did not resent them. Sho even listened with patience to Mrs. Blackburn's dissertations upon tho character of hor son, which perforce did not ' so ofton tako tho form of oulogiuin (as thoy had dono before his arrival), as of apology for his faults ; and why should sho do this unless sho had made up her miud to mako oxeuses for thorn herself. . Not only did hor father argue thus, but Mrs. Blackburn also, who was as anxious for the match us he, and much moro hopeful of its results ; and so those two at least began to believe that in due course of time the thing was likely to come to pass. Curiously enough, however, this belief did not seem to be shared by the old Squire, who had so eagerly expressed liis- approval of the plan, or if it did, the con templation of it seemed no longer to afford him pleasure. He had become of late a changed and broken man, and went about like one weighed down by some burden, too heavy for him to bear. Some thought that in his old age tho strong will which had supported him through half a century of hardships, had at last given way, and that he was fairly cowed by tho rude profigate, his son. But the observant cx-M.P. held that there was some other cause which bowed that stalwart frame, and thinned those grey hairs day by day so visibly ; for in the lirst place he manifested a groat repugnance to William Blackburn, if not an absolute loathing, yet he showed no fear of him ; and Uamed iq on occasion against that social offender, so thai the culprit shrank before his ire ; and in tin second place William behaved himsolf witl some respect towards his father, for a reasoi; which Mr. Waller had not far to seek, am under an infl uenco of which that manager o men was very jealous, tie well porceneu that it was to M'r. Herbert Stanhope that all improvements in the young Squire's behaviour were owing, and envied him the possession of that rod of iron with which he ruled, so ad vantageously for the general good — if not for his own. As to wether Stanhope was gaining ground iu Miss Ellen's good graces or not, Sir. Waller could not decide, nor was it indeed of much interest to him to know. The pair were not often, so far as lie could observe, or could learn from his daughter, alone ; and, indeed, with the exception of the old Squire, who shut himself up more than ever in his little room, in company only with his bottle of strong waters, the inmates of tho Manor house herded together a good deal, now tho young Squire was arrived, just as small birds keep close company when a hawk is hovering. Tele a letes was not frequent, and still less a solitari ness which might bo intruded upon by tho un welcome Mr. William, whose presence beneath that roof had also a marvellous effect in keep ing it free from occasional visitors. Nobody . that had not a special reason for it put them selves in tho way of meeting the new arrival, who was oven in the middle of tho day as likely to be in liquor as not. Even Mr. Mow bray Moffat avoided the place, as indeed ho had good reason to do, for he had experienced the young Squire's insolence. The house, in short, was tabooed, as Anthony Blackburn had prophesied it would ho. Lucy never left it, even for the garden, unless accompanied ; but Ellen, when her uncle was supposed to bo safely disposed of for the morning— and -tins safest place was the skittle alley attached to tho public-house iu the village, where lie liked to surround himself with a few choice sycophants — occasionally took long walk? alone. Otherwise, if he found the opportunity, ho would reproach her in graceless fashion on the preference shown to her bv hei grandfather, and point out to her the infamou; injustice of these testamentary intentions ot which she could not be ignorant. Her only refuge against snob persecution lay in a quarter to which he felt tolerably confident she would not venture, from maidenly reserve, to apply. I f the good could only profit by the views of tho wicked, as the wicked advantage them selves by the virtues of the good, merit would not so often as it is be its own reward. In onoof these lonely walks of hers, Ellen found herself whoro sho would not havo been had I-Icrbort Stanhopo been at bis own bouse, in tho pinewood that skirted tho grounds of Curlew Hall. The autumn was tar aiiAanceii : but in that odorous and sheltered spot, with tho sunshine striking down where tho clearings woro, and tho keen wind only busy iu the tree-tops, whoro it mado a murmur liko somo distant sea, it scorned to bo summor still. Tho place had becomo a favourite haunt of hers of late ; in its welcome seclusion, aud frosh and fragrant air, she breathed moro freely than olsowlioro, and shook off tho oppression which had settled down on almost all at homo, though on horsolf tho least, another life than that which hard fato had for tho presont assigned to hor. Sho had wandered furtlior than usual, or than sho was aware of, almost to the vergo of tho wood which fringed the hill abovo tho Moscdalo Valley, in a lino with tho oiubank- mont of tho reservoir, whon sho suddenly camo upon what was very rare in that green solitudo, a follow-creaturo, A man with his faco towards her was sitting under a treo, with a book in his hand ; ho was probably sketching, for his fingers movod rapidly ; but, although artists woro not uncommon about Rcdiuoor in tho warm weathor, it was lato in tho season for that migratory race. Sho turned to rctraco her stops, but tho dry twigs eraeklod under hor tread, and ho looked round and roso. It was John Douton. Sho uttered a great cry of joy, and llow towards him — thou stopped in wonder. His faco was palo and sad, aud though ho could nob havo failed to recogniso her, ho did not stir a stop. A strango thought took possession of hor ; it was not himself at all, hut his wraith, coino to toll her that all sho had been living r was iu tho gravo. " John, doar John," cried she, trembling, " why don't you speak to mo ? " Tho tones were sad and hollow enough for auy ghost, which answored : " It is for you to spoak, Ellou, not for mo ; you know all that I would say." Sho moved towards him, stretching out her arms. "Dear John, what is tho matter? What has happened?" "Nothing unusual," said ho coldly, " that is, with persous of your class. I daresay, to you itdoosseom nothing ; but with mo it is far difforont." "Aro you mad, John Denton?" "Not yet, God help no," answored ho bittorly. I hen you will emomber this, John." Sho took from hor josoiu a little notocaso, in which lay a faded sprig of lioathor : ho had plucked it and placod it iu her hand on that walk across tho hills from Slogan when ho asked her to becomo Ui3 wife. " I remember that well," said lie, "only too well. Aro you going to givo it 1110 back ? — as ladies liko yourself give back tho rings and jewels of their old loves when they tako 011 with a now one. — Oh, Nolly, Nolly ! I know that girls woro weak, and that you, boing what you aro, would bo moro triod aud tempted than other girls ; but I did not think you would sell yourself for gold, nay, for less tlirm gold, for an old name, and a long pedigreo with a fool at tho end of it." " As truo as tho bluo sky is abovo us, John, I understand nothing of what you say. What ever dreadful things you havo to toll mo, in Heaven s name, spoalc out. \v unt is it r "Is it possiblo that fourteen months of lifo among fine folks can mako a woman so false as not to know it herself!" answored tho other. " Woll, it is not much mattor, perhaps ; but what I havo heard from ovory mouth at Moscdalo is, that Miss Ellen Blackburn (who was onco so humblo as to think of wedding such a man as T) is plighted to Mr. Horbert Stanhopo, of Curlew ITall." " That is a lie, John." " A lie ! It is ouo that is more \ believed than truth ; the whole town rings with it." " If tho wholo town had told me tho liko of you, John, nay, if tho wholo world had said it, and your lips had not eon firmed their words, I would not havo boliovod it. I have boon tried, indeed — triod by your absence, tried by tho lack of that which is my life- blood, the speech, tho touch, the Iook of him I love, but never tempted, John ; for in tempta tion tlioro is somo attraction, somo delight, and I havo never felt-one touch of joy but in tho thought of you." "Truo heart, forgive mo," exclaimed ho, snatching the woopinggirl to his breast. ' "I am all unworthy of such love, doar girl ; but I havo boon all alono in the world so long, without ono word to gladden me, and with ten thousand of lato to pierco my heart — aud — and you know Sir. Stanhopo is staying at tho Manor-house, Nelly. My very work, wkicLi was onco so clear to me, lias becomo (lat and stalo ; I havo boou in this very placo a score of times, note-book iuliand, as now ; and yet, soo ! nothing has been sot down iu it, because I could tliiulc of nothing, except you ! " " Then that is why I liavo sought this wood so often, John, and loved it ; my heart must havo known that you woro hero, and brought mo hither. But what brought you, dearest ?" " Well, not so much my heart, dear Nolly," said John, smiling, and tenderly smoothing hor brown hair, " but my busiuess. I liavo boon at work at the embankment yonder for somo time ; and whilo my men are at their dinner, I step in horo for solitudo, and to mako certain calculations, tho result of which (as to day) lias boon ofton a blank page." " I knew you had been employed on tho Reservoir, John ; I went thither beforo you camo, ex pressly to ho able to picture you tlioro — but I thought you had gone. Lucy — Miss Waller — told mo that the affair would not keep you above a clay or two." " Ay, that's Mr. Waller, of Mosedale's, daughter, I suppose ; but lior father lias misinformed her altogether. You seo, Nolly," and though his arm was round hor waist, and his eyes looked lovingly into hers, it was curious how abstracted and businoss-liko his tono became, " it's a much more serious job than tlieso directors imagine, and it will put out Flywheel immensely ; but I can't liolp that. The wholo concern wants lookitig to. I liavo boon liukoring it up as well as I can ; hut it's my opinion tho mis chief is deep soated, and must havo a much more effectual roincdy, or tlioro will bo great risk when tho spring comes 011. For my part, I mean to state as much in my report. But tho fact is, the Company havo very little cash, aud don't waut to be involved in oxpensos ; and Flywheel is their engineer, you see, not I. Nothing can bo moro ponny wiso and pound foolish (not to mention tho danger), as it seems to mo. But there, why am I wast- ing precious moments, talking of tlieso dry business matters, when tho dearest girl in the world is waiting to hoar mo say for tho fiftieth time how much I lovo hor ! And I do-.say it, and seal it, my own darling." " I like to hear you talk of your calling, John, and to seo you so interested in it. I am prouder of it and of you than any ono can possibly he of tho tilings you wero decrying just now, such as birth and blood. Nay, it is men liko you who alono mako birth and blood of any value, for who could bo proud of ances tors who have dono nothing !" " A very logi cal view, my clear Nelly," said the young euginccr, his own cheek flushod with some thing of prido ; "but not ouo generally onter- tainod, and especially by your charming sox. Now, I wonder what tho forefathers of this Mr. Hcrhort Stanhopo, for instaueo, havo done to mako tho race so much esteemed ?" " You always wero jealous ot Mr. Stanhope, John," roturncd Ellon smiling ; " aud I havo a groat mind to punish you by praising him. Ho has his faults, and I fear his vices, but I can toll you, that I, in common with all at Rod- combo Manor, havo every day much cause to bo iiidobtocl to him." " To liim ? How so ?" " Because lie is tho only person who has any influouco over Unclo William. — You know my uncle is como back, I suppose ?" " I lrnvo hoard that," said Denton gravely. " Ho is not improved, I am afraid, it half I hoar about him is to bo credited." " IIo is not what ono would wish liim to bo, John," sighed Ellon ; "very far from it. Ho friglitons us all somo- tirnos — oven his mother horsolf ; ho is so strango and violent. Aunt Boss is dead, poor thing ; and 0I1, it's a sad story !" " But he is going to ropair that loss,- as I understand, eh, Nelly ? A widowed lifo does not suit him." " What do you meau, John ?" " Why, is ho not going to marry Miss Waller ? That is what thoy say at Moscdalo." " Lucy marry Uncle William !" exclaimed Ellon. " Why, what will thoy not say at Moscdalo about marriages ? 0 no, John ; I am cjuito suro that is not truo." " Well, it's odd sho and lior father should stay at tho Manor so long, when their own houso is closo by ; although, indeed, for that matter, Mr. Stanhopo docs tho samo. Mr. Waller was so good as to oiler 1110 hospitality, only ho said mattors of urgont importance provented his being at liomo just now." " Yes ; Lucy said you w.ero to bo asked to bo their guest ; but grandfather prossed thorn to stay on with us." " Indeed," said Donton coldly. Ho was naturally in censed with t-lio old people, aud had not even inquired after thorn. " Thon you don't think the young lady is going to bo your aunt-in- law ?" " Most certainly not, John. Sho does not liko Unelo William nor liis ways at all. Oh, they aro such bad ways !" " What do you moan, JNclly r is lie rude ana oruuu r Why do you suffer such things ? Why do you remain under the samo roof with a fellow, when I havo 0110 to offer you ? — not so fine a placo as Rcdcombo, I dare say, but still fit for oven a young lady liko you." " Oil, it isn't | that, John. Youknow how gladlyl would como to you — marry you, my own darling, but " — " But what ? " answered tho young man softly. "Why not bo mino at once, doar Nolly ? Havo you not done onough, suffered enough, for duty's sake ? I will not speak of my own wrotchedness ; but yot I suffer also. Is an old man in his dotago " " Hush, John, liush ! I cannot liston' to such words. Yon know liow good grandfather has beon to mo all mv lifo : aud you must not ask mo to desert him now, whoti ho needs me more than av01. — much moro. I tliiuk it would kill him if I loft him now. Ho has much, vory much to trouble him. Ho is so changed of lato, you would not kuow liim. I am his only comfort, poor old man. Havo patiotico with mo, my own lovo." Sho nestled in his bosom, and pleaded with such tearful oloquonco, that lie could not gainsay her. " I will try to havo patienco, Nelly, for yot a little longer ; it can not bo vory long, suroly." " Patience and faith, darling. Promiso me you will liavo no moro doubts. I am yours till death, and no othor's." "I do boliovo that, dearest." "God bloss you for tlioso words, John ! How thank ful I am to havo hoard you uttor them. But I must gojjow. — No, you must not como with mo, nor ho seen with mo. You know I promised not to meet you ; and then, if Unelo William only guessed What's that ? " Sho started from his arms in terror ; but there was no sound but tho soughing of the wind abovo them! "You aro afraid of this William Blackburn," said Denton gravely. "I must stop that." "No, 110, John; I am not afraid ; at least, not on my own account ; but something dreadful always seems impending. Do not dotain me longer. And remember, doar, have faith." She was gone in a moment, threading the wood with a swift and noiseless stop ; and tho echo of lior latest words sooracd to bo taken up by tho treo tops, which whis- perod ahovo his Load : "Havo faith — liavo faith." (To be continued.) 