Daniel Defoe. THERE are few things more remarkable in literary annals than the sudden revival of interest in the per- sonal character and career of Daniel Defoe. During the century and a-half that has elapsed since the death of that extraordinary man, there was never a time when one at least of his works — "Robinson Crusoe" was not to be found in every British household. But, until recently, little interest seems to have been taken in the personal history and character of the author. Daniel Defoe was born in London, in 1661, and was the son of James Foe, a butcher. He changed his name to Defoe after he had reached manhood. His death took place in April, 1731. He was buried in the Nonconformist cemetery of Bunhill-fields, and his grave having been recently discovered and iden- tified, the editor of the Christian World newspaper suggested that a six-penny subscription should be commenced among the boys and girls of England for the purpose of raising a monument to his memory. The appeal was no sooner made to the youth of Britain than it was promptly responded to by more than 1700 subscribers, all eager to do honour to an author who has conferred more pleasure upon boys and girls than, perhaps, any other writer of fiction. The committee, appointed shortly after the appeal was made, to superintend the movement were soon able to announce that enough money had been received, and the final result was, that on the 16th of last September, the monument was unveiled in the presence of 2000 spectators, by Mr. Charles Read, M.P. for the newly-made borough of Hackney, who, in his address to the people, after briefly adverting to the chief features in Defoe's character, and the more prominent characteristics of his works, con- cluded by saying of him that—" When wealth gave place to want he was content to endure privation ; he could be poor, but he could not cringe; he could starve, but he could not fawn. He loved liberty, and to tyranny he was a sworn foe ; and while he could defend his king against the slanderer, he could defend himself against the king. He could say, ' I have feared no face, courted no favour, been subject to no interest, bigoted to no party, hypocrite to no gain-unplaced, unpensioned, no man's heir or slave.' He was a man of resolute purpose and inflexible will ; he dared to speak the truth aloud, in troublous times, and to suffer cheerfully for her sake." As soon as sufficient money had been obtained, a Mr. Creeke, architect, was commissioned to prepare a design which should be both simple and massive, free from all florid ornamentation, and in harmony with the character of Defoe. Mr. Samuel Horner, of Bournemouth, was entrusted with the execution of the design, and has fully justified the confidence reposed in his skill. The Daily Telegraph says, that the monument "consists of an Egyptian or Cleopatric pillar eight feet four inches at the base, tapering to a height of seventeen feet, and is constructed out of two massive blocks of pure marble. It is surrounded by a low iron railing of handsome design. Its dimensions are such that it overtops all the other monuments in the cemetery." It bears on its face the following inscription :-" Daniel Defoe, born 1661, died 1731. Author of 'Robinson Crusoo,' and at its foot "This monument is the result of an appeal in the Christian World newspaper to the boys and girls of England for funds to place a suitable memo- rial over the grave of Daniel Defoe. It represents the united contributions of 1700 persons. Septem- ber, 1870." The erection of this monument, the speech of Mr. Reed, and all the circumstances pertaining to the movement, excited the ire of an ill-tempered scribe in the Saturday Review. The lapse of nearly one hun- dred and fifty years seems not to have softened the hate of this Ghoul of the Press, who wrote as follows:-"In the Saturday Review of May 15, 1869, will be found the proofs of Defoe's shameless and unquestionable immorality, treachery to his party and principles, and disgraceful venality. He was a government spy and pensioner, and under the pretence of writing for the Opposition, he betrayed all their secrets to the Minister and got paid for his treachery. All this is matter of history, and was proved by Mr. W. Lee, who, by the way, was present at this "inau- guration," and who as we remarked last year in our review of his Biography of Defoe, does not seem to think much of this monstrous treachery." And further on, as if rather ashamed of itself, the Saturday Review observes : " And so it comes to this, that Defoe is a typical man, a Christian saint—and we take tho Christian World's word for it:-and it is now written on marble that the Christian World vouches for Defoe. Defoe was a very remarkable man; and literature owes a great deal to him, He was, as one of the speakers at the inauguration seems to have felt dimly, the precursor of the literary man of our own times. He was an indefatigable projector and advertiser, and wrote on all sorts of subjects, and on all of them very well. . . . He wrote on all sides in politics, on a good many sides in religion : he was a Social Reformer and a leader in controversies. He suggested a London University and a number of improvements which have since taken place. He was versatile, flexible, and original. Some of his works, one of them at least, will last as long as the English language ; though we suspect that, for a thousand people who talk about ' Robinson Crusoe,' there are hardly two who have read the whole work through. But to talk of the author of Moll Flan- [DANIEL DEFOE.] dors' and ' Roxana' as a Christian Hero is only to be excused by the fact that Defoe is not really known in his whole literary career, and to talk of this spy and traitor as a political hero is to be accounted for by the incapacity of all political partisans to see the faults and vices of their champions." All this abuse of the dead is wholly out of place, even if it were true (which latter fact is not by any means clearly established beyond the reach of doubt and contradiction), for the monument was not erected to Defoe either as a saint or as a sinner, but simply to Defoe as the author of " Robinson Crusoe." Lot any of our readers peruse the simple inscrip- tion on the monument, and then compare it with the abuse showered on the memory of an illustrious man by a worthless and witless reviler, and the gratuitous and illogical character of this abuse will be seen in its true light. Of "Robinson Crusoe," the delight of boys and girls since it was written, and destined to be the delight of boys and girls throughout all time, the Leisure Hour thus genially writes : "Defoe's ' Robinson Crusoe,' when first published, and for some time afterwards, was universally received and considered as a genuine history, although a fictitious narrative of that sort was not then a new thing. No story has over exceeded this story in popularity. Its merits have been dis- paraged on account of its want of originality ; ' but really,' says Sir Walter Scott, ' the story of Selkirk, which had been published a few years before, appears to have furnished our author with so little beyond the bare idea of a man living on an unin- habited island, that it seems quite immaterial whether he took his hint from that or any other similar story.' A writer in the North American Review describes 'Robinson Crusoe' as 'a thoroughly English romance.' In it Defoe 'describes the physical resources available to a patient and active hermit. He brings a man into direct contact with nature, and shows how he, by his single arm, thought, and will, can subdue her to his use. He places a human soul alone with God and the universe, and records its solitary struggles, its remorse, its yearning for companionship, its thirst for truth, and its resignation to its creator. Robin- son is no poet, mystic, or man of science, but an Englishman of average mind and ordinary educa- tion, and on his desert island he never loses his nationality. Fertile in expedients, prone to domes- ticity, fond of a long ramble, mindful of the Sab- bath, provident, sustained by his Bible and his gun, a philosopher by nature, a utilitarian by instinct, accustomed to introspection, serious in his views against the vast blank of solitude, his figure, clad in goat-skins, stands in bold relief, the moral ideal and exemplar of his nation and class.' Of Defoe's novels, on which his fame principally rests, none were written till long after he had passed his fiftieth year. The whole of his early life was occupied by political contests of a violent and occasionally dangerous kind. He was twice imprisoned and once pilloried ; and an entirely new and startling light is thrown upon the whole meaning and plot of ' Robinson Crusoe,' by the singular suggestion that it was a sort of allegory taken from the various perils and conflicts which its author had to undergo in the course of his political career. In the British Museum is the first translation of ' Robinson ;' it was purchased at an auction, and is believed to be unique. It is printed in German, at Frankfort, in 1720, one year after the original edition in England. The title runs, ' The Life and Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe, an Englishman, who was cast away upon an uninhabited island, in the mouth of the river Oronooko, in South America, &c.; ;' and there is at the end a glossary of English words. It is illustrated with six plates, very well executed." To this eulogium we heartily say so be it, feeling glad that 1700 of the boys and girls of England had sufficient public spirit to raise a monument to the illustrious creator of Robinson Crusoe and his man Friday. The following outline of Defoe's life and works is from Chambers's Encyclopaedia : Defoe, whose father was a dissenter, was educated at a dissenting academy at Newington Green, where he remained until he nearly reached the age of nineteen. In 1682, he began his career as author, publishing a pamphlet which contained strictures upon the clergy of that day. This was followed, in 1683, by another pamphlet, entitled "A Treatise against the Turks." In 1685, he took part in the rebellion of the Duke of Mon- mouth, but luckily escaped being punished on its sup- pression. After this he engaged in trade, but a series of misfortunes finally determined him to forsake it. In 1701, he published his famous satirical poem, "The True-born Englishmen" which was written in vindication of King William, and in answer to a poem in which he had been attacked, called "The Foreigners." This poem proved a wonderful success ; 80,000 pirated copies of it were sold on the streets at a trifling price. During the same year, when the deputation that presented the famous petition of the freeholders of Kent to the House of Commons were illegally thrown into prison, Defoe drew up, a few days after, a remonstrance, known in history as the " Legion Memorial" ; and is said to have himself, in the disguise of a woman, presented it to the Speaker as he entered the House. In 1703, a complaint being made in the House of Commons regarding one of his recent publications, called " The Shortest Way with Dissenters (1702), the whole tenor of which seems, to have been misunderstood, he was apprehended, tried, found guilty, pilloried, fined, and imprisoned. While in prison, he wrote "A Hymn to the Pillory"; and here also he projected "The Review," a periodical which he established on his release in August 1704, and con- tinued to conduct for nine years. In 1706, Lord Godol- phin, who admired the practical talent and literary vigour of Defoe employed him as one of the staff of commissioners sent down to Scotland to bring about a union of the two countries. Defoe's knowledge of revenue, trade, and taxes, was found to be of great value ; and it is supposed that he was rewarded with a pension for his services to the government on that occasion. For some years after Defoe seems to have lived in comfortable circumstances, but gradually his numerous political enemies gathered voice again, and Defoe was literally silenced by noise and obloquy ; at last, however, roused by the insolence of the Jacobite party, he was once more tempted to write unwarily, and the result was that he was again (1713) apprehended fined in £800, and committed to Newgate. After his release, Defoe became sick of politics, and, fortunately for the world, sought rest in the sphere of imaginative literature. In 1719, appeared the famous " Robinson Crusoe" the most popular of all his works. Its success was immediate. The publisher, who had accepted the book after all the others had refused it, is said to have cleared £1000 by its publication — no small sum in those days. Defoe, in rapid succession, produced his other notable works of fiction. " Moll Flanders" (1721) " Journal of the Plague" (1722), " Colonial Jack" (1721), "Adventures of Roxana" (1724), and the " Memoirs of a Cavalier," the last of which Chatham used to recom- mend as the best account of the Civil Wars extant, bear witness to Defoe's industry during these years. Defoe's style, both in his political and imaginative works, is simple, clear, and vigorous. His fictitious narra- tives are characterised by an unparalleled appearance of truth. This is pre-eminently the case in the "Journal of the Plague," which for a long time imposed upon the well-known Dr. Mead, who thought it genuine. A man was bound over by the police magistrate the other day to keep the peace towards all Her Majesty's subjects, as the bond always runs. " All right, yer Worship," said Pat ; " I'll observe the bond ; but heaven help the first foreigner I get my hands on." THERE is said to be a man in Providence who has a handsome daughter, and who, whenever a lover applies for the girl's hand insists on his pitching a game of quoits with him, and if he (the lover) beats, he shall have a chance to court the girl. Up this time the old man has beat every comer. Facetiae. A FLIRT'S heart is like an omnibus-it always has room for one more. MUSICAL PROBLEM.- If a man blows his own trumpet can his opinions be sound ? NEVER travel without a pocket companion. —A well filled pocket-book is the best. To cure deafness in a man, begin to whisper to him about a chance to make his fortune. A NEW style of fan, which looks like a revolver, has been got up for young ladies who are perfectly killing. GOLDSMITH thought people should write their own flattering epitaphs, and then live up to them. A SAGACIOUS philosopher has observed that if the earth really is hollow, we all live upon a mere crust. In Kentucky, a man wants 10,000 dollars damages from a newspaper which published a first-rate obituary notice of him before he was dead. A CHICAGO lady lately dropped one of her eyebrows in the church pew, and dreadfully frightened a young man sitting next to her, who thought it was his moustache. RUSTICUS, in commenting on the present style of female coiffure, says:-" It must be very bad soil that requires so much top-dressing." A WISCONSIN paper mentions a case where burglars broke into a store, but the goods were marked so high they could not take any away. "WHY is it natural that a young lady having seven lovers should wish for another ? Because every young lady wishes to fascinate (fasten eight). IT was said of a very handsome woman whose feet were immense :-" She's very pretty, but she upsets completely the ordinary system of measurement by proving that two feet make a yard." AT a recent Woman's Rights Convention,'one of the lady speakers said there was comfort in knowing that if woman could not yet be captain of the ship, she could always command a smack. (Applause.) BOSTON church-goers complain that if their ministers keep on using such big words, they will be compelled to carry dictionaries as well as prayer-books to the "meeting." " Was it your eldest daughter, madam, that was bitten by a monkey ?" " No, sir ; it was my youngest. My eldest daughter had a worse misfortune ; she married a monkey." A Quaker once hearing a person tell how he felt for another who was suffering and needed assistance, drily asked him, "Friend, hast thou felt in thy pocket for him ?" AN Irishman, officiating as chairman of a club, was annoyed at the tumult created by a set of unruly members, and astonished them by vociferating, " Jin tlemen, will yees come to arder? If you only kape silent, you may make as much noise as you plaze !" A GENTLEMAN presented himself at the door of a French cabinet minister, and the guard refused to let him in. " It is all changed here, sir ; your friend has been removed," " Impossible," was the answer ; " my friend is always the man - who is in office." FRENCH LADIES IN MOURNING. -A London firm has contracted to supply a house in Paris with six thou- sand mourning bonnets, and sixty thousand yards of crape within the next fortnight, and at Berlin the orders given are far greater. An ambitious gentleman in Connecticut appeals, over his own signature, "Too the michanicks and laburing- men of my native town. I will reprizint you in the Stait asemblee irrespeotif of polytics, relijion, or eddi- cashun." " So you are going to keep a school?" said a young lady to her old aunt. " Well, for my part, sooner than do that, I would marry a widower with nine child- ren."-" I should prefer that myself," was the quiet reply ; " but where is the widower?" AN alderman was heard the other day putting forth the following specimen of what may be called " cor- poration" logic :—" All human things are hollow ; I'm a human thing, therefore I'm hollow. It is contemp- tible to be hollow, therefore I'll stuff myself as full as I'm able." IT is claimed that a route to the North Pole has been discovered at last. It is called the Kuro-Siwo, or warm water route, and is made by a vast volume of warm water which comes up from the equator in a huge Gulf-stream, pours through the Behrings, and sweeps on to the Pole. A LECTURER on "the moral sentiment," remarked that the dearest ship in the whole world was friend- ship ;" whereupon a young man rose and stated that he knew another and a dearer ship still, and that was courtship. The young man had once been defendant in a breach of promise of marriage. AT a juvenile party, a young gentleman, about seven years old, kept himself from the rest of the company. The lady of the house called to him, " Come and play and dance, my dear. Choose one of these pretty girls for your wife." "Not likely," cried the cynic ; "no wife for me. Do you think I want to be worried out of my life like poor papa?" A PHOTOGRAPHIC NOVELTY.-The other day a young and pretty woman presented herself at the gallery of a celebrated Paris photographer, and expressed a wish to have her picture taken. As the artist was adjusting the camera, the lady proceeded to pose herself by draw- ing a pistol and placing it to her temple. " What are you doing, Madam ?" cried the astonished photo- grapher. "I really can't permit you to blow out your brains here ; it would ruin my business; besides it is a shame to spoil so pretty a face." " I don't intend to do anything of the sort," answered the lady. "My lover has left me, and I wish to send him my photo- graph taken in this position, with word that if he does not soon return to my feet this will be the result." The photographer bowed and executed the portrait, which duly reached its destination. PHOTOGRAPH OF A GHOST.-The city of St. Lawrence, Massachusetts, has been thrown into a state of great excitement, and not without just cause. It seems from the account given in the New York Herald that an elderly lady lately died in a house on Broadway, in that place. On the day after the funeral, a lady who happened to be visiting one of the tenants of the same house accidentally happened to turn her eyes upwards, and distinctly saw the figure of the deceased lady at the attic window. In great consternation she com- municated the circumstance to the other occupants of the building, and in a short time the entire neighbour- hood were made acquainted with the interesting fact and with their own eyes witnessed the phenomenon. Various means were tried to expunge the photograph of the ghost from the glass, but all in vain; and at last, owing to the crowds that assembled, it was found necessary to remove the sash. Dr. Wm. D. Lamb, an eminent physician, subsequently obtained permission to remove the sash to his office in Essex-street, where it has been examined by "intelligent and scientific men," some of whom are of opinion that the departed must have been photographed upon the window-pane by the action of lightning when sitting in the room before her death. It is a most uncomfortable story, and it is to be hoped that the intelligent and scientific men will not leave the window-sash alone until they have thoroughly sifted the mystery. 