Towns and Villages of New South I Wales. No. 5.-THE TWO MAITLANDS AND THEIR SUBURBS. IN my last lotter I informed your rendors that the traveller by road from Nowcastlo would obtain a fino view of tho two Maitlands, BO soon as ho arrived ut tho top of tho last hill, provious to entering East Maitland. It will not tako him long to dis cover that thoso who study their health havo resi dences about this township-about its highest points-and that thoso who prefer sleeping near thoir places of business in Wost Maitland lose what would improvo their blood and mako thom strong and halo-viz., tho sea breeze from tho port of Newcastle If tho inhabitants-the honest and industrious peoplo of thoso townships-do not avail themselves of such purifying breezes, the dishonest portion have the bonofit of thom, as can be seen on tho right of you, where a well-guarded gaol, with its watch-towors on tho top of high walls surroundod by a fonco, stands out very prominently. Most of our gaols aro built upon eminences, prob ably tho most hoalthy portions of tho districts in which they are situated, to keop tho prisoners healthy ; and, on a visit I made some time since to Darlinghurst Gaol, in company with a gentleman connected with the Edinburgh press, upon my remarking that "although the prisoners wore not ovor-fed, thoy seemed to possess everything but tooth- brushes and perfumery," I was informed that it was much choaper to koop thom in health, by proper nutriment and baths, than by other treatment which might breod favors. " And I havo no doubt such is a correct viow of tho matter, although I should like somo good cooks from our gaols to tako a journey with me through tho colony and teach some of our hotol keepors how to cook our dinners, so that tho nutri ment would bo in tho moat, to be eaten up by us, instoad of hoing wasted in tho oven, tho abominable and everlasting frying- pan, or (if boiled) thrown away as useless water. Oh ! that tho shadow of tho renowned Soyer would haunt ovory country cook, until thoy loft off spoiling our well-fed meat. A well-built court-houso, with its various offices, suitablo for tho attondanco of our judges and suites at tho courts of general sessions, tho district court, or tho paid and unpaid magistracy, is in front of tho gaol. A little further to tho right, on the Morpoth-road, stands a fino lofty _ building, built ovidontly whon money was " easy," its numerous and well-formed balconies, throo floors high, its prominont position, catching every " gale" wafted from tho sea on ono side, and commanding the finest view of tho wholo district for miles on tho other, with a well stockod gardon and orchard in front and about it, also ; well-arranged stables and other out-oflicos, exhibit ing raro tasto for tho beautiful in tho spirited and kind-heartod owner, Mr. Enoch Coboroft. A School of Arts, or "Mechanics Instituto" (Dr. ¡Badham says such institutions should bo styled tho ; formor,but thoProsidont of tho Council of Education prefers tho latter namo) togethor with reading and othor rooms, form a focus for many of tho young men of tho district. Tho churchos aro well represented. Tho Church of England, like tho : Roman Catholic, stands "high and dry"-like i Mount Zion's-having comfortablo-looking parson j ages attached. Tho modest- looking chapel of tho Wosleyans is lower down tho town and still lower down, on a flat-covered in flood times-is tho i unadorned Proabytorian Church, lately under tho pastorate of ono whose worldly possessions reminds mo of tho following linos by Eliza Cook : " Take no hood of to-morrow," ls evor tho text, For tho oar of tho mourner, whose " spirit ls vexed ;" But our Ups will bo often wearing a smile, If wo mark what tho priest is about the while. Ho is gathering np a worldly storo ; Though holding enough, he is longing for moro ; And you'll And him, despito his text profound, Along with tho crowd, on Tom Tidler's ground Looking for gold and silver. And although to mo it is an enigma, how a Christian Iminister can become rich, let us hope that tho lato pastor will know how to use the abundance given to him, remomboring tho sermon ho so ably preached from tho text : " It is easier for a camel to pass through tho oye of a needle, than for a rich man to onter tho kingdom of hoavon." The Squatters' Bank of Australasia is a fine oroction and an ornament to tho town ; it is situated at tho corner of tho two principal streets, and doubtless has dono a largo business. Its transactions of lato seem to have been of loss importance, from the fact, that somo two months since it closed its doors and trans ferred its lodgers to tho now and ornamental building 'rocontly erected in West Maitland ; but since then thoy have been roturnod, and the doors once more openod for business, in consequence of a branch of tho Now South Wales Bank having been opened. So much for competition! I am informed that, owing to tho former bank closing thoir establishment in so summary a manner, thoir old customers have transferred their accounts to tho latter bank. Several stores, occupied by good business men, aro in different parts of the town, ono especially, a well built brick building of four flats (as tho Scotch say), ; erected in easy times by Mr. Enoch Cobcroft, but now lot at a rental barely paying ono and a half per cont.on the cost ! This building, with its storo and stabling in tho reai*, stands at the corners of the main road and tho socond prominent street, and would bo well worthy of a row of first-class houses botweon it and tho Bank of Australasia, so soon as tho well known and rich prelate of tho Church of England, and rnortgagoo of tho miserable dwellings now standing between such fine buildings and that fino piece of vacant ground opposito the site of tho storos whore fortunes woro mado by tho well known Mr. Ogg and others, chooses to sell out. Its numerous comfortable-looking private residences denoto tho onsy circumstances of tho occupants, amongst whom aro lady squat tors, with good paying stations, but which aro not left to supors. and overseers entirely, for I meot thoso lady squattors at certain times each year going to their stations-doubtless to audit tho accounts, and cast their piercing oyes over ovorything, as only tho ladies can do. But whilo I soo gentlemen squattors in tho Gazette, and assigning their squattagos to banks and others, I novor romomhor a lady squattor doing so. In Now England, a squattago has actually beon transferred by a bank from a husband to his wifo, to manage for such institution ! Other houses aro occupied by official porsonages, ono by tho late P.M. (E. D. Day, Esq.) who, aftor a long and active service, has rotired upon his ponsion, which I trust ia not dopondant upon the Superannuation Fund, now under dis cussion. I am of opinion that our civil servants would bo moro careful (and of courso far less snobbish) if they know they had to provide for themselves and families upon their rotiroment from thoir official stools. , . -~ . , 1 Tho quiet, yot husmess-liko Registrar, Mr. A. Carter, and the able O.P.S., Mr. Smithers, reside not far from those acute lawyers, the Messrs. Chambers and O'Moagher, the formor the well-known and gentlemanly crown prosecutor. A .mill, now silent, owing to the "rail " bringing Sydnoy within a few hours to the district, tells its talo of tho cheapening and equalizing properties ofthat civilizor. Thero aresovo ral hotels and inns, wellkopt, and woll- knownferthe civility of their landlords and owners, one being a widow, who is suro of patronage-and well worthy of it is she ; another, who although now not in good hoalth is well known and highly appreciated for the active part he has taken as a volunteer, as well as the opemand manly position ho hold when an ignorant mob threatened the Presidont of tho Council of Educa tion, and since, when the samo class paid tho penalty for their tenacity in pulling down the flag of our land of freedom-tho glorious Union Jack P May he and tho O'Mcaghors long livo to protect the same, and may thoro always bo a " Denny Day " to onforce tho law against such, ignoranco ! At one of the inns a sad disaster lately occurred, by which tho wife and child of its quiet and respectable owner lost their lives-I allude to tho ignition of a cask of spirits, and tho blowing up of part of their promises, from the imprudence of taking a lighted candió into tho collar, tho particulars of which appeared in tho daily press. Perhaps if I inform the reader that in tho wino vaults of the bonded warohouBes in London, the mon employed and tho visitors aro allowed a light in passing through and about tho vaults ; but not so in tho vaults containing spirits, whero lamps, enclosed within glasses, aro swung from tho arched roofs, but not allowed to be opened. It will bo romem borcd ns a caution to tho licensed victuallers of tho colony, and may tend to save other valuable lives from such a fearful calamity. This municipality is govorned by a mayor and councillors, assisted by an ablo town clerk. Tho streets aro wide and woll made, but, liko all small municipalities, squabbles ariso at thoir usual meet ings about some work- costing, at times, only a, few shillings-having been dono nearer to tho residenco of ono mighty councillor than another. A short timo sinco I saw a horse sunk up to his hips in a mudhole in tho principal street, and found. it was to bo " attended to" by one of these councillors (or aldermen), and had been filled up with soft earth or mud-ono of his countrymen remarking to me " that it only wanted a few stones on tho top to mako it firm !" Tho misfortune of the baker who drove his horse into the hole, I believe, saved my horse from being tho victim, and I hopo in future such holes will not bo left to the judgment of those who beliovo that soft mud will mako a good road, howovor, it may act as a decoy to damago good horses. Tho mayor (the worthy reprosontative of the district) resides just outside the municipality on an elevated spot surrounded by the most prolific .grounds and gardens, nearly flanked by that fino stream tho Huntor, and from where-during flood, times, as last week-his kind heart would bo pained, seeing Tho wild streams leap with headlong sweep . In their curbless courso from the mountain steep ; All fresh and strong, they foam along : Waking tho rocks with their cataract song, and carrrying destruction to overy settler they visit. At other times his view of miles of "golden grain" and other produce growing, while hundreds of set tlers are at their various occupations, cattle and other live, stock proparing themselves for market, rho busy travollor, merchants, tradesmen, and carters, going to and fro hythe rail and the road, must bo ahappyand pleasant reflection for him, as I am sure that to know hisneighbourswero doing well wouldbe. East Maitland is bounded by the Hunter River and "Wallis Creek, as far as tho Victoria Bridge. Tho experiment of "flood-gates," to save a portion of West Maitland from tho effects of a " frosh on1 tho Hunter," has been thoroughly tested, and although their formation was of a massive character, they have not proved strong enough ! I refer the reader to tho daily and local press for full particulars of the disastrous flood of last weok, by which the houses of tho settlers on tho Hunter have been made desolate, some of the benefits of tho last two seasons washed away, and many landlords and tradesmen compelled, as at every flood, to transfer to tho "bad debt" account, tho amounts standing to to tho debit of the unfortunate farmers. Surely something could be done to lessen the losses by these periodical visitations of what must bo considered the, natural laws of tho district, and I trust the pen of some of your scientific writers will be able to indicate tho proper means. The losses oro so great that I am certain it would repay the owners of lands to borrow funds to cut a canal-if that is the right thing to bo done-and charge tho interest and pro vide a sinking fund in tho shape of an increased rental, the ground is so prolific; but a remedy should bo found, because it is disheartening to the tenantry, and disgraceful to tho colony, that a fino district like the valley of the Hunter should pauperise the settlers about every two or three years. East Maitland contains about eighteen hundred souls, who must bo peaceable, from tho fact that an intelligent sergeant and some three constables are suffi cient to koop all turbulent spirits in oheck. It has an obliging postmaster, who has had tho telegraphic department lately added to Ms other duties. There is a goods shod and railway station, giving plenty of employment to its civil and attentive superintendent, and omnibuses aro running throughout the day to and from West Maitland. And last, though not tho least, it has tho invaluable Public School-although I am sorry to say a few scholars have left lately, owing to tho advance in the charges. If tho Public School is to be a permanent good, tho charge must bo tho lowest and tho instruction tho highest and best ; thon the cost to tho colony will be nothing, becauso our gaols will bo loss occupied, and wo shall havo an intelligent, prosperous, and happy people Such is East Maitland, the healthiest spot for many miles in tho Hunter Rivor district. WEST MAITLAND is n largo and, at timos, fiouiishing township. Its principal Btreofc is tho main Northom-road, tho rail way crossing it at nearly tho ndddlo of tho township. It is situated on a low flat, but very fertile country, only fit for pastoral and agricultural occupations ; nor would its activo and intelligent business men over have known tho inconvenience of a flood in theil' well-stockod stores if the late Mr. Close good and kind-hearted though he was-had pronerlv studied his . . .own; interest, ,because (as I iiübrmad your readerß in a former letter) Morpeth and East Maitland would then have heen tho great depots of business men, instead of this flooded district. A stranger visiting this district should stand on ono of tho many elevated spots of East Maitland screw his binooular to the proper focus, and the view of "West Maitland will both surpriso and please him (excopting only during a flood ; then the misery and ruin for miles will appal him). As foras he can see distinctly, ho will discover -well-built brick residences, many of them being designed by mon of taste, and this particularly refers to the north western part of tho_ town. Churches and chapels, of various sizes and designs, stores of dimensions suitable for Sydnoy merchants, pros porous-looking banks, mills sending forth smoko and steam, and a long lino of shops (or stores), convincing tho most superficial observer that West Maitland is a busy and important district, and should never have been raised on land so low. It is governod by a municipality of mayor and aldermen, who from their discussions which appear in tho press, do not approve of high salaries, even if they get men abovo tho common every-day talent of the stool or counter. In the numerous short streets, running right and left of the main streot, tho roads are wefl made and a geod ride or drive is obtainable (when tho Govern ment roads aro sound) from the Hinton punt at Morpeth, to the hospital in West Maitland, some five miles ; but as our engineors are so fond of running their lines parallel to our common roads watch your horse if ho has any spirit in him, or this "pleasant drive" or ride maybe your last 1 The Church of England is well represented by throe clergymon who aro much liked-ono especially tho kind-hearted namosako of tho humourist, and reformer of tho snobbery of tho middle-class society (I am not sure ho is not his nephew)-I moan that lively wit, the author of the " Throe Georges," the lato Mr. Thackeray. Tho Rev. J. E. Thackeray is always to bo found when a good work is to bo undortaken, whether it be a flood relief committco or to raise funds for afflicted humanity in tho hospital ; to raise tho moral tone and social standing of tho . district, by building or other societies, or a case of private distress, or oven a bank clork who may havo been wrongly accused of theft ; and amongst tho sick and dying thero is sure to be found the well known figure, and to be heard tho kindly voice, of this activo minister of tho Church of England. Anothor body of Christians -the Congregationalists have, in their well-known, benevolent, and talented minister, tho Rev. R. T. Hills, a valuable man, who should be better supported by his chiefB in Sydney tjhan ho is. He is a Christian and a scholar, and would not disgraco tho pulpit of the Rov. Mr. Henderson ; and did I belong to that denomination, J should feel disgraced upon learning tho common labourer's pay ho is obliged to subsist on. He hopes to receive his reward in another and a better -world. I truBt he will receive it there ; but I must say that he is entitled to some of the comforts of this world for his noblo exertions in tho cause of the human family, ¿nd should like to find him in possession of them. Ï'he WesleyanB have a fine chapel, and are supported y many of tho wealthy tradesmen of tho district ; they aro a large and respected body. The Presby terians are well represented, and are hero, as everywhere else, an intelligent and influential class. Their ministers are properly paid, their church government being, like the Wesleyan body, more of a .Christian democracy than any other class. The Primitive Methodists, the Baptists, and tho Christian israelites have each their meeting-houses ; and the largo body of Roman Catholics havo their well built chapels and schools, under the guidance of their Bishop and three or four priests. So that your readers will bo under no apprehension as to the piety of this dis- . trict, if the listeners will only follow tho instruc tions of the pulpit, not alwayB the example of the preachers, for aU of us (who con think) know, that however we may differ as to the road j " There is a lighthouse for tho soul, I That beacons to a stormlcss home : I It safely guides through roughest tides j It shines, it saves ! Thy kingdom como 1" j The hospital is a valuable institution, situated on a |ofty and prominent spot, overlooking a great portion of tho district, near the north-western end of Maitland, and on tho main Northern-road. There being no similar institution nearer than Singleton one way, and Newcastle tho other, and tho surrounding districts being very populous, this hospital is in very great request. The medical attendance is good, tho place is kept in good order, and its verandahs are invaluable to the patients. Tho committee are. active and zealous men, not the least amongst thom being the elder Mr. Gorrick, who is eyer on tho jilort to benefit tho institution, and I invite _ tho reader-be he Jew or Gentile- whenever ho visite West Maitland, to dig deeply into his pockets and give a portion of his substance to this the best insti tution he can find for miles. j Thero are several Denominational schools in West Maitland, but I am at a loss to know why the jworking-classes have not applied for the host of all schools in thiB colony-the Public School; and feeling assured of the public spirit beating under the, ¡waistcoats of scores of Maitland's best men, I now ask them to assist the working-classes in procuring such a school, with an ablo master, and not to nun<j tho opposition of a few ministers of religion. They wm havo the approval and support of the most intolligont portion, those to whom ignorance is no bliss, and tno rising generation will, bless their names, and remem ber thom as their best and most genorous bene f There aro several private schools, well attended, amongst which is the Edinburgh High School, awi .tone under the direction of some ladies, nuns ot tue Roman Catholic Church. _ I A School of Arts, with a valuable library and the daily and other press of tho colony and our mother country, whore a good. - bating class, amongst others, serves to tram ¡its members to reflect, and fearlessly to utter uw truths of history, howover disagreeable Bach may ¡be to tho ignorant. A theatro (tho Olymp») » .occasionally occupied by a fow eminent actors au singers, or when tho services of tho clover amaiouip !of West Maitland are required in the causer a ¡charity, tho band of its well-organized volunteer always being ready to aid that sacred cause, onw* .with or (when not necessary) ^ltll0ufiJtll0ffip°,.a sent of their generous and well-ordered omw. ? Sim post . and telegraph offices . soein «nw 'and vory dark for tho largo business noce* '"T^Bsinß' through them; hut such may' sa"1^ W*for in the fact, that tho principáis of b°Ä£ent combine, with their obliging, man ^£EEtifr-"a* intelligence, no desire to nert^'i? ^Simatós of tho Works Department. ÄuÄhousois a diBgracetothe district, and if will not^buUd a better one, I should ^ .^'the inhabitants to raise a fund to purohase a . «fWd and convoy it to tho Government, upon pîM' nndition that a handsome erection, like the «Jïm Court-house, be raised ; although I con W r. diBirrace to the governing powers, and to f^tlv to have accepted the land at Singleton, Sd as it was by public subscription. P WPBt'Maitlahd possesses a good market for cattle i.Seep and why not a general market, I know M''If it' had a produce market, open twice or feaw'eok, where Sydney and Holbourne spocu i inra and dealors could bo sure of meeting with Ses thoy would visit tho district often, paying ih for their purchases, and save, frequently, the MÛT from depending upon their uncertain returns fiSrents in Sydney. Indeed, they might often Main ft higher price in Maitland, from tho fact that Cró buyers could get their produce to Sydney or Melbourne cheaper than the settlers now do ; because if undorthe ridiculous monopoly-like arrangement made by the two steamboat companies-an arrange ment by which tho interests of the small shippers are sacrificed to tho larger ones-tho largo buyer visit inir tho Maitland market could not send his freight mon tho same terms as the regular shippers, he could and would employ other coasting vessels, and help to spoil the present rosy gamo of the two com panies now so much complained of by our up country storekeepers. Thoro is a fino sito for a market in East Maitland, between the lane leading to tho Presbyterian Church and tho vacant ¿pace opposito tho post-office. Tho long list of attorneys and solicitors in WeBt Maitland would almost frighten a stranger from ever thinking, of residing there; ho might imagine tho residents to bo a very litigious people. But lawyers aro liko storekeepers, thero aro too many of them in all parts of the colony, and whoro they are 60 numerous-extravagant as their charges are-all of them cannot get a living ; indeed, one eminent legal gentleman in Sydney told mo a short timo Bince, "that many solicitors wore literally starving upon their wretched incomes." Tho well-known Mr.'Mullen, the eminent solicitor of West Maitland, has .been tho medium of introduction to his oppo nents-nearly all on tho roll thero having passed through his office, either as articled or managing clerks, and their ability developed under his tuition -added to tho many friends they made during such time-has very naturally and properly divided his once very large connection. May the district flourish, and its industrious people have little to do with lawyers, excepting only in the conveyancing dopartment! Two bunding societies aro said to flourish in this town, but, although they are faithfully worked, they, belongtowhat is known as the Lombardian (or pawn brokers') sohemo, far moro beneficial to the investing member than to tho borrowing one. I believe both have active and zealous officers, and much credit ÏB due to tho secretary of the first established society for tho ability with, which ho worked the same, and the simple, but truthful style of his book keeping. In a large district like this, tho "per manent" Boheme would have been much the best of the two ; but now that tho.Starr-Bowkett sooieties are doing so well, I would recommend the working classes to join such wherevor they are started. A. racecourse named after one of its former residents is generally twice a year tho scene of much enjoyment to those who think they belong to tho sporting world. I have often tr» veiled over the ground and mounted the grand stand, but I; never heard any very heavy bets made ; I tliink crowns or half- crowns have generally been the " odds" : upon oach" event, in addition to a few sweepstakes. I never heard of any one finishing the day and them selves with strychnine, or the best Dartford gun powder. No ; tho residents of this district seem to go out on such days to enjoy themselves, and if a few will imbibe "fighting whisky," we must rest content, for such ÍB dono all over the " civilized" world. West Maitland boasts of several tobacco manu factories, whose reputation extends hundreds ol miles ; also one or two cabinet-makers doing a large business, several coaci-builders, one belonging to the enterprising Mr. Tuck, who has for years past lighted Maitland with gas, and is now trying to solvf the question-" Cannot good ale be made in the cool and delightful climate of New England-Armidale?" I wish him success. A practical confectioner is alsc thero, who, like his fellow-tradesmen in Sydney, is badly treated by a stupid law which levies a duty or raw Bugar, but allows the manufactured article, thc lozenge or lolly, to pass without duty! I speak, o: course, without reference to the ad valorem duties ?nai as a free-trader, I do sincerely trust the proseni intelligent Treasurer will give the subject considera tion; because while such an absurdity exists th< revonuo and a Bmall industry are losers at one anc the same time. Although Maitland has not such a largo wholesali and squatting trade as formerly, it still possesses ai «tensive one. The failure of the large house o otrachan and Co., some years Bince-a house turning oyornearly one hundred and fifty thousand a year aia irreparable damage, by sending a large portioi « us trade out of the district. The same law o TllleSf> operations runs through all its grades wnere, there is a market, a number of wholosali or a numbor of retail stores, there will the greates number of buyers go-whother retailers or con werV'vani although the largo and im in» ?£ 80 of David Cohon» and Co.-possess. "g the finest store in the colony, and quiti W ornîment to Maitland-have a grea Dusiness Ifeol certain their Maitland trade is not si Zi? !P^twould have boen if thoir competitors ha< im « îr° di8tri°t- Tho other houses having ai Ei ? trado connection aie well-known fo «1W T*1T8* taot and honourable trading, and P 3° re8Poctcd house of Solomon Vindii alan ?>' T onGre°tio firm of Wolfo and Gorries man"r",t0gan's (which has tho soap and candi Sf °ry ?tül attaohod), J. Levion's, Buccossor t SÄ0T*' Butler; »nd a few otho to S ' ^though smaller traders, in comparison BeoEÄ TT n£T°d-lt. Campbell, Owen am fow mnr0lm^e0 ttndCo.,WolstenholmeandCo. and thernu»."fÍWllllo',maddition to tho drapery storef \--in^;"re5c?'d,almamifactMers,sevoraldruggist including that old establishment of Mr. Lipscoih -several stationers-one being the fine store of Mr. Blair (the agent of this paper), besides the various other businesses and traders, forming tho largo popu lation of noarly six thousand BOUIB, will convince the reader that West Maitland is one of the most important towns in tho colony - fully accounting for the fine and substantial looking bankB therein-viz., the recently oreo ted, Gothic-shaped, and ornamental building of the Bank of Australasia, the beautiful points of tho design being lost, because the street is so narrow near where it is built ; also, the solid and comfort able-looking Bank of New South Wales, lately so notorious on account of the largo robbery of its five poundnotes ; and, in addition to the prosperous Com mercial Bank, with its well-known and courteous manager, evidently under directors who do not lavish tho dividends upon expensive buildings, there is tho quiet-looking Joint Stock Bank. Pour banks, with a largo retinue of officers, must have extensivo monetary transactions to koop up such establishments, and are proofs of tho importance of this valuable district. Notwithstanding continual complaints of tho rust in wheat, this cereal is still grown and helps to keep three mills going. Thero are also large quantities of maize, lucerne, potatoes, grapes, tobacco, and other produce raised round this district ; but, as in many other parts of tho colony, tablo vegetables have to bo grown hy celestials, who make a good living by their industry, I imagine it must be infra dig for farmers, many of whom cannot mako good butter or cheese, to sell vegetables. I think if thero was a good general market, much ready money would collect in tho pockets of our own countrymen, to the prejudico of the heathen. Hotels and inns, of course, thero aro many, but, if other towns of the colony are to bo taken as oxamples, I do not think thero are too many for nearly six thousand inhabitants, and tho active and intelligent sergeant of polico with his few subordinates, the whole under, a superintendent, speak volumes in favour of tho peaceful character of tho pcoplo and tho proper conduct of tho licensed victuallers. Tho old established Northumberland is tho chiof hotel. Tho reader will have observed from tho published accounts of tho rocent flood, that Belmore Bridgo, costing some £12,000, has been of great service to the inhabitants. It is a fine structure of iron, resting upon cylinders, the carriage-way ahovo flood mark-the cost of which is nothing in comparison to tho former overy-day loss by the primitive bullock-dray style of tho superseded punt. The energy andmerehant-liko character of Maitland's business mon could never have drawn such an exten I sivo business to it had they not been aided by that powerful engine, the Press-tho advocate of all sharp business men. THE PATERSON TOWNSHIP is about twelve miles from West Maitland, and can bo approached hy two or three roads, either of thom forming a pretty drive or ride. Tho road from East Maitland, over the new and handsome bridge lead ing to Dunmoro and Woodville on to tho Paterson, will enablo tho traveller to seo milos, possibly, of tho richest and most prolific ground in tho colony, with here and there " teeming barns and fields of waving gold," near comfortable-looking homesteads, and, as ho passes tho happy and healthy-looking farmer, fol lowing the plough over the furrowed and fertile fields, he will be apt to exclaim-even though he be a squatter God speed lt well, and lot it thrive unshackled overywhore 1 The road from West Maitland over the Belmore Bridgo is also a very pleasant and pretty one, pass ing between farms filled with the most luxuriant cropB, some of them sending forth their healthy odours, which, being kissed by a passing breeze, become incorporated in your system and make the trip of the most enjoyable character. After leaving Maitland some five miles, there are two roads, both leading to the Patorson township ; by one you will paBS the station of the well-known proprietor of the Barb, Mr. Reynolds, of Tocal, a gentleman whe breeds, perhaps, tho finest cattle in the colony-the pure Durham and white-facod Herefords ; his sheer, also are known in the Sydney market, and fetch, like his cattle, the highest prices. A fine lagoon, covered with wild ducks, is near his lofty and pleasantly situated residence The general appearance of thii homestead is that of a well-cared-for gentlemar farmer's estate, and that of the proprietor, an easy going, well-to-do, "fine old English gontleman" o: tho "sturdy yeoman kind." I wish the colony poS' sessed a few hundred such. Tho second road referred to is the better ono fo: travelling over ; indeed, it is a treat to find such, anc tho traveller has to go a long way-even as far a Now England (thoso under the superintendence o Mr. Bailey)-before he can find any like them. Thi second road leads to tho township via Stradbroke the residence of tho Speaker of the House of Assembl; and membor for tho Paterson- the Hon. W. M Arnold. It is a large, red brick building, and, doubt loss, laid out for the comfort of that gentleman' social circle ; but I will venturo to Btato tho desigj was not the result of any great competition. It i believed that tho dairy and orchard of tho hon. gentle man aro good sources of income. A few miles of goo road brings you to the township, with tho evor-flowin river running through it, helping to cool the atme sphoro. This little township is situated in _ a val loy, a great portionof which, in times of flood, isundc water. It has a Bmall Church of England standing i tho midst of a graveyard, vory near to tho banks c the river. Tho Presbyterian Btands high and dry opposite a rather costly court-houso and polico statior An Odd-follows' Hall is there also, near to tho spc known for many years as Broderick's Hotel, whor happy couples have spent their honeymoons, rovinj amongst tho orange troos and flowers in tho rear of tb hotel, asconding tho well-clothed mountains to cate' the breeze, watching for a nibble on tho banks of th river? under the shade of a boautiful willow, c basking in " Tho sweet and merry sunshino of affection's gentle light. That never wears a sullen cloud, and fadoth not in night." But such trips aro ended, old Timo has wrinkled tb faco and furrowed tho forehead of tho once woll known landlady, and the ruthloss and devourin eloment-fire-haß lovolled tho old building, not i bo restored. Throo inns and a few stores, seven being but small, with a few privato rosidorces, tw mills not always at work, and somo hoalthy-lookin but small small farms compriso tho Patorson towr ship, skirted hy lofty mountains and ranges fe cattlo, an over-flowing stream passing through ii midst, with its numerous and varied treos, th varieties of produco-tobacco, maize, oats, lucorn< potatoes, und tablo vegetables-interspersed with few flower gardens and a well-formed road, produces a picture not often to be soon. This district right on to Stroud has been notorious for cattle stealing ; but, owing to tho extra vigilance of the police, the establishment of a prosecuting society, or tho passing of the Brands Registration Act, thiB crime is not heard of so much as formorly, and butchers now residing in this district do not mako fortunes so rapidly as tho samo class did in days gone hy. A Public School is much wanted in this township, but although the inhabitants, backed by their activo member, has applied to the Bishop, ho will do nothing in tho matter, either in giving a piece of land, which would not be missed by his church, nor in any other way will ho assist in tho instruction of tho young outsido his own narrow circle. I much regrot this, because ho must know that his assistanco would tond to koop the rising generation f,from filling tho gaols. Oh ! that the ghost of a Peabody would causo him sleepless nights, by singing " Cursed is wealth when it falls to tho share Of tho griping dotard, or selfish heir 1 But wisely scatter tho talents yo hold, And blessings shall fall on tho spirit of gold." From the Lower to tho Upper Paterson, Bomo olovon houses for tho sale of colonial wino havo boon oponod, and from tho appearance of many who loavo after taking refreshments at somo of these houses it is ovidout an article stronger than wino has been drunk ; bosidos which, I am informed tho salo continuos oponly on tho Sabbath ! Of this I am quito sure, that tho revenue has suffered, in addition to tho livos and heads of those who have drunk it during tho last twenty years (and tho latter is of moro importance than tho former), hythe large salo, by commixturo with others, of colonial brandy. Ono complaint I hoard in this district was, that all tho J.P's. about tho placo woro wino-makors, and supplied thoso noisy Sabbath breaking retailers of colonial wino. I recommond thom to tho caro of tho ex-mombor for Singleton. For the well-built court-houso, polico stations, and thoroughly good roads, togcthor with tho useful and protty bridges leading thoroto, tho credit is justly given to the Speakor-indeed, theso very nico roads aro commonly spoken of, if you ask your way, as Arnold's road and Arnold's bridges, and whatovor may bo thought of such by folks in other districts, morely becauso that gentleman rosides near thoso roads, I maintain, until such roads and good bridgos aro to bo found all ovor tho colony, tho country cannot be properly occupied. "WOODVILLE is a villago consisting of a storo, a small church (English), and some prolific farms, hounded by tho banks of tho rivor on ono sido, tho road to Olaronce Town, and on the other the villago of DUNMORE, having a church (English), a good Public School, well attended, several stores, two inns, and some small tradesmen, as shoemakers, blacksmiths, &c.-the; whole being surrounded by well cultivated farms, and com manding a really splendid view of tho adjacont country for miles, embracing Hinton, Morpeth, a id East Maitland. Doubtless the whole of theso districts owe much of their fertility to tho floods occasionally visiting them, and should they be really necessary, I trust something will be done to cause less damage to the industrious settlors and thoir families. PERAMllULATOn. P. S.-Whon will the invaluable but compara tively costless direction posts be over the colony P The number of important livos annually lost by death in the bush of this colony for want of such posts is considerable ; but I suppose such a really useful question is too small a matter for tho groat men who govern this colony. When I got on tho wrong road, while travelling through tho country, I often wish a Bishop, a Minister of Works, or Lands, or even a Governor, was compelled to travel alono, and would got off his track for only ono night. Oh, what a stir it would mako to tho benefit of futuro travellers, by causing -what ovory civilized country possesses, viz., tho simple, inexpensive, and useful direction posts to bo placed on every road, major and minor. 