Ofce £î?ïmci> JiTioitting petalo. SATURDAY, JANUARY 8, 1870. THE policy of England in reference to war and the protection of her subjects in distant lands has received two signal illustrations, namely, in Abyssinia and in Now Zealand. Causes somewhat obscure involved residents in Abyssinia with THEODORE, the King. The account of these gentlemen in works offered to the public gives but an unsatisfactory im pieseion of their intellectual power and pro- fessional prudence. We may, indeed, allow something for their sufferings-something for the daily alarm into which they were thrown by the freaks of a capricious tyrant. We may yet imagine, without much hesitation, 'that men of a higher type and better acquainted with the world, who would have bent occasionally to circumstances, and have given less offence, might even have secured tolerable treatment, or at all events the per- mission to quit the country. It is in the power of a few imprudent men to produce a state of things in which the most cautious con- duct of others in the same circumstances will not assure their common safety. Whether the affront received by THEODORE was the result of oversight or not, his letter to the QUEEN was laid aside in the Colonial Office, until, impatient of longer delay, he attributed the slight to the British RESIDENT and his countrymen. These were held in ciptivity and treated with detestable rigour. Their official character did not secure them the pro- tection due by the law of nations, and it was to uphold this law rather than from personal sympathy, that the forces of Lord NAPIER entered the Abyssinian Mountains and con- quered the capital of the wretched KING, who escaped captivity by death. This expedition was undertaken under the auspices of the Tory Government, who pledged the nation, but not the present Ministers. Still no war was ¡.received with more approval. Eight or ten millions were expended in its prosecution. The Roman legions only were so supported. The swarthy skin and the elephant of India were prominent in this campaign. All the mystery of an ancient country, with its impassable rivers and insuper- able mountains-all the traditions, both Christian and Roman, associated with that country-all the risks apparent and imaginary, which attended the expedition-aaimated the popular curiosity, and supported the triumphant war. But what was the object of the work? To rescue a group of Europeans?-to take vengeance on a haughty chief?-or to enrich England willi territory ? Nothing of the kind. The object was to vindicate the public honour, to support the prestige of the British name, and to show that if England were affronted in the uttermost parts ol' the earth, she would spare neither men nor money, but would stretch forth an armed hand to seize the guilty. There was in this ex- pedition something of grandeur, with a slight tinge of vanity. The greatness of the achie\ ement seems to be obscured by its mighty cost. The public mind has turned from the conquest to the expense ; and the other party in tne Stale who denounce war and preach economy, have their turn. They have not hesitated to pronounce the Abyssinian war a gigantic example of party craft and popular folly. We do not profess to be of any such opinion, because we know that the result of an achievement cannot be told in a day. It may be that the victories of Abyssinia were necessary to the English power in India ; at i the same time we are impressed with the frailty of that power which admitted such support. The other illustration of the policy of Eng- land in reference to war is equally striking and suggestive. Ten thousand men were sent lo New Zea- land to obey instructions given under a divided responsibility, but given by the agenta of the British Crown. We should be sorry indeed to reflect upon those brave men, in whose hands the flag of England has never turned back when they have been commanded with skill. It is notorious, how- ever, that a chronic quarrel between the agents of the British Government existed so long as the troops were in New Zealand. They did not understand one another in re- ference to the objects of the war. They were sometimes against their own countrymen, and in favour of the Maories. Thus, although there were some brilliant episodes during the conflict, it was without any result, except that subjugation of tin enemy which is only certain when he is dead. The ten thousand men sent to New Zealand having accomplished little or nothing, the economists became impatient, and proceeding from one absurdity to another they told the colonists that the war was a job ; that the Maories were heroes; that if the settlers could not face their opponents they must quit the field ; that the slaughter of two or three hundred persons was no great affair ; that they must make a treaty with (he Maori KING, and become his subjects, if no belter conditions could be made ; that the policy of England had undergone a change, and that the colonies might take leave of their allegiance to their Sovereign. The idea of brotherhood was sneered down by (ho Times, the organ of the party ; the old idea of " blood relation," " kindred sympathy," " blood stronger than water," implied obligations, were no contracts at all ; that a pound was a pound never to be spent upon credit of any kind. And this is the piesent state of the New Zealand question, and the policy of English statesmen in íeference to one of the grandest enterprises and noblest possessions of England, COWPER, the poet, exclaimed " Weep, oh Muse; weep for England." We have plenty of poets, but the time for weeping is over. It is not in this shopkeepitig age that sentimental sorrows of any kind- j without the aid of Luudyfoot and a snuff- | box-will extract the sympathetic tear, or else a man might weep at the thought of those timple colonists who went out under the auspices of England ; who bought land of which she guaranteed the title, and took the money, not at the price she paid, but at its value in a civilized state. We might weep to see the charred dwellings, reared by their painful toils, the orchards cut down which they planted ; the little churches that they built in ruin. We might weep to see silence and desolation. We might spare a tear even for the broken faith of the British nation; we might even feel deeper sorrow for the British Government and for the people of England, bewildered and deceived, to be awakened here- after by a loss far more painful to the national piide than an ordinary discomfiture, far more costly than the most expensive campaign. Hut these are not masculine emotions. They find no response in the pievailing views of life. Thoughts of future generations-the prospects of empire in a future age-the impressions on the moral stamina of armies, by the loss of all higher inspirations than trade-are all questions quite beside the bargains of the hour. The maxim is, " Let us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die." Any investment not having immediate enjoyment for its object is thrown away. Who may inherit the power which England is preparing to abandon is known only to Providence, or by what long agony communities hitherto bound together by a common interest and reciprocal feeling «ill become conscious again of the strength which is the pledge of continuance. Young communities, like young people, have wonder- ful self-confidence ; and they need it. They suppose that they can stand alone ; and ultimately they have to do so. But the transition is dangerous ; and where one sur- vives the struggle, perhaps stronger and better for it, double that number fail and perish. _ THE published reports of Mr. GOYDER, the Surveyor-General of South Australia, giving an account of his labours in Arnheim's Land, indicate that the preparations for settlement in the Northern Territory are now nearly com- plete. Although rather tardy in their opera- tions, the Government is now prepared to carry out its revised offer to holders of pre- liminary land orders. It did not put Hiern in possession of their land within the time stipulated, but it is making up for that defect by giving a larger area. What is wanting in punctuality is made up for in broad acres. This is perhaps an advantage to the holders of land-orders, because they would scarcely have gnised anything by hav- ing had possession of the land during the lait jear or two, and matters are now much more ripe for settlement than they were previously. Mr. GOYDER has surveyed 600,000 acres of land. This includes four townships, and the remainder is in blocks of 160 to 320 acres each. The principal township is at Fort Point, the second is on the river Blackmore, the third is on the Elizabeth, and the fourth at Fred's Pass. It is not easy to see why the Burvey thus accomplished by Mr. GOYDER could not have been equally well executed by the party first sent out ; but when the right men are not put into the right places things are generally badly managed, and this is especially the case if the field of operations happens to be twelve or thirteen thousand miles away frcm any oversight. As to the quality of the land, Mr. GOYDER does not give a bad account. The Adelaide Plains he did not survey, for the very satisfactory reason that for eight months of the year they are covered with water. But to the . southward of Mount Charles there is over a million acres of land of fine average quality, some of it poor and sandy, but some exceedingly rich ; most of it is suited to the growth of tiopical or semi-tropical products, while the whole is well grassed and wateied, and admirably adapted for de- pasturing cattle or horse stock. To the south of the Finnis, and in the direction of the livers Daly and Victoria, the land as far as examined continued lo improve in character and quality, and the running streams were more abundant. There seems, therefore, to be a fair amount of back country capable of such agiicultural and pastoral occupation as will sustain a township. The country in the neighbourhood of the piincipal township is a tableland of from sixty to a hundred and fifty feet above the sea level, sometimes gently sloping to the sea, and at others formed into cliffs. The soil overlies a bed of indurated marl, imposed on slate and micaceous sandstone, unctuous to the touch, and containing a good deal of- iron. 'Hie cliffs are fringed with brushwood, and the low lands near the sea abound in mangrove Ewamps. The grass grows luxuriantly, and represents many qualities from a rank species resembling holcus to the finer varieties. The soil is mostly good, and of a dark brown colour with small nodulous stones of ferruginous sand- stone on the surface. The ranges are mostly formed of crystalline quartz, cropping through slate shale or micaceous sandstone. No lime- stone has been found in the neighbourhood. As to minerals, no great discovery was made, though the country seems promising. Samples have been brought back of oxide of ii on, protoxide of tin, carbonate of copper, and gold. Iron seems to be pretty generally dis- tributed. The copper was found near the 1 Finnis, the tin near the Upper Darwin, and the gold on the Blackmore.' Mr. GOYDER thinks it not improbable that a careful search would develops a payaule gold field, and, if this^ should be the case, some of those restless miners who never can resist the temptation of a new rush, will probably be attiacted thither and do some of that pioneer work in the task of colonisation, which they so often perform at the cost of great toil and hardship to themselves, but to the great benefit of the country they open up. ^ As io the climate in the five months of May, June, July, August, and September, Mr. GOYDER foundgit very fine, and generally delightful-not too hot during the day, and lnvarnbl) cool at night. In Che other months the atmoi-phire is mole moist, and the heat moie intense. On the project for establishing a depot for shipping hoists to India, Mr. GO\BER makes a FPpnrate íepoit. Theie will not ha the slightest difficult), he sajs, in walking horses on hoard ship at any seison of the -»ear, and theie is plenty of land within easy icach of the port admirably adapted for hoise-pasture-well-grassed hills a>d vallejs, with abundance of timber for blinde and peimanent water. The land south of the thirteenth parallel is preferable for stock to that lying northward and nearer the coast In the latter the vegetation is more lank-m the former the land is higher, better drained, and the air drier Most of the glasses may be readily conveited into ha) at the end of the wet season. The horses of the expedition, though worked hard, did well, Mr Go"iDER thinks the district will be not unsuitable for breeding horses as well as for a depot, but he sees no difficulty in bung- ing mobs over from South Australia, by wa) of Luke Hope and MKink)'s track, if they aie not oicrdnven on the road. With respect to the telegraphic route, Mr. Gol DLR strongly îecommenda that the ex- pense of a submaitno cable to the head of the Gulf of Carpentaria should be avoided, and that Port Darwin should be the Australian terminus. Ihe cable might be landed not far norn the settle- ment and the line carried along the surve)ed road which is available at all seasons of the ) ear, to the secondary township, near Fred s Pass, and thence b) Mount Charles over the plains at the head of the Adelaide to the sources of the Roper, and thence by the Wickham and Nicholson Rivers and the Plains of Promise to Bourke Town, So far as he has seen the countr), he îeports it to be admirablj adapted, both as regards matenal and eleva- tion, for telegraphic purposes, and the line suggested as best suited foi the wire, foi tunatel) takes the route most likely to be the earliest scene of settlement. If such settlement were already in existence, or certain to come into existence within the ne\t tluee )ears, there could bo no question about the prtfcience to be given to a land line. But the hesitation in adopting the route arises from the fact that the country is unoccupied, and that it will be expensive to maintain the nccessar) stations for the opaators and hne îepairers, but this is a question to be further considered. S»riM>\ MUMCII AL COUNCIL-A special mooting of Hie Municipal Council of Sjdnoy, will bo hold at tho Town Hal), York-street, on Monda), tho lOtli instant, nt S o'Uoek, afternoon, for tho purposo of taking into conBidor afu n and adopting tho epcci ti cations foi tho building on Pi îi-co Alfred Park, and tho draft loose to bo cvoutod, by the Agricultural Society of New South Wales for tho occupation of tho building, for tho term of ton years. BATHURST TO TUENA MA TRUNKEY. - Yostorday morning, Mr "Webb, H L A , and Mr Jhomas Halo, had an interview with tho lion tho Minister for Works respect- ing tho road from Bathurst to luena by way of Truukoy, their object being to requost that tho road might bo clasaoei as o Urs! CIBBS road, to which tho Parliament grant £30 a milo, instead of na a fifth ekes road, which only rooeived £7 a mile Tho Minister informed tho deputation that tMt-ntv mtlcs of fho road wero already under trust, and received tho inaumum amount of £d0 a-nnlo As to tho renaming twenty-nino miles, ho promised to talro tho views of fho deputation into consideration, and, if any alteration wero to bo mado in tho Estímalos, ho might bo Disposed-lav ing regard to the great trafile caused by tho gold discovcniB at Trunkey-to recommend to his col- leagues, that tho road Bhould bo brought under tho third claw, which would enablo tho sum of £15 pix milo to bo implied to its formation and maintenance, TitEE Pi,nue LiiuiAii\ -Wo havo received from tho Minster for WorkB (tho Hon John Sutherland) a hand- some) phote graph of tho design furnished to tho Govern- ment bj tho Colom ii Architect (Mr James Barnet) fur preuosed additions lo tho AuBtialiuu Museum for the Tree Public Librarj Ino photograph has been produced at tho Goveinmett Printing Office, and it forms a very olo and artistic picture Tho readers of the lit.) aid tuny rocol lett that, about three months ago, wo published a do erip lion of tho design, and as a picturo of the prmaipal elov ilte.ii has 'mco been placed m tho Prco Library, tho publie, luv o an opportunity of canvassing its architectural merits A sue moro central and m ov cry respect moro eligible than (hat lo the east of tho present Museum could not bo ob mined , and then there can bi> little or no room fur exik.p lion lo he taken to tho nrrangonienU and cxtonor of mo additions proposed to bo ercctod. Tho dcBign has alroily attracted a good doal of attention, and, having ragir 1 to the great interest which ia naturally felt m this important suljett, it ina) not bo out of place to restato sotuo facts re- specting the arrangements win e.h. find BO appropriate and beautiful expression in tho picture before UB 1 ho design prov ldcB ample accommodation and facilities for tho llteiary and -eslhetio requirements of tho community for many vears to como With tho Museum aro to bo associated a Tree Librar}, a spacious pieturo gallory, a gullory for sculp tuies, a lectuio room, und m tho batement story a com- modious halt woll adapted for an economic museum Ino colossal propoitions of tho now wing of the Austrihan Mutcum feeein to dwarf what bj courtesy is still call d the ''main" building Botter dajBaro, howtivor, ia stans for it, smco Ihe new designs require tho erection of another eteiv, which will givo it an altitudo corresponding to that of the new wing, its architectural stjle also being mado to hnrmomeo with (hat of tho Collego street front IhiB story VMII give an additional apartment to tho Museum 100 feet long bv 1C0 feet wide As alrealy indicitod, it is proposod fo placo the Librar} to tho cast of tho prcsont building, and between tho Library and tho Museum there will ho a conti ii hall, approached bv a bold flight of stops from William stiect, giving access to the Library and reading rooms on tun left, to tho MuBtum on the light, and conducting to tho sculpture gallery, and through it to tho picture gallory at the tear Alcetuio hall is placed near tho centre of the building adjacent lo H and in connection with tho Musouui nnd (he art galleries Tho gallery for sculptures will bo 80 feet long by fiO feet wide, while tho dimensions of the picture gallery will ho 23o feet by 45 foot Tho picture gallen will form tho southern onolosuro of the quadrangle, the centtal spaco (intersected by tho sculpture gallery) being reserved for open wurt jardo Provision is mado for tho accommodation of about a thousand readers at ono time, and Ihn shelves of tho Libiary will givo spica foi one hundred and BIXIJ thousand volumes A separate apartment will bo apportioned to ladles, and there are liivalones, reining looms, and other conveniences for tho pubho, as well as offices and quat tors for tbo libranin and managing oMicials iho ground falls considerably to the eastward, and the basement of tho now portion of tho struc- ture will ofield ampio accommodation for tho establishment of an economic museum, with spaco for a school of design Owing to tho descent of tho ground towards tho Pubho school enclosure, tho height of the building in this p*rt will probublj bo about ninety foot This i ipid fall in tho ground will tend to add to tho imposing appearance which tho principal façade, that facing William street, will havo as Eeen fiom tho heighfB of Woolloomooloo, the Harbour, Domain, Hvdo Park, und other vacant areas in tho vicinity The length of (ho William street fiont will bo 370 feet, and that of the lines facing College ali cot on tho witt, ard Woolloomooloo on tho east will bo 200 feet The Government havo conferred an important servico on fho communify by (ho establishment of tho present Treo Public Libraiv, and wo behovo that had evidence be.en wanting of ihu wisdom of this step it would bo amply fur- nished bj the largo numbei of persons woodall} avail thiim-clves of Iho means thaa supplied for mental culture Tho librar}, however, at tho corner of Bent and Mac- quarie streets cannot bo contidorod adequato for ov en tho present requirements of tho population, and, nB it will tako some jearaboforotbopermnncnt structure can b3 finished, wo do but echo tho sentiments of the pubho when we e-sfress the hopo that an earl} commen-ement on tho Museum Bite may bo mado. 'lim AcitiCLTunAi, SOCIFTV. --Tho arrangements aro concluded boiwrrn tbo Agiicultinal Society nnd tho Cor penition, willi reference to (ho erection of the Exhibition buildings in Prince Alficd Park Tho building will cover tno aero of ground, nnd will cost a sum of £18,000 i\i tbo use of Iho tamo during two mouths of tho year, the Socio ty has agreed to pa} tho sum of £1000. t Le pparo so cov ercd w ill bo^sulTcient ordmarilj to afford ac- commodation to tho vvhulo Exhibition, inclusivo of hvo stock. TI o eentro transept, which will bo floored, will measure 2i/0 x 60 feel, 70 feet 1 lgh, with a gallory lo fo)t wide, ex- tending lluoughout tbo length and breadth of tho build- ing 1 be two annexe", 250 x 40 feet, are to bo paved, and ufed for livestock oi machiner} Tho structure is to bo of stone, britlr, nen, and g1 ien of n composite design Tho ccmforl of Iht visite is, exhibitors, and attendants has boen corcfullv piovided for by fho architect Some ceremonial IB to inaugúralo iho lajing of tho Urst stono at nn oarly dato 'Ibu luilding is to bo commenced nnd finished wubin a peru d oi four months and Iho aooioty's fust Inter ce It nal JLxhibition witlnn it is to tako place in August or Scj (ember 'lui' roimicovn\a WOOL SHOW -Tho exhibits of weil ioiwuided to the uociotj in leeponso to tbooiHr of £80 ni cai-b pn/ep, will bo on vtovv on the 131h instant, at Mtesrp IMoit B now worl [(ores, Philip-Mrcct. Tho num 1 ti of (iilinnceB, 32 Speciui n fleeces from tho bales will bo lelauxd for tx.hibilie,n in Septenibor, I PitoicsBou BADUAM'S NEW PAMturr-T.-The Rov. ChnrlcB Badham, D 1) , Piófeesor of OlaSBtes and Logic in thofcjdncy "Uiivorsifj, has just published a woik in the modest and unpretentious torm of a pamphlot, which uiuat, doubtless, attract the attention of (ho learned worll It u eutitlccl, " Adhortntio ad Juvontutom Academical« bydnei cnseni," hut is likol), wo should think, to bu studied with plcnFuro and with prout hy a much molo extensive and critical circloof loaders Ibis' Opuaculuin, ' oonaiating of Ihn ty four pages, is written, throughout, m tho almost univcisnllj known Latin tongue, and hat boen publishcl bj the cxproisa desiro of tho benito , thomannor m uhiob. (ho littlo hi ok has been turned out being highly oruditvblo to tho printers, Messrs Gibba and bhullard It will moat ccrlniuiy bo road and ponderod over by tho acholara of Emopo, and oepocially thoio nt Loydon, whoro (he Itarucd author's talents ara woll known and donor vcdly appreciated In view of this trouera! fict it innot uuiloasiEg; to bo reminded that the "Adhortntiu is utily nn Australian work, writlon in Austnlia, and liintcd in Australia, printed, moroovor (as wo uro 10. iormed m a noto nt tho end of tho book), upon Auptril an pai cr, n ciitumatanco in itself very pleasingly suggestive. lrcm the opening of tho address woloirn that tho Pio fessor has liten chiefly nninm'cd in tho course ho has now taken, bj his desire to imitate tho ex implo sot before him bj uianj of tho great toachors of Lui ope, hoping thornby lo bo enabled to kiudlu and to cherish in tho minda of hil stholaia tint lovo of litcialuro by which ho has hidisolf for po uianj j ears past boen comfo tod and sustained Dr. Badham then procoods, in earnest and oloquont torms to defend tho scholastic study of tho Oroik language and lite- rature against all who have ventured to dispirago it as a means for duly cduciting tho intellect and oxpauding tho mind of mnn, and who hivo roeommondo I that tho talents of jouth shoull rnlhor bo exercised on work of a moro utilitarian charaoter, wori moro directly adapted to the ordiniry purposos of hfo " A most clovcr mau," Mr Robert Luwa-formerly ( no of tho members of our Colonial Legislature, and now Chancellor of tho Exchequer in Lngland-13 epoaiilly glanced at, as ono of thoso who havo mido thoniaolvea obnoxious for advocating this rwfi Oreel hypothosiB, in re gin d to liberal education, anl as uno upon whom tho Doctor s guns havo thus been specially brought lj bou- llia Doctor is not, it seems, favoumblo to tho substitution of phj eleni science for Greek and Latin, and ho atronuou'-ly adauecs i foruudnhlo array of argumenta against any «lion nn experiment Kot that ho is to ha undotstood as, in any w iij, deprecating (ho study of scienco, but that ho ovt dmtlj tlniil s tho human mind, in ÜB htghost dovolopmont, will bo found beat trained for such studj by bein,; fit st imbued with that learning in whioh, as a l'rofoasoi, ho holds so distinguished a placo Of course tho question, so nbly nigucd, is nn open ono-a question upon which, ns doctors disagree, a novvspaper may forbear to expro6s any dectdod opinion Having cloquontlj implored his joung friends not to forsako thoso clovuting studlea, of which ho is to thom and to others so able and icdcfatigahlo an exponent, tho author of tho "Adhortarlo" (from tho eighth to thirty fourth pago) proceeds to cito a namW of specimens of original criticisms upon tho text of works by Thuoj didos, _Lsohj lus, Aristophanos, Herodotus, and Pinto TJMTFD PRAIER MEETINGS -A well altondod mooting for united prajer was hold botween the hours of 1 and i 0 clack josterdaj afternoon, in tho Tomporvnoa Hall, Pitt Eticet, over which the Rov A 1 houison presided In tho evening, tho scries of meetings which havo hoon held dur- ing the week, wero brought to a close, whon, boaidoa Iho pru\er meeting, a united Communion service was also hold in the Tilt streot Congregational Church Thoro wia a largo attendance 'lho Rov John Graham presided Monj of tho clcrgj mon and communicants from tho eily and suburban cburcheB wero present Iho Rev Cohn M. CuU loth preached an excellent mid nppropnato sor_iô_ lo the congicgation, taking for his text tho lrt'.oi part of tho fifth. vcino of tho fifth chapter of St Pauls Epistle to tho RoiunnB - " Because the loYo Of God is shod auroid in our hcaitsbytbo Holy Ghost which Is given unto us ' Iho "c\i III v '- Piddington delivered an eatnostaddross (0 tonmunicnnts, after which the oiliaanco of tho Lords Su] per was administered Tho special sutject of priyor to vi hich the seimon and address ha 1 îofcronco-waa " rho Chitttion Church Prajer for all ministers of tho Word, for all nuEstonary and religious societies, for tho romov al of fuite dootrmes, nnd for tho revival of teligion and tho incrcaso of Ohnstian lovo among all true boltovors " PIKE.-At 10 minutes past 8 last evening, information was civ cn at the Brignde Engino Station, Bathurst «Iroot, that n firo had broken out at Mr L Bergin s, grocor, G17, Buckfiold-hi'l In a few minutes Mr Superintendent Bown with his bngado wero on the spot with hydrant and engines, but fortunately, owing to tho prosonoo of unnd of Mr Bergin, their sen ico was not oallod into re quiation A I croBeno lamp had boon loft m tho drawmg rcom, which exploded, setting fire to a considorablo portion. of tho floor, tho flames ascend ng tu tho ceiling and ap- parently threatening the destruction of tho bu Iding Mr. Bei{.in ru'hedinto tho room wtth a buckotful of wator and thrrw over it, nnd then beat it out vvithapioco ofoarpot. Mr Bown immediately had tho windows all oponed to lot out lho immense volume of smoko, to provont furthor dnmrgo , na ic is, the wall and calimpa are muoh dig eolouicd Mr Bergin is not insu ed Tho bull ling is tha pioicrlyofMr Baviis, who«o igont is Mr 1 W Bawden. THE BALLOON ASCENT. - In consequence of Mr. Gale not being in a position to make a satisfactory ascent to-day, from the fact that he cannot inflate the balloon so as to carry out his original idea, he has postponed the event until Saturday next by which time all arrangements will be perfected, and the public will then have an opportunity of witnessing an aeronautic flight in its integrity, BLMDICT s CANTATA oi "UNDINE -Speaking of tho production of this celebrated Cmtati nt tbo Norwich I'os tivnl (and which is novv in Tohearsal by tho Civil Somos Mutical Socioty for their next conceit), tho Atli'ntcim tnys -"Mr Benedicts ' Undino,' as po form-d at the ^Norwich restivul, is, without question, one of the host of 11 ode rn cantatas, and their number is on tho incroiso. Undino' is, to our thinking, hy lrnuy Aegioes, Mr Bene dic' a best and most spontaneous work It is full of boauty, full of fancy tho overture is delicious, as a proludo to a faLrj talo of Jakes and streams lho opening of tho allegro uiaj bo expresslj commended by those w ho aro dispos3d to bo paptunsti (Miss Burnoy's Johnsonian word) over the overture to ' lannhausor ' The effoot whtch Herr Wagner has there tried for is got hero 1 ho socoud sub- ject is olegontlj flowing, tho third,markedschenando, hap- pily fancied, is an enhancement, not nn intrusion Wo know no modem overture better than this The oponing cboius (with the episodical cntranco of Kuhloborn) is ia tho tamo humour, excellent and unaffected in vuioty. Undine s solo, with chorus, is thoroughlv graceful, though it will fax any voico less certain in its high notes than Madame Nov olio B The tor/elt (îîo 4) is not loss good 1 ho Eccna for the tenoi (No 6) is exoallent as a pieco of dis plaj for the tenor, with its intimation of tho march (No 6), which, when it arrives, proves to be a now wedding march After Mendelssohns this was difficult to find, jot Mr. Benedict _BB found it lho first movement of No 8, a contralto sccna, ia again good and calcuhtod to tompt every contralto Trom this point the cantata bccoruo3 slago music till its very close, where the introduction of tho singlo voico of tho spirit, after lho violent chorus which precedes it is a touch of poetry after melodrama ' Undino' should keep Its pUce among cantatas It pleased, honestly, all who heard it at Norwioh It will please moro upon every repetition " OCEAI« MAIL SEIH ICE -It is stated in tho " town talk 'of tho Afta noon 2elegi am of jostordaj -'Ihoro aro como new postal arrangements a foot Cabinet Minis- ters from Queensland and Now Zealand aro closotod daily with our Premier Thoy ore said to be porfeoltng samo gigantic scheme of ocean postal mail service, which will of ocurso redound to the hononr of all parties, and profit us. \ letona will have no sharo in this new routo It will bo a little family arrangement between us and our lelatives of Now Zealand and Queensland, and us thoso two moiibora of the colony g'otip aro by no means flush of monoy, it 13 most probablo that Now South Vu ales, ns tho rich older brother, will have to pay tho best part of (ho co-,t lksnnAi>Gir>G-'iho Warrogo correcpondent of tho Ti cqga Wagga Adie} User sijs A gentlemans supposed to Lave como from Boma, and down tho "ft arrogo to Mon gnlone, whero he stuck up tho inn, and tired three timoa at Mr Baker, tho landloicl, wounding him sovi.roly Ho then appears to havo crossed over t J tho head of tho Paroo, mid was m the act of sccunng tho people at Lyon and Mar- tin c station-m (ko slyle of tho frateimt} -having them all ] crehed cn the top of the stockyird fonço, w bon his at- tention waB drawn to a vehiclo duvmg up to the placo, and unfortunately for him, ho went to Eea who tho occupants were, and called on them to bail up in tho usual wav Tho occupants of the (rap wero Messrs Browne, Zouch and Braolcv, and whilst tho bushrangci s eye was taken off I he 111 for a niomc t, ho was soi^d upon, and boforo ho hal recovered himself ho was securelj tied to thovorandih post, and kept there uotil tho police, who wore on IIB luck, cinio up and took chargo of hitu If ho had kn5»n any- thing of tho gentlemen m lho trap, he would havo given them awidobeith, as ho could scucelj havo meta moro dnngerous trio lopiacli'o on, Mr Brown alono standing something like 6 f<.ct 0 incheB in his stockings, and being altogether what might be termed a \«j j " awkward custo- mer" indeed to stick up, and give a chanco to nftorwwds SiGAit CULTIVATION ON THE CIAJIENCE- lho Hon wood Island correspondent of the Oi afton Obsuvsr stales Ibntrlthough reporte with regard to this new industry have been rnvlhmg but encouraging, still there has baoi a Inrpo nrcn planted in that locality "All that I have seen loo! s well, nncT (hop1 antere aro muoh more attentive this seoion m keeping it clear of reeds Last j oar's cano has much improved during lho last two months, it would require trashtng ngnm should tho time of tho 5 oar not foibia it I understand that tho Sydney Sugu Holinmg Cc injury have procured a silo for a null on this 1 land, on the main channel bank, and opposite tho entrance to Pulinci's Chnnnel ' AcciniATs utoM SOD K-WATER BoTTrrs-WO aro notnwnro vvhcthei a test is opplied to asea turn whether there is nnv Haw in bottles used for efferveacmg drink«, lut from Iho fiequencj of accidents conséquent on their lursting, it would seem that somo test is nccasary Wo leam from (ho Gi afton Observo that on last luosaay morning OB Mr Vi. Southion, jun, was cinplojol ia bottling off lemonade a uottlo buist, and a Ingo piecj struck him in tho thigh, caunng a fearful gath Ho » va attended to by Dr Purdie, wto stitched the woual ona applied tho usual remedí s Wo havo also to record thH, cn Mcdncfdaj afternoon, a yonng man, named Jicou Ruhr, in Mr. Southions emplov, 11U0 mot with a sumlir occident, a bottlo having burst, and p irtions of iho gua* stilling him cn the back of the hand uoar tho knuuclos, scvciing an artery ^ Mi mc requcBlcil to call a'tention to Rradlor Newton anti Lnibf «alts thl» day at lb Room», lut atlee, of C111 a mi Hine household furniture 1 Hnofortea, guns, paultrj-, iheanu-tc &c; 1 commencing at 11 o'clock, 