' A FIRST LOVE. ' ';' ' [FROM TEMrLB MAE.] ; I had been only a very short time in Mayence. when, one afternoon, I was on my way. to the Neue Anlago. Passing hurriedly under the New Gato, I was obliged to stop before t'lio'^ narrow. drawbridge, becouso a carriage was passing over it. Standing there, I heard the lovely voice of ,a : girl calling out, 'Mother! look at that handsome oflicbr ! I lookea up, greatly surprised, ana mw at the other side of the gato an oldorly modestly clad woman, with _a most charming girl, at her sidp../ Tho pretty, child hold her, little' handa folded on hor breast, and looked right into ray. face with her largo dark-bluo eyes, which glittered like stars ; while her fresh lips, from which 'these - words had escaped, remained parted as though '? sho were in a trance. ' , ' : ?' ' :'' ' Meanwhile the carnage had passed; and I saw that the pretty petrified girl had dropped her handkerchief. 1 stopped, and hold it out to hor ; but shg remained in 'tlio same position, without evenvexteridirigi'lier ha§d,'i 'arid hey delicate face ..wM'cbyeredAvith^Dlushes.. The.Vwomari took, it,, and thanked me. ''I made a slight bow, and passed hurriedly on over the bridge, ? a little confused by the incident myself. ?- The empty carriage which had met moon the drawbridge was that- of jthe Princess— she and 'Miss, de: Wieaenthau were therefore already in the Anlage..; Had ithisjnot been the case, I would certainly liave followed the pretty: girl; , blit Missde Wiesenthaujhad turned my head a little. Notwithstanding' this, : my thoughts were still ^with 'the. handsome jgirl, when I went through tho.garden, and though I smiled at her pretty iperjjlexed face,: her. sweet voice and the words she had said were still i ring ing in my ear. 'The word 'Mother!' she 'had said as though in a sadden fright,, and those that ;fbllo'wed hesitatingly, as if against her: own will, and in a dream. I was; however, in hopes that v she also was on her way to the Aulage, arid that 1 1 might have an bppprtunitjr of seeing her again. But I was mistaken, in this, 'for the two ladies probably took the way leadirig tothe Gan Gate. : 'When in bed at night, the recollection ofl riiy little adventure troubled me 'much, and my busy fancy tried to recall the whole scene, and to con tinue it as I should, have 'wished it. ? I reproached myself for my awkwardness^ and, above all* t^at I had not secured to myself the possibility of con iiinuingthisinterestirigacquaintance. Now, Iknew nothing about her, jnor how to fihd her- out in this rather large city. Though I knew certajinly yery little of her, aad had only seen, her 'for a moment,: I knew heD face by heart, and none of its charms had escaped me. I was all fire,1 and I must' say that her nattering words did fan! the iflame considerably. 1 1 fell asleep at last, firmly resolved to find my pretty unknown. i ' ; Next day ; I- consulted my frierid Schlichten, .who, however- did ; riot know any girl answering to my_ enraptured description i; and I could; not sufficiently lament my stupidity in perinitting her to: disappear without my knowing whither. The only advice' he cbuld give me was to keep my ? eyes open. ? 'As I had'not an idea -in which £art ? of the city she migfit live, I ran 'like a madtoan ;thrbugh all ; the stiieets/ : looking' at all 'the girls; 'under their, bbrinetsj- arid in at every- window— - but ih yairi;f In.-' vain'/' also, T hovered' about the way to the 'Anlage,1 and returfied several tim.es to theplace where she had, been, as( if that place ?could '?' tell irie where 'she : lived. .- ;Schlichteri lauglied at my, excitement,1 and advised patiepce; ' Go to the early mass,' he said ;' '-'{perliapsyou 'will find her- thero.' ' I did, arid attended j the churches early in ; the morning, arid saw many pretty faces, -but not .the one; I wanted, Thus I, went on for about a.Week/ and became quite pale with excitement; ' . ? ' ;.','? j ',}',;. : One morning, as I passed over .the marketplace, looking around attentively, I saw'at'fibme distance a woman whose 'somewhat bright shawl much resembled that worn by the mother of. the girl ',-when I had seen her. I at once gave chase, but this was rather difficult in the crowded market, where baskets and |sundry , elbows opposed i my progress^not to speak of. a great many heartfelt curses against the arrogant lieutenant,; who .was running with' his riijse up ih the',: air..' ,Now;and then.I caught a glimpse of , the woman, thanksto her bright-colored shawl, until at last she dived into' , one of; the. narrow lanes leading from! the market. Iriishedajfter'her, arid was enabled to follow her for. a while with my eyes :; but, not far from the Rhirie.'she disappeared suddenly, as;if she had been swallowed '.up by the ground. ; As 'she.hada basket od.her arm, ;I guessed that; she had . made purchases 'in .the 'market, arid ?. had beeri on her way home ; ;. therefore she might' live' somewhere near, theJRhine.. .... ' ; ?'. .'. : '. ' . My ramblings ,had( now at least' a. certain . base, arid bri the very riejijt day I hatf :the 'good-ludk- to see the object of iny, dreams, herself.. She ' was . ^yithout bonnet. orJshawl, and came, out of a little shop, and 'must therefore live quite, close by; She ran yery fast, without looking around ; and, turning a comet, disappeared as suddenly as her raother had done/ without my having the least idea what door; she had entered. ' My heart was beating fast, and it was fortunate that only a : few persons were in the narrow street, for anyone who looked atine miisthave been struck by my ?unusual excitement.! I loitered about ini the neighborhood until dpk, arid reconnoitred all the Av'indows,' but without success. I was now ?obliged tb give up mi excursions for a'day brtwo, ail was on guard, apd detained in other -ivays 'also. ,: Schlichten, t( whom '- I.commuaieateq. my trifling success, said, ' Be glad that you have ad variceaso far'; butl)3have Hensibly,or you 'will spoil the whole thing ' I resolved to be serisible, , arid , only passed tlat street half-a-dozen times every day. Nobody- :ould think this strange, for: I might bo living in the neighborhood, or my road to my barracls might lead through Jthat 'street.' ' ? ' ?-????'??:.???? ? .?-? ? ; .. One afternoon, a; I was slowly passing ithis interesting street, 1 was caught in a sudden shower, which drov 3 all the people from- the. street, and compellec them to look but for shelter. I did notseo any near, arid hurried aheid, when, ' in 'a turning, Idiscivered a door which did not seem to belong to 'an/ dwelling-house. It was a yery old door in a Gothic arch, on which some . architectural ornan ents were preserved, and which offered an exc llent protection against the rain; that fell with e ren greater force than before. ? On a sudden, I saw the top of an open umbrella ' turn the corner also, and advance towards i-mo. When the umbrella was folded there stood before me my pretty girl, uttering a little cry of sur prise on seeing mo. j I was quite confused by my unexpected good-luck, and stammered a fow in coherent words, expressing my pleasure at the chance ' which- permitted mo to meet her again. 'I am living hereJ' she said, in a low and tremulous voice, as if to induce me to let her pass. Though I might have guessed as much, I rbally believed that she was only looking for a momen tary shelter, like mjself, as the whole character of the door suggested more the idea of: a church or convent than .of a dwelling-house. 'I ^on't wonder now that I did not find it,' I said, in my first surprise. She looked at me . for a moment wondeiingly, and it ivaa long before she could get the key into, the Jjpck, for ? her hand trembled. When she succeeded an openingtho door, and had entered, she lingered for a moment irresolute, made a slight bow as if intending to go; and then said, with spmd embarrassment, ' But it is raining so hard ; will you not take my umbrella ?' , '?I thank you very much,' I answered, ' but have you ever seen an officer withan umbrella?' ' But you cannot possibly — — ' and she stopped. 'The rain will soon) ccasa,' I said, entering the door. 'Permit me to stay hero for a moment.' ' But I am quite alone in the house!' she .said. , 'Are you. afraid of me?' I answered, looking into hor eyes, arid taking her. hand. She smiled, and shook her head; and hor lips moved; as if she was going to say something, which, however, she suppressed. : . . i ' ; ; - : I; went! with her up the staircase, and into a - dark, rather plainly' furnished room, when she said, 'I shall return dii-ectly :'' ; and: loft mo .alone ini a stafe. b£ oxcitoment difficult to de-. scribe. After some'timo sho returned. Sho had taken off her bonnet and shawl, and had, as I noticed, changed her- shoesi She wore a simple high brown dress, i fitting tightly, and showing the fine form of herjbust. Fortunately, ^she did: not wear, those horrid gigot. sleeves which: were then the fashion. . Hers were wide, and fell in natural folds down ;to the elbow, where they be camb narrow., , The skirt was/ however, |aftor the fashion, which was yory short, and showing her pretty, ankles and, charming littlo foot. Her hand was a littlo wonder, and no duchess, com- , manding all kinds, of cosmetics, could have had one prettier or whiter. The only blemish : in it was the marks of the needle on hor forefingor. ? i.;'.i ; ! -. . ;;,-. . ? :i ...;.:?? ';?. ?:?:,:..,,;?-? ',;..; ' ,,?[??'- Theresa was not yet seventeen, though she might have passed for a year or two older. Her form was well rounded; arid 'there -was nothing thin or angular about her. She : was of middle height, but might have been called rather tall, than short. _'.Her supple waist, 'riot pressed in by the, artificial means of .stays, was extremely small/arid appeared' so the1 more because iher, hipswere Ml- and well rounded.- .Her hands and feetwere beautiful, and heriankles. extreinely : fine. The round splendidly moulded .arm was almost too white, and wherever nature is in jthe habit of ornamenting her favorites with dimples, they were to be found on her,- exsopton the;chin; and those on her= cheeks showed themselves only, when she- smiled. Her face was a, regular. ; oval. Her littlo vaulted forehead was as'smppth jisia mirror,'and of the purest white. Her'c'omplexion was very' delicate, ; and over ; her ' cheeks |was1; spread -a blush like that of the inte'ribr 'of- & white rose.. Finely pencilled black eyebrow^ over arched the finest pair of eyes I ever saw, in! my life. Their white was bluish, arid: bo. near [the pupil that it .appeared almost as transparent as fine porcelain. The pupil itself seemed to be black -but, if the light fell on. it; : brie could j see that it was an extremely dark blue/ which iri joy sparlded like a gem. Though; hor eyes .were very large and beautifully formed, they .were rarely, to be . seen in their full extent,' because they were nearly half-veiled by her somewhat heavy eye lids and dense long lashes, which' gave: them a; peculiarly charming dreamy expression. : Her nose, which formed with her 'for eh'ead;a scarcely perceptible angle, was straight, 'arid1 beautifully chiselled, ; and her short upper-lip of that exqui-: site beauty as. is not unfreqiiently seen ' in Eng lish and American girls. Her' hair was ' dark brmvn, nearly black, and so luxuriant that'it re quired a peculiar arrangement to dispose of this abundance; though it was extretnel/'fine, and. could be compressed into a smaUcoinpass; She rarely laughed, but smiled frequently/ especially if she felt happy ;' and when, with a peculiar grace of her bWn, she clapped her little hands 'and unveiled her sparkling eyes, she was indeed; the ideal of a happy child. ' She was always gentle, and the sound of her 'Voice; touched the'vhbart. But hoVv is it possible to1: describe the indescrib-: able ?', 'How. can I convey that childlike inno cence and loveliness/ arid the poetical- naivete of her innocent heart arid1 of her ?charining ighor 'arice? ?'?-.. .',- ;: ' £;-- -'-/\'-'-'-- ','?''? ::', i!J ?:'-11-'^ .''?',; , But I niust return to, the ; bare, dull .rooin!, in which Theresa; joinedme again, whilst the rain' was Still beating 'against the Windo'wsl ' She re mained standing before me. in some, confusion, and restlessljr entwining her HttW fipgers, (as if in deep eiriotion. ' When I looked into her! face, I 1 discovered, almost with terror, ' that a heavy tear : was ; treiribling in her eye, . ready to fall. . I ielt extremely sorry, and asked, in ari uncertain voice, 'you arecrying?',1; She. smiled,,, and; the tears rolled 'over her cheeks' without her attempt ingito wipe theiri off. ' Has my^ boldness1- my in trusion— offended you !' I continued/ and ' I took up my pap. 'Indeed that was not my intention, —certainly riot. I will.'go, at once..'', She sh'ook her head, and made a mpyeirifint ,with' her hand/ as if to retain me. I now' took that'hand,' which she left.iri mine;,, 'And why db'you:,cfy ?' iShe lookecl.;at me with.a friendly expression, ;andi ani s wered,' scarcely, audibly^ . I do not k h jW why. ' : 'Are you afraid,' I continued, .'lest .ybjir jmo-. ther should coine,1 and ,-bo .angry at finding,1 me here V, ' Neither my mother nor. father , come home'befpre night.' I did not khbw'.what; to think, or how to explain these tears., I was a child like her— -I; had just reached iny eighteenth year !— and was very, near crying like her. I In this perplexity I : did not; Icnow what b,ejtiter to do than to take her other hand also,; apd to.1 ask whether she was angry with me?: . r.'1.. ? . . She smiled at . me' through her tears, ? arid a trembling sigh stole from her breast. '. -, I covered ? her. little hands-r-which she gently tried to: dis engage—with kisses, and told her how. , I had thought only of her all the time since I had seen her a,t the New Gate ; how I had searched every- '' where for her house, arid could not find it ;'how: I saw her mother, and at last herself, a few days ago; but never should have discovered this house but for that blessed rain, and, the still more blessed goodluckof meetirig her. , ', , ,; ;.: ; ; I then heard from her that she had not been long in Mayence^ had but few acquaintances/ and went out very rarely— only sometimes w,ith: her mother, who had a friend in, the ;Gan Street, or to the Palace, {where her mother, .was (occupied until evening. . If the weather was fine, she and her mother sometimes took a walk on the Rhine ' Bridge. She did not know any young i girls, iand was almost always alone at home ; for her father, who had a place in the Custom-house,, did not even come- home for dinner, and generally re-, turned very lateat night. ,1 pitied' her- and said that, alone in such a dark and. gloomy rooin,; she could not feel happy ; but she told me that her own room was very pleasant, and looked on the' Rhine, where she had always something to -see; and she never felt ennui, for ? she ? ' worked Ivery1 ' industriously. .. ; ?-, '. .'. ;? i !. ; ; Whilst she was telling mo this, I stood before her, still holding her little hand, which some times made a timid motion like a- caught bird.'. When I at last asked whether she had recognised me at once, and whether she had also thought a little of me, she nodded slowly twice, whilst a slight blush covered her face ; and; from her half closed eyes came such a sweet loving look, that I could not resist any longer. . I encircled ? her ' waist, and gave her a long, long kiss. , Then, I1 asked whether she loved me '( Sho did! not answer, but hid her face on my shoulder. 'Oh !'? she sighed, at last, ' I am afraid it is again only a dream !' And when I looked into her eyesj she covered mine with her. hands, and said, ':0h ! flames spring from those eyes — as in that dream !' On the night after she had first met me; she dreamt that an angel, stood at her bedside bend ing oyer her, and when she looked into his face, she saw that it was mine. I asked, whether tho angel had epaulettes ? She shook her head smil ingly, and said : .'Oh, no ! he had Jarge Iblue wings ! and when he looked at ine, and his 'face was close to mine,, flames streamed from his eyes,; before .which I had to Bhut minei , Then he kissed me, and wrapped me in his . large wings, . and I felt that, I /was dead.' \ ,1 kissed ner,; and, said, 'That, was; an angel; but. you will, not; die from my kiss.' ~.,'., Who, knows ? '.; she answered, thoughtfully. ??'.'' Though— let it be 1' She' said it seemed to her as if she had known me from her childhood, but how- and iwhere'slie |had mot ine she was not aware. This was ,the real reason; why she had been so amazed -on seeing meat thejNew Gate. After a pause, she said, as it' were speak ing to herself, 4t This, then, , is heaven 1' i Her grand-uncle, a mild old. gentleman,, a Catholic, priest, with whom she had stayed for a i long time, and who had educated her, had once; said to her, when , asked many things about heaven and hell, j ' To love each' other is heaven \ and to iovo no one, and not to be loyed, ishpU'f— the meaning of which sho could never understand. , She was no longer embarrassed, arid her face acquired a peculiar expression, which I noticod withakind ofawo.' Hor.bxeastheavednoxf arid then with a trombling sigh ;. her cheeks becamo pale, but her lips remained as they weroi and quivered as if blessings were; passing over them ; , whilst hor oyes were opened to. their widest ex tont. Thus she looked intently into my face for a long while, her hands on my shoulders,; as if desirous of drawing my soul into hers. Then sho smiled, and closing hor oyes, she pressed her face against my breast with a sigh of happiness. When she raised her head, her countenance had regained its former gentle expression. She rose, took my hand, aud said, 'Come-^— 'I then stopped. ' I do not even -know thy namb, and .'. ' ? ; i ? ? i ' * ? ' ' ' ' ' ' ''? ' 'i ' '. ' ' / ' '. ? :' '. ' ! thou not mine, ?-?.-My name,s is^.Theresa ; and _thine?' 'Otto.'' 'Come, Orto^ptto— Otto !' 'and shepressedher hands to her face.'- ???' Come, .Otto,!:now'I will show you.my room.' .1 followed her through a passage, over a'stairca3e,: and:camo into a narrpw corridor, which ended to the right at a wall j with a small window, in the shape of a loophole ;, tp, the left the passage led to a narrow stone staircase. A few paces .from it was a door, in a thick ? wall : of solid . square stones, which led to Theresa's room. . .'.... .??:??. This room seemed to form the half i of tho inferior of a square, tower. -Opposite the heavy oak door, which was ? studded withi large rbund hoaded nails/ was : a high; Gothic: windo\y — or ?rather thehalfofr one, for the wall dividing the' interior of the tower leant on the stone columns in its middle. .) The upper part pf. that window had the original little circular panes set in lead, whilstiri its -lower part was : fixed a modern window with large square paries.:. IThe outside of the whole large window was protectedby a cage like/' cunningly- wrought iron gate/bulging out widelyiatiits lower /part. ? As1 the wall;was ex tremely^ thick; a rather deep recess; or niche, was formed. by this, window,: into which a step had been :fittedj, Iwith Theresa's working-table and chair.' :'- '??; -? : ? :'-? -??'? - ?:..'.-.'?'? ;?; ; ??'.??/ ? This niche was charming.. Outside' the window were a large number of flowers in potsj' extremely well kept-:' and 'between 'them stood/ in fine weather, the'.'cage of a canary-bird. Opposite her ; chair1 hung, a looking-glass, in which one cbuld see 'up1 to the bridge ; whilst,- sitting on that chair,' one had the view up the Rhine.- The stepswerb covered with a carpet, 'bri' which stood a. little embroidered footstool. ' The Whole niche could be closed against the room by a cur tain of. faded' green old-fashibned; woollen damask.: : 'The floor was nearly black oak; and ' the ; walls : were painted grey in grey'1 with arabesques ? whilst the ceiling- was. White, and brnamerited' with rather, heavy ; stucco., ! In' tho wall of the tower to 'the left had been also such a* Gothic ;: window. ,It had been walled up, how ever, and therecess been enlarged by. asple'ndid 'ly-carveddoof:likefram:e.of'bak.; ?This riiche was also closed by a;curtain of fa'de'd'greeri datnask, and received light from a loophole-like window looking towards ' the bridge. In this 'reces^' stood ' Theresa's : bed. ' Opppsito this 'cosy ' dormitory ? stood a sbfav and on its right.; and left curiously carved1 bid .'chests of drawers, of old black walnut, with shining brass ornaments j: 'and bver'tliem Bung queer narrow. : lookirig-glassea, in ; old fashioned faded gold frames.. . Over. the sofa hung,' in a .similar frame, a very well-painted picture, ,with a great many figures, . the object of 'which; I' never could find out. : To the -left of the window stood an pld-fashibned . piano,' of a light wood, ; and inlaid with m'other-bf -pearl : close to it, in the corner, was a cupboard ;. and between it and the bed niche stood a . washing- ?stand, 'epvered with drapery of the same, green ? woolleri stuff. What purpose : that tower had served did not appear. It probably forined the . part of ambre extensive' building/ of which the . walls 'were ;. washed by the waters of the Rhine. |ISi6:WM;1toibe,-seen-froni--the:-'riiins1-'ofi''''celkrs, which fan underneath ; the street ' down to the river.; -:v ; ,' .' ?;.' : ', ??'?? ';-';1 ^ ?''''.:i''i'r[ . 'In the( forenoon,' said Theresa^ rf.whe'ri the ,'sun shines in my room, it is very pleasant; but I enjoy also' the evening, between' the light and the : dark, when a pleasirig fear 'creeps over me, arid I nestle down ? on my sofa/ and I see.'.in the shade of the corners all kinds of strange and wonderful shapes, and 'think all: sorts of roiriantic tales. .When _wo. came over here from Worms, the gentleman who had the disposal of the house 'would 'Jet) father; only have'; thedwelling in the forehouse ; but. thoy;had no. objection to my oc oupying .this room, which had not been tenanted perhaps fer a hundred years. Itiobked strange and .rather- desolate. The window was broken, the.floor.covered with the dust, of- ages, ,as .were also that old table, the wardrobe, and the chest of drawers. On the frame over the bed birds had had 'their nests, and the 'walls arid everything else; were thickly covered with cobwebs. My mother, scolded me for my foolishness, as she called it, to' wish to live in such a desolate stable ; but I was enraptured with the recess in the window, and tho view of the ;Rhine. - The gentleman who . came up with me here , said, These old walls might tell a great deal if they could speak, arid awful things' might have oc curred in this room !' My mother stopped her ears; I felt also;, a' sort of dread, butllikedit, though. ' : : The old curtains were also herei but how dirty and torn ! 'And when I first laid down in my large bed, Iprayed twice as long as usual, and hung a crucifix over it ; and now the ghosts, if there are any here, have : no power, over me. Only think,! mother does not venture here, after dark^ arid says that she has seen and heard many suspicious things. Are you tired of my prattling ? Not ? '.' Look, I have not talked so ' much \ in a whole month ! And to whom should I !? But I feel' so light and still so sad to-day. I do not 'know, hipw it is, but I feel as if I must tell thee everything.- - Good Lord ! ' arid I speak tb theo !for'the first time in iny life !' But I cannot help it;;: I- feel as if I had known thee for many, many ;years.'.: ,:?',...???? . ; ;???. /?; ? ;? . I stoo4 before .her, holding her hands, and lis tening with an indescribable rapture to,' her art less prattle ; ahd, lookinginto her large friendly ;eyes,.and' at her busy fresh lips,' I 'felt a strange erijotion, which brought the tears into iny eyes, arid made hie silent. All this was to -'me 'like a dream —like a tale from the Arabian Nights. I could do' nothing else but press her to my heart and kiss her1 soft cheeks,, which had' colored higher during her ohatting., : I had. to sit down : inlier . chair : at the window, and to admire tho view/ then her flowers, ,and her canary-bird, and the. .artificial flowers, which she made most wonderfully. .. ' But my little bird must have an extra pleasure to-day,' sho said; ' for, oh 1 I am so happy: ! I must always cry if I am happy. Is, not that j strange 1 And if I ' am ; yory much pleased -with- anything— for instance1, a fine flower/ or the blue sky, or the green Rhine^ — tears always come to my. eyes. — Thero, you littlo thief, you will, like that ! .; Bo glad that Iliad already prepared it this morning, for now, I could not dOlt.' ? ' .... .,' ;..,-. ''? .., Shdhad peeled hempsced, which she mixed with, sugar, and put into'the cage for the bird, which playfully pecked her rosy fingers. But I 'should have to write many riages if I were to re peat all' her dear chat, of which1 the reader may be tired' already.- 1 was now like one stunned. Theresa and I had- changed our nature. First she, was.. silent, ; and I talked; and now sho prattled merrily away, .whilst I was silenced by .the .admiration of her. loveliness and my trans cendent happiness, The clock struck six. I had been three hours with her, arid thought it would betimo'to go, that her mother might riot fii^d, me. 'And what ' would it '. be, if my mother saw thee ?,' she said. ? '-But- thbu art right; 'she does not much like officers, and says that thoyaro so bold, and' look the 'girk so im 'pudently-in: the face. Therefore -she will never go with naeto the music in thVArilage, and I am 'so'foiidof musid !' My mother comes' homo only after eight o'clock, but the charwoman '. nomes afe seven. ; How .Ipng will it be until I- see thea again ?' ' ..'.;.?.? ; j Woagreedthat Ishoukl call noxt day in tho afternoon.,- She would make a cross with clay at ?the door if she was alone at-home ; and I was ta come: from, the Rhino,, from , Svlienco a harrow passage 'led almost ? directly to tho hbuso-dopr — which was bettor, as tho people in the 'neigh- borhood could not observo me. ? Wo took leave as if I wore going to Australia ; and, boforo I went, sho cut off a.'look of my hair, that something be longing to mo might be with her, and guvo mo also a look1 of hers. ' At last I f orbed myself to go, and, \----following tho passage jiisfcmentioiied,:IJ came' but near the Uliine. ; -.;:'. ' . ' . I I cannot .say. that J walked.; Invent. on almost. ? reeling, and found myself in the Grosse Bleiche, ' almost without knowing it, wheni suddenly, BOiije one caught me from, behind. . It was my friend , ' Theodore von Schlichten, who cried:; ' What|s the matter with you ? Are you tipsy or deaf ? I1 ' burst my lungs with crying after you, but you dp hot hear, where are you going to.?' i. 'X do-not' care I' ' Come with me. F-^— is on guard. I am. just on my way there.' 'No— no! not at ' any price, now. Oh, Schlichten II shall go mad '? for happiness !' 'How ? — why?' he ejaculated, taking my arm. 'Indeed! Why don't you ;; speak?' 'Not here. Comehonie; and I. will tell you. ' ' Bon I I submit to my fate. Like . Curtius, I will jump into an abyss of along affecting love-story, full of ''Ah. !' and 'Oh ! 'P 'I passed three hours with her j ' 'Wli— at !?' : ' said my friend, and started. ' ' Of course she is - an angel — a she where one is permitted to forget : oneself— a Miss Tearsheet, with a virtuous foil ?f :;-I became very angry, tore myarp from his, and, said I would not tell him anything if he did not ? ! -behave properly. 'Well, old boy,' he said, 'I: .will believe religidusly — anything you dike. Don't be angry. Stupid fellow, you won't, take a .-. joke I' Schlichten was, in regard to women, a great sceptic. 'Yes,' he said, 'they pray . everyday, 'OLord! donotleadusintotempta-; \- '!' tion ;' but add, in their thoughts, '.foryou see, if you do, we cannot help falling into it.1 ! Believp '. me,: the most devout are the worst. Shelwhp . runs her rosary off quickest is also the quickest : : at kissing. I toll you they are all witches, an^ '''if one remains true to you ;. it is only to; spite yoii. . ..Have you got a s'weetheat?. Look after 'her ; in, ' a word, do not trust anyl' He was/howev;er,_onlv ? wise in theory, for in practice he was as stupid as , therestofus. ' ' ;' r ' ? j When we arrived at my lodging, I fell on his ,: neck, and he wasquite frightened' on seeing that I cried like a child. ' 'Schlichten, I tell you I shall become mad 1' I said. 'It appears as if you had. become so already. But thatis no rea- . i son why we should not make ourselves comfort able. The time until nine shall be; sacrificed . to friendship, but then I am on duty; Frederick/ bring your master's dressing- gown-' and- his best ?'? ; pipe, and hot water. ' Donnerwetter l;where'are . the matches ? There— all right. Nowfireawayi : Stop a little. Frederick, bring me a pillow. ; All right now. Drive on !' . As I knew his mannerl ? Ms jokes did not hurt me, and I told him all I \- had experienced that afternoon. He was : so astonished, that his pipe went out;several times, ? which was a rare occurrence. 'Are you hot a happy dog,' he said, ' that you find such, a girl when yau have scarcely got your nbse^ into Mayence, and that you have a friend, who listens; vto your nonsense so patiently ?' .; i; However, I saw the thing did not appear quite straight to him. The 'affair went too fabulously fast, and he really believed that I had been taken , \- in by some experienced campaigner, and ithat, in '. my excitement and inexperience, I saw every thing couleur de rose. wSho is from Worms?' he asked. 'She must certainly be a. stranger here, for had she been a Mayence girl she would ' at least have cried, 'Iteresie dock uff zu rulia, ; 'SieJSkel.' I should, however, wonder if I did not know -her. Wedel has a sweetheart, in the: Palace; and she is acquainted with mine. Well, you do not know her name ? Theresa ?— for the moment. How the devil can I make , head and tail of your story ? The first sweetheart is always an angel. Please let me look at. her hair. Well — well, I do not want to eat it ! If she has much .' of it growing on her head, it must be nice.:) To , morrow you will see her again ?,- Well, dear ' boy, do not evaporate in sighs until then. ? 'If you have a particular desire to repeat yoursto^ old boy, go on, for my pipe is in excellent trim1. ? There, let's drink to her health !— and to' yp'ut health, too— for, by Jove, your brain is in danger,. though that would be no great loss:'- ??'? f | Thus he rattled on, until a quarter to nine, when he jumped up and dressed, to attend to .his duty. ' However,' he said, ' don't care for my talk— she may turn out a white sparrow, after-all ,— -and dream of her. Qood night!' When I ??'.'? ' was ; alone, I kissed her lock many hundred . .time3, and lived through that afternoon again 'and again in my thoughts. In order, not to in terrupt may narrative, I will tell here all I after awards heard of the life of Theresa. ?= ; . ?? ; (To be concluded in our next.) j 