MAZZINI ON THE VATICAN COUNCIL. The Fortnightly has the following : The world is athirst of God, of progress, and of unity, You substitute for God an idol, an infallible Pope. You oppose to progress the impotent, barren negations of your canons. You impedo unity by accepting-on condition that a fraction of the State be preserved to you by force-the dualism between the temporal and spiritual power, represented by the Papacy and monarchy. The hideous idolatry will be answered by God, the destroyer of all idols, past, present, and to come. Your wretched negations will be answered by humanity, which will look upon you, smile, and pass on. The dualism you perpetrate will be answered by the people-the sole power destined to increase- who are hourly acquiring that consciousness of their own strength, which alone is needful for their victory, The epoch of individuality is exhausted. The epoch of association has begun, and is destined -perhaps through the very Rome you desecrate and profane-to sweep away monarchy and the Papacy together. I remember vaguely, while I write, a short poem of Byron's called 'Darkness.' Amid the ruins of a world expiring in icy cold, two beings alone are left._ They also are doomed to perish, but they persist in struggling against tho ap- proaching dissolution. Groping amid the dark- ness, they reach the ashes of an expiring fire, and strive, with all the anguish of one who seeks to prolong existence, if only for a day; to revive it with their breath. When at last they succeed in raising a feeble flame they turn to gaze upon oach other, to discover, with rago mid terror, that they are enemies ! I know not what idea inspired 'those lines to Byron ; but my thoughts, as I recall them, turn involuntarily to you. The last, doomed repre; sentatives of a world from which all life is with- drawn, you, Papacy and monarchy, have sought to dominate humanity more surely by dividing it in twain. Conscious of your incapacity of re-uniting it -, and yet zealous in your impotent ambition of each othor, you have striven to found an impossible alliance between the powers you have disjoined, and from time to time have embraced each other upon the tomb of some once free and dreaded nation ; but hating and despising each other in your hearts, and seeking to injure each other so soon as freed from any imminent danger. Now groping onwards, solitary and auspicious, amid the darkness, and vainly seeking to re-kindlo the fire irrevocably consumed, you bond your dying gaze upon oach other in rage and fear. Descend into the tomb you have dug for your- selves. Had you loved, forefolt the future, and adored in time the Spirit of truth announced by Jesus in dying, you might have made of that tomb an altar. It is now too late. The Angel of Death will inscribe upon that tomb the con- demnation you have forgotten : " And whosoovor speakoth a word against tho Son of man, it shall bo forgiven him ; but who soever speakoth against tho Holy Ghost, it shall not bo forgiven him, neither in this world, noithor in the world tocóme." -Matt, xii, 32. JOSEPH MAZZINI. MAUAVIMA COCOA.-For wBi-iutyW.-Tho Globe says " Various importers ami manufacturers have attempted to attain a réputation for their propared Cocona, but we doubt whether any thorough success h'id hean achieved until Messrs. Taylor and Brother« discovered the extraordinary qualities of ' Maravilla' Cocoa. Adapting tlioir perfect system of prepara- tion to this finest of all apocios of the Theobroma, thoy have produced an articlewhioh supersedes every other Cocoa in the murkot. 'Entire solubility, a doliente aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest olomonU of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all othor. For homoeopath» and invalids wo could not recommend a more agreeable or valu- able boverage." Sold in paoketi only, by all Grocers, of whom' alao »nay be had Taylor Brothers' Original Hotnoaopathio Cocoa and Soluble Chocolaté. Steam , UilU-Brkk Lue, 11, Union. 