PROMINENT TOPICS. 'THROWING OFF THE IMPERIAL CON- NEXION. fie The state of feeling in the North Island of New Zealand at present veri- fies some remarks we made on the subject when commenting upon the difficulties and the cost of suppressing Maori disaffection. It seemed to us then that if the Imperial Government withdrew all support from the colonists in their hour of trial, the feeling favourable to a continuance of the British connexion would at least be very much weakened, and might really become unfriendly. A mere sentimental bond of union we expected the colonists would scout from a feeling of resentment, and we now learn from the later intelligence published in another column, that a sentiment, not friendly to the Imperial connexion, is taking a practical form. The colonists of the North Island, regarding the •withdrawal of the last detachment of the Imperial troops which remained in the colony as a virtual surrender of the island by the British Government, are numerously signing a petition praying the legislature to provide for the Governor's salary from Imperial funds and not from the Colonial Exchequer ; and it is further asked that only such a sum shall be placed on the estimates as will defray his Excellency's salary till he shall have had time to recieve advices from the home authorities. Neither the meaning nor the significance of this movement can be misunderstood. This is a pacific and courteous way of intimating that the British governor is not wanted any longer, and that his recall is demanded. We expected some such movement, as this, but we scarcely believed that we should so soon hear that a decisive step had been taken in the matter. The legislature may not be at liberty to comply with the prayer of the petition, without violating the Constitution ; but though the colonists may fail in their purpose in this instance, the decided action they have taken in the matter will force the Colonial Secretary from the undecided and unsatisfactory position to which he adheres with regard to the colonial policy of Great Britain. With such an illustration of the effects of his policy before him and the British people, it will be no longer possible for him to pursue his present course of conduct without clearly defining what position the colonies are to occupy in the Imperial system. It will be quite evident to him, that if for the risk which attends our connexion we are to have nothing but the empty honour of being nominally a part of the empire, that imaginary alliance will be disclaimed by all the colonies. ST. ANDREW'S SOCIETY. The Scotchmen in the colony are not so wholly North Britons in sentiment as to entirely forget the dis- tinct nationality of which they were proud in the days of their chivalry. They see no reason •why they should not have a St. Andrew's Association ; and since we are pleased that the Irishmen have a St. Patrick's Society, we cannot but admire the brotherly feeling by which our Scotch friends are actuated. And we are tempted, in anticipation of the result of their efforts, to congratulate them upon their success. For if they are not very warm in their attachments under ordinary circumstances, nor now-a-days very enthusiastic in their love of country when not inspired as their national poet was, they are at least good men of business, and so will manage their society to the best advantage of its members. Of this their present intentions afford an early proof, for the different societies throughout the colonies are to be established on a common basis, and all are to be affiliated under particular rules, common to all, which will obviate loss or inconvenience occasioned by change of residence. By this means the united societies will attain to considerable influence; that unity of principle and object which gives strength will be secured, and there will be both the will and the power to co-operate for any particular purpose. Under special circumstances, any single society will have the strength and resources of all the others at its back, and extraordinary facilities will exist for applying the machinery of the organisation to the promotion of purposes useful to Scotchmen at home as well as here in Victoria. And whilst the young St. Andrew's Societies are being organised on a wide and liberal basis, our old Irish societies are disconnected units unprepared for combined action, and with no useful definite purpose, for the attainment of which all are prepared to unite and systematically labour. But perhaps the matter may be thought worthy of further consideration than was given to it at the meetings held for the purpose, and which were so unsuccessfully closed. TITUS OATES-PARKES OF NEW SOUTH WALES. THE modem colonial Titus Oates has been tried by a jury, convicted, and fined, for a gross and infamous slander, perpetrated by him upon the character of a private citizen of New South Wales. Yes; the late Prime Minister, Henry Parkes, having "tried—not his 'prentice hand—in the manufacture of wholesale calumnies, wilful falsehoods, and concocted treasons, against a community, has been detected in his villany and punished. The punishment, to be sure, is in the currency of the Sydney Mint, and amounts to one hundred- sovereigns and costs. If Mr. Henry Parkes scrapes together this amount by his own industry, in an honest fashion, it is more than he has been able to do for many years. His friends at Kiama, or elsewhere, will be obliged to find the money, or else a place will know bis presence which he ought to have long since enjoyed, under care of the penal department- His own costs were economical, for his prime patrons, Sir Jemmy O'Brien Martin and a puissant lieutenant of volunteers, named Windeyer, defended the slanderer of public and private fame. It happens from the evidence before the Supreme Court, Sydney, that when Parkes was labouring to defame a large portion' of the colonists of New South Wales, he used the Leislative Assembly as a medium through which he could carry out his purpose of viliication against a gentleman who aided in ex- posing his infamy. The privileges of a mem- ber of Parliament might have protected the slanderer, but he was desirous of' conveying to the Imperial authorities at Downing street the full weight and measure of his important services as a kind of protector of Royalty and a general benefactor of the British constitution. Hence he has reprinted in pamphlet form, and transmitted through Lord Belmore, Governor of New South Wales, one of his great speeches, in which this particular slander was included, expecting, no doubt, the most liberal recognition of his invaluable worth. The gentleman who was defamed—Mr. D'Arcy Wentworth Lathrop Murray—wrote to the newspapers in the following language:— I leave these facts with Mr. Parkes to make the most of in bolstering up his broken-down charge of disloyalty against the colonists of New South Wales. Finally, I would say, that when I came forward, being impelled by a sense of moral duty to do so, to expose a conspiracy against an innocent stranger, I boldly attached my name to the statement I made, and put it before the public fearlessly ; unprotected by Legislative privileges, I now challenge Mr. Parkes to come forth from the shelter of privilege, beneath which he is so snugly ensconced, anil repeat outside the House of Assembly the calumnies he has dared to utter within its walls regarding me. And I promise him, if he has the manhood to do so, that if justice is to be found within the colony of New South Wales, he shall be made to pay dearly for the wicked, malicious, and aggravated falsehoods he has spoken regarding me. Parkes was not in the slightest abashed. He made no sign until the Supreme Court and a jury mulcted him in a fine of such an amount that, unless it be subscribed for him by Kiama ghosts or other spiritists, he can no more raise than another Popish Plot! Instead of getting the reward of a knighthood or even C. B. from Downing street, he has obtained nearer home a more appreciative attention; and we shall not be surprised to learn at some future date that the same court and jury are engaged in a still further consideration of his' merits. A penalty imposed upon Parkes' prototype, Titus Oates, was that during the term of his life he should every year place himself in some public pillory, and for five days expose himself therein to the attentions of the populace. We have no objection to the reappearance of that good oldfashioned implement, the pillory, in New South Wales, nor to see its wholesome and reformatory effects tried upon Parkes and company, although we have great doubts as to the curative process being attained. Parkes is too incorrigible. NATIONAL ANTIPATHY WE regret to observe that in the discussion of the Immi- gration Question in the New South Wales Legislative As sembly, certain prominent members gave utterance to unworthy and contemptible fears as to the greater increase of Irish colonists. Such dastardly ideas ought to be left in sole possession of the truculent and trafficking class of politicians who trade on the ignorant and foolish orders of the lower type of Britons. Two representative men of that stamp in the N.S.W. Legislature—Buchanan and Parkes— are enough in that particular line. When next the discussion arises, it is pleasant to know that the honorable and learned member for Argyle—Mr. Edward Butler—has promised to afford the public the full, fair, and free vent of his mind; and as no one better knows the characters and aims of the anti- Irish bigots, they will get the benefit of his knowledge. When the brains and the purses of the Irish were, available for Parkes, Buchanan, and Co., those enlightened Liberals were freedom's warmest supporters. Now their necessities are dire, they endeavour to sail on the tide of popular intolerance. It were sad, indeed, if any man of position and Intelligence in a Colonial Legislature were found to encourage such ebullitions of hatred against those who form so numerous and industrious a portion of their fellow-subjects. It were still more sad if those who are subject to such insults were'not thoroughly and effectually prepared to resent them. PRESIDENT GRANT'S MESSAGE. THE Irishmen in America are not very well pleased with President Grant's ad- dress, delivered at the open- ing of Congress on the 6th December; but why we can scarcely understand. A short, pithy address was expected, and he delivered a long, verbose one; but that could scarcely form a ground for complaint. A long, windy epistle, such as it is, comes strangely from a soldier who has been remarkable for the celerity of his movements, and the brevity of his words ; but perhaps, in the character of a statesman, General Grant saw the necessity of so using language as to disguise his intentions, and that, being unpractised in that art, his first attempt was unnecessarily laborious. But, however that may have been, the Republican party are disappointed with his utterance, and, as to the Irishmen belonging to it, they avow that they have lost all faith in Grant. Upon the question of the Alabama claims they probably expected a deliverance from which they might hope for a favourable "opportunity" for urging their mediation upon the British Government in favour of their countrymen at home; but the President upon that point was exceptionally brief in his remarks. He defends the rejection of the Treaty on the ground that it was a necessary step in the direction of a perfect and cordial friendship between the two countries, and adds:—"A sensitive people, conscious of their power, are more at ease under a great wrong wholly unatoned for, than under the restraint of a settlement that satisfied neither their sense of justice nor their grave sense of the grievance they had sustained." In his allusion to American commerce, which was nearly driven from the sea by the Alabama and other vessels of her class, he contents himself with recommpnding Congress to adopt measures which wouiJ repair the injuries inflicted upon it by " the war." These observation's respecting two matters upon which a large section of the Americans feel very sore indeed, have not given satisfaction, we imagine, to the Irish element. And certainly if President Grant has any decided views as to how the Alabama claims should be settled, he has taken good care to keep his opinions to himself. He has not afforded the most remote hint as to the offer that would be acceptable to his Administration. He does not say whether the great wrong wholly unatoned for is to so remain, chafing the American people, and creating ill-blood between them and their English cousins, or whether satisfaction is to be demanded on the principle of justice. His ambiguity and non-entities on this subject, together with his remarks respecting Cuba, have probably disappointed the Irish in America, for it was they who won Grant's election, and they gave him their support upon the tacit understanding that he would press for a settlement of the Alabama claims, and thus bring jibout that " opportunity " for their intervention in Irish affairs for which they are so ardently longing. Grant said, respecting the Cubans, that he sympathised with them, but that they were not yet entitled to recognition. This, in view of possible erentualities, was also, most likely, displeasing to the Irishmen of the States. However, the fact is as we state—the President's popularity is much damaged amongst all classes who desire that America should press for a settlement of the difficulties with England. 