TBIOUGIIT'ON VALIE, TIE monthly mooting of te Instlituto was hold on M~nday ovoning, tho 11lth inotant, in theo Publin sohoobhouso,-thllo prcdl. dout, Mr. ThoPmas 3o00o, in the chanir. Tho. moioutsa of lanst mooting woro read and oonfrmod, aftor whihob Miesra. Hugh Hanlohti nd John Jorrott, wore unnni. mbusly dlooted:moemborn of theo inatitto. The programmo for noxt mooting wans thlon nnnounobd, the 'doehbato' to bo on the quesotion--" ITn iidfifmtantin l ovidonoe a!ooo eufllioint to wurrnnt, conviotion in oepital oascan?" M r, Gorgo r Thompson to lead in the afllrmantive, and Mr. John Cook in the negative. The essay, post poned from theo present meeting, will be prepared by IMr. Alexander Robinsou. The select readings and recitations were tlen proceeded with-the memnbers beoing complimented on the taste displayed in the selection-and the president trusted that equal judgment would always be exoercised, in order to preserve the high moral tone of tihe proceedings. The proe sident notified that the next meeting will he theo annual eneral meeting for tihe election of president and oflicors. IHeo made a humourous appeal to the members as free arl independent olectors, to put tho right man in the right plaeo. lie reminded them of the annual subscription, and requested tho managing, .committee to meet on teo MInuday night previous to the annual meeting.-The question for doeiate was--" Is the theatre conducive to nationial morality ?" --3Ir.John M'Keacio opened in support of thre affirmative. IHe laid down the principle that no moral in. jury is attached to merely witnessing the reprosoenttions of historical charactors or evonts. It is one method of relaxation, affording rational amusement. Like 'any other mode of unbending the mind, it could be abused, and may be carried too far. But we lshould distinguish between legitimate rational amusement and son suous indulgence. Bearing this distino tion in mind, tho theatre was eapablo of representations conduoivo to high intellectual culture, and to national morality. Low subjects he dismissed as injurious. Ma'n is so constituted that evil will often attend his notiouse, but he can yet so bond his coursoe that an occasional relaxation of ithe mind will invigorate its power for good.. Writers for trhe stage have ad vaneced our literature, and in that class we shall meet with the finest writers,- thoe clearest'and mostrefined minds.: He concluded by.quoting a remark of tihe Roev. Dr. Watts on this question, coin oidingwihI hiis vinws.-- Mr. John Wilson argued ia favour of tire negativeo; arnd alluded to the attractions of theitheqtre, musio,. costume, scenery, tragedy, and comnedy. All that invites thire imagination is presented, though rmany good thiings are preserved in our modern stiag manngomouent. Mr. I'Kenzie had, ihe adiritted, made many just and pertinent remarlks; but he denied that thie general result was favourable to a natironalr in provermennt in mrorals. Referring to Slhakespearo as the leading authority of the modern theatre, he beautifully re. oitod some of his ehoico pieces, and gave the ghost seoone in "Haml't ;" but he argued. that even Shakosliore's .plays could not with propriety be road indrs oriminsaoely, espoecially by yonag ladies Iruubc less, thelon, should they be brought to witness their performance on trhe stage. Without pronouncirng tie theatre to be imlroral, ire held that it was hot conrducive to national morality IIo thon aIllutdd to MIr. Muacready, and rthe to. plinenute he had received for his advano. irg thioe theatro to a high morarl elevation -Lord Lytton paying Mr. Macroady tire ligihest enooiriumiia yet Lprd Lytton himself afterwards, in tihe judgment of a very acute critic, deioralisod the dramar in his "Ladly of l sjr" and another work. He (MIr. Wi'on) ranked mrcdern plays and novels in to same class :they were too Iighly sosatioal, and tire tendoeney was itijur us rather than bonefloiial to na.sfnal morality. Mr. William Boyd ?'nd MIr. John Clontlo inclined to favou tihe negativo.-Mr. \William Cook had pysonal oexporionce of tire theatre. He adtpred the soooery tire beauty.of thie la ies-and the arsnso mont of the play; nd hlid always got value for his money laughter); but irhe would reserve his opi oin on tie question for thie voto,--Mr. tdwin 0antlo lookedi tri the theatre sirmpl# as a mode of amuso mont-innooent in itself, and in this res poet oonducivo to publio morality. Tlihe writiings of Shakespearo had, ire oonsi dterod, a roiting tendency, and:cons0. quontly a bonefioialr moral effect. He rlefendoe'Bulweor Lytton-alluding to the " Lady ofLyones,"-and trhought tihe criticism in " Popular Opinion," referred to by Mc. Wilson, was too onustio and sevoro.,-~Misers. Georgae Thomipson and Thoman..aibry ooineided with thieoar.r gi'umonte in favour of tho nogativo.-Al. diirman Tindall argued strongly against rhiatrieal ontertainments He had bhadl personal experieneoo on this subjet, andl his testimony was advoerso,.-Mr, John Cook agrened with Mri. Tindall, and stated that only recently t had beeoon proposed in Victoria to not jsolomeities of tire Day of Judgmoet on the stago for tihe arrueornert of tiae oplie. This, hIe con. sidered, as porfooetl domoralising.-TlTho vice-president thIrntookl thire ohair.--lr. Thomas Boyo, 'teio president, proceeded to address thie moeting. Per'sorally, ihe kiocw nothing oftho thouatro-hro rhadl never witnessed fol acting of a piay, tad his opini0o oro formed in tihe exereise of hris on private judgment, Theloy were thie resilt, not of unronsoninig prejudice, or of prosesulo fronm ivithout. As such hire submitted lhort to the judg. moant of tle auidibnoo; end they reero nrot favourablo'e to tlheatrieal represents tions. . hadi dmitted the propriety of recroeation." . Tlhetone of thie intellect as well as thire strqlin on our physical powers required rlaxtitlidn.: But ] tl tiratre frorqueontly adiniittod allusions whrioh m:ore introsistent with strict propriety, suph as psroents would not permit withlin tihe family cirleo. Amusement could be ob. tainedl withooutS suohr risk ;--but ie orhld that tie thoiatr not tlie proper plreo. The reference b'l Mr. Ocoie to a liteo attempt at lellurno to dramatize tihe D)ay of Jridgmor , and to not it in a play; hio regardedl as u terly profeno, and only in keoping twir tire irroveronoo and aoopti., oism now so prevalent ilt many eIlutroreOl. lIe should not dirparage thire argments advano6er¶tfor ii qelrmantivo, e overytlilng grovelling edJw d boon repuildiatd, iut hI e6 ?gat modern theatrical mange no tId firhiorlow up thi repue diatio-.rnd thorofre, the danger to national mrality w'sasoffeted to reneiin, -T? o lendors ill thire debirto soverally roeplied, and wsrummed up. their pryois nvr n ments.-dlir. T edind?li, rerose ho offer explanation on a mnispprohension of one of his frgumcets, whliclh Mr. M'Kenzio lJi fallen into. Mlr. Wm. nryon o ected, oa the debate had now closed, Ind an oexplanation would be only opding tho question. The Prosident Iu?l in favour of Mr. Tilndnll, who inmdo t|o necessary expla nation ; after which a~ vote was taken : -For theo alirlatia , 8; for tho nega. tive, 9. The quejtion was doclared carricd in the negaivo by a mnjbrity of one -The next mnfeting-beingloth nln. nunl one, for the ileUction of president and officers--havin been announced for Monday, the 8thl Anust, "God davethe QOueon" was suug, .anutho proceedings closed. , ' 