DEATH OF! MR. 'RICHARD TATTER^ALL. -, V 1 Easing men of all ranks will regret to hear ■= that Mr. Eichard Tattersall died May 3, at his had hein ailirijg for a long time, but it was'hpt until abdnt'two months-Since thht anyu.erious misgivings were entertained by his, friends. .Mr. Eichard Tattersall (who was the/'senior partner of the Albert-gate rfirni, and great grandsoh: of " Old Tat," the'ifotinder of the world-renowned concern), had, says theSifting'JLife,taken the most prominent share' of the' pe.bli'c'busi hess of the firm for some time before his father's death, in the summer of-?58. Tee old man had been failing for-a^ few years,* and'forgot even quite familiar faces when he met themdn the yard at Hyde-park-corner, ; His' sou was, like him, very much -of the old school in his. ,'ways—not; :so,;.' d£mc©stratiye7a'hd salient in the sale pulpit,-hut endowed with a certain^rimj quiet humor;swhiQh7badih<}t./jC7 spice of "ill:nature/ in it.) You neverTsaw him thrown off' his guard. His neat chaff and re torts when things were going well at the"yeSr| T. ling sales at Hamptonpqur^ ,ancl elsewhere .were very pleasant to' heir, but 'when he' dropped,, on. to his old schoolfellow and intimate friend,-Mr? u H. Hill (who was always ready-with his answer),1 about Trumpeter or Ack.wOrth, it was/as gopdrp as a scene out of " Bo'i and Coxl" He enjoyeij ~ a race in his own way, not a little, thoughrhe did'not'care to run horses, and ho was always to; ^ be seen' in the betting- poo'ms at races m.the i. evening, but not dallying' much with the odds.'-? The way in which he incited Mr. Merry to make.rhymes about his'Derby chance^the- might he gave 900 guineas for the yearling Zambesi was. a very amusing Doncaster Eooms bit. At home he" seldom mis'sed a quiet game of .billiards of ah afternoon,•and the sea-side, Paris,*'and Baden Baden.saw a good, de.alof himfluring the.sum mer. '■ -He- began'- early as vice to'Ms 'father's annual Derby dinner~on the Monday,before , that race, and • when the old man retired he 1 carried .on: the cpstom-as long as he=felt his health equal to it.. ;Thei e was no pleasanter- ' hosJ;,:and when, .a pnbhc:dinner,<wffh Admiral-^ Eous in the chair, was given to him and his'o cousin 'Edmund .on. their . .removal to- Albert Gate ,no -part of his speech was more enjoyed -1 than ...his . .allusion to sthe old lease 'of " the 4' r Corner" as of "hundred years,'bah one."-Inn 1851 he . first showed symptoms of breaking down, and: bad some ,ffts during h '■ Conlinbtt tal tour. His father .started off to bring him borne, and for- some months he was a complete -invalid," and; was: wheeled about in a Bath chair up and down Sloane-street, looking the mere;: ghost f of" himself/ - H6 1 rallied, however,.in a wonderful ..way, bnt,still his father .couldheverpersuade himself, :that;his son would; hot, .outlive, hinp.. Has' health began to break'again'about 1866, ahd-Tiisfriends sadly feared that, '"as the late Professor/Wilson mournfully said of himself, he ""would die. from the top. " Ha suddenly-lost confidence whenhp. got jfip tcf 'sel^ andj liked to have bis cousin* close1 at h'and.'l. They_hardly.. thought - that| rhe vwould , have got ■ -i^hrough,- his Doncaster'-~worlr4n 1866^' the''first year'thatf a sale- field wa3 used, b'uthe' warmed up with the occasion, and presided, in, Ms good old style at one of the'two "rings" wMch' the firm ' was obliged ,to - adopt, that :^utumn. tr;/We believe* that"he'Tiever sold a lOt"after that week, but he would still,drive71iis, phaeton .down to Hamptofi Pourt 'or Middle-park," enjoy the bid dings.from that more comfortable coignpf,van tage, 'and have a chat, with' a' troOp" of'old friends. During the summer of last year he tbok a trip to Scotland," and/thought- he caught <r a cMll,~ and since then, with the exception " O'f ' for one or two carriage drives, he had not-left-, the house. The ultimate cause of his death s was -Eright's disease; He was in his 5?th-jyear,-/ -and.leaves.'a widow, but no children;*-''Jffr.'M Eichard Tattersall having'about' three-years sfgo retired" from active participation in-the business, Mr. Edmund Tattersall took" Mrr'5\:PMii into partnersMp, and these -gentlemen will- carry ron the firm.— ■Times.;:- ■ : _ r • rl T - ,; 01D : On Saturday afternoon, July 30, a foot ball match was played or the North Park Lands "between the Young Australians^•■and'^rfcTAflSjr" luderCHnbs; The Tortbmahs.astemhled'in force, having their whole team' of 16, whilst the Young Australians, had", great. difficulty in mustering ■ half - that number ;" however", with the aid of a. substitute or two the-game was commenced/ - The - Young Australians were captained by Mr. J." "C. Smith, and the — Portonians by Mr. J. TYald. After some smart £ play the Portonians succeeded'fir getting tlTe first goal;! which was "Meted by: Wald. OXhe Young Australians got one goal also; "which was kicked in fine style by-^W". Higgins. The grouhd=was .very- slippery,n and-the- fallsjwfclK? numerous. The game i concluded afi half-past o'clock, rnach side having got one goal; 7 The re turn match' will BS played at Port Adelaide atT" some future date. ( ■ >11' - 7. h i On Wednesday :evfening,;:<27€h-.Mktant, the? third'lecture of ?the'-series, on Huma#5^ Anatomy and Physf6l6^""waB deHve^d:hy Mri"'x E. C. Mifton to the evening 'classes-;connected^ with the Rxmdle-street Grammar School: supply of new material was thence" deduced, and 7 the consequent importance of beef and pudding' ;' ^ ^ ^ 1 -as the appropriate means of compensation-/ ,Allusion being made to v the fact that while most 'animals" are restrietedto one'Hnd of "diet, " man is enabled to draw Jus sustenance from-a great variety of sCurCes—a power arising partly?! from the structure. and "arrangement of the'1 — digestive organs, and. partly because by cooking he is able to reduce to a "nutritious condition, substances' lha't" would ^otherwise he altogether *■ indigestiblel(to .which .clrcUmstflhce it wasattri butable that man could live in so many different7 O regions upon the edible materials, found there, iwhicii were always best adapted for tie food - of the inhabitants),. -The lecturer went on. to say that food nfigKt tie reduced to three or four great!classes.11. Birst—those 'substances iff whiol*1:3 saccharine matter, or materials ' .capable!' ofoID being, converted into, saccharine matter, pre- -- ponderate. Second—.those _ in which , the- , ^ oleaginous principle' is the distinguishing eha- 8 ractprisMc; and third,, -those consisting • chiefly- i - of: albumen. In addition to these, certain in organic substances are also indispensable, in cluding lime, phosphorous, soda, potash, &c.;, common salt being the moat abundant. The oleaginous and' saccharine principles were de scribed as heat- producing, and the albuminous as flesh-forming substances—that life and health can only be sustained by a diet containing a proper proportion of all these groups, and that during starvation the respiratory function gradually consumes the combustible matter, and then acting on the blood, muscular and nervous tissues, death speedily ensueB. The lecturer having considered the materials by which life is supported, and the wear and tear of the body made good, the instrumentalities by whioh this is effected were passed in review. The salivary glands, the stomach, liver, pan creas, intestines, and other viscera were de-' scribed, together with the nature, and;- as far as was ascertained, the chemical action of the . secretions from these organs in reducing the food to a condition capable of being absorbed into and nourishing the various tissues of the system. The lecture was concluded by a few remarks upon that protean malady, indigestion— its frequent causes, and the means of prevention and care. -Communicated. 