I HONOLULU. A correspondent of the Melbourne Daily Telegraph writes :- ; On the arrival of the Wonga Wonga, the only steamer waiting to carry us on was the Idaho, belonging to the North Pacific Transportation Company, a small steamer, and of weak power, and already partly filled with passengers from the island. Many of the Australian passengers concluded to stop (myself amongst the timber) until the next steamer. Those passengers who went on, however, arrived safely in fourteen days and another steamer, the Ajax, larger, with capacity for some 200 first-class passengers has arrived, and is now waiting for the hourly expected City of Melbourne. - " I understand that permanent arrangements have been concluded with the N. P. T. Company, which' has the United States contract for a monthly mail to those islands, to supply a power ful steamer monthly to connect with the Australian line. The Ajax came down in nine days, and the company promise still hotter boats. I am, informed that the passengers, although crowded, were far more comfortable in the Idaho than the Wonga Wonga, the American arrangements being so far superior. Mr. Hall, the promoter, went right through, and has returned. He informs me that he has secured great advantages for the Australian passengers, particularly in a reduction of the fares on the train through, or as they call it here, " the cars." This reduction for all Australian " through" passengers, and by the host (mail) steam lines, will amount to no less than £15. Passengers can now be booked through from Sydney to Liverpool or Southampton, first-class throughout, for £70 10s., two months on the transit, and 250lb. of luggage to each passenger being allowed free. The Government of Honolulu and San Francisco have acted in the most praiseworthy manner, remitting all harbour, port, and luggage duties, and doing their very utmost to forward the interests of the new line and the comfort of the passengers. Some thirty or forty passengers go through to Australia from this 5 Miss Mary Gladstone, an actress of American reputation, amongst the number. Honolulu is in the island of Oahu, and is the seat of the government, and in possession of the best harbour in the islands. There is about 20ft. deep channel through the roof to the inner harbour, and good anchorage under the lee of the island outside ; there are pilots, lighthouses, Custom- house, etc The duties are heavy. You are aware, possibly, that this 11 little kingdom, with 11 big king, Ivamohauiolm V., and very likely the last of his dynasty, and about three queens, although the King is unmarried. The most interesting of the queens is H.M. Queen Emilia, widow of the late king, the younger brother of the present monarch. She is a simple, quiet lady doing much good and uni wor! sally respected,. ' During our stay the Parliament was opened by the King in person. He was escorted by the whole of his standing army consisting of about 150 horse and foot, native and foreign, the latter volunteers ; he was accompanied also by his band, consisting of one drummer and one fifer, and the drummer, in addition to the vigorous performance of his duties, found time, in the middle of a roll to use his drumstick to clout a boy on the head who got in the line of the procession, resuming his drumming as though nothing had happened. The King keeps a sorceress, who is said to have great influence over him, and a court jester and this latter official is found in the household of the Queen and of some of the princes. It is a strange fact the chiefs and " chiefosses" (so called) are of a larger race than the general run of natives. There is a full staff of ministers, principally whites, and the House is now in daily session, busied with the affairs of this extensive and really important kingdom. The proceedings are conducted in Hawaiian and English, the native rations being translated as they go along. There are several papers here the Gazette, the Ministerial paper; the Commercial Advertiser, representing the Opposition and the missionaries and a squib called Beames's Ottin, devoted to temperance principles, I believe. They each publish weekly. The Gazette of last Wednesday contained the estimates and much general information. I send you a copy. The map will show you that there are several islands, the largest being Hawaii or Owyhee, where there are one or two volcanoes in active eruption and all of them, except in the immediate vicinity of the lava flow, very fertile. The volcanoes are 13,000ft. high, covered, of course, at the tops with snow. The production of the islands are principally sugar and rice, each said to be the best of their kind ; puts, a kind of stuffing for couches, etc. ; coffee, cocoa nuts, and some arrowroot. The only market up to this time has been San Francisco, and it will be a perfect blessing to the islands if an Australian market is opened. The climate, which you might expect with such productions, is tempered by the trade winds, which blow across the island nearly all the year round. The thermometer rules about 70deg. or 80deg ; but notwithstanding these low figures the sun has great power, and with the moisture carried on the wind keeps one in a continual perspiration. I think that to strangers generally the climate would prove somewhat enervating. The " foreigners," as all others than Kanakas are called, form a little society amongst themselves, and with balls and parties, occasional men-of-war and now the monthly visitors by the steamers, manage to live a very jolly life. Pretty well everything can be got here ; there are flocks and herds, and plenty of fish in the harbour. Living is expensive, and everything dear, your constant consolation being that prices rule much higher in Frisco. The Kanakas live principally on a preparation of the taro root, known as " put," in appearance like dirty paste,, and which is eaten out of a calabash placed in the middle of the family circle each helping himself or herself with his or her fingers, and conveying the delicious but viscous substance into his or her mouth with one two, or three fingers, according to appetite ; raw fish and an occasional cooked dog forming the extra delicacies. This "poor" produces obesity, particularly amongst the females. Their dress is peculiar, and suited to this state of things-one loose robe over all. High and low, rich and poor, amongst the native females wear this, of the one shade ; but of all materials, from holland to satin, and of all colours, black and the very gayest being preferred. All are particularly fond of ornamenting themselves with flowers, of which there are many of gorgeous colours and rich perfumes. The natives are said to be dying off rapidly, it is said from the consequences of the vices of civilisation. The Americans muster in great force here. They have a minister and a consul. We Britishers are also supposed to have a consul, but I have never been able to see him yet. Fortunately, I wanted nothing. The Americans really form a sort of protectorate here, and on the decease of the present King they will, I have little doubt, " annex" the islands. The present King is, as I said, childless, and likely to remain so by all accounts, and there appears to be no direct heir, those matters being a little mixed here. The one thing which lowered my insular pride was the disagreeable fact that my carefully hoarded British sovereigns were only worth 19s. each, or 4dol."75c. This went to the root of all my traditions. I looked on the British sovereign and the British Constitution as being alike fixed and solid facts; but my confidence has been rudely shaken." Our crown pieces only pass for dollars, our half-crowns for half-dollars, but our shillings for quarters this last item, I am afraid, will soon be altered, and shillings refused. There is a banker here, Bishop and Co., corresponding with the Oriental Bank in London. There is an American club and an English club, but they, don't come up to our idea of clubs, their principal feature being; a billiard table, and another the absence of all drinks. I have not seen a drunken man here yet. The punishment is very severe, Odol. fine, to be worked out in the chain gang at 25c. per diem. One miserable Australian ecclesiastical importa- tion was sent to the chain gang for thirty-eight days-fancy a chain gang for thirty-eight days forsimplodrtinkonnoss; but'inhisinstanco, after he had recovered from his delirium in the hospital, some of his co-religionists paid his fine and released him. The horse is a great institution is Honolulu. Everybody keeps at least one. The natives are passionately fond of riding the Kanaka ladies as I said, invariably riding a straddle. They use Mexican saddles almost universally, with the loggerhead in front, many with wooden stirrups, and their spurs with towels two inches across. The horses are generally bad, not one in a hundred worth anything price, from 5dol. upwards. Our eminent tragedian, the great Walter Montgomery, left this by the Ethan Allan for San Francisco a fortnight since, taking his now equine favourite with him. He did very well with his readings, until some of his eccentricities popped out, when they fell off. He was, however, very popular, and amongst the best people notably with Queen Emma and her friends. He fully expects to be shot in San Francisco ; and in deed, it would not be surprising. Miss Cleveland stayed overland assisted by Mr. Leathc8,has been giving entertainments, duologue in costume, and has perhaps paid her expenses, but not much more. This night she has a command from the King, and is playing "Leah" and " Hamlet," Lea til eg playing Horatio, the Ghost, First Actor and First Gravedigger. The theatre is emphatically not much. The people here are usually kind and hospital bed, but there is a numerous class who when they happen on a stranger take him in naturally. It is a dear place, and Iago'sadvico to but money in thy purse" is especially sound with regard to this place. 'í With regard to lodgings, the people are be- stirring themselves to got a hotel built, but apartments are to be obtained at about Royal terrace prices. I have been exceptionally fortunate. The Chinese usually act as cooks, the Kanakasldoing the washing and other household work. Their wages are good, and they are very independent, frequently changing masters. With regard to Australian passengers, the contractor intends to make the connections very close, the stay here certainly not exceeding twelve hours j but when the inter-island steamer is running, it will be quite worth while to stay for a month, if only to visit the volcanoes, and take a lesson as to the formation of the earth's surface She is to be put on again in a month or two.- There are a few rides and drives in this island, notably, one ride to a precipice called "Hall," about six miles out; another to the cocoanut groves. The road up the valley is very pretty handsome villa residences on either side, rivulets running down each side of the road, and irrigated Holds. Irrigation is much used in grow- ing taro which is good, root and branch, either boiled and sliced, or pmuulod and fried in cakes, to any nothing of port and the leaves are used for spinach. In conclusion, There are mostly jottings, without any order or literary pretensions, and I have no time to revise ; but they are reliable. Honolulu, 21st May. R.E.L. The New York Herald states that Dr. Mary Walker has been advocating women's rights in Texas, Having occasion recently to travel by rail, she took her seat in the smoking car, and hot- first exploit was to twitch a cigar from a gentleman's lips and throw it out of the window. She next went in" for the pipe of on old Texan in the front of the car. doing of an un chivalrous disposition, he showed signs of 1'CBÍstnuco. The anti-tobacco champion was " knocked out of time, and the aged Texan finished his smoke in peace. Women should not do this kind of thing ; even Mr. Mill would tell them it was injudicious. A pelican, measuring no less than 9 feet 10 inches across the wings, was captured the other day in the vicinity of the Duck Ponds railway station,-Afeilwinw Paper. 