? SPECIAL SYNOPSIS FOR THE "NEWS;" 'TheGoverament ,of New Zealand are contemplating p, submarine gable from 'tliat polony to Sydney, \ • .'The Mercantile Bank flividend is 10 per cent. Tte assembling,of larliatneut has been postponed until 'the-27th. Even thisismatterofconjecture, • for no proclamation.lias yet been issued. ^ An old jnan named ^o^ Mulcahy h^s been killed in the Bathurst districi The jury found a verdict of vilfal murder against one Martin- 1 Long, ^yhose person been secured. ; A ghost, but not the " ghost, has been seen at Kiama. ItThad a head larger than a cow's, the ears were lpngertiian a man's arm, and the eyes, which were as big as a matfs fist', seemed to. turn upon a pivot, for thw were constantly in rapid motion; It'raced aroan who was on horseback but did-'atft overtakehiin. Anp^ier shocking murder, is reported from Queensland. ?nurderer,was.a Chinaman, engaged as a cook at .a sheep-^tjon, a^d his victim one pf the men iij the. samg employ. Mr. Church has. been returned from the Western Gold-Pields, beating Mr. Eagar by a c^^sidfrable majj^ity. The Intercolonial Osnference is closed. Epsolutions were agreed to Respecting the English Mail and telegraphic communication extending to New Zealand^ also, regarding commercial connection with foreign powers. The details are kept private until approved by t\e various Colonial Cabinets and Legislatures. The Fitzroy iron Mines and plaijt were sold for •£10,006.. " ' " The '' Jllawayra Mercury u reports a very serious coach acgident on the road between Wollongaag and Campbelltown, o.^ring fej'jhe horses haying shied jandholted down a very dangerous lull. £ lady jassenge^ and the coachman were severely hurt- The cqach at Tarcutta wa,s upset ,1;lie other day in crossing tl\e Six Mile Creek, and two horses were downed. The .driver and a passenger narrowly escaped. James Sutor, an old resident of Tass, attempted to,commit suicide on Thursday, the 6th inst., by cutting his throat with a razor, fle had not been drinking, but his master had called him lazy, Itis^stated that Mr. Farkes has abandoned bis intention to bring forward resolutions .expressive of a lack of confidence in the Ministry. He would now have 450 hope of carrying such resolutions. The mail from Armidale to Inverell was robbed last^aturday. -Thunderbolt is ^charged with the offence. The Squadron Regatta Hobart Town was a great sucqjss ; 12,000 persons were present. The Governor officially visited the Admiral, when the usual salutes were fired. A large party was entertained on board H.M.S. Liverpool. An Ikmgsast Virgin.—The Shasta Courier relates the following :—We heard a joke 011 .a resident of Dog Creek the other day. The party refeiTed to is a bachelor, and lives on the wagon road. A few days agp .111 ejmigiant wagon from Oregon came alpiig and camped neai - our friend's place. The head of the family soon made himself acquainted with the profirietpi \- of the premises, ana asked him why ho didn't have a woman to ieep the house for him. The answer was that h<^ intended to marry just as spoil as he jcould find a woman willing to enter .into the bonds pf matrimony. Tbe Oregcnian remarked that he ppnld find him a partner if be would take her. The bachelor said that was right into bis hand, and the. omigrant invited him to his camp. The Oregoiiian coiled up a .bouncing damsel of about 20 years, and informed her that the gentleman accompanying liim was ' on the ninny,' and willing to take her for better oj- worse, Tljedanjseldelightcd with the prospect, advanced, and seising par friend by the hand, told him that she was glad to see him, and was ready tp marry him at the ' drop of a hat,' while the old lady hastened up to congratulate her • darter' 011 her good luck, Sur.r prised and alarmed attheserious turn matters had taken, our friend, who is constitutionally opposed to the institution of matrimony, endear vored to explain by saying ,thu$ he was only joking, and aid nof want ,to inaij-y. At .this .the "Oregpnian became indignant, and the wquld-be bride requested her father to take his rifle and ' drap the varmint in bis tracks.' At this affectionate suggestion the bachelor left for his fortifications, the -last thing he heard being the voice of the pld lady oonsoling her ' darter' with the remark th^t it .was best ,to ' Jet the bilk go" Saucing lcust be a decidedly jolly business in Louisville, Kentucky, for the papers say that " 110 less than five persons have been shot or cut at balls in that city within .the previous few days"—all, 110 doubt, is going as merrily in these saloons of pleasure as al'uneral boll. The E-vowsb Peuesteiaxs.—According to the Australasian, the presence of the English foot racers iu Melbourne renders tl/c subject ot pedestrianisra one of unusual prominence among the other recreations of lhe r day. In reply to a -challenge from Harris, there is an pfler fro.111 Frank Hewitt, champion ofFngland, to run hiin 150 yards, 200 yards, 300 yards, 440 yards, and 880 yards, fp;r£10(}a-side each event, the races to extend <?ver two days, and (o come off within two months 011 the Melbourne Cricket Ground. A. deposit of £30 for each event j[or £100in all) has btcnnjadeasanearnestofHewilt's good faith. Topley, the champion walker of the world, is prepared to accept the challpnce of Mr. J. J. Miller, after he has made good the larger part .of his present engagements in Victoria and the .other colonics, lie undertakes to wait twenty-one niile.s in three hours, for £200 a-sjde, a feat said to have never been perfornjed before by any one but himself and Westall. BAnii^nojjs Assault on 4 "Win;.—In a notice headed a " Nice Husband" the Burrangong Argiui relates the fojlowing case of brutality:— " A. man last week made lijs wife—who is the mother of three children—go with a horse and dray and fetch two loads of wpod and a cask pf water from the bush, and afterwards because tea was not ready ho knocked her down and beat her before a lot of men. This unmanly act was subsequently thrown 111 bis teeth, and, as a kind of revenge, he returned home dr.unk at 2 o'clock in the morning, dragged his wife out of jied and beat ber with a dog chain. She ran tlirpugb the bush in her night dress to a friend's hpuse a quarter ef a mile away, who returned with her to her own homo, ana remained there while she went four miles v/ithput times and blockings for a cart to rernpve herself und children, which having obtained, she wenttotbcrcsidonccofhcr relations who did all in their power to persuade her not to again join her husband, which, however, wo uudert'tand she has since done. The mails have again been stuck up aniirobbed about 50 miles from Tamworth. Both jioU.'«.awd cheques were taken.J I 