Queen Elizabeth and her Defenders. REVIEW. HISTORY OP ENGLAND FROST THE FALL OF "WOLSEY TO THE DEFEAT OF THE SPANISH ARMADA. By James Anthony Froudo, M.A. Reign of Elizabeth. Vols, ö and G. London : Longmans and Oo. 1870. THERE is great gratification in store for those who take an interest in the voxod questions regarding the oharaoter and motives of Queen Elizabeth and her royal victim, the unfortunate Mary Stuart. From the perusal of Mr. Froude'snow volume, " The Reign of Elizabeth" most readers, will, wo feel assured, rise with tho conviction that they had never before been placed in a position to rightly understand tho subject. Mr. Froudo has not only put a fresh com plexion on old facts, but ho has brought many most important mattors before tho public for tho firB* timo: The Times, in an elaborate roview of tho work says : Mr. Froudo's history of the reign of Queon Elizabeth, and Mr. Hosack's Mary and her Acousers, form so oppo site an illustration of tho old allegory of the knights who saw the gold and silver shield, that it is impossible not to notice the coincidence. In tho Ufo of tho famous Herbert of Bemerton, brother of Lord Herbert of Oher bury, it is said, in excuso for the vory_ rapid passion of tho pious maiden who became his wife after a three days' acquaintance, that she had heard and thought so much of her husband before she met him "in the flesh," and approved so thoroughly of all he did aud wroto, " that Jane became so much of a platonic, aa to love Mr. Herbert unseeon." This Psyche sort of love is not confined to the weaker sex, nor does it vanish under tho betraying lamp of eorutiny. Enamoured of his' ideal, Mr. Froudo has consumed muoh wasted oil and learning in examining the character of Elizabeth as effeoting tho events of her reicm ; and though he asserts, and, indeed, goos far to prove, that sho had nearly every defect possible, either to her own or tho opposito sex, Iiis resume of tho crowned virago's quali ties resembles nothing so much as the old English ditty in which tho swain declares, at tho end of a long list of his mistress's discouraging errors, that, neverthe less, "Phillis is his only joy." Tho timo is happily gone by when the actions and liassions of Royal person ages were supposed to be too sacred for criticism, and the touch of Royal fingers was deemed a cure for Borofula Tho once daring and doubtful adage that " a cat may look at a Iring," is accepted as a truth in this our day, and not only do wo assert our privilege to watch tho present u in tho hot light, that beats upon a throne," but our groat writcrs,like literary policemen, are continually flashing a biuTs-eye lantern on the past, making compulsory discoveries of tho most astound ing nature in tho llocord-office, and upsotting all our painfully acquired notions of tho rulers and the ruled. c The days, are over when Bacon (dofonding patents) called Elizabeth (even as Raphaol called tho Fornarinn "miei occlii ") " Her Majesty, whose eyes are the candles of our good days " when Mr. Secretary Ceoil bitterly complained in Parliament that the members were not "secret among themselves," affirmed tbat "whatso ever was subject to public exposition could not be good," and marvelled that "Parliament matters were openly talked of in the streets," for that he had hoard words to that effeot " spoken aloud, he being in his coach," to all which he appended a hope that such publicity was not through the indiscretion of any mem ber of the House ; " fpr the world is apt to slander, most especially the Ministers of Government." Those days of seoresy and of browbeating aro ended. But thore still remains among careless readers of tradi tionary glory, emanating from thoso particular " can dios of good days," tho Queen's eyes. Our boyhood and youth aro passed in gleaning phrases which our manhood scarcely rejects as inapplicable. Tho glorious days of Queen Boss, tho Golden Ago of England, tho Virgin Queen, and the Spanish Armada are sounds of triumph in our brains, with about as much distinct meaning as tho popular cry of " Hip, hip, hurrah ! " in an excited mob. "We know now that whatever tho remarkable events of that remarkable reign may have been, the ruler for the time was principally welcome as the Protestant successor of Bloody Queen Mary; that, although the sum of her murders and torturings of Roman Catholics scarcely equalled, except in Ireland, the rival hst of murdered Protestants in her half-sister's reign, the same system was pursued, the same cruelties practised, the same bitter compul sion attempted over tho intangible freedom of belief, excused only by an attempt to prove that all variation of creed involved political rebellion as its necessary and inevitable result. We know that this Protestant Ruler had no fixed religion,-nor cared for religion, except inasmuch as it affected her sovereignty j that this Virgin Queon of Shakespeare's flattery was, as described in Mr. Motley's " History of tho Netherlands," "a Queen who, to loose morals, imperious disposition, and violent temper, united as inordinate a personal vanity as ever was vouchsafed to woman." We know that this " glorious Queen Bess," after a life of mean hypocrisy, grasping avarice, and gross ingratitude to every friend and every Minister, by whoso love or loyalty sho had profited, mado a murnur ing, timorous, struggling, and ignoble end, oppressed by hypochondriac fancies and deserved remorse. We know that while her imprisoned and worn-out rival, Mary of Scotland, mot death with the dignity of a monarch and tho prayers of a christian, (whatever may have been the doctrinal errors of her faith), this free English Queen met death as a Dubarry, who could not escape God's sentence of execution. While bodily strength lasted, swearing, scolding, striking her maids of honour, obstinately refusing medicine, growling at tho friends, who, in Bohun's language, " did all they could to console and idease her," and, when bodily strength had failed, sitting for days together on cush ions on the floor, with her finger in her mouth and her eyes bent on tho ground, till sho died, and was buried buried at an expense of £17,428 ; and her ransacked wardrobe (afterwards givon by King James to a needy Scotch laird) attested her f eminino love of finery by countloss sets of jewels and upwards of two thousand different dresses. But still, say hor defenders, it was Britian's golden age. Consider tho eminent men-the poets, the writers, the discoverers, the heroes of that day. They swarmed, they multiplied, they shone as a galaxy of stars in the sky ! Certainly thoy did, but the curious question ia how that can be set to the merit of Eu'zabeth. As well credit Pope leo X. with the birth of remarkable artists and men of learning in his timo ; or credit even the cruel, child- slaying Herod with the teaching of that mild message of peace and good-will to men which first shone in Sis evil day, never to set again while this troubled world shall endure. "But she encouraged and fostered" (that is the word) "fostered learning, and knew how to chooso wise Ministers and keep them in power." Assuredly. No one ovor[diBputed the shrewdness of Elizabeth-shrewd ness, the most servile of all the varying species of human intelligence ; the first romovo above instinct. Sho was shrewd and shrewish. In Proude's own words. " She never choose a straight course when a crooked one was open to her." Nature intended her for a Mrs: Masham, a Court favourite ; but destiny crowned her a Queen ; and from that pedestal she looked down and saw what men she could make useful as Ministers, what men she could tempt and flatter into lovers, whom she could slay, whom she must appease, and whom she coidd defy with impunity. The Due d'Aumale, in his opening to the "|Lives of the Princes of Conde," after affirming that " le 16 ¿erne siècle des grands caracteres, comme Vage suivant cst celui des beaux génies," observes that although history[cannot be ruled by formulas and strict definitions of that sort, yet, if we compare tho period that extends from tho accession of Francis I and Charles V. to tho end of the Thirty Years'War with the reign of Louis XIV., we shall be struck by the wonderful diif erence of the emi nent men of these two 'epochs. But, except in tho possibility of leisuro which peace may afford, or the certainty of social disturbance which Avar must bring, eminent men of any reign can depend but little on the accident of who is their nominal ruler. From time to time .on the intellectual spirit of this world, as on its material surface, bursts of sunshine smile forth; lightfrom minds which are " in advance of their ag«." Such men neither come at our call, nor stay for our strong desire, nor drop mantles of prophetic glory for cager inheritors when thoir light goes out in death. Shakespeare, and Spenser, and " rare Ben Johnson," the adventurous and piratical Drake, and tho courtly Raleigh, -wise Walsing ham, and the wiser Cecil, and a host of others owed nothing of their natural claims to distinction to Eliza beth, though she owed much to them, in the splendour tiley cast over hor reign. She found them in her Eng land, and she took them, as she took all things she could grasp for her own advantage; for the "Great Queen" was the incarnation of selfishness. Her wilfulness at times and her irresolution at others, of which Froudo givos so many glaring instances, all proceeded from that source. When once any human being sets aside tho great rules of what is rifjht or wrong, just or unjust, for tho small rule of what will " answer," tho compass that should guide, bife is lost. Sho stood out when she thought it would answer, and she gave in, when she thought it would answer. Thore is no trace of a strong principio in any action of I her long sovereignty. Even the instances of her supposed willingness to obligo " her loving subject " can bo traced to this ono defect. Queen de facto, and affeotine; a security in her title which sho never really felt, she was in truth making a perpetual canvass among lier quondam electors Tho offence she gave by rewarding unworthy favourites and needy peti tioners, by granting patonts and monopolies, no sooner rose to such an height as alarmed her, than sho expressed entire willingness to sweep them all away. Cecil's speech on the occosion, as reported in Towns hend's collection, is remarkable for its apparent abandon, and a gay and jaunty tone which may remind its rendors of a deceased and lamented statesman who enjoyed the largest popularity of any Minister in England. Tho case with which Elizabeth's English subjeots would vote money for tho thrifty Queen (thrifty princi pally, if not solely, when she should have been liberal, may bo seen in another debate speeeh of Cecil's on the) occasion of raising a subsidy for war with Spain. "It had been said by a member of this Houso (Sir Franois Hastings) that ha know some poor people pawn their pots and pans to pay tho subsidy. . . This I know that neither pots nor pans nor dish nor spoon should be spared when danger is at our elbows." And on Sir "Walter Ealeigh hotly saying that he thought it had policy to let the enemy know of our selling pots and pans to pay subsidies, "as arguing poverty in the State," tho Minister, after shrewdly hinting that tho Queen would not dissolve Parliament till the matter was arranged, spoke as follows : "For that which I said, touching tho Spaniards knowing of the salo of our pots and pans, willoh should by a matter of po Icy to which tho gentleman on my left hand (Sir "Walter Haloigh) took exceptions, I say lt's truo, and yet I am mis taken. For I say it's good tho Spaniard should know how willing wo aro to sell our pots and pans, and all wo have, to keep him ont. Yet I do not say it is good he should know we do sell them; that is. I would have him know our willing ness to sell (though there bo no need), but not of our poverty of selling or of any necessity wo have to sell thom, which I think none will do, neither shall need to do." Then stood up a most loyal and enthusiastic gentle man, ono Serjeant Heale, and made a speech, say ing : "Mr. Speaker, I do marvail much, that tho House will stand upon granting of a subsidy, or tho time of payment, when all wo havo is Her Majesty's : and sho may lawfully, at her pleasure, take it from us. Yea, she has as much right to all our lands or goods as to any revonuo of her Crown. At which the House hummed and laughed, and talked. Well, (quoth Serjeant Heale), all your humming shall not put mo out of countenance. The speaker interfering to preserve order, the said Serjeant proceeded, and when ho had spoken a little wliilo tho House hummed again, and he sat down." But, hum and laugh as they might, there was never a time in England when Monarchical Government approached so nearly to the exercise of despotic power as in tho reign of the Throned vestal, who declared that in her realm " there should be but ono mistress and no master." Por all Elizabeth's defects Mr. Proude has, as wo have remarked, unbounded, plenary indulgence. Bless ings, absolution, and (if we may be permitted to say so) Jesuitical excuses accompany the narration of every evil act or falso position in her reign. He admits that she was violent, vain, deceitful, selfish, jealous, intoleront, arbitrary, and ungrateful ; but he says she j was, nevertheless, a great Queen. And he lays down one rather startling jiroposition in explanation of that opinion,-namely, that she " acted as a woman " : "If she was often insincero, often dishonest, often mean, her object was at worst moderately good, and frequently supremely wise ; and the details of her. manouvres may bo half pardoned for tho general rcctltudo of her purpose. She acted as a woman. Sho broke faith as man could never have dono without compromising for over, and irredeemably, his character for honour and truth. It is impossible to feel equal resentment at the worst actions of Elizabeth. The circum stances of her situation, her sex, and the temper that was born with her, bespeak forbearance, which it is just, if it bo diflicult, to extend towards her." She would have made, in short, a baso and most pernicious king, but, being a woman, wo cannot wonder at her short-comings in all the nobler qualities of heart or head. Are thero no ghosts of excellent and heroic women to protest against a sentence more bitter than anything Knox ever thundered forth in scorn of female sovereignty? It should indeed, bo consolatory to the sex, whose unwise and exaggerated claims for equality are at present the theme of daily ridicule, to know how little is expected of them. And it must be com forting to royalladies to be assured that such defects do not dimmish admiring loyalty. But wo deny the truth of the proposition in both ita aspects. There» is no reason a woman should not have the mental courage and honesty of a man, and our chief objection to Eliza beth is, that she is not womanly. We do not mean in the minor points of description with which Mr. Froude's present instalment of¿hi«tory opens : *' She rode, shot, jested, and drank beer; spat and swore, upon occasions : swore, not like a comfltmakers wife, but round, mouth-Hlllng oaths which wouldhave satisfied Hotspur, -the human character showing always through tho Boyal robes, yet with the queenly dignity never so impaired that liberties could be ventured in return." We are willing to believe that the same age which witnessed the creation of Shakespeare's etherial fancies, his gentle Desdemona and spirited Beatrice, his play ful Rosalind' and sweet Cordelia, with the low voice which her kingly father pronounced to be such an "excellent thing in woman;" Spenser's pure dreams of loveliness, and all the refined poetry of the times co-existed with such a social state of semi-barbarism that a Queen's manners might be those of the " Grand Duchess of Gerolstein," as represented by Madame Sohneider, without detracting from her dignity. But we cannot admit that the ruler acted only "as a woman " who sent men to the rack, to be tortured, torn to pieces, and disembowelled ; who read of the wholesale slaughter of women and their babes, the blind, the aged, and idiots, during the straggle in Ireland, with perfect indifference and|composure; whose reverence for the religion she professedly upheld was shown in making Dr. Dee, the quack astrologer, Chan cellor of St. Paul's, and giving him two church livings ; in telling tho Bishop of Ely she would " unfrock him by God," if he would not surrender a coveted estate to dancing Sir Christopher Hatton ; in swearing such horrible oaths that the French Ambassador " shuddered to hear her," and her own Minister poevishly wished sho would " trust less to fortune, and moro to God Almighty,"-in tho same spirit that made Drummond, the historian of Scotland, write to a doubting and superstitious friend-"Trust in the First Cause, God Almighty, and scorn vain prediction !" "We cannot admit that she acted only "as a woman" in being false alike to men and nations-to Ireland, to France, to Spain, to the Netherlands, to Scotland, and to the best friends and Ministers she had in her own subject realm ; nor that a Queen can be termed "great" of whom the French Ambassador truly declared that years of experi ence had taught him Elizabeth would promise anything, and yet bo utterly indifferent to the performance of what she promised ; that if she intended to continue her tricks, ho would not act or writo, she must " uso paper and ink of her own." "We cannot call her "great "of whom the Spanish Ambassador declared ho was "sick of her wheedling gipsy ways," and tho Eng lish Minister that thero was a moan of indignation at the countless instances of her broken faith-a Queen who cheated and grasped, and drove hard bargains, " sold up " her old lover Leicester's goods when he died, to repay herself money which she affirmed she had lent Mm ; loathed his wife and spited her, though she would not marry the Earl herself ; and sat crowned at a New Year festival in a coronet of jewels which she knew was part of tho booty of Drake, proceeds of a thoroughly swindling transaction, directed and arrangod by her self, respecting the cargo ho had brought home. How will Mr. Froudo, notwithstanding the fervid eloquence of partisanship, of which ho is so potent a master, reconcile his own deliberate expression that she was to be " credited with a general rectitude of purpose," and the scornful epitaph he afterwards applies with refer ence to tho same Queen, " that stained rag she caUod her honour." Neither can wo accept another axiom from this vehe ment defender of the Protestant Rulor, or forbear to hope that our wives and daughters will by no means receive it as a gospel message,-namely, that Elizabeth was "too clever to be simplo and straightforward;" leading to tho following very startling and as it appears to us, most illogical conclusion : " How sho worked in detail, how uncertain, haw vacillating, how falso and unscrupulous sho could bo whon occasion tempted, has appeared alroady, and will appear moro and moro, but nor object in itself was oxcellent, and thoso who pursue high purposes, through orooked ways deserve Dottel of mankind, on the whole, than thoso who pick their way In blameless inanity, and if innocent of ill, are equally innocent of good." As we had always immagined tho absolute rule to bo that we should not do evilthau good may come. At the rate of opposite reasoning adapted by Mr. Froude, even the private assassination of Mary, the captive Queen of Scots, might be held excusablo . and, indeed, it would seem that such is his opinion' for, after telling us the circumstances which followed the bringing for Elizabeth's signature the warrant to execute that hapless rival, and recording the dim dreadful hint, afterwards made horribly clear, that Sir Amyas Paulet and Drury might have made the warrant unnecessary, one moro of the startling propositions with which Mr. Proude's work abounds meets the amazed eye of the reader : "Tho situation was perfectly intelligible. Elizabeth's con duct was not noble, but it was natural and pardonable. Tho welfare of tho country required an act of severity which she would horsolf havo gladly dispensed with. The world, if she commanded it herself, would reproach her with per sonal vindictiveness, and she shrunk from encountering a charge which sho knew to bo unjust." "Elizabeth's conduct was not noble, but it was natural and pardonable ! " Is it possible to accept records of past times from a hand, howevor masterly and experienced, which can deliberately set down such an opinion? The one- sidedness of Mr. Froude's view of all historical events, the passion and the prejudice, the scorn and the fervid approval, the picturesque descriptions and fierce denunciations, give a charm to his writings which is unequalled in its effect on tho reader. But the fault of this burst of forensic eloquence this glorious effort at special pleading, is that it is not spoken at the bar but on the bench. A historian is bound to collect and sift evidence with what calm impartially the weakness of human nature wil1 permit. Mr. Froudo has done much, but this he cannot do, and what the French General affirmed of our charge at Balaklava, " C'est magnifique mais cc n'est x>as la guerre," may be applied with a slight variation to tho work ho has given us. It is magnificent writing, but it is not history. He says well and truly-and he says it with a spasm of impatient regret-that ' ' English history will continue probably to the end of time to represent the treatment of Mary Stuart, which, if it erred at all, erred from tho beginning on the sido of leniency and weakness, as the one indelible stain on tho reputation of the great Queen." It is tho one indelible stain on the reputation of that Queen ! It would be easy to take up the special pleading on the other side, to take Mary's alleged crimes, to dispute them, to remind him that of the famous "casket letters" nothing was evor proved genuine but the casket itself ; no address, name, date, or seal being set to any one of them ; that Damley's mother acquitted Mary of knowledge of her son's murder ; that poor Kizzio, the little sallow Italian described by the French Ambassador as " laid, monte, et malplaisant, " was not believed by Mary to bo stain ns her lover, but as a political foe, and was probably welcome to her, as Bonsard was welcome in the house of her father, whore he held much the same position. No one accused Mary of being enamoured of Bonsard. He is always spoken of as if he were a graybearded Merlin. Yet he was only seventeen years her senior, a very handsome and stately person. The David of our feminine Saul was precious to her. His music had in it the echo of those "good old days" which the late king of the Belgians oncefeniilingly said meant "thc good young days"-days when Mary had not yet come to dweU among savage and turbulent foes ; nor can we doubt that many a woman may yearo for a friend who is too disenchanted and unhappy to d aught but repulse a lover. Her marriage with Both well is the crowning accusation against her. But Mr. Hossack and a host of other commentators con sider her abduction by that iron soldier to have been real. She had once resolutely exiled him. She had loved Darnley. The French Ambassador described tho honeymoon of that luckless marriage, those summer days of July,-warm as Mary's passion and fair as the husband's effeminate beauty. They had a blood-red sunset, and no recurring dawn ! Eizzio murdered, Darnley murdered, the rebel Lords returned,--who shall say how much of terror, despair, and wild reliance cast her in the shipwreck of her life on Bothwell's sterner nature for protection, and earned him that bitter gratitude expressed in the poet's line, Amid the faithless faithful only thou I llO BB CONTINUED.] An addition is shortly to be made to the current literature of Victoria. Mr. J. G. Knight, O.E., whose name is associated with the progress of colonial indus tries, has arranged to bring out the Scientific Australian, a monthly journal of industry and instraoj tion, specially devoted to those engaged in scientific, artistic, and industrial pursuits, and the promotion of technical education amongst operative classes. Mr. Knight has associated with 1dm a council of twenty four contributors, all of whom are gentlemen of recog nised ability in their respectivo professions and avocations. Withfthe co-operation of such a powerful body, the journal in question ought to aohieve a decided success. Tho first number is to appear on tho 1st of June. A COLOURED lawyer in South Carolina having horse whipped a white member of the State Government for insulting his wife, the Legislature appointed an investi gating committee. Tho committee report that " the flogging was thoroughly and handsomely done." A PREFERENCE.-At a party given by a great banker a lady wit pointed out to her companion, also a banker the wife of tho host, romarking : " What a splendid creature. She ought to be a countess!"-"Oh, yes beautiful enough and clever enough, " was tho reply '.butperhaps she prefers to bo a dis-countess." MR. BROUGHAM (afterwards Lord Brougham) was junior with Mr.-, a leading counsel of the day, in a cause célèbre. The leader had been addressing tho oourt for several hours, when it was apparent that his mind had suddenly ceased to act in unison with Ms speech. He became flurried, stammered, and began to plunge. Brougham saw what had happened, and instantly rose, interrupted his chiof, and addressed the court._ Wearing upon his face an oxpressiou of great suffering, he assured them lordships of his deep regret at having to troublo them at such a timo with a matter personal to himself. He was suro their lordships would forgive him if they only know tho agony he was then enduring in his right ear by reason of tho killing draught that rushed through "that door leading into tho Common Picas.' Ho was nearly mad with ear« acho. Might ho, in tho interests of his clients, entreat the interposition of the court ? The bench condoled i with Mr. Brougham on his sufferings, and at once ordered measures to bo takon tc stop the draught. " The door leading finto tho outer court" was shut, but still tho draught carno ; windows wore examined, and sand-bags wero placed against the openings in thom till tho nuisance was abated-till a good quarter of an hour had been consumed, till Mr. Brougham's leader had had timoto recover himself. It is needless to add that tho "intelligent junior" had not an nohe or pain in all kis|great body. 