TBE LAST THING OUT IN AMERICAN SECTARIANISM. G&E;&.T religious excitement exists in Macopia, twelve miles from Paterson. A new religious society, called " Jehova's Band" has been started supplanting a favourite station of the Methodist Church. The Methodists sent their best preachers to combat the heresy, but they are repudiated. Each in turn is forced to leave. The peculiar form of worship de velopes itself in puffing, blowing, whist- ing to the floor, md rolling over and kicking. Both women and men engage in the exercises. Baptism is by immer- sion in the village mill-pond at the dead hoar of night. On Suud&y;, they hold continuous service, and take a recess for meale only, refusing to read a news- paper, or even to receive a letter on that day. Every Thursday evening they held their meeting in the school-house, until a difficulty about the candles used led them to leave it, and now they meet in any house in the neighbourhood where the spirit manifesta itself shouting, jumping, wrestling, fall John Rhinesmith, a wealthy and well to-do farmer of the neighbourhood, is the chief man of the band, and recently had his house re built especially to accommodate the brethren ; one room resting on strong beams, it stands the jumping; but about a month ago an ardent member, tn a paroxysm of fanaticism, declared that when filled by the Holy Ghost he felt as light as air, and even though they jumped upon a looking-glass they would not so much as bruise it with a scratch ; whereupon he bogan to leap upon tho stove-hearth and broke it off, and then leaping on the top broke in tho frail covers, and finally smashed a big rocking-chair before he subsided. Recently Rhinesmith baptized dilbert B. Speaker, a man of family and a con- vert to the new faith, the baptism taking place in Kliinesmitli's mill-pond, before tho members of the band amid shouts and cries, the whole gnng at one time shouted " fire," to the alarm of others in the neighbourhood, it being then after midnight. One of the batid told a reporter that as he waB at work in his barn he got the spirit, and that he ran one mile over ditches and fences before the spirit left bim, and all this time he was elated that ho thought he was flying. When jumping in ecstacyof the Holy Ghost, they soy their spirits rise above their bodies. They permit no person, excepting those belonging to the band, to join with them in singing or jumping, or any other of their exercises, although no objection is made to tho attendance of outsiders at the meetings of the band. A dozen will have the floor at once pounding and kicking, and the whole crowd seems worked up to a fearful state of excite- ment-som? jumping until they fall, the women shrieking in tho wildest manner, and others praying, whistling, or puffing, as for a wager. They permit no levity on the part of the young folks during their proceedings. Mr. Cobb, one of the bund, is thought to be growing insane under tho excite- ment of this religious phrenzy. There is no doubt that the members of the baud are sincere enthusiasts. The society now numbers over SOO members.-New York Telegram to the Oinninnali Com- mercial. ' 