WEST-STREET. Per favour of the Toowoomba Chronicle. We have often been treated with numerous eccentricities by the Drayton Assembly. If all had been truthfully depicted from its open- ing to the present day, and 'Punch' could have been present. what a pretty hodge-podge of semi-social, and unsociable, and semi-poli- tical dramas might he not have written. However such a lot of ' odd ' fellows have been kept together no one can tell ; and very few care, perhaps, except the unfortunate rate payers who havo to support tbeir municipal Bedlam. With tbo small amount of rates oolleoted, and tho diminishing Government gratuity, wo hardly know bow they havo muddled through so long as they havo dona. All must marvel still rnoro to find how thoy havo found tho sinows of war for making and rc-makiog their roads, sinking bottomless waterless wells, and carrying on other im portant (?) public works and improvements (?) It is truo Admiral Boland is a host in him self, and, liko Paddy McFoa at a fair, cau mako up for a dozen of your ordinary alder- mon. IIo is in truth ono of those factotums who aan aot tho mayor, aldormou, town olork, contractor, auditor, and ratcpoyor to boot. It is quita amusing at times to seo how ho beards his brothers, or elso with superlativo exple tives drives them beforo him, or in words not to be mentioned to polite ears, consigns them to warmer regions than oven tho very hot Drayton Council Chamber. -However, wo will tics, inconsistencies, and radical splenetics, oud oomo directly to a grievanco deeply inter esting tbo travelling public. In one of tbo main thoroughfares of tho Municipality of Drayton, just pnst Mr. Blasland's old Boiling Diwra Establishment, thero is a regular qoag- mirh. In wet weather neither man nor beast can travcrso it without gcttiog ovor their knees in mud and miro. As to drays, tboy get bogged nearly up to tbo axletreos evory timo tlioy pas3, aud a merry round of oaths and curses arc Rung far and near at tho Drayton Councillors hy poor suffering team sters as tboy wade thclrway oat of this slough of despond. Whether tbo ghosts of .the slanghtorod millions by tho publio executioners ofBIaxland and Co. aro too much for ablor- mnnib oourago to resist, we kuow not; but this wo do know of tho slough of dcpon alluded to, if such a placo could be fouod any where, even io tbo back slums of the old oountry, it would bo visited by a heavy penalty, ond very proporly so. But to make matters worse, after tho traveller has waded through this first slough of despond, be is liable to be bogged in another in tho same streety about half a nrilo further south. Wo do not oxnggcrato when wo say that West- street, at tho localities alluded to, would bo a disgrace to any municipality in wbieh it was situuted, and much moro to a township that onoo s) vainly boosted of its prcstigG above all others in tbo county of Aubigny. "Wo do hopo that in common juBtics to tho numerous ratep-iyers living in it contributing largely to the municipal revenuo, and to tho public goncrully, that tbo places indicatod will havo speedy attention. IVo strongly recommend Iris Worship, (aftor insuring his lifo and well lining tho inner man) to start upon a staunoh and strong nag, aud fathom, if ho can, tho West-street bogs nbovo-moutionod. Even thus furnished, wo should hardly liko him to ven ture thero Mono. No ; let him tako his tru6ty Councillors with him, all well armed against contingencies with a strong cable, and— threaded together liko a string of onions— let tbcm attempt to ford tboso treacherous passes, separating tbo sirior townships. Even with all snob preparations tbeir journey would bo hazardous, unless they took tho precaution, to make 000 end of tho connecting ehato fast to a good sound tree, 6tump, or post, so that if unable to get through tho mire, tboy might ho able to drag thomselvcs back tho way tboy camo. Redout of patients iii tho Toowoomba Hospital for the week ending September IGth, 1870:— 1 _ Mules. Females. , Tn Hospital last report - ' ... 24 S Sir.ce admitted ... ... 5 0 Discharged .... .... 2 ' 1 Died ... ... 2 0 Remain ng in Hospital ... 25 4 Receiving out.door medical relief, 8 adults, Dra. Roberts nnd Becker will be the visiting' surgeons for next wctk. Tho Hospital Committee have to thank Mr. Ropplcr fur a lot of cabbages for tho uso of the Hospital. Tim Blind Leading tiie Blind. — A Ludicrous Incident.— On Tuosdny last two women restJii-g In or near by Ncil-strcct, Toowoomba, had been porlnkiug rather freely of tbo juico of tho grape, when, by accident, the hnt of No. 1 full into n water-closet. No. 2, with that superabundant kindliness of fading so often exhibited by persons under tho influence of alcohol, attempted to recover the orratic article of apparel, when sho lost her bnlanco and went in hcau foremost. No. I imme diately exerted herself to rescue her friend, No. 2, from her unpleasant positiou, and in doing so fell in herself. Luckily, other help was closo nt hand, nud tfcoy wcro both spcodily rescued, when they presented one of tho most pitiful but ludi. emus specimens of tho evil effects of iutomperanco that were ever socn. LICENSED TO CUT TIMBER ON CROWN LANDS.-- 'James Tannock and William Radford obtained licenses on the 12th instant to cut timber on Crown Lands for the period of six months, exclusive of cedar and fire wood ; and on the 15th instant similar licenses were granted to John Goodwin and William King. JOHN HOLDEN applied, yesterday morning, for a renewal of license to make bricks, which was granted. POLICE COURT. — The only case before the court since our last issue was a charge of being drunk ond disorderly, which was heard yesterday morn- ing, and to which the defendant pleaded guilty, and was ordered to pay 10s, or be locked up forty- eight hours. MARAVILLE COCOA. — For Breakfast, — The Globe says : — " Various importers and manufac- turers have attempted to attain a reputation for their prepared Cocoas, but we doubt whether any thorough success had been achieved until Messrs, Taylor Brothers discovered the extraordinary qualities of 'Maravilla' Cocoa, Adapting their perfect system of preparation to this finest of all species of the Theobroma, they have produced an article which supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the 'Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For Homeopaths and invalids we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverago," Sold in packets only by all Grocers, of whom also may be had Taylor Brothers' Origi- nal Homoepathic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate Sleam Mills— Brick Lane, London. — [ADVR.] 