THE AMALGAMATED ENGINEERS. [from the JFwum* JotrnaU tm Bterstsrj oi tne Adelaide tiraorh of the ftntsianttii EDjuieers' Society hai favoured us viba a copy of tile annual report for 1881 Its tons is charwsterutiosllw iWMigwi hw mm !? woicn uw ooCMnjyV' prooesdiags in 1867 were described. It ipeaiwiihanoteol depression, and imme- ' aiatsr/ sites fsots which Ratify its dtipoif tooy. Duriag th« year reported npontho ; Society's fosds have avdergone a diminatloa of fuDy twag&y.sx; thoosand povedr. It ronmanoed with a balaace of £129,26% sad rsanaid duriag the twelve months a gross revsmw of £83,246, but its disborsemeats , amoaatad to £101,809. Th« ecoirauUtcd fund was eositaatatr/ reduced to £98,899. This is a sony pieUre of the eo^neflrbf trad* from the workvaVs point of view; - anditkssawidsappVcation,fortheSoc!ety, ) thoogh of Ea^isk oiiya, has ramified over r the Coatbeat, the Uoitod States, sad fha : colonies. Of its thh ly- three thousand sstftv bers,notafswarsJaAiUra1ia; aUtffeaam- ? bersretobsissjDdraCaaada; Brsnchesam ' Ecatteredsnattr fibs United SUUs; tm&i;* Europe tasy kave txtsaded u far eaU as t« Constantiaopk. Tht Society is an uterett* iD3 mnstrttSom of the difusioa of Britif kv . skDledlakotr tbroaghont the world. Asa trade orgSB*x«JioB it holds the first rank, and the appsaiauei of so much distress among its memters is a proof how much - stem troth Oars is ia the universal cry of depression. , _ The Amalfrmated Engineers dispens* usietsnoe ia six distmct forms. Theprin* : dpal recipients sr* men out of work, who come upon the Eoctyy for a donation or oat of -work benefit This is administered as in FiiendlyScsktiss by weekly allowance, the average be*ag six sbiUmgs a week. It entailed an outlay in 1868 of £64,979, or £1 18s. lOd. per member. The Secretary alleges that trad* dispute* have been a veiy insignificant cant* of expence, their piorsr* tion of the toitl being oaly about sevm - thousand pounds. Nor were the men respon sible for its having been incurred, ss thsj had initiated no dispute during the year. Tb's seven thousand pounds had beea employed in self-defence against isolatsd encroachments of employers in various parts of the country. After deducting it nearly sixty thousand pounds remain as the cost of noB -employment among individual members. : Reckoned at six shillings per week, it would ' represent 190,000 weeks of idle time, or nearly six for each member of the Society] In what ought to be one of the steadiest trades there was in 1868 only forty- sixweeks^ work per mm for its best hands— no one earning less than ' the standard 'wage being admitted: among the Amalgamated T!nin. neera. -:,;;;?.!; ???'..'?; The benefits proper granted by the Society comprifle nearly aeventeen thousand pounds of mck allowance, disfc luted also by weekly instalments.'' Its average was folly ten shillings per member. The superannuations have increased to over seven thousand pounds, .OK 4*. 3d. per head, and the funeral expenses exceeded five thousand, or 3a, per member: The hut two funds are appro priated to exceptional requirements, one for benevolent grants, and another for oompensa lions in case of accidents sustainoi at work. Ten such claims were paid during the year at the rate of a hundred pounds a piece, while promiscnons benevolence cost the Sodety about three thousand pounds. Tho total disbursement* average £2 18s. 6d. per member— about aix shillings more *!*??'*? in the preeodixn; year, The collection ard distribution of this amount— including all the working expenses of the Branches— hu cost a further 11 par cent, or 6a. 8d. per member,, raising the gross outlay of the Society to £3 6s. 4d. per member. Very opposite constructions may be put on this startling result. It maybe set. down aa a perversion of the economical laws which should govern the labour market, or it may be lauded as a magnificent example of self-help.. The sixty tnmisand pounds which the Amalgamated Engineers have paid in this one year for the rapport of their unemployed has doubtless saved a large sum to the poor rates. The thirty thousand pounds more which has been spent in sick, superannuation, and other benefits would, but for thia Sodety, have been drawn from the public purse. Aa a check on pauperism the creation of trade funds is a vast moral and financial gain. The men who can thus generously assist each other are all the , better citizens for their mutual devotion, and the assistance ii all the more palatable that it has been directly earned. The common purse of a Corporation dispenses bounty unsofled by the odium of State-gathered charity. Every man who is staved off the poor rates by a Benefit Sodety preserves so much more of his manhood, and spares aceihua amount of risk as well as of expense to the country. But, on the other hand, there is the trad* view obtruding upon us its very unequal distribution of labour. The members of the Amalgamated Engineers sacrificed on an average six wcaks per man ont of iae year 1868\. Some were actually out of work a much longer time, and the rest) who remained in work, had literally to maintain them. Want of employment is the alleged cause, and where it means that persons an positively [turned adrift on the world it is a very deserving Hue of benevolence. But it may, and frequently does, indicate wholly different ? circumstances. Loafing, for example, cannot be excluded from the category, nor can it be denied that men are withdrawn from the active ranks of the trade when occasion arises for regulating the labour iupply. These are dangers yet in their infancy, which will grow with every season of distress. There is no check appli cable to them but stringent and careful administration. All that the Amalgamated Engineers certainly possess, their rules being strictly enforced in the smallest particular. They will doubtless weather the reverses which this Teport iscords, and soon resume the healthy progress which adversity beyond their own control has interrupted. TrbIhsfectobship o? PuMJC-Horsra.— Tho Government have decided that the Inspectorship of Public-houses .'hall be an office attached to the Police Force. It is believed that by adopt ing this plan efficiency in the discharge of the duties «Jl be enhanced. It does not at all follow, however, tbat the position will be con ferred unon any one at present in the force. No dt staon has been coma to upon the applica tion of the Bench, of Magistrates to have the appointment vested in them. Strathalbto Eifib ClubI— On June 21 toe weather, on which shooting so much depends, was delightful, when the Strathalbyn Rifle dub metfor their half-yearly champion match and the ownership of the silver shielded girdle. It wai hoped that eight or trine would have taken part in the contest, but only five remained when firing time came, the rest having gone to windward and out of eight. Captain Ranking, who had fired well all through the match, was taxed to the utmost on every point to the closeof the 800-yard range bytbepersutent way in which his brother (Mr. Andrew Bankine) waspanDal with him almost shot for shot. Unfortunately, at 900 yards the latter'a rifle seemed as though it bad had enough of it, for several of the bullets insisted on not going all the way to the target. However, at length ths Captain outstripped every competitor, and closed the match with a score of l&pomts;, Mr. W. Colman being second with 119. Below are the distance scoth:— Yorda-200 500 600 800 900 TO. Mr. John Stark ... 25 25 20 22 14 105 Mr. JamesBaukine.. 25 23 24 23 24 122 Mr. A. Bankme ... 26 23 28 23 9 107 Mr. W. Colman ... 25 24 20 24 23 116 Mr.W.Bankine,8en. 21 20 17 11 dr €9 Thb .Umos Minstrels.— These mlnatreb gavA another entertainment at White's Booms on Wednesday evening to rather a meagre audience. Of the vocal and instrumental part of the entertainment we cannot speak too highly. In addition to the usual number of 3ongs, the overture, a, glee, and a concertina solo were capitally wadered, the last receiving an encore. But the troupe must think Adelaide people sadly in want of amusement and greatly deterio rated in their taste when they inflict upon them half- an:hour of such utter rubbish a- was con tained in what was called a farcical sketch. What fun, if such it is to be termed, there was in it was caused by 'an intruder' who would perart-in. asking a muac-master for coals, and another who kept constantly bawling out at the top of his voice. The only point which was ia the slightest degree redeeming in ths affair was the appearance of a ghost We are sorry to speak m this way of the performance, but Christy Minstrel entertainment! have hitherto, as a rule, been so good that we cannot refrain from mentioning the first great falling off, with the hope that the nistake will net be repeated. The proceedings ended with a burlesque of Professor Heller's second sight, which was cleverly gone through, and at times very \- laughable. A Chance for Epicubk?.— A well-known butcher's shop in Adelaide was on Wednesday evening graced with the cstcoi* of a splendid sheep, -wbtch attracted unbounded admiration from the shifting yet continuous crowds of \ bystander. It was a pure Southdown, bred and fattened by Mr. Jobn Chamben of Rich mond; end, apait from its unusual size and I weight, it completely realized Goldsmith's r description, as *'. a picture for painters to study— The fat was bo white, and the lean was so ruddy.' Public Moralitt.— A deputation from the i Evangelical Alliance waited upon the Chief (Secretary on Wednesday morning to urge upon him the necessity of enforcing the clauses of the Police and Licensed Victuallers Acts having reference to prostitution. The Rer. Mes3ra. Millard, Parsons, and Lyall represented the views of the Alliance. The Chief Secretary, after listening to their remarks, expressed surprise that the social evil had increased to the extent represented, and said he would do all he could to mitigate it. He gave it as his opinion that there were too many public-houses in existence, and he thought the number might be reduced one-half ; and with respect to permits given to night houses of a bad character he stated that he would first remonstrate with the Magistrates who granted these permits, and that if they then continued issuing1 sucb licence* he should recommend that their names be struck off the Commission of the Peace. He would also instruct the police to carry oat the existing law as strictly as possible. The men ben of the deputation are highly satisfied mlth the bon. gentleman's answer, and are hopeful thai the enforcement of the Acts referred to, aided by other legislative action, will have the effect of checking the spread of this form of immorality. Tnm-STBBST Baptist Church. —Tenders for the erection of a schoolroom in connection with the sew Baptist Chapel, North Adelaide, of which Mr. James Cumming is the architect,' have been accepted. The cost will be about £1,160. A large number of tenders were re served, and the work will coat about two-thirds of the pries that would haro been required three months ago. 'Btwjcal Sochtt.— The second annual zathtfring of the North Adelaide Young Men's Biblical Society, meeting under the presidency Df Mr. Samuel BakeweU, in the Friendly Societies' Hall, North Adelaide, was held ou Tuesday evening. June 21. At the invitation of the President, a large number of members with kheir friends, besides numerous visitors, met for tea and soda! intercourse. He had provided an ibundanoa of creature comforts, and after the tablet were cleared an interesting meeting was held, under the «hftirmnngh'p of Mr. T. Robin, who spoke of the wide influence which might be exerted by members of the das. As in physical nature each atom possessed an in fluence, so their comparatively small and insig nificant commencement would end in mosS important results. Each was but an atom iu creation, yet they were going out into the world to take their places in society, and he trusted their profession and practice of that which made true and noble men would shed a halo round their path. This would be thecase if thatpathwas 'thatof the just, whichshinethmore and more unto the perfect day.' The report, read by the Secretary, Mr. C. H. Matters, gave & resumi of their operations since last meeting. The average attendance had been 21, number on the roll 44, and undoubted success had attended the conduct of the class during the year. Their province wai not to attract young men from the Sunday-school or other religious organizations,but to provide for the spiritual well-being of those who never attended a place of worship, or paid the homage due from the creature to the Creator. The motto of the Society was, 'Come with us and we will do you good.' Addresses of en couragement and advice to young men were given by Messrs. C. W. Priest, T. Matters, and others; recitations and musio also contributing to the general enjoyment of the evening, which was carried out with an absence of formality. At the close a resolution of thanks to Mr. Bakewell was moved by Mr. A. H. Scarf e, seconded by Mr. 6. Howell, the proposer referring briefly to the active interest taken in the improvement of the minds and morals of young men by the President, who, under great difficulties, had established the Association in its present suc cessful position. Mr. Bakewell made a feeling response, expressing gratification at being able to contribute in any way to the advancement of Christ's Kingdom, and especially by gathering around him a band of youths whom he trusted would leave their mark in the future. The meeting broke up after singing the National Anthem in an enthusiastic manner. The MoFFHETT-STRSir Bridge.— Mr. Fam deU, the photographer, has shown us two good view3 which he took on Tuesday of tbe Morphett street Bild^e. As specimens of instantaneous photography they are veiy cred'.Hble, and as pictures they give a fp'jidea of thestiactaro and of the iut3restmg demonstration. Dafuho Rains. — A Wentworth letter received by a trading firm states tbat the rains m the up liver districts had been heavier than b«id fcs. ore fallen witbm the memory of white men, end tbat owing to them the up country roils bad not arrived. Pour Augusta Weather.— Showers have fallen this week, and the season hsi been so fine that residents are able to get a supply of vege tables occasionally from Stirling11. There was, when the mail left, every appearance of more rein, and the mornings for three or four days previous had been very foggy until about 10 o'clock. Queensland Natives and Northern Tele graph.— The telegraphic system is of immense utility, but promoters of new lines hardly calculate upon their wires being utilized in the way Queensland aboriginals are doing with some of the wires in that territory. Perhaps Mr. Todd, to provide against any similar contin gency to that mentioned in the following, from the Sydney Morning Herald, will send up for the blacks a supply of fishhooks:— "A mob of blacks a short time ago played havoc with the telegraph posts and wires on the Cardwell line. It appears that their first idea in thus destroying the line was to prevent it from bearing tidings of their ill doings to the Native Police camps, they having been incautiously informed by some of the native troopers that it was intended for that purpose. Subsequently, however, they have discovered that they can convert the wire into fishhooks, many of which, manufactured in a very ingenious way, have lately been found in their possession. City op Brubsbls v. Boston.— Our Mel bourne telegram in Wednesday's Journal might, if read alone, have a tendency to confuse, as. up to tho latest dates via Suez, no tidings had been received of the City of Boston, and the dates by that route are in advance of news via California. Mr. Isbister kindly furnishes some particulars of the City of Brussels' arrival, re ferred to in the message:— The City of Brussels (steamer) sailed from New York for Liverpool en the 28th March, with propeller broken. The following is the answer to a telegram sent to New York by ths owners:— The City of Brussels lost both blades of her propeller when steaming about two knots against a N.B. gale, in long. 61' W.; the vessel's lifeboat took a Utter from the joaster to the Idaho (steamer), which offered to stand by, but the City of Brussels wanted nothing, nor was any desire expressed for the passengers to be transferred. The City of Brussels was heading B.S. against a N.E. gale and high sea, roing about five knots, with all plain sail set, in order to keep well south of tha fee. Iioyd's latest shipping mteQigenoe gives the following:— 'Crookhaven, April 21. Thesteamer City of Brussels passed here at 6.30 a.m. All well; under saiL The steamer City of Durham and steam-tug Battler accompany her to Liver* pooL' Death of as Old Cannibal.— The Thaxn Adtiilrxr of May SO, referring to the exoected death oL Taraia, says:—' We learn that Taraia Nfkuti, the aged chief o* the Ngatitamatera, and ?tLe h»t of the canribals,' had made up his nw-'d tbat he would die last night, and asm this mtttsr natives generally carry out, so to speak, tho?r intention, we quite expect tbat Taraia u now dead. In rank, Taraia stood vary high; indeed, we doubt if there are now four natives who in birth and warlike fame are his equals. He has been always recognised as the great chief of tile Thames, just as Potatau was the great chief of the Waikato. He was a very old pu^ numbering probably nearly 100 years. His youth and manhood were spent in cruel wars and in terrible deeds of blood, such a3 New Zealand will never see again. It was he who, with his warriors, held the lart great can nibal feast in New Zealand, at the Thames, when hundreds of heads were stuck on poles after an inroad upon the Tauranga tribes. He might have been seen frequently at Butt's Corner, sitting in the sun, looking on at the busy life of the Europeans, which had changed the very face of the land where he had formerly reigned with more than royal power. His death will cause a great sensation amongst the natives in both islands cf the colony.' The Watebloo Dat Races.— On Wednesday the Stewards of the Waterloo Day Races (Sir J. Morphett and Mr. J. Formby) decided that the protests acaiust Coquette and Stride, as first and second for the Hacks, and that by Mr. M. If cEnhill against Paul Jones, were not sustained. In the evening the settling took place at the Globe Hotel. There was a small attendance, Mr. W. D. Fisher presiding. The amounts due to the owners of the winning horses were handed over as follows:— Maiden Plate, Mr. G. Baker's Paul Jones, £23 15*. ; Steeplechase, Mr. T. Mafeoey't Monk, £43 15s. ; Wellington Cup, Mr. Baker's Paul Jones, £50 ; Trial Stakes, Mr. I. Jackson's Duke of Wellington, £42 10s. ; Hacks, Mr. P. McEnhill's Coquette, £12 l(k The Chairman remarked that the sweepstakes had not amounted to so much as they wished. It made just 25 per cent, to be added to the winnings of each horse. The expenses of the Course had been £27 9s., and the proceeds £64 16s. Mr. P. B. Coglin, M.P., proposed 'The health of the Hon. Secretary, Mr. W. D. Ksfaar.' When he spoke to him about the Stand he did not think he would be successful in getting up a meeting because of the dulness of the times, but he was pleased and delighted to see. the success that iad attended his efforts. Long may he live to import such stock as he had done. Mr. Fisher, in responding, said it always gave him great pleasure to get up any kind of sport. He thought that now they had had such a successful meeting they ought to try and get up a Jockey Club. They had done it before, and why not now? Three* ojr four persons had tried to do it, but if 'they, amalgamated he thought they would be successful. Mr. Coglin proposed the Stewards. He expressed an opinion that all animus should be dropped, and an amalga mation made for tha pnrposo of forming a Jockey Club. Mr. W. D. Fisher having made some suggestions as to the formation of anew Club. Mr. T. Maloney proposed the heilth of all who had asnsted in the management of the late races, and his learned friend Mr. Coglin. The toast having been drunk, Mr. McEnhiH gave the toast of 'The Starter,' to which Mr. W. D. Fisher responded. After some further conviviality, the meeting closed. Storm on Yobkb's Peninsula.— The local Press says tbat on Saturday evening Wallaroo was visited by a very heavy thunderstorm. The thunder was very loud, and the lightning exceedingly vivid. The night was as black as Erebus, the wind raged furiously, and there were occasionally heavy showers of hail. A torrent of water swept down the railway towards the sea, which the Moonta kbus essaying to face was quickly carried from the line and ovei turned— fortunately without material injury to either passengers or driver. The Kadina bus that brought the mail was obliged to come to a standstill about a quarter of a mile from the terminus, the line being impassable. The storm appears to have been but partial, not reaching Moonta, where it would certainly have flooded some of ths shops in George-street, and not being felt at Kadina. Other parts of the country were flooded. PL0UCBT5O.— It fa stated that in the South East the introduction of double-furrow ploughs has led to a material reduction of the price of ploughing, and 8s. per acre is quoted as the price at which a large extent has been taken. Mount Gavbibb Hops.— The produce of Mr. Thomas Williams's hop-garden is spoken of as first-class for strength and colour. The Standard regards it as proved beyond dispute that ex cellent hops can be grown at the Mount without difficulty, and that the product will amply repay cultivators. Potatoes.— For the information of any who are sceptical as to the suitability of the sou and climata of Mount Gambier for the growth of potatoes, we (Standard) are in a position to report that a patch of ground near town has this season yielded at the rate of over thirteen tons to the acre— eighty tons of prime potatoes having been bagged from six acres. This produce it is not unlikely will advance slightly iu consequence of the crops at Warrnambool having turned out badly this season. The Licensing System. — A petition has been presented to the Victorian Parliament from a large number of female residents in Ballarat, praying that measures might be found for more effectively protecting the young of bath sexes from the lures now held out by the vendors of drink, and that the flagrant immorality aad kindred abuses connected with taprooms, dancing saloons, and similar licensed places of amusement might be promptly suppressed. Mount Gambier Hospital.- In this institu tion the Standard says : — ' The accommodation h still insufficient for the urgent demands made upon it. Last week a man named Taylor sought admission, having met with a severe accident while blasting at the Drainage Works, by which his face and one arm were severely bnrnt ; but every bed being occupied, he could only be received as an out patient.' Bishop Patteson. — Church of England readers wul regret to hear that a letter from Bishop Patteson, of the Melanesiau Mission, dated Auckland, May 12, has been received in Melbourne, from which the Meuengtr regrets to learn that he had been suffering from severe illness, which had kept him from work for ten weeks. He was much better, however, aad hoped soon to be able to make the voyage to Norfolk Island. New Zbalasd Legislative Council.— The Hilton Examiner of June 1 his the following under the heading 'Legislative Council:'— Messrt. Bobert Campbell and Thomas Fraser, of Otago: M. S. Grace and G. M. Watorhouse, of Wellington; Thomas Henry Wigley, of Nelson; and James WflHamaoo, of Auckland, have been called to the Legislative Council. Telegbaphic Distinctness.— Some week* ago a fewparticubrs were given from an official document of the arrangements for transmitting telegrams by the new line through Russia. The extreme acenraoy of the operatore, sad their intimate acquaintance with the English language and idiom, wOl be readily mUnftttrt by those who wade through the annexed massage, taken from the Bombay GatOte. That paper writes of the new route:— 'It fa but duo to it that we should acknowledge in our overland summary the remarkable service It has rendered to India as a means of transmitting public news and private advices. The following telegrams, printsd as received, sneak for themselves; they are Renter's:—' London. 17th. — Alderman Salomon titos salt baromds crawf ords refused corranclay another agnbhn aannation inland carecton butory catholic archbtsoop Annaeh. 21st— Days insurrection votontry Barcelona refused disarm erektea bariechres tatetupl send amaise of severe fighting orders restored Jestik fleary pattot cornuned aonied. 22nd.— letterpopp Bumming Humming contat aDap non— Catholics auter encommedlal Con di for discussion from already contend abftury generally ehtined hoals ford times braves suppes deserved with drawtoo to presented spot his Government saying excepted instructions and Washington Government dis avows, proedirm a amon King Portugal accept ing throne ahrit abdicating favour Creditary pnnce secretary governor taraaend— ossassinted republican mob for attempting put down revo lutionary flows bank hole Caabreisen diactite runoured lares withdrwawal to-morrow mealy tdegraphedWashingtoii Spain resolved not nego ciate for sates Empereur Napoleon have given audience to Lord Clarendon prino* prusstan Cnning Constantinople afterchetir sues brashop excited. 27.— Havmg change prefory by share holders against manger directors Albert Assu rance for consgnaf eonweed Saturday Ignidotiore examined no cancfl frtmd on part directors cose artanaten. 29th.— spbow clarundas al ounheral association lord been an continent head opportunity colkctxred opinions seen persons who exercise influence on bestiwos Europe and believe at no time since prusnans austnanpaer existed faviar pans pant monte montcmente blessing peace.' A What oould be more clearer or more satisfactory for the money? Wen Exhibits n Nsw South Walsb.— The agent in Adelaide of the Agricultural 8cdety of New South Wales has reoevrod a telegram from the Society'* Commissioners, stating thai the wines sent from this colony had arrived in excellent condition. Vital Statistics —The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 18th of June, were:— Births, 20 males, 16 females; deaths, 11 male?, 5 females— total, 36 births, 16 deaths. Excess of births, 20. Selection and Duxmyisx.— In the coura of a lengthy letter from Narracoorte to the Mount Gambier Standard there occur the fol lowmg^entences :— ' The township has resumed its wonted quiet, the monotony only being occasionally relieved by a few of our German colonists hunting for land. Sections continue to be taken, and the 'eye;' of the Hundred of Jessie have bc3n fairly pickci out. I hope the selectors intend to be bcraa fide occupiers; but on reviewing the names I am very doubtful if they are bon* fide. If so, we shall have some of our wealthiest squatten turning cockatoos, and men I have known for yean, and who have been noted for coming into the township after having earned a cheque, and knocking it down in a short time, must have suddenly come into wealth in order to have obtained the means of paying the deposit, and to enable them to comply with the conditions of leeidence and improvement. Such things may have happened, but, like a Jew, I am hard of belief. Aaong others I also note the name of a man new to. fame, who has recently entered as a political gladiator in the House of Assembly. My opinion may be worth more or less than that gentleman's ?'influence' which he promised in his opening speech to give the Government. Never theless, here it is:— He will be of much more use to the South-East if he fulfils the conditions of residing nine months out of the year on his allotment and acquires a practical knowledge of the nature and value of the sod, and leives tha. making of land laws to older and abler men. By the end of hie first year's experience ha will find that competition will drive him to economy, and that it will be a poor speculation to till the soil un less he can get the produce to market. Without a railway it will be ati impossibility to do so at rates which will leave him any surplus, and in order to get the full market value he will have to specify a time in which he wQl deliver, which cannot be done at present. I know of goods that have been two months in transit from Ade laide; ploughs ordered for the season arriving too late to be of any use, putting the parties to the expense of buying elsewhere; and after arrival having to pay at least £6 per ton for cartage. _ Let this gentleman experience these inconveniences and expenses, and after sending for a few stores or sending a few drayloads of wheat, I think he will consider a railway to the seaport indispensable, and see the utility of opening up the important district he has the honour to represent. To do this it will be necessary to have a trunk-line from Lace pede Bay to MacDonnell Bay, with branches to the Border and Bivoli Bay; that is my opinion.' Another writer remarks: — 'The land i* being taken up gradually, but it is to be feared it n eoing into the wrong hands, a3 the selectors look very like 'dummies'— men who never have been and are not at all likely to become cultiva tors of the soiL Another Act is badly wanted to prevent dummyism, which will compel a certain portion to be ploughed out of every hundred acres taken up. It is to be hoped that our South-Eastern members will do what they can to get the land taken up by bona fide culti vators, which alone wOl raise the South-Eatt to its proper value as a wheat-producing district; and I believe it will be second to no district in the colony for producing cereals.' Queensland Pboducts at Port Dabwoi.— A Brisbane paper (the Queentlander) publishee the following:— 'By a Qazttu Extraordinary, issued on June 1, it is notified that His Ex* cellency has appointed Bloomfield Douglas, Esq., R.N.B., the Government Resident at Port Darwin, Northern Territory of South Australia, to be a Magistrate of the Territory of Queens land. Plants supplied to the Gulnare.— The following list of plants and seeds has bean for* nished by Mr. W. Hill, the Curator of the Brisbane Botanic Gardens, for Major Douglas, the Government Resident of the Northern Territory of South Australia :— Sugarcane (1,QDD cuttings)— Saccharum officinarum var. chigaes, Helium, socrat, dioengdjoeng, Salangore, troebae, rappoe, rappoe var. diard, meerm, poetei, Bourbon, Chinensis, ribbon. TU^Wflf (20 plants) — Mnsa GavandesU, sapmitum, Tembang, Aedang, Eidang, Pinang. Purple arrowroot, white arrowroot 8weet pota* toes, yams, tapioca, casrava, ginger, black pepper, ground nut, jack fruit, mango, custard apple, sweet sop, longan, pear guava, gooseberry guava, loquat, papaya, urge grana dilla, Queensland nuts, Brazilian cherry, Chinese currant, coffee, tea, candle nut, Seville orange, six varieties of pineapples, Chines* pear, Isabella grape, rose apple, native tamarind, camphor, logwood, bonya bunya, Norfolk Island pme, Singapore hat plant, China grass cloth plant, gmaea grass, Poiociaua regia, Moius cedrena, Moras alba, Mot us multieaulis, Poinsettia pulcherrima, Tecoma venusta, Bhyo- - chospennum jasmboides. Seeds— Sea Island cotton, Egyptian cotton, New Orleans cotton, indigo, jute, pot, sun hemp, senna (Aleppo) ; tobaecc— Manila, Persian, Yulta abajo; oastor oil (two species). DxscBiBiNa Abbas.— Wilting to the Mount Qamlkr Standard, a correspondent says:— 'I hope Mr. Goyder had time and took th* oppor tunity of exvmiping the variou maps issoea at the Land Office. If so, he would have found a great difference from those issued by the South Austr*i;« Department The Victorian map of an agiicultorrl area gives every inf onnatio»~ shows fences, watercoorses, gullies, names of station?-, nature, quantity, and description of timber,* stony, «f hilly, and the quality of *? »o*l; pod be will also further haw learnt taut the whole of the Western District -divided into films, and immediately a ?election is mad* the sdc cttt«*rers4*dat abort th**v*r*«« of Uk6d. in the pound aaanal yalu*, from tb* proceeds of wbich fund* are provided to maketh* roads over which h* taveOed so expedttiously, ani I bop* pleasantly, a his buggy. Tim* would sot hav* permitted him to man enquiry into the working of the Tenting Act in conjunction with tiw Land Act A freeholder can impound whether h»landnfenoedornot,bat the seleotor must fence ant I know a gentleman who left this tistri*tm8*pUmb*r,lM& H* found *B Mi grajB had b*m *at*n off by ta» former pastoral tenant's sheep. Bo watted till th* not season before making a conm«oo*ment, and th*a took two team of buQosks and men, expecting to find enough feed for sustenance; butth*a&a;*p bad cropped off every blad*. Many of tbs bullock* -Hed from exhaustion, tad the fewthst lived were only enabled to eke oat their «x!s tence by trespasiing on th* squatter's ran, wh* merdfufly seat word that unless they were at one* removed th*y would be mtpotmded. This ysarth* man mad* aaetber attempt bat ms own c&tti;* being dead, be bad to let tbe fencing to a p*Hy that had a f«ac*d-in paddock. Tbs fact, I think, is sufficient to prove to our members that it is a necessity and only fair that the selector, after paying his rent, thould be the only pemm having a right to the grass. I have no doubt the Surreyor-General wul recommend many of the above remarks to be embodied in the new Bill, and fa a short time I may throw out a few more hints from a parson of practical Tictoifan experience.' [From yesterday's Emx»§ Journal.] Earn v. Sooth Austbauai Ihsobanci CoMPAjrr.— This wm an action on a policy of insurance effected with the above-named Com pany on the store, stock, and fixtures of tbe plaintiff, who was a storekeeper at Gree nock. A large portion of the stock and premises were destroyed by a fire, which occurred on th* 10th January last, while Mr. Hertz was in Adelaide. A claim was mad* for £520, wbich the Company, through their agent, refused, on the ground that full particu Ian had not been furnished of the loss. Th* Company pleaded that the policy was not their deed. A kmg correspondence betwean the plain tifPfe agent, Mr. G. S. Price, and subsequently Mesas. Stow, Bruce, & Ayers, and the Company's agent, was put in, together with the policy and other documents. The plaintiff was cross-examined at length by Mr. Ingleby. with regard to tha nature and value of the stock, and the entries in bis books. The case was not concluded when the Court rose, and the hearing was adjourned till this morning. Mr. Stow, Q.C., and Mr. Way appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Ingleby and Mr. Bouc&ut; for the defendants. River District.— A letter from Kulnine, dated June 20, received by a mercantile house, says:— 'Since my last we have again had a heavy fall of rain, and the river h still risingfast.' Accident at Mount Pisasant. — While taking part in a scuffle at Mount Pleasant a person named C. Howe fell and broke his leg. Dr. Gosse was at once called in, and attended to the poor fellow. 