Challenge to the Australian Champion. . I The -brinbunooment'? wiioh'Wo! extracted "from SelVi hZife'-in.-/S[ya'ney,_Bnd^published in. our_ impression ol |iSaturday laat,.to tho effect that.an Australian gontlemnn ¡had offered to furnish, the.munificentTaum. of £210 towards "sending home" Michael Rush, the champion 'sculler of New South Wales, for the purpose of "throwing down tho gauntlet on the Thames to ; tho pick of the English rowers," has already put thbsoullors of tho old j country on their mottlo. A woll-known supporter of rowing'called at our office on Monday, and loft a deposit of £50 on'behalf of J. H. Sadler of Putney, whom ballas prepared to match against tho AuBtrnliwn sculler for tho usual 'stake of £200 aside, or any larger sum the Colonial champion, may prefer. The baoker of Sadler stipulates that in 'tito event of tho challenge being accepted tho race shall take'placo dvor tho accredited English Champion- ship Course, viz., from Putnoy to Mortlake. Wo sincerely trust that tho now aspirant "for moro worlds to conquer" may meet with sufficient support from thelovors of sport in Australia-and their name is logion-to onablo him to. undortako his contemplated trip to tho mother country, and measure blades with Sadler, in whom, whether victor or vanquished, ho will unquestionably And a worthy fooman. Wo can ot any rate promiso him a hearty'welcome " homo."-rUelFa Zifc in London. No doubt our readers will romomber tho circumstance abovo alluded to of a gentleman offering to giro £250 towards sending Rush homo ; but tho idea was dropped on account of the want "of interest taken in it by Rush's friends../ Saddler's ohallongo is now a lino opportunity for Hickey's friends, and "wo have no doubt but that ho would ba* .willing to row Hickey instead bf :BUB1I. Aftor tbo^gallant struggle made' by. tho unlucky Dick Green with tho celebrated1 TynO oarsman, Robert Ohambore, it Beems etrnngothot Buoh a good mon ns Hiokey cannot be sent homo to do. bottle for Í tho honor of Now South Waloa. It will bo romomberod that tho lato Bob Cham- bers' (for many' ^yoais'bltnmpion bf tho Thames) has over and ovor ngain:sBid;that/G.roon was tho boat mon ho ovor mot, ond with élioh a flottoring testimony to tho abilities of ono of our eraok oorsmon, wo cannot help thinking that Hiokey would hare more than a dooont show vroro lie S pitted against-Sadler. The Utter.'hm taet -iîarry? Kelloy'ioveral time» (ihelasttimesuocessfully), but Kelley when in form has always proved himself to be ttie best man of tho,; two, whdroforo,\wo know that;if Hiokoy taoklod Sudlor'ho would bo only opposing tho third beat mun in England. Surely, when Diok O/roon inado snoli .a good:Dglit1witlii01iBmbors,i'-who-is said to Bo tho 'beît oarsman that over appeared on tho Thamos, Hickey ought also to acquit himself with credit whon matahed against Sadler, who, never had a ghost of a chance willi Chambers, Wo hopo tho frionda of rowing will not allow audi an opportunity to Blip by, and that a determined effort will- bo made to sond Hickey home. We shall bo happy tb publish any letters or communica- tions in aid of that objoct, and hope that Australians will not bo baokward in putting their names down on the subscription lists, -, 