LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. The Boomerang left Sydney A Saturday morning, at half- past eight, with the English mail for Queens land, 'ad the ity of Brisbane eft the same afternoon. Neither vessel, however, hd been heard of laist even ing. Owing to the bad weather on the coast it is to be feared that English letters will not now be delirv ered in Ipswich soon enough to save the course of poet. The Brisbane and Ipewich coaches have now begun to ruu again regularly twit4a day, but tie hours of arrival and departure have been altered, the coach leaving Brisbane pt fire in the morning and two in the afternoon, and Ipswich at six in the morning and two in the afternoon. It was certainly quite time that wp had a plorning coach foom IpswiioB. Aftera few heavy showers on Saturday ereping, thewetherduring the night cleared .up,.and , aine drying west windblew strongly the whole,of. Snnday. The wind yesterday, though less strong, was from the same quarter, and if it were not for tlh ,telegraphio intelligence list night from Sydney, we should feel quite.certain that the rain at last wasall over. . If the present weather lasts, cotton picking will soon be. in, flll.swing. At' length we are glad to be in a position to say tlhst something definite in connection with the North Australian Jockey Club and the approaching annual meeting has been arrived at. A meeting of the mem here of the club was held 'yesterday, at which Mr. J. P. Bell presided. The firt thing considered was the present position of the club, when it was ascertained that about 65mnembers might be caloulated upon to pay up their subscriptions. .A long discussion then ensued relative to the advisability of reducing. the subscription either to £2 2seor l and it weesound to be the opinion of the majority that the-former aum would be the most desirable.; atleast until it could be ascertained what additional suppbrt could be obtained by reducing it to the smaller amount. Eighteen new members .ere enrolled, and it was determined by some sporting men snot members of the club to convene a publi meeting of those interested in racing to see what support could be expected if the fee were further re duced. The election ofoffiers was then proceeded with, and resulted as,follows:-President, Mr. J. P. Bell; vice- president, Mr. A. V. Carpendale; judge, Mr. J. P. Bell.- Stewards- Messri-'R.Little, H. Hooper, J. Johnsfon, ?. Thor iii jiid . H. Elliott. Committee-4essrars.e,litte, J. JIunoi, T. Coulson, G. Thorn juu., E. 'White,-F't owe, 3 .Johnston, H. H. Elliott D. T. Kebgh; ,. Devine and C. Gorry. Mr. Murphy -was onfirmed as-hon. oee. It was subsequently decided that the annual races should be held on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, the 8th, I 9th, and 10th June, the programme to be published at an early date. The proceedings terminated with t e usual vote of thanks to the chairman. The children attached to St. Mary's School were regaled with an annual feast in the school-room on Sunday afternoon, to which about 220 satdown. They were waited upon by some of the parents and friends, including several of the nuns and sisters of mercy. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. Dean Brun, Rev. J. O'Reilly, and several other gentlemen present. The evening wound up with singing and music, the children being the prin?ipal performers. It was stated in our issue of the 10th that Noogoora planlation, on the Brisbane River, was under water. We are happy to hear that only a small portion of it was coverd- the lucerne paddock and a few aores of maise. There are about 140 acres under caltivation above flood-mark. * It does not appear that either of these pries was refused by the'committee on the ground that difficulty would be experieeced iu awarding them, SBergeant Francis reports having in his possession a pair of gold eye.glasses, which were found in the neighbourhood of the police barracks yesterday. The orwner can have them on appliscation. The late wet weather has caused a great falling off in the railway receipts, which, for the week ending on the 12th, are reported as follows: - Passengers, £182 Is. 6d.; parcels, £8 12s. 1Od.; amiscellaneous, £9 4s. Yd.; goods, £525 Is. ld. Total, £676 ds. 10d. During the hearing of a bigamy case recently in the Adelaide Supreme Court, we are told in the Observer that the Chief Justice called the attention of the Crown Solicitor to the very unsatisfactory state of t?be marriage laws. The Act which licensed offoiniating ministers, as it seemed to him, conferred on them no powers to perform marriages. He hoped that some attention would be given to this question, as it was of the utmost importance to the public. (We should think so.--Q. '.) The criminal sittings of tbhe BRckbampton Circuit Court commened on tIle 28th instant. It is said that Western Wood, disgusted at the delay of the Crown in prosecuting him, has taken his departure from Aoustralis.-Courier. BurrPossD Dscov?sr or'H?EBtLICRn' TBACon. On Tuesday night last, about 10 o'clook, a blackfellow (Jimmy Pigott), who has been attempting for e week or two past to discover traces of Herrlich in the scrub near Pereeveranno station, reported to the police that on the previous Friday he came across tracks in the scrub which he believed to have been made by Herrlieh-that he followed them all day, but faeiled i tracking him to his hidinig place. On the following morning (Wednesday) Mrs. Kynoeh, who attends to a dairy at an out-station on Perseverance run, reported that, on Sunday night, the dairy was robbed of about sity pounds weigt of flour and fifteen pounds of butter. She also slated that. her daughter, Kate Ambrose, saew Herrlich during the night with a gun on his shoulder, but was afraid to make it miown sat the time; and that on the previous Thursday 'Kate Ambrose and Jimmy Pigott tracked Herrlibh to Cossaht's shed, about-two miles from Perseverncem station, where they stayed thae night, and that they were both podsitive as to the traoes being thbse of, Herrlich. On Wednesday afternoosn bolstables M'Caffy and Atkinson went oulit for the pmms f effecting his capture, if possible. Mr. Harris, who eame from Warwick yesterday, proceeded to Perse verance last evening to assist them in the searoh. ooZetoomba Chronicle. We understand (says the D. D. Gauette) that Mr. Sub-Inspector Harris has returned to Tooweoomba for the purpose of renewing the search for the murderer of Michael Klein, and that two constables were despatched to Persorerance station yesterday morning with the view of diseovering the truth of Jimmy Piggott's statement respecting the clandestine removal of lour and butter from Kynooh's old dairy. We regret to learn that our worthy Police Magietrate has been completely ignored in every armangement eon nected with the management of the search partieq which have been previously organised; and when we state that the Brisbane authorities have thought proper to. select a number of the metropolitan and suburban police for this pecial service, in prference to the men who are intimately acquainted with the country and capable of idtentifying the murderer at a moment's notice, we cannot be surprised that every previous effort has terminated in the most ussatis factory manner; in fact, the search has hitherto been very little shbort of a burlesque, for we have seen the very men parading our streets who could have ren dared good seerioe in bringing the mnrderertojustice, whilst those who have occupied that position have been wandering "about the crab," without any idea of where they were going or any definite knowledge that would assist them in the capture of the murderer. Under the circumstances, therefore, we cannot depart from the opinion that the affair has been grossly mismanaged from beginning to end, and we shall not be satisted until we have reoesaired a better erplanation of the glaring inbosisteneies that have been brought under our notice duriag the pa_: few days. The Drayton corresponderil cit he fboecomsn Cironeilesays :--At the commenemesit of tbhopresent rain, itwas hailed as'the coimng bfa fiendd.;bt,il-as forthe vantty~oorho~ripee,iihsti ssb~wtogli hpperarnee changed into that ofaseenemy. Fields ofsrn, which the other day bore thapepp ner e of aprsmising crop to the hosbaadmas, are now, threagh the uaneasg wet weather, in a high state pf grmisatiob, ~nd must as a consequenoe dsteriorate?.? value and be?iaserioue loss to our farmers.' PotMa too that en.cr ieady to \- dug out before the weent rsino are takiioglseond growth. It s asgret. Pity. that ever -fine, weather should do any harm. Tho weather for the first twooo tirese days of the week was very wet, cold, and storiy, and tlhaed the creeks and rivertoa grsatheigt. oWedsedy torn ing, however, showed sigans of elearing bt p light showers fell duringthe dy. 'o sy the weather was warmand pleast, e ,aoud but with every appearance of an i gsst. have not, as yet, heerdof any *o 't5anined by any residents, not even on thes river, and although several parties removed their'ehattels from too close a proximity to the Condamine, there has been no rel danger in those spots from the overflow. One good, however, will residlt from the late heavy reins: fresh grasi and "gresidsthff" will be in plenty all the forthcoming winter, which means to.the gra ciereand farmers that stook will be in good, if not in fat condition for some months without the neeessity of stable feeding. Anothbergood will result from the flood; the river, after it has settled a little, will be rendered free from the dense growth .of vegetable matter and general conglomeration of filth and conse quent animaclee which have, for many months past, deSled the water we have been compelled to drink. During the whole of yesterday a llghthain fo~l Wborswk deRzminsr, Marsh 19. We learn thathineetheshearingses ontlhtm cb been acontinual stream ofable-bodied, stalwart men making their way on foot across the borders to New floath Wales. Thisnno doubt, is onlywihat is to be expeetet after shearing time, and their absence could boeooked uponas only temporary. But wehe bsr'tataoinat. those who have thas year turnediheir bascl oa'Q?sis?-. land ore .ppparentIy otbhers besides bushmeno an shearers ; many are artisans and skilled wormen, whose services would likelybe l vaiuabl6 in a young community if' there were only work .for: them to do Thse, ldatter anathematise te oloPnsot a: little, da-) elaring they will not set fopt in it again.-JVesareik Z.ramin?enr. The ventriloquist whp. has created so muh excite ment in Brisbane lately has, it is kepoeted, arrived in Dalby, where he has been bxhibiting is powers to the no little astonishment ofeieral of our twnspeople. The first eeneation was startedon Wednesday night by an alarm being raised near Ford's of a man drowning in the creek,.whioh has been flooded since Sunday. Ofo course there was an:immediate ~vish to that part of the creek from whence the ories appeared to hroceed, one of the woult-bsnresonere utting down a clothe-line to thro? to .the drowping man, the clothabe, which were hung out, being draggled in the mud and soiled. There were no signs of any one being in the water, however, but the voiee.eproached "s men who had run down for their want of pluck in not jumping into the oreek, and was par tinularly severein abusing the man with the olothes line. Later in the night the owneir of the voice created a sensation near Bruntoborst'e by calling out that a horse had .run away and a man was in imminent danger of being idled; He is .reported to have led the people in the hotels a pretty dane, in duaing them to take a run through the mud some distanoe over the plain. After getting them nearly to the race, the eoice bid the people good night, telling them to go home, as he was all right. It appears that the individual who plays these tricks has ome from New South Wales toby sheep in this colony, and that he took his departure lenee early on Thursday morning. His being compelled to leaves after giving only one night's performance is much to be regretted, inasmuch as a change of programme weas in contemplation for the following evening, the lead ing character to be still assumed by the illustrins stranger. It was resolved by tihe persons hoeaed that on the first signal being given for tbhe performauce to begin again they would seize thie jester, and after carrying him on to the bridge, toss him over into the middle of the stream, and lethim get out the best way he aould. His hasty departure frustrated this excel lent design, but hopes are entertained that he will visit Dalby again.-Dalb3 Herald. Information has reached town of a dastardly out rage which was committed some days since on the Cape River road, between Homestead and the OCam paspe. It appears that a carrier named Barsren was I camped with his horse team in the neighbourhood of i the Cempaspe, and that one morning swhen searehing for his horses he found that four of the bet of tah tiam had been shot, and were lying dead where they i had been grazing. 'The police were applied to, and a parson suspected of committing the foul act is now in stody at the Cape River lok- up.-Clerebaed By Eqffesom, The new customs, post, and telegraph oioose at Gladstone are now completed, and the contractnoers ae only waiting to hand over the building to a duly authorled Government offier. The custome depart meat occupies the centre ofthe building, consisting of one Isarge publio room, fitted with counters, desks, &o;, anda siubeollector's rowe at the rear. In the backeto the left wing is an spartment to be sneed as store:room. The right wing id apportioned to the polt-oice, and consiste of a fine large room in front for sorting, delivering, and post-office business proper. At the back is a room to be devoted to the Savings Bank and money order branches, fitted with conaters, desks, and screens. The front room of the left wing is reserved for the telegraph ofice, being appropriately qited, and apparentlywell adapted forallthat will be required. The cellerage will bessed a a'eboendeid store for the customs department. Of the manner in which the whole work has been exeuiteai by the contractors it is impossible to speak stlhberwle than in terms of the highest commendatioi.' .Th heavy stone used in the foundations, and for steps, aroheis, heartbhstones, and window siilles of a most superior deseription, quite equal to Portland atone, and was obtained from Pleing Island, in Port Ourtis harbour. The remainder,a fine-grained, beantifully. marked freestone, was obtained from a gqe~esaboet one mile from Gladstone, opened by Mr; W. I. Bobertson. The lime weas also obtained from the - same gentleman's quarry on the &lliope; River. The cedar used in the fittings and for the dooisatd as-'?s was mostly obtained from the scrbs on the3Bos e, and that portion which has not been hiddenby peIlit presents a handsome appearance. The doorsthneg all opening on to wide and well bshaded eranda have been painted on the outside, and it is nottl.l the visitor gsets inside that the beauty c tleejnran of the wood can be perceived. The design ottle pa mental parts of the fittings is mean sand.PLiesd not worthy of the exlellent workmashipsth t ?sre Hey and Day bars, eoiplp~y* .~his bulildingIsr pap of the best and obeapest heer erste~ictdntiescony. 'having cost a trifle over £1000. All o.nrbib 'e now concentBlhed in thbbesines'prt oftbomrn, Sexcept the Court-hotone and land- agens of rhich are placed alone 'in their glory bout i mile lm the town, in that uninhabited rgp, the Villey"tW trest the inhabitants will notst till the bC is removed to itse.or·ner site on Aoeklnd-bhillM Gladletoe Oberser. . ii r iv7f, ??1 The Westwood 'oaDrepondent : 'the fDPeSet lree, writing on thbe"Oth' lant,'i?.?y$-?L Minister for Wors, with Mesilteekind Uj tbj;"t arrired by spoeialtmi et i. trin ramoepsing aof dintely proceeded towaids the Ddw~ onjhossujik It appears the oldline already ,senrr? .oramnwayn'. purpoes presents numerous obstaeles for thecontes·, plated extension, and hence I believe the objetofothbs hon.gentleman is to aserteinif, 'better parto the country cannot be passed through that willdoawey with the expensive cuttings, &c; 'lt woElA)_i? be made on the present uauneyd , lin. . ,4Me Is tremely happy that it has fallen to my lotte0cnsicle the above f&?ro, a it showsn that something osl a .b I be done that will be the. means of-pmft, not only to the lovernmenut, but .Wiswi greay tt-?te .eil geoeralty, who deepascd of seeipgantinle There csan be no doubt tbpt untiltihe etaliy ,nlue extended to the Dawson-theeseut slwaqeULeit it pay, but onoe thesteas .nhies i? eerodil t.. e of the Dawson, profit will.mine to the O --?ogww and the publio generally... . -...' q". Mr. Maalister b.has bee. here for the last .--r ' The railway line hs een examined, a sorrj-pr - new routs near logsng Cfreek made,pnd ·haregBoneasbont~t~~ai Mboi~)asiter fen i puing the line to tie Mackene wt Vision of osa rkm on )he i payments, and psopgy ropganto'be , of the toekbaiptbou slshjepkiepomer, en ardour for sepration udio Incline men to bo the voiaesntte chsrntebrv Hecela 'aoi luiat tag held out to the ohii s toltit'slip and rejeotsl~tbnbnsy in every waeek, for a es would bring ..lhaadd at rtthoegit' .e e l$t~a-t theukh iitiBt migt boie~t ??t is the position; an now'hbw lth u lpeople hehare befrtelhisl eordtsijtatlnet wensuv theirpoitiesl pledgenui e ts 'Politiealapostaeyis of daily' bns....ii mad a were no honester than our noeigebboMeares, ueb??s blush for .aoepting he he goods the godsenn o." the raiu? ofttsea perey, thebnlsesld in all branhhbs of trade, the present Goreremeatleb destermined to stake their existeno grt qestlo,. nut the. lietenoe of qPs, raising ailway loan to ettehf the line nra to Boms, and the northern line toths Dn Menokeuies. The proeet is msd oe th i state sf tbe colon mnstlead to ment; butthes e wbowatfernehwqmollp ul appreent dslirerance, adsisu tin& heresistoeth We say the people of Roehan~tpboure her prinoiple of lonsur to held onto thei . onu and turn neither? to -the right nor theo ' the object thpy biare set themaeslves to aeo Let the South make' itn ddp nd at bs n soot. Let Roekimton, 9leruiisntsd Bisreuw , make their own i'rallw"st' ,bnobatIth o f Meckey, Sowen, 'Townerlile, 9edklyed,. and stbpe.; it from telih to hsleiqns cosrg, then, ito 'renew. or raitasloan. TPheue4 q us: let them do soi weIJr04nme y 'them in time wbhat it is.Or pre the mes for a month, and witha riepara tlon on its way hoine, and a? division ~of. the colony inevitable, we question whether thq ue*ern would be looked at on the Stolek Erhanga Ts Jo a dea perate resource, but it is bttdr to acti than e"t the colony plunged intol deper y bniplb te af cx ,travagance of thes men habw IaPn p· .rr.-eit Bo'cta.. a -n . *.h.' .hle o .n ' ein M.e. ntlaoi.o ghos seeing, o othr i.eal plaunn _were related t 'iotekrda tyonelhs bin s hers ithlthsie hifi the narrator apptoear t be'pr tl atisp of the.. entoild ccurienne? '¶t'djsjes't h at 'wGd fsai who takes'under hioewpebiaIesp oisontheIlone st~rebbokeo'r sh ad his attentio'ore, tre tbod et? o'lock at night, whilhe on~hd bebt~tli get s --e man dtresedi 'iaobla .kifiiaj'a 'etflld'i odb6oifeh eshoulders, with which be epairndd ctthid et' n whose childas lyegding ~d eroosljlyl-t The wet el ti surprised that a burial wss nontempltted at tin. usual hour, followed ;tht'ebobff.benret inti thet ,b,~ and asing no other oeonpants ares the man O le sick. ohild/ asked him, rhj hbe libsbh thittsr fir' 'the interment , to whioh belmade the reply of maychil isn't.trisd, thank God!" 'But ,ald tes watehman, "Didn't I see you bring in a:soUn ?e. lminites aont Moa erthelnly nhe ·"atie?re:'y. "Well, theln, I certainly followed .youatin theBo6 with ooe, I-can swear!" Howesr,?themv& peesteids ien his deniel "that he had not been oethstte bbnbe at alr and had been watoeing his- ohildthe 'ihple . evening, and never left it for o momentr""'Usie n. which the watchmah-ls'aft perfctlystlhfisei l"t seen a ghost, and believes eo till.h One. ste?ea 'ture in the matter is, that the hild died the following night.-- Nortlyon eres ' . ' The cptre o a sing?lar animal is reported by. boshman recentlyg engaged in xtplorin he belt of limestone country at the head of the tier River. Whiles camped in a btasin at the mouth oIdti e siagolur eares hollowed out i he' nstnal formaftion bytee action of the weather, Iis attention wss attracted by the singular and gigantic trcks-leading from the u land passes to te marginl oT th river. Onrliosity le him towkeep aerrotluiggts' watch oby what seemed to ,be a wellibeaten path, and by the aid of a tbreequsi-. tr moon he weas enabled to obsersa heavy mespasm him, apparently on the road to irts.nipghtlytd i ground. The height of the animal is deitibed that of an arelpgo horse at its wither; it fIor oad gait not ulike thait of the nyighean; and the note uttered " species of heavy snuing, as if suffering from a severe cold. A shot fired at a distanoe of sixtyter threnty yards truck with a heavy thud, but appatently did little save exlort a shrill groan and acelerate tbep.ace f thi strange mammael. On the following mornin, however, gouts of blood were noticed on the trait( and eta distance of some three.qsarerto of a mrg - 4rom where the shot was fired the body of the creature as found at the nbse of a preelmpitoenliff ' orerhangig ths rier. Whethr death re ilted from the bullet or was caused cy the precipitation of th ' animal from on great a height in its friglht couldsot : be esertained, ns the spot where the brutebed fallen wres iace,,ible. For the ame reson bhula .orses view of the body could be Obtained, by whithait appeared to be coated with a s haqig?. coveting e? reddishbmwon hair, the hread being detZtute of horL. or ears, acd the feet terminated in latwsssformidable sepike snils. More defnite information is required toe oux to this discovery its true jodstin in the fauna of daetrslia."-Ctefeeend Rap Lrjerccc 