; MISCELLANEOUS. ^ -The Unemployed in Melbourne. — -fieferring to a meeting of the unem ployed held in Melbourne on Wednesday last the Australasian says: — 'A few t iweeks baok when a meetiug of the un employed was held in Adelaide, we pointed out the singular fact that, both there and in Sydney, such demon strations were made just before the \- I departure of the mail. And now in this city, we have a demonstration of iVyC mmii IrlnJ rt-rtf tin o fotir A-LTf o liofnrfl HUO OOUir niuu the dispatch of the June mail ; and, .Atrange to say, one of the prominent promoters of the movement in Adelaide was also one of the principal speakers '- at the meeting held at the Polytechnic hall on Monday afternoon. We con gratulate him on the circumstance that ? want of employment did not deprive him of .the means of paying his passage that city to this. That there are a good » : 'many' persons out of employment in this city and its suburbs, we have 110 dotibt. 'It iB mid-winter, and, therefore the dead season of the year. A long oontinuanoe of wet weather has com pelled' the temporary suspension of .buildins operations, and it is well ^fcnown that people who are ' on the \- wallaby' all the summer flock into ; -Melbpticne when the winter rains set in. The collapseaof mining speculation on Ballarat has also tended to increase the i V number of the tinemployed ; but neither ' the aspect nor the department who filled the s Polytechnic-hall on Monday last denoted anything like distress. Nine-tenths of them were evidently .S^ell fe&%elt-clad, comfortably looking persons, wlio received every .allusion to c : thbir alleged destitution 'with the utmost hilarity, and applauded every statement relaftng to the selfishness and tyranny i iJtrf- tfie*rupper crustM,a,nd the 'insol- ? Ven^ of the colony, as though it were ift capitat joke. In fact gaiety was the .prevailing sentiment in the body of the meeting. 7 But in the speeches of the wa'toirs^here is & conspicuous omission , ofa all mention of the duty of frugality forethought, on the part of the operative .fdasses; while employment is brisk and ate Jiigh.; The importance of inMai^'%dme ' pilovfeion for a rainy day, flnring La- period of sunshine and prospejity, seemed to have quite escaped of tbe Speakers/ When ., emplpjninent is siack and trade is dull a /OTfwhen j wages rise to such a height that i pruddnt C1men refrain from building, fencing; ,or cultivating, then, according wrttie wbirnng lights of the Polytechnic, it iti incumbent upon the Government to large sums of money upon the execution of public works, and to ' increase ihe iiscal hardens ,of the whole ^ionimuhity, in 6rdeirtoi~ptdvid.e con fi^tloobupatiob for 'a particular class. whbbi business ' i& always upon the Go ,..-wenimentpr-mding'themwith increased '^j(rtisfcoHl6r8.,,, There was, -however, one : io^gestion inaie at .the meet for the establishment \- labor /bureaux in Melbourne and \- ^throughout ttie colony. Let a few gen uine working men take this matter in fcand^ yAnd; invite.' the co-operation of persoh/^ith' means and leisure, and we im^L^^takejtOjSay the, invitation will i be^pcomptiy responded to, and will lead juonaon telegrams received oy tne ueyion Observer, t wa^Rttssia, ^give ' Norther par ticiilIM Ii«spo-Amg -^flie mflissjicre of the e3M$h' teJfri^tse by. Greek img^bas. lOffipial correspondence onthesubject has ^ beta' 'ipiAHshed, . lint . | no - ' satisfactory evidence has been ,obtainedl( as to the Immediate cause of ihe . collision with the troops. Mr. Herbert received five stabs ; Mr»~-! Lloyd,1 three wounds by sword and onej^m wound. TMrrVynerwas evidently mStwhile ratmlngVlie received one gun-' shot wound. Mr. Boyle received two wotmdsr The -Greek. Government had presenleUei,d00 Veiling to the widow! of Mr. Lloyd. The Greeks in London ^taci^bing ' very liberally for the ^iMly.' The entire English press was londly demanding satisfaction for the: mtm^rs. Vienna papers assert that being^ ^^^i^l?^ietween the protecting ; Cabinets, Mp7 Jhat it was; Jikely to be t jB^i international question. ; Both i Sirsnoe and fiqssiawere unfavourable to i a d^monsti^tion against Greece, and th6^ht nm\\)li^tranoe sufficient. Addi tiona! Greek correspondence gave the evidin^iof ' thB ^ragornah who accom panied the tonristsr Mr. , JErskine ex pressed hisbHief thiat Gplonei Theagomo, ^ho.%j^«eht tonegotiate fwi^ti ^he bn gands, l^^cltQ usebomtnliatoiy measures, and ^ieared Chiefly intent on sur rounding 'the hand of brigands with a m3itn$r ,indlib.v jjoid Olsbendon, in aCknowM^ng a letter expressing and i^tifcisMgr the jgr^t .grief of the Gr^ek G^rrameiit.and the Eing, aud that the best proofro&their; sorrow would be ra.. investigation regardless of persons, and tirgM the present opportuneness for the thorough repression of brigandage. There would be a sense of satis&ction; if the fate ofhis countrymen would serve to .in^ppove , the . condition of Greece. AsiamBZ telegram in the same journal rnftVfw it appear^that the brigands, or at imt pome of them, had been captured, which conflicts with the tenor of the zfie^≥ fiiwarded by our own corres pb'ndent. '^t, is as follows ' London, llth jUfey.— In the House of Commons last night, the Government declared that instructions had been sent to Mr. Ersldne to request the Greek Govern ment jbo suspend the execution of the brigands tlntxl inquiry had been satis faotorily completed relative to the mas sacre of the Englishmen.' A further telegram of the same date has the fol lowin^, with respect to Dr. Livingstone: — Sir Boderic Mnrchison believes that Dr. Livingstone is at Ujiji, and stopped there fromwantof provisions andmeans The Govieirnment has consented to pro vi^ meaus to help him from Zanzi bar// * We- learn from the same source j that in Spain the Progressionists had ] adc^ited a eandidaiure of S. Espartero. Auttraijman. The last thing out in American Sectarianism. — Great religious excite ment exists in Macupin, twelve miles from Paterson. A new rsligioup society, called ' Jehovah's Band,' has been started, supplanting a favo.urite static® of the Methodist Cburch. The Metho dists sent their best preachers to com bat the heresy, but they were repudiated. Each in turn is forced to leave. The peculiar form of worship developes itself in puffing, blowing, whistling, shouting, jumping, wrestling, felling to the floor, 'and rolling over and kicking. Both women and men engage in the exercises, Baptism is by immersion in the village mill-pond at the dead hour of night. On Sunday they hold con tinuous service, and take a recess for meals only, refusing to read a news paper, or even to receive a letter on that day. Every Thursday evening j.1 ? 4-^AiM-manfinnrc 1Tl fill A fiP.hofll tUcy Iltsiu uucu — ? — house, until a difficulty about the candles used led them to leave it, and now they meet in any house in the neighbourhood where the spirit mani fests itself. John Rhiuesmith, a wealthy aud well-to-do farmer of the neighbourhood, is the chief man of the band, and recently had his house re built especially to accommodate the brethren ; one room resting on strong beams, it stands the jumping; but about a month ago an ardent member, in a paroxysm of fanatism, declared that when filled by the Holy Ghost he felt as light as air, and even though they jumped upon a looking-glass they would not so much as bruise it with a scratch ; whereupon he began to leap upon the stove-Hearth and broke it off, and then leaping on the top broke in the frail covers, and finally smashed a big rocking-chair before he subsided. Recently Rhinesmith baptized Gilbert B. Speaker, a man of family and a con vert to the new faith, the baptism taking place m Rhinesmitn s miu-pona, oeiore the members of the band, amid shouts and cries, the whole gang at one time shouted ' fire,' to the alarm of others in the neighbourhood, it being then after midnight. One of the band told a reporter that when he was at work in his barn he got the spirit, and that he ran one mile over ditches and fences before the spirit left him, and all this time he !waB elated and he thought he was flying. When jumping in ecstacy of the Holy Ghost they say their spirits .rise above their bodies. They permit no person, excepting those belonging^ to the band, to join with them in singing or juinping, or any other of their exercises, although no objection is made i' 'il- - ? 2 ? nt rmfoirlprs n,t the 10 w utbBUuaiibc ? ? — meetings of the band. A dozen 'win have the floor at once, pounding and kicking, and the whole crowd seems worked up to a fearful state of excite ment — some jumping until they fall, the women shrieking in the wildest manner, and others praying, whistling, or puffing, as for a wager. They per mit no levity on tbe part of the young folks during their proceedings. Mr. Cobb, one of the band, is thought to be growing insane under the excitement of this religious frensy, There is no doubt that the members of the band are sincere enthusiasts. The society now numbers over 600 members. — New^ York Telegram . to the Cincinnati Commercial. Another Moon for the Earth. The Mining Press says:— a wrman scientist has recently created considera ble sensation by the publication of a pamphlet, in which he takes the ground that the zodiacal light proceeds from a gaseous ring surrounding the earth at a. distance of only a few thousand miles from its surface. This gas, he thinks, is in a state of quiet combustion, but is now. fast cooling off, and, as a conse quence, will soon soon burst and aggre gate into a globular mass, and form a second moon for the earth, inside the orbit of our present luminary. His idea is founded on the now generally re ceived theory that all the planets and moons have been formed in that man ner ? Shocking Murder. — We ( Cornwall Chronicle ) have received brief particu lars of another brutal murder, which was perpetrated on Thursday morning, near Westbury. It appears that a man named Burton was employed by Mr. MnTin.pTtn.Ti in cutting timber on a piece of land rented by an elderly man, named Connolly, eighty-five years of age. We are not aware whether Mr. Monaghan intended to eject Connolly and replace him by Burton as a tenant, but, from what followed, this appears to have been the position of affairs for old Connolly, watching his opportunity, crept up to Burton, and striking him down with an axe, butchered -him with the same weapon. Connolly was soon after apprehended by the Westbury police, and confessed to having killed Bnrton^and gave the reason why, which, however, has not reached us in detail. Tbe business of supplying cattle to New York is said to be rapidly concent ating in the bands of a few wealthy graziers, who have been making enormous profits of late years. The total number of live cattle in New York market last year was 324,716 ; and of that large number no less than 168,433 were from Illinous — nearly tworthirds of . tbe whole supply. One largo grazier, who has a farm of 34,000 acres in Illinois, sent 56,837 bead of cattle to New York market last year. A few dealers of the same class could easily contrive to keep prices from falling below such a rate as they would deem remunerative — a point upon which the meat growers and the meat cosumers do not always agree. Tbe growing tendency towards the adoption of a 'monster farm' system, far exceeding anything in this country, is beginning to alarm American political economists, wbo are naturally afraid that large farms will gradually develope into large estates, which may actually be continued in families for ages, unless some means are taken to prevent Ihe growth of such landed interest in tbe land of freedom and equality. Some American millionnaires, we are told, are trying to accomplish this result ' by willing tjieir property in trusteeship for. their youngest living grandchildren, who are expected to transmit tbe estates, with ac cumulations, dwu to their grandchildren ? in a similar way.' Affair of the. .English Ladies; — The expulsion of three English ladies from Rome has been going the round of the English papers, accompanied by not a few of the usual comments and mis representations. Jhe facts, as far as we yet know, are as follows : — The steps taken by Mr. Odo Russell and Mr. Levern to obtain the reversal of the decision were of no avail, inasmuch as positive proofs of a treasonable corres pondence with the agents of the Maz zinian party having been carried on by the family in question were in the hands of his Holiness himself, to whom they had apparently been sent from Paris. The Univers, however, states that ' an archbishop and a diplomat' had made further intercession for them, and what is certain is, that the ladies, before they reached the frontiers, received permis sion to return. It may be that it has been thought possible that the defence set up, namely, that the maid was the only person really implicated, is true. Intelligence has been communicated to fGipps Land Mercury,' which that journal says ' may prove of great importance to a large portion of Gipps Land. So vast have been tbe floods in the Snowy River and its tributaries that they have forced a straight channel to tbe sea. When the Snowy Riverapproaches the sea very closely 1 it formerly deviated in a due easterly direction^ and after running parallel with the coast for some miles, it entered the sea at Point Ricardo. All that is now ; al ered ; the river has forced a straight passage to tbe sea, about half a mile wide and very deep. At present there is no appearance of bar or breakers. Mabavilia Cocoa. — For Breakfast. — The Gljthp. aavs ? — ' Varions inmorters and manu facturers have attempted to attain a reputa tion for their prepared Cocoas, but we doubt whether any thorough success had been achieved until Messrs. Taylor Brothers dis covered the extraordinary Qualities of ' Mara. villa* Cocoa. Adapting their perfect system of preparation to this finest of all species of tbe Theobroma they have *produced an article which superse 'es . every other Cocoa in the market. Sntire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the pnrest ele ments of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For homoeopaths and invalids we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage:' Sold in packets, only by all Grocers, of whom also may be had Taylor Brothers' Original Homoe opathic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate. Steam Mills — Brick Lane, London 