|To THE I1UI.K OK FAITir. Thirdly. — Falsifying the Scriptures. — This act, , alike perilous and iriipious, they have done for reasons, of .course, sufficient to impel them to a deed so full of crime and' danger. They have, in this great thing of God, done that which, had it referred to the affairs, of men, would have branded them with infamy, and in some ages and in many lands cost'them their liberty, their country, or their lives ! Is the allegation disputed '! We shall prove it. It is probable our readers were not prepared for the facts we shall allege ; since the wickedness im plied is all but incredible. Nor is it in small matters, but in things most intimately affecting the lives of men, and the kingdom of God that' it is displayed. For instance, the word " Re- pontanco," the first stop in flight from the ; wrath to come, is actually translated "Penance.'' In Jobxlii. 6, for "example, " Therefore I repent myself and do penance in dust and ashes agaiii, in Ezekiel xviii. 21, if the wicked do pen ance for his sins which he hath committed," and so on ; and again, in 1 Kings viii. 47; " If they do penance.' in their J heart, in the place of r their captivity again,? iri Mathew iv. 17," " Do pen ance, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand;'' and again, in.; Acts. xxyi.. 20, where the .matter is brought forward -with such solemnity by the Apostle, as the first lesson lie had to communi cate to the " Gentifes, :we , have,, .." That tlioy : should do pendiicc, and turn to . God, domg works worthy ot penance." Thus, then, that the unscriptural, pernicious, and delusive doctriues_/of '.'penance may be ap-' parently. sustained, by, Scripture, the. Word, of , God is wholly1 perverted,' ahd.a something put in the place of repentance which lias no rela tion whatever to it ! - ''This doing of penance is actually put hi the place of-tlie -righteousness: of Christ, and lionce, ;.the'; gloss .'off .that .important Scripture, ""Blessed are they ivhose iniquities are forgiven, f whose sins are Covered," runs; thus : '."Blessed are.thoy who? 61/ 'doing 'penance, ' liave obtained. pardoiir and remission.. of-. - .their sins, and arcalso'coverecl that- is newly clothed .with the liabit of grace, and vested with the stole" of charity" ' 1 -But; the' matter cnds'.iiot lierc. ' The very commandments . have been tampered with, For . example, , Butler's, Catechism,' used among the poor Irish, reduces the whole oftlie' commandments to a few words ; and the : spelling- book, used 111 the Italian schools, thus presents the Fourth Command ment : "Remember to 'kccp holy the days of 'Festival." An earlier' yersion of the Scriptures was thus "rendered, tliat.it' might support the Mass. The words; -'Acts. - xjii;' 2; 1 ". As . they , ministered to the': : Lord, and : fasted, " are trans lated, " As they offered to the Lord the sacri fice of tlie Mass; and; fasted." .Tradition is thus supported : l.Cor..xi.'!2 is rendered,,." d'hc faith which has been biico 'giyen to tlie saints by tra dition and to give sanction to the seven sacraments, and- 'especially to make a sacrament of marriage (1 Cor. vii. , t10),.is translated, " Do not join yovays»jifleniUAof,gh(ir.riage- with unbelieyers." , A, siindai- rendering lias been . employed to sustain hiiinaii; merit'.'" Holi. xiii. 1 II ic vmvrlm'nrl - Wp. nlifrnn Dinvi t. f.miutv/Ja 'Clrt/1 itself lias'' had a helping" liand frbiii the pen :ofuthe false, translator : 1 Cor." iii. 15 is thus rendered, ' ' He himself shaU he.savedl'yet hi all cases .as by the. fire'dfpurgatortj."n.y?crm iglit go.tiirtiier,. .but surely this may suffice to illustrate tlie. liberties which have been taken with the Word of God. The0f»ixB"?Hhmi£ is clc&r; 'boyoncl reasonable 'dis-' puto. Will, it find |hj any maiii . of sense, an apology ? K-.sp,yyeshalLsui)i>ly- tbe:.;'ai)pplogist with another consideration;-! by ; giving him to understand, that, .: Fourthly. — Tlief: Popish, .Priesthood have de stroyed the Word ofir.G.od;-"Doea the reader shudder at sucli'i'an:allegatioii.?X' He,:well may ; Ireland, on 't&e; Continent" .Europe, niicl wliere-' ever Popery has had! a foundation, history most abundantly testifies -to the trutli of tliis , di-eadfuliabt; ' "The Popish' pnehtr 'ahd fee! .tliat/tiieir system' is'noV brily not;.;baa<icl upoHjthe'Word pf iCrodj . but iitterly.: opposed- to: it. " They, iliiiye': most nothing is ' wanted hut the power to. remove that: Word entirely 'from the face of ' the' cfiftli;' ""Tile '' spirit of Popery' and the spirit of, the,/ Bible are as opposite-as light and darkness ; aiul thiis at is» with- the ride of faith. . The Spirit of God' speaks' in the Bible, and: the spirit of Popery - in triG dition, and their distinctive utterances it is im- possible to Harmonise; rue x>ioie-uuiners 01 Popery-' atid: the "living temples of' tlie. -Holy: \- Ghost, are as diverse tbp one from the other as truth and faiseliobd', 'aif'..jclpygs'; .Etfjnri in Canada,. Bible-bufnuig pas&mc;! " tfiibappy iWhtiid! 'hasii eybryyffi and3 ftir ;iiges,: been 1 signalized by if.''-' Sodato- as thei-beginiiing: of l&»>tt<mtyrtQ;.ii.;.fWOr. burned in the strcdt"of-.V '-'ciiief ' ''tp"ditoiltedhl of spectators dancing, , and ; yelling ,, |Pf!®und the fire, while the priest sat at.thp. SyhHH,.0 a house, illumined for the .occasion, drinking his wine,- and evidently enjoying- the horrible scene. Within ft: few "days, of:rthe::.tirae at jwMchyy e wrij;e, the priests of Italy.buriied largp qiiairtjtu 8 of the Word of God. ,We suhmit tp ,all:!.meii ! of sense that this single 'point— the light ' hi/; lyhicli Popery vicAvs, and the treatment which it offers to tlie Word of God— ought to he decisive of tlio whole question. They are shut up to 011c of two conclusions — either Popery is not pf God or tlio Bible is not of God ; and with this fact he- fore tiiein, tlicy arc to make their choice. If, however, Popery he not of God ; it must he of the Wicked One. This inference there is no re sitting ; and its importance is all tlie greater, because it serves to explain a system otherwise inexplicable — a system, every part of which militates against the glory of God, and tlio best interests, both for time and eternity, of his creatures. ,. 