EJECTED BV A G HOST. I had taken inv chambers in (rfayVmn- . pquare, aud was inclined to like them. They vrerc on the sccond floor, and consisted of three rooms. The door on the landing opened 011 to a narrow passage, at the end of which, oil the right, was the door of the sitting-room, the three windows of which looked on to a dingy green expanse, where stood a few gaunt London trees. In one corner of the sitting-room was a door leading into the bedrooui, which communicated with a dressingroom. This dressing-room had a door leading into the end of the passage, to the left of the main entrance from the lauding. Thus I could make the complete circuit of my premises—from the sittingroom, through the bed and dressingrooms into the passage, and through the passage into the sitting-room again. I am anxious to be understood on this point, as a realisation of the topography •of the place is necessary for the comprehension of the incidents I have to relate. I will premise by assuring my reader that at the time of which I am speaking I was in thorough physical health. As is the case with most sucking barristers, I rather prided myself on cultivating a habit of mind that should not permit me to be unduly impressed by causes unwarranted by calm reflection. I had been aeenstomed to a sedentary, to some extent a solitary, life, and in moving to Gray'sinn-square had determined to apply myself unremittingly to legal studies. My new chambers had been unoccupied for some months, and after making sure that they had been well cleaned and scrubbed, I sent in my furniture, and took possession. It was on a chill dark October evening, that, after dining at an accustomed eating-house, I wended my way to my new quarters. I shall never forget that evening; there wag a heavy clammy feeling in the air of the streets; and as I turned into the dreary square the air seemed heavier and clammier. On arriving at my chambers I found the deaf epirit-sodden old creature who had attached herself to me as laundress and charwoman in the act of setting out the tea-things. The lamp was lighted, and a bright firo burned in the grate. On my coming in, the old woman mumbled a few words, the meaning of which I did not catch; however, well pleased with the air of comfort she had imparted to the place, I wished her a cheery good- night as she went out. Having closed and locked the outer door, I returned down the passage into the sitting-room. I can perfectly call to mind its appearance on that night. The polished furniture was gleaming and glistening in the light, the windows were veiled by thick curtains, and the door leading into the bedroom stool ajar. I congratulated myself on my possessions, and having poured myself out a cup of tea, and lighted my pipe, settled myself with a volume of Hallam in an arm-chair by the fire. I had been reading for some tune, my attention had somewhat wandered to a vague sleepy consideration of matters not strictly relevant to constitutional history, when I became aware of a strange, all-pervading sensation of cold. The sensation was so sudden, so acute, that I rose from my chair shivering, in the expectation of finding one of the windows open. But no; they were all closed and fastened. Through the panes I could discern the gaunt branches of the trees, unstirred by any gust of wind. On glancing round the room, I noticed the flame of the lamp, which, though somewhat dim, did not flicker or seem agitated by the icy stream of air which chilled me to the bones. The bedroomdoor, as I have mentioned, was ajar; and thinking the draught might proceed from one of the inner rooms, I lighted a candle with the intention of looking through them. But the instant I entered the bedroom the candle went out; not suddenly, as from a current of air, but quietly, instantaneously, as though it had been introduced into an atmosphere of carbonicacid gas. At the same moment the sensation of cold again came over me with ten times greater intensify than before. The gaslight in the square shone feebly into the rooms, and I was able to find my way through them into the passage, and back into the sitting-room. My sen- sations appeared to me somewhat unaccountable ; but attributing them to some draught, of which I could ascertain the cause in the morning, I closed the doors and resumed my place by the fire. After a little while I fell again into my interrupted train of dreamy thought, and gradually fell asleep. Now, before proceeding further, I may state that I had never been a victim of nervous fancies. Nothing had ever occurred to me bearing in the remotest way on the events I am about to relate— events so utterly inexplicable by natural causes, and yet so fantastically real, that even after a lapse of many years I call them to mind with a shudder of horror. I remember, as though it were yesterday, the appearance of the room as I mused lazily in my arm-chair before going to sleep. The sound of an organ, which was playing in some neighboring street, came to me fitfully, at times seeming to be almost close to me, at times, again, seeming to proceed from some great distance. The fire had burned low, occasionally cracking and ticking; the lamp, as I have mentioned, was burning dimly, and a large portion of the room was in deep shadow, I do nit know how long I had slept, when I became conscious of my own being. I cannot say that I awakened; for though all my mental faculties were struggling painfully into life, my vital action seemed suspended, and I was unable to move hand or foot. A cold perspiration burst from all my pores as I made tremendous but vain efforts to shake ffo tlie incubus that was upon me. My feeling was not one of impotence—it was as though I had been frozen into a solid block of ice. I endea- vored to call out; I had no power over my voice, and could not utter a sound. But as I gasped and panted, there stole into my nostrils a deadly, terrible, overpowering stenchj Unmistakable in its penetrating sickliness to 1110 who had frequented hospitals. It was the dread odour of decomposing mortality that was suffocating me aa I sat. I felt that I must break the spell, or die. With one terrific exertion that strained every nerve and musclc, I burst from the chair, and fell cowcriug on my knees before the fire. The lamp had gone out, a faint gleam from the fire afforded the only light in the room. I relighted the lamp, and having swallowed a glass of brandy, endeavored to collect my thoughts. My first idea was that a dead body must be somewhere concealed in the room. The hideous odour still clung to my nostrils, and the absurdity of such a supposition did not strike me. I searched the room, but of course found nothing ; though to my astonishment, the bedroom door, which I had carefully closed, was wide open. As I advanced towards it with the intention of shutting it again, my lamp was extinguished in the same unaccountable manner as before; I locked it, howover, securely, and again struck a light. By this time I had sufficiently recovered to endeavor to reconcile my sensations to natural causes,orat any rate to a formidable attack of nightmare: I lighted my pipe, in the hope of neutralising the terrible stench that still pervaded the room. Leaning on the mantelpiece, I actually smiled at beholding my own pale scaredlooking face in the mirror. As I looked, suddenly every pulse in my body stood still. I beheld the reflection of the bedroom door, which gradually, noiselessly, opened of itself. I tried to command myself, and turned round towards the door. The same intense thrill of cold, but not a soul was there. I considered for an instant, and cross-examined myself as to my own condition. It was evident that my nerves were completely unstrung, and I decided, as I saw reflected in the looking-glass my own ghastly-looking face, that I was not in a condition to investigate the matter any further for that night. A dread was upon me that I could not shako off; so, hastily putting on my greatcoat and hat, I hurried out of the room, through the passage, found myself on the landing with a sigli of relief, and locking the outer door, walked to the rooms of a friend who lived in the neighborhood. S—, who was reading for the Indian Civil Service, was glad to see me, and offered me a shake-down for the night. I informed him at once of the cause of my ignominious flight from my own rooms. My experiences had been too unmistakably real for me to dread ridicule in the relation of them. So, confessing unreservedly that I had been almost frightened out of my wits, I sat patiently enough as he endeavored to prove satisfactorily that my sensations were entirely due to nerves or indigestion. Before retiring to rest, however, we agreed to spend the following night together in my chambers. In the morning we each went to our respective duties, with an arrangement to meet at dinner in the evening. I did not call at G-rayVinu-square during the day; and what with attending to lectures and reading tough law, had not only overcome any idea of supernatural agency in the evening of the preceding night, but, as the evening drew near, entirely ceased to think of the matter. It was about eight o'clock as we entered the rooms together. The old laundress had evidently been at work, as on the preceding evening. The fire was burning brightly, the lamp was lighted, and the tea-things were sot ont on the table. We walked through the rooms, and found everytliing in perfect order. S— laughingly envied me my comfortable quarters, showing by his manner that he was more than ever convinced had been the victim of an exceedingly bad attack of nightmare. After a little we agreed to play at chess, and arranged a small side-table in front of the fire. I sat in the arm-chair with my back to the bedroom-door, as on the previous night; S— was seated opposite to me, consequently facing the door, which I had closed, locked, and bolted, on completing our tour of inspection; S—, who was in high spirits, joking at me the while. I remembered, however, the uncomfortable tendency it had to open on its own account, and determined that it should be as securely fastened as a good lock and bolt would admit of. We were both fair chess-players, about equally matched. Two hours, perhaps, had elapsed, when the interest of the game culminated, and we were considering it with an intentness known only to chess-players. The move was with me. Knowing it to be a critical one, I was considering it at length, in all its aspects; my decision was just formed, and I was on the point of moving a piece, when gradually, surely, I became aware of the same extraordinary sensation of cold as on the night before, just as if the surrounding atmosphere were becoming iced into solidity. I felt that the bedroom door behind me was opening. I looked up with the intention of calling S—'s attention to the phenomenon, but my movement was unnecessary; he was equally conscious of it with myself. He had risen from his chair, and I can never forget the expression of his face, which was livid and distorted. His eyes were wide open, and turned full on the door that was behind my chair. All his featuies were convulsed, and his appearance, as he bent forward, as if in an intensity of horrified expectation, was perfectly terrific. I actually saw his hair lift from his head, and the great beads of perspiration burst from his forehead. He took not the slightest notice of my movement, but Blowly raised one hand, as if pointing to something in the room le^ind him; then suddenly, and without giving me a moment's warning, with one loud yell of agonised terror* he dashed to the door leading into the passage, through the passage, and out of the main door, which slammed heavily behind him. I hurried aftter him into the passage. Then I remembered that the outer door closed with a Spring lock, and that the key was in the pocket of my greatcoatj which was hung up in the bedroom. We had inadvertently left the door open on coming in, and thus S— had been enabled to cscape. It would be impossible for me to describe my feelings at finding myself alone in the passage. How long it was before I mustered up sufficient presence of mind for reflection I cannot tell, but at last I realised to myself the fact that to leave my chambers* it was necessary to get the key. With a desperate courage, 1 returned to the sitting-room. The lamp was extinguished; the fire was burning with a sickly glare. With closed eyes I advanced into the bedroom. I quickly felt my way to the peg on which my coat was hanging, when something happened that caused my very heart to stand ?till, and my blood to freeze. I heard a movement in the passage—a strange, heavy, shuffling sound, as of a body dragging itself along the floor. An impulse seized me, unaccountable as all thejuther events of that memorable night. I felt impelled to follow the thing that was painfully, slowly dragging itself down the passage. I stepped through the dressing-room; and as I moved, I heard it move on before me, keeping at the same relative distance from me. I quickened my pace, I ran; but still I could not overtake that which I still heard dra gging ifcsclf aleng. After three or four headlong rushes from room to room, I stopped in the middle of the sitting-room to recover breath. As I stood, a revulsion of feeling came over me. My eagerness to confront and discover the cause of tho sounds I still could hear gave way to horror. I felt my life and reason to depend on my escape. As I moved to the bedroom-door it closed in my face. I frantically endeavored to force the lock. The thing was dragging itself along the passage iuto the room in which I was. Again tho nauseating stench of the night before rose into my nostrils; I rushed to the window with the intention of throwing it open and jumping into tho space beneath; but it was too late. I turned my eyes downwards. It was close to me, and I beheld it. A man writhing on the floor, his feature. 1 ? blue, bloated, and decomposed, the eyeballs turned up, yet bearing full upon me, dead and glassy, an impure phosphorescent light emanating from the body itself. As I gazed, one discolored hand was raised to the throat, in which I perceivcd a hideous gash. It drew itself gradually closcr to me I became insensible. When I was discovered in the morning, my friends, who were telegraphed for, removed me to the country, where, amongst cheerful scenes and people, I soon recovered. S— died of brain-fever within tlureo daj« of4he.JMgb£ on which he sat and watched with me. I have never cared to make any enquiries as to the previous inmates of the chambers. It is true I have heard that an inmate of one set cut his throat under peculiarly horrible circumstances; but I was never curious to identify the scene of the suicide's death with the chambers I occupied for so short a time; indeed nothing woud induce me ever again to en- ter Gray's-iim-square —Belgravia Annual 