THE SPRINGSURE MURDER. The following is a copy of the official report of the confession of Donald Ross, who was executed on Monday morning, at Rockhampton, for the murder of George Rose, at Springsure:— " Her Majesty's Gaol, Rockhampton, "November 15, 1870. "Sir,—I have the honor to forward you a copy of the statements made by prisoner Donald Ross of the Springsure murder. The part bearing date 11th instant was made to me ; the portion bearing date 12th instant was made to the Rev. Mr. Carson, in my presence. " Ross requests that those statements will be published ; but not until after his death. " He is in good health, and appears to feel his position.—I have the honor to be, Sir, your obedient servant, " EDWARD SHEEHY, Gaoler. " A.E. Halloran, Esq., Sheriff, Brisbane." " Her Majesty's Gaol, Rockhampton, " November 11, 1870. " Confession of prisoner Donald Ross, of the murder of George Rose, at Springsure. " I, Donald Ross, confess that the Chinaman that I accused had nothing to do with the mur- der of George Rose. I confess that I am the murderer of George Ross. As for Sarah Bur- gess Rose, I leave her to God to judge, as she got out of the charge, but she was the cause of the murder of George Rose. " DONALD ROSS. "Witnesses, EDWARD SHEEHY. PETER DONNELLY. " Her Majesty's Gaol, Rockhampton, "November 12, 1870. " Confession of Donald Ross with regard to the death of George Rose, of Springsure. " I, Donald Ross, confess that my keeping company with Sarah Burgess Rose was the original cause of the death of George Rose. There was no criminal intercourse between us before the death. Before the night of the mur- der Sarah Burgess Rose told me that she desired to get rid of George Rose. On that night she sent me for him. We came home together ; after we came home she gave him some gruel. I knew she had put poison in the gruel ; I had given her the poison previously ; it was poison used on stations to poison native dogs. After George Rose had eaten the gruel, he said he knew that there was poison in it. We had some rum both before and after he took the gruel. He went to bed in the kitchen, I went to bed in the verandah. After some time Sarah Burgess Rose called me in ; Gorge Rose was up. I took an axe out of his hand. He told me to throw away the knives that were on the table. I told him to go to bed. He said he would not till he put an end of her. She was now in the bed-room. He lay down on the bed in the kitchen and slept. She came out of the bed-room. She said it would be better to put an end of him or he would put an end of her. She said we could put the body in the bush, and it might be a long time before it would be found. I then struck him with the large axe, not that axe which appeared in court. I then concealed the body under the ground at the back of the house. It was then near daylight. We then burned all the blood stained things. I then wanted to tell all to the Magistrate. She said that if I did we both would be hanged for it. The body remained under the ground at the back of the house until next night, when I put the body in the well. " The night of the murder I had no idea of anything of the kind. I make this confession to warn every one from undue familiarity with other men's wives, and all such sins. " I hope that my end will be a warning to every one not to fall into such errors as I have done, and thus come to an untimely end. " DONALD ROSS. " Witnesses, JAMES CARSON, " Witnesses, EDWARD SHEEHY." THE EXECUTION. The criminal, Donald Ross, convicted at the last assizes for the murder of George Rose, at Springsure, was executed in the Rockhampton Gaol on November 21, at 8 o'clock. He had previously made a full confession of his guilt. Soon after 7 a.m. the Rev. J. Carson attended the prisoner, and remained with him till the last. By half-past 7 the Deputy Sheriff, W. H. Wiseman, Esq.; the health officer, Dr. Salmond ; the police, under Sub-Inspector Elliott, and other officials had arrived. About thirty persons who had obtained tickets were admitted at a quarter to 8, and assembled in the court-yard in front of the gallows. At seven minutes to 8 the bell was tolled, and the prisoner appeared with his arms pinioned so tightly that his hands were quite livid. The procession to the gallows was headed by Hutton, the hangman ; Rev. James Carson, the officiating clergyman, followed, reading suitable passages of scripture ; next came the condemned man, guarded by a warder on each side, and one behind him. On arriving at the foot of the scaffold, the Rev. Mr. Carson prayed with Ross, who was much agitated and seemed to join earnestly in the prayer. At 8 o'clock Ross ascended the steps, tumbling greatly, and being led by one of the gaolers, the Rev. Mr. Car- son following. On reaching the platform, the rope was adjusted round his neck by the execu- tioner, and he then addressed the spectators in the following brief sentences: "My dear friends, let this be a warning to you. May God have mercy on all your souls." And then, in a tre- mulous voice, scarcely audible, said : —"O Lord, my God, unto thee I commend my spirit this morning. Look upon a poor miserable sinner. O Lord God, have mercy upon me, and pardon all my sins." The white cap was then drawn down over his face, and tied round the neck. The Rev. J. Carson again prayed, stand- ing beside the condemned man, saying, "Into thy merciful hands, O lord, we commend the soul of this thy servant, now about to depart from the body. Receive him, we humbly between thee, into the arms of thy mercy into the glorious society of the saints in Heaven. Amen." Then, taking Ross by the hand, the minister continued: "God the Father who hath created thee, God the Son who hath redeemed thee, God the Holy Ghost who hath infused His Grace into thee, be now and evermore with thee ; assist thee in this thy last trial, and bring thee to everlasting life. Farewell." The minister shook hands with him, and retired. The executioner finally adjusted the rope, moved off the platform, knocked out the belt, and the unfortunate man fell to a depth of ten feet, the head striking the back of the scaffold in the fall, and the body afterwards swaying to and fro for a few minutes. There was no sign of a struggle visible to the majority of the bystanders, but one or two who were close to the scaffold perceived a slight twitching of the legs, doubt- less caused merely by contraction of the muscles. The body hung for a full half-hour, and Dr. Salmond having felt the pulse and pro- nounced the man dead, the body was cut down by the hangman, and placed in the coffin. The visitors after signing the certificate in the usual form, that deceased had come by his death by the hands of justice, retired. The face was very much discolored, and blood oozed from the mouth. The corpse was then removed to the cell which had him occupied by deceased, and a post mortem examination was made by Dr. Salmon and Dr. Thon. It was found that the neck was completely dislocated, and death must have been instantaneous. The lid of the coffin was fastened down, and at 9 o'clock Mr. Tucker, the undertaker, arrived, and the remains were conveyed to the cemetery, and interred, the Rev. Mr. Carson attending, and reading the funeral service. It must be satisfactory to the jury, and all concerned in the trial and execution of Ross, to have his own admission as to his guilt. In his case, there has been no miscarriage of justice. From the Rev. Mr. Carson we learn that Ross was a native of Scotland, county of Sutherland- shire parish of Farr, Beauty Hill. His mother is still alive, and Ross, shortly before his death, requested Mr. Carson to write to her. He said his father died when he was very young, and he did not remember anything of him. Ross never admitted his guilt until after Mr. Wiseman communicated to him the tele- gram fixing the day for the execution. The day afterwards, Ross said to Mr. Sheehy, the governor of the gaol. "He wished Mr. Carson there. He wanted to say that Jimmey Ah Nee was not guilty. He himself committed the murder." This statement was put in writing, and Mr. Carson sent for. The convict then made what he called a full statement ; and on a subsequent occassion he sent for Mr. Carson and made another statement, correcting the pre- vious one as to the poisoning. Ross was an intelligent man, and was favored with a re- ligious education. During the whole time of his confinement in gaol he was very anxious for reading religious books, especially the Bible. Since he heard that the day was fixed for his execution, he appeared very penitent, and was very anxious for instruction from his spiritual adviser. Mr. Wiseman had orders from Brisbane that Ross was not to be allowed to make a speech on the scaffold. Ross thought this very hard, and asked would he not be allowed to say Good-bye? Mr. Wise- man showed him the telegram, telling him he could say good-bye if he liked. The Rev. Mr. Car- son attended Ross throughout his imprison- ment. He was with him on Sunday night up to 12 o'clock, and was with him again at 7 o'clock on the morning of the execution. Mr. Carson thinks that there is good reason to hope that Ross was truly penitent. He trusted in God for Christ's sake for forgiveness, and acknow- ledged that he could not do anything of him- self. He had not a full assurance of faith, but he trusted in God, and hoped confidently that God would forgive him. He was very quiet during his imprisonment and said very little. Under the new regulations, prisoners under sentence of death are left alone in confinement, and not guarded by a warder as formerly. The result is, in Ross's case, that no communications were made except to the governor of the gaol or to the Rev. Mr. Carson. 