MAITLAND. From our own Correspondent. On Thursday afternoon a meeting of the general council of the flood prevention league was hold at the School of Arts. It was resolved that the Jrules, &c.; , of the league, be printed for four successive Saturdays in Ihe issues of the Mercury, and also that 500 slips of the constitu tion, &c.; , be printed for distribution. It was suggested that information as to tho extent of submerged land, and as to the value of property destroyed, be procurod as soon as possible. Mr. Lee was of opinion that the league would obtain great benefit by obtaining advice on the possibi lity of flood prevention in this district, from a competent engineer in England. Committees were appointed to canvass the town for subscrip tions, and to collect statistical information on the subject of floods. A deputation was nominated to wait on the mayor at Morpoth. A discussion took place with reference to the responsibility of the Borough Council to protect the town. The matter, however, dropped without any deci sion being arrived at. The Council adjourned until Tuesday next. On Friday last, Mr. Thursby lost another of his children from diptheria. This i3 tho second case which has occurrod in his family, and ter minated fatally. The fund, for the assistance of Mr. Owen Evans, is increasing favourably. Tho assertion, that Mr. Evans possessed money in tho bank, has been denied. The ' Popular Entertainment' advertised in last Thursday's Mercury is not acknowledged by the committee of the School of Arts. Vivat ?rcgina ! June 13, 1870. ? Theatre Royal. — A crowded house honored the performance on Saturday evening. The Irish drama, ' Barney, the Baron,' was pro duced, and was highly successful. Tho principal character in the piece is the good-tempered Irish man, Barney, who draws a lottery ticket of a fine estate in Germany, and leaves his fatherland for his now estate, but has not been long in pos session when he is frightened out of it by some envious persons, who appear as ghosts, and poor Barnoy is glad to give up his claim on the estate for anything, and return to ould Ireland. The character was played by Mr. H. Flynn, with much humour and expression, which drew forth hoarty laughter and much applause. The rest of the cast was well filled, but not of much moment to call for special comment. After a short interlude, Mr. Alexander sang one of his inimitable comic songs, and tho audienco not being satisfied with one encore caused him to come forward again with another different song. In the songs 'Paddy's Wedding' and the 'Cobbler,' it would be difficult to find Mr. Alexander's equal. A very pretty dance — the Highland Fling — was next gone through by Mr. Joseph Chambers, junior, and Miss Amy Cham bers, in a style not to be surpassed in any of the London theatres. A round of applause greeted the conclusion of the dance, and an encore was demanded. The entertainment concluded with another of those side-splitting farces, entitled tho ' Two Bonnycastlos,' in which, as is usual, M r. S. Chambers, in the character of Jeremiah Jorum, kept the house in one continuous roar of laughter, and Miss Maggio Oliver, as Mrs. Bounycastle, by the vivacity of her style, ren dered her presence iudispensible to the success of the piece. Thk Homeward English Mail. — The mail for Great Britain, via Suez, will be despatched from Sydney, on Thursday next, the ICth inst. Correspondence intended to be sent by this opportunity must be posted at Newcastle not later than nine o'clock on the morning of Wed noaday, the 15th instant. ? 