A LIVING ENOCH AROEN. A resident of St. Louis writes to The Democrat of that city a singular story of the battle of Chicka mauga. It was suggested by witnessing tlie l-lay of Enoch Arden. He says : A sergeant in my regiinentwas v,oundciai:Chicka mauga, and was reported dead. He was scon to fall in the heat of the engagement, and our lines being day. When the poor fellow was found he was so mutilated by being trampled on by tho cavalry that his face could not be recognized. A comrade, however, found in his breast pocket a miniature of liis wife and sent it to her with an account of his death. It turned out that the body was not that of Tom C ? , but a sergeant of another company. Tom, desperately wounded, fell into the hands of the enemy and was sent, to Andersonville, where the Rebei surgeon cut of one of his onus and one of his legs, and, in Spite of his bad fare, he recovered in due time. I never knew why they kept Tom so long in prison, except it was for the pur pose of exchanging him for a sound man. When poor Tom returned to his home in Pennsyl vania nobody in the village knew him. His wife had removed to Illinois with her parents more than a year previously. Without making himself known to any of liis old acquaintances in the village, Tom started for Illinois to hunt for his -wife. AVlicn he arrived in the neighbourhood where she was living, he learned that she was married to an old friend of his, who ha/1 followed her from Pennsylvania. TTis first impulse vras to make himself known to her, and eliiim her as hii- own ; but when ho saw the snug cabin in wliich she was living, and heard how kindly she was treated by Ikt husband, he changed his mind. ' Suppose I go and claim her,' lie said to himself, 'how can 1 support her f AVliat can I do for her, with only ono arm and one leg, and a body nuoKuiuu uy juuiiuis ui Miuurijig ui .ajiuutbujivuiu : No ; sh-? is happy aiv.l contented, and thinks me dead, andlwillnotdestroyher happinessandbecomea hurden to her.' Tom acted upon this resolution, and worked his way to Nevr York, where he set up a small business as a kerb-stone merchant, selling nuts and cakes, and suda water, and getting along prosperously. He soon made money enough to l.my an iirtificifll log, and after a while got a patent arm made, and to see him walking along the street, you woidd not Kupposo lluit he -was but little more than half u. man. He vras a good busi ness man, aud in the couree of a year enlarged liis stock in trade, and opened a regular retail grocer}-. He made money fast, and became a prosperous mer chant, respected by all vrho knew him. In liis pros perity he never forgot his wife, and always cherished a hojia that she would be restored to liini. Ho was a regular subscriber to the village paper published at the town near which his wife lived, and read it with great interest. One day lie saw in this paper the announcement of the death of the in&n; who had married his wife. He lost no time in starting for Illinios. He found his wife in deep mourning for her late husband, and she had added another infan tile link to the family circle. Tom made himself known to her, and was rejoiced to find that 'she still loved him as fondly as ever. It was some time before he could convince her that he was not a ghost returned from the other world. In order to make things sure the parson was called in, and' Tom and bis -wife were married over again. They went to New York, where they are still living in a j brown-Btone front, as happy a couple as you will find in Gotham. Of course, they do not tell everybody about their family matters, but you can rely upon this story as strictly true. The ending is rather better than that of Enoch Arden, and I think Adams WOuld -lo a eood thing- if hfi wnnlri rinrun* frnrn flio version of Tennyson, and in the last act get Philip Bay ground up in his own ™ill — accidentally, of course— make poor Enoch step in and enjoy the wife and the fortune left behind. ' What 'about the picture of Tom's wife, found in tho pocket of the dead soldier. f' 'Oh, I forgot about that. Tom 6ays that when he was wounded and left upon the field, a straggler came along, and he stopped him. Supposing he would bleed to death, he gave the picture to the straggler, with a message for his wife. The rebel cavalry made a charge soon after, and killed the straggler, with the picture of Tom's wife in his bosom, and carried Tom off to Andersonville. That accounts for the picture being found, and causing everybody to believe that Tom was killed.' 