STATE OF THE POPULATION. FROM the Vital Statistics of Queensland just presented to the Assembly, We learn that the estimated population on the 31st December last was 109,897, of which 06,571 were males, and 43,420 femalet. rheincreaseover the previous year amounted i° , ' c°nBistingof 728 males and 1742 females. The apparent disproportion of the sexes can be explained in a satisfactory way. The total increase was made up by an ex cess of births over deaths of 2893—less 423, the number of persons who left the colony more than those who arrived here. But the total departures, which were nearly all to the other Australian colonies, consisted almost entirely of what may be called the receding wave of the gold- mining rush of the preceding year. That the exodus was not one of the previ ously settled population, is sufficiently proved by the fact that the excess of the arrivals over the departures of fe males amounted to 112.- Gold-diggen come and go. They rush to every new place where the'precious metal is reported to be founds stopping no longer at one dig gings than until another "breaks oat" They cause great and unexpected fluete ations in the amount of the population, but as they are chiefly single men, or, if married, do not generally bring their fami lies with them, the progress of settlement arising from immigration can best be judged by striking a balance between the arrivals and departures of females. The births of males during the last fourteen years have averaged five per cent, more than those of females, whilst the mortality has been less; but nevertheless the female popnla tion was sixty-five per cent, of the whole last year, and, although it hat slightly varied in the interval between the periods, it was the same in 1856. The'number of children born last year was just over forty-three to every thousand of our population, and the Registrar- General points out that this compares verr favorably with the birth-rate in England, the highest recorded having been a little more than thirty-six and a third. This colony also seems to be more prolific than New South Wales. It will be interest ing to those concerned to learn that " the births are most numerous in the second and third quarters of the year—oar coolest season; a fact which seems also to rule in England, where the births are most numerous in the winter and spring quarters." The panic of 18G6 appears to have affected the matrimonial at well as tht other markets. Since that disastrous year I there was a falling off in the number of marriages until 1869, when the turning point was reached. Spinsters and widows are now looking up. The Report of the Registrar-General of England for 1868 states: —" As the fluctuations in marriage! express pretty accurately the con dition and prospects of the people, it may be inferred from these numbers that the commercial depression of the country has not been dispelled. The circumstances which have cau«ed so remarkable a de crease, and whioh are traceable to the prostration of trade and national industry, began in 1866-7; and, notwithstanding the bountiful yield of the wheat harvest of 1868, continued throughout that year.** Our Registrar-General, Mr. Scott, agrees with this " proposition," as he terms it; is hopeful that " the increase peroeptible in the marriages celebrated in 1869 may be a presage of improvement in the pros pects of the people of Queensland." It is stated that last year the largest percentage of males since 1860 were married under age. This may have been owing to the improvement in business, but was more probably occasioned by the number of native-born youths having been greater in 1869 than in any previous year. The increase of births over deaths in 1869 amounted to 871 per cent. The mortality of children under five years of age had decreased from 895 to 827, the improvement being chiefly confined to the town districts. Mr. Scott states that a Urge percentage of deaths of children under the age of five '* is traceable to tht neglect of parents, want of proper nourish ment, and to the ill-constructed, badly drained, and ventilated dwellings of the poorer classes in towns." There is nothing to show in the tables before us that the towns are as yet more unhealthy to children than the newly settled districts. Experience does not at all favor that idea. On the contrary, all pioneer colonists cam state that on the first settlement of each district misasmatic diseases were prevalent, whilst now (as is admitted by the Report) the proportion of deaths is gradually de creasing, notwithstanding the annual in crease in the population. The greatest pro portion of infantile mortality has always been on the newly settled coast lands and the purely pastoral country of the interior. The deaths from " natural causes " at all ages are under the average in towns where municipal improvements, have been effected, and are probably least of all in proportion in agricultural districts which have for some time been under cultivation. The older settled part of Queensland is as free from diseases appertaining to climate and soil as any portion of the world; and al though the temperature in summer is at first trying to a stranger wh« has lived all his life in a cooler belt of the temperate zone, yet it is not unhealthy. The native born children have not the complexions or the Bturdiness of the ruddy-cheeked urchins of the British islands, but they are strong and vigorous, and it is a rare thing to hear of their suffering ill-health after they have got over teething and the ordinary ailments of early infancy. Wi Tajco ICgitata, in the coarse of an examl nation before the Petitions Oommittee at Wei lingtoa, delirereVl himself as follows respecting the effect of the European law on his owm people:—" The law is defecti?e. When a Maori commits an offenoe against another Maori, no notice ia taken of it j and therefore I say el though the Government tells that we Maori* are under the same laws as tbe Europeans, we, the Maoris, receive no benefit from the law. The Europeans keep the body of the law, and gire at the ghost of it. I compare the present state of the law to a man looking into a mirror, the European is in front of tbe mirror, and can see what is reflected in it t the Maori la behind it groping in the dark. Therefore what - a Maori commits an offence he is blamed for H, and told that be is no good, and that he shoold be obedient to the laws of which he knows nothing. Another thing I want to know is this t Why are these Maori members allowed seats ia the House of Representatives ? I have never beard them cay a word. I ■appoM they efe there m carted {■ages," 