ASSAULTING AN EDITOR. (From the Chicago Evening Journal, February 28.) Long before the time for opening the police ' court this morning, the streets and sidewalks in the vicinity of the Armoury were completely blocked up by an excited and motley crowd, so much so that it was almost impossible to move in any direction after one got within the precincts of the crowd. The cause of this excitement and immense throng was the examination of members of the Lydia Thompson burlesque troupe for an alleged concluding on Thursday evening of Wilbur P. Storey, editor of the Chicago Times. When the doors of the court- room were opened, a grand rush was made by the eager crowd to gain admittance, and soon every nook and corner of the spacious auditorium of this famous court- room were packed with the sensation seekers. Male and female blondes were in attendance in profusion. There were blondes to the right of you, blondes to the left of you, and more blondes if you wanted them. The crowd was very orderly for so large a one, and there was no trouble in enforcing complete order. Every i one seemed to be in perfect good humour, and when the Lydia Thompson party arrived, there I was simply a sum of satisfaction at the com i posure of the soubrette. As the prosecutor did not show himself, bets were offered among the reportorial party that Mr. Storey would not appear, but there were no takers. As the time approached for the opening of the Court, a voice broke the spasmodic stillness of the moment, and Justice Summerfield, a very handsome and good-natured looking blonde, appeared and took his seat. Soon John Lyle King-another blonde-put in an appearance. Then came another diversion of the crowd, and a carriage drove rapidly up to the office, out of which stepped Mr. Alex. Henderson (the manager of the Crepe), Miss Lydia 'Thompson, Miss Pauline Markham, and Miss Nellie Henderson. Mr. Henderson, a tall, slight gentleman, with a military bearing and a blonde moustache, wore a dark blue suit and a small Astrachan cap. Miss Thompson, who did not seem at all disturbed by her singular position, wore a black velvet dress, a very handsome sealskin jacket, a sealskin mile, and a little Tyrolese hat with a large gold buckle, over which fell a black veil. Miss Markham, much taller than Miss Thomson, wore a light grey veil, a grey Tyrolese hat, a sealskin jacket, and a handsome blue poplin dress. Miss Henderson, a young and lovely blonde, wore a black silk dress, a black Astrachan jacket, a black Tyrolese hat, and a purple veil. At length, Mr, Storey came in, pushing his way through the dense crowd that blocked the way to the inner railing. As soon as he was discovered, some excited individual cried out, " Here's old Story " The crowd rose, one or two clapped their hands, but in a moment there arose a fierce hiss that drowned all other noise. Without noticing it, Mr. Storey walked to the front, and cast his eyes at the members of the Thompson troupe. He was as white as a sheet, but very composed. His face still bears the marks of the castigation inflicted upon him. Upon his nose is a red year, as large as a silver half-time. On the right side of this projection is a red ridge, about 13 inches in length, and his right ear shows a bad cut on the lower end, with a ridge running from it to his grey whiskers. At length the case was called, and Henderson, Gordon, Lydia Thompson, and Pauline Markham were arraigned. They pleaded not guilty to a charge of disorderly conduct the original charge of assault with intent to kill having been abandoned. The first witness was Mr. Storey : " I was going to my supper at about 5 o'clock, and on nearing my house I observed a carriage near my door ; a man and two women approached me ; I was asked if I was Mr. Storey, and said yes ; thereupon I was struck upon the head by a whip; I jumped forward, with the intention of catching her by the throat and throttling her two men then jumped upon the, and I made for one of them, Mr. Henderson, who ran away, and pulled a revolver, saying he would shoot me if I came near him; I do not remember the events exactly as they occurred, but this about the way of it. Captain Hickey : Do you recognise any of the people here ? Mr. Storey : Yes, sir, pointing to Mr. Henderson, that is the chap, and a very cowardly looking wretch he is, too. Captain H. : Do you recognise any one else Mr. S. : Yes, sir; that little fellow, de signating Mr. Gordon, is the one who jumped on my back, but he is so little he didn't do any hurt. Mr. Van Arman: Mr. Storey, do you know any of these people Mr. S. No, sir. Q. Did not one of them call at your office for an explanation of some article that appeared in your paper ? A. Some one did come, but I do not recognise him now. I am responsible for all the articles that have appeared in the Times. , Q. When was the revolver drawn ? A. It was near the close of the affray. Q,. Did you not undertake to draw your revolver at the suggestion of your wife, and did not the gentleman then draw his revolver and say if you did so he would shoot you ? A. No, sir-. It was at the outset of the affray that my wife told me to draw my revolver. Q. Did you strike any one A. Yes, sir. I struck that gentleman (point- ing to Henderson with my cane this one. (Showing a small stick in his hand.) A tough little English stick, and he understood its qualities of persuasion. . Other witnesses corroborated the main facts of Mr. Storey's story. Messrs. Henderson, Cahill, Gordon, and a Mr. Lyman were then examined for the defence. Mr. Henderson said :- ' 1 accompanied Miss Thompson and Miss Markham, who went with the express purpose of rewarding Mr. Storey; after the first blow was struck he flew at Miss Thompson, who got out of the way ; he then aimed a blow at Miss Markham, which I received upon his own head. At this time, Mrs. Storey, I suppose, stepped up and said to Miss Thompson, " Don't do this, I have not caused this." ' I know you have not, my good lady," said Miss Thompson. Mrs. Storey said, Wilbur, draw your pistol." At this I put my hand on my own pistol, but did not cock it I did not take it out ; I told Mr. Storey if he drew his pistol I would shoot him down like a dog by this time the ladies got in several blows, a d he was wielding his cane to ward off others; after satisfying themselves they retreated to the carriage, followed by Mr. Storey, who used the vilest language towards them ; I had a little struggle with him myself, as I had a whip in my hand that had been procured for Miss Weatherby, but she would not accompany his ; after it was over Mr. Storey said he could whip the whole lot ; the ladies were justified in doing what they did ; if he had drawn his pistol I would have killed the old hound. j Q. At any time during this whipping were there any firearms displayed? A. No, sir. , , Q. Did these men Messrs. Gordon and Eld- ridge hold Mr. Storey ? A. No, sir ; all they did was to intercept the blows. Q. Will you state to the Court why you carry a revolver? A. I was assaulted in New York last summer, and have carried my pistol ever since. Mr. Archy Gordon, a newspaper man, who accompanied the party, as he stated, because of the absence of Mr. Cahill, testified substantially to the same facts as Mr. Henderson, and added that, when Mr. Storey was applying the vile epithets to her and her party, Miss Thompson turned and said, "If you use that language again, I'll thrash you more," or to that effect when he (Storey) repeated the language, and she turned upon him as stated before. Witness stated that in attempting to defend Miss Markham, Storey " made " for him, when he seized a stick (not the " blackthorn ") in Storey's hands, and wrested it from him, attempted to break it across his knee, and threw it in the face of Storey, saying : " Take that you murderous assassin." Mr. Summerfield read the law in the case, and imposed a fine of 100 dollars each in the case of Lydia Thompson, Pauline Markham, and Mr. Henderson, and 10 dollars each upon Archy Gordon and E. W. Eldridge, the latter gentlemen being also of the party. The fines were paid under protest, and the blondes prepared to leave. When their carriage came they descended to the street, where the crowd awaited their appearance. Upon I stepping to the sidewalk they were greeted with continued cheering, waving of hats, and handkerchiefs, and several excited individuals stood at the carriage doors throwing kisses at the ladies. The carriage at length drove off, followed by the crowd, and the first act was finished. '- John no Calls and Muukux Extuavaoanctî.-Of late a decided reaction has set in against these senseless morning calls as the media of informal social inter- course ; of which reaction the outcome may be seen in the " At Homes,'' the " Five o'clock Teas," the " Days," now so popular among our ladies. ' And deservedly popular. Fur at least these arrangements let us know where we are and what we have to expect, and tell us that we need not go on such and such days and hours if we wish to shirk our friends, but that if we wish to see them we are sure to find them then and there j arid though substantially hearts may be no truer at a drum than anywhere else, semblance are so much the more honest and observances less absurd, which is something gained in this ridiculous life of ours ; we call social. In these afternoons, too, every one, is slightly less formal, and, so for as the men go, less dressed,, than '"u the more stately evening lv at homes." As for the women, do what we may, they will turn every social meeting into an occasion for finery and display j and even in houses where you are expressly told '' not dress parties " the hostess herself leads the way, and is the foremost to deck herself out in her best bravely, to the style of which her guests must uorifornviC they would not be as much out of harmony as the violins of an orchestra playing F. sharp while, the harp and trombones are giving out three flats. It is by no means saying that women ought not to regard their style and beauty as great good gifts to be carefully guarded and preserved, with all due honour, to the last possible moment, if we regret, as all thoughtful persons must, the mad love of dress and personal adornment which rules them as a sex. . It is this which makes society so difficult, save to the very wealthy. We cannot meet in anything like simplicity of a circumstance or Attire for the sake of pleasant conversation, or- the kindly interest which we take in one another. It must be always more or less a matter of toilette-a field-day for gowns and bonnets to prank themselves before eyes more envious or more exultant than admiring '-a battle- ground where the spirits of rival milliners and ghosts of rival purseB do shadowy strife together for even nice women are not ashamed to rank themselves no higher than clothes horses, and to think their value depends on the money worth of their gowns, represented either by value of material or originality of cut. And if this is true of nice women, who have minds and Bernie, what is it of those who have nothing of the one and but very little of the other ? , Why, they are all clothes horse, and nothing else-all mere dummies, upon which to hang so much silk and velvet, so many tags of lace and ribbon and their worth is exactly commensurate with the last -account their milliner sent in and the amount of pin money assigned to them for the creation of the typical ducks and drakes. And as, unfortunately for the world, there are as yet more dummies than real men and women, more clothes horses than clothes wearers, the whole avenues of society get choked with the press, and numbers carry the day if weight of brain does not If it were not for these we should soon be able to inaugurate a really simple style of society very different from any thing we have now. Queen. An Entomologist and his Quest. - There is a story, perhaps forgotten by all but men who were students at a certain college nearly thirty years ago, of an enthusiastic professor of entomology, not celebrated for his exercise of hospitality, who was so delighted at the arrival of an eminent pursuer of in- states that he invited him to board and bed in chambers. Next morning Dr. Mackay greeted his guest, "And how did you sleep the night, sister Beehee mouth r" " Not very well ; a strange bed, perhaps. But-" v. Ah " quoth the doctor, eagerly, " ye were just bitten by something, eh?" "Well, to tell you the truth, doctor, I was," " Just think of that! Bitten war ye? Now, can we say it was anything noteworthy that bit ye? Peculiar, ear" "Fleas, I think ; but Such chaps for biting I never met in my life." I should think so, indeed (with great glee). They're Sicilian fleas. I imported them myself." No Slanderer paper says it is no slander on Bradford to call it a spindling city, and that some- body has been bright enough to say that kissing a factory girl is a mill privilege. 