QFEEX ELIZABETH AND HER DEFENDER. REVIEW. Hetoey or Exglajkd rf.ou the Fall op Wolset to the Defeat or the Spanish Akhada. By James Anthony Froude, M.A. Eeign of Elizabeth. Vols. 5 and C. London : Longmans and Co. 1S70. Tbhie is great gratification in store for those who lake an interest in the vexed questions regarding the character and motives of Queen Elir-aMh and her roval victim, U±e uufortunato Miry Stuart. From the perusal of Mr. Fronde's now volume, ' The lieign of EUsabeili ' most readers, m'. ^e f; el assured, rise with ilie conviction that they had never bufere beea placed in a position to tightly understand the subject, ilr. Frouds has noi only put a fresh com plexion on old dote, but he has lirouglit mam mast important matters before the public for ths iirst time. The Times, in an elaborate review of the vork say-' :— Mr. Froade's history of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, and Mr. Hosack's 3Iarv and her Accusers, form so oppo site an illustration of the old allegory of the knights who saw the gold and silver shield, that it is impossible not to notice the coincidence. In the life of the famous Herbert of Bemerton, brother of Lord Herbert of Clicr bory, it is said, in excuse for the verj' rapid passion of the pious maiden who became his wife after a three days' nc-iu:iintance, that she had heard and thought so much of her husband before she met him 'in the flesh, ' and approved so thoroughly of all ho did and wrote, ' that Jane became so much of a pLitonic, as to love Mr. Herbert nnseeeu.' This Psyche sort of love is not confined to the weaker sex, nor does it vanish under the betraying lamp of scrutiny. Enamoured of his ideal, Mr. Froude has consumed uinch wasted oil and learning in examining the character of Elizabeth as effecting the events of her reim ; and though he asserts, and, indeed, goci far to prove, that ehe had nearly every defect possible, either to her own or the opposite sei, his resume of the crowned virago's quali ties resembles nothing so much as the old English ditty in which the swain declares, at the ead of a long liBt of his mistress's discouraging errors, that, neverthe less, 'Phillis is his onlvjoy.' The time is happily gone by when the actions and passions of Koyal person ages tvere supposed to be too sacred for criticism, and the touch of Royal fingers was deemed a cure for scrofula The once' daring and doubtful adage that 'a cat may look at a king,' is accepted as a truth in this our day, and not only do we assert our privilege to ?watch the present ' in the hot light that beats upon ? a throne,' but our great writers.like literary policemen, are continually flashing a bull's-eye lantern on the past, making compulsory discoveries of the most astound ing nature in the 'llecord-office, and upsetting all our painfully acquired notions of the rulera and the ruled. The days are over when Bacon (defending patents) called Elizabeth [even as Itaphael called the Kornarinn ' mtei ocelli '') ' Her Majesty, whose eyes arc the candles of our good days,' when Mr. Secretary Cecil bitterly complained in Parliament that the members were not 'secret among themselves,' affirmed that 'whatso- ever was subject to public exposition could not be good,' and marvelled that ' Parliament matters were openly talked of in the streets,' for that he had heard words to that effect ' spoken aloud, he being in his coach,' to all which he appended a hope that such publicity was not through the indiscretion of any luem- i ber of the House ; ' for the world is apt to slander, most especially the Ministers of Government.' Those ? days of secresy and of browbeating are ended. But ; there still remains among careless readers of tradi tionary glory, emanating from those particular ' can dles of good days,' the Queen's eyes. Our boyhood and youth are passed in gleaning phrases which our manhood scarcely reject us inapplicable. The glorious days of Queen Bess, the Uoldcn Age of England, the Virgin Queen, and the .Spanish Armada are sounds of triumph in our brains, witli about as much distinct meaning as tho popular cry of ' Hip, hip, hurrah ! ' in an excited mob. Wo know now that whatever the remarkable events of that remarkable reign may have been, the ruler for the time was principally welcome as the Protestant successor of Bloody Queen Mary ; that, although the sum of her murders and lorturings of lloman Catholics scarcely equalled, except in Ireland, the rival list of murdered Protestants in her half-sister's reign, the same system was pursued, the same cruelties practised, the same bitter compul sion attempted over the intangible freedom of belief, excused only by :in attempt, to prove that all variation of creed involved political rebellion as its necessary and inevitable result. We know that this Protestant Ruler had no iixed religion,— nor cared for religion, except inasmuch as it aliVcted her sovereignty ; that this Virgin Queen of Shakespeare's flattery was, as described in Mr. Motley's ' History of the Netherlands,' 'a Queen wlio, to loose morals, imperious disposition, and violent temper, united as inordinate a personal vanity as ever w;vs vouclisafcd to woman.' We know that this ' glorious Quecu Bess,' | after a life of mean hypocrisy, grasping avarice, and j gross ingratitude to every friend and every Minister, by | whoso love or loyal ty she had profited, made a lnuinur ing, timorous, struggling, and ignoble end, oppressed j by hypochondriac fancies and deserved remorse. Wo know that while her imprisoned and worn-out rival, Mary of Scotland, met death willi tlie dignity of a monarch and the players of a Christian, (whatever may have been the doctrinal errors of her faith), this frco English Queen met death as a Dulrarry, who could not escape God's sentence of execution. 'While bodily strength lasted, swearing, scolding, striking her maids of honour, obstinately refusing medicine, growling at the friends, who, in Uoliuu's language, ' did all they could to console and please her,' and, when bodily strength had failed, sitting for days together on cush ions on the floor, with her linger in he:1 moutli and her eyes bent on the ground, till she died, and was buried buried at an expense of £17,4^8 ; and her ransacked wardrobe (afterwards given by King James to a needy Scotch laird) attested her feminine love of finery by countless seta of jewels and upwards of two thousand different dresses. But still, say her defenders, it was Britian's golden age. Consider the eminent men— the poets, the writers, the discoverers, the heroes of that day. They swarmed, they multiplied, they shone as a galaxy of stars in tlie sky ! Certainly they did, but the curious question is how that can be set to the merit of Elizabeth. As well credit Pope Leo X. with the birth of remarkable artists and men of learning in his time ; or credit even the cruel, child-slaying Herod with the teaching of that mild message of peace and good-will to men which first shone in his evil day, never to sot again while this troubled world, shnll endure. 'But she encouraged and fostered' (that is the word)— 'fostered learning, and knew how to choose wise Ministers and keep them in power.' Assuredly. No one everjdisputed the shrewdness of Elizabeth — shrewd- ness, the most eorvile of all the varying species of human intelligence ; the first remove above instinct. She was shrowd and shrewish. In Froude's own words. ' She never choose a straight course whon a crooked one was open to her.' Nature intended her for a Mrs. Masham, a Court favourite ; hut destiny crowned her a Queen ; and from that pedestal nho looked down and saw what men she could make useful as Ministers, what men she could tempt and flatter into lovers, whom Bhe could slay, whom she must appease, and whom she could defy with impunity. The Due d'Aumalc, in his opening to the 'Lives of the Princes of Conde,' after affirming that 'Ic Wicmc slide da grands caractircs, comme Cage suivanl cst cclui des beaux ginia,' observes that although liistory ..cannot be ruled by formulas and strict definitions of that sort, yet, if we compare the period that extends from the accession of Francis I and Charles V, to the end of the Thirty Years' War with the reign of Louis XIV., we shall be struck by the wonderful difference of the emi nent men of these two epochs. But, except in the possibility of leisure which peace may afford, or the certainty of social disturbance which war must bring, eminent men of any reign can depend but little on the accident ofwho is their nominal ruler. Fromtimoto time on the intellectual spirit of this world, as on its material surface, bursts of sunsfaincsmilc forth ; lightfrom minds which are ' in advance of their age.' Such men neither come at our call, nor stay for our strong desire, nor drop mantles of prophetic glory for eager inheritors when their light goes out in death. Shakespeare, and Spenser, and ' rare Ben Johnson,' the adventurous and piratical Drake, and the courtly Kaleigh, wise Walsing nam, and the wiser Cecil, and a host of others owed nothing of their natural claims to distinction to Eliza beth, though she owed much to them, in the splendour they cast over her reign. She found them in her Eng land, and she took them. :is she took all things she could grasp for her own advai: io; for the 'Great Queen' was the incarnation of si-. lUiincss. Her wilfulnera at tunes and her irresolution at others, of which Froude gives so many glaring instances, all proceeded from that source. When once any human being sots aside the great rules of what is rinht or wroug, just or unjust, for the small rule of what will ' answer,' the compass that should guide life is lost. She stood ont when she thought it would answer, and she gave in, when she thought it would answer. There is no trace of a strong principle in any action of her long sovereignty. Even the instances of her supposed willingness to oblige 'her lovinc subject' can be traced to this one defect. Queen de facto, and affecting a security in her title which she n*ver really felt, she was iu truth making a perpetual canvass among her quondam electors The offence she gave by rewarding unworthy favourites and needy peti tioners, by granting patents and monopolies, no aoouer rose to such an height as alarmed her, than she expressed entire willingness to sweep them all away. Cecil's speech on the occosion, as reported in Towns hend'g collection, is remarkable for its apparent abandon, and a gay and jaunty tone which may remind its readers of a deceased and lamented statesman who enjoyed the largest popularity of any Minister in England. The case with which Elizabeth's English subjects would rote money ior the thrifty Queen (thrifty princi pally, if not solely, when she should have been liberal, may be seen in another debate speech of Cecil's on the) Decision of raising a subsidy for war with Spain. ' It had been said by a member of this House (Sir Francis Hastings) that he knew some poor people pawn their pots and pans to pay the subsidy. . . This I know that neither pots nor pans nor dish nor spoon should be spared when danger is at our elbows.' And on Sic Walter Baleigh hotly saving that he thought it'bad policy to let the enemy know of our selling pots and pans to pay subsidies, 'as arguing poverty in the State,' the Minister, after shrewdly hinting that the Queen would not dissolve . Parliament till the matter was arranged, spoke a? follows :— 'For that which I said, touching the Spaniards knowing of the sale of our pots and pans, which should by a matter of uo icy to which the gentleman on my left hand (Sir Walter lliiei'jh' took exceptions, I say it's true, and yet I am mis taken' For I say its good the Spaniard should know now n-iii;,i-T tra are tn'sMI onr uots and nans, and all we have, to keep him out Vet I do not say it U good he should know we do eell them; that is. I would have him know our willing ness to seil (though there be no need), but uot of our poverty of =clliu', or of any necessity we have to sell them, which I think none »ill do, neither shall need to do.' Then stood up a most loyal and enthusiastic gentle man, one Serjeant Hea!e, and made a speech, say ing :— 'Jlr SpeaVor, I do inarrail much, thit the Honse will stand upon granting of a Eubsidy, or thetimeofpaj-ment.wben all we have is Her Majesty's : aud she may lawfully, at her pleasure, take it from us. ' Yea. she has as much right to all i\nr land' or KOod= as to any revenue of her Crown. At winch the House hninm.-.l and laughed, and talked. Well, (quoth «erjeant lieaie), all your humminsr shall not put me out ol countenance. Tbe speaker interfering to preserve order, the said ser;e3lU proceeded, aud when he had spoken alitUe while the House hummed a^aiu, and he sat down.' But, hum aad lau^h as they might, there was never a time in England when Monarchical Government approached so nearly to the exercise of despotic power as in the reign of the Throned vestal, ?who declared that in her realm 'there should be but one mistress aud no master.' For all Elizibeth's defects air. Froude has, as we have remarked, unbounded, plenary indulgence. Bless ings, absolution, and (if we may be permitted to say so) Jesuitical excuses accompany the narration of every evil act or false position in her reign. He admits that she was violent, vain, deceitful, selfish, jealous, intolarent, arbitrary, and ungrateful ; but he says she was, nevertheless, a great Queen. Aud he lays down one rather startling proposition in explanation of that opinion, — namely, tint she 'acted as a woman ' : — 'If she was often insincere oft*n dishonest, often mean, her object was at worst moderately good, and frequently supremely wise ; and the details of her manoeuvres may be half pardoned for the general rectitude of her purpose. She acted as a woman. She broke faith as man could never have done without compromising for ever, and Irredeemably, his character for honour and truth. It is impossible tn feel equal resentment at the worst actions of Elizabeth. The circum stances of her situation, her sex, and the temper that was bom with Uer, bespeak forbearance, which it is just, if it be difficult, to extend towards her.' She would have made, in short, a base and most pernicious king, but, being a woman, we cannot wonder at her short- comings in all the nobler qualities of heart or head. Are there no ghosts of excellent and heroic women to protest against a sentence more bitter than anything Knox ever thundered forth in scorn of female sovereignty ? It should indeed, be consolatory to the sex, whose unwise and exaggerated claims for equality are at present the theme of daily ridicule, to know how little is expected of them. And it must be com forting to royal ladies to be assured that such defectB do not diminish admiring loyalty. But we deny the truth of the proposition in both its aspects. There is uo reason a woman should not have the mental courage and honesty of a man, and our chief objection to Eliza beth is, that she is not womanly. We do not moan in the minor points of description with which Jlr. Froude's present instalment of.liiatory opens : — 'She rode, shot, jested, and drank beer; spat and swore, upon occasions : ewore, not like a comfitinakers wife, but round mouth-filling oaths which wouldhave satisfied Hotspur, —the Iranian dimeter tliowing always through the Royal robes, yet with the queenly dignity never 60 impaired that liberties could be ventured in return.' We are willing to bclievo that the same age which witnessed tho creation of Shakespeare's ctherial fancies, his gentle Dcsdcmona and spirited Beatrice, his play ful Kosalind and sweet Cordelia, with the low voice which her kingly father pronounced to be such an ' excellent thing in woman;' Spenser's pure dreams of loveliness, and all the refined poetry of the times — coexisted with such a social state of semi- barbarism that a Queen's manners might be those of the ' Grand Duchess of Gerolstein,' as represented by Madame Schneider, without detracting from her dignity. But we cannot admit that the ruler acted only ' as a woman ' who sent men to the rack, to be tortured, torn to pieces, and disembowelled ; who read of the wholesale slaughter of women and their babes, the buiid, the aged, and idiots, during the struggle in Ireland, with perfect indifference and;corapoBure ; whoso reverence for the religion she professedly upheld was shown in making Dr. Dee, the quack astrologer, Chan cellor of St. Paul's, and giving him two church livings ; in telling the JJishop of Ely she would ' unfrock him by God,' if he would not surrender a coveted estate to dancing Sir Christopher Hatton ; in swearing such horrible oaths that the French Ambassador 'shuddered to hear her,' mid her own filini&tcr; peevishly wished she would ' trust less to fortune, and moro to God Almighty,'— in tho same spirit that made Druimnond, the historian of Scotland, write to a doubting and superstitious friend— ' Trust in the First Cause, God Almighty, and scorn vain prediction !' 'We cannot admit that she acted ouly 'as a woman ' in being false alike to men and nations—to Ireland, to France, to Spain, to the Netherlands, to Scotland, and to the best friends and Ministers she had in her own subject realm ; nor that a Queen can be termed 'great' of whom the French Ambassador truly declared that years of experi ence had taught him Elizabeth would promise anything, and yet be utterly indifferent to tho performance of what she promised ; that if she intended to continue her tricks, he would not act or wnte, she must use paper and ink of her own.' Wo cannot call her 'great ' of whom tho Spanish Ambassador declared he was ' sick of her wheedling gipsy ways,' and the Eng lish Minister that there was a moan of indignation at the countless instauccs of her broken faith — a Queen who cheated and grasped, and drove hard bargains, ' sold up ' her old lover Leicester's goods when he died, to repay herself money which Bhe affirmed eho had lent him ; loathed his wife and spited her, though she would not marry the Earl herself ; and sat crowned at a New Year festival in a coronet of jewels which she knew was part of the booty of Drake, proceeds of a thoroughly swindling transaction, directed aud arranged by her self, respecting the cargo he had brought home. How will Mr. Froude, notwithstanding the fervid eloquence of partisanship, of which he is so potent a master, reconcile his own deliberate expression that she was to be ' credited with a general rectitude of purpose,' and tho scornful epitaph fie afterwards applies with refer ence to the same Queen, 'that stained rag she called her honour.' Neither can we accept another axiom from this vehe ment defender of the Protestant- Ruler, or forbear to hope that our wives and daughters will by no means receive it as a gospel message,— namely, that Elizabeth was 'too clever to be simple and straightforward j' leading to the following very startling and as it appears to us, most illogical conclusion : — ' How she worked in detail, how uncertain, li&wvacillatlng;, how false and unscrupulous she could be when occasion tempted, hns appeared already, and will appear more and more, but her object in itself was excellent, and those who pursue high purposes, through crooked ways deserve bctlci of mankind, on (he whole, than those who pick their way in blameless inanity, and if innocent of ill, are equally innocent of good.' As we had always imtnagined the absolute rule to bo that we should not do evil thau good may come. At the rate of opposite reasoning adapted by Mr. Froude, even the private assassination of Mary, the captive Queen of Scots, might be held ercusable j and, indeed, it would seem that such is his opinion, for, after telling us the circumstances which followed the bringing for Elizabeth's signature the warrant to execute that hapless rival, and recording the dim dreadful hint, afterwards made horribly clear, that Sir Amyaa Paulet and Drury might hare made the warrant umitcccsary, one mor« of the startling propositions with which Mr. Froude's work abounds meets tho amazed eyo of the reader :— 'The situation was perfectly intelligible. Elizabeth'!! con duct was not noble, but it was natural and pardonable. The welfare of the country required an act of severity which she would herself have gladly dispensed with. The world, if she commanded it herself, would reproach her with per sonal vindictirencss, and she shrunk from encountering a charge which she knew to be unjust' ' Elizabeth's conduct was not noble, but it was natural and pardonable ! ' Is it possible to accept records of past times from a band, however masterly and experienced, which can deliberately set down such an opinion ? Tho one-sidedness of Mr. Froude's view of all historical events, the passion and the prejudice, tho scorn and the fervid approval, the picturesque descriptions and fierce denunciations, give a charm to his writings which is unequalled in its effect on the reader, liut the fault of this burst of forensic eloquence this glorious effort at special pleading, is that it is not spoken at the bar but on the bench. A historian is bound to collect and sift evidence with what calm impartially the weakness of human nature wil1 permit. Mr. Froude has done much, but this he cannot do. and what the French General affirmed of our charge at Kalakhwa, ' (Test magnifiqut mais ce n'est jms la guerre,' may be applied with a slight variation to the work be has given us. It is magnificent writing, but it is not history. He says well and truly— and he says it with a spasm of impatient regret — that ' English history will continue probably to the end of time to represent the treatment of Mary Stuart, which, if it erred at all, erred from the beginning on the side of leniency and weakness, as the one indelible stain on the reputation of the great Queen.' It is the one indelible stain on the reputation of that Queen ! It would be easy to take up the special pleading on the other side, to take Mary's alleged crimes, to dispute them, to remind him that of the famous 'casket letters' nothing was ever proved genuine but the casket itself ; no address, name, date, or seal being set to any one of them : that Darnlcy'B mother acquitted Mary of knowledge of her son's murder; that poor Bizzio, the little sallow Italian described by the French Ambassador as ' laid, morne, tt malplaisant,' was not believed by Mary to be stain as her lover, .but as a political foe, and was probably welcome to her, as Eonsard was welcome in the house of her father, where he held much the same position. No one accused Mary of being enamoured of Eonsard. He is always spoken, of asif he were a graybearded Merlin. Yet he was only seventeen years her senior, a very handsoAe and stately person. The David of our feminine Saul was precious a her. His music had in it the echo of those 'good old days' which the late king of theBelgians pnce'sniilingly said meant 'the good young days' — days 'when Mary had not yet come to dwell among savage and turbulent foes; nor can we doubt that many a woman may ye.; l for a friend who is too disenchanted and unhappy to do aught but repulse a lover. Her marriage with Both-' well is the crowning accusation against her. -But Mr. Hossack and a host of other commentators con sider her abduction by that iron soldier to have been real. She had once resolutely exiled him. She had loved Damley. The French Ambassador described the honeymoon of that luckless marriage, those summer days of July, — warm as Mary's passion and fair as the husband's effeminate beauty. They had a blood-red sunset, and no recurring dawn ! Bizzio murdered, Damley murdered, the rebel Lords returned, — who shall say how much of terror, despair, and wild reliance cast her in the shipwreck of her life on Bothwell's sterner nature for protection, and earned him that bitter gratitude expressed in the poet's line, — Amid tlie faithless faithful only tliou! (TO BE CONTINUED.) 