HOW TOM ROUSED HIS WIFE. The wife of Tom Gordon is a victim to imaginary ailments, and is never so content as when living according to the direction of her medical adviser. Dr. Valentine now under spends her whims and oddities so well that he humors her in every caprice j if she imagines rheumatism is her complaint, he agrees with her, and prescribed some harmless potion j if she thinks her appetite decreasing, some bread pills keep her in good spirits until the fancied symptoms of some other disease induce her to send again for him, During the last four yours Tom has oft on wished that his wife would roll down stairs and break her foolish head, for the reason that the physician's and apothecary's bills made a serious inroad upon her income. About three months ago she complained of a pain in her side, and, as usual, the doctor was summoned. After prescribing three or four bottles of different compounds all harmless, but rather expensive who said : " All you want to assist modicum in effecting a cure is a little rousing. Although your ailment is serious it is not dangerous. Assume a little energy, and you will recover. Hcmombor, rouse yourself." After the doctor had retired, the patient fancied that at lost some serious disease was be ginning to manifest itself, and, like a fool, who went to bed in despair. Tom understands the case thoroughly, from long experience, and said, mentally, " She wants a rousing, does she ? Well, I'll give her a surprise that will startle her." Mrs. Hnko, an attractive widow, was engaged to not in the capacity of nurse to Mrs. Q-. The widow is young, buxom, amiable j and Tom thought her attractive qualities might be made available in giving the patient the necessary rousing. A short consultation with Mrs. Hake resulted in the arrangement of a plan, the execution of which was to influence Mrs. Q-. to for ever afterwards throw physic to the dogs. Late the next evening, while the patient was fretting and groaning, and announcing her intention of giving up the ghost, Tom called Mrs. Huko aside, and said to her in a pretended whisper, but loud enough to be heard by the invalid : " Poor Funny I she is about to do at first, and you and I may as well arrange for our marriage." Tom threw a glance over his shoulder as he spoke, and observed the dying patient cease her groaning and begin to arouse herself. Arising to a sitting posture in the bed to note every word of the conversation, she stared at them with eyes as big as small onions peeled. 'Twill be a relief to her," continued Tom, " for she has always been an invalid. I to have suffered as well as she but with you, the picture of health, as my wife, happiness will be complete." The widow throw herself upon Tom's shoulders, her arms about his neck, and begun to show his vest in mouthfuls to smother her daughter. " How soon shall we got married after she is dead ?" asked Tom, passing his urine around the widow's substantial waist. "I suppose you will be willing to wait a week or two?" simpered Mrs. link, as she loaned her head on his shoulder, and took another mouthful of vest. The invalid uttered an exclamation and landed on the Hoots. " You think I am going to die, do you?" she exclaimed. "I'll live to spite you both 1 And for you she turned and grasped Mrs. Hoke by the hair?" out of my house, you designing vixen I I will act on my own nurse hereafter." From that day to this, Mrs. Or. has enjoyed good health, and Tom lins enjoyed good spirits, because he has not had a doctor's bill to pay. He know how to cure her, for she only needed rousing, and Tom roused her. 