SJOITIINGS, .BY i1DL ElE . 1 see that the work of iinouliting tie :aei rinnlders att tlie lilghtlonusc batt-ry is Leing .i pidilly lproccdcd iwith, and I fear that at lino very remote ldat the voluntoaer, whcln ailicted with a inliciabuldancte of military i?ntlhsiasni, will ac tually fire off theae gulls. I cannot guess what niay le the conclequenlces 'of sticl a nrash act. I .-can only think 'rbovidcnce 'that T' am not the owner of any houses in South Williamstown, and that my lodgings are not so close to the great guns as Captain Blackbourn's house is. If I were a glazier I would go in for hLaving plnirctice at the battdrics every Satuorlay afternoon, mRl " would strongly object to anything less than a fill charge of powder being sei.L What a gigamtic :somasli there would he, and what a glorinus day's work thedealce?s in panies sinl litty would haveI on Monday mlorning. Net;-v, s Ipeoplle would no douht le very nuich shaken by the cxplosioesi; bIut'residents of this warlike towrin hac:e no right to bie nervous. 1e ".ccpiy the post of danger ; we slonuld be expectedl to throsr'ourselves in the lath of. the ruthless 'in..ader : i?ve sholl ie re quired to sacrifice ounrselvces for the good of the country, and we should ie less thlin imen if we failed to do so readily nil cheerfully Of ,corse all the peacableo citizens--l'l1a peacable citizen whlo wre lnot treqiredl as lpowder monkeys wouil' lie packi offr to Mount lMacedon, or' some ntral' retreat wihere they wi-ould not be in the way, leaving the vohumteers to do the fighting. I should like to engage in the saugninary contict and participate in the honour and glory and broken limbs; but sonie'one must look after the women and children and attend to the conmmis sarint department, and probably in case of a Ecrimmage I should have a "call" in tlihat direc tionl. + All things considered, it would perhaps he better for the' ciuntry and for' myself that I should takd to the Mlount.. At the same thnc the strIng of glory would, be drawing my heart to: wardLs lthe batterieC. 1 amn not at prTsent so much troubled by tle prrslictt of avisit from the French orl'russians as at the plrobabilities of our dcfenders hin a moment of excitement being ranl nughn t:o tire off the heavy, cannon which is now being mounted at the batterisca... e'tghc";list" eipe,?s to have creatcd ,lliite a scusation in WVilliiamstonii. , ].vryonlU asks his' !!eigbil?our hlietlher he has seel it or not, and. on ,reco!slog an anewer,u ithlo.,nebgative lirocLds to relatc !! of,,tlhe many s tartling ancdctlotes which' are curreot tu the aiibject. 1 have not had the plkasuro of an introductioi .yot,. isnIseqiit-iU y 11 an dl seled to he rather a??ul ptical. 'iThat slirits of a tari;u, ktind lhauvcliea particularly active l?ti- I know', but they are of tlhe kilnd expirtcd by one Jalna Ilnioeasy1 whosi naune is tolcrabldy Snillar to the ?BIitiahandAustraili public. To' the yiung bluods vihe consilder it 'worth their while to aty. uip until one or.two o'clock in the olortitn f? r the puriose o( frightelning tihe pcople wlh happen ito Ib. in the streut, at that hour, I h?ba yonly to wrmark that it is just posaible they' wsill catch a Tartar ono of these lino .hightal, and 1that Y o lthU follein;g morning, they '.ill lee a :splndid ,opprjttuiity of judgig of the Iitnler in lhiith justicde 1is admiUistn'tet it the police court. I m afraid r0Jioilio liagilstrata andl our justices are so obttse that they Will lnt be atlo to see the fuuof ti llittl?' gi-B1,i5 i adt;m.at"they'W ll take a very practicable and1 highly objctionabile way of showingil their dislike to it. This ghost, it illppeailars, is -a pecualiar! appIitiotl. It noses a ipoIicCien jiust asquickly as oth. r splirits " -sceit the ionl. in' air," anid so long as there is a gumnlian of the peat?- at hand it ekercises the' power whicli it possesaes of becomouni -nisible. ' It is iuta blravoe "holst. It is -eneraly blievi tnlt isirryabiolped wip vi whili,,if accounts be true, itr ls. nit viltn the courage to use., It is a .most. prudent ghllost. ItiC evidenltly of ollhniein thit; I. .i ii " n"o.who islin battld soinl ' V 1:i.. ..'llnceierlire to tight agaln ; ; And lsi itidoloe not comnd uip ti the ecrtcli'wheli challdie-d l'It is a gliost tli-t is ilcdnibtelly a resl)etero of perouns, for wyhile it 5 1aliiit il tlie? presece ,of. [ sidisiihtei~wii m it naely frightens todeath, it is alinost. scaredi out of its ;lhostly life by a isilor wlho woiild iot lbe fright: enedhy'b it. .-. , .' , ,; ,,..,, ..- .. 11 'glicl to iiiiurstihiid tiiit Oiiiicilk r Clough, the e.x-nmayor, contemplates restginig hls seat at the Council table.: 1 am sorry lie .has r solved upon taking this step, ecamuse in lookins for sonieoione.totill ihis place,W. oshall go farl mid fare worse. -:Durilng the time he huas been i): ofllieo he' . hasworkec hardfoer this coinmaunity' atid has sjic-t a giedddl' 1 fi) tniiio and m0ic+i,_s, doing what he conceived to be his duty to his coiistitueiits. That he did niot at all timesa please' cveryblidly, niy be said of him as of every other mnao viii. takes part in publi affrair; butt he never, that I imi aware of, showled t'th slightest' disposition to shirk any duty devolving upon hinm as a councillor. "ot the least: importaint of his aervides to the inhabitants of Williamstown was tli eiinergeti iatitot which iee took in order to obtain from the Government a grant, for the pus pose of constructing what is kinown toimany people as "Clough's shoit ioad." He. fought hard to aehiivd this object and liad to eindure a good deal of ". chal' from his friends who at first regardled it as rather a Utopiian idea. That they were mistaken--l'1 onist the munber - hls since blii showin.S ' Tal sesedu vote by the Goi- erniment 1has, during tle week, passed the House, andl there is now every prospect of the short roald soon becoming an accomplished fact. I iouldb therefore urge oin Mr. Clough the desira lility of remaining a councillor until the work which lie so well commienced has been satisfac torily collpleeted. If, howevei, lhe is not to be turned from his pumlose, I would take this oppor tunity of wishing hint god hluck, and of express iln the hoic' that his retirement from public life, will only be for'a short period. I ?tas rithcr aamusied at reading the other day ini a Tasmafiiaii pi5ser a letter from a resident who. encldoed a patriotic ballad by Tri,pper, i the.lhole lhat it would serve to "awaken the nation to a sense of their duty.": He went on to say that "slhild France ldesire to land 'a few thousand imen on the coast of Tasmania'she would find nit, ditliculty in doins so, as the island is in a most de fenceless state." it is impossible for sie to know what designs the French Republic may have upon the tight little island; but' even if they were not so much embarrassel'at hoine it is very doubtful whethdr they would consider it desirable to go si far and get so little, as the charity scholar said when lie hadt learned the alphabet. e. smnile at this bit of conciit no the Tasmanians, but we are just as bhadl orelves. " We are all dliposed to exaggerate the importance of Uor own little world -to sign. protest, or deenolrce in the spirit of those three illustrious tailors who wrote themselves owin " We, the the piople of England." We see' Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, and the principal colonial towns with their relpectird' "" lions," and we come to the :cniclusion that we have seen all. W mebecome bdde~, adl 1('.k with lack-lustre eyes' uponl surrundt!ling things. Nuo that I mean to say the ultimate result will be dif ferent under any circumstances, for it is only a question of time with ios, asd whether .we bee located in London or in Villiamstodwn -tie proba hilities are great that with filur-tifths of us the freshness of life will be gnte and the interest it awakens very feehle indeed, long before we have toppled the hill' which looks down into " the' valleys of the shadows." But that is-uci-re soli why we should meet the disease half-way and so catp?h it Ibefore our tilme. - Austlalia is a'g:urians country, but it is not'exautly IPartadise, n;r does it possess all that we could he interested in Humian nat re. all ovcr the worldl is' doubtless sliffering fromnt the ellents of- the 'aplle which unfortutnate: Adam wait iuduceti to (at, alnd we shall Inot tit(nd a great deal of differsrec in it wheretver we gm: *1tt science is lirgressing d.nuly, the wlonders o(f natulc are revealing, thlemsclves, and tihough we travel iover ti-o wholo Austidiaun cuntiitllet en have reen but a tittle of the universe andt cerbtinly Ilnt suffi cientto lake us fancy' our-elves."all creation.". WhaVlt then is the nuse f our Inlullce naid our self-. glorilieationu v 1 slad in an fEnglish palper the other.ila3 thst Attstralials:i ill Lunl n ati never tirel of tilling ivcrn3ttloe they meet that they are Autrnlinus, andit atre rather astonishld ishen this staitliug inltrmilstihn (11h5 nUt create any iuterest or wheli they a-. not lni Lo.o .I dare say, s.iue of thetm were l.tllatteors, out ler andt, were thougilh qoulltthiill' of... UllI they can it least return after. they have. n hen iatlcu wise Iby expriuence and have beuwlo. sbat. atud ,with. sight.seeing and, pleasaure= so-kiiig...................,* 