[?] THE GAME FINISHED/ rfeir JoHNinr Lttdi^w^] . The ting-tang of the .district church ?was ringing out' fiercely, pit ^jflte -daily ?f morning service, and1^^^'Cattleddn was picking her way across the rba)4 ^attend it, with her thin white legssand ja water proof cloak on. It had rained in the night, but tiro, clouds were breaking, pro mising a fine day/ latood^i the' window, watching the legs and the pools of water j Miss Deveen sat at the table behind, an * swering a 'letter that hadrcome to her by the mornin&'sDost. ; ? ' Have jou ever thought mine a pecu liar name, \ Johnny ?' she suddenly .asked. . ' No,' I said, turning round to answer her. ' I think it a pretty one.' 'It was originally FneMh-^De Vigne, but like many other ^ngslias been cor rupted with time, and made into what . if ib. Is that 10 o'clock scrifcing?' . J; Yes, and the ting-tang was ceasing. Miss Cattledon would be late. It was a regular penalty to her I kheyfto go 6ut so early, and quite a new whim, begun1 in* the middle of Lent. She talked a little in her vinegar way at the world's wickedness in not*spendingsome.of ite working hpitmT inside a rchurcT^ listening to that' delight^ fffi curate ^with.Jthe.'mili voice, whoBehair hadtuMM^irenaaiHirelygrey. MLBsDeveenj knowing/it ^^^e^t for 'her, toughed pleasanfiy, \and laaid if tne many years* prayers- .from Aer chamber had not been heard ^as 'well as though she iad gone into a ^church too^fertheHiupi she should be in a^peor condition now; I vent with \ Miss Cattledon one Monday Morning out' ^of politeness. There, , were nineand twenty in:the pewSjior I counted ihem,: eight-and-twenty being single ladies (to go by^tiie look) froin 20 years old upwards.' The greyrhairedc curate .was. assisted by a young ^deacon, who '.had a black Jbeard and a lisp,, and .his hair' parted' down the middle. It was- very edifying, especially the ten minutes*; gossip'; with the two clergymen coming out, when we all congregated in the ,k. aisle by the door. ? -? ? 'My great grandfather was a grand old proprietor in France, Johnny; a baron/' continued Miss Deveen. 'I don't think I have much of the French nature left in me.' . . . ? '?-:-??.. 'I 'suppose you speak French well, Miss Deveen?' ' Not a word of it, Johnny. They pretended to teach it me when I was a child, - but Pm afraid I was unusually stupid; Why, who can this be ?' -? - She. alluded to a ring at the visitors' bell. ; One of the servants came in and said that the gentleman who had called once or twice before had come again. Miss Dev^en looked up, .first at the servant, ^and then at me. ' '.. She seemed to be considering. , I.r Zl 'I -will see him in two or three minutes, George '—and the man shut the door. i:;; : ~'f --^ - ?? ?'?- . ?-'??. ?' ? \~'-~^ 'Johnny,' she. said, 'I have taken you partly into my confidence in this affair of the lost studs;; I think I will _J± tell you a little more. After I sent for Lettice Lane here — and my impression, as I told you, was very strong in favor of her innocence — it occurred to me that I ought to see if anything could be done to prove it; or at least set the matter at rest, one way or the other, instead of 0^~ leaving it to time and chance. . The question was, how could I do it f I did not like to apply to the police,: lest more might have been made of it than I wished. One day a friend of mine, to whom I was relating the circumstances, solved the difficulty. He said he would send to me some one with whom he was well ac quainted — a Mr. Bond, who had once been connected with the detective police, and who had got his dismissal' through an affair he was thought to f -have misma naged. It sounded rather formidable to my old ears, 'once connected with the detective police' ; but I -consented, and* Mr. Bond came. He has had the thing in hand since last February.'' ; ' And what has he found out V ' Nothing, Johnny. Unless he has come to tell me now: that he. has— for it is he who is waiting. I think it may be so, as he has called so early. First of : all he was follbwing up the anatter down Tin Worcestershire, because the notion he entertained was 4hat the studs must%ave been £fekeri:iby;sbme of the Whitneys' servanis. . He stayed in the neighbor hood,^ pursuing his enquiries as to their, characters andiabits, aud visiting all the pawnfeok%rs?;-8hops that he thought were ; at available distances.' . ^ ^ *' ' Did he think it was Lettice Lane V* ' He said he did not ; but he ^took care (as I happen to know} to worm out all he could1 --qi Lettiee's antecedents while he was enquiriiig about the Test. I had the girl into tuls room at bis first visit, not alarming her, simply saying that I was relating the history, of the studs' disap pearance to fhiB Mend who had called, and desired her to describe her share in it to make the, story complete. Lettice. suspected nothing ; she told the tale simply and naturally, devoid of fear ; and from that very moment, Johnny, 1 have felt certain in my own mind that the girl is as innocent as I am. Mr. Bond * thought she might be,' but lie would apt go beyond that; for women, he said, were crafty, and knew how to make one think black. was white.' 'Miss Deveen, suppose, after all, it should turn out to have been Lettice 1 Should you proceed against her ?' 'I shall not proceed against any one, Johnny,; and I shall hush the matter up if I caitij' she answered; Tinging for Mr. Bond to'b^ shown in* / ??' J ; '- I was curious to ' see him also ; ideas; floating, through .my brain of cocked-hats and blue uniform, and Sir X Richard Mayne. Mr. Bond -turned out to lge a very inoffensive-looking indi vidual indeed; a little man, wearing; steel ^spectacles, in a black frock-coat and grey trousers. 'When I last saw you, madam,' he j4^ began, after lie was, seated, and Miss Deveenhad told bini he might speak before me, 'I mentioned that I had abandoned my search an ihe country, and intended to prosecute my enquiries in London.' ; ' You did, Mr. Bond.' '£hat the theft Jay amid Sir John Whitney's female servants I{h^v£ thought] lilroly all yinwg ' pnnHnilftf} Mr. BnTlfL 'H the purloiner felt afraid to dispose of the emeralds after taking them— and I could find no trace of them in the coun try:— the probability was' that she would Iteep them ;secreted about ;:her, and] get rid of them as soon as she came to Lon don, if she were one of the maids brought tip by Lady Whitney. ' . There -were two.' I thought in -particular might have done it. One was the lady's maid ; ; the other, the uppet housemaid, who had been ill the night of their disappearance. All iinds of ruses are played off in the pursuit of plunder, as : we have cause to learn every day ; and it struck me the housemaid might have feigned illness, the better to cover; 'her actions and throw suspicion off herself ; I 'am bound to say I could not learn .anything against either of these two young women ; but their business took 4ihem about the rooms at Whitney . Hall ^j and an open jewel-case is a great temptation.' r7 ' It 4si*' assented Miss Deveen. . ' That carelessness lay at mydoor, and there fore I determined never to prosecute in this case ; never, in. fact, to bring the offender, to open shame of any sort in regard to it.' / 'And that: has served.to increase the difficulty/? remarked Mr. Bond. 'Could fthe women have been searched and their private 'places at 'Whitney, Hall turned put, we~ might or /might not have found .-the emeralds 5 '.but .' . .-** ; . .. ? ? .; ; 2 '.a-ld not have doneJ5& 'for the Lord Ghanceliory air/' hotly interrupted Miss ? Deveen.. . ' One ,was searched, and that was- quite enough for f me, for I believe, 'Ker to.beiinnoccnt. If yon can get ati-he right person for 4ne quietly, ? Mr. Bondj for^niy ownTsatSsfactionj well and goody My instructions went s6 far, but no far ther.' ... , ? ... ,-r ; ,- ,; . ... Mr. Bond took off his spectacles to ease his face for a' minute, and put them on again: *} I understood tius' perfectly when I took the business in haAd, ' he quietly said:; : ' Well, madam, to go on. Lady Whitney brought her servants to London, and I came Tip also. Last night I gleaned alittle l%ht.' He paused, and put his hand into his pocket. I .looked, and Miss Deveen; looked. *' Should you know the studs again ?' he askei her. ,' ? - ' .' =**. You ;may as well ask me if I should know my own face in the glass, Mr. Bond. Of course I should.'.' ? . - . ;- =; Mr. Bond opened a pill-box ; three green studs lay in it on white cotton. He held it out to Miss Deveen. *' Are these they?'' ' 'No, certainly 4iot,' replied Miss Deveen, speaking like one in frightful disappointment. ' Those are not to be compiared to mine, sir.' .' MrL Bond put the bit of top cotton on, and the lid on that, and returned them to his pocket. Out came another box then,' long and -thin, ? ?' ''iTh4se are .my studs,' quickly ex claimied Miss j J)eveen, before she.. had given more tJian a gLanee;. 'You can, look 'for yourself to the private marks I told you of, Mr. Bond.J? Three brilliant emeralds, that seemed to set the^ropm alight, connected together : on the inner side by ^, fine chain of gold! At either end the chain was finished off by a small thin square plate of gold, on one of which was an -engraved crest, on the other Miss Deveen's initials. In form the ^emeralds looked like buttons., more than studs. ,..?';. \ -.-. ? ? .- . .-, 'I never -knew they were linked. to- gether, Miss ;Deveen,'J I' exclaimed in surprise. ' ; ; . ' ? 'Did you, not, Johnny 2' Never.; My mind had always pictured them as three loose studs. Mr. Bond, who no doubt had the marks by heart before lie brought them up, began shut ting them into the box as he had the others. ': ' Anticipating from, the first that the studs would most probably be found at a pawnbroker's, iff oundatifll, I ventured to speak' to you then of a difficulty ' that nught attend tiie finding,' said he to Miss Deveen. 'Unless a thing can be proved by law to have been stolen, a pawnbroker cannot be forced i# give it up. And I am under an engagement to return ttese studs, to the pawnbroker whence' I have brought them in the course of the morning.?' - * ???-.- *'You inay do so,' said Miss Deveen. 'I dare say he and I can come io an amicable arrangement in regard to giving them up later. My object has been to discover who stole them^- not to bring trouble or loss upon pawnbrokers. How did you discover them, Mr. Bond 3' ' * in rather- a singular manner. ? Last evening, in making my way from Regent street to a .place where I had to go on business, I saw a young woman turn out of & pawnbroker's shop, . whose shutters were put up, but its doors open. : Her face struck me as being familiar ; and I remembered her as Lady Whitney's housemaid — the .same who had been ill in bed, or pretended to be, the night the studs were lost. Ah, ah, I taought, some discovery may be looming. I have some acquaintance with the proprietor of. the shop — a very respectable man indeed, who has got on by dint of hard, honest work, and is a jeweller now as well as a pawnbroker. . My own business could wait, and I went in and found him busy with accounts in his private room. He thought at first I had. but called in to see him in passing. I gave him no particulars, but said I fancied a person in whom I was interested professionally had just been leaving some emerald studs in his shop.' '??...??? ' What is the pawnbroker's name ?' interrupted Miss Deveen. -'James. He went to enquire, and came back, saying that his assistant denied it. .There was only one man in the shop ; the. other had gone. He, this assistant, said that no person had been in during the last half-hour except a young woman, a cousin of his wife's, who did not come to pledge anything, but simply to say how d'ye do, and to ask where they were living now, that she might call and see his wife. James added that /fine, man said she occupied a good situatjxttuin the family of Sir John and Lady Whitney,-, and was not likely to require to pledge anything. Plausible enough, this, you see, Miss Deveen, but the coincidence was singular, I then told James: that I had been in search for Jhese^two months of some emerald studs lost out of Sir John Whitney's house. He stared a little at this,, and asked, whether they were :pf unusual value and very beautiful. Just so, I said, and de scribed. -thepi nunutely. Mr. James/ without another word, went away and brought the studs in. Your studs, Miss Deveeii' ; ' Atid how did he come by them ?' ' He won't tell me much about it, ex cept that they took in the goods -some weeks ago in the ordinary course of busi ness. Tn© fact is he is vexed, for they have really been careful, &d;;have managed to avoid these unpleasant epi sodes, to which all pawnbrokers are liable. It was i^ith difficulty I could get him to let me bring them up here, and that : only on the condition that they should be in his hands again before the clock struck twelve.' . ' f on shall keep faith with him. But now, Mr. Bond, what is your opinion of this?' ?;?.'-- ::'::.r- : ?' .; 'My opinion is that, that same young woman stole' the studs, and that she con trived., to get .them conVeyed .to London to this assistant, .lierirehitiye, who no doubt advahc^'money' upon them. I' cannot see Mf wity; W.-Slfiy- ^othey conclu sion,; under TOecircumstancesj'' continued Mr, iBbnd, iBrmly' ;jt*But Jor James's, turning crustyiV I might nave learned more.'',-' :--'.- ''''' '? '. . i'' ' ';' .lJ.I'~wiil go to him myself,' said Miss Deveen, with sudden resolution. 'When he finds that^my mtenjroti is fto hold his pocket harmles^ andinafeeTio, fuss in any way, I he' wfll not be c^ns^T with me. But; this matter must T-e cleared up if it be possible to clear it.' ; .-. \- Misb IJeveeh was not one to be slow of action] once any resolve was taken. Mr. Bpndi»a^ejaor attempt to oppose her ; on the obnha^^ hfeseenied' tbthink it might be^U%^t^he;didxgor ~BKe sent-3eorge t-ut: for *a street ckb,r; and iiaid I1 mignt ac-3om.panyrher. ^©^were^ff long before Mks; Cat^e^oh's conference : with the curates iniide the clrarch^waB over. ??'?'-.- ?'?-?- The shop wastiot in B^gent-street, but not 4 great way from it. T enquired, for Mr. | James at. the private door, and he came out to the cab.. Miss Deveen said she had come to. speak to him on particu lar bus^ess^ aud'he took us upstairs to a handsomely furnished room. . _ He -was a weU-dresse4,^ l^rtlyj .good-lbo'king .man, ; with; a pieas^iit; ;f ace and. quietly' easy manneiB. k MissjDevesn, bidding 1»tt- sit dpwnr near liefc, ^^^^^.explained the affair in a few; wopds, \ aiia ; asked lum to 'hdp her elucylate it. _, He responded to her frank ness ja| . once, and, said he would willingly giveiall the aiftinhisj)ower. - ' '' ' Singular to say,' I took these studs in myself/' h% -iptisejr^eii.', ,']I never. do tiieee ^things now,^-ut jny foreman had a holiday thatday to attend a funeral, and I was in the shon- Thej_/were pledged on the,'27±lM-f January., ^ince Mr. Bond left 'this mprjiing^ I, have been referring The 2-Tih of January. It was on the night, of the 23rd that -the studs disap peared. . Then the thief had not lost much time! I said so. ., '...''' ' Steya minute^ Johnny,'' cried Miss Deveen.:,,. ' - you^- young . ones ; sum up things too quickly for me. Let me trace events back. The studs, ^as you say, were lost on the 23rd ; the loss was discovered on the 24th, and Lettice Lane discharged i on the 25th tHose of us staying at Whitney Hall: began to talk of leaving ; and on the 26th you two went home after seeing Misa Chalk off by rail to 'Londpn.' ** And Mrs. Hughes i»o. They went up together.' '; ? '= ?-?'?; ... .- ' Who is Mrs. Hughes ? ' asked Miss Deveen. . 'Don't you remember .?— that young married lady who came to the dance with the Featherstons. - She lives somewhere in Londpn.*' _ ..???. Miss Deveen stared a little. * ' I don't remember any Mrs. Hughes, «7 ohnny, ' ' But, dear Miss _ I-eyeen, ? you must remember her,.V:X sera^tea.f ?, .( 'She was very young- looking, as little as Sophie Chalk '; Harry Whijtaiey} dancing with her,! trod- off the tailbf, her. thin pink dr^^V;i'ne^a,LoMr.l^t)b^tontellipg;' you about Mrs^^Highes, saying it was a. sad history. 'Her husband lost his money after they were ' married, ~* and ' lad been obliged io take a snaallsituitipn.' Kecoliecjfciqn flasheol over Miss Deveen. ' Yes, 1 rempmber now. ^ ','. A pale, ladyv like little woman with a sad face. But. let us jgoJback to business. You all left on the 2§-tix ; I and . Miss Cattledon on the 27.th- jfpw, while jh& j visitors. , were at the HaUf 1 don^t think i3a.e ? upper, heusamaid -could have, got iime to go out and -send off the ^studs by rail. Still less could she ^uive come up herself, to pledge them-'n i -..-'?' ', '?'?-, -? '?'?- ?;???' Miss Deveen's head was running on Mr. Bond's theory, 'It was no .iousemaid that pledged the studs,'-' spoke Mr. James. . . 'I was about to say, Mr.t James, that if you took them in yourself over the, counter, they could not have been sent up to your assistant.' . ; ** All the ^ppple about me are trust worthy, I can assure you, ma'am,' he interrupted. . . ' They . wpuld -nqt . lend themselves to such a thing. It was a lady who pledged otiose studs.' 'A lady?': n , / *' Yes, ma'am, a. lady. And to tell the truth, if I may dare to say it, the de scription you haye ? now given of a lady just tallies with her.''.. ;,'.' 'Mrs. Hughes JfV 'It seems so to me,' continued Mr. James. ' tattle, pale, and ladylike— that was just her.'- *' Dear me ! ' cried Miss Deveen, letting her hands drop on her lap as if they were lead, d'You had better tell, me as much as you can recollect, please.' 'It was at. dusk,' said Mr. James. ' Not quite darkj but the; lamps were lighted in the streete, and the gas in doors : just the hour, ma'am, that gentle folks choose for brinmng their things. I happened to be standing near the door, when a lady came into the shop and asked to see the principal. I said I was he, and retired behind the counter. She brought out these emerald studs ' — touching the box -'and .said she wanted to sell them, or else pledge them for their utmost value. She told me a tale, in apparent confidence, of a brother who had fallen into debt at college, and she was trying to get together some money to help him, or frightful trouble might come of it. If it was not genuine,' broke off Jffir. . James^ **. she was the best actor _I ever saw in all my fife?- -.,.-.. ' Please go on.' '? . ' I saw th-e emeralds were very rare and beautiful.,- She said .they were.ran heir loom from her mother, who had brought the stones from India and had themlinked together in England. I told her I could not buy ; she rejoined that it might be better only to pledge, for they would not be entirely lost to her, and she might redeem them ere twelve months were past if I would keep them as long as that. I explained that the law exacted .it. , The name she, gave was Mary Drake, asking if I had ever.heard of 'a famous old fore father pf theirs, Admiral Drak^. The name answers to the initials on the gold.' *'M. D.' They were engraved for Margaret Deveen. Perhaps, she claimed the crest also, Mr. James,'' added that lady, sarcastically. /. ' She did, ma'am ; in so far as she said it was the crest of the Drake family.' ' And you call her a lady ']' ' She had every appearance of one, in tone and language .too. Her hand .—she took one of her gloves off when;, showing the studs— was a lady's hand; small, delicate, and white as alabaster. . Ma'am, rely upon it, though she may not be a lady in deeds, she must be living the^ life of one.' ' But now, who can it haye been ?' Yes, who could it have been? Miss Deveen seemed to wait for an answer, but she did not get one. i,. :. -,???? ' How -much did you lend upon the studsT' ' ' . '' ' ' ' ?: 'Ten pounds.' te Should you know her again? -How was she dressed ?' C . ~ ' She wore an ordinary paisley shawl ; it was cold weather ; ainS liad. _a' thick black veil over her face, which she never lifted/1 -.p' 'Should not that have excited your suspicion?' interrupted Miss Deveen. ' I don't like people who keep their veils tiOsm whi'e they ^talk to ypiL*' , .'. ..''.. The pawnbroker smiled. -. M Most ladies keep them down; when th,ey -come here. Jis to knowing her again^.I- am- quite' certain that I should, and her voice to j. Whoever she was, she. went about it very systematically, and took . me in com pletely. Her asking f ori the principal may have thrown me somewhat off my guard.' ...-?? -..': L*fi~. ' We came away, leaving jbhe studs with Mr. James ; the. time had not arrived for MisB Deveen to redeem .them. She seemed very thoughtful as we went along in the cab. ' Johnny,' she said, breaking the silence, ' we. talk lightly enough about the finger of Providence' ; but I don't know what else it can be that has led on this discovery ;so far.. Out of the hun dreds of pawnbroking establishments scattered about the metropolis, it is: won derfully strange that this should have been -the one the studs were taken to; and I furthermore, that ; Bond should have been passing it last night at. the moment Lady Whitney's housemaid came forth. : Had the studs .'been pledged elsewhere, we might never have heard of them ; neither, as it is, but for the housemaid's, being connected with Mr. James's assis tant.' ; . Of course it was strange. *' You were surprised to see the studs connected together, Johnny. .. '.That was the point I mentioned about Lettice. Lane. 'One might liave fallen down,' she sobbed out, in leaving Wiutney. Hall j , * even two ; but it's beyond^ie^bounds c* probability that three should, ma'am.' She was thinking of the studs as separate studs, aud. it convinced mei that she had* never seen them. But now, J Johnny, we must consider what steps [to take next. I shall not rest until the matter is cleared.' ' Suppose it should never get on any further1?' \ ?. 'Suppose you are like a young bear, all your experience to come ? '- retorted Miss Deveen. ** Why, Johnny Ludlow, do you. think that when that Finger I ventured to.speak of is directing a course of events onwards, that it halts midway % There cannot, I fear, be Jnuch. doubt as to the thief ; but we must get proof.' ** You think itwaS-rrr-rr' :. ? ' Mrs. Hughes. How can I think any thing else ? She ia very nice, andXjcould not have: believed it of lier, . : I suppose : the sight of the jewels, combined with 'her. state of poverty,- musi liave proved . the: temptation. I shall get back- the emeralds, but we must screen her.J- . *- Miss Deveen, I don't' believe it was Mrs. Hughes.' .} ' Not believe it !' | 'No. Her face.is not that of one who would do such a thing. You might trust it anywhere.' ' ; . :. 'Oh, Johnny! there yoii are at your faces again.' ..:???' (t Well, I never was deceived in. one yet.' . ?. -S . :,.'? . 'If she did not take the studs, and bring them to London, and ; pledge them, who else could it have been?' ' That's the puzzle of ifc' 'We must find out .where she lives, and then try and bring her -within jdgkt of Mr. James.' ' -I7'' ' The Whitneys know w%re she lives. I heard. Anna say she ana Helen had been to calLupon her.' . ;.:- . ; . ' Then our way is pretty-ib))l&in.; Mind you don't breathe a sylla'bi$e of this to mortal ear, Johnny. It pught defeat ends. Mis3 Cattledon, always1 inquisi tive, will question where wfe have been with her curious eyes ; but for once she will not get satisfied.' -' i- ? . .' I wonder you keep her, Miss Deeven. I shbuldh?t,' ; ** Yes, you would, JphnStiy. She is faithful j she suits me very *ell ; and her j mother and I were girls together.' It was a sight to be painted. Helen , Whitney standing there in Her presenta tion dress. Oh, but she looked well. It was all white, with a tail b'ehind longer than three peacocks', lace iand- feathers hanging from her hair. The whole lot of us were round her ; the young ones had come from the nursery, ';the servants peeped in at the door ; Miss Gattledon had her eye-glass up, and 'Miss Deveen put duller spectacles. ]T - : . -( 'Helen, my dear, £ adiiiire all very much except your necklace and brace lets,' said Miss Deveen critically. ' They do not match.' f - '-'? The necklace was a row \ of turquoise f beads, it did not look much ; the brace lets were gold with blue stones in the 'clasps;, '~The''Whltney family'' did 'not shine in jewels, and the few diamonds they possessed were on Lady Whitney to-day. ' But I had nothing else, Miss Deveen,' said Helen, simply. . ' Mamma said these must do.' . Miss Deveen took off the string of blue beads as if to examine them, and left in its place the most beautiful pearl neck lace ever seen. There was a scream of surprise ; some of us had only met with such transformations in fairy tales. ' And these are the bracelets to match, my dear. Anna, I shall give you the same when your turn for presentation comes.' Anna smiled faintly as she looked her thanks. She always seemed regularly down in spirits now, not to be raised by pearl necklaces. For the first time her sad countenance seemed to strike Tod. He came crossing over. ' What is amiss, Anna ? ' he whispered. ' Are you not well ? ' ' Quite well, thank you,' sheanswered, her cheeks going- off to a fine red. At this moment Sophie Chalk created a diversion. Unable to restrain her feelings longer, she burst into tears, knelt down outside Helen's dress, and began kissing her hand and its pearl bracelet in a transport of glad joy. ' Oh, Helen, my dear friend, how re joiced I am ! I said upstairs that your ornaments were not worthy of you.' Tod's eyes were glued to her. Bill Whitney called out bravo. Sophie kneeling before Helen in the Court fur belows, made a charming tableau. 'It's good acting, Tod,' I said in his ear. He turned sharply. But instead of cuffing me into next week, he just sent his eyes straight out to mine. 'Do you call it acting ?' ' I am sure it is. But not for you.' 'You are bold, Mr. Johnny.' \- . But I could tell, by the tone and the subdued manner, that his own doubts had been at last awakened whether or not it was acting. Lady Whitney came sailing down the stairs, a blaze of yellow satin, her face like a crimson peony with flurry. She: could hardly say a word of thanks for the present of pearls, for her wits were gone a wool-gathering. When she was last at Court herself Bill was a baby in long clothes. We went out with them to the carriage, the lot of us, the lady's maid taking at least six minutes to settle the trains ; and Bill said he hoped the eyes at the windows all round enjoyed the show. The postillion — an unusual sight in London — and the two men behind wore their state liveries of white and crimson ; the bouquets in their breasts, being bigger than full-blown cauliflowers. 'You will dance with me the first dance to-night V Tod whispered to Sophie Chalk as they were going in, after watching the carriage away. A slight pause, as if for consideration before she answered, and I saw her eyes wander out the distance towards Bill Whitney. 'Oh, thank you,' she said, with a great display of gratitude. ' But I am engaged.' 'Engaged for the first dance?' 'Yes. lam so sorry.' 'The second then?' ? .' With the greatest-pleasure.' Anna heard it all as well as I. Tod gave Sophie's hand a squeeze as if tadgse,. the1 bargain|«od'W«nt away whistlmg*. ' Not being in the world of fashion, we did not know how ouher people finished up ' drawing-room days (and when Ellen Whitney went to Cpnrithey were drawing-, rooms), but the Whitneys' programme was this: A cold collation in lieu of a dinner, when fate should bring them home again out of the ruck, and a ball in the evening. The ball was our joint in vention. Sitting round the school-room: fire one .night we: settled it for ourselves : and after Sir John and my lady had stood out well, they gave in. Not that it would be much of a ball, for they .had but few acquaintances in London, and the house was smalL :.''?. But now, had anything been wanting by Miss Deveen to carry out her plans, she could not have devised better than this. For the Wnitneys invited (all un consciously) Mrs. Hughes to the ball. Anna came in to Miss Deveen's after they had been sending 'out the invita tions (only three days before the evening) and began telling her the names as a slice of gossip. She came to Mrs. Hughes. ' Mrs. Hughes/9 interrupted Miss De veen, ' I am glad of that, Anna,, for I want to seeher.'' ?-. ? '- Miss Deveen's seeing her would not go for* much in the matter of elucidation ; it was Mr. James who must see her ; and the plan by which he might do so was entirely Miss Deveen's own. . She went down and arrainged it with 'him, and before the right night came, it was all cut and dried. He and she and I knew of it ; not another soul in the world. 'You will have to help me in it a little, Johnny,' she said. 'Be at hand to look but for Mr. James's arrival, and bring him up to me.' We saw them oome back from the drawingroom between 5 and 6, Helen with a bright color in her cheeks : and at 8 o'clock we went in. London parties, which begin when you ought to be in your first sleep, are not understood by us country people, and 8 was the hour named in the Whitneys' invitations. Cattledon was screwed into a rich sea green satin (somebody else's once) with a waterlily in her thin hair ; and Miss Deveen wore all her diamonds. Sir John, out of his element and frightfully disconsolate, stood against the wall, bis spectacles lodged on his old red nose. The thing was not in Kia line. Miss Beveen went up to shake hands. 'Sir John, I am rather expecting a gentleman to - call ' on me on business ? to-night,' she said ; 'and have left word for him to step in and see me here, should he come. Will you pardon the liberty?' :t I'm sure it's no liberty ; I shall be glad to welcome him,' replied Sir John, dismally. ' ' There'll be not much, here but stupid boys and girls. We shall get no whist to-night. The' plague Only knows who invented balls.' It was a little odd that, next to us, Mrs. Hughes should be the first to arrive. She was very pale and pretty, j and her husband was a slender, . quiet, delicate man, looking like a finished gentleman. 'Miss 'Deveen followed — them- with' her eyes as theywent up to Lady Whitney. ' She does not look like it, does she, Johnny? 'whispered Miss Deveen. No, I was quite sure she did not. Sophie Chalk was in white, with ivy leaves in her spangled hair, the sweetest fairy (to look at) ever seen out of a moon light ring. Helen, in her Court-dress and pearls, looked plain beside her. They stood talking together, not noticing that I and Tod were in the recess behind. The people had mostly come then, and the music was throwing out fits and starts. The rooms looked well ; the flowers, scattered about them, had come up from Whitney Hall. Helen called to her brother. ': We may as well begin dancing, William.' ' Of course we may,' he answered. ' I don't know what we have waited for. I must get a partner. Miss Chalk, may I have the honor of dancing the first dance with you ?' That Miss Chalk's eyes went up to his with a flash of gratitude, and then down in modesty to the chalked floor, I knew as well as though they had been behind her head instead of before. ' Oh, thank you,' said she, 'I shall be so happy.' And I no more dared glance at Tod than if he had been a springing: crocodile. She had told him she was engaged for it. But just as William was about to give her his arm, and somebody came and took away Helen, Lady Whitney called him. He spoke with his mother for a minute or two, and came back with a cloud on his face. 'I'm awfully sorry, Sophie. The mother says I must take out Lady Esther Starr- this first time, old Starr's wife, you know, as my father's dancing days are over. Lady Esther is seven-and-thirty if she's a day,' growled Bill, ' and as big as a light- house. I'll have the second with you, Sophie.' ' I am afraid I am engaged for the second,' hesitated Miss Sophie. 'I think I promised Joseph Todhetley.' ' Never mind Mm,' said Bill. ' You'll dance it with me, mind.' ' I can tell him I mistook the dance,' she softly suggested. ' Tell him anything. All right. ' He wheeled round, and went up to Lady Esther, putting on his glove. Sophie Chalk moved away, and 1 took the courage to glance sideways at Tod. His face was white as death — I think with passion. He stood with his arms folded, never moving throughout the whole of the quadrille, only looking out straight before 'him with a fixed stare. A waltz came next, for which they had kept their partners. And Sophie Chalk had enjoyed the luck of sitting down all the time. When they were making ready for the second quadrille, Tod went up to her. ' This is our dance, 'Miss Chalk.' Well, she had got her stock of brass. She looked steadily in his face, assuring him that he was mistaken, and vowing through thick and thin that it was the third dance she had promised to him. While she was excusing herself, Bill came up to claim her. Tod put out his strong arm to ward him off. ' Stay a moment, Whitney,' he said, with studied calmness, ' let me have an understanding first with Miss Chalk. She can dance with you afterwards *if she prefers to. ;Miss Chalk, you . know that you promised yourself to me this morn ing for 'the second dance. I asked you for the first ; you were engaged for that, you said, and would dance with me the' second. There could be no mistake, on your side or on mine.' ' Oh, but indeed I understood it to be the third, dear Mr. Todhetley,': said she. ' I am dreadfully sorry if it is my fault. FI1 dance the third with you.' ' I have not asked you for the third. Do as you please. If you throw me over for this second dance, I will never ask you for another again as long as I live.' Bill Whitney stood by, laughing ; seeming to treat the whole as a good joke. Sophie Chalk looked at Vn'm ap pealingly. ' And you certainly promised me, Miss Chalk. Todhetley, it is a com plication. You and I had better draw friendly lots.' Tod bit his lip nearly to bleeding. All the notice he took of Bill's speech was to turn his back upon him, and address Sophie. 'The decision lies with you alone, Miss Chalk. You have engaged your self to him and to me : choose between US. ; She put her hand within Bill's arm, and went away with him, leaving a little honeyed flattery for Tod. But Bill Whit ney looked back curiously into Tod's white face, all his lightness gone : for the first time he seemed to realise that it was serious, nearly an affair of life or death. His ?handkerchief up, wiping his damp brow, Tod did not notice which way he was going, and ran against Anna. 'I beg your pardon, child,' he said with a start, as if waking out of a dream. ' Will you go through this dance with me, Anna ? ' Yes. He led her up to it ; and they took their places opposite to Bill and Miss Chalk. Mr. James was to arrive at half-past nine. I was waiting for him near the entrance door. He was punctual to time ; and looked very, well in his even ing dress. I took him up te - Miss Deveen ; she made room for hi™ on the sofa by her side, her diamonds glistening. He must have seen their value. Sir John had got his rubber then in the little breakfast parlor ; Miss Cattledon, old Starr, and another making it up for him. Wanting to see the play played out, I kept by the sofa. This was not the dancing room; but they came into it between the dances in couples, to march round in the cooler air. Mr. James looked, and Miss Deveen looked ; and I confess that whenever Mrs. Hughes passed us I felt queer. Miss Deveen suddenly arrested her and kept her talking for a minute or two, Not a word bearing upon the seoret sub ject said Mr. James. Once, when the room was clear, and the measured - tread ieould be heard to the tune of one of the best waltzes ever imagined by Strauss, Lady Whitney approached. Catching sight of the strange gentleman by Misa Deveen, she supposed he had been brought by some of the guests, and came up- to-make-ius'acquaintance: ? ? 'A friend of -mihej dear Lady Whitney,' said Miss Deveen. Lady Whitney, never observing that no name was mentioned, shook hands at once with Mr. James in her homely country fashion. He stood up . until. she had moved away. ' Well ?' said Miss Deveen to him, when the dancers were coming in, 'Is the lady here ?' ' Yes.' I had expected him to say No, and could have struck him for destroying my faith in Mrs. Hughes. She was passing at the same moment. ' Do you see her now ?' whispered Miss Deveen. ' Not now. She was at the door a moment ago.' ' Not now !' exclaimed Miss Deveen, staring at Mrs. Hughes. ' Is it not that lady?' Mr. James sent his eyes in seven directions at once. ' Which lady, ma'am ?' ' The one who has just passed in black silk, with the simple white net quilling round the neck.' ' Oh dear, no !' said Mr. James. ' I never saw that lady in my life before. The lady, the lady, is dressed in white.' Miss Deveen looked at him, and 1 looked. Here, in the rooms, and yet not Mrs. Hughes I ' This is the one,' he whispered, ' coming in now.' The one turning in at that particular instant, was Sophie Chalk. But others were before her and behind her. She was on Harry Whitney's arm. 'Why don't you dance, Miss De veen ?' asked bold Harry, halting before the sofa. ' Will you dance w&h; me, Master Harry ?' ' Of course I will. Glad to get you.' 'Don't you tell fibs, young man. I might take you at your word, if I had my dancing shoes on.' Harry laughed. Sophie Chalk's blue eyes happened to rest on Mr. James's face ; they took a puzzled expression, as if wondering where she had seen it. Mr. James rose and bowed to her. She must have recognised him then, for her fea tures turned a livid white, in spite of the powder that covered them. ' Who is it, Johnny ?' she whispered, in her confusion, loosing Harry's arm and coming behind. ? 'Well, you must ask that of Miss Deveen. He has come here to see her ; something's up, I fancy, about those emerald studs.' Had it been to save my fortune I could not have helped saying it. I saw it all as in a mirror. She it was who had taken them, and pledged them afterwards. The same light flashed on Miss Deveen. She followed her with her severe face, her condeming eyes. 'Take care, Johnny !' I was just in time to catch Sophie Chalk. She would have fallen on any shoulder. The room was in a commotion at once : a young lady had fainted. Fainted ! What from ? asked everybody. Oh, from the heat, of course. And no other clue Was breathed. Mr. James's mission was over. It had been successful. He made a bow to Lady Whitney, and withdrew. Miss Deveen sent in for Sophie Chalk the next day, and they had it put together, shut up' alone. Sophie's edible ' ness was good for any amount of denial, but it failed here. And then she took the other course, and fell on her knees at Miss Deveen's feet, and told a pitiable story of being alone in the world, with out money to dress herself, and the open jewel- casket in Miss Deveen's cham ber (into which accident, not design, had really taken her) proving too much, in the moment's temptation. Miss De veen believed it ; she^told her the affair should never transpire beyond the two or three who already knew it ; that she would redeem the emeralds herself, and say nothing even to Lady Whitney ; but, as a matter of course, Miss Chalk jnust close her acquaintance with Sir John's family. And, singular to say, Sophie got a letter from somebody that same evening, inviting her to go out of town. So, the quitting the Whitneys sud denly was smoothly accounted for ; and Helen Whitney does not know the truth to this day. What did Tod think? For that, I expect, is what you are all wanting to ask. That was another curious thing — that he and Bill Whitney should have come to an explanation before the ball was over. Bill went up to him, saying that had he supposed Tod could mean anything serious in his admiration of Sophie Chalk, he should never have gone in for it himself, even in idleness ; and certainly would not continue to do so, or spoil sport again. ' Thank you for telling me,' answered Tod, with indifference. '? You are quite welcome to go in for Sophie Chalk in any way you please. I have done with her.' 'No,' said Bill, 'good girls must get scarcer than they are before I Bhould go in seriously for Sophie Chalk. She's all very well to talk and laugh with, and she is uncommonly fascinating.' It was my turn to put in a word then. 'As I told you, Bill, months ago, Sophie Chalk would fascinate the hair off your head, give her the chance.' Bill laughed. ' Well, she has had the chance, Johnny, but she has not done it.' Altogether Sophie, thanks ix- her own bad play, had fallen to a discount. When Miss Deveen announced to the world that she had found her emerald studs (lost through an accident she dis covered, and recovered in the same way) people were full of wonder at the chances and mistakes of life. Lettice Lane was dearevl triumphantly. Miss Deveen sent her home for a week to shake hands with her friends and enemies, and then -took her back as her own maid. And the only person I said a syllable to was Anna. I knew it would be safe ; and I dare say- you would have done -the same in my place. But she stopped me . at the middle of the first sentence. 'I have known it from the first, Johnny; I was nearly as sure of itaa sureoould be: and it is that that has made me so miserable.' 'Emown it was Sophie Chalki' ' As good as known it. There -was no pnjofionlyj3UBpicion. And I could not see whether I ought to speak of the sus picion even to mamma, or to keep it to myself. As things have turned out I am very thankful to have been silent.' 'How was it, then?' 'That night at Whitney Hall, after they had all come down from dressing, mamma sent me up to William's . room with a ^message. As I was leaving it— it is at the end of the long corridor, you know— I saw some one peep cautiously out of Miss Cattledon'i chamber, ami then steal up the back stairs. . It was Sophie Chalk. Later, when we were fiing to bed, and 1 was quite undressed, elen, who was in bed, espied Sophie's comb and brush on the table — 'for she had dressed in our room because of the large ' glass— and - told me to run in ?with them ; -she only slept in the next- room. .-. It was very cold. I knocked and entered so sharply that the door-bolt, a thin, creaky old thing, gave way. Of course I~ begged her pardon; but she seemed to start up in a terrible fear as if Fd. been a ghost. . - She had not touched her. hair, but sat. in a shawl, sewing at her stays; and she let them drop on the carpet and threw a petticoat upon them. I thoughtnothing, Johnny ; nothing at all. But the next morning when the commotion arose that the studs were missing, I could not help recalling all this ;. and I quite hated myself for. thiTiTriTtg Sophie Chalk might have been taking them when she stole out of Miss Cattledon'a room, and was sewing them later into her stays.' ' You thought right, you see.' ' Johnny, I am very sorry for her. I wish we *qpnld help her to some nice situ ation. Depend upon it, it will be alesson ; j she will nerer so. far forget herself again/? ' She is quite able to take care of her self, Anna. 2-on'i let it trouble you. I; daresay she will marry Mr. Everty.''^— .. The Argosy. ..-..;? , 