^P^i^PP^ ' ?-:-?.????.... :-. - -^ ? ? ; AT & COSfOERT. ' tf Joachim looks 'white to-night ; we. shan't hear him at his best.' ' ;f*'¥a.t tilllie hears his own first note.' ??-. **Tou don't discriminate. ; There -is such a thing as physical disqualification;' l .: ?-?:. « jjot in a divinity.' ' '5 ,; 'Come, that's strong; I; like a man '' i» proclaim himself an. Idolater.' : ' I have discrimination enough, to know *?:. what is above criticism. ? As -for you and your physical. disqualifications, I believe^ whenever-a nmsiciaa looks pale you think in your heaft jbe's^drunk. Don't defend yourself. It'g -a common hallucination. ' ^ ' And yoit^— whenever an amateur briti-, cises, you thiek he's jealous.?' * . ' Not^ all: But I very often think he's l^oraut.' . *?'.'? i ''Console yourself -with that illusion ! But why doesn't M. utter ja word I IJopk at him ! He is watching for someone. -1 ~Bay, M., is she late?' ' I Answered jbhis appeal, but without r turning say head. **,Jnst arrived ! Now, don't make a row, but look where I loot, and tell me -what you think.?'1 : : ' ' . My two Mends drew to my side and followed the direction of my eyes curiously.' I was «ure that they imme diately glanced at each other with an ex pression ofjiisaopointaient, and believed thaif T was^ulposely putting them on-a false scent; But it was not so. JThe ob ject to which I directed their attention was that for which I had been watching ever since we entered i3ie room. 1 had watched it each concert night since the beginning of the season, now near its close. Let me describe it. A man between 50 and 60 years old, i very poorly dressed, very pale, thin, and worn, as if with recent and severe illness^ v ^perhaps also with'^orrpw, for there was in' liis eyes that wistful languor which comes = after much weeping, and which inclines -:«£you.£o close your own, when you perceive it, with«a passing ache of sympathy. ' But -though the eyes lacked -fire, I never saw so intent a gaze. As he came slowly, through the Tia.11', making his way as if by Instinct to some particular spot, he 'never once looked around or before.- frfo, ?. but always at one place on the platform. When the crowd grew thicker, or when others attempted to pass him, he invariably paused or gave : -way. But he always resumed his progress at the earliest possible opportunity. Some of the habitues seemed to know what he was about, and to be willing to. assist, him quietly. -To none could he give offence, for although, he did not him self retreat, he impeded no one's ad vance. And it became apparent at last that he was not seeking a seat, but a standing place, by the end of one of the benches, where, without interfering Wi^h the view of any one else, lie was able to look steadily at the point in the orchestra ' 'which he wished %i command. ' 'There he' ^established : himself, * with a slight \ apolo getic .bow to his nearest neighbor, and ieeined to begin at '6nce the r occupation and the eujoymeiit of the evening. .-:- There was nothing .peculiarly, interest ing about his face, except its fixity and its vpallorl It was not intellectual — at least, not specially so— a. little dreamy and tender, but with no' strong Indications of thought. The wasted contours had a cer ffcain refinement, which/frequently belongs ? to exhaustion, but the original lines were 'not beautiful. It seemed at first that his passion of listening was unattended by ^Keenness of enjoyment. flora consider-' vable time his face was 'quite 'immovable ; \- teo glance of recognition met any dear familiar phrase ; no involuntary salute marked an accent or a rhythm ^ there was no expression of anxiety, or complacency^ or impatience, or triumph, ordisapprbval; still less of mere satisfaction and; unal loyed delight. It Was nothing but listen ing. However, this did not last. Gradu ally a faint flush stole over the features, and -kindled, them into something-like anr imation. At last the listless lips began to curve and to close as if with a kind of pain. Afterwards they parted in a quiet* half smile, which thenceforward did^ot r leave them. And when a burst o£ .ap plause greeted the close of the movement, ?lihis listener took part in it, nbt hy clap-; : ping nor by shouting, Tbiit by 'a series of! ?slow nods of contentment, . which ' con .veyed an indescribable, sense ©i definite, siesolute, personal approval. : , - ? ?' ;,V The concerted music ceased; a song stood next on the programme. It was for the lring of tenors himself ; and, lo. I fair, calm, Tand;debonaire, a lady not un '3ni6wn=to fame seated, herself at the piano,' j ''and struck the first chord of the inexr haustible ' Adelaida.' I looked at my friend. Every trace of interest had died: out of his face. Hjs: head ? Srooped -for-' ward upon his breast, his lips were .re laxed and fallen, his eyes vacant and wandering. Evidently the charm! which held him was in abeyance for the time, and not even the 'Prodigioso' of: Sims Beeves could whisper it back. ''Wnat is the attraction ?' asked L., sotto voce, on one side of me. ' Hath, he a daughter f' murmured. N., km the other. 'The attraction is simply puzzle,' answered I, in the same cautious voice. 'I cannpt make the man out. Sight after: night have I seen him performing exactly the same series of evolutions, and staring at exactly the same place, but I cannot discern wh^t it m that fascmates 'Turn. He speaks,' to no one. .. .The few ? who exchange little silent passing civili ties with ^»tt- seem to. be actuated only by the same sort of vague raspeci; '? for Ms igentte pertinacity which I feel' tojself, when I fatten myself against the wall . and make way for him to advance. 7 Jf:X were to find myself by inadvertence in his place-^-the place; which' he l]iasiiliade' his:own— J should vacate it as hastily and . t with as much shame as if I had strayed into the pulpit when the Archbishop of i; ^Canterbury tob going; to preach. Ex j;-plain this tome. 'There is nothing im ;!;^ressive about the man. Tet I will lay ^31 wager that Jif you watch him through out the evening you^ will, feel Hie. 'first : lSirrings of the mysterious influence* ^ourselves.'2 It' 'is too much for me. ' I navealreacly'begun lo dream of him, and am obliged to burn a nightlight. XE he : ^begins to affect the sober certainty of my '. waking hours, Ishallgivemyself in charge to the nrst lunatic doctor TlfieetT Wnat ifi3i&e;'&eaflingriof4t;:l^ ????? '?'-'?' ] -. - '?'???'?=ItiB'-ffi]fe -purpose aiad ?,earriestneBst-f -Hie f elixir-,' suggested Ii. ' He evidently £npws wliat he is come for; and cares 'for. nothing but for that one thing. In an age which has -outlived enthusiasm, my dear 3ML, it refreshes you to see a man with a paippse.*' ' ' ;''' 'But it does. not refresh me, it dis tracts me,' returned I. '? And what is his purpose? What is he looking' at? I know what he listons to ; there is - never any-doubton-tfeat point? and he listens with, every jibre.of his frame. But what does he Jbbkat?*' ' ** He,is lihetghpst of a musician who faaledi'~saidlSr. 'And he is condemned to listen for ever to the successes of his happier brethren:'1 ' Then he is a very generouB ghost,' retorted 1.; ?' f-jr le evidently enjoys them with all his heart. ; Observe him now ! ' 'The overture to. ' Zauberflote ' was , commenced. The man whom we were ^Ijphing^seemed Jtb be so lost injreverie thai he,di^d not at firet notice what was taMngplacB. indeed, it appeareias though a casual glance at the programme which he 'held in' his hand, first drew t'ft attention to it. He lifted 'his head with a start, and looked almost wildly in the accus tomed direction ; then, . with a smile of infinite repose,- as though -lie had found all' that he sought for, he settled himself - once more into his attitude of immovable attention. . ' \- 'Ijet us find out what h.e is lookuig at/' cried L. ..:.:.. ,_ . °, 'If you do that,' returned I, x(ImM instantly make a will bequeathing to you all .my possessions.?' ' . ' 1 dare say I can find room for them in imy ^carpet bag. But nothing is easier than to make the discovery. Do you see those three vacant places, a little in advance of him, -just across the line in Vhich he looks so fixedly ? Let us take them, and then rise from our seats one at a time, while the others watch. One of us will certainly impede his view ; we shall quickly find out by his. manner which it is. Then we have only . to wait till the company disperses, and by occupying his place, and using carefully the landmark which we have thus ob tained, we shall be able to hit the pre cise spot at which he aims.' .. .; \- ? We executed this little manoauvre at once. When we were in position, L. rose first, while I looked anxiously towards our friend. He remained; mo tionless and unconscious. : Then N., somewhat reluctant, performed his part of the operation. . *' We are making.nui-. sances of ourselves,' muttered he; '?* We shall have to be turned out.' . At any' rate we were not annoying the object of our interest. He kne'vrno more of N.'s movements than he had known of li.'s, bat continued to look and listen, serenely intense, withjevery faculty of ihis soul and body. It was now any turn. As I rose' I glanced round, that I might not lose a- moment's chance of observa tion. And as I glanced he moved, bend- . ing his head to the. right, as though hardly, aware that there was an obstacle; in his 'way, yet impelled by some sBcre'li instinct to avoid it. ? Much in the same manner have I seen an ant or a cater pillar elnde a hundred times the bit of stick which some garden idler places in its way, and advance always towards/the same point, though with a slight dif ference of path. I did not veature to test the jnnlfnqwa.wiih aach wanton per tinacity. ; perhaps some fear of the1 catas trophe threatened by3t. deterred me. But 1 did bend icyself a little in the direction in which he was bending, and had the satisfaction of seeing'him resume bis original position without so much as aflickerof the eyelashes. : . ? When the audience began to -disperse he stood for a few minutes withunbhang ing fixity of attitude and gaze. : Then his head, fell forward, jagain, the tension re laxed, the air of prostration returned, and he went slowly out with the multi tude, making Ms way with a languid in difference, very unHke his former niild persistency— -drifting, as it were, to the door by chance impulses from others rather ; titan :by any exertions of his own; . We waited till the last, and then com pleted our observations in the following manner :— I took the place which the un known had vacated; Ii., standing where. I had formerly stbod^ constituted himself a landmark for the nonce, while N. , who being a strong, amateur, regarded himself as a disguised professional, - - and mixed himself up ^with -the real article as much as he possibly, could, in the hope; pf being sometimes mistaken, for it by an old person, from the country, mojanted to the platfo-rin, and steered his course ac cording ^to' my signals. : ? ? t ':...';. ''Bight— leflrHno, no, not so fasi-r-a; hair's l-readaL \to the r^jht— a little nearer/;tome--Tight you arer-halt !' ; ''?? He stood by a Tiolin-desk in the second row. ; '' Who plays here ?' asked he, ad dressing one -of his professional patrons, who was watching .-our arrangements with considerable curiosity^ = ? ' Therei— I'm not surej— oh, yes, I know. That's a little fat Neapolitan,T not at ,331 a bad fiddler,-r-but the greatest scamp but of TParis.' .' Hardly a key to oar mystery, this! ?** 1 think,' said. L., meditatively, 'he is a prodigal son with a tender father, and the tender father watches for him every, night, knowing that if he is not in his place he is where he should not be. When he beholds the fat penitent he re joiceB ; but, in the intervals, he mourns over the course of life which has com bined a necessity for penitence with an innocent tendency to embonpoint.' - ' ?\ u Ingenious !' -cried I. j 'let us test the thing. What is the age of this Italian ^ddler?' . *f Oh, about fifty, I should guess. Oer iainly not under that.' '? -**'A year ortwo. younger than his-papa, theh;1w^ ';- '?.'. ????;*???; ? ; - ? ; '' f*jt 'inigM; be an elder -brother,' in terposed Jx, hurriediy. ' No, no. That is quits an exagge rated Idea/' ? ' :- 'Let u* ;get away,' whispered N., with an nneasy look ;*' my friend here evidently thinks wQ.areall mad.' We went heme, agreeing that -we would attend the next concert together^ and try to devise' some means of scrapiiig ac-. quaintance with bur unknown.* - He did not fail to make his appearance, and to go through the same process as -m Tdfmer occasionsr 'Butrfortune' 'f aTored- his; 'I, watcning him closely, sooii per ceived -tift lie was without a! prdgramme. I had iibticed how important th^ pro gramme seemed to be to his. evening's enjoyment, how frequently he referred to it. and I now saw hint looking wist fully about, as lie became aware of his loss. I approached from behind, and ad dressing him verygently, ' Sir, I think you have dropped your programme.. Allow me to offer you this.' To my surprise he toqknot the slightest notice, not even turning his Head to ascertain whether the enquiry was ad-[ dressed to him. It was strange ; . for he was so evidently troubled about his lost programme that I should have expected him to catch eagerly at the first sound of the fg-Tniiiar word. I was not to be baffled, however. Coming quite close I repeated my little address as emphati cally as I could. 'I beg your pardon, sir. '. I' think youl dropped this pro gramme. 'Permit me fo restore it to jm&^'i-'+.T. ?' -??'?'?' -: ,:.'j ?. .. ? ?- ;? .-.- Still silent ! Still motionless! . Still Averted ! . Bat as I pronoonced the last words % held, put the paper before Mm, and it attracted iiis eye. With a slight start he turned at once, bowed hastily, and took it from my hands. '?I -an extremely obliged to you, sir,' said he, in a low and rather harsh' voice, but speaking perfectly good English. The idea had crossed my mind that he might be ignorant of the language. *' 'We lairar a good aelectibn to-night/! jremarked I, anxious to follow up my advantage. He regarded me while I spoke with a scrutiny so intense and so enquiring that I felt ashamed of myself as U- 1 saw' Mm'penetrating the causes o, my attempt to draw him into conversaf tion. : ' Very good, I think,' he replied, glancing x-ver the names on the paper, and heaving one of the deepest sighs that I ever heard from man. ; *'vExcuse me,' I continued ; ' Iguess you to be an enthusiast in these matters. May I ask if you agree with the ' Athenaeum's' estimate of Rubinstein '?' . I had the number in my pocket, and I was about to draw it out. ' I beg your pardon, sir,' answered he, with a -dazed air, as if he did not know what I was talking about. ' It seems to me,' said I, ' that these criticisms, clever as they are, are wonder fully cold. The writer does not recognise force: as one main element of musical effect. Force — fire — dimensions-^you know what I mean ; that which shakes you from your' balance, as well as that whick channsyou to repose.'.. ^flfi you would kindly point out the passage- ? ;' began he, doubtfully, -.: 'But ;'r am speaking generally,' re plied I j 'd» you nbt read these arti cles?'* He shook his head gently, but very sorrowfully. 'I beg your pardon, sir,' he said; ('Idd not understand you. I am totally deaf.' If lie had told me that he was the Emperor of the French I could not have been more utterly confounded. I doubt wlie^ner I should liave found such a state ment quite so hard, of belief as that which he actually, made. When he had thus spoken ne turned quietly away, and seemed to consider that he had done with me. And 'I, having no pretext for further pursuit of him, stood still for a moment to recover from the shock of his words, and then went back to my. friends with a crestfallen air. 'Wnat did he say to you?' cried L. 'You look as if he had told you in so many words whose ghost he is.' 'And I feel so.' rejoined I. And then I told them what had passed between us.. \N. ? professed utter incredulity. ^*.Wnat should he come here for?' en quired he, reasonably enough. ' Only look at the man— see how absorbed he is; for what possible purpose can he act this part, evening after evening ?' 'But for what possible purpose should he pretend to be deaf f N. shook his head. ?' The commonest notion of toleration demands that a man should be free to select his own impossi bility,' observed he. V ; And here the discussion ceased. We watched our man through the evening, with sullen attention, such as onebjsstows upon a charade which one, strongly Buspects to have been, invented without an' answer, for the sole purpose' of be wildering the public. It would seem that a good many such charades, may be met with in society. . , As we left the halL another of N.'s professional aUies accosted us. . ' I taw yon talking 'to poor A.,' said her /*' po you know Iiim ?' 'The deaf listener V' ;.. ;«Ses,' -:;:,-;.:..'.'. :. ?:.? ?, ' He is an impenetrable mystery to us. Do explain him !' ?? - ' -: : *(JCom.e i home with me and you shall hear him explain himself . He always Bups with me after- the concert, and two or three glasses of Rudesheimer will be sufficient to unlock all his secrets.' We gratefully accepted the invitation. Two or three questionable-lpoking gentle men, whom a course: of plungiag baths might have - greatly benefited, and' of whom the little fat Neapolitan was- one, had arrived before us, and were' talking at the tops of their voices in an inde scribable patois. N.'s professional in timacies were by no means select. Our unknown-friend Tras in the room also. He was, sitting in a, corner, holding a violin upon his knees as if it were a baby, and passing liis1 fingers along the storings with. a. melancholy and caressing move? ment. Presently he took the bow in his hand and played a passage with facility, though 'with many defects- in tune. . Then - he laid the instrument down yery tenderly, looked at it, sighed over it, and came quietly up to the table, 'to a seat beside the host, which had been left vacant for him. *'How is she to-night?' asked the host, turning to him with a smile, said speaking with, slowness and precision. ^ A. examined the speaker's face with the.same minute scrutiny which he had bestowed on mine, and of which the reason was now sufficiently apparent, and answered, 'Oh, Grossi must tell us how she is.' 'Sta Dene, figlio mio !' responded Grossi to this appeal. 'Bene, bene, bene.iShe have one new string, and I am wonderful upon her.' '' It was'of'the Tioiin 'they Bpoke: — For the momoht thBTsuTfiect was droppejd.,; but: a slight occasional reference from, the host kept it befor|=the company, and when poor A. 's face'i had- begun toisoften and kindle under tb;e getaial infiudnce of the Budesheimer, he answered without difficulty to a judujiously-admin^stered impulse. ; 'You are puzzled at my frequenting these concerts,'' «aid he,- smiling across the table to us. ' j^do not wonder^ But, you see, before my misfortune, music waa my whole line; and that violin— ah! perhaps you have guesseel it—was mine. If I had- been a rich. man I would never have parted with hec.' But I had to? sell her. It was a bad day, a bad day. ' I had to sell her*. ??- ' Coraggio, papa'.!' shouted G-rossi, claDpuiff him on the back. 'Yes, she is yours now,' continued A., with/Hie regretful tenderness .of a father who has given his only child in marriage. 'And I think you are good to her. I used to : play at concerts, gentlemen. Yes; and in 'the' ©rcTiestra 'of the opera.. I was not looked down upon. I might even have risen higher. Ernst once spoke to me. I studied. I- labored. I was a very happy man. ? I ifiad - only my violin to maintain besides .'myself: I did not Vnsh for any other ^companipn, and we earned enough for both. '' We had very pleasant times together when we were not before the public. ? We knew each other's ways. I do not think that anybody — I beg Signor Grossi's pardon, for I am sure that I do not mean any disparagement to him— -I do not thinkrthat anybody knows my violin's ways quite sa well as I used to know them. Other performera—quite as good- as I was-^better than I- was — have played upon; her when I was able to hear. And they always said, 'Ah, we cannot draw such a tone from it ? (they palled heir it, but they ' meant kindly) as you do.' And. I think, gentlemen,' they were right, T think 'that nobody could draw such a tone from her as I did. But that was not talent. It was the habit and the love, which: go ion for a long while, and make an instinct at last. It is foolish, gentlemen, to talk— as [ people in good health, talk — about die power of the mind over the body. The mind has no power at all over a diseased body. If it had I should be able to hear, my violin. But my illness came; and my misfortune followed my illness. I earn my living now by copying music. And Signor -Grossi nas bought 'my violin, which I shall never hear again. ' Do not look so sorry, gentlemen. It is nobody's fault.' He paused, and Grossi clapped him on the back again, while two or three others shook hands with him. \- ' But ypti have not explained,' said our host, this time using the fingerlan guage, ' -what is the pleasure which you still find in frequenting concerts.' . 'I should think anybody can under stand that pleasure,' said the poor old fellow, with a sort of. dignity, almost with a rebuke in his manner. 'I see my violin. Have I not said how well I know ner ? I can follow her wherever she goes. I understand all she : tipes , ? When she is at work, and I am watching her, I near every note of the music in my - heart. Her part, chiefly, ijjjhjch I have sp often played myself — for Fnave played every thing gentlemen— and the other parts all; attending upon her and helping her. I can tell by Signor Grossi's face, by his wrist, by his shoulder, whether he is doing his duty by her: I know whether she is satisfied witja him. Ah, it all seems perhaps a little ridiculous to others ; and if you are a musician, and happy, you may not be able to understand ; but if you are a musician, -ami very unhappy, you will feel what I mean. But 1 do not wish you to learn. I do: not wish that any: one should be as unhappy as I.. '-am..- I have, however, my short times of- pleasure. When I have watched long enough, wait ing and striving, I begin just for a little while to possess the.! music, and then I forget, and am happy. When she stops I remember, and I begin wishing again. It cannot be helped, gentlemen.' His little history was finished, and he. dropped into his accustomed silence, not without cordial and cheery expressions of sympathy from his companions, to which he responded with Ms characteristic air of gentle ^depression.. ;The supper, was soqn ovei* but T think that _ our appetites had ceased first. We did not say much to each other about the -explanation of our mysteryl And at- 'the ;next concert we conducted our involuntary observations in a very different spirit. : Looking from his face to each other's with a shake of the head and a smile, which a certain dimness about the eyes seemed to con-, tradict, or at least to qualify. Soon after this business took me to the Continent, and: I did not return to Lon don for two years. AfterwardsbeinginN.'s company;'! 'asked h^n if he knew any thing recently about A. 'He is dead, poor feUow, 'was the reply. ' But I don't think: we need pity him after all. You could see in his face that nis constitution was thoroughly broken. Aiidi for. , three months before ; his death, he ^recovered his hearing. He was as happy as possible. We. made a little subscription and purchased his violin for ;him. We were afraid to tell him at once. We' pretended that there was a difficulty in collecting the money, and kept him for two or three days in suspense to accustom him to the idea. Then we took it to! him. The poor old fellow couldn't helpi'brying, but he was as happy as a king. And lie used to sit up in bed and scrape it to the last. So, aa I said before, I really don't think we need pity him. '— From St. Paul's. 