Alive in the Dead-house. The San Francisco Alia California gives an account ?of the experience of a German who was supposed to have died in that city, and whose body was immedi ately removed and placed in the dead-house attached to the hospital in which he had been under treat ment: — 'The body was deposited in a cast where two other bodies had already been placed, and between them. The cover was- put on and the keeper of the dead-house retired for the night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of the most unearthly character was heard in the dead house. The keeper of the dead-house was sought after, but, being aware of what he was required to -lo, he sought concealment, preferring to let the ghost fight it out among themselves rather han attempt to become peace-maker. When at last he was pre vailed upon to proceed to the dead-house and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, whose life had been a few hours previously pronounced extinct, and who had been dressed id the robes of the dead, stood before him. The keeper fainted out right, while tbe tenified German rushed headlong through the long halls and corridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as he went. Some more courageous 'than the rest caught and arrested um in His tranuc career, and the next instant the poor German fell on the floor in a fit. The physician was sent for, and restoratives used, by which be was restored to consciousness. How he felt when he returned to consciousness we give as he told it himself;: — ' Veil, Ten I got sick and vas in bed that day the doctor came to me and said I vas very sick. He vent avay, and after he vent I fell asleep. I knew nothing more till I voke in de night, and there was no light. I put cut my hand, aud I tould get no bed clothes, for I vas cold. I den put my hand to vone side to try for the bed clothes, and ock, vat you tink I got — vy a ded man .' Dere h« vos, ctld enough sure. I roared mid all the power I had, and vas going avay by the other side, ven, sure, I put my hand on another. Then I roared, and ctUed, and cried out all I could, and ven I was getting up my head struck a, board that was covering me. ' Oh,' said I, ' vot does this mean, vere am I F Am I ded ?' and I roared and bawled, and threw off the cover and jumped about as if I vas mad. And I knocked at the door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would open it forme, and I thought I vas ded myself. I vas not shure. I had the ded man's dress on me. At last the door opened, and ven I looked at the man vat - opened it he fell down mid fear, and I ran till I vaB caught. Then I fainted, and von I come to myself I thought it was a dream. But it is as true as I am here.' ' 