PLANCHETTE. Within the last twenty-fire years, or. to speak more precisely, since -the year 1848, mankind, in Christen dom, have been startled by a new revelation, or by what its adherents profess to consider as such, con cerning the state of existence in which the spirits of human beings move after death. Almost every people under the sun have entertained the belief that we are surrounded by spirits of some kind or another, having the attributes and weaknesses .of human beings, but in a superemineut degree, and manifesting a certain aniountof interest ininundane affairs. But anything like regular intercommunion between the spirits and man kind has been regarded as opposed to divine order, and only to be effected by the agency of evil beings. The peasantry of every country have their ghost stories without number ; but the general sentiment amongst them is that only malevolent or suffering spirits are allowed to manifest themselves to mankind. Most of the recorded actions of the genii, fairies, &c;, exhibit them as very whimsical, spiteful, and treacherous beings ; while the spirits of the dead, judging by the reports to hand hitherto concerning them, have only ai-peared when they have been suifering for some crime committed ou them or by them, when in the flesh. The appearance of happy spirits on this earth would seem to have been exceedingly rare ; the reports of such being almost exclusively confined to the chronicles of the Catholic Church, which pro fessed to regard them as extraordinary manifestations of divine favour, towards some few of ' her more favoured devotees. As to the condition of the spirits of men after death, the Catholic Church had pretty well committed herself to the statement that out of hell there is no redemption ; so that the souls of the extremely wicked .-ire thus incapable of re-visiting the scenes of their misdeeds in the flesh. Concerning the souls of the just, she bad laid down the rule that men of extraordinary virtue might be favoured with visions of such ; but they were regarded only as S2-ecial murks of divine favour, and were entirely innocent of any positive 'information'' either upon mundane. or spiritual matters. The devotee in his moment of holy rapture belic-ld the heavens open, perhaps, and saw as did Ignatius Loyola, the founder of the order of the Jesuits, the ''Trinity'' demonstrated, or some equally sublime mystery explained ; but anything like inter course between those divine beings and the favoured individuals who saw them was considered out of the question. There' still remained the intermediate spirits, which, according to the teachings of the Catholic Church, undergo a peculiar kind of punish ment, fitting them for the enjoyment of future happi ness. These the Church admitted might revisit the earth under certain circumstances, such as for the pur pose of expoiiug some great crime in which they had been concerned during their lifetime, and which pre vented them from enjoying 'repose' after death. But it was understood that the mission of such super natural visitants to this earth was confined to the discovery of such crime by the merest pantomime ; and when their object had been accomplished they disappeared for ever. Without committing herself to any particular statements regarding the intermediate world occupied by the spirits of those who were neither good enough for heaven nor wicked enough for bell, the Catholic Church has left it to be under stood that the abodes of such spirits were far removed from this earth, and their return to it only vouchsafed on special occasions, as already pointed out. But while assuming this attitude as regarded spiritual inter course with the bulk of man kind, the Church by her actions acknowledged that some individuals were en abled to hold converse with the spirits whenever they desired. During the dark ages, quite a number of wizards and witches sprung intoexistence, and these pro fessed to hold constant communion with beings in another state of existence. That they must have produced some evidence iu support of their pretentious theru is not a shadow of doubt ; for we find them everywhere the objects of the most cruel persecutions, not of the ignorant populace alone, but of the Catholic clergy themselves. Nor did the reformation in the Church do away with the belief in witchcraft. Down to the nineteenth century we had advanced Protes tants' in New England pursuing supposed witches with the most cruel and relentless fury. It is true that there has always existed in Christendom a class of sceptics, never very numerous, which has persis tently endeavoured to laugh down the foolish super stitions of the populace ; but even amongst the staunchest of those sceptics the wildest delusions have sometimes broken out like an epidemic, and have swept away in an hour the laborious reasonings of a life time. A superior class of pretenders, if pretenders they were, to a knowledge of supermundane beings arose too at the period when scepticism was most rife amongst the educated few, and when superstition was most rabid amongst the illiterate many. The astound ing pretentions of the Rosicrucian Brotherhood, and one or two other kindred associations, were the theme of conversation in the most enlightened circles ; while the quasi revelations of Albertus Magnus, Cagliostro, and others, were accepted with avidity, by many of those who had previously made a boast of their infide lity, or scepticism on all matters relating to another state of existence. The impression made upon the scientific by those people was, however, but very temporary, and did not extend beyond the period of their own generations in any case ; so that modern sceptics regard them us clever impostors who had stumbled on some of the phenomena of animal magnetism and electro-biology, and made the most of their discoveries with an inquisitive and unenlightened public. What favours this new of the case is the fact that nearly all those professed 'mediums' of inter course between mankind and the spirits, sold their pretended revelations for cold. Besides, it was notorious that they were more than ordinarily addicted to the pleasures and follies of the world ; whereas it must have been natural to suppose that the peculiar privileges wliich they enjoyed as 'mediums' rendered them to a great extent insensible to mundane pleasures and attractions, and almost wholly indepen dent of the gold of those who consulted them on spiritual matters. Notwithstanding all this, however, they left beliind them some psychological problems which cannot be satisfactorily explained even at this day ; and wliich are usually disposed of by an in credulous sneer on the part of the more determined sceptics. Where there is a determination to call in question the veracity of all witnesses of supernatural manifestations there is an end to all controversy upon such subjects as a matter of course. But the common sense of mankind revolts against the insinuation that all the testimony adduced by the various witnesses ill behalf of the disclosures of those people is utterly false. Thus the question stood, up to the middle of the present century ; the scientific class becoming eveiy day more sceptical as to the existence of spirits at all ; while the Christian Church, feeling herself compelled to keep pace with the advance of material philosophy, has of late given the weight of her moral influence to the teachings of science ; which has been to show that matter is governed by immutable laws, and that therefore miracles of any kind are impossible. Of course this view of the mat ter places every one who believes in the Bible in a very awkward predicament. We have miracles, and spiritual manifestations there recorded out of number ; and if they are entitled to the most unquestioning faith, why should modern miracles be impossible? Various ingenious, and elaborate attempts have been mtulc to surmount this difficulty, but to very little purpose. The rationalistic expounders of Bible mysteries, like the reverend authors of the Essays and Reviews, and Bishop Colenzo, have been stigmatised as infidels for their pains, by the alarmed heads of their church ; while on the other hand the most vigorous efforts to put down superstition amongst the people are enjoined by the same clerical chiefs on their sub ordinutes of the church. In the meantime, however, a new revolation on spiritual and supernatural mat ters, has been vouchsafed to thousands of enlightened men and women throughout the Christian world. We call it a revelation because it is accepted as such by very many people who are in every respect worthy of credence ; and because it is daily making converts, and its adherents are numbered not by hundreds, but abso lutely by millions. Christianity itself was not ushered in with a tithe of the eclat, nor had it for some centu ries anything like the prospects of ultimate success, which have marked the introduction and progress of spiritualism since the year 1848. It is now the belief of millions that intercourse the most continuous and thorough, may be had with the spirits of all who have existed on this earth, by any one desirous of obtaining the privilege. The adherents of spiritualism do not attempt to deny that much imposition has been prac tised by professed 'mediums'; but they assert, with much show of reason, that spiritualism is no more to be discredited by reason of such impositions than Chistianity should be rendered unworthy of belief by tbe charlatanism of too many of its expositors. As nuiuy of tbe revelations of spiritualism flatly contra dict many preconceived notions upon the state of the hitman soul in the next life, there is at present some thing like a mild war waged against it by the Christian Churches ; and it would seem as if the success of spiritualism were incompatible with an unmodified faith in the dogmas of those Churches. Of course the adherents of spiritualism on the one hand, and zealous Christians on the other, are unwilling to break with each other abruptly ; but it is inevitable that if spirit ualism gains universal ascendancy, Christianity, as at present constituted, must be swept away. The spirits, we believe, say that all religions are true in a sense, and necessary to men, in certain stages of intellectual progress; but that tbe day is approaching when foims may be cutirely dispensed with, and the Creator may be .served in a rational and consistent manner by all His creatures. General and somewhat vague as this statement is, it is easy to perceive that when it be comes prevalent there will be an end to our present systems of church government ; although, of course, it is not so easy to see whether they will be superseded by other systems of more or less elaborate construction eventually. At all events the danger is perceived by tbe churches, and they are somewhat anxiously awaiting the further development of the new creed. The attitude of the scientific world towards spiritualism has been, on the whole, injudicious, By pretending to look upon the matter as an imposture from beginning to end, and as unworthy of serious refutation, scientific men have but increased the popularity of spiritualism, if we may use the expression. Nothing can be more unsatisfactory, to even an honestly inquiring sceptic, than the manner in which scientific men have regarded the phenomena of spiritualism. Utterly regardless of the fact, thatf these phenomena are exerting a great influence throughout Christendom, scientific men treat them as if they were of no more importance than the displays of conjurors ; indeed, they do not accord them so much consideration as they do to the latter. When they have been invited to an investigation of the phenomena of spiritualism, they have insisted upon conditions with which it was perfectly impossible for the ' mediums,' in producing those phenomena, to have complied, even were they willing to do so. Thus, it has been insisted, that the phenomena should be produced in the full glare of daylight, at stated hours, and repeated when demanded by the investigator. Now, when it is borne in mind, that the 'mediums' are entirely at the will of the spirits, it will be seen that it is impossible for them to impose conditions of so arbitrary a character as those mentioned; notwithstanding ?which, their inability to do so has been seized upon as a proof of imposition. It seems to us on the contrary, that the mere fact of illiterate, and ignorant men, like Mr. Home and others, inviting such men as Professor Tyndal to an investigation of spiritual phenomena ''under any circumstances,' is a prima facie proof of the genuineness of those manifestations. We are entitled to expect that scientific men shall disprove the genuineness of spiritual manifestations, by showing how similar manifestations may be produced without the intervention of spirits. It is, to say the least, a most anomalous state of aifairs when uneducated indi viduals can produce phenomena which men of highly cultivated intellect, trained to difficult investigations, cannot, after a quarter of a century's observation, satisfactorily account for or imitate. Under such cir cumstances, it is not wonderful that popular opinion favours the spiritualists. It is quite true, that some of the most gifted ' mediums' have been accused of trickery in some of their worldly dealings; but that does not give any explanation of some of the phenomena which they have produced iu the presence of witnesses of unimpeachable veracity. Mr. Home is charged, and we believe truly, with attempting to secure a fortune for himself in a most discreditable manner ; but that fact is uo solution of the mysterious powers by which his body is lengthened, or shortened, half afoot at a time, and by which he is floated about in the air, in the presence of even watchful sceptics. Professor Tyndall may profess to look upon those manifestations as puerile ; but thousands of intelligent and educated men, including the Emperor Napoleon himself, have professed their faith in those manifestations of spiritual agency. It is clearly a duty, which scientific men owe to themselves and. to society, to thoroughly investigate the phenomena of spiritualism. They may rest assured that their contemptuous indif ference on the subject will not have much weight with the public, opposed as it is by the exertions of thousands of staunch believers, and by the protestations of men in every way entitled to credit. Some of the most re markable of the phenomena connected with modern spiritualism are produced by, or through the agency of, a little instrument called ' planchette.' It is a piece of board shaped somewhat like a heart, and is about seven inches thick by seven wide. It is mounted on three legs of equal length, two of which terminate in small wheels or castors. The third leg is a peucil thrust through the apex of the instrument, and with this pencil the phenomena of 'planchette' are produced. In the centre of the board there is a disc of metal, alleged to be merely ornamental. The instru ment is operated on by two or more persons placing the tips of their fingers gently upon it ; but it may be operated on hy a powerful medium, simply holding a string which is fastened to one of the legs, and standing ten or twelve feet distant from it. The phenomena exhibited by ' planchette' consist in writing answei-s to questions, which any individual present may ask mentally ; and in drawing various representations of animate and inanimate nature, copies of works of art, &c.; Thus, three or more persons shall sit round a table, on which this little board is placed, and two of them shall place the tips of their fingers on it, at the same time requesting any individual present to ask a question ' mentally ;' whereupon the ' planchette' will rapidly write an answer to tho question which has been heard by no one present ; and in a great majority of cases the answers are found to be intelligent and cor rect. This frequently occurs when every one present is utterly inexperienced in the phenomena of spiritualism, and total strangers to each other, and are therefore in capable of trickery, whether of collusion or of sleight of hand. Long conversations have thus been carried on with respect to matters wholly unknown to every one present save the interrogator. The motions of the' instrument seem, to those whose fingers rest upon it, to be entirely independent of their own wills ; their only care being not to offer any resistance to its pro gress. People have sat down to this instrument with a sheet of paper ; placed under it, and, by simply laying the tips of their fore fingers on it, have produced drawings of exceeding artistic merit ; notwithstanding the notorious fact that they had never previously made an attempt at drawing, nor had the slightest theoretical knowledge of the art. Its motion is described as being on some occasions exceedingly deliberate, while at others it has moved with lightning rapidity, and the greatest precision. In writing, it traces letter after, letter with the greatest accuracy, until the reply to the question asked is written out in full, when it rushes back swiftly to the beginning of a new line, and there stops abruptly, until a fresh effort is demanded from it by any one of the spectators. A great deal of discus sion has been indulged in upon tho marvels produced by this little instrument ; but the genuineness of such have been too well attested to leave room for suspicion of collusion, or of sleight of hand, in a very large num ber of cases wluch have been investigated in Europe aud America. Scientific men, in so far as they have vouchsafed to investigate the matter, favour the hy pothesis that tlie human body may become the medium for the transmission of force to inert and dead matter, in obedience to the will of others. Thus, the interro gator would frame the answer to his own questions, mentally put to 'planchette,' and this answer would pass from his mind to the fingers of those who were the nominal operators, and cause those fingers to give the necessary impulse to the 'planchette,' and produce the written answer in full ! But this seems to us to be endeavouring to account for one miracle by bringing forward half a dozen still more astounding miracles. If we can admit tbe possibility of intelligence detach ing itself from the human brain, and setting in motion a piece of wood, in such a manner as to cause it to execute drawings of rare merit, and to write answers to unspoken questions, it seems that we are not far from granting all demanded by the spiritualists. For our part, we prefer the solution of such phenomena offered by the spiritualists, as making less demands upon our credulity, than the monstrous supposition given above. The whole affair is as yet surrounded with mystery, and we can only regret that it has not been more thoroughly investigated by those so well qualified by natural endowments and intellectual training, to throw some scientific light upon it. 