EARLY COLONIAL RECOLLECTIONS. (BY SCRIBBLER.): No. 10. When a man who, from pure" patriotism of course, and benevolence towards unborn millions, leaves a populous and civilised city to Vegetate amid shea- oaks and gum-trees, he undergoes some queer trains of reflection occassionally. As he sits perhaps on a burnt stump -watching unclad sable human beings devouring: snakes; lizards; kangaroo- . flesh, birds, fishes, or perhaps those enor mous, luscious, suety-lookirig grabs, which at a particular season of the year, thrust themselves upwards ' gradually from the earth, presenting the "appearance . of short, jointed, candles in the actof growth;-when he sits contemplating a scene such as this, his thoughts are often far, far away. By the bye, Mr. Gouger . told me, speaking from experience, that those short, thick, cream colored grubs, when fried in batter, are equal in flavour.to white-bait. I do not doubt the fact. If any one does, let him observe the zest with which piccaninnies of a year old and upwards, nibble the animated lolly bit by bit, from-tail to head or vice versa, as the case may be, keeping tight hold of it in spite of its wriggling, until the poor animal's utmost extremity has been absorbed between the dusky and now unctious little lips. Or perhaps the self-exiled individual is being borne hour after hour amid apparen tly interminable scrub, the sagacious animal ..beneath him giving his whole attention to the probabilities of the track and the pros pect of arriving at water, while the rider, except" at intervals; is.-rabsorbed in that engrossing species, of abstraction which, fin my ' hot youth; when. George .the third was king," used to.be -cailecT " a brown study." Or, perhaps 1 a£ain, hisChbrse: has . stopped. towards sundown and told him very signifi cantly that, as they have reached a water hole and a patch of green juicy glass, it will be necessary to camp there for the«night. The horse having been hobbled, a fire kindled, the tea made,'and the damper and cold meat discussed, he rolls himself in his blanket, lays himself down on the lee-side of a pros trate gum-tree, and thinks-of what ? Not of his journey, or of anything Australian. No, his thoughts are on the opposite side of the planet. At such times as those just written of, to adopt Dibdin's lines, with the substitution only of the word " settlers" for "sailors" "Then settlers think of their far distant home, And of the friends they ne'er may see again.' In turning over some old'manuscripts to assist these recollections, I was reminded of an occasion when I was alone on the sea shore at night. I had been long-without letters from England; It must be remem bered that at . that period we scarcely calculated on receiving replies in less, than ten or twelve months.-. Under the influence of solitude and home- sickness, 1 broke out profusely in verse-ran intermittent disease to which I. was formerly subject. That particular paroxism took unto itself the name of : : .. HOMEWARD YEARNINGS. . ; I. The gale of yesterday has died; The brawling winds as death are still; . 1 In glassy sleep the waves subside, . Outworn by their own stormy will; Mute Is each vale and tree-clad hill, Save where the wild-dog tracks the dew. Or, like the voice of sorrow, shrill And sadly plains the lorn curlew. ix. Twilight, day's ghost, scarce seen, is gone; And ocean rolls in light afar, Swathing, each in its silvery zone. Yon isles, which her loved infants are; Far in heaven's depth blinks many a star; (Ah! not the stars my boyhood knew!) And, cleaving the horison's bar, The keen moon pales the cloudless blue. IH. What saw'st thou, moon! short hours ago. In my far native hemisphere? Did kindred eyes gaze from below, And lips sigh-" Would that he were here "? Say, did'st thou gild that turret sere, 'Neath which an old man worn with thought, Led my first prayers, and made more dear To all, the sacred lore he taught? IV. Did thy beams clasp that rustic home, Round which, a pensive dreaming boy, . With Shakspeare's magic page I'd roam, \- Or snatch frtm Byron sterner joy; .. y Where Spenser's rhyine gavo-aweetromploy,' :- -- Beside the trout^stream.in the vale, Do the old elm-trees still deboy,' The;pensive, thence thy rise to hail? < . ., ' v.' What saw'st thou moon! my boyhood's Mend! Companion.! 'neath yon distant sky? Do forms beloved in old scenes blend? : .;/. .; Does laughter flash from cheek and eye When Christmas mirth is mantling high ? : Does still the merry viol sound? And feet as merrily reply, Amid the dance's varying round ? VI. Yet Bay, what saw'st thou? Eyes grown dim, Though not with age? And faces pale, Yet not from pain? And sturdy limb Grown feeble from some unknown ail ? O'er what new grave do mourners wail? Who still endure the ills of life, * With strength unbowed or tremors frail ? , And who has fled life's feverish strife ? vn. . One moment could I doff this clay ! And spring forth an unbodied mind! I would outspeed light's swiftest ray,. And leaving thy gross beams behind, . Reach scenes by memory enshrined! Shunning the footprints of decay, I'd pause where I might objects find Whose old forms have not passed away 1 Vin. Fond wish! yet not more fond than vain I Here, where the savage hath his home, My soul endures the rankling chain, And scarce on fancy's wings may roam. What am I? Bubble of the foam Cast on this shore by .life's rough sea! An hour to quiver 'neath heaven's dome. And then, unnoted, cease to be ! : Such are the feelings of voluntary exiles. Yet while they are feeling thus, probably the people at home are-saying " out of sight out of mind," " why doesn't he write," &c.;, &c.; The provocatives to lapsed cor respondence are far less strong now than formerly in South Australia. Increased facilities of communication forbid the yawn ing chasms of interval which used to fihill and eventually extinguish communication. But apart from South Australia, complaints of the forgetfulness or negligence of absent connexions are probably, as antiquated as the invention of ship3-certainly as ancient as the art of writing.. That the charge is true as regards most men who expatriate themselves to distant and savage countries, cannot be denied. They promptly commu nicate the fact of their arrival, add. a few letters atlengthening intervals, and then sub side into silence. : However inexcusable this conduct may be, it is by no means unaccount able. Lord Byron writes, with a lamentable absence of charitable feeling ' " Well really if a man won't let us know \- .That he's ^ve, he's dead, .or: shwld be sq !" ' The change, however, applies, although per haps in a minor degree, tb correspondents left in the old' country." In many instances it'is the departed relative or friend who realises the; adage " out of sight out of mind." Charles Lamb admits, and in some degree accounts and offers excuse for this home remissness in a letter characteristically rambling and bantering, which he addressed to a friend who had emigrated to New South Wales. He commences thus :-" My dear F- -, When I think how welcome the sight of a letter from the world where you were born must be to you' in that strange one to which you have been transplanted, I feel some compunctious visitings at my long silence. But, indeed, it is no easy effort to set about a correspondence at our. distance. The weary world of waters between us oppresses the imagination. It is difficult to conceive how- a scrawl of mine should ever stretch across it; It is a sort of presump tion to expect that one's thoughts should live so far. It is like writing for posterity, and reminds me of one of Mrs. Howe's superscriptions, " Alcander to Strephon in the shades." This effect of distance between writer and reader, or rather lapse of time between the writing and reading a commu nication, Lamb illustrates thus :-" What security can I have that what I now send you for truth, shall not, before you get it, unaccountably turn into a lie ? For instance, our mutual friend J*, is at this present writing-my now-in good health, and enjoys a fair share of worldly reputation. You are glad to hear it. This is natural and friendly. But at this present reading-your now-lie may possibly be in the Bench, or going to be hanged, which in reason ought to abate something of your transport, i. e., at hearing he was well, &c.;, or at least con siderably "to modify it." While preparing .this number of the Recollections, it occurs to me, as a coinci dence, that the last time I was in company with Mr. Lamb, the topic "Australia" turned up. jNeither South Australia nor Victoria were then thought of. I expressed a willingness to emigrate to the great south land, and the amiable essayist denounced such an admission with affected severity. He said when a man born amid literature, and advancing art and science, desired to cross the world to live with kangaroos, he evinced "a barbarous propensity." He kindly added, with a significant glance at mo, that no doubt thtimeaty ones would die in character, and be buried in the stomachs of i, blackfellows. Lamb had no idea of turning his back on picture-galleries, book stalls, and shop- windows. London, and a circuit of about ten miles around it, were to him an earthly Paradise. v Undoubtedly a sense of intermediate dis*. tance, the two conflicting nows, and the utterly dissimilar circumstances in which separated friends find themselves placed, operate powerfully to abridge correspon dence. This cause for silence acts mutually, but the new settler in an unestablished.com munity. experiences many impediments to correspondence, which do not afreet him who remains in his habitual sphere of action. The former has a new mode of life to adopt amid unfamiliar circumstances, some of which are necessarily anticipated. Ht> leaves established order and consolidated system for the vague and chaotic elements of a new and ambiguous political organisation. His future must be cause for anxiety when the future of the'community, of which he has become part, is problematical, ? His where, his how, and his what, have each to be con sidered and decided on; and if he has brought to the infant colony .a family, the present demands on the powers both of head and hands /will be, engrossing and incessent. ;He may feel lofty and well-grounded hope, , arid this feeling will-animate 'the letters, which, in the early years of his colonial life, he transmits to his native land. This hope, perhaps in a majority of instances, is realised, but not without the intervention of many difficulties and some disappointments. He is not anxious to recount these, and he postpones, writing until he can send tidings . of success. This is hot achieved so promptly as he hoped, if at aU, and he waits uutil he can send more satisfactory details. At length he- finds the chasm of non-communica tion so- wide that he shrinks from attempting to leap it; and the longer he hesitates the more forebidding, does the yawning abyss become-. . Such, and athousand such incidents in as many different cases, snap the thread of the immigrant's communications with the " auld house at hame.", But they .who imagine, that absence deadens his interest in home matters, whether domestic, social,, or na tional, do him great injustice. Distance makes him more sensitively alive to all, occurrences "at home";-this is a phrase which he does not abandon after any known period of colonisation. In the early days of the colony the interest taken in the comparatively unfrequent arrivals from home was very great. The little | Post-Office-a wooden shed I think it was . at the north-eastern corner of King'William street was beset hours before the mail-bags reached Adelaide. When a vessel arrived .the fact was whispered from cottage to tent, -and people would get up in the middle of cold, dark, dirty nights and proceed to the office, hoping to obtain their letters even at that unseasonable hour. The office, in a somewhat more substantial building, was afterwards removed to the north-western corner of the street immediately opposite. In both offices we had a Captain Watts for postmaster, brother succeeding brother ; the .second Captain Watts was succeeded by Mr. Lewis, the lately deposed Postmaster, who had previously spent considerable por tion of a life-time in the office. From first to last the Adelaide Post Office might be adopted as a. model for punctuality, regu larity, and courtesy. j In the infantine period of South Australia,' ere the site of the capital was chosen, the first band of settlers set themselves down on the shore of. Holdfast Bay, the present site of Glenelg. TEe.janxiety. for. .news from TUurope a£ that~tlme, of course^ was propor tionately-greater than subsequently. . One v Sunday morning two of the. Government officers were Conducting divine service in the tent on the sea-beach. . They had proceeded Beyond the.first.lesson, when one of the congregation, who was standing hear the entrance, discerned on the horizon an .approaching saiL He whispered the fact to his next neighbour jand immediately vanish ed. The neighbor of course followed. - One by one the . congregation disappeared. The lay clergyman read on paying more regard to speed than distinctness of enunciation. The equally earnest but less rapid clerk uttered the responses'.as nearly as possible simultaneously, which saved a great deal of time. A considerable portion of the second lesson had been got through, when the reader, observing that himself and his coadjutor, were left 'alone, dropped the book, exclaiming-" It's of no use --, come along, there's a ship in sight." : It is told of Dean Swift that once, when performing service in his church in Ireland, no one was present but himself and his clerk,: who rejoiced in the euphonious apella tion Jeremiah. The Dean, with more gram matical than clerical propriety, .wherever the word " brethren" should have come in, altered the phrase to " dearly beloved Jerry." In the cited case of our fellow colonists, not even a Jerry was left in the tent; their precipitate retreat, therefore, was perfectly excusable. 