Literary Notices. TH* value of Mr. Douglas Freshfield'sl!" Travels ir . Central Caucasus and Bashan, mcluding visits tc . Ararat and Tabreez, and asconts of Kazbeo and Elbruz," may bo judged of by tho following descrip tion of the ascent of tho Groat Caucasian tower, Elbruz, 18,493 feet above the level of tho sea, and ^hich had never been ascended until Mr. Freshfield and his companions placed their adventurous foot or the boro patch of rock which crowns tho lofty sum mit of the mountain :T-" Near tho point," sayi our traveller, " whore tho snow began to slopo towards tho baso of the mountain, the crisp surface broke under my feet, and I disappeared, as suddonly as through a trap door into a crevasse. Paul, who was next behind me on the rope, was horror-struck, and his first impulse was to rush to the brink to seo what had become of mo-ao ourse of proceeding which had to be summarily chocked by my companions. The crevasso was ono of those which'gradually enlarge as they descend ; but the check given by tho rope onablod mo at once to plant my feet on a ledge on one sido and my back against "tho other. Tho position was more ludicrous than uncomfortable. I had both hands in my pockets and my ico-ax under my arm ; and owing to tho tightness of tho rope and the cramped space, it was not easy to make the axe sorviccablo without fear of dropping it into the unknown depths below. The snow-crust on tho sido of tho hole I had made broke away beneath my arms whon I tried to raise myself on it, and it cost us all a long struggle before I was hauled out and landed safely. Tho slopes now steepened, the cold grow more intense, and tho wind almost unbearablo, so that altogether the prospect was far from cheer ing. Tho morning star aroused us to a temporary enthusiasm hy the strange accompaniments and brightness of its rising. Horalded by a glow of light which made one of tho party exclaim, ' There comos tho sun !' it leaped forth with a sudden splen dour from amid tho flashes of lightning playing in tho dark cloud that lay below, shrouding the distant steppe. Tho shock was momentary, and wo soon relapsed into a state of icy despair, whioh was riot diminished by the sudden desertion of Paul, who, fairly boaten by the intenso cold, turned and fled down our traces. For hour after hour we wont on without a halt. Í hoping that tho sun ?would hiing with it an increase of warmth. A sunrise viowod from a height equal to that of the toil of Mont Blanc is a scono 1 of unearthly splendour, of which words can convoy hut a foeblo impression. A sudden kindling of the eastern ranges first warned us to ho on tho watch ; in amomont tho snows upon which wo were standing, the crags above us, indcod tho wholo atmosphoro, woro suffused with roso-pink. Tho cloud on tho summit which had changed from black to groy as daylight daAvned, now caught tho prevailing flush, and suddenly melted away, like a ghost who had outstayed his timo. As the huc3 fadod, the sun's orb roso in tho cast, and Hooded us with a stroam of golden rays, which woro soon merged in tho clear light of day. Thor o was no incroaso of warmth as yet, and, dospito tho improved look of tho weathor, it bocamo a serious question whothor wo could go on. By half-past 7 a.m. wo woro at a height of over 16,000 feet, and had now reached tho rocks which formed tho uppor portion of tho cone. Fnding what shelter wo could among them, wu stood shivering, kicking our feet against tho rock, and beating our fingers to preserve them, if possible, from frost-bite, while tho debate whether wo should turn back or not, was curried on in voices almost inaudible from tho chattering of our teeth. On tho ono hand tho wind did not abato and tho risk of frost-bites was growing serious. Tucker and Francois hud no Bonsation in their fingers, and my toes woro similarly j affected. On the other hand tho rocks wore less cold to tho foot and gave some shelter from the weather. Looking hack, wo saw to our surprise two of tho porters advancing rapidly in our foot steps. Wo had almost decided to turn whon they carno up to us, looking fairly comfortable in their big sheopskin cloaks, and quito unaffected by the cold. A third, howovor, who had started with thom, had, liko Paul, given in. I said-' If a porter goes on, I will go with him.' 'If ono goes all go,' added Mooro. Tho decision was accepted, and wo i again sot our faces to tho mountain. Prom this time I tho cold, though severe, ceased to bo painful. A long climb up easy rocks mostly broken small, with hero and thcro a large knob pro jecting from tho surface, brought us to the foot of a low cliff, to surmount which a few stops wore out in an ice-couloir, tho only approach to a difficulty on tho mountain. Arrived on the top of what had long been our sky- line, wo saw as much moro rock above us. Doubts were oven now Mt and expressed as to our success. We persevered, how ovor, making but few and short halts, until tho base of somo bold crags wo had takon long to reach was passed. Almost suddenly, at tho last, wo found our selves on a lovel with thoir tops, and stopped on to a broad crest running east and west. We turned to tho west and faced tho wind for a final struggle. Tho ridgo was easy, and, led by tho porters, wo marched along it in procession, with our hands in our pockots and our ico-axes under our arms, until it culminaied in a bare patch of rock surrounded by snow. This summit was at ono ond of a horso-shoo ridge, crowned by threo distinct eminences, ana including a snowy plateau, whick, evon to our unlearned oyos, irresistibly suggested an old orator. Tho rocks which wo picked up and carried down with us aro of a volcanic character. Wo walked, or rather ran round tho ridge to its oxtremity, crossing two considerable depressions, and visiting all three tops ; under tho farthest, a towor of rock, we found shelter and a quite endurablo temperature. Thore wo Bat down, to examine, as far as possible, into tho details of the vast panorama. The two nativos pointod out tho various valloys, while we endea voured to recognize the mountains. Light clouds woro driving against tho western faco of tho peak, and a sea of mist hid tho northern steppe-other wise the view was clear. Beginning in tho east, tho feature of tho panorama was the central chain botween oursolvos and Kazbec. I never saw any group of mountains which boro so well boing looked down upon as tho great peaks which stand over tho sourceB of tho Tchorok and Tchegem. Tho Ponninos from Mont Blanc look puny in comparison with Koschtantau and his neighbours from Elbruz. Tho Caucasian groups aro finer and tho peaks sharper, and there was a .suggestion of unsoen depth in the trenches separating them, that I never noticed so forcibly in any alpine view. Turning southwards, tho double-toothed TJschba still asserted himself, although at last dis tinctly boneath us ; the greater part of tho summits and snowfields of tho chain between us and Suanetia lay, as on a relieved map at our feet, and we could seo beyond them tho snowy-crested ranges of the Turkish frontior." The ascent of Kazbec, and visits to other places are described in much the same sort of style. It is a pity that Mr. Freshfield is nota little moroskilledin drawing word-pictures. A literary (artist of tue right sort mighthavo given us a prose poem from the dreariest peak of Caucasus, instoad of a mere dry detail of tho muscular exertion displayed, and thc physical suffering experienced, during tho ascent of the mountain. In the absence of tho necessary literary ability to do justice to such scenes as open on tho sight of a traveller who ascends a lofty peak like that of Elbruz, how advantageous would it be for tho traveller to provide himself with a small portable camera, containing a few dry plates, which, after exposure, might be developed at pleasure. He would thuB be able to preserve an accurate record of the scenes of tho mountain top, and from this record any number of copies might betaken for the uso of his friends and the public. An instrument has beon manufactured and patented quito recently in London, which will be of great uso to tourists, and onablo thom to supply any number of illustrations of their travels. This instrument is capablo of containing a camera and lens, twonty-ono sensitivo plates ready for oxposuro, and all other requisites, tho size of tho whole being no more than eight inches high by five inches deep. Tho lower part of tho apparatus contains tho Bonsitivo plates, which, by tho action of two han dles, are brought up to be exposed in tho camera, and then stored away without there being any chance of either a hitch or a failuro. Tho only skill required on the part of tho tourist in using this instrument would roíate to tho length of timo during which tho plates should bo exposed, and this amount of skill could bo easily acquired. Wo wish Mr. Freshfield had had an apparatus of this sort whon ho was on tho top of tho Caucasus. There is always however, " a good time coming." Not only is it possiblo that Elbruz will bo climbed by other travellers, but other peaks of vast height in the same rango have yet to be ascended, and have yot to crown adventurous tourists with such fame as belongs to those whose feet first press tho mountains' misty top. The Minghi-tan, tho double-tusked Usohba, the Tan Borkusehol, the Koschtantau, and tho Dichtau (tho latter 16,911 feet above thc sea-lovel) have, in most cases, never beon pressed by tho foot of man. Photographs, and more especially stereoscopic photographs, of tho sconory of theso mountains, and of tho scenery of othor ranges of mountains, would constitute a valuable educa tional instrument for schools and families. A AVISE mAN may bo pinched by povorfcy, but only a fool will let himself bo pinched by tight shoes. Tnii man that is happy in all things, is moro raro than the pheonix. THE wise mau knows ho knows nothing, tho fool thinks ho knows all. INQUIRY.-It is a shameful thing to bo weary of inquiry when what we searcli for is excellent. IDLENESS.-There aro but very few who know how to bo idle and innocent. By doing nothing wo loam to do ill. FRIENDS.-Gain a friend by a quarrel, if it is possiblo ; never lose ono, however-this is possible ; for there is a peculiar modo of conduct, even when dissension reigns, that commands veneration andgoncratcs esteem. "WIDOWS.-"If over you think of marrying a widow, my son, " said an anxious parent to his heir, " select ono whoso first husband was hung; that is tho only way to provent her throwing his memory in your face, and making annoying comparisons. "-"Even that won't prevent it, " exclaimed a crusty old bachelor ; " she'll tbeu praise hun, and say hanging would bu too good for you. " 