REVIEW. (From the Graqphie, May 7.) Lothair: by the Right Hon. B. Disraeli. London. Longmans. A new novel by Mr. Disraeli has been a literary sensaeation more than once. Are thereany veterans, we wonder, who distinctly recollect that caused by " Vivian Grey"-a book written while its author was in his teens, yet full of something which is a very good imitation of knowledge of the world P In those days "young Disraeli" and the two Bulwers, vigor ously precocious, were intimate allies, with a firm re solve to startle the world if they might not reform it, and with a great penchant for dressing themselves picturesquely in black velvet. In his preface to the reprint of this first work of his, Mr. Disraeli tells us that " books written by boys, which pretend to give a picture of manners, and to deal in knowledge of human nature, must necessarily be founded on affects tion." Although this is true,yet does "Vivian Grey" contain an amount of humorous eharacter-painting and of epigrammatic conversation which is perfectly marvelloue; indeed, while the latter part of the story is extremely dull, the commencement has more buon ancy and brilliancy than anything its author has since produced. It is the gay extravaganza of a clever and dauntless boy just entering the world. The frolic fan tastic style has a curious charm; you cannot help being infected by the writer's inexhaustible volatility and rivacity. Our personal recollection extends to the time when Young England wore its waistcoats white as snow, and Smythe, member for Canterbury (afterwards Lord Strangford), wrote his famous ballads, and Disraeli made hIim the hero of "Coningsby." "OConceivedand partly executed amid the glades and galleries of the lreepdoen," it was dedicated to Hoenry Hope, and its professed design was to "picture the development of the now and better mind of England." Whatever may be thought of the success which attended this design, it is certain that the book contains some capital character-painting, and abundant epigram of unrivalled teroeness. Rieb., the vitriolic critic-" no one ould lash a woman like Rligby"- r. Wordy's history of Europe in forty volumes, proving that Providence is always on the side of the Tories--the marvellous pro grssiveuness of Mr. G-. O. A. Head and the mystical utterances of the oracular Sidonia--euch are the points in which Mr. Disraeli excels all other writers of fic tion. He sketches his characters in a few brief sen tences, but they are unmistakable. His sarcasms are like the sharp touches of a rapier's point. In "Ooningaby," we are disposed to think, his most feli citous qualities culminated, yet assuredly "Sybil" is a most remarkable book, with more powerful writing in it thanany of its dedecessors. "Tancred," though full of cleverness, is inferior as a work of art, and un satislefactorily vague. Now we have " Lotlhair," which, of course, every. body has been already rushing to read. What shell we say of itP Well, there is afamily of charming young ladies in the book, one of whom makes this remark, " My brother says we are all too much alike, and that Bertha St. Aldegone would be perfect if she had no sisters." Something like this may be said of "Lotbair;" it is too much like its author's other hooks. We should enjoy it more if we had not reed "The Young Duke," end "Tancred." The notion of a young noble, with princely estates and Iligh aspi rations, who does not know what creed or what career to choose, is a manifest favourite with Mr. Disraeli. Perlhaps his first attempt to work it out, though made full forty years ago, is more successful than tihe letter ones. The Duke of St. James is a more interesting uand a more probable personage than either Tencred or Lothair. Concerning neither Asiac Mystery nor (Ecumnenical Council does he per ple hlimself, but falls in love and ruvs in debt right ducally. lr. Disrmeli's latter heroes are too transcen dental ae'd too sentiomental. Lotlhair, forecample, is almost the least interesting character in thle book which beart his name. So weak and colourless is he that we wonder Lady Corisando is in lose with him. Corisande-that is the fair fantastic name of the charming heroine--loveliest of the group of Dukoe's daughters, whom we meet on the thlreshold of the tale. Not to many men is it given to make a man a duke, and likewise to make his daughter a heroino. Corisande sounds like a name from a fairy tale; it is, with the difference we believe of a letter, a favourite baptismal name in the ducal house of Gramont. Hr. Disrseli is food of sketching the characters he sees Saroupd him. Some of his portraits, as that of Count I D'Orsay in " IHenrietta Temple," and of Lord Lonse 1 date in "Tanored," are photographs in their nou racy. In the present work there are no sketches of asuch exactitude, but less formal likenesses of people to be met in society croed the pages. It will be a nice amusement for the ingenious reader to guess at the originals. Simple enough, though not very probable, is Mr. Disraeli's story. Lotiair is a young noble of high rank and immLenecee e-tatep. He is left an orphanwith two guardians-one a S.otch Presbyterian peer and the other an English clergyman who has gone over to Rome and become a enrditul. Lothair comes of age with his head full ofvague niotions, political and re. ligious and his education in these matters is under taken by two ladies of widely different views. One is Clare Arundel, a charming daughter of Rome, in tensely in earnest, who betoakes herself to a sonvent shen she finally fails in Catholicising Lothair. The other is an Italian lady, brought up amid revolutions, and wedded to an adventurous American colonel. She is styled Theodora, is in close alliance with Garibaldi, and may be described as something between Ristori and the lady once known as Miss Meriton White. Enchanted and magnetised by her, Lothair turns out as a Garibaldian volunteer, is wounded at Mentana, and taken to Rome. There Miss drondel' and the priests get hold of him; the Virgin is said to work a miracle in his favour, and he is very nearly won over. But the ghost of Theodore, who had died - of a wound received in a skirmish, appears to him in the Coliseum, and prevents his perversion. So he gets away from his sacerdotal friends, and, after a trip to Jerneusalem, comes baeok and marries Lady Oorisantle, living happily ever after, acoording to the good old story- baok fashion. This is a slight narrative enough, and those parts of it whlich deal with the Garibaldian expedition, and with the priestly attempts to pervert the hero, are uncommonly dull reading. No man can put English polities into a novel more brilliantlythan Mr.'Dis rcel; no writer has so light a hand for the odpsles and Tapers, the club quidnunes and intrigniog dne. ladies, the debates and demagogues of om home arena, but Ihe really becomes prosy when be describes plotting Fenians and fierce Garibaldians, uad Cardinals and Monsignori onthusiastic about the (Ecumenical Council. By the way, an odd slip bf the pen (vol. iii. p. 254) betrays the original of one: of these ecclesiastical dignitaries. While, however, the story is slight, and its political episodes are uninteresting, it contains an immense amount of Mr. Disraeli's most vivid charactor-eketch. ngn and most pungent epigram. Cardinal Grandieon is a sketch of tie Roman prelate from a point of vier- - unlike Mr. Browning's when he made Bishop Blou gram confess his weaknesses, but the novelist's crea tion turns out eventually quite as unsearupuiilotseas' -: the poet's. Mr. Putney GOiles, Lothair's aolicitor and chief agent, is capitally depicted; so is his wife Apol lonia, niece of an Irish peer, whose "principal mission was to destroy the Papacy and to secure Italian unity." Giles, for some inexplicable reason, had been christened Pst?ey ; and the lady never droe.ped that territorial appellation. Then we have the Duke of Brecos, and Lord St. Aldegonde, who is heir to.a doukedom, and who has married a sister of the lovely ' Lady Corisande. TheDuke ofBrecon isa wooerofthe . heroine, and St. Aldegone hates him,though the reasons he gives for his detestation vary. "Sometimes it was because the Duke drove piebalds; sometimes bseans " he had a large sum in the funds, which St. Aldegoode thought disgraceful for a dukes sometimes becausehe wore a particular sort of hat, though with respect to this last allegation, it does not follow that St. Aide gonde was justified in his criticism, for in alt thens matters St. Aldegonde was himself very defioient4 'and had once strolled up James's-street, with his dishesrlled locke crowned withl a wideawake. Whatever?pight be - the canes, St. Aldegonde generally wound op-"Itell you what, Bertha, if Corisande marries that fellow, I have made up my mind to go to the Indian Ocean. It ' is a country I never have seen, and Pinto tells me you cannot do it well under five years.' St. Aldegonde is quite the most amusing and raciest cheracter in the book. There is a capital scene at Lothair's plas~ On i Sunday morning, when the bishop of the diouese is to preach in the chapel of the castle. St. Aldbgonide horrifies every one by coming to breakfast in a shoot ing jacket of brown velvet, a pink shirt,eo cravat, and his rch brown looks more dishevelled than usual.' After breakfast, the bishop is talkmng suavely with the ladies, who cluster somewhat adoringly round him. "Lord St. Aldegonde, who, whether there were a fire or not, always stood with his back to the fire-place, with his hands in his pockets, moved discourteonuely among them, assumed his usual position, and listened, as it were, grimly for a few moments, to their talkh t . then he soddenly exclaimed, in a loud voice, and with the groan of a rebellious Titan, "How Ihate Sunday !" For the reeslts of this appalling ejacolation we refer the inquisitive reader to the book itself. Brancepeth, "celebrated for his dinners, still more for bis guests," is another brilliant little sketabch. With him St. Aldegonde, who Ihates dining out, is reluctantly induced to dine, and eats nothing, superb - as are the menua; and when pressed to take some thing, asks for some cold meat. Then there is Pinto,' a Portuguese, who has mysteriously obtained a promi- :. nent position in Englishl society. " His conversation was sparkling, interesting, and fluent, yet it was observed that he never gave an opinion on any sub ject, and never told an anecdote. Indeed, he would sometimes remark, "when a man fell into his anoeedotage it was a sign for him to retire from the world." The apholrism is true, and the paronomasia is not bad : 'a*srlorer means never.. before issued- hut has anybody ever heard an aneos ' dote which is not in Joe Miller's repertory P Pinto, being complimented on his English, thus responds: "English is an expressive language, but not difcult to master. Its range is limited. It consists,as far as I clan observe, of four words-nice, jolly, charming, and bore; and some grammarians add fond" Not ay had criticism of the people who use slang, which is the language of such human beings as are incapable of houghlt.. Next in originality to Lord St. Aldegoude is the portrait of Gaston Phmbus, the successful artist; a man of limitless rigour and vanity. Of Gascon family, the old type was repruduced in this prosperous painter. " He was the Gascr, noble of the sixteenth century, with all his brilliuancy, bravery, and boastful- y ness; equally rain, arrogant, and ecentric ; accom plished in all the daring or the graceful pursuits of man, yet nursed in all thle philoeophy of our times." It is easy to see of whom Air. Disraeli was thinking, though hie has heightened the colouring of his picture. In the beat of modern artiste there is a combative chivalrous spirit, and you can see that they would handle rapier as deftly end dexterously as pencil. Mr. Phoebus detests thie Semitic race, and loses no opportunity of inculcating Aryan principles of art " the art of design in a nountry inhabited by a first rate race, and where the laws, the manners, the customs, are calculated to maistain the health and beauty of a first-rate race ... . Semitism has destroyed art; "it taught man to despise his own body, and the essence of art is to honour the human frame." And he goes on, when explaining his ideas to Lothair, to make statements which are etartling, to . say the least. "Books are fatal; they are the curse of the hIuman race. Nine-tenthe of exsting books are nosense, and the clever hooks are the refutation of that nonsense. The greatest misfortune that err befel man was the invention of printing. Printing has destroyed education . . What I admire in the order to which you belong is that they do lied in air; that they excel in athletic sports; that they can only speak one language; and that they never read. This is not a complete education, but it is tile highest education sineu the Greek." Our young patricians may feel themselves in some degree encouraged and . comforted by the heterodos opinions of Mr. Gaston Phebus. But we can fancy we behold Mr. Matthew Arnold, his right hand pointing to the silent spires and massive towers and busy quadrangles of Oxford, while hlie eaclaims SThere are our young bbariens --all at play." That ler. Disraeli discomfits his artist, and makes Semitic Ipriniciples stronger than Aryan, will of course be anticipated by all who remember Sidonia's lecture to Coningsby, fluent yet mysterious, what time they drank perry together at nit inn buried deep in tIhe forest of Sherwood. With all that, he has evidently sketched the painter with irfilite enjoyment; arnd when he gets him on bo,:rJ his yacht, ard sends him out to an Rgean islrand witl his beautiful wife, and her sister aptly named Euphrosyne, and Lothlair as their guest, tie sceneo becomes pure idyl. If there were space, we might indicate many more of Mr. Disraeli's brilliant anid fntastic skeethes. But we must sum ip briefy. Tie book is nothing as a story, or sno a work of art, but it is a gallery or the richest rnd most varied portraiture. Its author has the power which belonged to Titian, Vardyke, Roey nolds. lie can paint men and wornen. lIo makes them miore nod lice. le knorws all octaves and neances of our higher society. lie can reproduce the conroversation of gentlemelt and ladies, whenl wittiest and pleasantest. His groups are equal to Wattesau, his comedy to Congreve. And hIe is, after all, unique \--he is Disraeli. 