Correspondence " J. S.'s" SCRAPS. (To the Editor of the Protestant Standard.) SIR,- “J. S.” has, in one of his recent articles, aimed a blow at one of our most useful church institutions — Moore College. Had his statement been true, we could have found no fault. He classes that in- stitution with Christ Church, "for the Ritualistic tendencies of some of the text books now in use in Moore College, Liver pool — Brown, on the Thirty-Nine Articles, Wheatly, on Common Prayer, &c.;" Now, we can assert, and the same will be found in the programme in the first number of this year's Churchman, that at least Wheatly is not a text-book ; what is meant by the &c.; to be further insinuated, we can only say it is an ungenerous mode of attack upon an institution, the heads of which have been noted by their publica tions, their teaching and preaching, to be anti-Ritualistic and anti-Popish. But we have yet to learn whether what is Ritualistic (supposing Wheatly to be such a writer) is unsound, and prohibited by the Word of God. The Jewish dispensa tion was Ritualistic by the express ap pointment of God; our Saviour conformed to Ritualism, so did St. Paul, and so the Primitive Churches, and so the Moravians, and so some of the Independents, and so some of the Wesleyans ; that the Church of Rome and modern Ritualists in the Church of England have abused Ritualism, and thereby overshadowed by a ceremonial of symbolism. The plain truth of the gospel is no argument against Ritualism itself, "for the abuse of a thing is no argu ment against the use of it." However, what we complain of, is the untruthfulness and ungenerous insinuation included in the charge. To show how loosely "J.S." writes upon subjects, we must refer to another case— (we write from memory)- — Being the great oracle of the day, some party applied to him for his opinion on the choir of a church usurping the responses his answer, was, "that he knew of no authority, save a certain Canon," and then added by a quotation from one of- his Ritualistic allies, " that the Lord's Prayer may be sung'' Now the Canon Law has no force in this colony, nor any Authority whatever with laymen, and only partially so with clergymen, who may have subscribed to portions of it; and the rubric before the Lord's Prayer, expressly states.;— " The minister, clerks, and people shall say the Lord's Prayer with a loud voice." While in reference to the creed, the rubric is, it shall be said or sung. We merely notice these statements to show the incapacity of this oracular guide. Passing over the Papisti cal quotation from the Rev. W. Sewell, and the charge ; " that " S . '' has been at tempting to conceal or apologise for Ritual ism or Popery," — a defamation which the editor would seem to approve of, — we come to one' of his fresh allies, for his' al lies are as numerous, and not dis-similaf to Falstaff's army — Goldwin ; Smi th; who declares the' Bible to be a Sehlcd Book to the Theologian of the Estab lished Church, except for the discovery of arguments in support of the doctrines pre sented, by law, &c.; Yet,, strange to say, ' J.S.,'' in No. XV I. declares that-, the Church' of England is the most divided church' in Christendom. It has amongst its authorised teachers men of every shade of opinion, from Infidelity on the one hand to rank Papistry 'on the other. Surely these two writers, can't row in the same boat, Yet, in the face of this charge of the unseating of the Bible and' laxity of interpretation and latitudina- riauism of opinion, " J.S " very con sistently enlists Goldwin Smith to accuse the Church of England of making the Bible a sealed book. We see how well qualified this writer is for a controver- siaiisti. ' Out of . his own mouth he is re futed,. But it is evident that he does not comprehend the writer he has quoted, for G. Smith has a limitation to the seal ing of the Bible..- The signification of the passage is. that all ministers who volunta rily subscribe to the Articles, &e.;, of the church, are bound to defend them and ex pound, the Scriptures in accordance with tlicm, not that this rule is euforccd.in the church, for there is 110 church which ad mits of so much toleration as the- Church of England. And now I ask "J.S." would he dare to preach or teach contrary to articles of his own church, or would any of the numerous churches allow min isters to teach or preach contrary to the articles they have subscribed to T So far, then, the Bible is a sealed book in all churches having standard , creeds. Next, G. Smith, says, " The Privy Council are bound to look solely to the statutes and to the articles, &c.;, and not to compare them with the Holy Scriptures, &o.;, that is in the trial of offenders, or in disputed questions of opinions, &c.;" In what way would " J.S." himself be tried be fore bis church court? We presume by. the standards : of ; his church, not whether they be scriptural or not, but having subscribed to these standards; on conviction that tbey . are scriptural; hiir offence would be in violating them, and thus viotatg the standard creed he bhad voluntarily subscribed' to : and so with the ministers of every other Church having standards of subscription. Next, this Sceptic , for evidently such "is bis charac ter, asks " Who would be so infatuated as to take the pretended conclusions of theo logians placed under such conditions for mere assurances of his faith ?" What no means by " pretended conclusions," we must leave to his familiar friend— but the expression looks very like Irishism. We would like " J. S." to answer this question in relation to the articles and teaching of his own church— a belief in the faith as laid down — he is bound to instruct in, although it may be pretended or a mere assurance. Next G. Smith states that no assistance or comfort can be derived in our perplexities from any of them, however acute, learned and elo quent, &c.; Perhaps not, Scepticism and Infidelity is sometimes rooted so deeply in men's hearts that they say—" There is no God" — that they deny the Lord who bought them, that they are as natural brute beasts, made to be taken and de- stroyed, &c.;, that while they promise themselves liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption," &c.; But that is no reason because many men are sceptical that others do not or cannot de rive assistance or comfort in their per plexities, or that the lips of prayer or ex position or exhortation are seated by law. The whole statement is in contradiction to facts, that from amongst the clerical and lay- writers and expositors of the Church of England have ever to be found men who have' grappled with the most ab struse subjects of science and divinity, unbound by law, their work being acknowledged as stan dard works by all Christian denomin ations ; while as to the multitudes that have become partakers of tlie salvation of the Cross through the instrumentality;of her ministers (deeply sceptical as many of them were), who can count the sum ? It is melancholy to see "J. S." bandying such statements without seeing the fallacy of them. We come next to the new auxiliary — the apostate Dr. Newman. "Wo hope the scrupulous. -editor, (will pardon, us for using, the term- " apostate"- to this new associate of " J. S." . . . , T It! is natural' for Dr. Newman to set up some' defence for' his change of, creed. He; therefore, deals ,in this case , in . ", a j probability.", He says, " There was great antecedent probability ." : " Yet," he says, " to what extent the surmise may be true, could only be' ascertained by investi gation/and what is this .surmise, this antecedent probability ?" Why, that the Reformers, like the Arians, drew up their creed, using vague, ambiguous language, which to the subscribers would bear; a Catholic sense, &c.; Yet, he admits the Articles look fierce at first sight; in other words; that while' the Homilies de clare the Pope and Cardinals to be the An tichrist, the' Church of Rome to be the great whore, and denounces her in the most unmistakeable language.; yet that, all these statemeu ts, these denunciations are merely hypocritical blinds, and, are not to be understood in their , plain and . obvious meaning. This is exactly the doctrine of a Jesuit. He then sing'es out one of the Articles — \the 35th — to show the imposition prac- tised on subscribers, the trap, in fact, laid for them : that a number - of these very papistical doctrines, which they are taught to deny, is part and parcel of that very Protestantism which they were taught to be divine. Here we have some more of the Jesuit's teaching for truth what is false. Now the Homilies were expressly published tor the times. Many of tne clergymen who remained in the Church were Roman Catholics; many more were utterly ignorant, and these Homilies, which contain some of the clearest expositions of the Gospel, and some of the strongest denunciations against Popery, and, which met with the warmest approval of the Continental Divines, were provided to meet this difficulty. Their language in ! some cases is old fashioned, and perhaps the- terms used are obsolete.' Unfortunately, the edition we have is not the same as the twenty-six quotations, selected by " J. S." . from his new ally, the apostate Dr. Newman, and therefore we find it difficult to" reply to them. It is a rule, however,, to take '.the sense of terms used; as' adopted by ! the1 author, otherwise' we may draw altogether'' unjust inferences. Now the term -'Scrip-' ture, on which so much is relied, is used ' in the Homilies in a peculiar sense, &D;& not implying the Holy Scripture; thus in the Homily on ''Perils of Idolatry, the Books and Scriptures of Images andT Pictures ; " then again, " Scriptures of Laymen, and Books and Scriptures," while in the same page the Bible is designated God's Book, and his Holy Scripture; while in the Homily of Fasting, the Bible is termed the Sacrect Scriptures, their "carved and painted writings, &c.; Besides this distinction of Scripture and God's Word, the Articles and Homilies insist upon God's Word as- the only foundation of salvation — " reverently hear and read Holy Scripture,, which is the food of the soul," for in Holy Scripture is fully contained what wc ought to do. The words of the Holy Scrivturc he called words of everlasting life. The salvation of man is fully contained in the Scripture of Cod." The Homily further distinguishes between God's word and the stinking puddles of mens traditions. So that the word of God is pre-eminently de- clared to be the only foundation of faith. Beside which, the Homily further pre- serves the distinction between prophets, apostles, doctors, father's, &c.; ; showing that they are not held in the same 'cate gory. The Reformers quoted many of these, as well as heathen writers as ex amples of certain virtues and practices. Respecting Tobit, that the book is the teaching of the Holy Ghost and Scripture, we certainly think the language very uueautious, hut we musfc remember that many persons are des cribed in the Scriptures as moved the Holy Ghost, besides prophets and apostles ; while the word Scripture here and in the Book of Wisdom, &c.;, &c.;, is used, but not Holy Scripture. \- There are several auiusing quotations' given, as in No. 8 " that the Holy Bishops, Ac., had great authority and i credit with the people" , "so the Pope has, at this da3r." No. 11.— "That Augustine. Chrysostoni, &c.;, &c.;, had the title of saint, and others were called Ancient. : Catholic Fathers." What is - objectionable in this ? Saint is a term we use every day, a term used by the apos tles to the members of the various churches—" that the souls of saints 'are reigning in joy and in Heaven with God." Truly, the Bible teaches this, and so we may proceeed to show the little ground there is for the charge of there being traps for the subscribers to the articles, respecting the quotations as to- alms deeds. We have in a former let ter treated that subject Respecting the Sacraments, the articles especially .d'e- elare there are but two, and that con firmation, penance, orders, matrimony, and extreme unction arc not to be count ed as Sacraments The phraseology may be loose, so that a Jesuit like Dr. Newman may twist it, but tlie funda mental teachings of the Church, is that there arc ; but two Sacraments. Respecting the,-, Primitive Church and; first the (our Councils ; these are regarded, as strong proofs, as well as the ancient creeds, as strong: evidences, not foe. but against Popery— " Those Councils sppa.k of, a certain truth, which they are - enforcing, why., as . declared by God's word." What .was this certain truth — : the Divinity of Christ, the contest of the Avian heresy '? t -We have, been only, able to 'deal with, .a, few of these extracts' for tlie reason, assigned, and now must .,come;i;.::to;..-.'''the.-..- gravamen of cliarce, or. more rprqpcrly assertion, that- thp' Articles, Hc»nilies, and Book of Com mon ( Prayer aro Popish. We may rest upon a mere counter assertion' that they 'are hotj bnt we will briefly collate, l'st, the Articles. — The Church of Rome 1 teaches' the insufficiency of written revela-; tion— that the Word, of God includes:' Scripture and tradition. The Church of England declares that Holy Scripture containcth all things necessary to salva- vation, and that we are nnt required to believe anything as an article of faith as necessary to salvation that may not be: proved thereby ; while the Church of Rome declares it is a rule infallible and catholic, that whatsoever things the Church of Rome bclieveth, h.ild. th, and kecpeth, and "are not delivered in tlie Scriptures, the same enmo . by. traditions from the Apostles. Here tlie two churches . ave directly opposed on a great funds- mental principle. So on the Article of J ustification— the Church of England' . teaches we are 'justified by faith only, ther . Ohurbb. of Rome declares those to be dcciiised who believe ia justification ty faith only. — Council of Trent, On goodf works the Churoh-of England declares that good works cannot pat away sin, that works of supererogation cannot be iaaght without arrogancy and impiety , &c.; ; iridic the Church of Home teaches works it o be essential to salvation, and that saints can have Buck a superfluity of works .as to form a treasury for those who are insufficient. On the sacraments -tho church declares there are but two suora- jncnbs; the Church of Home, seven. The former condemns transubstantiation, and the withholding the cup fropi the laity, 3tnd should be administered in botli kinds, condemns the Sacrifice of the Mass as a blasphemous fable ; ;that traditions and ceremonies must not bo repugnant to the Word of God ; that Purgatory has no warrant of . Scripture ; that speaking to tho congre gation should not ho in a tounguc not understood ; that the Pope of Rome has no jurisdiction in this realm of England. Bo that there is the clearest protest against .Popery that can be in our art!cles, even to the condemnation of pardons, worshipp ing, and adoration, as well of images as of relics, and also innovation of saints, as repugnant to the Word of God (xxii. Art.) We find no such clear and decisive articles as these in " J.S.'s section of the church. The Prayer-book and the Roman Catho lic Missal are widely different. The ser vices of the church iu the one are in the -wulgar tongue, of the other, in a language unintelligible to tho people. Tn the pray ers of the Church of England all are offered up through Christ as the one only mediator, while in the Church of Home there are numerous litanies to a multitude of saints and intercessors who :aro more potent than Christ himself. The priests are made sacrificing priests, the altar a sacrificing altar. We have shown in a former letter the wide difference be tween the absolution service and the bap tismal rites. So that taking and collating 'the two books, it may be said that they are as widely different as the articles themselves. We have no prayers for the dead, no distinctions between venial and mortal sin ; no auricular confession ; no acknowledgment of the supicmacy of Peter; no headship of the Pope. In short, the differences arc so wide and un- jmistakeable that the charge can only 1 e made from either ignorance or misconct p- tion. When we recollect that Buoer, Martyr, Calvin, John Knox, &c.;, were all mere or less consulted on the Articles, Prayer 3Book, and Homilies (it is said John Knox framed the 17th Article), and that these have stood the test of time, and re vived the confirmation of numbers of the most able divines and laymen ; and that tho .Nonconformists did not object to the doctrines, but to the usages and cere, monies ot the church. However, wo may. object to some of the phraseology, wo be jieve, after the reflection of a long life- -time, that we can conscientiously adopt -them as a whole ; and that we enjoy in the Church of England freedom of action, an open Bible, association with men of intelligence and piety, a wide sphere for -usefulness, and that we are not bound up an any narrow compact. At the same time we do not believe in her infallibility, smd acknowledge that there is space for improvement ; and, wo may add, that we have taken a prominent part in such matters. Respecting the Homilies, we wish one- half of the various clergy would studv them diligently, and adopt the clear and scriptural language they deal in. As an old man, we find meat and drink in them, and something more soul-edifying than the .flippant and shallow discourses, or rather bowlings with which we r.re so often gflagued in these days of pulpit oratory and attempts of something fine. The Homily on Beading the Scriptures, the Misery of Man, the Salvation of Man kind, faermon ou Faith, Good Works, on Hie Resurrection, Repentance, which are doctrinal questions— where, we ask, will we find more scriptural or more anti- popish statements. As " J, S." has quoted so largely from bishops, professors, doctors, &c.;, of the -Church, we may, if space , would admit, quote from the Fathers of the Church who drew up the Articles, and who sealed their belief in them at lie stake, as much more competent ex- ponents than- the host of authorities labed together by the modern reformer. What said Old Latimer in preaching he- fore the King? "Saith Peter, we be born again. How ? not by a mortal seed, £ut by an immortal. Wbit is this im mortal seed,?., by the Word of the living God — by the- Word of God.prerched and opened— thus: cometh our new birth. " A traitor may receive tho crown, and yet be a true king, nothing more; so an hypocrite and inudel may receive the ex ternal sign of baptism, and yet be no christian man anymore, as Simon 'Magus and others."— Hooper. " A man that is regenerate eonsisteth of two men, namely, of the old and the new." — (See Fathers of the English Church. ) — Bradford. At a time when we arc attacked by treason within tho Churcli, and, accord ing to the Jesuits oath to destroy tho Church of England ; at a time when we see the same insidious foe that has gained such position at home, is now creeping into these colonies, when we should ex pect sympathy from other religionists, it is painful to see an opponent from with out raking together the writings of these meo, and trying by every scrap he can collect, to undermine and decry the very standards of the Church, and so, if possi ble, to lessen her influence by pronounc ing her corrupt and Papistical ; but sho has outlived tho assaults of men of higher calibre, deeper thought, and more skilled in controversy ; and we have little doubt will weather the tempest benefitted by the trial. We would, conclude with two brief extracts. " The men of that time (the Reformation) had a great deal of -truth, &c.;, they dug very deep and brought up much gold, and many gems. They fought against error with well furnished weapons, smote with sinewy arms ; they deserve highly from the world as its great benefactors, nor can any meed be too lionorahle for tliem to receivo." — Chamber's Journal. "The Reformation must be regarded with devout gratitude to every advocate of religious liberty and scriptural truth,, See. A free circulation was given to tlie word of life, with all their imperfections. Cranmer, and the divines were inen of a high and noble spirit, who 'zealously laboured in the cause of lmnian im provement, their situation was perplex ing and difficult, almost beyond ex- ample. —A'noMAs; Price, But in ".J.S's'' estimation they were tyrannical and opposed to liberty. ' ' ' v?'-;-; ; s. ; A farewell wovil to the editor m the next: As our correspondent "S.'' lias now con cluded his reply to " John Search," we shall give space for one or two letters by way, of re joinder. We need hot remind;" John Search " that the '-ojoindcr must he 'strictly' relevant to the questions ''originally.-' raised, and must not travel over the 'desultory 'and irrelevant mat ters introduced by our correspondent ' " S." We shall have no cause forcoinplaint if " John Search's " concluding observations ho as free from bitterness and personalty as his opening ones were. Wc arc aware that " S." -basinet thanked us for our requests that he sliould de- sist from his personalities ; but wc cannot help it if oft'encc should be taken ' by otir. ruling such unnecessary allu-ions to ho " out "of order.'' — Ed. -P.)?. ' ;>- ' 