DUNGEONS. My mind being full of this story, I keep an eye on every gate and trap that might lead me either up or down into a prisoner's cell. My leave to roam about the convent yards is free and though I am seldom left alone, except when lodged in my private room, some chance of loitering round the ramparts falls in my way from time to time. The monks retire about 7 o'clock, and as the sun sets late in the summer months, I stroll through the woods and round by the Holy Lake, while Father John is laying our supper of cucumbers and sprats. Sometimes I get a peep at strange places while the fathers are at mass. One day when strolling at my case I come into a small court-yard, which my clerical guides have often passed by a flutter of wings attracts me to the spot, and, throwing a few crumbs of bread on the ground, I am instantly surrounded by A thousand beautiful doves. They are perfectly came. Here, then, is that colony of doves which the Archimandrite told his people were not disturbed by the English guns and looking at the tall buildings and the narrow yard, I am less surprised by the miracle than when the story was told me by the monks. Lifting my eyes to the sills from which these birds came fluttering down, I see that the windows are barred, that the door is strongly bound. In short, this well masked edifice is the convent gaol; am' if I. lies on me quickly that behind these grated frames, against which the doves are pecking and cooing, lies the mystery of Solovctsk. In going next day round the Convent yards and walls with my two attending fathers, dropping into the grass-house, the school, the dyeing-room, the main- yard, and the weavers' tower, I lead the way, as if by merest chance, into this pigeons' court. Referring to the Archi- mandrite's tale of the doves, I ask to have that story told again. Hundreds of birds are cooing and crying on the window-sills, just as they may have done on the eventful feast of our Lady of Kazan. "How pretty these doves ! What a song they sing " " Pigeons have a good place in the convent" says the father at my side. "You see we never touch them ; doves being sacred in our eyes, on account of that scene on the Jordan, when the Holy Ghost came down to our Lord in the form of a dove." " They seem to build by preference in this court." " Yes, it is a quiet corner ; no one comes into this yard ; yon windows are never opened more within." An this is the convent prison ? " " Yes ; this is the old monastic prison." " Are any of the Fathers now confined in the place?" "Not one. We have no criminals at Solovetsk." " But some of the Fathers are in durance, eh ? For instance, where is that monk whom we brought over from Archangel in disgrace ? Is he not here ?" " No ; he has been sent to the Desert near Striking Hill." " Is that considered much of a penalty ?" " By men like him, it is. In the Desert he will be alone ; will see no women, and get no "Let us go up into this prison and see the empty cells." ." Not now" . ' < "Why not? I am curious about old pri- sons, especially about church prisons; and can , tell you how the dungeons of Solovetsk would look beside those of Seville, Antwerp, and Rome." 4, . i " . , 1 >" We cannot enter: it is not allowed." , , " Not allowed to see empty cells ! < Were you not told to show me every part of the convent Is there a place into which visitors must not come ?" . ''' " "". The two Fathers step aside for a private talk, during which feed the pigeons and hum a tune. ,, ,,, ',,.,",'', , " We cannot go in there,-r-;at least t,oTd,'iy.',' t " Good !'" I answer in a careless tone. in Get v t leave, and we will come this way to-morrow. Stay; to-morrow we sail to Zadfc. > Why not go, in at once and finish what we have yet to see down here ? " They feel that time would be gained by going in now ; but, then, they have no keys. All keys are kept in the guard-room, under the Lieutenant's eyes. More talk takes place between the monks and doubt on doubt arises as to the limit of their powers. Their visitor has a tune, and throws more crumbs of bread among the doves, who frisk and flutter to his feet, until the windows are left quite bare. A Father passes into the house, is absent some time, returns with an officer in uniform carrying keys. While they are mounting steps and opening doors, the pil- grim goes on feeding doves, as though he did not care one whit to follow and see the cells. But when the doors roll back on their rusty hinges, he carelessly follows his guides up the prison steps. The first floor consists of a long-dead corridor ; underground, ten or twelve vaults arranged in a double row. These cells are dark and empty. The visitor enters them one by one, pokes the wall with his stick, and strikes a light in each, to be sure that no one lies there unobserved; telling the officers and the monks long yarns about underground vaults and wells, in Antwerp, Rome, and St Mille. Climbing the stairs to an upper floor, he finds a sentinel on duty placing a strong ante- room and feels that here at least some prisoner must be kept under watch and ward. An iron-bound door is now unlocked, and the visitor passes with his guides into an empty corridor with cells on either side ; corresponding in size and number with the vaults below. Every door in that corridor, save one, is open. That one door is closed and barred, " Some one is there ?" CMG one?" says the father; hut in a puzzled tone of voice, and looking at the officer will inquiring eyes. " Well, yes, a prisoner," says that personage. "Let us go in Open the door." Looking at the monks, and seeing no sign of opposition on their part, the soldier turns the key and as we push the door back on its rusty hinge, a young man, tall and soldierlike, with long black beard and curious eyes, springs up from a pullet, and, snatching a coverlet, wraps the loose garment round his all but naked limbs. "What is your name?" the visitor asks, going in at once and taking him by the hand. "Pushkin," he answers softly, '"Adrain Pushkin." "How long have you been confined al Solovetsk ?" , " three years; about three years." " For what offence ? " He stared in wonder, with a wandering light in his eye that tells his secret in a flash. " Have you been tried by any court? " The officer interferes ; the sentinel on guard is called, and we are huddled by the soldiers doing what they are told-from the prisoner's cell. " What has he done?" I ask the fathers, when the door is slammed upon the captive's face. " We do not know, except in part. He is condemned by the holy governing Synod. He denies our Lord." More than this could not be learned. " A mad young man," sighs the monk ; " he might have gone home long ago ; but he would not send for a Pope, and kiss the cross. He is now of better mind, if one can say he has any mind. A mad young man !" There is yet another flight of steps. " Let us go up and see the whole." We climb the stairs, and find a second sentinel in the second ante-room. More prisoners, then, in those upper rooms ! The door which leads into the corridor being opened, the visitor sees that the cells are empty, and the doors ajar in every case but one. A door is locked, and in the cell behind that door they say an old man lodges, a prisoner in the convent for many years. " How long?" " One hardly knows," replies the monk ; " he was here when most of us came to Solo week. He is an obstinate fellow ; quiet in, his ways, but full of talk, he worries you to death, and you can teach him nothing. More than one of our Archimandrite, having pity on his case, have striven to lead him into a better path. An evil spirit is in his soul." e, Who is he " " A man of rank in his youth an officer in the army." " " Then you know his name ?" " We never talk of him it is against the rules. We pray for him, and such as he is and he needs our prayers. A bad Russian, a bad Christian, he denies our holy Church.", " Does he ever go out ?" " In winter, eyes in summer, ho. He might go to mass ; but he refuses to accept the book. He says we do not worship God aright ; he thinks himself wiser than the Holy Governing Synod-he ! But in winter days, when the ' pilgrims have gone away, he is allowed to walk on the rampart wall attended by a sentinel to prevent his flight." " Has he ever attempted flight ?" " Attempted Yes he got away from the convent ; crossed the sea ; went inland and we lost him. If he could have held his peace he might have been free to this very hour ; but he could not hold his tongue and then he was captured and brought back." " Where was he taken ? " " No one knows, He came back, pale and worn. Since then he has been guarded with greater care." , Here, then, is the prisoner whom I wish to see ; the spectre of the wall ; the figure taken for the prince ; the man in whom centres many > hopes. " Open the door." My tone compels them either to obey at once, or go for orders to the Archimandrite house. A party of the officers and monks takes place, ending, after much ado, in the door being unlocked (to save them trouble and the whole party passing into the prisoner's cell. . An aged, handsome man, like Kossuth in appearance, starts astonished from his ^H^^^^jtaL^^^it^would seem, to Such few books, a pallet bed, are the only turn ribbing of his room, the window of which is ribbed and crossed with iron, and the sill bu 'spattered with dirt of doves. A table hoLN rome scraps of books and journals-the prisoner being allowed, it seems, to receive such things is cm the outer world, though he is not permitted to send out a single line of writing. Pencils and pens are banished from his cell. Tall, upright, board, with the hearing of a soldier and a 'gentleman, he wraps his cloak round his shoulder and, comes forward to meet his unexpected guests. The 'monks present me in Conn as a stranger visiting Solovc'sk, without mentioning my name to me. 'He holds out his hand and smiles ; receiving me with the grace of a gentle- man,,'oflèritig the com testes of his, house. A union of noble-presence and courtly bearing, not however, the Grand Duke Constantine, as fishermen and pilgrims &ay; " Youl-name is?" "firm NicolusIIjin." 7, You have been here long?" Milking his head in a feeble way, he muttered to himself, as it were, like one who is trying to roll a dream. I put the question again this time in German. Then he faintly smiles, a big fear starting in his eye. " Excuse me, sir," he sighs, "I have forgotten most things, v on the use of speech. Once I spoke French easily. Now I have all but forgotten my mother tongue." " You have been here for years ?" " Yes, many, I wait upon the Lord, in his own time my prayer will be heard and my deliverance come." i " " You must not speak with this prisoner, says the officer on duty ; " no one is allowed to speak with him." The lieutenant is not uncivil, but he stands in a place of trust, and has to think of duty to his colonel before he can dream of courtesy to his guest. In a moment we are in the Pigeons' Court ; the iron gates are locked, the birds are flutter- ing on the sills, and the prisoners are alone once more. 