THE STARE; l " . — — — — 1 — ; — Writing from a sidereal view, HerrlBandmanti may be said, so far as Ballarat is concerned, to have been "snuffed out." The good folks , of Ballarat have their likes and dislikes, and the distinguished foreigner did not euit them. R is not quite clear, judging from the newspapers, what they particularly disliked, his legs, 'his vojce, or his nose, but dialike him they certainly did, on and off the stage. .With the latter Thaye nothing to do, but for the former I must corifel that clever as they may be in going round to B corner, they are a little wrong in their estima tion of Herr Baudmann's merits. There are in his repertoire some parts that he plays veiy well, and for these he should have every credit,' in spite of his supposed-to- be objectionable legs. : Bat as an all-round useful star, likely to make the for tunes of an engaging management, he is a very small constellation indeed, and it is for this reason that his visit to Ballarat may do him good. It will do so, in fact, if the faults found with his legs induce him to pay a little more attention to his dress, which has generally been what is called " shy," and, if such a word may he applied to a star — Clelandish, redolent of Stephen street. The greatest artist that ever walked the stage cannot afford to despise the aid of dress, and if he tries to, he generally rather loses than gains by the transaction. There is no doubt, however, that the Herr's popularity at Ballarat was not increased by the pecuniary difficulties at the theatre. The gentle public is not? partial to pauper, or even embarrassed managers, and puts iu the bailiffs of adverse opinion with, ferocious celerity. It may not appear to them that pertinaciously refusing to patronise a theatre, and then getting savage with the manager for not "paying salaries, is a tittle akin to the fine . old practice of first knocking a man £own, and then, jumping on him, by way of fully impressing upon him the unpleasantness of Ms position. But so it is, and if the Ballarat people are now without a theatre, it is, to some extent, their own fault. I do not, moreover, see the justice of the censure passed by one of the Ballarat papers on the commercial morality of the stage. They are unfair. Taking tip the strictest sense of the word morality, I am very much inclined to think that, in connection with mma.a t fnnn nn n f--» n n n ia IiIpA' . Mil I .1 III LloUSuvLlvB AU JL0 JLI&v; l/Uv uim«j v vf Jf much talked about and very seldom seen.4 Every man is commercially moral, until he is found out to haTe put too much sand in sugar, to have done something mysterious with a bill of lading, or to have gone halves with a defaulting bank accountant. Then the question of his morality is at an end, and a great cry goes up, and 'so it is with the stage. Taking a theatre is, to all practical intents and purposes, as much a legitimate commercial transaction as buying a cargo of wool; and if the manager should eventually be shorn as well as the sheep, he is no worse in the way of morality than the merchant whose "argosy" goes to the bottom. There be managers of course— just' as there be rogues in every sphere — who rush headlong into speculations, engage actors at any satiny they choose to ask. and then after holding on for a few — 9 O , " weeks, collapse suddenly and pay nobody. Such men there ! be, doubtless, and if Emillia's whip could be applied in their cases it would "tie highly desirable. But it is no reason for a general crusade against the morality of the stage, hat at one country theatre — though an important one— the "ghost " does not take his peripatetic exer cise with that regularity his friends could wish to see. What must, however, most r puzzle the enquiring mind is the mode in which actors themselves deal with the vital question of salary. Instead of being satisfied with a comparatively small satiny paid regularly, they prefer a, large one, though vexy often only half, and Sometimes none of it is paid. The excuse offered for this is, that if one man did not take an engagement unless unjler agreement for a regular salary, others soon would. Very likely there tire plenty of men looking out for situations in all classes of life, and! yet one seldom hears of a clerk, orj a shopman, workmgfor weeks on half lor no wages at all. What actors want is co- operation and union in thiB matter, but it is nbt likely they will ever achieve them'; for though the best natured fellows inthq world, they are, beyond a doubt, very, bad bands it amy organisation for mutual benefit. - i . ' - -3-- - To return to Herr Bandmann, whoisnpw play ing a short engagement at Sandhurst, assisted by Mr. Leathtis, the probability is ftykt lie frill nqxfe go to Sydiey, to show what he cando mr the management of Mr. Hoskins; Ttifcriprospecta in that cit are not overtiright .with the aid ''pf r. Heir mjmanage to win way,oraibeter capable ofpcuntSngtitipalii, to «jct say, he is hot vBbiwng exan treading iTbimseltfL with HeJ . 'f-.SljS 1! ing on their arrangements for the opera S Reason, durihg which the Royal company, n probably ia a iniuiished forni, will go 3 to Adelaide, in which place theywill b|>receded m f >y the Weston and Hasseytrdupe and if theyonly if do as well in tbeclty of the South as -they did on 21 their first arrival here, they will have no reason' to y| Complain, jj At the Theatreltoyal, thepantomime of The sj| House that Jack Built "" bps been drawing good 5 bouses, and will probably run till the arrival of ft the Opera Company. There can be no doubt tliat ?f the chief attractions are the scenery and the y music, "but the burlesque itself is one of consider- || able merit, and will add to the author's reputa- S tion. From all that I can hear, it is the g? intention of Mr. Akhurst shortly to visit rit Europe. He will be a loss to the dramatic world here, but there is every pobability that he will !jj succeed well in London, and at any rate find a to, wider field for his abilities, li The erenfc of the past week at the Duke of S Edinburgh, has been the production of a epark- ling comedietta, written by Captain H. R. er Hf_ Humphreys, of the. Theatre Royal "l| company, a gentlemen well known and l& ®PPreciated in the literary and dramatic world. iL Captain Humphreys has written, during his residence bere, several very readable sketches on e< cports in. the Cape and a visit to Queensland; st |>ut the " Mystery at No. 1G" is his first essay in hi the way of dramatic authorslrip. The plot, though 1 1 not starilingly novel, is managed with a good deal of spirit, and a judicious eye to stage effect, 'tJ felling h ow a respectable drysalter, named Xycurgus Leonidas Marius Jones, was suspected m fcy his wife of infidelity, she having picked up a \- letter addressed to him, couched in terms of en- dearment, and signed " Emily." Her suspicions y are further excited by her husband leaving the house in festive attire, and she instructs the page, Algernon, to follow and watch him. This is done, \- and Jones, returning in the middle of the day, decidedly " screwed," smashes everything, in cluding his own portrait. Madame is, at first, fearfully wroth ; but, picking up another letter that has dropped from her husband's pocket, she j finds out that some one else is the object of C »_ _ \- j Emily's love, and that she has made a mistake. r- Eventually all is explained, and the indignaut . i wife is full of repentance on learning that Emily J is her husband's only sister, and that her mar- ri riage with the " man of her choice " has led to Mr. Jones's joyous condition. An amusing (underplot runs through the piece, in. the shape of the loves of the page Algernon and the maid Mary Anne ; the former of whom, a foundling, has romantic tendencies, cultivated carefully by a t course cf reading in the Reynold's Miscellany Way, and imagines himself to bo a rightful heir, t 111 the end, he is told that be is the deserted son J p©f a disreputable private in the Artillery, and rr enlists in the marines, but is bought off by Mr. Jones, who makes a most amusing apology for .his intoxication as the curtain falls. Here and there, the piece shows the inexperienced hand of -a novice ; but, on the wholes it is quite as amus- \- ing as some of the farces generally produced, and jnore so than. a good many of them. Mr. Rogers s| acts capitally as Mr. Jones ; - Mrs. Wooldridge ff might make more of her part as Mrs. Jones; jg Hiss Bently is a very presentable chamber-maid, and the author himself, as Algernon, displays a . decidedly fair talent for eccentric comedy. Alto- "r gether, Captain Humphreys has reason to con gratulate himself on the result of his first step on . the ladder of dramatic authorship, and he has un mistakably evinced fitness for better parts than lie is generally cast for. Captain Humphreys is also the writer of one or two unproduced but j meritorious burlesques, and if Mr. Akhurst i Carries out his intention of pcimcr homp. Mir RiwaT A - Q- o T: management might do worse than try one of T them. 4 On Monday night Mr. Heller came out with a i' programme, the most attractive , portion of f "Jvhich was the music. The selection from 4 ' I' Elisir d Amore " was beautifully given, and % Ihe little musical historiette, " Sunshine and £ Tempest, describing Mr. Heller's share in a village festival, evinces ability as. a composer % ©Ttal to the brilliancy of execution, by which p the. musician has distinguished himself. One | pees; too, that all Mr. Heller's musical " effects" $ are the result of hard, patient study, and appre- ciates them all the more. The performance con- : ©fdes ith the exhibition of ten wooden | automata minstrels, who play and sing better than some human beings who think tliev can do' \- fiotn. COTHURNUS. 