MINES AND MINERS. MINERS. The chief dangers to which our underground workers are exposed are from falls, whether of themselves down shafts, or of the roof or timber supports above them; from irruptions of water; and from fire-damp. M. Simonsen has given us a history of their pitched battles and single corn hats with these enemies, which, for its records of bravery, endurance, and, we may add, angel fishness, surpasses that of War itself. In one respect, these men are especially like soldiers, that they have to stand fire so perpetually ; not only the fire- damp, but the perils from their Wasting operations and from spontaneous combustion. In the former case, the charge sometimes explodes in the miner's face (it must he admitted he is a careless fellow), or if glycerine instead of gunpowder is used, the tenfold force often produces a tenfold mischief. On the other hand, when they hum slow matches, which would otherwise give them time to escape, a hitch in the machinery above will sometimes, if it be shaft-work, leave them exposed to the results of the explosion, and, as it were waiting for death. Spontaneous combustion is produced by the heating of the small coal from the decomposi- tion of the iron pyrites it contains in contact with moisture. The coal soon ignites, and the fire, finding in the coal seam a natural element, spreads through the mine. In such cases, dams of clay are built up to arrest its progress. But as. a more than Senegalian temperature pervades the place elsewhere, and the men have to work naked." Fire, from whatever cause produced, is sometimes perforce let to take its course ; it cannot he kept under. It burns for years, and with such effect that for thirty years afterwards the colliers still suffer from the latent heat. Sometimes the works have to be flooded ; a mine near Charleroi had the waters of the Sambre turned into it for three months and Edmund's Main, near Barnsley, was filled with water for two years. In England, however, the usual plan is to hermetically seal the pit, and let the fire burn itself out and in some parts of France the fire is even fed for the sake of working thealnminou8 salts which are given off from the coal, and deposited on the surface of the soil in whitish efflorescence. The worst neighbours that collieries can have are old workings perhaps tin mines disused for centuries-which become receptacles for rainfall, and magazines of " dead air." Near Liege is a mine so situated, and upon the boring tool being inserted in the partition rock, the force of the pent-up water drove it out, and then the flood followed. The old workings were beneath the bed of the Meuse, and the river itself may be said to have been thus turned into the mine. Though pumping machinery was set up at four shafts at once, the water was not kept under until the expiration of seven years, when our indefatigable friends went to work again. This is, however, the most remarkable instance of energetic perseverance in the history of mining. " In 1872, on the 28th of February, a sudden irruption of the water, which had been dammed back in the old workings, surprised the colliers in the mine of Beau one, some of whom had just time enough to make their escape by means of the shaft, while others in their hasty flight were drowned ; the rest remained close prisoners. The overman, Hubert Goffin, could have gone up in the tub, but would not do so, and he even kept his son, a boy of twelve years of age, near him. Like the captain who ought not to abandon his ship in the moment of danger, he meant to remain in the mine, displaying the most heroic devotion and the noblest resignation. ' I will save all my men, he said or I will perish with them.' Firm at his post, he encouraged and sustained every- body, striving to revive the courage of those who were on the point of yielding. " Scenes took place such as the pen cannot describe. Two men were engaged in a quarrel, and while Goffin tried to separate them, some one exclaimed, ' Let them fight, we will eat the one who is beaten. At another time, all these men were seized with despair. The. work that Goffin had caused them to begin with the ( object of finding, if possible, a way out, having produced disengagement of fire-damp, they cried to their chief:-' Do not close the communication ; let us make the lights there, and blow ourselves up. Some exhausted miners seemed to be nearly dying ; their comrades, as they afterwards acknowledged, watched for the instant, in order to devour their bodies. "All the lamps were extinguished for want of air; the weakest and most timid became delirious, complaining that somebody wanted to MR. them, by leaving them without food or light. I They imperiously demanded something to eat, and inveighed against Goffin. They contended for the candles, which they devoured. Some went creeping along to quench their thirst. It seemed,' said they, as though we were drinking the blood of our drowned comrades.' " However, help from without came to the colliers. The engineer of the mines, a French- man, M. Migneron by name, who died In- spector-general some years ago, and the pre- feet of Liege, Baron Menhoud (Belgium belonged to France at that time), superintended with ardour the work of preservation. ' At .'., the end of five days they were able to rejoin the captives. All were miraculously preserved, twenty-four in number, amongst whom were fifteen boys.' Goffin went out the last. ' If I had abandoned my men, said he, I I should never have dared to see daylight.' He was pensioned, and made a member of the Legion of Honour ; but continued to work at his calling, and was killed nine years afterwards by an explosion." Again, in the mines of Charleroi, " the water which had accumulated in the middle of some old workings suddenly broke in where nine miners were at work. Two had time to escape through the shaft ; seven others, amongst whom was one named Everard, were carried away by the flood. In the midst of falling ground, and separated from his comrades, Everard gained a sloping road, and thence a gallery communicat- ing with the shaft; but these last were fallen in. The poor collier, with clothes dripping wet, his body covered with wounds, and suffering from the effects of the bad air, called and shouted for a long time, striking the rock with a pick which he had found on the way. No answer was returned to his signal. He then regained the ascent where he had taken shelter in the first instance, and overcome with fatigue, slept soundly. When he awoke, his clothes were dry. Dying of hunger, he tried to eat the candles which he had with him, but could not overcome the repugnance which this unusual fare occasioned ; he, however, quenched his thirst by drinking the water, in the mine. Nevertheless, he only drank three times during the whole of his captivity, and remained nearly always either in a drowsy state or burned in the soundest sleep in addition to this, he did not despair of his ultimate safety. " Nine days after the accident, on the 20th December, the colliery having become accessible, the workmen from without entered to recover the dean bodies. EvraTd heard them consulting about raising one by placing a rope round his neck, or by fastening it to his shoulders, He shouted again, knocking with his pick. The terrified workmen imagined that he was a ghost, of the bad genius of the mine, of whom there is still a lingering belief in many collieries ; notwithstanding which, however, they did not run away, but knocked on their side. Everard replied. They' repeated the signal with the like result. Mustering courage to draw near in a body, and hearing the spirit pronounce its own name, and call them by theirs, they did not know what to make of it at all. At length a body of workmen came, who, fortunately for the captive, had brought some drink, and determined to set to work. Scarcely had an opening for escape been made, when Evrard, impatient to leave the hole in which he had been confined, threw himself upon the first miner who presented himself. This man, seized by the head with the grasp of despair, thought he would die of fright, and was more firmly convinced than ever that he had to deal with the genius of the mine. The bad air having extinguished all the lamps, the rescue was effected in darkness. Evrard, fastened to a rope, was carried to the bottom of the winding shaft, and was sent up the first in the curve, accompanied by the miner, from whom he would not be parted." This example, strengthened as it is by many others, proves that the preservation of workmen in danger should never be despaired of, whatever length of time has elapsed since their imprisonment beneath the earth. Unhappily, most wholesale accidents, however, have a very different termination from Everard's. " On the 10th of January; 1862, the beam of the pumping-engine broke at; the Hartley Colliery, in the Newcastle coal-field, and in falling through the shaft, killed five out of eight men who were being raised in the cage, the other three being miraculously saved. The mine was in full work, and all the men and boys, 199 in number, were underground. By the shock of the enormous cast-iron beam, weighing more than forty tons, striking the walls in its descent, the shaft was damaged in several places ; the rubbish and broken timbers were accumulated at the depth of 138 yards from the surface, and an impenetrable vault closed the only mode of egress by means of which the captives could escape. Two hundred and four colliers, inclusive of the five just mentioned, and forty-three horses, met with their deaths by this accident. "As the massive beam, pump shears, and timberings had intercepted all communication between the interior of the mine and the outside world, and as the mine was furnished with ventilating furnaces in which a large quantity of fuel was burning, it appears that in the day succeeding the accident the victims died i of suffocation. However, they did not experience the horrors of starvation, for a dead pony was found by the side of the miners. Some men, in a moment of extreme despair, tried to force an outlet; timber had been cut and sawed and the rescuers had heard from outside these desperate attempts, which were, unfortunately, as brief as they were useless. I The crowd of relatives and friends who stood around the pit mouth, finding that the attempts j at rescue were not carried on fast enough,, in their opinion, threatened to undertake the duties themselves, and boldly demanded the bodies which! they were waiting for But all this impatience was calmed and then the dead, brought up one by one, were solemnly buried. Was ever a longer or more mournful procession beheld in time of war or pestilence !" After the Hartley accident, the English Legislature refused to listen to the representations of the colliery owners (though undoubtedly their case was hard, and in some instances the proposed enactment was even ruinous), but compelled every part-owner to make two outlets to his mine. We have hitherto confined our observations to collieries ; but M. Simonsen's mighty volume embraces every description of mining throughout the world. From it we learn how the richest and most valuable mines have in almost all instances been discovered by accident ; often by ignorant persons, who knew not the value of their own discovery and by children. To an Indian hunter is owed the knowledge of the chief American mines, and to a shepherd the silver mines of Peru. This latter, leading' his flocks to feed on the slopes of the Andes, lighted a fire to cook his meal, when a pebble, heated by the flame attracted his attention by shining like silver. He found the stone massive and weighty, and finally carried it to the mint at Lima, where it was tested; and proved to be good ore. As the Spanish laws, with a view to encourage mine-discovery, make it the property of the finder, the lucky shepherd became a millionaire. The Sacramento gold-fields were discovered by a Mormon labourer, who worked in a ' saw-mill. Again, in North Carolina, in 179 a i child picked up a yellow stone, of which his father, a rude settler, thought nothing, but, because it weighed fifteen pounds, used it as a I door fastener for his cabin, for he was so poor that the door had no lately. He showed this stone to one of his few visitors, and he opened it to be a metal of some sort, after which verdict the owner used to exhibit it as a curious rock specimen. Three years afterwards, on going to the market of Lafayette, he took the thing to a goldsmith, and asked fifteen shillings ! for it, which was very willingly paid. It was in reality a nugget worth £875. Thus it took four years to find out that the yellow stones in the streams of California were gold. It is fair to state, however, that science has occasionally predicted where the precious metals have afterwards been found. Sir Roderick Murchison, for instance, after a visit to the auriferous tracts of the Ural Mountains, was struck by their great similarity of some rock specimens from East Australia, and in his address to the Geographical Society, in 1844, pro- phesied that gold would be found in the latter region. Led by his observations, one Smith, engaged in the iron works at Berrima, searched for gold, and found it. He came to the Governor of the colony with a nugget in his hand : a See what I have found," said he < " give me five hundred pounds, and I will shew you the place :" which the Governor declined to do. Again, Macgregor, a Scotch shepherd, used to sell grains and nuggets of gold to the goldsmiths of Sydney, but would never reveal whence he got them. It is not usual, however, for discoverers of the precious metals to be prudent; they consider themselves "lucky" in this particular line, and will leave or sell a good " find," in hopes of finding a better. This is what the Spaniards call "the miners frenzy." Thus, the richest vein of silver in Chili was discovered by Godoy a hunter in the Andes. Fatigued by the chase! he seated himself, on one occasion, under the shelter of a great rock, and was struck by the colour and brightness of a projecting part. He chipped the stone with a knife, and finding he could cut it (to use his own expression) like a cheese, he took a specimen of it to Copiapo. It was found to be chloride of silver. He agreed to share the profits of his discovery with a rich man, who engaged to work the mine; they came at once to masses of silver ; but Godoy sold his interest in the matter for two thousand eight hundred pounds, and started to find more mines and having wandered about the Andes for some years, died, having met with no more " luck,'' and without a penny. Two brothers, named Bolados, discovered near Copiapo, in a crevice opened by some earthquake, an enormous block of silver OTe, the cutting, transport, and fusion of which was so easy that these ignorant men effected it without assistance and in less than two years, realised one hundred and forty thousand pounds. They squandered, however, this enormous sum in gambling and dissipation and when their mine became suddenly exhausted, they had not even the wretched pittance left on which they had begun. The history of the discoverers of the famous Allison-Ranch in Nevada, California, is a more satisfactory one. Some poor Irishmen, workers in a neighbouring mine, were so fortunate as to hit upon it. They were so unlettered as not to be able to write their names, but they were excellent fellows. They first built a chapel, to thank God for his favours ; they then erected hand- some villas, and placed their workmen in exceptional positions; and they went by turns every week to San Francisco to spend their ingots of gold. They retain their simplicity, though with an income as large as that of many princes in Europe, but refuse to furnish any statement of their receipts. The success of Gould and Curry in their Nevada silver mine is even more astounding ; they were so poor that they were at first obliged to barter two- thirds of their claim to a grocer for the necessaries of life, notwithstanding which they have realised enormous sums for their own portion. Including the product of 1857, the Gould and Carry Company have got fourteen millions of dollars out of their mine. The history of the Monte Catani Mine in Tuscany is very curious. M. Porte, its original Owner, was half ruined by it, and sold it in 1837\. Immediately afterwards, a block of massive ore was found that paid all expenses, and left four thousand pounds net profit. Then for fifteen years the mine produced forty thousand pounds a-year, and still continues to yield largely. M. Porte, N he had witnessed this heart-rending spectacle of the immediate success of others where he had laboured in vain for years, soon died of grief. His marble bust adorns the entrance of the principal gallery of Monte Catani, but his heirs are poor. M. Simonsen, N he is, Nve suspect, a man of genius as well as of science, has left no stone unturned in the elucidation of his subject. He has even had a personal experience of the Spanish diviners, those who by a hazel Nvand tell you what precious metals lie beneath your feet ; but the experiment was not satisfactory. In the mines of the French Alps a very curious proceeding is adopted, which was invented by a lady, Madame Key. She would explore the mountain, holding a piece of string to which was attached a five-franc piece, a piece of lead, or a large copper coin, and pretended that this pendulum vibrated on approaching the vicinity of a lode. She marked with stones the places where this happened, and then connected the point with an imaginary line, saying, " That is the direction of the lode." M. Simonsen does not attach much importance to this method which, indeed, contradicts the law of physics, which asserts that bodies of the same nature mutually respect each other but he allows that Madame Hey has really discovered hitherto unknown mines. ¡ We must here leave this interesting subject, which comprises no less of usefulness than romance. It was said of Macaulay's History that it was as enthralling as a good novel ; but to our author may be well ascribed the credit of being the first man who ever made. science as attractive as fiction.- Chambers' Journal. !_________==^^----"--«-» ' 