ADELAIDE. The ballast of the Kohi Noor, from the Northern Teriritory, has been found to contain gold. Wheat is firmer. The Brisbane dailies published extras with j the , Governor's opening speech on Tuesday, ] just as the steamer was leavinsr, and we have obtained copies in due course, but find it j utterly impossible to make room for the preci- | oils composition, owing to their late arrival last night. The Speech proposes railway ex tensions from Ipswich to Brisbane, and from [Westwood to the Dawson ; additional tele graph lines, harbor improvements, and water jsupply, and the giving of interest guarantees :t0 private railway companies ; and suggests a 're-distribution of electorates, together with -a reconsideration of the Two Thirds [clause of the Constitution Act ; also recon sideration of the Ad Valorem Duties, and a pew Goldfields Law. Bills are announced for assimilating the Insolvency Law to that now |in force in England, for promoting high-class [education, for issuing Commissions of the ('Peace with limitation to municipalities, on Sugar Distillation, for farther regulating Poly nesian immigration, 'and for other purposes. It further 'contains a significant hint to the L'ovrer House to provide for the security' of | 'Public Trust Funds,' and winds up v;ith the ? usual rigmarole, about -'Divine aid' and ' material prosperity.' Two men employed in navigating a punt I loaded with timber, tools, &c.;, for Mr. Brown's ! farm on the Upper Mary, where some farm j buildings are now iu course of erection, had a j narrow and most providential escape of their I lives yesterday morning. The punt in question J was lying alongside the wharf awaiting the completion of her freight, the two men in charge being asleep iu the cabin. As the tide rose during the night, some part of the gun wale got jammed under one of the stringers of the wharf and was pressed below the surface, so that she gradually filled. The rush of water fortunately awakened the men just in time to admit of their escaping from the cabin, the entrance to which was immediately after blocked by the timber floating up through it. Had they remained in the cabin another five minutes they must have inevitably been drowned, as the pant filled soon after, and it would have been impossible to extricate them. The punt was subsequently towed under water np to Tinana Creek, where at low tide she would be high and dry, aud easily baled out, floating again with the next flood. The meeting of the Race Committee was held yesterday, when it was arranged that a subscription list should be at once ope tied, and should a sufficient amount be promised by next Tuesday week, a programme should be then issued. It is therefore hoped that our town and country residents will come forward liberally and support what has always buen the best holiday in the year, besides causing a great stir in business. STRIKING indications of the approach of winter were visible yesterday morning in the form of hoar-frost, which covered the grass in certain low lying and sheltered situations, such as it specially singles out in Queensland. The previous night was bitterly cold, the change of ' temperature being the more sensibly felt after the warm, sultry, and mosquito-impregnated evenings that ushered in the last rain. In the day-time the weather is now all that can be desired for health, exercise, and enjoyment. The Gyinpie limes of yesterday gives, on the whole, a very satisfactory account of the Imbil rush, but we are quite unable to find room for more than a few of the leading facts. There are onlv three sullies onened ud : thev are narrow at the top and widen out at tbe ends into a big flat. It is believed that 4 to 6 dwts. were washed from one dish on Sunday evening, after which matters were pretty quiet, the diggers getting about Jdwt of gold to the dish on an average, and a good deal of sinking was going on to a depth of from 7 to 10 feet. The locality is stated to be of a most promising character, and is being well prospected by the 600 men now on the ground. Plenty of drays with provisions on the road. We regret to have to record the death of Mr. Charles Poison, late acting manager of the Bank of New South Wales af M ii-y borough, which occurred on Monday last, at Pia'b*, where he was residing for the benefit of the purer atmosphere and more equable tempera ture of the sea- coast. The deceased gentleman entered upon the sphere of his duties in this town about a year and a-half ago, being at the time a sufferer from lung disease, to the in roads of which he gradually succumbed. In his public capacity he commapded the esteem . of all with whom he came in contact, and in private life his amiable disposition and unob- j trusive kindness 'of heart won him many ! friends, by whom his loss will be greatly felt. The funeral took place at Pialba, under the ] care of Mr. Davidson, Commissioner of Crown Lands at Maryborough. We noticed a fine show of oranges, and other allied fruits, in Mrs. Cheyne's window, yesterday, grown by Mr. Robert Ferguson, of j Graham's Creek. It is satisfactory to see the j cultivation of these valuable fruits extending ; so far up the river, and, as the soil and climate j of the Wide Bay district appears to suit the whole citrus tribe admirably, oranues. limes, j lemons, &c.;, may, ere long, figure on the list of i oar exports. At the Publicans' Annual Licensing Meeting, j Brisbane, the Police Magistrate, on opening the Court, stated that the notices of applies- I tions for licenses of renewals of licenses, as they appeared in the newspapers, were not in accordance with the Act. Tbey merely stated an intention to apply for a liceuse, but the notiee was not addressed to anybody. For the future, unless the advertisements giving notice of application for licenses were fully iu accor dance with the Licensing Act, they should not be received, nor the licenses grauted. The Courier reports the following conversation between the Police Magistrate and Mr. Murphy, solicitor, on the application of Mary Ann Barter for a license for the Treasury Hotel, which, on a report of Inspector Lewis, was, after consideration, refused. We may observe that besides tbe Police Magistrate there were thirteen other magistrates on the bench : — Mr. Murphy reminded the bench that no notice of an objection had been given, and pointed out that the applicant ought, uader any cir cumstances, to have an opportunity of defend ing herself. The Police Magistrate said the decision was that of the majority of the bench. Mr. Murphy requested that in order to give the applicant an opportunity of attending and pro ducing any evidence she might have to rebut any charges made against her, the application should be adjourned. The Police Magistrate repeated that the matter was decided. Sir. Murphy then asked if he could, by any means, ascertain how many of the Bench opposed the application, with a view to making a fur! her application on some future day. The Police Magistrate said the Act specified that, the license could not be granted but by a larger number. Mr. Murphy said that was the reason he was desirous of knowing the number. The Police Magistrate did not think the Bench could interfere further in the matter. Mr. Davis thought the Act referred to the whole Bench by which the application was refused, and not to the number of such Bench by which it was rejected. Mr. Murphy asked if the Bench laid it down that in cases where an un favorable rejKjrt was made, and no notice was given of any objection to an application, no opportunity shoaM be given to the applicant to rebut the charges 1 Tlie Police Magistrate said the Bench laid down nothing, but simply re fused the license. Brisbane Self- condemned.- As the day approaches when Ministers wjil have to meet Parliament, and render an account of their stewardship, the uneasiness and anxiety con cerning the result become more conspicuous. They are intriguing for support in various directions, and their emissaries are actively at. work. In Brisbane, where so many are trust ing to them for bread— where personal friends j of most of them are to be found in the greatest j numbers — and where place- hunters and seekers J after Government patronage form, in them selves, a needy and not over-scrupulous army — it is naturally to be expected that Ministers will never lack apologists and even defenders Anyone who walks down Queen- street on any day of the week can judge for himself of the accuracy of our statements. At every step ie . will meet some one whose personal interest it is either to .defend the Government or to con ceal his sentiments, leBfc speaking out might injure him. . Here is a gentleman in a Govern ment situation who, if not the rashe«t of me-:, will hardly venture to criticise 1 l.e a^ts of t:ic head of ;His. department in a comma si fx wliVp- 1 ministeri:)l spies are o«»t 'scar--e : so ha e;f her r.efen&s; them ' rouiid'y, apoli.j f.,-r r shovt comings, m- w^c'y sTiai'r?. ! ?- head a-id refuses to t:.lir Tv.lliics. Tijeve is another gentleman living just now cn his expectations, and who feels certain of being gazetted into the Waste Paper Office, or some equally valua ble department of the public service the day after the Government achieves its first victory over the mal-couteut members of the Legisla t.ura. Here is a worthy colonist who has a Government contract which pays him very well indeed, and who can see no guile in his minis terial patron : and there is another public spirited individual who is looking for a con tract, and who will get it too, provided things remain in statu quo and his friend at the helm is allowed to steer the ship a little longer ; and of this sort of materiai is male up a very con siderable section of Brisbane society. — Ex- press. The Chinese Custom of Removing the Dead. — The Cannonbar correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch relates that about three years a*jo, a Chinaman, sbepherdiug on the Bogan, cut his thioat, having taken the precaution to stow away a good meal first. It was a nasty, cold, wet morning in May, when ^enna-Cronag (or whatever his name was) turned over his swag, destroyed some valuable papers, then examined his razor, polished off a very hearty breakfast, and walked in from the kitchen to the house, thinking, I have 110 doubt, that it would be a greater honor to perform this feat (which one so seldom sees done) before the master, instead of the cook. The celestial re marked that ' he was werry cold,' and was told to go into the kitchen and waim himself. He replied, ' I'll show you,' and pulling out a razor, which (owing to the davkness of the room) looked like a niece of black tape, turned cooly round, compressed his lips, and made a long incision, severing the carotid artery, and that failing, continued backing away. Sen na-Cronag's spirit bad fled before the liody had touched the ground — merely a plight qu'V --r of the lips. John liart 'thpkcl the vvorM.' Three hours afterwa -tls be was buried. Since then bis perturbed spirit has been seen twice, making night hideous, but only seen by one who believes in ghosts. However, it appears that his bones were not to rest iu that spot. A month ago four Chinamen called, borrowed a spade, and dug up the remains of poor - Senna-Crouag. 