ALIVE IN THE DEAD-HOUSE. The San Francisco Alla California gives an account of tho experiences of a German who was supposed to have died in that city, and whoso body was immediately removed, and, placed in the dead-house attached to the hospital in which ho had been undortreatment:-"Thebody was deposited in a case whero two other bodies had already been placed, and between them. The cover was put on, and the keeper of the dcad houso retired for the night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of the most unearthly character was heard in tho dead- houso. The keeper of tho dead-houso was sought after, but, being aware of what ho was required to do, he sought concealment, preferring to let the ghosts light it out among themselves rather than attempt to becomo peacemaker. When at last he was prevailed upon to proceed to the dead house and open the door, tho ghostly form of the German, whose life had been a few hours pre- viously pronounced extinct, and who had been dressed in the robes of the dead, stood before him. The keeper fainted outright, whilo the terrified German rushed headlong through the long halls and corridors of the building, spreaking dismay and terror as he went. Some more courageous than therestcánghtandarrested him ia his frantic career, but the noxt instant the poor German fell on the Boor in a fit. The physician was sent for, and restoratives used, by which he was restored to consciousness. How he felt when he returned to consciousness we give as he told it himself :-' Veil von I got sick and vas in bed that day tho doctor carno to mo and I said I vas very sick. He vent away, and after he vent I fell asleep. I knew nothing more till I voko in de night, end there was no ' light. I put out my hand, and I could get no bed clothes, for I vas cold- I den put my bond to vonc'side to try for the bed-clothes, and och, vat you think I got-vy a ded man ! Dere he vos, cold enough sure. I roared mid all the power I had, and vas going avay by tho other side, von, sure, I put my hand on another. Then I roared and called and cried out all I could, and ven I was getting up my head struck a board that was covering me. ' Oh,' said I, ' vot docs this mean, vere am I ? Am I ded V and I roared and bawled, and threw off the cover and jumped about as if I vas mad. And I knocked at the door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would opon it for me, and I thought I vas ded myself. I vas not shuro. I had the ded man's dress on me. At last the door opened, and ven I looked at the man vat opened it he fell down mid fear, and I ran till I vas caught. Then I fainted, and ven I come to myself I thought it vas a dream. But it is as true as I am here.' " - CnnriCTion FOB MDRDEB.-On April27 atiheGUsgow Circuit Court, before ¿.ord ArduuilatJ, John Kelly waa sentenced to death for the mnrrier of Uary Feeney, a sempstress, on the ni^bbof M a roh 12, ID afield near Unke*strfet, Glasgow, He fie«! violated »ad then enffo oated his victim, who w*s only fjnr feet high, hamp backed, and other «rise deforme J. 