WEDNESDAY, MARQH 30, 1870. Since their troubles began, Ministers liave persistently asserted their détermi- nation not to go out except in obedience to a direct vote of want of confidence, and have constantly claimed it as a right that they should not be disposed of in a less unmistakable manner. Probably they were right to adopt this course. In the circumstances in -which they were placed they were hot called upon to exhibit any very great delicacy of feeling ; and since they saw no other motive for the opposition with which they were assailed except greed of office on the part of their opponents, it is not surprising that they should have shown no alacrity in resigning for their benefit. Besides, the overthrow of an Admini- stration should not be elfected by means of an inuendo. It should be done de- liberately, for reasons clearly as- signed, and the names of the mem- bers by whom it is done should appear on the records of the House. We have therefore no fault to find with the manner in which Mr. MACPHERSON met his fate, and if certain of his col- leagues had acted with dignity equal to his own, we might have said, and en- tirely without sarcasm or reserve, that nothing in the life of the Administration which has just received its quietus was more becoming than its death. Yesterday afternoon the long-expected " direct vote" was at last brought for- ward, in such plain terms that there could no longer be any doubt as to what was intended, and Mr. MAC- PHERSON promptly accepted it as a challenge to battle à l'outrance. The hostile motion was carried by 3i votes to 23, and Ministers must either j tender their resignations or advise His EXCELLENCY'to dissolve the Assembly and let the constituencies pronounce be- tween them and their opponents. The public will await the further action of Mr. MACPHERSON and his colleagues with some degree of anxiety. The country should not be hurried to a general elec- tion on slight grounds, and it can scarcely be maintained that there is any real necessity for an appeal to the coun- try in the present crisis, since Mr. MACPHERSON has no great question of public policy with which to go to the country. But on the other hand, an im- mediate dissolution wouldonlyshorten the life of the present Parliament by a few months, and it is not of such a kind that it concerns the public to prolong its existence. It contains a large propor- tion of the " old hat " element, which a general election ?would certainly elimi- nate, and it is so rent asunder by in- ternal jealousies and animosities that calm debate or useful practical legislation is no longer possible to it. In the course of last night's proceedings, hon. members pleasantly assured each other that a general election would bring their membership to an end, andif we could only i feel Bure that their prophesies would all come true we should have no objection to an immediate dissolution. The pre- sent Assembly contains some few mem- bers whoBe presence there is an insult to the country, while it is inferior as a whole to any other Parliament that the colony has yet seen. A general election can scarcely fail to raise the character of Parliament, and the cost and the. trouble of an election will not be tooî high a price to pay for so excellent a, change. The present time, moreover, is in some respects a highly suitable one for going to the country. We have just succeeded in laying the ghost of the Darling grant difficulty, and the Constitutionalists] have so behaved in regard to it as to satisfy the public that their opposition' to the grant did not proceed from fac-! tiousness, or from any indisposition to' befriend our late Governor or his family, but solely from a conscien-j tious desire to carry on the govern- ment of the country in conformity. ?with the law. The electors now see the Constitutionalists in their proper colours, and will not permit themselves- to be again misled by that mock liberalism which was abroad at the period of the last general election, and under the in- fluence of which they returned M'Cul lochite candidates to outrage the Con- stitution in defence of the people's liberties 1 But it is not likely that the constituencies will be asked to re-elect the old hat members. The best men among the old M'Cul loch party are themselves tired of fighting against the law, and will scarcely incur the responsibility of again packing the Assembly with ignorant and incapable men, whose sole qualifi- cation is unquestioning submission to their own will. And the split in the M'Culloch party, of which the Mac- pherson Administration was the imme- diate result, has tended to enlighten the Loyal Liberal mind as to the true nature of M'Cullochism, in a manner which will have a marked influence upon the next general election. In doubt as to whether Mr. M'CJTJLLOCH or Mr. MACPHERSON, Mr. VALE or Mr. LONGMORE, is the more genuine Loyal Liberal, the electors Avili bo compelled to deal with the candi- dates who come before them in an en- tirely novel manner, and choose or reject them by reason of the qualities they possess or the opinions they hold, rather than for their adhesion to this or that party leader. This will be a some what violent innovation upon the prac- tice of recent years ; but it will be a change in the right direction, and one which, co-operating with the other in- fluences which we have described, might make a general election become the means of elevating the character and increasing the efficiency of our Legisla- tive Assembly. It is very pleasant to observe the ad- mirable understanding that prevails between the late law officers and the Supreme Court. When in the course of last winter the case of The Queen v. Mungovan was decided, and it appeared that all the declarations which Mr. GRANT had been taking from his selectors were inoperative, Mr. G. P. SMITH assured the House that he and his hon. colleague had very care- fully looked into the matter, and had found, notwithstanding what people said, that the Court was really right. A clause had been accidentally omitted in the Criminal Law and Practice Statute, and Mr. SMITH introduced a bill to correct the error. To some unreasonable persons it seemed that Mr. SMITH'S little bill savoured somewhat of ex post facto legislation, but the learned gentleman and Mr. CASEY stoutly denied the charge. It was true, as Mr. SMITH said, that the bill did make provision for the punishment of persons who had already made false de- clarations, as well as for the punish- ment of those who did so here- after. There were thousands of persons who had made declarations in which they expressed their be- lief that they were amenable to punishment if they state what was false, and he meant to punish these persons for acts which, when they were done, were not punishable by law. But this was not to be considered retrospective legislation. Mr. CASEY waxed eloquent on the occasion, and held forth very learnedly upon the various meanings of the words "retrospective legislation." Par- liament accordingly, but not without some misgivings, passed the bill, which in due course received the Royal assent. It was speedily put into opera- tion, and a man who had told a lie, but had not committed perjury as the law then stood, was brought up for trial. His case was brought before the Court in Banco, and yesterday the Court had the satisfaction of returning the late Attorney-General's amenities, by decid- ing that what he said in the House was perfectly accurate; that his bill was certainly not retrospective, and that for the main purpose for which it was passed, that of curing Mr. GRANT'S declarations, it was mere waste paper. Mr. G. P. SMITH has done a good many clever things in his time, and this is not the least clever of them. He had charge of a bill which, as he told the House, was very necessary for the proper transaction of the business of Govern- ment in the various departments, that what he wanted to do was to give effect to the declarations that Mr. GRANT had been taking, and to render false state- ments under these declarations punish- able. Yet he was quite unable to accomplish this feat. A bill of three clauses is too much for him. When he attempts to deal with anything legal he gets into a fog. He cannot express himself with common accuracy. He does not know the ordinary rules of legal construction. He gets confused about the other parts of the law which his new legislation is likely to affect. In this case there was nothing said about the incompetency of Parliament to pass a retrospective law. Whether such a law was constitutional or not was, as the Chief Justice truly observed, a question for the House. Nor was there any necessity for any harsh or strained in- terpretations. The whole legislative edifice tumbled down at the first touch. Mr. G. P. SMITH had tried to do one thing, and had succeeded in doing the opposite. That was all. It is always worth while to trace the' workings of a great artist, and few men can compete with Mr. G. P. SMITH in the art of legislative blundering. The first section, which re-enacted the old law making false declarations to be perjury, was palpably, and on the face of it, future. In the third clause, however, there was a provision that the act should be incorporated with the Criminal Law and Practice Statute, and should " be deemed to be in force " from the time of the coming into ope- " ration" of that act ; that is to say, from the year 1864. This was the little bit of gilding in which Mr. G. P. SMITH proposed to conceal his ex post facto legislation. He did not wish that his aim should be too apparent, but, nevertheless, he thought that he was quite secure. Yet if he had been at the trouble to look into so common a book as Dwarris on Statutes he would have found this rule-" Although in an act " of Parliament it is expressly enacted " that it shall commence and take effect " from a day named, yet if the Royal " assent be not obtained until a day " subsequent, the provisions of a par " ticular section in its terms prospective " do not take effect till such subsequent " day." The terms of the first section were, as we have said, indisputably pro- spective, and as the Royal assent was given five years after the day on which the act was to come into operation, there could be no doubt that that section was not retrospective. The next section was also a very neat thing. It provided that hereafter no objections should be taken or allowed by reason only that the de- claration was not required by law. But this relates only to an objection raised by the prisoner, and neither creates an offence nor exonerates the judge from his duty of ascertaining that the act with which the prisoner is charged is in law a crime. It merely, therefore, causes a futile embarrassment in the course of criminal trials, and it leaves the matter exactly where it found it. The decision, therefore, in MUNGOVAN'S case is not affected, and the dummies may well subscribe to raise a suitable testi- monial to their learned benefactor. We need not say that we do not feel the slightest surprise at this misadventure. We have had too long and too sore an experience of Mr. G. P. SMITH as first law officer of the Crown to wonder at any mistake that he can now make. But these palpable blunders are not creditable to Parliament, Whether Parliament did a wise thing or not in so far violating, under any temptation, the fundamental rule of legislation, whicb. declares that an act innocent when done ought not afterwards to be punished as guilty, we need not now discuss. But when it had resolved to do so, to be foiled and made ridiculous in the eyes of the whole people by Mr. G. P. SMITH'S inca- pacity, or negligence, or presumption is not a thing calculated to increase public respect for our Legislature. We hope that the warning will not be disregarded. It is an old saying among colonial poli- ticians, that the law officers are the making or the marring of a Ministry. We can scarcely suppose that in any extremity of party need Mr. G. P. SMITH will be again permitted to return to a place for which he was so ludicrously unfit. But in the changes which must sooner or later take place, we trust that some attempt will be made to secure for the Law de- partment men who have at least some elementary acquaintance with the science of law, and that the country will be spared both the humiliation and the loss that Mr. G. P. SMITH has caused it. Time will tell, says the old proverb, and in the case of the principles for which the Constitutional party have so long struggled, time has very unex- pectedly and very decisively told its tale. We have already noticed the triumph of those principles for which in the Darling controversy we steadily contended. Another and not less em- phatic recognition of our views upon a more general subject appeared in our columns yesterday. We refer to Earl GRANVILLE'S despatch to the Governor of New South Wales, in which the duties of a Governor in rela- tion to his Ministers and to the Parlia- ment aie cleaily and authoritatively set forth. We have now tha formal and deliberate statement by the Imperial Government of the sense in which they understand the duties of a colonial Governor, and of the mode in which, so long as that officer is subject to the con- trol of that Government, it is intended that he shall act. The rules thus stated coincide exactly with the views that we have so often maintained, and are in direct contradiction to the doctrines of which Mr. HIGINBOTHAM has been amongst us the principal advocate. In February, 1869, the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales passed a supply bill to provide for the salaries of the then current month. Bysome accident the Legislative Council, instead of wait- ing for this bill, adjourned from the 24th February to the 3rd March. There- upon the GOVERNOR and his Ministry voted the case to be an unforeseen con- tingency of an urgent nature, and paid the money as if the bill had been sent to the Council, and had become law. The Council resented this treatment, and passed certain resolutions condemn- ing the proceeding. These resolutions the GOVERNOR sent to the Colonial Office, together with a statement of tho reasons which induced him to anticipate the Council's consent. He received a reply which was only not a sharp rebuke, and was distinctly instructed not to concur again in any such arrange- ment. His Ministry took offence at this despatch, and Mr. SAMUELS, the Treasurer, prepared an elaborate mani- festo, formally protesting against the interference of the Colonial Secretary with the responsibility of the Colonial Ministers to the Colonial Parliament in a matter which, was of purely local concern. In answer to this protest Earl GRANVILLE has written his present despatch, that he may " explain fully to " them (the Ministers) and the people of " New South Wales the position " adopted in this matter by HER MA " JESTY'S Government, and the con " siderations by which they are led to " it." Earl GRANVILLE at once acknow- ledges that the matter is one in which the people of New South Wales are alone concerned, and which their wishes ought to decide, and so the first question is, how is the will of the people to bo ascertained 1 To this question the reply is obvious, "the Legislature of tho " country is the most solemn and autho " ritative organ of the national will." This Legislature (that is the Governor, the Council, and the Assembly) frl*""/*' general rules, which it is the duty"^ the Governor and hiB advisers to obey. In the application of these general rule3 to particular cases the Governor i3 assisted by a Council which possesses, or is supposed to possess, the confidence and good opinion of the two Houses of Parliament. In any ordinary case, if the law commands one course and Mi- nisters advise another, no one would 'doubt as to which should prevail. The Ministry are " commissioned not to " dispense with, the law, but to ad « minister it," and it would bo idle in such circumstances to talk of the Governor's obedience to the law as unconstitutional. But cases may pos- sibly arise of such overwhelming neces- sity that the public interest requires that the law should be temporarily set aside, and the question is, whether the present case does or does not come within this exception. The Constitution Act of liew South Wales, like our own act, casts upon the Governor the duty of signing warrants for the issue of the public money, or in other words, of taking care that no payments shall be mad^pvî-thout a proper Appiopriation Act. But Mr. SAMUELS contends that the Governor cannot, as Mr. HIGIN BOTHAM says, " wag his finger" without the leave of his Executive Council ; and that, therefore, nothing more is needed than a statement, however fallacious, that a public exigency has arisen which requires theunauthorisedissueof revenue. Earl GRANVILLE points out that if the Legislature had desired this, they might have provided for it. There is nothing to prevent the repeal of that part of the Constitution Act which requires the Governor's signature for Treasury war- rants. The money may be paid away if the people, that is, the Parliament of the colony, so desire, upon the single cheque of the Treasurer, or the political heads of departments, or of any other person they like. " Instead of doing " this they (i.e., the Parliament) have " made the Governor responsible for " the execution, and therefoie for " every violation, of the law. That " íesponsibility is, in the opinion " of HER MAJESTY'S Government, a " personal one." This personal re- sponsibility of the Governor by no means exempts him from the obliga- tion of consulting his Executive Council, and of generally following their advice. But nevertheless he remains in the last resort the judge of his own duty, and is not at liberty, on the advice of his Ministers, to sign a Treasury warrant, if he is convinced that to do so would be a plain breach of 'the law. In other words, a Governor, like every other man, cannot evade his personal responsibility by alleging that he acted by some other person's advice. Earl GRANVILLE, therefore, repeats distinctly his foimer instructions . " You are," he says, " to consider the " Legislature as the most authoritative " exponent of the will of the colony. " When the Legislature has enacted a " law, you are not to transgress that " law unless on a reasonable conviction " that the Legislature itself would " approve your doing so. But you " are justified in assuming such " an approval undei the pressure of one " of those overwhelming emergencies " dangeious to anticipate or define " which dispense with all rule, or in tl cases of less moment when there are " specific reasons for presuming that " the Legislature will sanction a certain " specific expenditure and will desire its " sanction to be anticipated." In reply to Mr. SAMUELS' predictions, that these intructions would lead to a collision be- tween the Governor and his Ministers, Earl GRANVILLE hopes that such an event will not occur-" I should deeply *' regret it, but in so painful a contin " gency it would be better to be in col ?" Hsion with your advisers than with the " law." We have thus in sharp contrast the two rival theories of colonial Parlia- mentary government. One holds that the supreme authority rests in the As- sembly ; that the Ministry are ap- pointed and lemoved by the Assembly, _nd that the Governor has no personal ?discretion of any kind, but is worked like an automaton by his advisers. They can dispense with the laws in case of necessity j and of that necessity they, sub ject of course to the Assembly, are the sole judges. The other theory holds that the Parliament-i.e., the Governor, Council, and Assembly-is the most solemn and authoritative organ of national will; that it is the duty of the Governor both to obey the laws, and to cause others, so far as he can, to obey them ; that the 'Governor is personally responsible for his actions, and cannot shelter himself from his proper responsibility behind his advisers ; that a breach of the law is a breach of the wishes of the colony, .excusable only when there are strong and specific reasons for behoving that the colony itself, as represented by both Houses of Parliament, would itself de- sire such a breach. We need not dwell upon the contrast. To free-born Eng lishmen there can be little room for doubt when their choice lies between the wild movements of unorganised masses, whose desires can find arti- culate expression only in an un- checked despotism, whether of one person or of seveial persons, and the -orderly and well-regulated action of several concurrent bodies whose unani- mous consent is needed for law, and who themselves depend upon and are supported by law. If this is the kind of tyranny that we have to dread from Downing street-if our masters will insist that we shall not only govern ourselves, but also that we shall do so in the manner which is best fitted to ascer- tain the sentiments of the whole com- munity, we think that wo need be in no great hurry for separation. Many dull souls among us will be content to re- main under Clerk BOGERS and the law, rather than under Citizen HIGINBOTHAM .or Citizen SAMUELS without the law. The R.M.S.S. Malta, Captain N. J. Skot- towe, with the Australian and New Zealand in ails for England and tbe East, left her anchorage in the bay punctually at 2 p.mr yesterday. In addition to a large comple. ment of passengers from Sydney and this port, she took from Victoria S0,978oz. of gold and £10,320 in specie ; from Sydney she took 7.3870Z. gold, l,411oz. silver, and 52,855 sove- reigns. As usual on the departure of the mail garner from the bay, there was quito a conci"^">of visitors on board prior to tho ancht»3iuB tripped. In the Legislative Council yesterday, Mr. Anderson announced that the Scab Bill was not printed, and moved the adjournment of tho House until Tuesday next. Objections .were raised to such a prolonged adjournment under present circumstances, and ultimately the House adjourned until Thursday next. Dissatisfaction was evinced at the manner in which tho Ministry were represented, and a desire expressed that in future a member of "the Cabinet should conduct the business of tho .Government of the day in the Upper House. Tho Legislative Assembly presented last I evening an unusually animated appearance. I It was generally understood that tho fate of the Ministry, and in eil probability that of the Assembly itself, was to be decided. Before the House met, a large number of strangers had congregated outside waiting for orders for admittance, and when the Speaker took tho chuir all the galleries were densely crowded. From the first it was evident that there were to be no moro friendly motions, for the first thing noticed by hon. members was that Messrs. Macgregor and King had crossed from the Ministerial to the Opposition Comer. Almost immediately after the com- mencement of the business of the evening, Mr. Macgregor askod what steps the Govern- ment intended to take, and meeting with no reply, gave notice that, on the motion for going into committee to consider the re- solutions on the public expenditure sub- mitted by tho Chief Secretary, he would move an amendment to tho effect that tbo Estimates of the Ministry having been found untrustworthy, the longer re- tention o£ office by the Government would be unconstitutional. Mr. Kerf erd then moved the adjournment of the Houso. And this was at once accepted by the Ministry as a vote of want of confidence, but the Opposi- tion, being apparently of opinion that the move was a mistake, and rather played into the hands of the Government, succeeded in obtaining the withdrawal of the motion, Mr. Macgregors amendment on the motion for going into committeo, then carno on, and was ultimately carried by a ma- jority of 34 to 26, tho members, somewhat singularly, being the same as those registered when the M'Culloch Government was beaten cn the question of the appointment of Mr. Rolfe to the office of Commissioner of Trade and Customs. There was nothing in the de- bate calling for special notice, as the subject had been fully exhausted in the tedious debates which had previously taken place. It is, how- ever, worthy of remark that Mr. Higinbotham again supported the Government, and voted with them, and that Mr. Francis, whilst opposing the Ministry, said he would be no party to the coalition which he understood was to bo formed to take their places. Sixty members voted on the question, 2G for and 34 against the Government. Sir Francis Murphy occupied the chair. Messrs. Wrixon and Williams paired off, the former for and the latter against the Ministry, and 13 members were absent altogether, and did not pair. It will bo seen that nearly all the members of the Constitutional party abstained from taking part in the division. The absentees were Messrs. Carr, Connor, Duffy, Gillies, Harcourt, Kerferd, Lalor, Langton, Mac Mahon, M'Kenna, Riddell, Russell, Thomas, Walsh, and Watkins. To-day Ministers will decide on what course they will adopt under the circumstances, but it was last night pretty plainly hinted that they would recommend His Excellency to dissolve. The House at its rising adjourned until Thursday. The report of the chief medical officer on the Sanitary Station during the year ending Decembor 31, 1869, laid upon the table of the Legislative Assembly last night, states that the ship Tornado, with Government immi- grants on board, was placed in quarantine at tho beginning of the year, having typhoid fever on board. After a detention of 31 days, the healthy immigrants were released and forwarded to Melbourne. The number of persons in quarantine ex < Tornado was equal to 3G5 statute adults. Tho cost per diem of the maintenance of the immigrants in quarantine averaged 8]d. for each statute adult, and the total oxpense incurred was £427 5s. Id., of which £4C 6s. Stf., the expense incurred during the first four days of quarantine, was recovered from the agents of the vessel, the balance of £37918s. 5d. being refunded to the gene/al revenue out of the immigration fund. The only other ship detained in quarantine during the year was the Furness Abbey, from London, having had smallpox on board in the earlier part of her voyage. Her detention, which lasted for five days, was caused principally by the re- fusal of tho sailors to bo vaccinated. After all on board were vaccinated the vessel was allowed to go free. Last night a return was laid upon the table of the Legislative Assembly showing the cost of carrying prisoners to and from Portland to Belfast for trial since the removal of the Circuit Court from the formor to the latter town. The amount was £52 2s. The remains of the late Mr. John Guthrie, assistant-commissioner of Customs, wore conveyed to Geelong yesterday by special train, for interment in the now ceme- tery. About 100 gentlemen, consisting of private friends and brother officers of the deceased, with some of the members of the session of the Scots' Church, of which Mr. Guthrie was an elder, and the Revs. I. Hetherington and P. S. Menzies went down by the same train to attená the funeral.. The train arrived at the Geelong station about half-past 2. The coffin was then transferred to a hearse in waiting, which proceeded, followed by *the mourners, to St. George's Presby- terian Church, of which the deceased gentle- man was at one time an active member. On reaching the church the coffin was carried into the building, and placed in front of the pulpit. A funeral service was then conducted The Rev. A. J. Campbell read a portion o Scriptuio and offered prayer. Tho Rev. P. S. Menzies also engaged in the devotional service. A hymn was then sung, and the service terminated with the doxology. The remains were then replaced in the hearse, and the funeral cortege proceeded to the new cemetery at Herno-hill. The procession was very largo, extending about half a mile. At the grave the Rev. I. Hetherington conducted the service. As a mark of respect for the de- ceased gentleman, many of the tradesmen of the town had the shuttors of their respective places of business closed. The banks were closed altogether at 2 o'clock, and flags were hoisted half-mast high in numerous parts of the town. " When the M'Culloch Ministry resigned,'1 remarks the 'Ballarat Star, "it was asserted by those simple folks who swore by the Mi- nistry that tho largo revenue for the year was solely due to the genius of the Treasuror and Chief Secretary. The force of humbug could not much further go than to assert that a Treasurer had caused large importations of commodities, but nothing is sometimes too transparent to be believed or too foolish to be repeated, and this assertion was repeated and, we suppose, believed. Mr. M'Culloch's own view is, however, curiously in contrast with what he was given credit for. He as- serts that last year was an abnormal one, that the markets were glutted, and that this year will show a decline in the revenue in consequence. Which are we to believe, Mr. M'Culloch himself or his political toadies?" It has been definitely settled that the Eastei volunteer encampment shall tako placo at Little Rivor, instead of at Fyansford, neal Geelong, as originally designed. There may be some inconveniences in having the encamp- ment 14 miles from Geolong, but they are of such a nature that they can easily bo ovor. come, especially as the proposed site for the camp at Little River is only a mile and a quarter from the railwaystation. A députa tion, consisting of Messrs. Kernot, Richard, son, and Cunningham,M.L.A.'s, waited on the Treasurer yesterday, with the view of induc- ing him to reconsider his determination, bal they did not succeed in convincing him thal it would be well to camp nearer Geelong, where, as Colonel Anderson pointed out, the water was noithor as plentiful nor as good as at thi LittleRiver. It is the intention of tho Commis sioner of Railways to put on a numbor of cheat trains at Easter, so that every facility will bl afforded the public of witnessing the proceed ings of the volunteers. The fares by trait from Geelong to Little River will not exceed those charged for conveyance by cab from the samo town to Fyansford, a distance of about four miles. Apart from tho abundance of fresh water available at Little River, Colonel Anderson stated that in other respects the locality was admirably suited for the purposes intended, and ho also pointed out that the gunpowder at present stored in tho Royal park might with advantage be removed to a depot which could be constructed between the spms of the You Yangs, where it would not only be perfectly safe, but could be easily de- fended in coso of attack. The schooner Rosedale, which sailed from Melbourne on tho 10th inst. for the Gipps Land Lakes,' and which it was feared must have met with some disaster, is in safety. A telegram from Port Albert states that she put into Corner Inlet for shelier on Wednesday last, and is still lying there, weather-bound, in company with the cutter Alice Ros- tron. The Minister of Railways leceived four I deputations yesterday, ou tho subject of station accommodation on the North- Eastorn line of railway. The inhabitants of Coburg desired to have a platform- stage erected near that town ; some other gentlemen urged the importance of building a station at the inter- section of the railway with the Sydney-road at Craigieburn ; and some residents of Beve- ridge asked that the station should bo erected near their town instead of at Wallan Wallan, as at present contemplated, the inhabitants of the latter place, however, protesting against any such alteration. Mr. Longmore replied to these several applications with tho general statement that no direction had been given with reference to stations for more than a year, and that every proper inquiry would be made before any sites were finally determined upon. The fourth deputation was from the Geelong Gas Company, the repre- sentatives of which applied to the de- partment to carry their coal from tho Geelong wharf along the railway to their premises, some two miles distant, at 15d. a ton, and also to make a short sidling to facili- tate tho discharge of trucks. Mr. Longmore said he would send an officer down to report, but the department could use the trucks to much greater advantage, and he could not give the deputation any hope that their appli- cation would be granted. The differences between the Friondly Socio" ties and the City Corporation are far from being settled. The societies, in fencing in their ground, encroached upon tho Yana Bank toad. The corporation insisted on the íemoval of the fence. Iniluence was brought to bear on tho corporation, through the Crown Lands department, to induce them to agreo lo a compromise. The corporation felt bound to insist on the removal of the fence. The trustees of the ground, not to be beaton for want of perseverance, then resolved to wait as a deputation on the Public Works Com- mittee ofjtho City Council. Yesterday thoy had the inteiview they desired ; but they did not succeed in altering the opinion the com- mittee arrived at before. The committee held that tho corporation were bound to carry out the law, and prevent any encroachment upon tho public load. That, no doubt, will be the substance of their report to the City Council on the subject. A question affecting the rights of certain persons, who have licences under the Lands department to work limestone quarries at Limeburners' Point, near Geelong, came before the Board of Land and Works yes- terday. The licensees having received notice from the Lands department that after the 31st March the quarries occupied by them would be let by public tender, appeared before the board to resist this proposal, con- tending that they were entitled to the ground, considering the outlay they had made, as long as they complied with the conditions of the lease. Mr. Wischer applied for a portion of the ground on the 1st November last, and an intimation was received from the department on the 14th January that the licences would be thrown open to public tender, the suc- cessful tenderers to pay former licensees a fair valuation for their improvements. Both sides of the question were heard before the board yesterday, Mr. Webb and Mr. Kerferd appearing for the licensees— Messrs. Mixner and Campbell and Messrs. Cakebread and Blair - and Mr. Molesworth representing Mr. Wischer and parties desiring the ground to be thrown open to public com- petition. The existing system was objected to as being a flagrant monopoly, and it was stated that the licensees had combined to keep the price of lime at 3s. Gd. per bag, though it could be profitably sold for a smaller sum. A petition, signed by the mayor of Melbourne, and some 200 other builders and contractors, against the monopoly, was pre- sented. A number of witnesses having been examined at length, Mr. M'Koan said he would visit the locality himself with an officer of the department, and give his decision as soon as possible. The necessity for having competent draughtsmen to prepare bills for Parliament .was shown by the result of the case of Ae Queen v. Gallagher, decided in the Supreme Court yesterday. In July, 18G9, the Court held, in 27ie Queen v. Munyovan, that owing to a defect in tho Consolidated Criminal Law Statute and Evidence Statute, voluntary de- clarations before a magistrate or a notary wer& when false, not punishable as for perjury. The then Attoiney General (Mr. G. P. Smithjunder took to bring in a bill not only to remedy the defect as to future declarations, butltc make all false declarations made between June, 1804, and August, 1869-the date of the retrospective act-punishable. Aftor this io. trospeetive act was passed, Gallagher was tried for having in May, 18G9, mado a false declaration, and the question then arose whether the Legislature had used words suffi- ciently explicit to explain their meaning. The policy of all courts is not to make the language of such a statute retrospective if ii can be avoided, and the Supreme Court yes. terday determined that tho words wore no| sufiicienttomake the act retrospectivo, and directed the defendant to bo acquitted. In the Supreme Court, yesterday, a docisior was given in Ryan v. the Mayor of Malms bury as to the discretionary power of the borough councils to repair loads. Part of the main road* between Melbourne and Castle maine is within the Malmsbury borough. II was formed before the borough was created but the council allowed one part of it te fall into a state of disrepair. The plain tiff was proceeding on horseback alonj the road, when his horse put his fool into a hole and threw him, injurinj. him severely. Ho brought an action agaius the council to recover damages, but thi Court held that the act left it discre tionary with the council to repair the road and although they had funds to do so, anc had noticed the road was in a dangerous con dition, they wero not liable. It is satisfac tory to know that by the new act this statt of the law has been altered, and that tin discretionary power has been taken fron local bodies. Ciarle v. Oppenheim, heard yesterday al the County Court, before assessors, was ar action brought to recover £22 7s. Od., thi difference betweon the amount of the pur chase money and the sum realised by the re sale at defendant's risk of 25 shares in thi WorkingMiners' Gold-mining Company. Oi the 27th of August lost, the defendant agrcet to buy from Mr. Wallen, 25 shares in thi Working Miners' Gold-mining Company a 42s. a share. On the following morn ing he received a sale note for th shares from Mr. Clarke, the plaintiff. Tha was Saturday, and on the Wednesday foi lowing the defendant called on the plaintif for tho scrip, but was informed hy him tha the scrip had not come to hand, but he ex pected to have them by the ensuing day when he would send them to the defendant They were not forwarded, however, unti Saturday, when, upon presentation, the de fendant refused to accept thom, inasmuch as they hadnot been delivered within reason- able time, or according to usage, which was stated to bo usually three or four days. For the plaintiff it was urged that he had received a telegram from Bal- larat to sell the shares in question, but the scrip had not come to hand as soon as had been expected. On tho Wednesday that the defendant called he (Mr. Oppenheim) evinced no anxioty to have tho shares imme- diately, and had neither paid the amount of the purchase-money nor returned the sale note. On the next Friday plaintiff received the scrip, but, expecting that the defendant would have again called, it was not for warded until Saturday, when the purchaso was re- pudiated by defendant. It was then pro- posed by Mr. Wallen that the matter should be referred to Mr. Gordon Evans for arbitration. The defendant in the first instance showed a disposition to acquiesce in tho proposal. Mr. Wallen and Mr. Clarke submitted their version of the transaction to Mr. Evans, who decided against the defendant. The latter refused to give his statement of the affair, and declined altogether to recognise Mr. Gordon Evans as arbitrator. The shares wero then sold at defendant's risk, and a loss of £22 7s. Gd. having been incurred, proceedings were in- stituted, and a verdict obtained in the County Court for the amount claimed by the plain- tiff. An application on the part .of the de- fendant for a now trial before assessors was subsequently granted. The assessors, after a brief consultation, gave a verdict for the full amount claimed. Bowan v. Cohen and Moss was an action brought in the County Court yesterday, to recover £260.for alleged breach of agreement. The facts of tho case wore somewhat com- plicated, and possessed few features of pub- lic interest. The defendants, who were partners in this transaction only, pur- chased 117 chests of tea, more or less damaged, from the plaintiff, at £284. The certificates wore handed over to the pur- chasers, and all the necessary forms complied with, so far as the plaintiff was concerned. The defendant Moss, however, before giving his acceptance for the amount, ascertained that the quality of the tea was not equal to what he had expected, and having assured himself of the fact he repudi- ated the whole transaction, on tho ground that ho had been induced to purchase by misrepresentation. It was urged by the plaintiff that Moss had had an opportu. nity of judging of the quality of the tea previous to the bargain being concluded, and that the fact of its having been subse" quently found of an inferior description could not vitiate the bargain. The assessors found for tho plaintiff for the full amount claimed. A correspondent, writing from Fyansford, urges that the Volunteer encampment should be held, as originally proposed, near that place. The military authorities have pro- nounced against the situation on the ground that the waters of the Moorabool and Barwon have becomo brackish ; but our correspond- ent, while admitting that the Moorabool river may be objected to on this score, assorts that the Barwon, near Fyansford, is still a perfectly fresh stream, adding that ho has used the water for domestic purposes for 14 years, andisnsing it still. The majority of the inhabitants of Geelong and its suburbs, he also says, use no other water during tho greater portion of tho year. The suitability of the Fyansford site for a military display has already been recognised, but our corre- spondent again points out its advantages. A numerously attended meeting of Vic- torian pedestrians was held last night at Grimwood's Hotel, Elizabeth-street. Mr. T. P. Power occupied the chair, and explained the object of the meeting, which was to give expression to the feelings of dissatisfaction felt at the way the handicaps wore framed' in the pedestrian matches that wero run off on the Molbourno Cricket-ground, and the un- . fair treatment shown by tho management to tho Victorian pedestrians while contesting matches on the ground. Mr. Maude moved the first resolution-"That at all future' pedestrian meetings held throughout the colony we, the pedestrians here assembled, refuse to competo unless a handicapper elected by us is allowed to assist in framing the handicaps." Mr. H. Conway seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Mr. H. J. Collie said that he considered the accommodation afforded to tho Victorian pedestrians at the Melbourne Cricket-ground during the late matches was shameful. Thoy had only a tent to go into, in which there was nothing to sit down upon ; the public were allowed to enter, and the clothes of the pedestrians were injurod and lost. He moved -"That the Victorian pedestrians refuse to compete at any of the future meetings of the athletic sports to bo held on the Melbourne Cricket-firound until proper accommodation is provided for them." Tho motion was seconded by Mr. Maude, and carried. On the proposition of Mr. H. Conway, seconded by Mr. Maude, it was resolved "That a meeting be called on the 7th April, for the purpose of forming an association of Victorian pedestrians," Mr. Buck remarked that at most of the athletic sports, there wero only two prizes giveni whereas if there were threo it would stimu- late those behind to do their bost to got a place, and thuB lead to the handicappors ob- taining a better opinion as to the qualifica- tions of the men. He also romarked that Mr. Topley had been brought out from Eng- land to show them how to walk, and yet whenever any amateur tried Topleyism he was at once disqualified. Mr. Day com- plained of the way ho had been treated by Mr. Harrison, at Creswick, whero his son, six years old, only received 20 yards from such men as Heathcote and M'Kissock, who wore the winners of cups. After a vote of thanks to the chair, the meeting broke up. The committee appointed" by the Melbourne butchers met the cattle salesmen yesterday afternoon at Morton's Hotel, Bourke-streot. Mr. John Kerr occupied the chair. Mr. Dougbarty said ho had been appointed on tho part of the cattle salesmen to answer the reso- lutions arrived at by the meeting of tho trade tho day before. Ho read tho following state- ment:-"At a meeting of the undersigned sheep and cattle salesmen held this day at tho offices of Messrs. King and Cuningham it was proposed that from and.after the 6th April next the terms upon which fat stock shall bo sold to tho trado shall be 14 days' credit, and if required it may be extended to 30 days on payment of interest for the additional 10 days, and that tho pre- sent 30 days' discount be allowed to cash buyers." This document was signed by all tho sheep and cattle salesmen with the ex- ception of the firm of Dal. Campbell and Co. After a short discussion, Mr. May moved tho adjournment of the meeting until after tho salo the noxt day, to give the com- mittee timo to consult tho trado on tho sub- ject. Mr. T. K, Bennot seconded tho reso- lution, which was carried without opposi- tion. In answer to a question from the chairman, Mr. Hammond stated that the Melbourne Meat-preserving Company and the graziers who bought fat stock at the yards were to be treated on the same footing as tho butchors. Ono of tho largo butchers here remarked that the salesmen gavo the Meat- preserving Company three months' ciedit on paying intorest, but would not do so with a butcher ; but ho was at onco silenced by threo or four of the salesmen offering him the same terms, with an eagerness that caused considerable laughter. Altogether, tho dis- cussion was carried on in a much more friendly spirit than that of the day before, and thero is every probability that an amicable settlement of the differences between the parties will be come to at the meeting to be held at Rigby's Hotel tbi» day. A sale of Crown lands was held yesterday, at Messrs. Gemmell, Tuifcett, and Co.'i rooms, Collins-streec west, tllie land offered for sale consisted 'of town lots' at Emerald' hill, situated in Moray- street, oa the south- eastern side of the Melbourne and Hobson'a Bay Railway line. There was a very good attendance of purchasers, and all the lots catalogued were disposed of after a very keen competition, at exceedingly high prices. Some of the lots sold realised about £2,000 per acre. The proceeds of the sale amounted to £3,470. The rain in New South Wales, which again began to fall on Monday, continues, and a repetition of tho floods seoms not at all improbable. Our last night's Sydney telegram contained tho information that the Hunter and Nepean rivers wore rising fast. The Nepean is a stream which discharges itself into tho Hawkesbury, between Pen- rith and Richmond. The usual meeting of the council of the Acclimatisation Society took placo yesterday at the Royal-park. The members present ox pressed themselves well pleased with thostato of the grounds and the healthy look of tho animals. The Californian quail, which aro increasing very rapidly at the park, wero much admired. Orders were given for the immediate trapping of the hares, for which there is a great demand in nearly ovory part of the colony. A letter was received from Now Caledonia asking for minah birds, to abate in that colony the destruction caused by the grasshoppers, which have eaten up this year all tho most promising crops. Tho secretary was instructed to tako measures to secure as great a numbor of these birds as pos- sible for transmission to Now Caledonia. Tho attention of the meeting was drawn to an article in the last number of The Austral- asian, relating to a proposed coursing club. The president stated that of course nobody could think of destroying with impunity animals which wero protected by act of Par- liament, but at tho samo time it might bo advisable to hear farther from tho persons in. tcrested in this coursing club, and see what proposals they would make. The secretary was instructed to communicate with the editor of The Australasian upon the subject. The secrotary read a letter from tho Borough Council of Portland forwarding a donation of £2 2s. to the funds of the society. The usual weekly meeting of tho committee of management of the Melbourne Hospital was held, yesterday. Prosont-Mr. H. J. Hart (in the chair) Messrs. Gibbs, Gillbco, Phillips, Martin, Knaggs, and Drs. Mother- well and Barker. The secretary's re- port showed that the number of patients admitted during the week was 01, now cases-Out-patients, 207 ; casualties, 212 ; total, 480. Deaths, 8 ; discharges, 4G ; numbor of patients in hospital, 333. Tho secretary submitted the desirability of address- ing a circular to the ministers of the various churches who had not given collections in aid of the funds, soliciting thom to fix some Sunday during the year on which they would advocate the claims of tho institution. Mr. Gillbeo observed that it was customary in somo parts of England for all the churches in a town to have what was called a Hospital Sunday, on which a collec- tion was made in all the churches for tho hospital. The senior medical officer reported that of|tho deaths one occurred within 21 hours of admission, the patient (Brett) being in a hopeless state when fust seen ; while another patient (Bruce), though lingering five days af ter admission, was brought in reduced to death's door by privation and want of food, which naturally hastened the fatal termination of her disease, viz., cancer of the breast. The chairman announced that Messrs. Sands and Macdougal had presented a numbor of books, including a complete sot of the Waverley novels, for tho uso of the institution. The secretary was instructed to convoy the thanks of the committee to Messrs. Sands and Mac- dougal for their liberal donation. On the motion of Mr. Gibbs, seconded "by Mr. Phillips, it was resolved " that Mr. Cohen's notice ho called to the fact that accounts, of tho hospital already passed for payment ro- main unpaid, and ask him to give his atten- tion thereto without further delay." The chairman drew the attention of the com- mittee to tho very large increase in the con- sumption of medical comforts at the hospital. On the motion of Dr. Motherwell, Messrs. Gibbs, Knaggs, -Martin, Phillips, and Hart were appointed a sub-committeo to inquire into the matter. At tho Collingwood Police Court, yostor day, a young woman named Elizabeth Lover cito Cook, was charged with having ondan. gered tho life of a child of tho age of l8 months, by abandoning it while under her care. The case was a remarkable one, and is probably the first charge of the kind that has been preferred against a domestic servant in the colony. The facts of the tease are briefly these. On Monday, the 14th inst., the young woman was engaged by a Mrs. William Fry, residing at Northcote, as a nurse, and to make herself generally useful, which sho found meant not only to nurso the baby, but to feed tho pigs, milk tho cows, and to carry water from the creek. On Tuesday she objected to tho duties sho was called on to perform, complained of the quality of the food supplied to her, and was about to leave, but was prevented by hor master going for a policeman to give hor in charge. On Wednesday she promised tore main to the end of her month. On Thurs- day, St. Patrick's Day, her master and mis- tress went out, leaving hor at home in charge of the baby. She remained there until nearly two o'clock, when she left the house, taking her box with hor. Mrs. Fry returned between 3 and 4 |o'clock, whon she found that tho nurso had absconded, and the baby with its feet entangled in tho clothes, its head hanging over tho sido of tho cradle, blade in the face, cold, and nearly doad. For thus deserting the child the nurso was ar- rested, and committed by tho Bench to take her trial at the next General Sessions. Whe- ther her conduct, which doubtless was very reprehensible, amounts, under the circum- stances, to a misdemeanour, is the question to be decided by tho tribunal beforo which she will bo tried. The fear excited in the minds of travellers by the mere mention of tho namo of Power, the bushrangor, is so great that it is often difficult to toll whether that redoubt- able " Knight of tho Woods" has really boon met by the persons who recount their thrilling adventures of "bailings up" by the road- side. A passenger by the coach which arrived in Melbourno from Kilmore on Monday stated yesterday that whennear tho Big-hill on this side of Kilmoro the coachman cautioned thoso inside that Power was waiting for them a little way ahead on tho road, and that he meant to drive foil speed past him, in the hope of an escape. A ludicrous scene imme- diately took placo amongst tho inside pas- sengers, who in their fright began stowing their monoy, watches, &c;, in thoir boots, amongst thoir innor clothing, and in various crevices of tho coach, in ordor that tho search of tho dreaded frcobooter might prove fruit- less. On passing the spot where he was sup- posed to bo in ambush tho travellers saw some one gesticulating to the driver, who, however, only drovo the faster, soon leaving the supposed bushrangor behind; and the timid "inBides," breathing freoly once more, without hesitation averred that the reason for their lucky escape was that Power had already one victim in charge, whom he was loath to leave. How tho pas- sengers, while tho coach was going at full speed, could gather this from the fact of seeing two persons by the roadside can only he guessed, hut probably enough this is a similar case to that of the shepherd who was on the Wood's Point road recently lashod in the face by the coachman to whom ho was merely banding upa roll of letters, which ware mistaken for a pistol It was afterwards rumoured very generally about town that Power, after shooting two constables, and wounding a third, had been captured by a fourth, but on inquiry of the detectives our re poiter was informed that no official intima- tion of such an occurrence bad been re- ceived. The licensing Bench at the City Court yes- terday had an undoubted case of tho dum myism which the present liquor law fosters to so groat an extent, brought under their notice. Tho caso was one in which Joseph Brownhill applied to have the licence of the Haymarket Hotel transferred to James Frost, but frankly acknowledged that he was him- self only put forward by a Mr. Allon, to whom all the profits of tho house went. Frost also admitted that ho would occupy a similar posi- tion in reference to Allen as tho othor had, if tho transfor wero granted, a3 ho was merely to bo paid by Allen for boing the nominalliccnseo. The Bench therefore refused tho transfer, and on Brownhill asking what he was to do to get rid of the liconce now that ho could not transfer it, he was advised to remain a^ay from the house 28 consecu- tive days, when tho liconce would bo declared forfeited, and his responsibility would cease. Soon afterwards an application for a night licence for a houso in S wans ton-street, in which Allen was said to bo interested, was made, whereupon Inspector Kabat remarked, "Another of Allen's dummies." This was also refused. William Spargo, aged 21, coachman to Dr. Cutts, had his leg broken yesterday evening by a horse he was riding in Spencor-stroet falling upon him. Ho was taken to the Hospital. John O'Brien, aged 51, a seaman, on hoard tho schooner Crinoline, was also admitted to the hospital, with a severe frac- ture of the right leg, caused by having boon entangled with a rope and thrown down the hold, a distance of about 8ft. The body of the boilormaker, Joseph Cart- wright, who fell off tho steamor Clydo into tho Yarra on tho afternoon of the 26th inst., was found yesterday floating in the rivor noar the gasworks. It was taken to tho f morgue, where it awaits an inquest. The deceased's widow and her child aro left utterly des- titute. , The suicide mania has not yet died out. At about 5 o'clock yesterday morning a woman, named Mary A. M'Greavy, was pre- vented from throwing hersolf into the Yarra, near Richmond, and was handed ovor to tho police. Tho woman, who stated as an excuso for her conduct that she had been drinking heavily, was one of tho principal witnossos in the case of the men who wore hung some ycais ago for a barofaced attempt at robbery under arms at the Collingwood branch of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. The supposed bushranger Richard Nicklin, who was charged with attempting to stick up the Kilmore coach on the night of the 17th inst., was brought beforo the City Bench on remand yesterday, and discharged. It will be remembered that the prisoner stated that he was ashepherd, and was in tho habit of de- livering lotters, &c;, to the drivers of the Wood's Point coaches, and that he was only about to hand up a letter, on tho 17th inst., to'a driver, who-being a stranger-thought he was a bushranger, and, striking him with the whip, drove on. Inspector Kabat now stated that he had found the man's story to be tiue, and he was released, as abovo stated. The Bench suggested that ho should be taken back homo free in the next coach. At the City Court yeatorday, a young woman named Mary Wallace was charged with obtaining goods to the valuo of £20 from Mr. T. Y. Anderson, draper, by false pretences ; but the prosecutor stated that ho wished to withdraw tho charge, and the prisoner was accordingly sot at liberty. A poll was taken yesterday for tho election of a councillor for tho borough of Kow, in the room of Mr. R. M. Young, who has re- cently loft the colony. Mr. Francis Jamieson was the successful candidate, ho having polled 82 votes against 46 recorded for his opponent, Mr. Georgo Wharton. Very little interest was taken in the election. A sale of Crown lands in fee-simplo was held at Geelong yesterday. Town lots of one rood each, in Durdidwarrah, parish of Moreep, county Grant, were sold at the upset price of £8 per acre. For 30 small lots at Morrison's, on the Moorabool River, and tho road from Mount Egerton to Meredith, upon which improvements had been made varying from £5 to £350, there was no offer in conso quence of the upset prico boing fixed at the fictitious valuo of £50 per acre. The respec- tive holders were in attendance to protoct their interests should any one havo had the temerity to bid, but none being so foolish the lots were withdrawn. The whole sale only realised £10. Wo noticed somotime sineo a "View on the Thames," by Mr. F. L. Montaguo, an artist who has lately como hither from Sidney, and we were happy to bo ablo to point out many indications of talent which it contains. Our attention has now been drawn to another production from the same pencil, which merits at least equal commen- dation. It is entitled " A Sunny Aftornoon in Australia," and is a view on Muddy Creek, neal Botany Bay. A peculiarity in the inten- tion with which this picture was painted may mislead many persons in their appreciation of its worth. If it bo seen in the shade, thoso who are unacquainted with pictures of this kind would imagine thero wero a thousand defects. But tho fact is, it is intended to bo viewed only in a very bright light, in which position most of tho imaginary imper- fections instantly disappear. It is customary on the Continent to place pictures painted in this manner on shutters which can bo swung forward to the window, whore tho observer can compare the work of the artist with the veritable appearances of naturo her- self. Mr. Montague seems to have had some idea of this kind in his mind when ho painted the "bunny Afternoon," as it looks to full advantage only when tho sun is shill- ing upon it, and then it certainly looks ro markably well. Many a better picture would appear tamo and disagreeablo whon subjected to such a light, just as this one no doubt ap- pears to suffer when doprived of it. Mr. Montague has ovidently learnod something from ono of our best paysa<i'istca sinco his arrival in Melbourne, and has, so far, made a decided improvement in his stylo. Tho Philharmonic Socioty had an oxcellont rehearsal last night of Jules Benedict's now cantata, " The Lcgond of St. Cecilia, " a work which has not yet been performed in the Australian colonies. Tho committeo havo placed this cantata in rohoarsal with a viow to its poiforraanco at the opening of the now town-hall. As no concert is to ho given by tho society on Good Friday, it has been deter- mined to commonco the vigorous practice of now and suitable works for a serlos of concorts on a grand scalo, to be given as soon as the now town-hall is availablo for use. It is expected that the opening of tho now town ball will usher in a now era iu the existence of tile Philharmonic Society. Notwithstanding the great boat of tho wea- ther, tho Princess's Theatro was very well attended last night. Tho drama of the "Home Wreck" does not seem to lose any of its attractions by repetition, Tho letters of Mr. P. J. Martin and Mr. Nimmo aro hold over in consequence of tho pressure on our space. Thoy will appear to- morrow. Tlie usual fortnightly meeting of the Vic- torian Permanent Proporty Investment and Building Society was held on Wednesday ovon ing, at their oilicoB, No. 4C Collins-street oast. Mr. Crews in the chair. It was reported that during tho past month 1,247 investing shares were issued, making a total of 45,080 since the commencement of the society. £12,425 was loaned on 497 shares borrowed in the month, during which the receipts amounted to £18,144 2s. 2d. The committee of the Eye and Ear Institu tion met on Monday attornorx*1' ^ï.08^'" Dr. Neild (in tho chair), Mr. Gr\\\?lr-Z<>x. the Rev. James Miram», Mr. E. J«- Gibbs, and Mr. R. Gibbs. Tho president an\\.'0,unced tho receipt of a letter from the Board ol Lauu and Survey, pointing out certain objecU ons to a sito chosen by tho committee, and su^ gesting another sito «non which to erect th_' permanent building of the institution. If» was agreed that tuo president and secre- tary should communicate further with the Board, moro particularly for the purpose of pointing out that tho she now deemed objectionable was suggested by the Sur- veyor-General as peculiarly available. Mr. Zox was appointed to audit the monthly accounts. The sum of £08 3s. was passed for the month's expenses. The honoiary sur- geon's report showed that 7? out-patients and 15 in-pationte had been admitted during the month, that Hie numbor on tho books was of out- patients 413, in-patients &. Elevo«, principal operations had been performed. Several new applications wore dealt with; and some other routine business transacted. 