OBITUARY. (From the 41 Men of the Age") I CHARLES DICKENS, the son of Mr. John Dickens, who held a position in the Navy Pay Department, was born at Portsmouth in 1812. At the close of the war his father retired on a pension, and came to London as Parliamentary reporter for one of the daily papers. His son Charles was placed as a clerk in an attorney's office; but a strong literary bias led to his obtaining, soon after, an engagement as a reporter on the staff of the ' Morning Chronicle', then in the zenith of its fame, under Mr. John Black. The editor, noticing his readiness and versatility, allowed him a theatre for the display of his graphic qualities by in serting in his journal those " Sketches of English Life and Character," which were afterwards reprinted in a collective form, under the title of " Sketches by Boz," in 1836-7. Almost simultaneously with these appeared a comic opera from his pen, en titled " The Village Coquettes." The gra phic power of describing the ordinary scenes of common life, more especially in their most ludicrous aspect, did not escape the attention of Messrs. Chapman and Hall, who accordingly requested "Boz" to write for them a story as a serial in monthly parts, and the result was the publication of the "Posthomous Memoirs of the Pickwick Club." The subject was treated by " Boz" in a manner at once so easy, so graphic, and natural, and with such a flow of gen uine honour, that the author found him self raised, almost at a single step, to the highest rank among living, novelists. Il lustrated at first by the pencil of Seymour, and subsequently by tbat of Hablot K. Browne, the " Pickwick Papers" found an enormous sale, and the name of the author was avowed to the world in 1838. The great success of "Pickwick" naturally led to a variety of oilers being made to Mr. Dickens by the London publishers; and brought about the connection of the author with Mr. Bentley, who engaged his services as editor of his " Miscellany," in the second number of which, in February, 1837, ap peared the first instalment of " Oliver Twist." This story, which was published complete in two volumes at the close of 1838, lets the reader into some of the se crets of life, at it used too frequently to be found in the parish union workhouses, and in the dark haunts of thievery and villany which form so black a blot upon London and the larger cities in the provinces. Ad mirably illustrated by the pencil of George Cruickshank, "Oliver Twist" at once became a popular favourite, and it continues still to be regarded as one of the author's hap piest productions. Meanwhile "Nicholas Nickleby" appeared in shilling numbers, uniform with " Pickwick," shortly after the completion of that work. "Nickleby" was written to expose in detail the cruel ties wbich were then, and are still, it is to be feared, practised upon orphans and other neglected children of the middle classes at cheap schools, especially in some of tbe northern counties. Mr. Dickens tells us, in the preface of this book, that these dis closures resulted from a visit of inspection paid by himself to a school of the " Dotbe boys" class in the wolds of Yorkshire. In 1840 Mr. Dickens undertook the production of a story, or rather of a series of etorieB, in weekly numbers. It was entitled " Mas ter Humphrey's Clock," and continued, amongst other tales, those since repub lished in a separate form, under tbe names of "The Old Curiosity Shop," famous for its episode of" Little Nell," so remarkable for its pathos and simplicity; and of" Barnaby Rudge," a tale illustrative of the senseless riots connected with the name of Lord George Gordon, in the year 1780. The pen of Mr. Charles Dickens was hence forth almost incessantly plied. About the time of the publication of "Master Hum phrey's Clock," appeared his " Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi," the celebrated clown, almost the only production of his pen which deals with the plain prose of facts. Soon after the completion of "Master Humphrey's Clock," Mr. Charles Dickens set sail for America, for the purpose of preparing him self for tbe publication of a work upon men and manners in the New World. Whilst there he visited a great part of the United States, and accumulated a store of materials, which he gave to the world on his return to England, in 1842, under the name of " American Notes for General Circulation." Many of the author's statements were much controverted by our Yankee cousins, and tbe book provoked a reply, under tbe face tious title of " Change for American Notes." In 1844 he published " Martin Chuzzlewit" in numbers. In the summer of the same year he paid a visit to Italy, and many of the results of his observations were subsequently given to the world in the 'Daily News.' Returning to England in the course of 1845, he suggested the founda tion of a cheap daily newspaper, which should steadily advocate the spread of liberal politics and secular education at home, whilst abroad it should show itself the sworn enemy of (despotic and arbitrary power. Having organised a large literary staff, and surrounded himself with some of the leading writers of the day, he com menced the 4 Daily News' January 1, 1816, acting as the editor, and contributing to its columns, as we have already mentioned, bis sketches from the sooth of Europe, under the attractive title of "Pictures of Italy," which were afterwards reproduced in a collective form. After a few months Mr. Dickens withdrew from his editorial post, and returned to his former line of hu morous serial publications, varying, how ever, their monthly appearances with the occasional productions of some stories of a more strictly imaginative cast, called " Christmas Books." Of these the first, " A Christmas Carol," was published so far back as 1843 ; the second, "The Chimes," appeared at Christmas, 1845; the third, " The Cricket on the Hearth," followed in 1846; the fourth; " The Battle of Life" (1847); and the fifth, " The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain," in 1848. Be sides the above, Mr. Dickens has published "Dombey and Son" (1847-8), "The His tory of David Copperfield" (1849-50), "Bleak House" (1853), "Little Dorriti" (1856); also " A Tale of Two Cities " The Uncommercial Traveller;" and " Great Expectations which last three were reprinted from "All the Tear Bound." In 1850 Mr. C. Dickens started " Household Words," a cheap weekly literary miscellany, which he conducted for some years; but a quarrel having arise between him and his publishers, he brought it to a conclusion in 1859, and established in its place another, similar in plan and form, entitled " All the Year Round," which he still conducts. A new illustrated serial story from Mr. Dickens's pen, entitled "Our Mutual Friend," was commenced May, 1864. Mr. Dickens has earned a high reputation as an amateur actor, and was one of the founders of the Guild of Literature and Art, and has like wise been an active promoter of the Royal Library Fund. Mark Lemon, editor of ' Punch', was born in the neighbourhood of Oxford- street, London, November 30,1809. He was for some years a writer for the stage, and as a member of the Guild of Literature and Art occasionally donned tbe sock and buskin. He was one of the knot of authors who established * Punch' in 1841, and from the first acted as joint-editor; but on the se cession of Mr. Henry Mayhew, Mr. Lemon ' succeeded to the chief post, which he has since retained to the present time (Decem ber, 1864). He is the author of upwards of sixty dramatic pieces, and has written largely in " Household Words," tbe * Illus trated News,' and other publications. He is also the author of" The Enchanted Doll," a fairy tale; " The ChristmaB Hamper," prose and verse collections of stories; "Legends of Numbers Nip;" and "Wait for the end" and " Loved at Last," two novels, each of three volames. He has also edited a collection of jests, and written some hundred songs. SINGULAR HALLUCINATION. A singulab case of religiouB hallucination, resulting fatally, occurred in East Lam peter township, Lancaster county, Pa., the other day. A young man named Jacob Harnish, about 17 years old, deliberately cut off his own leg with a hatchet. It appears that for some time past his mind had been deeply exercised by the subject of religion, and he spent his spare moments reading tbe Bible. On Saturday this young man and brother were engaged together in harrowing a field. Jacob was observed to go to a woodpile, aDd pick np an old axe and examine it, without, however, saying anything which might lead a suspicion that r be intended any injury to himself. The rest of the family went to dinner, and Jacob not making his appearance, his mother vent in search of him, when she found him lying at the woodpile, covered with blood, and one of his feet lying some 12ft. from him. The torniquet was applied to the limb, which checked the hcemorrhage, but the patient was so mach exhausted from the loss of blood that it was found necessary to wait three hours before amputating the limb-an operation found necessary to reach the blood-vessels, which had contracted. The amputation was then accomplished without further fiow of blood, and the boy | appeared to be doing well for a few hours, | when he expired suddenly. When asked why he thus mutilated his person, he replied that it was necessary to the salvation of I his soul, as Christ bad commanded, that | " if thy hand or thy foot offend thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee." It appears that after examining the axe at tbe wood pile, he got another one, which was sharper, and which he used, and after taking off the boot and stocking, he put his leg on a blook, chopping off tbe foot at three blows. The first cut waB made transversely on the leg, and severed both bones, a few inches above the ankle; the second, which was in a diagonal direction, and a little higher, also cut off both bones, the third completely severing the fibres of tbe muscle by which the foot still adhered to the leg. After the foot had been cut off he deliberately picked it up and hurled it some feet from him. The father of the yonng man who thus committed self-destruction is a well-to-do farmer, and doeB not belong to any church. The deceased was not a member of any de nomination, though he occasionally attended tbe Mennonite church, located in the city where the melancholy affair occurred. REMOVAL OP FOREIGN BODIES FROM THE STOMACH. A PAPEB read before the Medical and Chi rurgical Society of London (by Mr. Little), and reported in the ' Medical Times' and * Gazette,' gives the following particulars of a case in which a plate with artificial teeth had been swallowed, detected in the stom ach, and extracted. A woman was admitted into the London Hospital, who, two days previously, dnring an epileptic fit, had swallowed a gold plate, to which some artificial teeth were attached. ThiB pro dcced so much Irritation that no food had since been retained; and, as the foreign body could be readily felt in the stomach by means of an ivory-tipped probang, Mr. Little passed an ordinary oesophageal coin catcher, and, after several attempts, suc ceeded in hooking the plate, and drawing it up as far as the pharynx, where it lodged. Considerable difficulty was experienced in removing it from this situation, although this was ultimately effected, and the patient recovered without a bad symptom. The plate, which had sharp projecting extremi ties, measured one inch and three quarters in length by one and a quarter in width, and fixed to it were three incisor teeth, one canine, and one bicuspid. The author advocated attempts at extraction in similar cases, urging that if a foreign body has passed down the oesophagus, and through the cardiac orifice of the stomach, no great difficulty will be met with in its with drawal through the same passage, provided no force be used; and he referred to some experiments by Mr. Pollock, to show that the removal from the stomach of even a small plate by the natural efforts is very im probable. No one ever got so high or BO rich as to t>g beyond the reach of trouble. 