7' THE PRISONERS. CHRISTMAS, 1869. HftB not vengeance been sated at last ? With all the holy and beautiful chimes Ring out the old wrongs of the past, Ring in the new glories and times ? Will the eye of the pale prisoners rest Once again on their loved mountain scenes, When the crimson of East or. of West Fall's o'er them as mantles on Queens .' Will they muse once again by the sea, LiBt the thunder of waves on the strand, As exultant, as fearless and free As the foam flakes that dash on the land? Will they lift their wan faces to God In the radiant, bright, infinite air, 3Press their lips to the old native sod In a rapture of praise and of prayer ? . Ah, the years of their young lives pass over Still wept out in dungeons alone, . Where the lips of a wife, child, or mother Were never yet pressed to their own ; Years of torture and sorrows and trials, In the gloom of the desolate cell, Where the wrath of the sevenfold vials Seem poured to turn Earth to a Hell j Where strong brains are seared into madness, And burning hearts frozen to stone, And despair surges over life's gladness, And young life goes out with a moan. Go, kneel as' at graves, weeping woman— When the last fatal sentence was said All ties that are tender and human Were rent as from those that are dead. They were young then, in youth's glorious \- fashion, With a pulse throb of fire in each vein, And the glow and splendours of passion_ Flashing up from the heart to the brain. Sharp as falchions their keen words reproving— Great words moved by no coward breath— And no crime on their souls save of loving Their Country with love strong a? death. Oh, their hearts, how they leaped to the surface, As a sword from the scabbard unsheathed, Their pale faces stern with a purpose, Their brows with Fate's cypress enwreathed. Grave, earnest, the judgment .unheeding, . Or the wreck of their lives lying prone, JTrom those doomed lips the strong spirits' pleading Soared up from man's bar to God's Throne. ' We taught men,' they said, 'from the pages . Graven deep in our history and soil, From the Litanies poured through the ages Of sorrow, and torture, and toil ; By the insults- the mockings, the scornings, The bondage on body and soul ; By the ruin, the slaughters, the burnings, When death was the patriot's goal ; By the falsehood enthroned in high places, By the feeble heart cowering within, By the slava-brand read plain on their faces, Though the ermine might cover the sin. We were broken and sundered and shattered, Made thrall by the tyrant's strong arm, So the wild waves and fierce winds were scat tered As dead leaves swept by the stoi m. 2?or each age gave a traitor or tyrant To build up the wrongs that we see, But each age, too, gives heroes aspirant Of the Fame or the death of the Free !' Oh, Chimes ringing out in our city, Oh, Angels that walk to and fro, Oh, Christ- words of pardon and piety, Can ye speak of these souls lying low In a sorrow no festal chime scatters, _ In a night where no Angel appears, The wasted limbs heavy with fetters, ? The weary heart heavy with tears ; With the ghost of dead youth crushing on them, And the gloom of the years yet to be, With a blackness of darkness upon them As of night when it falls on the sea t When the Christmas bells ring out at even The song of the Angels' bright spheres, Their sad eyes will strain up to Heaven, Their bread will be bitter with tears. Through our laughter will come that sad vision, Through the ivy- wreathed wine- cup's red glow, Through our wassail the wail from their prison, Lamentation and mourning and woe. With sorrow wrapped round like a garment, With ashes for joy as their crown, With bonds tight'ning close as a cerement They wait till God's morning comes down ; *et no echo from their lips will falter Of the solemn, sweet carol or song, But a cry, as of souls 'neath the Altar, 'How long I oh, our Lord God, hoiu long!' Speranza (Lady Wilde). 