ST. JGNAT1CS CHURCH, NORWOOD. This building, named after the founder of the Order of Jesuits, and situated at the corner of Queen and William streets, Norwood, was opened and dedicated to divine service on Sunday morning, August 7, in presence of a large congregation. _ The church, which is in the Italian style, consists of a chancel, nave, and north and south side .chapels, the walls being of Glen Osmond stone with, cement dressings. The principal entrance is by a porch at the west end of the building. This is flanked by two towers (S3 feet in height to the top of the crosses, which form their finials. The interior walls are covered with floated rough stucco, the pilasters, archivolts, cornices, &c.;, being in plaster of Paris; the roof is open, and the timbers are stained and varnished ; the floor is formed of Mintaro slate. The chancel arch, which is semicircular, is supported by two Tuscan columns, as are those of the side chapels, in each of which an altar is fitted up with foliated capitals. At the west end of the nave there is a gallery, carried on semi-elliptical arches, supported by columns and pilasters. The chief dimensions are as follow":— Nave, 75 feet by 40; walls, 27 feet high to the springing of the roof; area of the chancel, 25 feet by 22; side chapels, 11 by 7. The benches are open, of deal stained and varnished. Over the high altar is a life-size picture of St. Ignatius, referred to in another part of the paper. On the north side of the chancel there is a vestry, from which access is gained to the pulpit, which is let into the wall. The church has about 380 sittings, is very light, and has a pleasant interior appearance. The contract sum was £2,533, but this amount did not include the cost of the vestry; and it appeared from a statement made by the preacher in the morning that the total d ebt on the church and clergymen's residence was about £4,000. The architect was Mr. W. De Normanville, and the builder Mr. M. McMullen. The ceremony of dedication was performed by the Venerable Archdeacon Russell, V.G., who shortly after 11 o'clock, preceded by several of the clergy and a number of acolytes, made a circuit of the exterior and interior of the building, chanting the Litany of the Saints. High Mass was then celebrated by the Rev. C. A. Reynolds, Father Strele, S.J., officiating as deacon, Father Tappeiner as sub-deacon, and Father Bongaerts as master of the ceremonies. The musical portion of the services was Henry Fanner's celebrated Mass, rendered by a powerful choir with full orchestral accompaniment, conducted by Mr. Piittman. Considering that the choir without exception consisted of amateurs, they cannot be too highly eulogized, as their performances would have been creditable to professionals. They were most efficiently assisted by the instrumentalists, and altogether the Mass was very effective. The sermon was preached by the Rev. Father Horan, O.S.F., from Matthew xiii. 31 32:— " The kingdom of Heaven is like to a grain ef mustard seed, which a man can take and sow in his field; it is indeed the least of all seeds; but when it is grown it is the largest of all herbs, and becometh a tree, so that the birds of the air come and dwell in the branches thereof." By this parable, he said, Jesus described the origin, rise, and progress of the Christian Church. It was planted in Judea- during His life, and after His death commenced to fling its branches over the world, so that people of all climes came to dwell therein; for now there was scarcely a habitable spot on the globe where the branches did not reach. It was in this feature of universality that they perceived its Divine origin. If it had been a worldly kingdom which Jesus wished to have established, he would have chosen men to be his Apostles who from their status in society would have commanded respect and obedience whereever they went; but he passed by the great, the talented of Judea, the learned in the wisdom of the schools; for he knew that if he had made such a selection a wrong construction would have been put upon the formation of His Church. It would have been said that it was the powerful instrumentality and talent which he employed for its development that caused it to take root. But Jesus shut out the possibility of tho_ slightest suggestion of this kind by employing a poor fishermanand eleven others, the weakest and obscurest individuals he could find in Judea to erect that Church, which being built upon a rock even the powers of hell could not prevail against it. He then referred to Jesus' promise to his Apostles, " to be with them all days, even to the consummation of the world," as the secret of the growth and vitality of the Catholic Church; for their enlightenment was not of themselves, but owing to His uninterrupted assistance. The sermon of Peter, when o,000 were brought under the influence of the Gospel, was not the production of his own brain, but the breathing and teaching of the Holy Ghost. That tree planted 18 centuries ago was as evergreen to-day as when it first sprouted out iu the verdant land of Judea. Some of its rotten branches, it was true, had from time to time been lopped off, but the trunk still remained, and looked down in majesty at the many plants twining round its stem, and seeking to identify themselves with it. The rev. gentleman then spoke of one of the branches of this tree having reached this country, and said most of the congregation would remember the time when there were only two or threo Catholic priests in this colony, who in a short time fell victims to their arduous and superhuman labours; but each was soon replaced by another— sometimes two; and now the parable of the mustard seed was exemplified by their having in round numbers 30 priests and iO churches, crowded on Sundays by Catholic people, and year after year large numbers who had been under erroneous teaching came as "the birds of the air" to seek the comfort for their souls which they could not get except in the "mustard tree"—the only true Church. He then spoke in high terms of the Jesuit Fathers, who had brought about the erection of the Norwood Church, stating that on that and the residence there was a debt of £4,000. He concluded by making a forcible appeal to the congregation for funds to help to liquidate this liability. In the evening there was another very large congregation. The appearance of the church by gaslight, with its rich paintings, altar appointments, and decorations, together with the vestments of the priests and acolytes, had a very striking effect. Vespers were chanted by the Rev. J. A. Nowlan, O.S.A., with antiphonal responses by the choir. Several compositions from the ecclesiastical music of Rossini and others were also performed with instrumental accompaniments in a manner seldom heard in connection with religious service. The Romish Church claims to have produced the finest sacred music iu the world, and on this occasion the selections were admirably performed. The Rev. Father Woods preached an entirely extemporaneous discourse from Malachi i. 2 " From the rising of the sun unto the going down of the same My name shall be great among the nations." "God," he said, "very frequently displayed His power and wisdom by bringing about most wonderful results by the smallest means. This was symbolized by the vision recorded in the Book of Daniel, in which the stene cutout of the mountain without hands smote the image and became itself a "Teat mountain which filled the whole earth. So it was also with God's chosen people, when, after then- deliverance from Egyptian bondage, they were brought to the brink of the Red Sea with their lm-eterate enemies bearing down upon them with irresistible fury. At that critical juncture a word spoken by Moses at the command of God divided the mighty waters, so that the people passed over dry shod, whilst the recoiling waves overwhelmed their enemies; and it was so when the Desire of all nations appeared upon earth. He was expected as a great kin"- andadeliverer of His people from the secular rule of their oppressors; but the Man who appeared amongst them so poor, lowty, and despised, was rejected by the Jews, arrested, and condemned to death. Where were now the kingdom, the greatness, and the glory ? The Church was again brought to the borders of the Red Sea, and its deliverance was effected by the very blood which was shed upon the cross. Just at the time when even the hopes of His disciples had died within them, and the foes of Christ were exclaiming, "He saveth others, himself he cannot save," the Man whom they had condemned as a malefactor was opening a highway of holiness across that great chasm which had till then separated man from his God. Another illustration of the great events which God brought about by the use of apparently very inadequate means occurred three or four centuries ago. At that time the corruptions which crept into the Church infected the nations to such an extent that almost every kind of heresy became rampant, and the ark of God seemed about to sink during the storms and tempests that then swept over the face of the deep. But in that hour of peril God did not forsake His Church, although the force of heresy threatened to deceive, if it were possible, the very elect. A poor wounded soldier lay at the point of death. But God was with him, and'during his sickness his heart wastouched with the noblest sentiments thatcould animate ahuman being. On his recovery he determined to devote his future life to God. He then retired into solitude, and having performed the m9st wonderful penances, he was led to the enjoyment of the peace and happiness of one who was conscious of enjoying the forgiveness and favour of God. He then entered upon a new course of life. He was still a soldier, but he no longer sought for.glory in conflict with the powers of this world; he was now a soldier of the Cross, and the glory he sought was the glory of God Most High. He referred to St. Ignatius, who, in fulfilment of his design, went to Rome to seek the,counsel of the Holy Father. While there he gathered round him a little band of like-minded heroic lovers of the truth, who were determined to unite with him in doing all they could for the glory of God. The Vicar of Jesus Christ and successor of St. Peter saw that these courageous men were possessed of more than ordinary zeal, and he could not but accept their services. And thus by their means the Society was founded which was known by the name of Jesus; a name in which they gloried, but which was regarded by their enemies as a scandal and a reproach. Amongst these originators of the Order of Jesuits was St. Francis Xavier, who travelled to India and took up his abode amongst tribes and people with whose very lantruages he was unacquainted. Yet with but one name and one weapon—the name and the Cross of Jesus Christ—he effected such marvellous changes amongst the heathen as made the world to ring with acclamation, and millions to become acquainted with the name of Jesus. The rev. gentleman gave some further historical particulars respecting the labours of the Jesuits, and maintained that the extraordinary success that followed was eminently illustrative of his thesis, that the greatest of moral wonders are often effected by the Divine Providence when the means employed appear altogether inadequate to that end. He concluded by referring to the difficulties which the Catholics had encountered in this colony, and to the gradual growth of the Church, as still further evidence that the purposes of God would be realized whatever might be the obstacles to be overcome; the day being near at hand when "from the rising of the sun unto the going down of the same His name shall be great among the nations." The amounts received for entrance to the church and the collections made within it amounted to over £200. 