POET'S CORNER. TB I? WORLD AND THE CHURCH, DECEMBER 8th, 1869. Part I. Hearty are weary— sad and weary — Thinking of the human kind — Of the deep'ning winter dreary, And the waste it leaves behind — Of the great groans of men's anguish For a higher food than bread ; Of the craving hearts that languish When the hollow husks are spread — Of the fragments of old teaching Cast, like dirt, upon the ground; Of the ghosts of godly preaching That the nations gibber round— Of the kings and kingdoms kneeling To the worship of God's shame — Of the mauden'd world reeling Hound the whirlpool of Fame I Mighty voices are uplifted From the depths of black despair ; Will the cloud be ever rifted ? Is there any hope in prayer? Heaven save us S Great God bring us Ipand hope, or else we die; Who will give us wings to wing us From the ruin that is nigh?" And athwart the darkness going, Is the gleam of angel wings; Ad a Tight is downward flowing From r he great, Eternal Springs; la ( the ancient gloom is broken That the stragglers did enshroud, And the silent God hat « spoken Thro' the rifting of the cloud. Part If. JLo I the Vision rising slowly O'er Rome's consecrated brow ! Dike the Angel Host when lowly Did the trembling shepherds bow i Like the Vision 'mid the thunders And the lightnings of Sinai ! Like the new-enacted wonders Of that Pentecost's great day ! For the Ancients are assembled, Furple-robed, from all the climes; And the great strong walls have trembled 'Neath the thunders of their chines. In ! the Vesne hath ascended And the solemn prayers are sung, And the red tongues have descended As of old the Twelve among : . : FaTen on them, lowly kneeling, 'Mid the smoke of sacrifice, While around, sublimely pealing, Gorgeous music-storm arise. Oh, the beauty ! 60v'reign filling. Like the rain, the thirsty sod ! Oh, the poor hearts, trembling, thrilling 'NVaththe awful breath of God, But i hey rise — tho' it were sweeter Pause a little longer there — And above them sitteth Peter, In the old primatial chair; And majestic forms are bending . r'er them from the pictured wall- Ancient doctors pontiffs, f sending Their bright spirit over all. So they counsel — Truth still shielding 'Gainst the devils, fierce and strong, That are moulding, hardn'ing. wielding Nations in the Cause of Wrong. Oh. my brothers, ye heart-broken — Ye, who cried for light divine, Teh me whether God hath spoken — TV1I th nnf, tiria TTia aicrn ? -i-v- — Potion. L. K. M. Ohrysostom, Jerome, Augnstin, Ambrose, f Twenty-two Popes who convened or pre sided over General Councils. 