MUNICIPAL. ELECTIONS. OFFICIAI, DECLARATION OF THE POLL. A VERT larga number of citizens assembled in front of the Town-bull yesterday forenoon, to bear tho ofBcial declaration of tho pull for tho election of aldermen for tho various warda uf tho city. It was estimated that there were over 2000 pensons present, and tho excite- ment manifested wa» never exceeded at any previous civic election. Tho following candidates were present :-Messrs. Bradford, Hurley, Steol, Goold, Koscby, Yard, Palmer, Gordon, Merriman, Benny, and KuphaeL Alderman MACINTOSH, tho Iteturning-ofQcer, Bhortly after 12 o'clock, declared tho numbera from the balcony iu front of the mayor's room. Ho trusted, he sai'', that they would give the successful and unsuccessful can- didates a fair, impartial and quiet hearing. He had to congratulate the citizens upon the very orderly con- duct observed during the elections, and moro espe- cially na the circumstances had been very exciting. Ho ! hoped they would look with anxiety to the discharge of the duty of Bending in the best mea to represent them in the counoi], if they did not municipal institutions would bo worso than useless. It behoved thom to keep their eye upon their public men. Alderman Mnointusb then read tho returns, declaring in each instance the successful candidates to be duly elected for the next two years. The numbers were as follows : GIPPS WAno. ' Gordon ... Merriman... (Cheers.) Majerity, 668 Boon KB WARU. Baphael ... Benny Majority, 132. . (Cheers and groans. ) BRIBRANB WARD. ' A. Bradford, senior ... . ... 296 A. Bradford, junior ... ... 2 B, Palmar ... .572 Majority, 270. (Cheers.) V . MACQoXniB WARD. . Alderman Chipman, (unopposed) 32 COOK .WARD. Boseby ... ... ... ... 6-17 Steel ... . ... 630 Yard ... ... ... ... 205 Majority. 17. FITZROY WARD. Alderman Oatley (unopposed) - PHILLIP WARD. Stephen Styles Goold ... ... 311 George Hurley ... ... ...290 Priestley ... . ... ... 8 Majority. 21. ' , DENISON WARD. . .? ? . Alderman Woods (unpposed.) Tho Beturuihg-ofllcer then called upon tho can dates in thc order of tho'abovo return to address t electors. Alderman MEitRlM.il/ returned thanks to tho cIcot< of Gipps Ward for the support ho had receive especially as ho had bean returned by tho largi majority ot citizens whose votes had been recorded tho ward. Ho felt grateful for tho honour they li conferred upon him, and was particularly thankful his committee, who had returned him by a majority ÇC8 votes. Ho hoped that this mark of their coofidon in him would bo continued. He would try and merit i (Hear, hear.) He would do all in his power to scr the best interests of the wnrd, and thc city in general Mr. HUGH GORDON, on a defeated candidato, e pressed his thanks for the votes he had received. 1 nod been induced to stand by » largo number of rat pnyors. He went down ono street, and he found son iourncymcn painters, who said they wanted-wort io said he would como forward and find them a jol Ho next saw some licensed victuallers. They con plained of tho hard times. He thought he would do little for them. A littlo further on ho met a nurabt of poor men, who complained of the want i work. - He said if ho got into the coane ho would find work for them. (Laughter nn cheers.) Ho fiad promised to do what h could to causo an improvement to be made at Dawe Battery. Ho had been tried iii tho balance and fohn wanting ; hut ho returned his thanks to his committc for their exertions. Mr. J. G. BAPHAEL, in the first instance, wouli draw attention to what ho considered was an abusa o tho privileges of tho electors. Tho rcturning-office (Str. Alderman Macintosh) had not proved himself th clean potato1 ho ought to bo. Clad with brief authority ho had abused thc privilege by converting it to part; purposes. He went to him to ask him,-os he under stood Alderman Andrews would not proeido- nt thi polling-place,- to consult with him (Alderman Macin tosh) on tho matter, and ho met with a repulso ni unkind aa it was ungenerous. Tho grand old lady (Mr Andrews) was too unwell to presido ; but after aomi coquetting, agreed to bo there. Tho poor old lady however, bec.imo too unwell, and tho duty was delegate! to another party. (Laughter nnd cheers.) Ho though' that Alderman Macintosh had abused tho brie authority reposed in him, and ho hoped tho electors o Mucquario Y.'nrd would hit tho right nail upon tin head, and send lum to thoiightabout when ho nppoarci beforo them next year. What would ho do if bo wen mayor ? But he's tho man for tho ladies. (Cheers. Ho had latterly had lessons in dancing. (Laughter.] Ho had great plcnsure' in returning thanks for thc kindness that hail r.l.icctl him in this position to- rlny, aid during his term of office lio would do his duty. ["What about Hayes?"] Ho would 'deni'.'with him presently ; butkhc could afford in tho hour of success to bo kind and generous. 'At a previous meeting he hnd called, ho had drawn tho attention of tito citizens tn a system that wns rotten at tho coro. The first thing ho would strive to do in the council would be to reduce tho salary of tho mayor-indeed to reduce the salaries of nil ' tho cfllcers of tho corporation in accordance, with tho times and tho present prico oi living.'' Ho declaimed strongly against a mero shop- man having tito impudence to thrust himself forward us un auditor of tho city accounts. It had been said that ho waa a clever schoolboy ; but if a schoolboy could xlo what was required, lot thom send up at onco to tho National School. With respect tn the fancy bull, liko all other effervescent drinks it had passed off with u'pop, and was not worth mentioning. Thcro were several pecks in a bushel, and his warship had been a peck at Moore Park. Mr. WALTER BENNY was received with a rush of uproarious groans. "I am in no hurry," he said ; "I'll bidu my tiu.o, «ml when'you aro quite ready I am at your disposal." (Renewod groans.) He would, ho added, first refer to\io fanoy ball. From tho moment of accepting tho omeo of mayor he felt that ho ought not to apply tho salary to his personal and private uses. Instead of doing so, as ho might have done, he thought it might bo used to the advantage of the public. When tho invitations wi ro issued, Mr. Knpbnol was one of tho first who came begging and cringing and kn cling and fawning-(disturbance and groans)-begging and crying and clinging und .fawning for tickets for the fancy dtess ball. Ho did hot get them. Mr. Baphael's friends next cania pulling and begging and praying for tickets for him; hut still the invitations were refused. Ho (Mr. . Benny) could, not have breathed in the same atmosphere with Mr. Baphael. Money was even offt-red-when crying and cringing was found of no uso, oven money was offered to secure tickets for the ball. Ho (Mr. Beuny) hud no doubt that it bad been a mis- take to give the ball at all, and ho waa fully aware that there wore a largo number of narrow i minded persons. who did not obtain tickets I who now ' opposed him in consequence. (Disapprobation and cheers.) Ho bad a good deal to say, and if ho kept them till to-morrow morning ho would Bay it. Thcro was no doubt that it was quos, t onablc whether hu did right in giving this ball It was'certain that offence would bo given to the persons who could not be invited. (Cheers and groans.) Ho would shut up when ho had finished. In giving that ball he had caused at' least IilO.000 to be spent in tho city. That amount, if not more; had been distributed among thu cabmen, the dressmakers, tho bootmakers, and other residents of tho city. ' He did not want the Biliary attached to tho ofHco of mayor. When he first was elected, he intimated that ho was perfectly willing to take offico without the salary. In the discbarce of his duties ho lind ta do a great Oem wmcu nu uuuu operated to his present disadvantage ; hut. regardlesi of consequences, ho. lind discharged those duties to th< best of Iiis ability, and straightforwardly and con 8oientiously, Ali).cst tho iirit thing he hail to do irai to dlsohurgo Mr. Denn (Mr. Cauib'n nephew), and Air, Cainb was thotofoi enow ono of his strongest opponent', Ho had to sutp.nd Mr. Dean for neglect of duty-ant defalcations' that had taken pince, ami as a genticmnr below him (in tho crowd) .observed, instead of beinf suspended besought now to bo in Darlinghurst gaol. Nui doubt in discharging this part of his duty ho ha<! caused a great deal of annoyance to Cami» and his party. ItTcsttd, after Iho suspension of Mr. Dean, with the council to take further action in tho matter. Thc council thought proper to allow him to resign, and il bo hud hot gono to California or elsewhere, he must havu mot'with his proper deserts. He (Mr. Kenny) lind not gono to California ; bo remained hero to deal with that ' contemptible' mun (Mr. Raphael) ns he descivcd. Ha wo a man that would stiik at nothing; ho wonld attack the character of any limn or any woman, and, to gain his own ends, would-not hcBitnto to stab any ono in tho;dork.'"["Time, time," and groans.] They nil know him. (Mr. Raphael) to be thc foulest mouthed man in Sydney. (Kcuewad groans.) Ha was not in a hurry ; ho was determined to. finish. He had a long list of accusations tori'ply to. OnMondaycveuing, nt Punch's Hotel. Mr. Raphael hud mudo many insinua- tions which he would now moot, as they were nil here together. Tho assertions mado hy. Mr. Raphael were a gross tissuo of falsehoods from tho beginning ? to «the .end.' -(Hear, hoar, »nd ironical cheers.) Hr. Raphael had stated that he (Mr. Bean;) had toi him th jt ho was going to hoi row 1,20,000 upon corpore tion debentures, AYas it likely, if such had been hi intention, that ho would havu told such a man as Mr Raphael was of it ? Hut it was a fact that not a sing] deoenturo could possibly leave thc corporation oth'ce until the money waa paid for it. This, therefore, wa a reply to ouo cf tho base lies which had been stated and which had to be cxprssd. (Prolonged interrup tion.) Ho had a long list of subjects on which t< address the meeting, and they must hear him. Ño mai: should bo permitted to make baso chargea against bin: without his replying to them. Mr. Raphael hail also stated that if the business of tho corporation's establishment was camed on in such a loose style [Tho speaker was hero interrupted by three cheers bemg_ given for Mr. Raphael, and thrco groans for himself.] He continued : His opponent had insinuated that there waa nothing to prevent any one at tho head of tho corporation from getting L75.0CO and walking off to California with it. One thing was certain : that if he even had hawked L20,u00 worth of debentures about tho city, it would be moro than Mr. Raphael would ever have the chanca of doing. [A Mr. Hogan heio prompted Mr. Renny ; whereupon Mr. Raphoe) objected to any stranger interfering in the proceedings, and after an altercation, tho returning officer desired Mr. Hogan to desist or leave tho hust- ings. A great uproar ensued and lasted some minutes, during which Mr. Raphael said that if any speaker dared to say that there was a bill of Bale over all his (Mr. Raphael's) property, he would make him pay for it.J With the fact before them, that not a debenture could'be removed from the office until it was paid for, would the meeting believe that he (Slr. Renny) had told Mr. Raphael that he was going te sell them ? [Mr. Raphael : " I will swear he told ino so«"} Thoo there waa another base lie bv Mr I Raphael, who at lils public, meenup; noa sam to through his (Mr. Kenny's) fault L2OO0 had bees Ii to the corpontion. Mr. Raphael had denied maki such a statement ; but ia order to show what rollar waa to be placed upon his word, ho would read extract from the report of the meeting, when RJ Raphael /said that "Mr. Ronny bad allowed t public moneys to bo squandered in a reckless mann« and Alderman Macintosh told him that L2000 h fone aitray through tho ignorance of tho mayoi low Mr. Raphael had denied that he had said « He had also made a serious aharge against a youl man, a nativo of tho colony, who had moro talent his little finger than ho (Mr. Raphael) had in his wlic body. ' Mr.,Raphael did not, of his own knowledg know whether the person referred to could writo li own name, or whether he was not ono of the mo talented men' in the colony; and yet 1 had called him, knowing that he was powerless to con there and defend himself, an impostor. Ho (M Renny) had known the young man from boyhooi ["What is his name?"] He would como' to thi presontly. He knew that he had talent far excocdir that of the man who had attacked him. - Mr. Rapha. at his meeting had also referred to the fire " as a luck thing for some people." It certainly told against hi j friend, 'and it was n remarkable faot that the fir occurred tho day ofter that friend was suspended h him (Mr. Renny). [At this stage of the proceeding j there was great interruption, and cries of "Shame.' Another gentleman had been vilified by Mr. Raphoe! , who, when stating that the town-hall would cos L100 000, hod inquired what Mr. Wilson (the speaker' [ brother-in-law) had done during the last thrc I months for bis IÜ00 a year? Unfortunate! I for that gentleman and his family, ho had hecn ver; ill, but he had been helped in and out of a cab, in orde to be enabled to attend to his dutiea nt tho office. Mr Raphael had moreover boasted of his high position ir tho city, and'had compared his (Mr. Ronny's) to it dis advantageously ; and had also referred to his positioi us director of many charitable institutions. Now wa it not well known' to tho meeting that IMr. Raphoe nover gave away a half-crown without first stipnlatlnj that two shillings of it should fae Bpent in advertising What had Mr. Raphael- dono with the poor children a Randwick,- when - ho (Mr. Renny) had invited thom together .with tho whole of tho desti tu to children in tin colony, to tho Exhibition? Why ho [prevented; thi little things from attending and enjoying .. them- selves, but ho had carefully avoided telling the meeting that. 'Another base insinuation of his was, that some of tho fish which had coma from Tasmania had found their way into his (Mr. Renny's) fish-pond. Per. haps Mr. Raphael was jealous of the fish-pond. How. ever, if they did reach there, they must have boen "flying fish ;" for ho (Slr. Henny) was in Melbourne when they an i ved ; and it was à fact that the alderman who received them on their arrival took thom direct to tho Botany, swamps. [At this point, and in fact nt intervals of about two minutes throughout, thera were great interruption!-, during which tho speaker inti mated his intention of completing his. address, if he remained thcro all night.] Ho considered that Slr. Raphael ' would bo i> disgraco' to tho citizens as their representative, as it was well known that ho was' tho most foul-mouthed man in Sydney, and when in the council before had taken his coat off and offered to fight anothoraldermnn, who wassimilarly divested of olnthing. Aud ho was the man they had eleoted to represent them. As regarded himself (Mr. Rosny), the rate- payers bad dono him a sorvico by not re- electing him, for he lind been suffering from ill-health for some time, and would now be able to retire to his home, and enjoy himself. They should remember that ho had tho courngoto meat thom, and had not, liko Mr. Raphael, when ho was di flated lost timo, ran away by the baok door.' There wai nothing for him to gain hy hoing re-elected. [A voico : " A thousand a year."] Wei), ho had received that sum for a couplo of years, but they must rorollcct that ho had not kept it in his pocket, but ba 1 spent it amongst them. He hud now concludedJiis remarks, and ha would thank those who Iniil voted for him, and also tho members of his- com- mittee, who h td worked hard for him. He would also thunk tho meeting for tho kind manner in which [Tho reuminder of Mr. Kenny's speech, which was thus indicated, elicited a burst of good humoured cheering, during which he retired.] . Mr. PALMED, who was received with cheers, said he would not detain the meeting. aftor thc lengthy apeecheo they had heard. He did not intend to make any absurd pledge», hut would endeavour to do his best to servo the citizens, although he was only ono out of sixteen in tho council. Having had only one week's notice, he wiu certainly surprised at being returned by so largo a majority, ami ho attributed the result solely to the oxertiuns of his committee, to whom, in con- junction with those who voted for him, he tendered his thnnkr, Mr, Palmar was loudly cheered when he retired. Mr. liiunrojiD, senior, thanked tho electors who had voted for him, nud also tho membors of his committee. It would bo a gain to him not being returned, for he had entered into a business which would require all his attontion. Tho office of alderman wai un import- ant ono, and entailed an amount of trouble and expenso which few could afford. He would also thank tho gentlemen who hnd neted on his . opponent's com utittce for tho most gentlemanly manner in which they lind aoted towards him, and concluded hy saying that if at nny future time tho ratepayers required his services they would havo to send to him, for ho should not offer thom himself. Mr. CHAPMAN considered himself lucky in having no < ono to abuse, and he attributed* his re-olectioo, without opposition, to tho fact that the rate-payers hail, felt satisfied with his conduct. Ho would inform them that ho intended being a candidato for the office of mayor, but would stand upon bis own merits, and would not'solicit a singlo voto. Mr. RosEiiv, in thanking tho largo number of electors which had voted for him, said that he stood before tho meeting as a living proof that the most severe oohtcst could ha carried on horo without tho aid of the rum or brandy bottle. Referring to the man- agement of civic affairs, he believed that it was quite possiblo to introduce retrenchment. Ho warmly defendod the returning-officer (Slr. Macintosh) against tho attack that had been made upon him by one of tho successful-candidates. Mr. -Macintosh, he said,., was. wall.known in Sydney as a striotly honourable man, and hardly required his advocacy., In conclu»iou, ho said that ho would iiiuka no promises in nilver'y speeches ; but if, nt tho end of two years, they found him to ho a counterfeit they could tell him to go about his business.' .-. Mr. STEEL desired to thank those. who baa votou tor him. _ For ten years ho had enjoyed tho confidence of tho citizens, but ia tho present instance Mr. Roseby had fairly fought for tho position ho now occupied, had won it, and therefore deserved it. Referring to tho improvements in Mooro Park, ho asserted thst they had been satisfactorily carried out. It had been insinuated that ho had connived at on over-payment to Mr. Pock, the contractor ; but tho fact was, ho (Mr. Steel), with another alderman, merely passed thcnccountB when they " Ho's tho man.") The Inhibition building hud also beon demurred to, and ho admitted that ho had been instrumental in gotting it erected. It carried out ono of the finest idois ever ki oivn in tho colony. Tho citizens had already reaped groat advan- tages through tho peoplo it attrrotcd hero to spend their, money, and tho benefit whioh tho shows in tho Exhibition building would bring to tho colony in tim future wero incalculable. Tho statement that tho building had been erected iii n faulty manner had no foundation, ns the citizens could seo if they examined for themselves. A deal hod been also said about tho cost of a flagstaff", tho fact being that tho material Iud coBt nothing, tho labourapon tho timber being tho solo expense. He justified tho expenditure upon tho new town-hall, and maintained that, as it would bo tho absoluto pro- perty of tho citizens, it would be worthy of tho city. Ho returned his sincero thanks to his committee and thosa who voted for him. and said that, utter tho lapso of a. few yonrs, they might again say he had boon a good and faithful sen-ant, and request him to assume his place once more. hod been certified to hy tho citi " Hn'« ihn n.n" "1 Tl.» llVl.il (A Voice : \- kir. YARD addressed the meeting tit considérai)] length, »nd remarked that ho had not offered liimse! without solicitation for tho au (Trages of the Cook War electora, ile had been waited upon by deputations comprising men of great iulluencc, who had promisci to «tick to him back anil edge, anil ho believed they, ti a man, had done so. If God spared his health and lif< he should have no hesitation in offering his service* again. Alderman OATLEY returned thanks for IIÍB unopposed re-cloction for Fitzroy Ward ; and, as new blood lind been infused into the council, would bo happy to join tho newly-cleotcd aldermen in carrying out any reform for the benefit of his ward and thc welfaro of the city. Mr. GOOLD said, it was his pleasing duty to thank tho electors of Phillip Ward for tho honour they had conferred upon him. It now remained for him, by strict and close attention to his duties, to show that he merited the confidence reposed in him. (Loud cheers.) Ho should enter upon tho discharge of those duties with fear and trembling, bat at the samo timo with an I earnest determination to serve the interests of tho ward, and to deal out justice to tho publio in goneral. Ha returned thanks to tho members of his committee) I for tho measures they had taken to securo his return, j and he begged to assnre those who were opposed to him, that if it was ia his power bc would do his utmost to servo them. Tbero was one thing ho should like to bring prominently under notice. The citizen's list ought to be taken in a moro satisfactory m an nor. Hundreds of electors resident in Phillip Ward had been left off the roll, and amongst them many of his personal friends and supporters. Ho had been informed that tbe same evil existed in other wards, and ha should do all he could to cause thu list to be compiled br officers af tho city council, responsible to tbc council tor ' iuithful performance of their duties. Mr. HURLEY, who was very favourably received, si he had only a few words to oifer. Although ho 1 not esme in first horse in the race he Rad run a vi f;ood second-(OUCITB)-and ho saw reason to congru ate himself that ho was only twenty-one votes behi Mr. Goold, ? He was sincerely grateful to tho poor ic who lind supported him on this occasion. The grea part of them were unknown to him, for although he h votes in four other wards of the city, he had interest in Phillip Ward. He had represented Briaba Word in tho oouncil for four years, and Phi Ward for two years, and while doing had acted according to thc best of his ability-(chce: -aud he was not Börry that Mr. Goold was ni elected for Phillip Ward, forho was a most respectai gentleman, and next to himself (Mr. Hurley) w likely to form a good representative. No man cou have dono more for a ward than ho Mr. Hurloy hi had dono for Phillip Ward daring tho ti years ho sat for that ward. (Cheers.) reference to tho Bxhibition building, as tho circuí stance had been referred to by Mr, Steel, ho admitti that us ono of tho senior aldermen of the city ho sa' that a great benefit would nocrue to tho city it wera erected, and ho had assisted, though mar of tho aldarmon wero . ngainst the project, i carrying it out. And for his services in this matti he had been elected au honorary member of tl Agricultural Society by the committee i that body. Ho was glad his scrvici in this rospect had been of some advai tige to tho city. (Hear, hear.) Ho was ma« obliged to his friends who had polled so closely for hil yesterday. It was truo they wero unorganized, whil lie had to contend against the iutlucncos of influential] organized societies. (Hear, hoar, and tokcnB of di Bent.). For himself he was free to confess that froi the first ho felt ho hail not a ghost of a chance ngaini tho leader of two of tho greatest societies in tho cit j [ Tho lesson would apply to bin own people. Heaps c liberal Protestants had voted for him yestenlay ; but i j was his own peoplo who ought to properly organiz Iheiiisolvçr. Ho referred at soino length and in term of satisfaction to tho fact that Mr. Bradford, tho gren light and luminary of the Protestant Political Asaocin tion and tho Orangomen had bean dofeated upon thi occasion. His (Mr. Hurley's) defeat ' was alsi to be attributed in soino meisuro to Mr. Bonny work ing against him in the da-k. The citizens' list, hi could say with Mr. Goold, had been prepared by Mr Andrew Allan, who lind left out tho nnmCB of near!; all bis friends. Mr. Benny, he did not hesitato to say" was tho greatest tinkor that ovor Btood on that plat form. (Cheors and groans.) Ho had engaged a mai for L20 to defeat him, when he contested tho ward witl Alderman Bown, and why.? Becnuso he wanted a vott to instill him as mayor. . It was well known that thc moment tho steamer'arrived with Mr. Bown ho was waited upon by tho mayor, and when Bown was elected ho voted for Benny. Tho consequence was, Mr. Benny got L700 for tho balance of Mr. Charles Moore's year of mayoralty, nnd L1000 for this year; but he (Mr. Murley) felt that ho helped to cook his gooso (cheers and laughter), and BradfordVtoo. With regard to thc lattor, he had proposed to his friends to nominate Mr. John Booth, of Balmain ; but when Garibaldi Kelly got wind of it ho wont over and humbuggod Mr. Booth out of standing. But Mr. Palmer was put up, and had knocked Bi adford into a cocked hat. (Laughter and cheers.) They all knew that Mr. Peck,.tho Sydney Common contractor, was never au hour out of Brad- ford's house Ho hail heedfully on tho qui vivo about tho Sydney Common. Ho met Mr. Thamo, of tho celebrated firm of_Thnme, Walker, and Co., ono morn- ing, who said ho was going to put in a tender und WAUted a lift. At the same timo Tharne told him exactly what was tho estimate of tho city engineer. He ÍMr. Hurley) expressed his surprise that Thamo should ; bo ia possession of information that should only bo pro- perly disclosed to tho mayor and aldermen within dosed doors, when Thamesaid, Nevermind, old fellow, theso things wilt leak out sometimes." ( Hoar, hear, laugh ter, und cheers. ) At tho next mooting of council tho tender of Peck tva» just L700 above the estimato of tho city survoyor, when Mr. Bradford got up and, in his quiet way, moved that tho tender of Slr. Peok should ho accepted. Not if ho (Mr. Hurley) knew it should that tender bo accepted, nnd fresh tenders wero oalled for. Ho thereforo felt glad that Mr. Palmer, notwithstand- ing tho connection of Bradford with tho Freemasons, the Orangemen, and tho Protestant Political Associa- tion, hud been beaten beyond the shadow of a doubt. He concluded by repeating his thanku to.his committeo and supporters. Alderman WOODS, who regretted that language had been used to-day that would not raiso municipal institutions in the estimation of tho country, hoped nil ill-feeling thnt had been engendered during tho election would suhaide from this day. > (Applause.) In regard to himself, at tho Inst olection ho had boen pitted against ono of the most rcspectablo nnd popular men in Sydney, and ho (Alderman Woods) had, after n -strong pitched-battle defeated him. Ho lind then told his constituents that ho hoped in two year» time to merit a renowal of thoir suffrages.-. That hope lind boon realized, and ho had been unanimously .re-elcoted to-day.. Ho felt deeply indebted to them for it. Amid Borne signs of impatience AMermau Woods mada a : référença to a return ho had obtained from the city treasurer, with regard to tho city debt. In 1S05 tho debt of tba city, was L20.200. That wai tho, year of bin niayoialty, andhehad reduced itby LUOOt). Tho total debtof tho city on this day was I.fiO'.luO. The rovenuo of tho city pro- per for 1871 would bo LT>2,000, bnt tho annual amount of interest payable: on loans so had mnoh increased that only 1*25,255 would ho available to bb expended in improvements of tho city. ? With regard to nu interro- gation from an eleotor. Mr. Woods denied that ho had anything to do with tho metal breaking'maohinc. Ho hail voted ior'tho acceptance ot tue contract uccnuso.ino price which had to bo paid hy the ratepayers waa 25 por cent.* lera than the council had been paying. Ho had n pleasing duty to perform. He had long been connected with Alderman Maciti tosh, and ha waa sorry to find that Alderman Raphaol had assailed tho worthy alderman.: Alderman Macintosh wa*, a mnn ovory inch of him. Aldormnn Raphael.had many good points about him-. thero was not a better- hearted man in, tho city ; but he ought to have left Alderman Maaintosh alone. He begged to moven vote of thanks to thorctnming-offiaer. Mr.1 STEEL seconded the motion,'which was carried by acclamation. .' ? * '?Alderman, MÄoiNTOsn Warmly, defended himself from tho cowardly ' imputations .cast Upon him' hy Alderman Raphael, and remarked that when, Alder- man Raphael was previously in tho council ho was always asleep. Ho had never initiated any reforms. Ha (Alderman Macintosh) had spent twenty-five years in this city. Ho might have taken too much drink: during samo of those - years, but that could'not affect his moral character. He was: proud to say he had the I manliness and the oourngo to abstain from it altoge- ther, nnd that had inado him what ho was. (Enthusi- astic applatts.e) Whoever had. known Alderman Rnphaol to lift up his voice in favour of tho citizens ? When Alderman Raphael was talking about him, ho never tuincd white ; but see how ho wriggles.' At the same timo thero wera ninny good points about Rnphnel. They had often fallen ont, and had often fallen in ; in fact, ho had no objeation to sindee hands with him to-day. [Mr. Raphael stepped forward, and a hearty hand-shaking took place.J' Thia would show them, what sort of stuff their alderman wera mada of. (Loud cheers.) Thoy sunk all ditfeicnecs fortho common good. Hu concluded hin address hy expressing a bona that ho should continua to merit the coufldcnau of thu citizens of Macquarie Ward. Tinea cheers for tho Queen, and three cheers for Alderman Macintosh, closed tho proceedings. Tho vino disease, nidium Tuckerri, is doing consider- able damage in thu Qucuiiboynn district. Kfforta aro still being made to discover now runs of gold - nn tho Grenfell gold-fiuld. Rolow Jackson's Springs, a new shaft is being sunk, and sovcral claims adjoining ara closaly shepherded. Also, at tho old Sheep Station, bulow Ingrcy'n slaughter yard, efforts uro being made to discover a load. Thara nra about twenty claims shepherded in this locality. Tho prospectors havo bottomed several shafts, and, although they con gat tho colour of gold, nothing paynblo han hs yut been found*) 