M D W THE SPELL. chapter xxix. U • rSIDERICK AVILLIAM EOBniSON. aar, have worked their changes in fff 5?" ott and her daughter, as well as %7/r characters flitting across these S naees. Sis years change all of us. ^ • nolhing remarkable in looking f l f and soeing on the path we have v a the disappointments, the lost friends, ood resolutions which were Btrong tnus once, and are now but ghosts to t us Nations change, and kingdoms ^"•nd fall in sis long years: why should urmur if our friends be less, and our 'is sink away? Friends and fortune f » but lightly on the tree of life—a rough fj may shake them down as surely as Lb fro® ' ieaven ma y blast the tree - ' Mrs Mernott's fortune had drifted away • the date of her interview with Mr. Snood Harlington Lanceford, and taught i a lesson in rash confidence; the savings fa life hud been decamped with by a fraudu- Uf solicitor, and the better days had sud- Llr heen replaced by the worse. Six .i had not made much difference in JL jfernott's outward appearance. She an old lady who bore her years well, Id whose back had not given way to either jL or trouble. Tall and straight, and mfh her face only more deeply lined, she wined still the firm inflexible Mrs. Mernott we left behind in Dorsetshire, plannine her daughter's flight from danger. And the daughter had escaped the supposed danger, and was fair to look upon. Six Tears had brought the girl of seventeen to jtomanhood, made her more thoughtful, subdued the voice that carolled so blithely jn old times. Six years had kept mother and daughter silent concerning the young man who came wooing to the cottage on the road to Dorchester; one explanation had been sufficient to end every dream of the maiden, walro her to a sense of deceit, and etir her heart with indignation against it. Mrs. Mernott had not disguised matters rather had added to them„ lest her daughter should mourn for that which was irrecoverable. She had spoken of Mr. Lanceford's visit, and Mr. Lanceford's fear of his son's rush engagement; and had in her anxiety for Cicely rather over-coloured the father's pride and fears, and added to his sketch of his Bon's wilfulness and weakness. Cicely became aware of the galling truth that Ford was a false name, and that the little she bad f heard from Mr. Ford of his family was an untrue statement. As the story was told by [ her mother, she could but see a studied ; plan of Edmund Lanceford's to deceive, in Etead of a halo of romantic mystery which his fancy had drawn round him for a few neeks till he was quite sure of her love. It was well her love-dream had not lasted a great while. Sho should soon be able to forget him and the harm that perhaps he intended her. He was a gentleman's son, and too high for her, even had he ever thought of marriage with an actress's daughter. "Don't tell me his real name, mamma," she had said to her mother; "let mo forget him, and everything concerning him. Let the subject drop for ever between us. feel I shall soon recover this little blow to my pride, and be the real Cicely again. I —I was never engaged to him, and be—he sever loved me, did he ? " Cicely broke down in tears and sobs, and then the love-jlream was over for once and aye. The name of Lanceford had been never mentioned to her, and now the book was sealed and the story buried deep. Cicely waB scarcely eighteen years of age, and iii the early stage of courtship love does sot prey long on the damask cheek. She had learned her lesson of life at an early age, and it made her grave and womanly before her time; but it did not break her heart or mar her beauty. Was it the spirit of resentment that two years afterwards made her think so much of the stage ? or was it the kindling of the genius inherited from her mother ? It is certain, at least, that Shakspeare became her study, and that each of Shakspeare's heroines she strove to impersonate in turn, following the life and character, and striving in secret—as the brother of her first love was striving too—to impart reality to the sorrows or passions that moved her. Still she had no thought of a stage career; and her mother, who saw with a few pangs her young life and ambitions before her again, did not do much to check her fantaBy. There were times even when carried away with past associations she gave her own conception of a character and offered Cicely unconsciously a lesson in stage art. When the crisis came, and the moderate fortune that kept mother and daughter independent of the world was swept away, Cicely's thoughts began to assume a settled form, and the stage, as a means of subsistence, to approach nearer her waking life. Even then the mother recoiled ; for the stage is a sphere of temptation to many, notwithstanding many of its followers have kept their lives pure and their names honoured. No matter our lpve for the stage, and our friends in the profession, trc would not care to see onr sons and daughters before the footlights; and even those who have reaped laurels there—fame and riches and esteem—do not, as a rule, beckon their children to take the same road. Granted that the Btage be a moral teacher, and that by holding the mirror up to nature lessons may be taught there, the way to honour indicated, and virtne and goodness reverenced (all this when English authors are encouraged to write, and translations from the French are not patronised extensively,) still, life behind the scenes is &Ise; and showy, and there are many tempters there. Mrs. Mernott was not afraid of the tempters in Cicely's caBe; but ehe objected to the career her daughter was anxions to follow. Late hours, the company of a'mixed class, the unreal life, the false excitement, Earned her that it was not a wise step; bat necessity knows no law. Cicely was certainly a genius; and it was an opportunity lor saving herself and mother from the poverty that hung over them. The world bad not forgotten the name of Mernott yet; and the daughter could step forward with a name that had already commanded attention. It was resolved upon with a sigh, and the mother became at last the teacher of her child. Previous to «this final resolution, mother and daughter had met by chance Nathan Lanceford. Nathan at that time was taking lessons in oratory at the house of a niend of Mm. Mernotf e; and thus another of the house of Lanoefind came across the path of the Mernotts. The old lady treated the young stage disciple with some hauteur on their first acquaintance; but Nathan's love for the profession, his interest in stage matters, his undisguised intention of making the stage his profession, and his Utopian idea of a theatre of his own, where English art alone should be encouraged, and where all the virtues under the sun should bo concentred in his company, interested the old lady by degrees in bis favour. Here was a Lanceford who turned not away from players as a class unworthy of his note; but oven sought to be a player himself, despite those prospects in life which lay fairer before him. It was like retribution on that father's pride which had bo deeply wounded her in years past; for that father's past sins, when he was a man of the world, and fell in love with an actress himself. Still, the fear of a closer intimacy with this new Lanceford, reviving the old story, and betraying the relationship, led her to shun Mr. Nathan Lanceford as much as possible. But was it retribution also that brought Nathan Lanceford constantly across her path after the first interview—retribubution on herself as well as on the owner of the Limes ? Strange were the events that seemed to bring Nathan constantly before her, until suspicions that there was something more than chance in the meetings set her thinking of plans to foil the young player's schemes. Then her daughter's resolution to adopt the stage as a profession, together with similarity of pursuits, and a similarity more strange in their both working for a first appearance, made Cicely Mernott and Nathan Lanceford friends. And this friendship continued and strengthened, and the mother gave up her efforts to part them, perhaps thought a little prudently (for she was poor now, and Cicely was an only child,) that a match between them, when this young man was his own master, would not be the worst thing that could happen to her daughter. Cicely Mernott, absorbed in her professional studies, did not dream of Nathan Lanceford's heart being touched by her charms; and a lady more on the lookout for a lover would have been long undecided by Nathan's grave demeanour. There was a method in his madness—for is it not madnesB, and are any of us quite sane when under the spell ?—extremely deceptive, a gravity of speech, and a matter-of-fact business-like air that betrayed not the secret by so much as a glance. Nathan had his quiet way of wooing; be was content to wait years so that he gained his ground slowly; it was the best way, he thought, of making sure of lier at the last. This slow progress even helped to deceive the watchful eye of Mrs. Mernott, and to keep ber in something like suspense concerning his intentions. She had been deceived in one Lanceford; a second should not take his place in her home and deceive her also. She was not needlesBly alarmed; ^ for some subtle tests wherewith her daughter's heart had been tried, assured her that all was well in that quarter, and that Mr. Lanceford's quiet attentions had not disturbed her daughter's composure. So time had gone on till the amateur performance had offered to lover and maiden an opportunity of testing how far they were warranted by genius in appearing on the stage and selecting it as their profession. The result we have seen; the further result of Nathan's early visit to. the Mernotts the next morning we have yet to see. It affects the fortunes of more than one of the Lanceford family. It was nine in the morning, an early hour for morning calls, unless business was as urgent as that of Nathan Lanceford's. " Good-morning, Mr. Lanceford; I did not expect to find you so early a riser after your last night's success." _ "There were many reasons why I should y rise early this morning, Madam. I trust Miss Mernott is well ? " " Quite well, thank you. I have insisted on keeping her a prisoner to her room for an hour or two longer this morning. By that means she will avoid a host of embarrassing congratulations on a success I never doubted," added the old lady somewhat egotistically. " Hers has been a great success," muttered Nathan; and then looked on the carpet, fidgeted with his feet and hands, and finally relapsed into the old round-shouldered stooping position. k "Have you breakfasted, Mr. Lance- M f f i d w d s t c s t ford?" " Thank you—yes." After a pause of considerable duration, Mrs. Mernott aeked if Nathan had really resolved on adopting the stage as a profession? " Yes, Madam. It is a great profession; I think there is material within it that may, by energy and perseverance, be turned to good account. There is room for great reform therein; and I hope at some future day to be a humble instrument towards raising the Btage to the rightful position it deserves." Mrs. Meraott smiled at the young man's enthusiasm. She knew too well the difficulties in the way of the enterprise to believe in its success. May I ask if yon have communicated Iheso ideas to your father?" she inquired. "My father?" said Nathan, surprised at the question. "No, madam." "He has no love for the stage—would not care to see his son seeking fame thereon." "I was not aware that you. knew my father, Mrs. Mernott." "I have been in hie company once or twice," was the reply. "I am twenty-one, and my own master," said Nathan. " However much I may respect Mr. Lanceford, I cannot think that he has a right to oppose the great ambition of my life, or to choose in that life a sphere for me which may be particularly distasteful. Candidly, I believe this resolve of mine will pain him a great deal. I regret it; but my resolution is unchangeable." Nathan looked like his father in his sternest moods as he spoke. The brow contracted, the features set, as Mrs. Mernott watched him. Nathan was evidently the firmest and the hardest of the Lanceford family. "Mrs. Mernott," he continued, " let me epeakof a second ambition of my life,—a greater one, without which all other hopes are valueless to me. I have known your daughter for some years. I have learned to love her with all my heart, and I have come this morning to beg your consent to my efforts to win her." Nathan spoke simply and earnestly, and Mrs. Mernott listened attentively. When he had concluded she said:— " You are still a very young maD, and there are many reasons that say 'no' to a premature engagemennt. Your father again ? " " Must not interfere with my happiness," was the quick response. I' The probability of my daughter Cicely objecting to your attentions and declining to accept them." " Madam, I sue alone at present for your permission to address her; I would not alarm her or ruin my own hopes by a premature avowal of my love. I believe such a proposal at this moment might be prejudicial to my interests. I ask but time and your consent." " Mr. Lanceford, you have been fair with me—it is but honest to answer fairly in return. I believe my daughter has but thought of you as a friend—that the task of winning her may be a hard one." " I do not fear the hardness of the task; I am a patient man, and have hope." " Allow me to continue," said Mrs. Mernott. "Your father is a proud man, and will object strongly to the engagement that you propose hereafter. My knowledge of human nature tells me that you will have to choose between him and Cicely, and that a marriage with my daughter may peril your inheritance." "I am aware of it," was the quiet response. " And it does not shake you in your purpose. You are brave, and more honest than your brother." Nathan coloured, and for the first time there was a faltering in his voice. "I—I wished to speak of him," he said. "You know his story then;—that your elder brother loved, or feigned to love, my daughter once ? " "Yea, madam, I have heard the story." The old lady's eyes flashed behind her "He was a coward. What his intentions were towards my girl, God knows. There was much of deep design beneath his apparent frankness; and his conduct has ever been a mystery to me. Still he was but a youth; time has sobered him, I trust." " I trust timo will sober him," was the insidious answer. Mrs. Mernott was quick to detect the evasion. "Still untrustworthy and false, then, Mr. Lanceford. For the present, for a long time hence, I forbid the mention of your brother's name to my Cicely. You must promise me that reservation until I give you leave to "I promise." Nathan sat with a face of ashen whiteness now; ho had nothing to urge in defence of him he loved next to Cicely Mernott. To speak in his favour, to prove that Edmund's passion had been deeper and more true than his yearB warranted, was to destroy his own bright chance. Nay, could he not strengthen it, and was not the temptation too great to withstand ? " He is going to be married." " Indeed," was the cold reply; I hope that he has chosen well." The interview between Mrs. Mernott and Nathan did not close here, although over the subject of Edmund Lanceford dropped at once the curtain. The pride of the mother, the shame of the brother, prevented a discussion which might, even at so late an hour, have worked a change. But it was not to be ; and Nathan had soon forgotten Edmund in his exultation at gaining the consent of Mrs. Mernott to win her daughter if he had the power. For, with something like a sigh, Mrs. ernott had given her consent at last. She was a proud woman, and the father of that oung man facing her had grievously ofended her in times past. But she had fallen rom her high estate since then, was growng old, and would have to leave her aughter alone in the world,—and in such a orld! Pride must not stand before her aughter's prospects in the future. It was a ingular match, but it was a good one ; and here was but one condition attached to her onsent to Nathan's wooing, that of keeping ecret from Cicely the relationship between he old lover and the new. "No good can arise from it," she reasoned " and much harm may ensue. I have no nowledge of my daughter's heart; I have not sought to pry inquisitively into its depths. The feelings are deeply hidden till the word is spoken that brings them to light, or proves that they are untouched. If she ever loved him, she may regard him kindly yet; and if she think he acted cowardly, it will not interest her in your favour to learn that you are his brother. Leave it to time." Nathan acquiesced; and before he went away that morning Cicely Mernott entered and shook hands with him; took a seat by her mother's side, and entered into the subject of yesterday's triumphs. It was a subject that interested all, and made all eloquent, for it led them on to talk of the future so sanguinely that the mother had to check these young people, and assure them there was much ground still to gain before the theatrical world would consider them stare. But Cicely waB in high spirits, and would not be checked by lugubrioiiB prophecies. She had saved her mother from poverty, and would be able to make some little return— never enough—for the mother's love and care since she was a little fatherless child no higher than the table. She thought not of her own fame at that moment; and the tears were in the mother's eyes as she looked across at Nathan. Tt was a look that seemed to say:— " You are of higher birth, young man, but you are not worthy of her yet;" and Nathan felt that he was not, and saw in the path before him the face of the brother again mournful and accusing. And that face started to.life suddenly in j the street without. Nathan had left the Mernotts, and was a few paoes from the house wherein was the object of his hopes, when Edmund Lanceford, with flushed face, with his hair disordered, and with the ends of his neckerchief untied and' streaming, suddenly stood before him. " Where are you going ? " asked Nathan, almost fiercely. I have found her address. I am'going to seek her again; but once, and then an end to all .my follies." " For what purpose do you seek her ? " "To let her know that I am not the false hound she still considers me; that I did love her with all my heart, and would have died for her; that it was a man's strong passion, not a child's. Why do you stand in my way?" "What good will this do?" "It will do good to my .name—to my word. I have not lightly "learned to value either yet." " Ned, it will harm her." " How do you know that? " "I know her—love her—she's my promised wife !" Edmund glared fiercely at his brother for a moment; then his features softened, and he said less widly:— " You are engaged to her, Nat ?" " Yes," was the low response. " So—so—let a fellow think a little. Give me your arm, Ned, and lead me like a blind fool down some quiet street." " Shall we go home? " " Not yet." Tbey walked together a few steps, and turned into a narrow street on their right, where the deserted pavement rang with the echo of their footfalls. " I had a hint of this last night, Nat; but I did not think it had gone so far as this, or that you were engaged to be married to Mrs. Mernott's daughter. It is a strange affair—strangely brought about." " Yes, it is strange," murmured Nathan. ""Well, she has forgotten me, and I cannot accuse her of breaking vows that were never uttered between us. I won't talk of love's freemasonry, of the few words and looks that were love to me at least. This iB not an ideal world, God knows." " What did you think of doing? " " Anything—nothing—let the dead rest. Health to you, Nathan Lanceford. I stand not between you and your hopes. You can do my memory justice in the future"; I'in in no hurry now. Leave it to time." ""' •• Leave it to time! They were Mrs. Mernott's own words, given as a warning, offered here as a hope that Nathan would do his brother justice at some future day,—justice. Nathan nodded his head, but a stifling sensation in his throat would not let him answer. " I should have troubled her for nothing. What a godsend has your presence been, and from what paia have you saved me. Nat, do you know I had some wild hopes of winning Cicely back again? Now I turn like the prodigal, and go slap-dash at the now life beyond—the better life, eh, Nathan ? " " I hope so." "Looking back again has nearly made a stone of me. I'm the prince in the fairy tale, and have had a narrow escape. Stern and resolved now to that life; not another step to the right or the left till Edmund Lanceford, benedict, is un fait accompli. Here in this street I leave my midsummer madness, starting hence sober and practical, See how easily a firm will can shatter the spell that bofools one. Good-bye, old chap. What have you to look grim about ? " "I don't know. You have surprised me —disturbed me. I'm not well." " You are a happy lover basking in sunshine. The one little blur on the landscape I take away freely, cheerfully, for the Bake of that brother who loves me a little, is it not so ? " " Yes," groaned Nathan. " He said so once when he lent me money to speed me in my love-chase. Lucky for him now that following the shadows; lucky for me, too, who knows? Good-bye." " Good-bye, Ned." Edmund wrung his brother's hand hard before he parted from him, and walked sharply down the street, leaving his brother the heavy burden. Once, stung as it were by his own conscience, or prompted by that brother's love which had been just alluded to, Nathan cried " Edmund;" but the voice was weak, and Edmund passed on and heard not. Two days afterwards there flashed along the wires from brother to brother the following brief message:— "Wish me joy, Nathan. Married to Kitty this morning." CHAMEK XXX. Two years and a half after the meeting of the brothers in the London streets, Mr. Edmund Harlington Lanceford of the Limes, Dorset, returned from a long tour on the continent. The restless spirit that had taken him abroad brought him once more into the old vortex, wherein so much of good in bis nature had been whirled away or hopelessly confounded. Still it was scarcely restlessness that had kept him for so long a time from England; he had grown tired of his native place, and wearied with the remorseless hand that had baffled his plans, and thrust them back on himself. Edmund had married his coachman's daughter and gone his own way; Nathan had turned to the stage as a profession, and was masquerading under a strange name; Willie had proceeded to college, and it was awfully dull in the great house alone. He had resolved to leave England for a time. A foreign soene, a milder climate had been recommended her who chose between her daughter and him- Belf, and lost one chance of good even at the last. He would take her abroad, nd wait there till Willie was a man, to go his selfish way like all the reBt of them. He had travelled to Italy, where the woman who had sacrificed so much ,for him, and for whom, in his narrow conceit, he thought he had sacrificed so much himself, grew weaker and more weak, died, and was buried in the Btranger's land—broken up by the fate of which she deemed herself the slave. Mr. Lanceford had wandered about the continent for the two years and a half we speak of, returning more than once to the grave of her who had shared a guilty life with him, and standing thereat a strange and earnest mourner. And yet the passion that had sacrificed so much for the actress had died out years ago, and left her but a sinful weight upon his soul—a weight, which his mistaken sense of honour would not let him set aside. In old time he had chosen between her and his wife; he had not bronght his wife to shame, like the mistress, and she could bear the world better alone. His was a life of great mistakes—the Lord have mercy on him, he muttered sometimes in the few remorseful moments that startled him upon his downward road. We say the few remorseful moments, for we have seen that he was not a man to succumb long to the horrors; there was a refined selfishness by which he esoaped to a lighter sphere, and deferred the evil and the true repentance till the morrow. Even when the horrors came, we' know that he was inclined to believe himself the wronged, and reason concerning the temptations which had beset him and left other men free— inclined to believe that he had done his best in life to be good, and when the effort failed, to main amends for all the evil he had caused. Looking back at the ghastly offspring of his sin—counting link by link the long chain which that sin had forged—he could recoil, and wish life again from the outset, when his feet had not strayed and there was yet time to escape. He called that repentance! He came back to England a trifle more grave, looking a trifle more old; but his friends and acquaintances met the same Mr. Lanceford they had always known—an easy, affable, philosophical gentleman, whose company was worth the seeking, and who rallied good company round him. Mr. Lanceford's pride would not allow the world to Bee that he was a suffering and disappointed man; his pride was in his composure—that was the acme of his philosophy. His eldest son had made an ill-assorted match; he cut the heavy branch from the parent tree and stood proudly free from the disgrace. His second son had dropped the gentleman and turned player; and another branch was hewn away, and all the green young hopes left trailing iu the dust. Setting out for Italy, the news of Nathan's stage Buccess had reached his ears, and over the news he had muttered "two less," and drawn the cloak of his stoicism round him with a little shudder. His sons had shown themselves firm and hard in their selfishness— so be it, he would be firm and hard himself! Seeing so many ambitions fail, he had not much confidence in his youngest eon proving a better man than the rest. Willie was the child of one whom he had deeply wronged. That boy must sink away like the others—it was retribution. His mother would tell him her story and wean him away in the bad time to come, or he would grow self-willed and self-indulgent like his half- brothers— like himself! But his heart thrilled with a vague hope .when Willie met him at the grand house in Mayfair, and shook him warmly by the hand, saying how glad he was to see the face of his sire again. It was worth two years and a half of a restless life abroad drowning thought, to see that eon's face and hoar his truthful voice. He had not remembered bis eyes filling and his lip quivering for many years; he knew he deserved that eon's respect least of all his children's. Twenty-one years of age, and still affectionate and reverent; less of the child, more of the companion, even the son. It was inconsistent with the stern law which governed his, the father's life, and shadowed it. For the sake of the young man fresh from college, where he had gained honours and reaped laurels, he condescended in that first meeting to hear news of his other sons. He would have repelled that news from a stranger, for his pride's sake ; but William Lanceford was anxious that he should hear, and by hearing, an opportunity to teach a moral to the one son loft him might possibly occur. Edmund had been in England some months—he, his wife and child. They had been travelling since the marriage on the continent. Mr. Lanceford was aware of it. At Baden-Baden he had seen Edmund Lanceford at the faro-table; he once brushed by him and his wife in the streets of Antwerp. Kitty made him a good wife; she was very fond of him, and they were happy enough, Willie thought. "Was he steady?" Mr. Lanceford condescended to inquire. Well, pretty fair. Edmund always was a little light, Mr. Lanceford knew; fond of racing and boating, and so forth; but he was a fair specimen of a husband. Kitty was very fond of him, Willie repeated. Mr. Lanceford frowned. He would ig> nore the existence of Kitty—the plebeian name curdled his blood each time his son pronounced it. He asked if Willie saw him often, and learned that Willie had visited him almost every day since he had left Cambridge, a piece of information at which Mr, Lanceford frowned slightly again. " Do not let him teach you the sin of ingratitude—the art of turning away from the father and thinking it right and manly to oppose every wish." "You may trust me, sir." " Ay, I must trust the one hope left to the evil example, praying it may escape the contagion that kills every good." Mr. Lanceford launched out this remark solemnly, and left its effect to work on Willie. He would not interdict Willie's visit to Edmund; he feared the force of his interdict now; he would disguise his wish in the few dreamy words that were handy at the moment. William ErneBt Lanceford found his father less inclined to hear the particulars of Nathan's success as a tragedian, and Nathan's resolve to shortly open a theatre of his own. He nodded his head slightly, without hazarding a remark, and turned the subject as soon as possible to Willie's own life and resolutions. "Your cousin Amy? Is that young lady still the ruling star to worship and admire ? " he asked, almost playfully. Willie blushed as ingenuously as if he were still only eighteen years of age. "To be sure, sir. I told you I should keep true, and that time would not change me." "And the lady is true, too? Two years and a half have not rendered her tired of thy merits ?—and she was a school-girl, who had seen nothing of the world! But it is a new world, to which I am a stranger—a world of greater faith." Willie did not admire his father's satire, but he had no reply ready at the moment. He would not launch into raptures concerning Amy's constancy. Strangely enough, he had not seen Amy for six months; and, though he had not a single doubt concerning the state of Amy's heart, yet he did not care to discuss the subject with a sceptical father. He had been thinking of Amy already that evening; of his meeting her in a fewdays, when she returned with MB mother and relatives from Scarboro'. He had intended a holiday at the sea-side himself, until his father's letter apprised him of his return, and expressed a desire to meet him at Mayfair. He spoke of the Pembercasts at Scarboro' to his father; but Mr. Lanceford dismissed the subject, and the conversation flagging, shortly afterwards dismissed the son, and sat over his wine, indulging in one of his deepest reveries. The restless fever had not entirely left this man, for the next morning, before Willie had risen, Mr. Lanceford was on his way to Scarboro'. He would not write a line to Willie before hiB departure, lest that young gentleman should think of Scarboro' too, and fly off In search of his cousin. He would leave Ms son in suspense, wondering what had become of him. A meeting on the Yorkshire coast might be difficult to explain. Was it difficult to explain to himself. Could he have assigned a sufficient reason for his eccentric journey ? Was it any thought of a wife deserted, or any curiosity, easy to satisfy in town, concerning the future wife of the one son left to him ? Did he feel as if his own life had ended, and it was time to think of Willie's ere a rash marriage made it a copy of his own ? Three days were spent at the Yorkshire watering-place—mysterious dayB with which we have nothing to do at present. Suffice it to say, they seemed at first days begun with no end in view, no settled purpose, but that they took shape, and set him more earnestly to work than he had even deemed. Before the week was out he was back in Mayfair, alleging to Willie, as a reason for his flittings, the plea of sudden and important business ; and the same train that brought him to London bore his wife and his wife's family also—brought back Mr. Pembercast's gout too, which change of air had only aggravated this time, and Mrs. Pembercast's luggage, which was of a heavy charaoter, that lady being afflicted, pro tempore, with a photographic mania that necessitated two cameras and a ton of chemicals accompanying her wherever she went,—brought back Amy Fembercast, tall, and ladylike, and graceful, no longer the school- girl with whom Willie had fallen in love at Melcombe Regis. Mr. Lanceford made no remark on the Pembercasts when Willie resumed his wooing, and went frequently to Uncle Pembercast's house. Once or twice he seemed to study the expression of his son's features as Willie came into his room to bid him goodnight. The features were generally radiant enough, and spoke of the contented mind of their possessor; but still Mr. Lanceford watched for deeper Bigns, and was in no hurry for the change. A month after Mr. Lanceford's arrival in England an alteration appeared in Willie, a slight shadow, and a little contraction of the brow that escaped not the keen, quiet observation of the sire. " You are looking dull, Willie," he said, one night when Willie had returned at a lata hour. "Only tired, sir—nothing more." " Has there been a party at the Pembercast's ? " inquired Mr. Lanceford, remarking the soiled kid gloves which his son was absently drawing from his pocket and decorating the mantel- piece with. " No, sir; a party at Mr. Perks's." "Perks; ah, that is the new partner, is it not? Pembercast, Perks, and Son. Who is the son ? " " Harry Perks, sir, an old schoolfellow of mine." Have you not spent a pleasant evening with these Perkses, that you stand there with such a woeful countenance?" " I've no woeful countenance, sir," replied Willie, with a short laugh. "I've nothing to disturb me save a little uncertainty," added be, after a pause. " Concerning Miss Pembercast ? " " No, concerning the future life of William Ernest Lanceford, Esq.," said he; " what it will be like, and when Amy will share it with me." " Bravely spoken, Willie. I am glad to see you are not afraid to make the father the confidant. Let us speak of the future life in the first place. What do you wish ? " " I don't know. I have been thinking of the church Bomewhat seriously. I think I might make a fair minister." " It is a life of trial, and unless your heart is wholly in the work it is a life misspent. You are my only son now. With your chances in life you should be something better than a country parson." " What do you propose ? " "I have not seriously considered it. I will reflect upon the matter," said Mr. Lanceford, evasively. "There is parliament open, thanks to our county interest; but you are young, and there is time before you." "But, sir, I " and Willie Btopped and coloured. "Ah! you are anxious to stand in the world your own master—an honourable desire, and yet one at which I shrink. The world is an enemy that stands between father and son, and parts them irrevocably. Let the son seek the world, strike his path therein, and leave the father alone—lo, there is no more meeting this side the grave! " " You are wrong, sir." " May my youngest son prove an exception to the rule. I will trust him. He must not think that I have been attempting to defer his independence. Yesterday I consulted my solicitor as to the best means of effecting it." " You are very good, sir," said Willie. " When you are your own master you will ask Miss Pembercast to be your wife." " You do not object to that now, sir ? " "She comes of a respectable family, and she does not object? " " Why no, sir. Have we not been engaged, or as good as engaged, these three years ?" "Ah! as good as engaged. Some promise based on contingencies, was it not ? H she kept the same mind, or if you did not swerve from your youthful allegiance ? " " And I am anxious to make her all my own, sir. I " Twenty-one is an early age to marry. I cannot honeBtly give my consent for one more year, William Ernest. Imitate your brother Edmund's example, and marry without it, if you wish." "I do not wish that, sir; but one more year after so long a trial! I hope you will consider it again." "The next year is the great test. You are at man's estate, and have the world to meet." , " But, sir, do yon think I shall love Amy less for that?" " Amy Pembercast is a woman now, only a year and a half your junior. Let her meet the world, too, and be tempted. If she be true, twelve months will soon pass; if she fell in love jvith a new face, so much the better for. yon that it has happened before changing her name." " Well, a year is not a very long time," said Willie; "and a year it shall be to the day, if I can manage it. Why it would have taken six or nine months as it is." "Possibly." " And it is comfortable to know the day is settled," said Willie, rapidly making the best of his position. "Pll see Aunt Pembercast to-moRowi and tell her thia day year, sir. I don't think that she'll put me off any longer, nor Amy either." "Ha! Amy deferred the day of her happiness, then ? " " Why, Bhe's—she's young, and modest, and timid, Mr. Lanceford," said Willie, " and it is a grave question to suddenly eay yes to." "True enough." " And by the way, sir, now we are on the subject of that marriage, I may as well allude to a wish of my mother's. She would be very dull at the Pembercasts with- ' out Amy or me. When we are married I think she will live with us." Willie had never spoken thus boldly of his mother. That was a subject to be shunned in the father's presence, and the son had ever scrupulously avoided it. But he was a man now, and felt that his mother had some claim upon him. He would not thruBt her name forward defiantly; for he knew that his father must bear a certain amount of pain with its introduction; but he had thought of his mother's wishes a great deal, and he was anxious that nothing like secrecy should attach to his actions. To his surprise, Mr. Lanceford received the communication without any excitement. He was grave and calm, and he replied— "That will part us more than I could wish—that will keep your doors barred against me, William." "But Amy and I intend long visits to the Limes; we shall make that our country house, sir. And besides, sir, I have had a strange hope lately that- " " Do not tell me of that hope," he interrupted. " I have heard too much of your hopes already. This new one may be as illusive as the rest. I am tired." Mr. Lanceford would hear no more, and Willie went thoughtfully to his room, wishing his father wore not always so full of forebodings. "As illusive as the rest," that was an ugly observation that told of the little faith the father had in the son's future happiness. As if he should not be happy despite a hundred Harry Perkses. What made him think of Harry Perks at that time?—had Harry Perks been too attentive to Amy at the party, and had not Amy discouraged him sufficiently ? It was a question as ugly as the father's observation, and he shook it away like a suggestion of doubt that the devil might have whispered in his ear. He had perfect confidence —his was a mind free from petty suspicions. If Amy had danced and talked with Mr. Perks, that waB not flirtation, and it did his heart good to see her happy. If, as Nathan once remarked in the times past, there was a spell upon theLancefords that rendered them unwise in their choice and unhappy in their loves, he was the exception to the rule. Life seemed very bright beyond the present —he could see the fairy figure of his cousin standing afar off and making all the future radiant! (To be continued.) 