THE WRONG YERSE. Little Charley had long wanted to go to Sunday school with his older sister. One day his mother consented that he . should go. Accordingly, after his arrival there, he was assigned to a place in the infant school, where he sat among his comrades, feeling the dignity of his position very much. One of the exercises of the school w : as reciting verses. As each little one arose and repeated some little text or motto, Charlie was asked if he could say a verse " Yes, ma'am," was the answer. " Very well, let me hear it." Whereupon, to the merriment of all present he repeated: " Here I stand, stiff as a stake, Come and kiss me, or I'll break I" Though this might have answered Very well under other circumstances, it wasn't just the thing for Sunday school. ON PROPOSING.—"The fact is, we fear, that proposing is regarded as so disagreeable an episode in a (man's career, that there exists a silent but thoroughly well-understood and universal conspiracy to suppress the particulars and hush the matter up altogether. One evening you perceive, by unmistakable symptoms, that a man has completely lost his reason, and in what, in the familiar language of these unclassical times, is termed 'spooney.' The next day you hear that he is 'engaged., 1 What has occurred in the interval? Nobody knows. No one can tell. Somethiug has taken place, it is quitfe clear, since there is no effect withbut a cause; and in this case a most interesting and portentous effect has been brought about. But how? The tnan has proposed! Yes, but when did he propose, where did he propose, and how ? What did he say ? How did he go about it? We cannot accept the conventional answer as a satisfactory explanation. ' Proposed' means nothing, tells us nothing, and is a mere subterfuge. The man was not at all ashamed to be fraitically enamoured over night, though the whole room was secretely laughing at him; and today he seems to be rather proud than otherwise of the result of some exploit performed by him in the interval. We endeavour to piece the mystery. In vain ! Universal darkness covers all ! The chrysalis of an hour ago is now a full-fledged butterfly; yet no one saw the wings expand, and no one can explain the 'process to us by which they did so. No doubt the end is so glorious that it would justfiy any means used to compass it. What the means have been even the victor \rcll not inform us. We are driven to the conclusion that they must have been somewhat ignominious."— A CANDID SPINSTER.—Miss Dalrymple, sister of Lord Hailes, was a dwarfish and deformed figure, while amiable and judicious above the average of her sex. Taking into view her beautiful place of residence and her large wealth, she remarked to a friend one day, " I can say for the honour of man that I never had an offer in my life."— A COUNTRY MAYOR.—I was once present at a yeomanry dinner given in a small borough. The Mayor, by privileges of his office, presided, but he was oppressed by " county folk." His health was proposed by a real nobleman, and the honour was too much for him. In rising to respond he said, " Melordsengeu'lmen," and then he blushed and coughed. " Melordsengen'lmen, I'm—cough again. " I'm sure I'm very mnch a-o-a"—cough very bad indeed. Then with volubility, as of a man anxious to utter something and give up the ghost, " I'm sure I thank you; hearty, and I hope you'll die happy." That was the end of his speech: he was a butcher.— Essays in Defence of Women. Chambers' Traditions of Edinburgh. CasseVs Magazine. 