lo the Editor of the Avoca Mail.) Sir, — On perusing the remarks made by Mr Nicholson at the Presbyterian Meeting at the Shire Hall the other evening, though practically useless as regards any real good to be effected from them, still I think there is one thing arising out of the discussion of the subject itself, apart from mere controversy, which lends to it an interest far greater and much more important that the consideration of theological logic alone can do, and that is its direct bearing upon our present system of Nationa1 Edu cation. 1 am a decided advocate for the introduc tion of Biblical instruction in our National Schools — making the Bible the basis of our social and moral training. I look upon it as a blot upon our boasted civilisation that such a national question and patriotic desire as education of the masses should be either impossible or difficult ; and the religious dogmas which forbid union upon moral teaching cannot be otherwise than questionable formulas when they obstruct Bible lessons to the young ; and this, I think, is mainly attributable to the assumptions of pietists and pretensions of clerics, whose unreasonable doctrines are chiefly the prevention of more liberal and complete educa tional provisions. I remember seeing it stated not long since by "a Churchman," and which I now quote from memory, that "Logic denies to man the adoption of phrases which only Deity could utter; and when in the Ordination Service the words of the Saviour are complacently used as if : tbe privilege of co-authorship were unquestionable, and thefoimula, 'Receive the Holy Ghost," is de livered in the same imperative mood as when originally and but once uttered, what wonder that the young, newly -ordained postulant, should believe in a ' power' asserted by his quondam superior, and thenceforth conceive himself to be spiritually gifted for any work of ritual, absolution, or sacerdotalism?" It has lately been urged, too, by an influential "Home" bishop, that " the Catechism professes to teach either too much or too little!;" and a very doubtful gain to the Church of England is obtained by phrases which are not clear or precise, and which adults find difficulty in accepting or comprehending. Why, then, insist upon forms not tending to desired results, and why retain dogmas exciting denial? High Church has ever been blind to the consequences of its tenets. The Act of Unifor mity, in 1G62, provoked and forced Nonconfor mity in the best sons and daughters of the Church, and for generations past many have been hopelessly looking for the light of the bright morning of a better future ; but, I fear, another generation will yet pass away ere we obtain that " consummation so devou ly to be wished." And now, Sir, I ask, what remedy can be applied by which these dogmas can be prudently checked and restrained? I. unhesitatingly answer, by no other than a revision of the Prayer Book and elimination of the few but weighty forms of words which are nou-apostolic and unscriptural, which render Dissent and Nonconformity duties of out raged conscience, and which force even Churchmen into hostility — which is separation, not schism. Then! education will go on from the schoolmaster no longer subservient to High Church dictatioB, and an attempt might be made to reconcile jarring sects by Agreement upon truths received by all present Protestant or Christian congregations. To effect this I conceive it the duty of the patriotic, and would .be a gain. to. our country, and, if heartily undertaken, might ultimately be harmo niously carried out.. " I am/Sir, Yours, etc., JOSEPH JARVIS. Atom. Oct. 19. 1R70. \- """J 7 — t An impudent literary amateur called upon an editor and asked permission to write tbe fine-art criticism and the theatrical critiques, as . he , was in want of something to do. " lam sorry to say that both departments are filled," responded the editor ; " but if you really want something to do, you can clean the office windows." Mr. Edward Khull, long a respectable printer in Glasgow, was sadly bothered with an apprentice, who could not be initiated into that portion of grammar which treats of the proper disposition of letters and words. One day he presented such a shockingly inaccurate proof, as made his master, after staring with amazement, take his spectacles from his nose, and give the ill-disposing devil the following receipt " My man ! just gang hame this nMit, and tell your nntlier to boil Fulton and Knight's Dictionary in milk, and take it for supper, as that seems the only way you'll ever get spelling put into ye." 