TALES AND SKETCHES A BUSH GHOST STORY. Have you ever seen a ghost ? No ! well then, I have been more fortunate. It was not the ghost of stately dame in rustling brocade, or the spirit of cavalier in silken trunk hose, visiting the tapestried chamber of an ancient mansion. It was no perturbed spirit doomed to walk the earth in punishment for crimes committed, or waiting until some unfulfilled vow should be ac- complished, and an end put to its midnight er- rantry. The ghost I saw was a most unroman- tic one—a ghost proclaiming a foul unnatural murder, appearing in the solitude of the Aus- tralian bush. You may perhaps maintain that it was no ghost at all, and you are welcome to your opinion. At the time I looked upon the appa- rition as a visitor from the other world, for years I have held the same view, and nothing that could be said, or written would alter my conviction on the'subject. I seek not to make proselytes, I only state facts. When the new Bendigo rush broke out I was gold-buying in the district, and was brought into connection with most of the traders of what is now called St. Arnaud's. As my business of- ten took me to melbourne, the storekeepers con- fided their orders to me for the goods necessary for their calling. l was most often required to send up grog from Melbourne, and received a liberal commission, particularly if fortunate enough to get it delivered at its destination in reasonable time. 'One of my trips to town I had been favored with a large order for spiritous liquor. The purchases were soon effected, but I had considerable difficulty in obtaining drays. At last I had the satisfaction of seeing the goods safely off to St. Arnaud's. I had been fortu- nate in securing three drays, belonging to one proprietor, and he himself acted in the capacity of bullock-puncher. He seemed a steady man and his presence was in some sort of way a guarantee that the cargo would not be broached during the trip. He was accompanied by his wife, a middle- aged woman, matter-of-fact in the extreme; and not particularly attractive. I had some conver- sation with her before starting, recommending her to keep a sharp eye to the grog, and had there- fore had every opportunity of becoming familiar with her features. The drays departed, and I saw no more of them for about three weeks. I finished my business and left Melbourne for New Bendigo. Maryborough was reached by coach, the rest of the journey being performed on horse- back. On reaching a creek near where the roads branch off to Avoca and St Arnaud's, I came up with my drays. They had just camped, and the driver stated that he intended giving the bullocks a spell until the next morning. I had some conversation with the female, who told me that the grog was all right and that as the roads were in good order they would not be long after me in reaching their destination. Arrived at St. Arnaud's, I intimated the speedy arrival of the drays, and set about my avoca- tion of gold buying. Days passed, and there was no intelligence of the grog. I was pestered by anxious storekeepers as to where I had last seen the drays, how many bullocks there were, if the men were honest, and a host of such like questions to which I gave the most satisfactory answers in my power. At last intelligence of the tardy vehicles arrived but far different from that anticipated. Instead of the teams themselves with the concomitants of cracking bullock whips, and the usual "whoa, whoa, Brandy" and, "come up Snowball," there arrived the news that a foul diabolical murder had been committed. On the morning after I had quitted the drays at the creek, preparations were made for departure, but it was found that during the night the bullocks had strayed from the camp. The proprietor and his men started in search of the animals leaving the woman in charge of the loaded drays. Shortly after her husband and his mates had left, she was disturbed in her occupation of collecting her bush lares and penates by the sound of ap- proaching horses. Presently three horsemen pulled, up about-fifty yards from the camp, and took a survey of the scene. Satisfied apparently with their investigation, they advanced towards the woman at a rapid pace, halted close to the drays, when the foremost presenting a revolver told the woman to "bail up." They were all well-mounted, carried each a pair of revolvers, and had their features concealed by thick black crape. Instead of complying with the polite request, the woman with more courage than discretion attacked them with her tongue, and poured out upon them a tirade of abuse. She denounced them as a lazy set of villains, and told them in strong language that they ought to be ashamed of themselves for sticking up decent people instead of following a lawful occupation. Several times she was told in bush vernacular to "stow her gab" but with- out avail, and she still continued to pour out a torrent of invectives against the bushrangers. Such, indeed, they were. As afterwards came to light they had learned that I was about to travel from St. Arnaud to Maryborough with a con- siderable amount of gold in my possession, and had determined upon a transfer of property. To while away the time they had been sticking up travellers upon the road between Maryborough and Avoca, and had at last determined to wait for my appearance at the creek where they fell in with the drays. Smarting under the contumely heaped upon them by the woman, one of the men who had hitherto not spoken, asked her if she were not a "Clare woman," and being answered in the affirmative, he presented his revolver, told the female that he would send a message to Daniel O'Connell, and fired. The shot took effect, and the courageous woman fell back wounded in the stomach. The two mates of the man who had fired the shot were loud in their denunciation of the act, called him a pitiful coward, and told him they would have nothing further to do with him. Matters were in this state when the tinkling of a bullock bell warned the bushrangers that they must seek safety in flight. They accordingly wheeled round and departed at a gallop. Scarcely were they out of sight when the husband appeared with the missing bullocks, to find his wife in almost the agonies of death. She was able to recount what had happened but! could give no description of the men's features, nor of the road they had taken. One of the other bullock drivers was despatched to Maryborough for medical assistance, and to communicate with the police. About evening a doctor arrived upon the spot to find the unfortu- nate woman a corpse. The body was conveyed to Maryborough, and a coroner's inquest pronounced a verdict of murder against persons unknown. The drays were taken charge of by the police. Active search was made for the assassins, who, it was thought, had taken to the Mallee. When the news reached St. Arnaud's it caused great ex- citement. It was the topic of conversation for a fortnight. Private parties, of which I made one, were organised to search for the murderers. The country was scoured, and detectives were em- ployed without avail. The perpetrators of the cowardly deed could not be found and in about three weeks the occurrence began to be no longer a subject of interest, and threatened soon to live only in men's minds as one of the traditions of the early and lawless days of the colony. When my business was completed at New Bendigo I found it necessary to proceed to Mel- bourne, and so one day about three weeks after the event recorded above, I left that township, intending to halt at Strathfillan station, and to reach Natty Yallock in the evening, where my friend Mac was inspector of police. By leaving this place at an early hour in the morning I would be able to catch the coach that left Mary- borough for the metropolis. On arriving at Strathfillan I found that the family of the squat- ter was supplemented by two ladies, the owner's sister-in-law and a friend, who were on a visit to the station. I arrlved about lunch time, and having partaken of the repast was about to depart when I was pressed to stay for dinner. I consented. The afternoon passed quickly away, and I found enough to amuse me, although the game of croquet at that time had not been invented. Dinner passed off merrily. The squat- ter for a wonder, had a good cook, and his wine was excellent. The host was witty and the ladies were charming. After dinner we had music and singing and finally got upon the subject of the murdered woman. At last I expressed a de- termination to depart, and was met with a pressing invitation to stop all night. It was urged that the bushrangers might be lying in wait for me. To this I replied that it was not probable that they would venture in the district again, at all eyents until the affair had blown over. I moreover stated that I had taken the precaution of sending my gold to Creswick, so that it might be forwarded by the escort. To the reiterated entreaties to stop all night I turned a deaf ear, and at about 11 o'clock my horse was brought round. Bidding adieu to my friends, I mounted my horse and rode off. Quickly I traversed the paddock, emerged through the slip panels and struck the beaten track. The horse I was riding was young, a free goer, and one that knew me well ; I was in particularly good spirits— a little excited by the unwonted cheer and the animated conversation of the fair inmates of Strathfillan. I had no care upon my mind, and jogged along thinking of my trip to town. It was clear moonlight, and one of those sharp frosty , nights so peculiar to the months of June and July in Australia. The country I was traversing consisted of open forest of box and red gum ; ever and anon I came upon patches of dead timber, the withered branches of which took all sorts of fantastic shapes, and looked like weird icreatures disporting themselves in the moonlight. Now I rode across some small plain encircled by a belt 'of timber, and then again once more into the forest. I had not proceeded far when l noticed that I was off the track, and I knew by the sound that I was travelling upon turf. A slight devia- tion put me right, but in an incredibly short time, I perceived that once more I was on the grass. Somewhat annoyed, I gave my horse a sharp cut or two with the whip, took him by the head and put him on the beaten road. The animal was, however, disinclined to keep the track, and it required all my attention to prevent him getting into the bush. He now began to show signs of distress, and instead of going freely, it needed frequent applications of the spur to keep him in a canter. At last he propped suddenly, and stood staring into vacancy with distended neck and out stretched fore legs. He had broken out into a profuse sweat, breathed hard, and showed unmistakable signs of fear. Looking ahead I saw a' strange light too dim for a fire, and more like the reflex of a lime light thrown on to a stage. My first thought was that it was some sort of mirage, but a few moment's consideration told me that could not be the case, as it was too close. I coaxed my un- willing steed, and after much labor encouraged him to proceed towards the light. It became no brighter and as I approached no cause for the curious effect became apparent. On looking to the right I perceived what I made out be three loaded drays to which no bullocks were attached and under a tree near the farthest I distinctly saw the figure of a woman standing, and ap- parently looking in my direction. At once it flashed upon me that I was near the place where the bullock driver's wife had been murdered. To the left I saw the outline of the creek, which, though dry in summer, consisted at this time of the year in a chain of water holes. I must own that I felt somewhat uncomfortable. The horse refused to move, so I dismounted, took the reins over his head, and walked towards the tree followed by the animal. When about ten yards off I stopped, and taking a steady look, became con- vinced that it was the woman with whom I spoke on two occasions, and who had been re- ported as dead. I called out but received no answer ; then tried to whistle "Il segreto," but broke down miserably in the first bar. The horse was now in a frightful state of fear ; he trembled in every limb, and refused to move. I unwound the halter that was twisted round his neck, hitched him to a tree, and then, as if driven by a sudden impulse, I advanced towards the woman. When close enough I saw that there was a fixity of the eye and a rigidity of the limbs that spoke of death. I endeavoured to place my hand upon her shoulder, but although the figure remained before me my hand encountered no ob- struction ; in fact, it seemed to sink into the woman's body. I stepped forward a pace, and found that I had literally walked through the figure. Still it stood there pale and immoveable as a wax figure. Casting my eyes over her head I saw another sight. Amongst the trees I dis- corned the dim outline of a horse, then the limbs of a rider, and lastly a pair of eyes gleaming upon me through some black object. At once the lime-light like brightness fell upon those eyes, and I saw the head of a man whose features were concealed with a black veil, in which two holes were cut for the purposes of vision. The crape came down as far as the point of the nose, and, although the upper part of the face was hidden, I distinctly saw that the man had a hare lip. At this moment the female figure under the tree raised her arm and pointed in the direction of: Maldon, and then woman, hare lipped man, drays and lime-light all vanished, and I found myself standing in the middle of the bush, my horse tied to a tree, standing with a drooping head and quivering flanks. As soon as the strange scene had vanished the horse seemed to recover immediately, and began cropping the grass near him. I sprang upon his back "stirred his courage with the steel," and never drew rein un- til l reached Mac's quarters at Natty Yal- lock. He had long retired to rest, but the door was quickly opened, and Mac, in dis- habille, came to meet me, asking in rather forcible language what I meant by dropping in at that ungodly hour. He soon saw, however, that something uncommon had happened, and re- trained from further observations. We went into his room, and under the soothing influence of Hennessy and a pipe of Barratt's twist I told him my adventure, adding that it must have been imagination. "Imagination be hanged," said Mad, "It was a warning I'll go bail that the murdering villains are hanging about Maldon." It was agreed that a party of police should be sent out to reconnoitre, that I should go to town, despatch my business and return to join Mac in the pursuit of the bushrangers. Next morning I left for Maryborough, took coach to Melbourne, transacted my business, and within the week was back at Mac's quarters. He had received no news from his emissaries, but we determined to set out on our expedition. We rode over to Maldon and spent, two or three days in reconnoitring the district without seeing any- thing of our gentlemen. On the third day one of the police stated that he had discovered three men living in an isolated hut about twelve miles from the township. He had made inquiries, had ascertained that the nearest neighbors believed the hut to be empty, and further added that a teamster had told him that he had seen three horses hobbled not far from the shanty. That night, about 10 o'clock, Mac, myself, and four troopers, wended our way to the hut. When about one hundred yards from the place, we dis- mounted, left the horses in charge of one man and drew near. A light was visible through the slabs but when we were some twenty yards off it was suddenly extinguished. We reached the hut and waited patiently for some time. Suddenly there was a noise within, as of some one putting wood on the fire followed by the attempt to blow the almost extinct embers into a flame. Suddenly a ruddy glow came through the chinks, a sign that the dry wood had caught. I looked through the opening. On the floor were a couple of forms, rolled up in blankets. Opposite to me, with his elbows on a table and his head in his hands, sat a third man. His face was partially concealed, but I saw he had a hare lip. I pointed this out to Mac, who whispered "that's our man." Retiring a little, our plan of action was quickly formed—two policemen to stand guard outside, while Mac, followed by the other con- stable and myself, determined to rush the door. The two constable's were placed about ten yards from the door, with their carbines to their shoulders. Mac, with revolver in hand, dashed at the door, which gave way like brown paper, and burst into the hut, followed by myself and the third constable. The two figures sprang from the ground ; the man at the table removed his hands from his face and stared vacantly at the intruders. Not the slightest opposition was offered, and the three were handcuffed without difficulty. We remained there all night and early in the morning started for Maryborough, where we arrived without adventure, and gave up the prisoners to the authorities. They were tried, found guilty and executed. Before they were launched into eternity, the actual murderer confessed his crime, and the others, though deny- ing their guilt on that occasion, confessed to having more than once spilled human blood. The story is told. You may think, reader, that what I saw on that moonlight night in the forest was the effect of excited imagina- tion, or you may perhaps be still more un- charitable, but it cannot be contested that the incidents attendant upon my ride from Strathfillan to Natty Yallock led to the speedy arrest and punishment of the murderers of the bullock-driver's wife. 