§wc jStog/Cdto SHEMUS DHTJ, THE BLACK PEDLAR OF GALWAY. A TALE OP THE PENAL TIMES. By the late Rev. M. Kavanaoh, P.P. Chapter XXXI.-(Continued). The front of the hermit's dwelling was ?dark. D'Arcy knew that the inmates were ?still up ; but he did not wish to give a uignal of his presence without examining. He went to the rere of the house, and there, through a small square hole, which was familiar to him, he could see into the larger Toom. The hermit was standing with his back to the fire, and his arms crossed upon his breast, watching the muffling of a young ?woman, who, with the assistance of another young woman, dressed like the peasantry ;? of the country, was preparing herself Against the inclemency of a night walk. The dumb boy was seated near the fire, re gardless of everything; and a tall and stout man, enveloped in a great frieze coat, leaned upon a heavy stick, near the door, engaged in looking upon the attendant fe male. D'Arcy felt an unusual thrill run ' through his blood. It was not fear — it was not hope — it was not desire ; it was a, mixture of all. He breathed short, whilst he thought : ' My good fortune follows me here. I did not fancy such an easy victory. I shall have them soon in the woods. But is it she ?'' The sudden turn of the young woman's face towards him, revealed the features of Eveleen O'Halloran. They had not the bloom of health and peace, with which D'Arcy had seem them covered at his first meeting with Eveleen. Her beauty was still there; but paleness and melancholy impressed their colour and expession. D'Arcy thought she looked more interesting than when he met her in the wood. An unholy admiration seized him : he should have Eveleen at the risk of life— of eternity he thought not. Before this, D'Arcy had never thought of woman but with the feeling that dissoluteness suggested ; now, respect and esteem were mingled with his ? admiration of the hermit's daughter. But the feeling was only momentary ; his . heart was too hardened by vice and passion to retain any vestige of honourable love ; like tbe parched earth after a long drought* which, for a moment, and only for a moment, is moistened by the kindly shower, but instantly swallows it up, and is more parched and hardened than before. ' Ha ! the old villain speaks to her. I must listen,' said D'Arcy, to himself. He could distinctly hear the old man say : 'Eveleen, my daughter, though I do not command, I wish you not to go to Portarah this stormy night. You will have my couch ; I seldom use it. We will make it soft for you ; and I will be at ease whilst you take your rest.' ' My dear father, do not ask me,' .said Eveleen, soothingly. ' You know I will ?obey and please you in all things ; but, for reasons, you have promised Connel that I ?TOYMilrl vo+.nvn +.n Trim +,liis rnoTit. As a, second father, he is next in my affection to you. Do not ask me -to obey you, my dear father in this.' ' Think of the wildness of the night, my dear child,' said the old man. ' I am sure Connel cannot expect youi return in this darkness and storm.' 'Oh!' said Eveleen, approaching and putting her hand round her father's neck, '.I know the way well, and I have been out in wilder nights. To-morrow, when. I visit you I will tell you some of my wild ? adventures and escapes ; but you must not be vexed with me, though Oonnel was often so.' She .forced a smile whilst she said this, and she pressed her pale lips to the worn ' cheek of her parent. Her smile had not the life or light of its former self. Eve leen ?could not smile from the1 heart. She had heard that day that Fergus, her. rritti^ than brother, was iii a dungeon; heVfhst and best beloved was alone and suffering. ' As it please* you, my love, go forth ; \--and may God's angels protect you ! I will have no rest until I see you in the morn ing.' ' You need not fear, my dear father,' said Eveleen, giving a parting salutation to the hermit, and assuming a forced manner' of gaiety. 'As errant damsels are said, i in the tales we read, to be always attended by a sturdy squire, who protects them from all evil, I have mine, who is able to defend me with heart and limb against all danger. Are you not, Eugene More ? — say it to him.' ' Lady,' said the young man, with strong emphasis, as he raised himself erect, ' I may not understand your words, but I will defend any of your family, and much more you, against all evil with my latest breath. But you had better bake the old man's advice, and stop here for the night. The way, I mean the shortest and safest way to Portarah, is not over good to travel in a stormv niffht. Ynn Viava heard wha.f lappened to ugly Shelah ?' The story of the interference of the powers of the fairy world with the queen nentioned, was known to Eveleen and her father; and as it was the strongest reason svhich Eugene More could adduce for the lelay of Eveleen, it did not strengthen tier father's argument in favour of her stopping with him. ' You may go^ my love and my all,' he said, in a voice which betrayed the strong conflict in his mind between the judgment which said ' Eveleen should stop,' and the judgment which said ' I must give my long lost daughter her will.' D'Arcy had seen and heard enough to form his plans from the dispositions of the party. He joined his companions in the wood, and bid them to prepare for the coming of his victims. ' She comes,'' he said to Harrison, ' at tended by two companions — one is afraid of ghosts; the other is a maid, I suppose, afraid only of men. Come with me, Har rison ; we will play upon their fears.' It was just as Harrison desired. An adventure was promised where a young trivl was prmp.p-pnerl Tliia wroa ^nffinionf Eveleen, Eugene More, and the attendant crossed the stream which flowed between the hermit's dwelling and the woods of Kn ockshanballa. They had great difficulty in passing the swamps which intervened, and only for the assistance of Eugene More, Eveleen, with all her knowledge of the locality, would have gone astray. Just as they had escaped from the dubious foot ing of a swamp, Eveleen thought she heard the moaning of some person in pain near her. - She heard ib again — -it was at a greater distance than she first conceived. She remarked it to her guide. ??' Come on, Mistress Eveleen,' said tlie young man; 'my. ears are more accus tomed than yours to the noises of the wood. I have heard many sounds which I fancied human, and was deceived by them. Come on; those sounds -which I have heard before you, are caused by the wind and trees.' ' No, Eugene More. For Heaven sake, stop !'' cried 5Eveleen, as a low wail, rising .^ato a loud screech of pain, fell upon their ears. The voice was .behind them ; it arose from the morass which they had crossed. ' Let us hasten back Eugene. Oh ! it may be my father, who has followed us, and is perishing.' 'I will see, mistress.' replied Eugene, losing all his fears of supernatural agency _ l_ J_l _ _ ? J ? _^ T7I ? 'I __ _ tr TT ? lib but! em lies uuuss ui juvtueeu.. x ou musu : remain here — you can do no good. I. will be with you immediately.' ' I will remain; but,; call to me — tell me that he is safe. Fly to him, Eugene, and I will reward you. Oh, heavens ! it it be my father.' The young man descended the hill quickly, considering the darkness and the many obstacles of rock and tree which opposed him. Eveleen followed too, con traiy to the remonstiunces of her attend ant, though more liesurely, yet as ardently. Eugene More was in 'the swamp ; the cry of woe continued, aud.-is-iie advanced to wards it, it seemod to be at the same dis-. tance from him even to be retreating. He called aloud — there was no answer; he passed the dangers of the lower grounds —the cry. was in the wood, in the direction of the hermit's dwelling. Eugene's fear of ghosts again returned. It was rio wonder from the circumstances. He halted at the first trees, uncertain' to advance or return. ' By my faith,' he thought, ' it is curious, I should have let Mistress Eveleen come with me. I will return, for it can be no thing good that does not answer a friendly voice. Well, I will give one more chance ? -' ' Halloo there !' he called, at the highest pitch of his voice. , 'Who are you? and what is the matter with you ?' The loud voice would have aroused a dying man. When its echo passed off, Eugene heard an answer not twenty yards from him : ' Help here, for mercy ! I am dying !' Eugene sprang forward, and in the act he received a blow from a powerful arm upon the head, which left him stunned at the foot of a tree. ' Shall I despatch him ?' said the boy* Lewis Carew, with as much composure as if he were about hamstringing game. ' We must know your masters's will,' said Harrison. ' We will secure him though : he appears a powerful fellow.' Eugene was senseless under their opera- ? tion of tying and gagging him. He was left cold, and bleeding profusely, whilst his captives hastened to join their compan ions. Eveleen, carried forward by the agon izing thought that her father was suffering, followed Eugene with too much careless ness and precipitancy. She knew the danger of crossing the swamp, but she did not care a\out it. At the first step which she made upon the muddy ground, she sank above her ancle. ' We must cross in this direction, mis tress,' said her attendant, who met with the same accident. \- ' I am afraid not, Kathleen,' said Eve leen ; ' but we must pass over. Oh ! there is the cry again.' 'Call to Eugene,1' said the girl; 'he will return for us, and direct us.' 'No, no, Kathleen; it would prevent him from giving speedy assistance, and he would insist that we should return.' They listened eagerly, hoping to catch some sound from Eugene which might di rect them to the path he had taken. They heard nothing ; he had passed over quickly, stepping lightly from tuft to tuft of rushes and long grass, which arose here and there in the swamp. Kathleen had found a safer footing, and' they were some fifty yards in the bog when they heard Eugene's loud call to the suffering person. They heard not the answer, nor any sound which might make them uneasy about Eugene's fate.' They quickened their steps, at the risk of being every moment swamped ; and three minutes after Eugene's fall they were in the wood, and in the hands of ruthless men. Cf-lAPTEIt XXXII. Eveleen O'Halloran lay passive in the hands of Reginald D'Arcy. Unhappy Eveleen ! it was fortunate for you that your capture was so sudden ! Had you known that D'Arcy held your delicate and pure form within his wicked arms ; had you known that the most unrelenting of your race, the torturer of your first be loved, the swoin enemy of Connel and of your father, the merciless villain, D'Arcy, pressed his tinhal lowed lips upon your pale face, with an earnestness which told that he would suffer every evil sooner than give up possession of you ; and were you conscious that he had' persons with him nearly as .wicked as himself, who would second every purpose of his villainy, and that your friends were far from you, ?n/-\no nntiv vnn nftf, nil ft f.n fftftl firvr vnn wlir» had power to raise an arm in your defence — -it would have cost you your life ; your gentle spirit would have burst from your body, under the oppression of its feelings of desolation and despair. Not so your companion. Though she, too, had a loving gentle heart, it was of a sterner mould than yours. 'Yillains! who are you?' cried Kathleen. ' It is my mistress, Eveleen, Connel of Portarah 's daughter. Let us go. Help! Eugene, help!' she bawled, at the' top of her voice. ' Connel ! — ? Ferg ? -' Her mouth, was quickly stopped by a strong hand, and he in whose grasp she was said : ' Young woraan, you must be quiet, if you desire to be treated well. You are' now mine, pretty one. By ? ! D'Arcy owes you to me, to atone for this night's disappointment.' ' ' Hell and furies ! Harrison,' cried D'Arcy, ' why mention names ? Gag the wench, and, if it please you, throw her into the next lough, for what I care. But keep silence.' ' As you will be master here,' replied Harrison, ' whither go we now ?' ' Where we had intended, if we had succeeded. You know you and I cannot return to the city for some time. We will ask our companions to iioi[» i..-. to h „ § with our burdens ; we will be thankful to, them ; they may return. Is the fellow yonder dead ?' ' I would have secured that sir,' gaic| Lewis, excitedly, 'had the gentleman ? allowed me. Shall I do it now?' ' No, not your hand ; let there be n/* blood on you. He cannot recover from, the blow. However, bind him and gas him. ' It was done, sir,' said Lewis. ' Well, leave him there to rot,' returned D'Arcy. ' Onward, gentlemen ; let som§ rrf xmi orivA mo. nssisf.n.nnfl f:n 7iea.r* -fclns fkin Dne. But where is my guide ?' The peasant was not to be found ; none, had remarked him since they came in. front of the hermit's dwelling. This cir cumstance alarmed some of them; bufc D'Arcy told them not to fear, that fc§ knew the fellow, and that he dared not afti contrary to his wish. Though D'Aroy said this, to quiet the fears of his com^ panions, he was uneasy on account of thQ departure of the guide ; it made him waver* in a purpose he had formed of entering th,§, heimit's dwelling, and there glutting his. desire of triumph over the poor old man,, by exulting over the misery which h.^8. daughter's situation would cause him. ' No matter what danger our delay may bring,' thought D'Arcy, making up his, mind, ' I will have this last satisfaction Qf torturing the old hypocrite, and of making him feel the penalty of breaking his faitK with me. We will rest at the hermit's, cabin for a moment, gentlemen,' sai-| D'Arcy to his friends. ' We want some. refreshments ; his cupboard is never empty of good drink, and we can better there, prepare our fair companions for thei£ journey.' ' Be it so,' said they all, upon whom the mention of refreshments had a sudden, effect. It was the best argument which. D'Arcy could use to induce them to accom-. pany him. ' May there not be a danger of pursuit $-A asked Harrison, with more inducements;: than his companions to be on their journey, again. ' No,' replied D'Arcy. ' Those wb,o- would have an interest to rmrsue us. are. many miles distant from us, and they know; not that we are here.' The hermit, with trembling hands, un-. did the fastenings of his door. He fearecj. some misfortune, for he had heard th,e confused sound of many voices on the out.' side. The first object which presented it*. self to him \vas the seemingly lifeless form of his daughter, borne in by men in frieze, garments. He recognized her instantly,. He looked not to the others who b.a..$ entered.' If he could think of them, his. conviction would be that they were his, friends — peasants of the country — wb,o had rescued his daughter from danger, and had borne her, through kindness, to the shelter of the house, and to the bosom of* her parents. Poor old man ! he rushed frantically forward — he seized his daugh-v ter in his arms. D'Arcy had allowed him to bear her to the rough bench ; and there. supporting iiei upon uis ureasu, uv uiuqu, aloud : ' My Eveleen ! — my- child ! — you are not dead ! — It cannot be. God would not; have punished mj crimes so severely, to, take you from me just when I found yoij. Eveleen, my darling — the love of m,y heart — my life, speak, or I shall die. O; God 1 is it so ? No ! heavens be praised k she moves — she has life ! Water — water- my friends, water — the blessing of an old man be upon you — give me the water. Oh ! my love — my ' love ! God be; thanked 1' He placed her on the bench ; he knelt, . ' by her to thank heaven. She had moaned '* — had opened her eyes,' and asked, in a weak, trembling voice : — ' Where am I T*j ' Here, my daughter — here, my Eveleen. — on the breast of your own father. Are, you hurt my child ?' said the hermit, foncl: ling her to his heart. ? i ' D'Arcy knew human feeling too- well to allow, this scene to continue much longer.. From the attitudes of his companions, and the glimpses of their countenances whicl\ he could catch, he saw that those stern men were moved in favour of Eveleen ;t and he heard Harrison, the sternest an^; - boldest of them, say to Kathleen, whilst, he had unloosed the shawl with which he- had covered her mouth :— ' Go to you£ mistress, girl.' (To It continued.} 