THE WORLD AND THE CHURCH. December 8th, 1869. PATiT T. Hearts are weary — sad and weary — Thinking of the human kind — Of the deep'ning winter dreary, And the waste it strews behind — Of the great groans of men's aneuish For a higher food than bread : Of the craving hearts, that languish When the hollow husks are spread — ' Of the fragments of old teaching Cast, liko dirt, upon the ground : Of the ghosts of godless preaching That the nations gibber round— 01 the kings and kingdoms kneeling To the worship of God's shame — Of the madden'd world reeling Round the whirlpool of Flame ! Mighty voices are uplifted ' From the depthB of black despair : ? ' Will the cloud be ever rifted ? ' ' Is there any hope in prayer ? ' Heaven save us 1 Great €tod bring us ? Help and hope, or else we die : Who will give ua wings to wiDg v« From the ruin that is nigh ?' And athwart the darkness going Is the gleam of angel wings ; And a light is downward flowing From the great, Eternal Springs ; And the ancient gloom is broken That the stragglers did enshroud, And the silent God hath spoken Thro' the rifting of the cloud ! Part II. Lo ! the Vision rising slowly O'er Rome's consecrated brow ! Like the Angel Host when lowly Did the trembling shepherds bow ! Like the Vision 'nr.d the thunders And the lightnings of Sinai ! Like the new- enacted wonders Of that Pentecost's great day ! For the Ancients are assembled, Purple-robed, from all the climes ; And the great, strong walls have trembled 'Neath the thunders of the chimes, And the VENI hatk ascended, And the solemn prayers are sung. And the red tongues have descended As of old Twelve among, Fallen on them, lowly kneeling, 'Mid the smoke of sacrifice, While around, sublimely pealing, Gorgeous music- storms arise. Oh, the beauty ! sov'reign filling, Like the rain, the thirsty sod ! Oh, the poor hearts, trembling, thrilling 'Neath the awful breath of God ! But they rise — tho' it were sweeter Pause a little longer there — Aud above them sitteth Peter, In the old primatial chair : And majestic forms are bending O'er them from the pictured wall Ancient doctors,* pontiffs, + sending Their bright spirit over all. So they counsel- Truth still shielding 'Gainst the devils, fierce and strong, That are moulding, hard'ning, wielding Nations in the Cause of Wrong. Oh, my brothers ! ye heart broken — Ye, who cried for light divine, Tell me whether God hath spoken — Tell me, is not this His sigu ? L. K. M. 