THE COURTLY POETS.* Dr. Hannah has given us, in a tasteful little volume, a happily chosen bundle of verses, of a kind which is almost unique in literature. The "courtly poets" of England are a race apart, and a distinct order. Their works are imbued with a full flavour of their noble lives. They breathe an heroic air of their own, which renders them singularly interesting to the student of haman character no less than to the critic. Their songs are songs of action and of passion--of action in which their authors bore a part; and of passion, which we feel to be a living and moving principle, and no mere simulated fancy. It is this which invests the poetry of Raleigh, of Wotton, and of Montrose with a ro- mance higher than the more perfect works of the greater masters. In it we may see the spirit which moved to noble deeds; and read the very story of life. Of our great Englishman, Sir Walter Raleigh, we should have in fact but a dim and indistinct impres- sion were it not for his poems--poems which, we agree with Dr. Hannah, have been too much neglected by Raleigh's biographers. They are necessary to the appreciation of the hero's active and many-sided cha- racter, of that fire which burnt in him, as courtier, statesman, and adventurer. And who does not seem to know the nature of Montrose--that "Plutarch's man"-- better for his stanzas, at once full of melancholy and resolution, in which he ad- dresses his "dear and only love," whom he promises to make "glorious by his pen, and famous by his sword." Of the poems which Dr. Hannah has selected, those of Raleigh occupy the chief place, and are of the highest poetic order. It is easy to perceive by the little that Raleigh wrote that poetry came as natural to him as any other of his manifold accomplishments and that he might, if he had chosen, have earned a high place in literature had he not preferred a life of action. Few as are the specimens of Raleigh's muse, however, which have come down to posterity, they are enough to show that he was possessed of a real gift of verse. All of them are eminently character- istic of their author, nor is it possible to mis- take them for the work of any other hand. Full of pride, vigour, scorn, and stateliness, they are the very echo of Raleigh's nature. Perhaps the poem of highest mark is that called "The Lie," which, often as it has been quoted, deserves to be reproduced in full in this place:-- "Go Soul, the body's guest, Upon a thankless arrant; Fear not to touch the best; The truth shall be thy warrant; Go, since I needs must die, And give the world the lie. Say to the court, it glows And shines like rotten wood; Say to the church, it shows What's good and doth no good; If church and court reply, Then give them both the lie. Tell potentates they live, Acting by others' action; Not loved unless they give, Not strong but by a faction; / If potentates reply, / Give potentates the lie. // "Tell zeal it wants devotion; / Tell love it is but lust; / Tell time it has but motion; / Tell flesh it is but dust; / And wish them not reply, / For thou must give the lie. // Tell age it daily wasteth; / Tell honour how it alters; / Tell beauty how she blasteth; Tell favour how it falters, / And as they shall reply, / Give every one the lie. // Tell physic of her boldness; / Tell skill it is pretension; / Tell charity of coldness; / Tell law it is contention; / And as they do reply, // So give them still the lie. // Tell faith it's fled the city; / Tell how the country erreth; / Tell manhood shakes off pity; / Tell virtue least preferreth; / And if they do reply, / Spare not to give the lie. * "The Courtly Poets, from Raleigh to Montrose." Edited by J. Hannah, D.C.L. London: Bell and Daldy, 1870. So when thou, hast, as I Commanded thee, done blabbing, Although to give the lie Deserves no less than stabbing, Stab at thee he hath will, No stab the soul can kill. The earlier verses have more sentiment, and less of that fierce scornful directness which is the usual characteristic of Raleigh's muse. The sonnet written on Spenser's "Faery Queen,"--Spenser, of whom Raleigh was the earliest admirer and the dearest friend--are honourable to both men:-- "Methought I saw the grave where Laura lay, Within that temple where the vestal flame Was wont to burn; and passing by that way, To see that buried dust of living fame, Whose tomb fair Love and fairer Virtue kept; All suddenly I saw the Fairy Queen, At whose approach the soul of Petrarch wept; And from thenceforth three Graces were not seen, For they this Queen attended; in whose stead, Oblivion laid him down on Laura's hearse: Hereat the hardest stones were seen to bleed, And groans of buried ghosts the heavens did pierce, Where Homer's spright did tremble all for grief, And cursed the access of that celestial thief." The "Silent Lover" is another of Raleigh's poems in which the tradition is--an absurd one, as it appears to us--that he addressed Queen Elizabeth. The opening lines have that epigrammatic sententiousness character- istic of Raleigh, and are rather witty and conceited than poetical:-- "Passions are likened best to floods and streams; The shallow murmur, but the deep are dumb; So when affections yield discourse it seems The bottom is but shallow whence they come. They that are rich in words, in words discover That they are poor in heart, which makes a lover." The lines called "Sir Walter Raleigh's Pilgrimage," supposed to have been written in the Tower on the evening of his execu- tion, are full of a proud hope and bitter scorn. He protests against his judges, but hardly blames them for bringing him to immor- tality:-- "Then the blessed paths we'll travel, Strewed with rubies thick as gravel, Ceilings of diamonds, sapphire floors, High walls of coral and pearly bowers, From thence to Heaven's bribeless hall, Where no corrupted voices brawl, No conscience molten into gold, No forged accuser bought and sold! And this is mine eternal plea To Him that made heaven, earth, and sea, That since my flesh must die so soon, And want a head to dine next noon, Just at the stroke, when my veins start and spread, Set on my soul an everlasting head! Thus am I ready, like a palmer fit, To tread those blest paths which before I writ." Sir Henry Wotton stands next to Raleigh in this series, and is best known to fame by his poem beginning-- "How happy is he born and taught That serveth not another's will; Whose armour is his honest thought. And simple truth his utmost skill." A poem which may be set as a match to Horace's immortal ode, Justum ac tenacem propositi virum. There is a singular agree- ment in thought between the Pagan and the Christian writer, though the latter is perhaps the finer in grandeur of expression. Wotton, whom it is scarcely fair to class among the "courtly poets," was the friend of Izaac Walton, who has enshrined his memory in a noble biography. Among the lesser known poets is John Hey- wood, who, in a piece called "A Description of a Most Noble Lady," has the following lines, full of quaint simplicity:-- "Her roseal colour comes and goes With such a comely grace, More ruddy, too, than doth the rose, Within her lovely face. At Bacchus' feast none shall her meet, Nor at no wanton play, Nor gazing in an open street, Nor gadding as a stray. The modest mirth that she doth use Is mixed with shamefastness; All vice she wholly doth refuse, And hateth idleness." Among the poets who figure here is the ill-fated Strafford, to whom are inscribed "Meditations in the Tower," though upon doubtful authority. They are plaintive and musical, and in parts rise to the dignity of true poetry. We will conclude with a piece of "an excellent new ballad," called "My dear and only Love," whose author is Mont- rose. Some of the stanzas are far-fetched, and full of the pedantic conceit of the times; but the two following are very characteristic of their author:-- "As Alexander I will reign, And I will reign alone; My thoughts did evermore disdain A rival on my throne. He either fears his fate too much, Or his deserts are small, That dares not put it to the touch, To gain or lose it all. But if thou wilt prove faithful, then, And constant or thy word, I'll make thee glorious by my pen, And famous by my sword; I'll serve thee in such noble ways Was never heard before; I'll crown and deck thee all with bays, And love thee more and more." The Australian Journal, which aims at filling the same place in our periodical litera- ture which the London Journal occupies at home, and in many respects is quite equal to its prototype, has reached its 62nd monthly part. The July number opens with a further instalment of Mr. Clarke's story, "His Natu- ral Life," the scene of which is shifted to Tasmania. Mr. Henry Kendall contributes a graphic word-picture of an antarctic vol- cano, Mount Erebus,--"Where the shrill winds drive / The famished birds of storm across the tracts / Whose centre is the dim mysterious pole." Mr. Donald Cameron, of Sandhurst, describes how the "Morning Star Reef" was dis- covered; and a young wife narrates her ex- perience of a first visit to a labour mart which might be readily paralleled by the re- 