Music and the Drama. "Justice always whirls | In equal measure."-LOVE'S LABOUK'S LOST. ? IN cvory branch of art there is some model that serves as a standard of oxcellenco, and by which the skill or talent of its representatives may bo tested. In tho tragic'drama Shakspearo's " Hamlet" appears to be tho work to which the position is accorded by common consent. Evory tragedian aspiring to any ominenco in his profession must essay tho port, find must consent to bo judged as to Iiis qualifications in this branch of art by Iiis success or failuro in giving to this most difficult character some Bpocial pro minence it has not before attained. Tho language 'of tho poet is in this play so varied and capable of so j many different constructions, that, though wo may ! read and hear it almost to satiety, thoro is always j something now to be gleaned, some reading or situa tion that has previously escaped our notico, some change from our preconceived idoas : and tho trage dian who can present this to us will at once riso ;to the standard of measurement, or will sink beneath it as he fails to equal his predecessors. Horr Bandmann has hy no moons diminished his reputation in Sydnoy hy his enactment of tho Danish prince ; on the contrary, his laurels may ho said :to have gathered in extent ; for, however the character of Narcisse may have served to display his special stage and dramatic qualifications, yet a piece must of necessity loso in interest when its incidents and peculiarities aro confined to the actions of ono person age only. Tho many phases of Hamlet's character wero fully displayed hy Herr Bandmann-each in dividual sceno had its peculiar feature. Tho special characteristics of tho performance were originality and naturalness. His readings wore, as far as consistent with tho poet's meaning, in many instances different to any previously conceived idea, whilst tho stage "business" was now but startling. There, added to tho purity of his pronunciation (with but a very slight foreign intonation or accent, prin cipally in the rapid passages, whore he ÍB not on his guard), and with so evident an appreciation of tho structure of the languago, and of tho concoption of the author, all combined to produce a moro remark able portrait of this character than most representa tions wc have witnessed. No school of the drama is so perfect as that ex hibited on the German stage. In most other countries it is tho reverso of tho Latin poofs dictum, Foela Msoitur non fd, for actors aro mostly mado, not bom ; that is, thoy adopt tho stage as a profes sion after other pursuits have failed. But in Ger many men and women aro educated and trained for tho stage from childhood ; art grows within them with their growth, and they may justly servo as models. Herr Bandmann is evidently not only u dramatic but a Shakcsporian student, and his Ham ' lot is tho result of mature study and reflection. Tho j entire arrangement was more in accordance with ' the German representation, and with the author's toxi. The wholosalo excisions which British stage t radition has countenanced were not observed ; many scenes necessary to a due understanding of motives, and to a correct prominence of tho differbnt charac ters were pormitted to romain, and tho play, assumed an unusual completeness. Herr Bandmann represents Hamlet to us at first . as a voiy natural personage, having already dis tinguished himself, but now with natural feelings - mourning for the death of a beloved futher and a great king, and disgusted with the conduct of his mothor and uncle. His first speech was scarcely so well delivered as most of tho romaining scenos, and his elocution was a little uneven and guttural. Thc scene with, tho ghost was splendidly conceived. The hilt of tho sword was in ancient times always used as a cross for protection against evil spirits, and hore Hamlet leaves tho platform following the ghost slowly, his reversed sword hold steady boforo him. In tho succeoding scene tho figure of tho ghost was to have boen soon dim and shaded through tho can vas that formed the turret, the moon, represented by tho limelight, showing full upon it ; an exceedingly good idea, but, unfortunately, not carried out on Saturday in consequence of an accidont to tho light, which darted about like a will-o'-the-wish, and the ghost was invisible, tho lights in tho body of the houso being in full glare Hamlet's first address to tho ghost was remarkably fino. The sudden start, at tho word "angels," when ho first sees ¿ho ghost, and tho hushed towering of tone to " and ministers of graço," were boautiful illustrations of contrasting inflections. In tho noxt scene whero ho makes Horatio and Marcellus swear not to rocall what they have scon was equally good ; hore is tho first moment that ho assumes tho idea of madness, ovidontly that ho may throw oven his friends oil' the scent, in order that ho may maturo some plan for learning the truth, and discovering his uncle's guilt. Tho least effective speech was tho long ono at tho end pf tho second act, "O what a rogue and peasant slave am 1; " portions of it wore rather unnaturally hurried, but it was only weak in contrast with tho many vivid beauties of tho other parts of his performance. The soliloquy "To bo" was a string of poarls though Ophelia, who was prcsont, reading at a lectern all tho timo, must havo heard it. Herr Bundmann gives this scene a very natural reading : loving Ophelia deoply, his faith in woman is lost through the conduct of his mother. Tho address to tho actors was rather too measured and slow, but im proved at tho termination : and tho whole bf the play-sceno gavo opportunity for some fine and novel acting. Passing over minor points wo come to tho closet sceno, arranged as a panelled room,' at the back an oratory in which tho Queen kneels at an altar. Hero when the latter comos forward, and the hangings drop, Polonius hides himsolf, and is hero murdered. On reproaching his mother with her conduct he snatches from her the medallion of'her dead husband and throws it at the portrait of tho "counterfeit presentment," when instan taneously the Ghost steps out bf the frame.., The whole scene was so novel and Herr. Bandmann's , sudden change (ono of the great features of/hisact ing) so stirring that a rare excitement.was',<.cairned, the progress ot the piece being interrupted for a few minute«. Nothing like it Has been witnessed. Previous to this, the scene with the King at .prayers was given (usually omitted) ; it filled up tho picture by showing tho King's remorso. It would have been bettor had Hamlot not been so near the Kj,ing''s chair. I have not spaco to continue my remarks as to- the remaining scones, especially at tho grave and 'tho final passage at arms, with the restitution of the entry of Fortinbras, and the honours paid to Hamr ; let's body, easing off the horrors of the triple murder.'. . This was also a novelty. I havo only space to say . * that Mr. Hoskins as the Ghost, and Miss Corcoran , as Ophelia, stand out, both for reading and costume, in bold relief against all the rest of the characters, which were not what they might have boen in either point. . The Adelphi is doing a good business-the prices of admission being low will always prove an attrac tion to ono class of the community, and these, can manage to enduro tho little discomforts of heat and othor inconveniences insopafablo from a house built in this peculiar manner. Thero isa compact com pany, Miss Rosa Cooper and Mr. Charles Young, tho principal members. Thoso aro a small host in themselves, and havo, of courso, to do all the work. Ono great featuro in this theatre is tho very elegant sconory, on which Messrs. "Wilson and Habbe, who form part of the management, bostow an additional amount of their well known artistic taste. You scarcely know that Mr. Walter Montgomery paid us a flying visit a week or two since from Now Zealand. Indeed, it is tho laBt we are likely to see of him for a long time to como, if we over do so again. Ho arrivod horo'first with a loud flourish of trumpots and drums, and* wont out like tlie puff of an oxpiring candlewick. Ho came from New Zealand incognito, under another name, and rather indis posed ; within a few hours ho left for CaUibrnia. Mrs. Robert Heir has already cast aside her widow's, weeds and has been married to Mr. Darrell, Mr. Walter Montgomery's very young protogo. In music I must defer all items till next week, whon I purpose serving up a potpourri of homo and foreign intelligence. Indocd thero is nothing doing hore just now, and all musical interest merging in tho delightful anticipation of tho opera. But before closing I may mention ono thing that came to hand by last mail, and cannot fail to interest all who wish well to Australian artistes. MÍBS Julia Simmons, who delighted so many at conoorts hore by her ad mirable stylo of singing, has mot with great success in London. Sho has again been studying under Arditi and Mori ; at length it was found that she might venture to test public opinion. Mrs. Hop worth Dixon, the wife of tho great critic of the Ath&ioum;, to whom Miss Simmons was introduced, invited a party to meethor, amongst others Campbell Clarke, tho musical critic of tho day, who oxpressed himsolf as most delighted with hor execution, and demanded an introduction. Miss Simmons then sang at a conversazione of the Associated Arts Institution ; four hundred pooplo were present, aU strangers ; her singing gavo great delight. Miss Simmons was about to appear at tho Crystal Palace. BIRON. A public meeting is called, to be held at Mr. Jolin son's hotel, Gullen, county of Argyle, on Saturday, Fobruary 19, for the purpose of taking into considera tion tho advisability of presenting the Hon. John Robertson with a testimonial. 