ADELAIDE. Friday night. Messrs. Townshend and Co. sold by auction to-day, 2700 bags sugar, ex Jinbia, at rates showing an advance of £2 per ton on previous sales. The Governor formally opens tUo Bushman's Club thiB afternoon. The exports last quarter amounted to £785,000, and the imports to £653,000. A Miss Thorno is advertised to preach in the town hall next Sunday. — Herald. Prince Alfred Paiik. — The improvement committee of the City Council in view of the approaching exhibi. tion, have recommended the removal of the embank ment, the levelling and the formation of roadway and terraces &c;, at Prince Alfred Park. PiiE-EstrTi ve Puhcjiases. — Mr. 1\\. S. G. Macdonald, of the Welaragong run, Murrumbidgeo district, has been allowed to purchase, under his pre-emptive right, two lots of Crown land of the area of CJU and 250 acres respectively. English graziers are f ar from seeing the end of their troubles. The foot-and-mouth disease has made its appearance in several fresh places in North Stafford shire within tho past few days. Its effects have been felt inoBt severely on the west side of the Potteries, where there have been numerous outbreaks. The disease has also appeared iu other parts of the c juntry. Wtddy Diepateli, March 20. Commonage.- — Messrs. Alexander Cameron, John McLacuian, Henry Trape, Francis il'Kenzie, and Samuel M'Naughton, have been appointed trustees of the temporary commonage at Maclean : and Messrs. Thomas and William Cole, John Young, William Knight, and John Lyle, as trustees of the commonage at Box Ridge on the Turon River. Tendeus Invited. — Tenders are invited by the Minister for Works, up to tho 31st instant, for addi tions, &c;, to the Protestant Orphan School, at Par ramatta,. also for repairs at the same institution ; up to the 14th June, for the erection of telegraphic station at iloulamein ; to tho 7th June, for repairs, &c;, Mucquiirie light-house, at South Head, and repairs, &c.f; lunatic asylum, Parramatta ; and to the 14th June, for the erection of watch-towers at Wagga Wag-ga. Another Ghost.— A report has been current in Kempsey during the past week that the ghost of an old woman has been seen on two or three occasions lately, at a place known as Darby's selection, situate a short distance from this town. A young man named Fran cis M'Caithy, and another man, all state, we believe, that they have seen the ghost— an old woman, tall, lean, and haggard. It was seen, it is stated, on three consecutive nights, and approached the men. uttering the most piercing aud unearthly shrieks. Keport sayn that some years ago an old couple lived a very unhappy life in that locality, and the woman ultimately died in a most wretched condition. Whether lier death was hastened is not kuown, nor does it transpire that any questions were put to the apparition by those whn siy they saw it.— Macleay Herald. Retorted Appkeheksiok or Powkr.— At the Albury police court on Monday, 16th May, Thomas HanirfielU, alias Bloomficld, and Henry Devitt were brought up on suspicion of highway robbery. W. E. Lentuall deposed : I am sergeant of police, stationed at Albury. From information received on Saturday night, I went to Mr. Driscoll's of the Bridge Iuii, in company with Sir. Moore, governor of the gaol, and senior-constable Anderson. Found the prisoners in a room there, and arrested them. Searched prisoner Mansfield, and found on him a box containing 300 or 400 revolver caps, sixty-four ball cartridges, and Lo 7s in money. He- said, ''if I had only known what you were after, I would have been prepared for you, and put a pill through you.' I was then shown the swag produced, by Mr. DriscolL Among other things was this revolver and case, a lUsic containing powder, and a hag containing thirty-seven bullets, bush made. Then brought him to the lock-up. In. Borne rebpects the prisoner answers to the descrip tion nf Pmi'Ar t.lm huRlivMnppr. At tha time of Ills apprehension he was supposed to bo Power. Wheu I first brought the swag and revolver out, prisoner denied they were his. Devitt has been associated with him fur the last day or two. Devitt had on him LI 8s. 4d., two rings, and a knife. Senior-constable Anderson deposed : Oh Saturday night, between eight and nine o'clock, I assisted sergeant Lenthall to arrest the prisoners now before the court. 'Was present wheu Mansfield was searched. Heard him say distinctly that the revolver was not his. Devitt said that he had been employed by some one at Sandy Creek to drive pigs, and that he had been only a short time in company with the other prisoner. Mausfielii was very violent, using threats tlmt he would shoot me. D. Driscoll, landlord of tho Bridge Ian, deposed : I know Mansfield. He' came to my place last Wednes day morning early, and has been staying there till the time rf his arrrest. He came on foot. He said he had lost his hone at some public-house on the Sydney road. Saw him with the revolver. Thought he was a little touched iu the head. Devitt came to my place on Friday with a man named Quirk. He had been dr vingpigs for Quirk.— Henry Moore, governor of the A bury gaol, deposed : I gave information to the police on Saturday night about Mansfield. Went to DrUcoll's in company with senior-constable Anderson. Wheu Mansfield was arrested, he threatened to shoot eveiy one but me, as he had known me 'before. When seigeant Lenthall brought out the revolver, lie said, 'that is not mine.' Prisoner does not auswer to the description of Power. Mansfield was remanded till .Tuesday— bail allowed, himself iu L20, and two sureties in L10 each. Devitt was discharged, On Tuesday Mansfield was again brought up on remand. The bench dismissed the case, but considered prisoner was not a fit person to be trusted with fire- arms, and ought therefore to be placed under tho protection of tho police.— D. Babbington gave the following evidence as to defendant's state of mind : I have known defend dant for twelve months. Ho used to live in Mr. Dight's paddock. Always took him to be ' a Bhingle short,' by bis peculiar manner, as if there was some thing troubling him. Should not like to be responsible in any way for his conduct if he were at large.— J. F. Loxton deposed : I have known defendant for about two months, as a labourer in Mr. Wood's camp. He hod strange ideas, but beyond that he was quiet enough, and always did what he was told. I was aware that he carried a revolver. He was dischargedjparty on account of the state of his mind.— John l'omery deposed : I am a labourer in the employ of Mr. DriscolL Did not think defendant right in his mind. — J. K. Burnett, sworn : I am Government medical officer for this district. Have seen the prisoner before, From the evidence given I do not think that he should be allowed to eo at laree with firs-arms. I think he should 