OLD LADIES. {Saturday Review.) ONE type of old lady, growing yearly scarcer, is the old lady of Radical political tendencies based on the doctrines of Voltaire and Paine'n " Bights of Man "—the old lady who remembers Hunt, and Thistle wood, and the Birmingham riots, who talks of the French revolution as if it was yes tefday, and who hag heard so often of the for* teus mob from poor papa that one would; tbink she had assisted at the hanging herself. She is an infinitely old woman, for the most part birdlike, chirrnpy. and wonderfully a'ive. She has never gone beyond her early teaching but is a fossil Radical of the old school, and she thinks the ftods departed when Hunt and his set died out. She is an irreligious old creature, and scoffs with more cleverness than grace at everything new or earnest; she would as lief see Roinaniem rampant at cnce as this new->fangl»d mnmmery of Satan. As for science -well, it is all very WODderful, but more wonderful she thinks than true and she cannot quite make np her mind about the spectroscope or the protolasm. Ofthe two, the protoplasm commends itself most to her imagination, for private reasons of her own connected with the Pentateuch, but theBe things are not so much in her way as Voltaire aud Liderot, Volney and Tom Paine and she is content to abide by her ancient loves, aud to leave the leaping-polts of Bcience to younger and stronger han ds. And this type of the old lady is for the most part an ancient spinster, whose life has worn itself away in the arid deserts of mental doubt and emotional negation. If she ever loved it was in secret, some thin-lipped embodied idea long years ago but most likely she did not get even tothis unsatisfactory length, but contented herself with books and disensbions only. If she has ever honestly loved and been loved, perhaps she would have gone beyond doubt, and have learned something holier than a pcoff. The old lady of strong instinctive affections, who never reflects aud never attempts to restrain her kiuuly weaknesses, stands at the other end of the scale. She is the grandmother par excellence, and spends her life in spoiling the little one8,cran»ming them with sugar-plums and rich cake whenever she his the chance, and nullifying mamma's punishments by surreptitious gilts and goodies. She is the dearly beloved of our childish recollections, and to the last days of our lifa we cherish tho remembrance of the kind old lady with her beaming smile, taking out of her large black reticule, or the more mysterious recesses of her unfathomable pocket, wonderful little screws of paper, which her withered hands thrust into our chubby fists;but we can understand now what an awful nuisance she mnst have been to the - authorities, and how impossible she made it to preserve anything like discipline and the terrors of the domestic law in the family. The old lady who remains a mere child to the end, who looks veiy much like & faded old wax doll, with her scanty hair blown out into thinparent ringlets, and her jaunty cap bedecked with flowers and gay-colcured bows who cannot rise into dignity or true womanliness; who knows ncthin g, can give no advice has no sentiment of protection, but on the contrary demands all sorts &f; care and protection for herself—she, simpering and giggling as if she were fifteen, is by no means an old lady of the finest type. But she is better, than the sneering old lady who says coarse things and who, like Beranger's immortal creation,passes her time in regretting her plump arms and her vrell-turned ankle, and the loBt time that can never be recalled, and who iB altogether a most unedifying old person, and by no means nice company for the young. Then there is the irascible old lady, who rates her servants, and is free with full-fUvoured epithets against sluts in general ; who is like a tigress over her last unmarried daughter, and, when crippled and disabled, still insists on keeping the keys, which she delivers up when wanted only with a snarl and a Buspicious caution. She has been one of the race of active housekeepers, and has prided herself on her exceptional ability that way for so long that she cannot bear to give up, even when she can no longer do any good ; so she sits in her easy chair, like old Pope and Pagan in "Pilgrim's Progress," and gnaws her fingers at the younger world which passes her by. She is an affliction to her daughter for all the years of her life, and to the last keeps her in leadin strings, tied up as tight as the t-inewy old han oin knot them; treating her always as an irrespon' sible young thing that needs both guiadance and control, though the giil has passed into the middle-aged woman by now—a poor spiritless thing, that has faded before she has fully hlos somed, and dies like a fruit that haB dropped from the tree before it haB ripened. Twin sister to this kind is the grim female become ancient; the gaunt old lady with stiff backbone, who sits upright, and walks with a firm tread like a man ; a leathery old lady, who despises all your weak slips of girls that have nerves and headaches and cannot walk their paltiy mile without fatigue; a desiccated old lady, large boned and lean, without an ounce of superfluous tat about her, with keen eyes yet, with which she hoaste that she can thread a nec-dle and read small print bv candlelight; an indestructible old lady., who looks as if nothing short of an earthquake would put an end to her. The friend of her youth is now a stout, soft, helpless old lady, much bedraped i,i woollen shawls, given to frequent sippings of brandy-and-water, and eiieconced in the chimney corner like a huge clay figure set to dry. For her the indestructible old Lidy has the supremest contempt, heightened in intensity by a vivid remembrance of the time when they were friends and rivals. Ah, poor Laura, she says, straightening herself,she was always a poor creature,aud see what she is now! To those who wait long enough, the wheel always comes round, she thinks, and the days when Lanra bore away the bell from her for grace and sweetness and loveableness generally are avenged now, when the one is a mere mollusc and the other has a serviceable backbone th»t will last for many a year yet. Then there is the musical old lady, who is fond of playing small anonymous pieces of a jiggy character, full of queer turns and shakes—music that seems all written in demisemiquavers, and that she gives in a tripping, catching A ay, as if the keys of the piano were hot. Sc.metime6 she will sing, as a great favour, old s..ngs that are almost pathetic for the thin and broken voice that chirrups out the sentiment with which they abound; and sometimes, as a still greater favour, she will stand up in the oence, and do the poor uncerta in ghosts ot what were once steps, in the days when dancing was dancing, and not the "graceless lounge it is now. But her dancing- days are over, she says, after half a dozen turns; though indeed, sometimes she takes a frisky fit, and pays for it the next day. M. MEGE-MODBIES states that brown bread i„ a compound of coloured matter, produced by the action of a ferment he calls certaline. By prevent, ing the action of this lerment, brown bread i s converted into a white sort far superior to the common one. This is the kind provided for the poor and for workmen by the Administration of Public Assistance in Paris, which every day sell 8 to those classes 50,0001b. of bread- certainly better than that sold by the regular bakers. 