HOW TOM ROUSED HIS WIFE. THE wife of Tom Gordon is a victim to imaginary silments, and is never so content as when living according to the direction of her medical adviser. Dr. Valentine now under- stands her whimi and oddities to well that hf humors her in every eaprioe j if the imagines rheumatism is her complaint, he afreet with her, aad prescribe* tome harmless potion if she thinks her appetite decreasing, some bread pills, keep her in good spirits until the fanoied symptoms of some other disease indaoe htr to Send again for him. Daring the last fonr years Tom has often wished that his wife would roll down stairs and break her foolish head, for the reason that the physician's and apothecary's bills made aseriou inroad upon her income About three months •go she complained of a pain in her side, and, m usual, ( tne doctor was summoned. After prescribing three or four bottle* of different compounds—all harmless, but rather expensive —he said : " All you want to assist medicine in effecting a cure is a little rousing. Although your ailment is serious it is not dangerous. Assume a littla energy, and you will recover. Kemember, rouse yourself." After the dootor had retired, the patient fanned that at last some serious diiease wu be* ginning to manifest itself, and, like a fool, sh« went to bad in despair. Tom understands the ease thoroughly, from long experience, and twd, mentally, " She wants a rousing, does she P Well, 111 gue her a surprise that will startle her/* If re. Hake, an attractive widow, was engaged to act in the oapacity of nurte to Mrs. Gr. The widow is young, buxom, amiable] and Tom thsnght her attractive qualities might be mad* available in giving the patient the neoessary rousing. A short consultation with Mrs. Hake resulted in the arrangement of a plan, the exe cution of whioh was to influenoe Mrs. G. to for ever afterwards throw physic to the dogs. Late the next evening, while the patient was fretting and groaning, and announcing her in* tention of giving up the ghost, Tom called Mrs. Hake aside, and said to her in a pretended whisper, but loud enough to be heard by tht invalid : " Poor Fanny ! she is about to die at last, and you and I may as well arrange for oar marriage." Tom threw a glance over his shoul der as he spoke, and observed the dying patient cease her groaning and begin to arouse herself. Arising to a sitting posture in the bed to not* every word ot the conversation, she stared at them with eye* as big as small onions peeled. Twill be a relief to her," continued Tom, " for she has always been an invalid. I too haw suffered as well as she, but with you, the pic ture of health, as my wife, happiness will be) complete." The widow threw herself upon Tom's shoul ders, her arm about his neck, and began to chew bit vast in moothfuU to •mother hi* laughter. " Hew coon shall we get married after she if dead t H asked Tom, passing his arms aroond the widow's substantial waist. MI suppose you will be willing to wait a week or twoP" simpered Mrs. Hake, as she leaned her head on his shoulder, and took another moothfal of vest. The invalid uttered an exclamation and landed on the floor. " You think lam going to die, do you?" she exclaimed. "I'll live to spite you both! And for you"—she turned and grasped Mrs. Hake by the hair—" out of my house, you designing vixen! I will act a* my own nurse hereafter." From that day to this, Mrs. Gh has enjoyed good health, and Tom has enjoyed good spirits, because he has not had a doctor's bill to pay. He knew how to core her, for she only needed rousing, and Tom roused her. 