PAEENTS AND PUBLIC SCHOOLS Wc ask our readers to consider the folloAviiig letters, Avhieh h.ave been furnished 011 the mo tion of Mr. Farnell. The letter of the Popish Bishop is especially Avorthy of consideration. It is as good a speeinieu of the Popish spirit, or the spirit of the P.apacy, .as is likely to be found for a long time. But our legislators and CroAvnlaAV onicers .are distiiieciy eaiiea 011 to iieaiAvitn tiie ovme Avhich the Bishop eomniits, in regard to the threats Avhicli he holds oA'cr the parents and children, in denying to them the rites of the Church,' should the children continue at the Public schools : — The Acting Secretary, Council of Education, to the Principal Under Secretary. Council of Education Office, Sydney, 17th October, 1870. Sii', — In accorrlaiice Avith the request con tained in your letter, of the 24th September last, I have the honour, by direction of the Council of Education, to forAvardhereAvith copies of .all documents in the iossession of the Coun cil relating to iiarents being prohibited from sending their children to the Public Schools. I have, &c..; E, E. AVeijSTKP., Acting Secretary. Extract from letter of the Teacher of the Public School at Brookfield, dated 14th June, 1870. " In the ease of a Mrs. Johnson, Avhohad children .at the GlenAA'illiam Public iSchool, I believe thej' refused +0 give her Church rites, or b.aptise her infant, till she AVOuld giA'c them a )ledge that she Avould reinoA-e her small ehildrcn from the GleiiAvilii.am Public School, and send them a distance of three or nearly four miles (little children AVanting boots) to Ghu'enec Toavii Eoini.sh Dcnomiiiation.al School, .and poor Mrs. Johnson felt so acutely in the case th.a,t the Avept in the presence of some of the people there assembled." B.C. — Imspector to obtain eA'idence as to teacher's statement respecting the ease of iMrs. Joliusoii. — E. E. W., 20-7-70. Memorandum to the Acting Secretary, rojlying to the Acting Secretary's B.C., dated 20-7-70. I beg to fonvard liereAA-ith a letter fi-ora the teacher of the Glemvilliam Public school, and 'to state that, in my opinion, the contents are in strict .accordance with the facts of the case. 2\. In other places in my district the effect of the Bishop of Maitl.and's imperatiA'c charges are equ.ally evident. I have previously reported this in a memorandum upon the Boman C.atholic clergyman's visit to the Pittsburg Public school. 3\. Li the vicinity of Wallsend there are just a feAV parents Avho yet dare to exercise their OAvn opinion ; and in numerous instances, even though they have submitted to the pressure brought to be.ar upon them, the parents have informed the teachers from Avhom the children have been taken, that they are very sorry to be under the necessity, but that they " cannot stand up against the Priest." J. W. Allpass, Inspector of Schools,.NeAveastle District. Mr. A. E. Eoberts to the Inspector of Schools, Newcastle District. Public School, Gleiiwilliam, 1st August, 1870. Sir. — In answer to your note of the 25th July, I have the honor to inform you as folloAvs : — 1\. Mi's. Johnson's children attended my school up to the 24th June. As none came during the ''first Aveek of the present quar ter I made inquiries as to the cause of non- .attendanee, and Avas informed by the oldest girl that they were kept at home to cut doAVii corn stalks. 2\. On receipt of your note I purposed visiting Mr. Johnson's ou Saturd.ay, .and av.as on the point of starting Avhen Mrs. Johnson called at the school to p.ay her fee .aceount. I asked her if it Avere true that she had taken the children aAvay from my school again, and sent them to the Eoman C.atholic Denominational School at Clarence Toavii. .She said that they had not been sent to that school yet, but that she should li.aA'c to send them, as the Bishop said she must. That on several occasions she h.ad told the Bishop she would not remove them, but th.at her hiisb.and being at a meeting at Brookfield, the Bishop had made him promise to send them to Mr. Hickey. I then asked Mrs. Johnson if 'the Bishop had threatened them with deprivation of Church rites. She replied that he had, and for no other cause Avould she have removed the children from this school. .Also, that she deter mined to send one daughter, Elizabeth, to her aimt's (Mrs. Seymour's) to liA'e, so that, she could attend my school as before. 3\. The dist.ance from Mrs. Johnson's to the E. C. Denomin.ational School, Clarence Town, is about three miles. IhaA'c. &o..; A. E. EonERT.s. The Acting Secretary, Council of Education, to the Bishop of Maitland. Council of Education Office, Sydney, 2nd September, 1870. My Lord and Bishop, — 1 have the honour, by direction of the Council of Education, to ac quaint your lordshij) that it has come to the Council's knoAA'ledge that atNcwcastle and other places in your lordship's diocese, Eoman Catholie liarents have been eonstramed, under pain of being depriA'cd of the rites of the Church, to AvithdraAV their children from Public schools, in direct opxiositiou to thlsir expressed Avish to con tinue them at such schools. 2\. The Council Avould be glad to learn aa'hether your lordship has directed the course Avhieh has been taken in the AvitluhaAval of these pupils from the Public Schools. I have, &c..; E. E. WEB.STER, Acting Secretai-y. The Bishop of Maitland to the Council of Education. Mest M.aitland, Stli September, 1870. Gentlemen, — I beg to acknoAvledge the receipt of your letter of the 2nd instant, in Avhich you inform me that it has come to the kiioAvledge of the Council of Education that C.atholic parents at NcAVcastle and other places in this diocese liaA-e been constrained, under pain of behm de prived of 'the rites of the Church to AvithdraAV their children from Public sehools, in direct opposition to their Avisli, and you ask me to ac- J vCfc XI. M XXiVVV. <9LiV.«Al. CV taken. In reply, alloAV me to say that NcAveastle is not in my jurisdiction ; any cominunieatiou you may haa-c to make in reference to that iilaee should be addressed to the A'eiierable Arch- bishoA of .Sydney. AFith regard to other jilaces AAdiich you do not n.ame, and Avhieh you suiipose are in this diocese, I have to express my regret that the terms of your letter render it impossible for mo to giA'e you an aiisAver, — as a reply from mo to question affecting the relations that exist betAVcen me and the Catholes of the diocese, oA-cr Avhieh the Holy Ghost has placed me, Avould seem to admit that the Council had .> right to jnit to me such an extraordinary question. It is scarcely neces sary for me to f ay that, apart from the offence Avhieh such a question implies, I, as a Catholie Bishop, cannot recognise such an assumption of authority by the Council of Edue.ation. As. hoAVOA'cr, the Council of Education may simply seek for inform.ation on the a'icAvshold by me Avith regard so the Public .Sch.ools, and on the obligations of Catholie parents to AvithdraAV their ehildrcn from these sehools, Avhere books ' must be read by them Avhieh Avei-e compiled for the avoAved purpose of undcriuining theirfaith,! shall in th.at case be most happy to comply Avith your request ; and any coniiminicatioii having "due regard to the rights and duties of my posi tion as a Catholic Bishop, and not misrepresent ing the action Avhieli I and my clergy may feel bound to t.ake, in order to protect the religious interests of our Catholic peoile, and to saA'e the fate of their children from the dangers of mixed sehools, — shall command my best attention and most earnest considor.ation. AIIoav me to add, that your letter renders evident a great Avant in the Council Avhieh you must feel, .and to Avhieh public attention has been frequently directed, namely, the absence of a Eoman Catholie, Avho Avoiild take part in . your delibcr.ations, and Avhose counsel Avould, no doubt, be of the ga-eatcst benefit to you in your cori'ospondence Avith the heads of his Church on educational subjects. I haA'e, &c.;, f James Mukraa", Bishop of Maitland. 