DISAPPOINTMENT. We really can afford to pity our most bit ter opponents,, when we see them the victims of ' blighted hopes,' and though our readers will hardly believe that between, ourselves and Mr. David Buchanan, there can be, much sympathy, we assure them we heartily con dole with him iii his present misfortunes. We ' are cofideiit that they will ? do so too, wlirvn wn a.c mining tliom Tn't.li David's eriefs. They will remember that he owed his re turn to the 'no-popery' cry, and that he came in with Sir James Martin. Since his return he has recanted all his former- expressions of distrust against his liege,, and he has been r ready to proscribe Eadaleen's Chabulc to any one who would dare say otherwise. Davie hid his little share of honor, in a bushel^ and became an obstructionist, and no position suited him better. .,. He did his, work well. The Ministry were at last reduced to straits, and Davie . thought!: the day of re compense was at hand. Alas ! ! for politi cal leaders— they have no gratitude, and so Davie says.' He is not to be offered a portfolio ; he is rejected, and his hopes are blasted. He- can only bewail his folly and weep o'er his past. He may try' an action for 'breach' of -promise,' but he will fail. His repentance we caunot believe to be sin cere ; for, though he denies the presence of one fit to form a Ministry in the Assembly, let Sir James but offer him a 'sugar-sop,' and Davie will again adore him ? We do not wish our readers to think that David Buchanan is ' the only disappointed man in the House. We could name a dozen who 'will next week be disappointed. But the appointment of 'Mr. Cowper' as Agent General has been a ' crusher' to, Mr. Henry 'Pnrlrp.s. An rvffip.p. iii ihn. 'TVTirHst.w witTi honour he could not hold ; but there was one office probably he hoped- for. His: name was no longer held in respect. Many actions of his, he desired should sink into oblivion, and in England alone;,— ^over the seas — where no stories of his 'patent ghosts' could annoy him, Henry saw the oasis of peace and quie tude;'1 'There he might enjoy case and a good salary. But' 'the very man he hated' has checkmated him, and Mr. Cowper has blasted Henry Parkes' hopes. . 'A .final stopper' has been put on his ' little game.' We cannot imagine the effect the' appointment named will have on Henry. He has already shown some strange symptoms, and he is determined to baste Mr. Charles Cowper, for, on the 3rd of January, 1871, he will move— 1\. That the practice introduced by the Ministry holding office in 1869 and 1870 of appointing its OAvn members to permanent places of profit in the Public Service is con trary to the. spirit of the Constitution, detri mental to the character and efficiency of Go vernment, arid ought not to be followed by succeeding Ministries.' ' 2\. That the foregoing resolution, be pre sented by address to the Governor, praying that his Excellency will cause it to be entered upon the Minutes of the Executive Council. 