A STRANGE STORY. Another proof of tho mingo " murder will out," ls given by the Trenton Senfluci : " It is fortv years ago or more, since Hie dead body ot a stranger was found lu tho woods, near the Stcnybroolc bridge, nhouc ono milo to tho cost of I'oivnltn.'on, a village In New Jersey county. Wo were a child thou, resided near said village, and remember tho circumstance well. It was an incident to make a lasting impression in a quiet, rural neighborhood. Yean later, when wo boys used to go to swim in that locality, more or less fears wero always excited hy reference to the ulrcurmtanco. for boyhood, ns well as ago, ls superstitions- Nobody bellevos In ghosts, and yet almost everybody ls afraid of thom ! Tho body was round In a sitting posture against a beech tree Tho face was distorted, tho ev us protruding, as though tho dead man had died in agony. Ills hal lay a fow feet from him ; his dress betokened ono in comfortable circumstance*. Ho was a stranger, and no ono remembered to hove seen him There was no money on tho corpse. The body, without special examination, was hurled, wo forget where; thero wore no wounds upon lt, and no evidence of violence. At that day. public scrutiny was not as acuto In reference to tho mysterious deed, and no verdict of supposed murder was recorded. And now comes tho Btrango elucidation of tho case. A few days since, accident placed In our hands a copy of tho Jlfanc/iesfer (Eng* land) Examiner, in that numbor wo found tho dylDg confession of a man nnnied Daniel Hulseman, acknowledging to a murder perpetrated forty years ago, In tho Stnto of New Jersey. United States of America. Tho murdered man's mimo ls James Eberhart. Tho murderer was acquainted with his victim In tho old country, and carno out about ono year beforo him. llulsciiian was a tan- ner, and worked In New York. When Eberhart came over ho sought out his old acquaintance ; ho hail about £'JUO In money. On pretence of examining tho country nnd purchasing land, IIulso man started with Eberhart on a tour through New Jersoy. Ho had with bim a flask of poisoned brandy, and ho resolved to mur- der his friend for tho money ho hud. They flrststopped at Prince- ton, and then concluded to walk tho intervening nine miles to Pennington, tho weather being pleasant, and publie travel being greatly circumscribed. AV li on within a mlle of that place they stepped over Into tho woods, and sat down under a tree, to partake of some victuals they had procured boforo starting. Hulaemstx then passed his flask to his companion, who drank liberally, and died within nn hour theroaftor In fearful agony. Hulsoman looked un all tho while. Ho then robbed him of hU'monay and set Ultu up against a tree, as boforo described. There aro still old men about Prlnooton who will remember this event. It seems almost marvellous that after tho laina of forty years this affair should liavo como to light by a death-bed confession, three thousand nilli (row thc pluco^of eomtiilailgrj. And }'<Jt H ll «veil io,1'. 