Notes of Passing Events. (BV SOBOTINEBB.) It is now no long since 1. troubled yon with any notes, Mr Editor, that 1 presume, speaking in parliumentary language, you suppose ero this that 1 have *' paired off *' with Old Wallaby as regards newspaper onrresponling. I can nsanre yon, s r, that such is by no means tbe case. Instead of pairing off, if what I hear be true. Old Wal'aby is more likely to ' abiiffie off his mmtai coil,' than do much ol anything else at present. I hear ho has been *o _ AI ; «ni»k tha iiitmno* wVltP.h *1 mAnltnnar! nru. viously.that as a last resource ho has placed him self undor the spectacled care of Professor Gullfool, of Quaekpill Shanty, Corriuial.Btrcet. It is said that the Pro'e-sor pronounced 01 1 Wallaby's disease as being in its third aud last stage of incurableness. He says that the disease originated in the form of ' Knee, cotirso Mania/' that it became more aggravated in its natnie in the second stage, as ' Tnrfclubphobia,' and that it is now settled down into 'Galloping Consumption'' from which the animal is Baid to be suffering most severely. As is the case with all public rumors, reports differ very much concerning the health and whereabouts of Old Wallaby. Some people say that both Old WallRby and Old Man Kangaroo have been captured and forwarded to tho l)uke of Edinburgh, for companions to his Elephant on board the Galatea. It is quite clear, however, that someti ing serious has happened to his Wallabysbip, as lie never replied to my last letter. The grammar subject used to effect him very muoh, but I um now setlled him rutrght. So the temperance advocates in this town have no a 'Gongh' to plead their cause and fight their battles for tbem . In Englaud and America tbo great temperance leetuier and orator is J. B Gongh. In Illawarra tbe groat temporunee champion now ap pears to be J- B. Davis, of Garden Hill. Tbere must bo a great leecmblance between those two men, I should imagine. You see the initials of the.cbiistian names of both of them are 'J.B.' and although the suruomesj ' Gough' and 'Davis,' are not exactly the same, tbey are alike in this respect — that they are spelt with five letters each, A volumo entitled ?' Gough's Orations ' has been published, imd popu larly perused for some years past. I should not be surprised if the letters of the Garden Hill 'Gough ' should not be eollected at some future time and published in a volume, bearing some such title as ' Davis' Digest of Intemperance.' The Garden Hill I Gough appears to be cot only on authority on in temperance, but, also, on suicides and oxttavnganeo in dress, &o.; He writes about suicides with as great a familiarity as a hangmnn would t lk about execu tions, and be concludes that subject by congratulating the pnb'tc upon the fact that persons committing .-?5 ? ? ? n ? ? u ? .i„ 0...1 ? BUloiaes nru uuu uu' u»' «u «'? vm uno ituaua, a ei impa our Garden Hill Champion has as great a dread of ghosts as he has of Alcohol, and that he speaks feel iogly about burials at Cross Roads, as ho lives so near such a place. His strictures on extravagance in dresB comes with great power from the pen of oiib who is such a model of plainness in his daily attire. I expect to notice a great revolution take place in this district, in regard to ' dress,' and particularly in the hat line, sboitly as the remit of J. B Divis' advice. I don't suppose onr shopkeepers, milliners, and lailorB will like it, but they must pat up with those sort of things. I notice with considerable alarm that war has been declared between the Belli German Confederation and the host of newBpnper correspondents in that part of the wot Id. The French and Prussians take ' Eagles ' into tbe field of battle, but it appeal s that cats and lilies are to be articles and emblems of war among tho belligerents on our northern frontier. There aro different kinds of lilies in tbo botanioal kingdom, but I presume those combative ones must be of tho ' tiger lily ' class. As the North Illawana Council is going to erect a toll-bar on the Bulli road, I hope they will do bo at once, as by that means (which will be useless for all the purposes in tended) the war may be confined to Bulli only It is a pleasing thing to notice an improvement in -Viu onnl trnrln at this nort. and to learn that a con siderable increase is likely to take place in it next year: 1 regret, however, to hear that Bulli is likely tn be a loser to the extent of our gains in tbe trade, for it appears that the large contracts now obtained by the Wollongong Coal Companies has been for some years in the hands of the Bulli Company It is to be hoped that the latter company will open up ' fresb fields aud p istures new ' in tbe commercial world for a trade. One of the greatest objects to be accom plished in Illawarra is to open up a market at Mel bourne for tho sale and consumption of our cools. I tonched upon this question before iu my notes, and will now roftr to it only briefly. It is only a Bhort time ago since the people of Wollongong were amazed almost to consternation at the sight of what they imagined was a Flying Sqnadrou off the coast here, fho'supposed Sqoadion proved to be no other than a number of large veB'els bound from Melbonrno to Newcastle for coal. Then why, in tho name of trade and commerce, could not those and other vessels be saved the time and trouble of passing this port to Newcastle? With untold milliuns of tous of oual almost overhanging our very baibor, it ia probable that tho few mineis iu the district were doiug nothing, and that the-e was not a single sail in the basin on thu day that these twelve or fourteen ships were lying off Wollongong on tbeir passage to Newcastle. Tbere i. o irrnnt, want of enterprise connected with this district somewhere, when such suould be case, I notice that the member for the district ha& bought tho coal land lately owned by Mr Speer. I hope he will make better ubb of it than its previous proprietor did. and that if he does not attond to his duties in the House of Assembly he will attend to tostering aud forwarding the coal trade of tbe distriot, aud by that meaus be will promote his own private interests and that of tho whole of illawarra. The people of Kiama deserve great credit and success for their efforts to open up a large market for the sale of butter made in the district. Whatever may be urgod to tbe contrary, tbe shipments of butter from Wollongong and Kiama to London bavo proved a practical success. It is vain to expect a foreign market where large demands end, at tbo same timo largo prices, may be obtained for butter: What we want and what is now proved to bo open to us is a maiket in whioh we can dispose of our surplus buttor at a paying price No douot that the establish mont Of a Company suoh as ia now proposed at Kiama would be the best means of carrying on such n trado. 1 holiove, howover, that to he thoroughly successful a company for the purpose named_ mu-t carry on everything conncc'ed with tho affair in a piaoucai maimer, uuu niium . - ., ? ? would suggest that such a company should have a central establishment in tho district in a suitable locality, for the re-clenning; and re-packing of al butter bought and shipped by tho Company. Thoy Bhould also have all their caBkj made to otder with the Company's Btamps or btand cleailv and prominently imprinted on them, and the whole arrangement should be c n u t a upon a regular system, and aB muon in accordance with scientific principles as possible. Bysticb mi a a as 1 have suggested there would be a unilormtty --1 quality in tho butter exported by the company By shipping it direct from diffeiont d.iiiea in tbe dis trict, very fow of whioh mauufacluro buttor upon tho mpst approved principles, there will always be a difference in the quality, and the inferior will tend tolowor the piice of the superior part of a shipment more than the revorse, I wish the promotots of tbo Kiama Butter Company a crowning success, and nope others may go and do likowiio. 