BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. On Thursday evening the religions services were continued, when the Rev. J. Trewin delivered the "District sermon," after which the Sacra-<*> ment of the Lord's Sapper was administered to the members of the assembly ana tne mem bers of the Church, who had been invited to join in the celebration. Several ministers assisted in the service, and a gracions influence pervaded the meeting. We omit giving are port of the sermon, a resolution having been since passed by the Assembly that the Rev. J. Trewin be requested to supply a full out line, to be inserted in the South Australian Magazine. At the appointed hour on Friday morning business was resumed. Air. G. Tresise, who for the past three years has been success fully employed in opening missions in the South-Eaet, having fulfilled his term of proba tion, presented himself for examination pre paratory to his being received into full con nection. The ministers who had been ap pointed to examine him tested his information on various branches of knowledge. His answers giving general satisfaction, he was unanimously recommended to the English Conference as a suitable person to be leceived into the ministry, and as such was received by the meeting. The afternoon was occupied in reading the spiritual reports adopted by the various Circuit quar terly meetings, and the members of the district meeting relating their Christian experiente. They spoke of conflicts and victories; of seasons of depression and times of refreshing, of their assurance of an interest in the death of Christ, and their hope of a blissful immortality. On the part of all there was an expressed determi nation to give themselves anew to God, aad to exert all their influence to promote the in terests of the Church and the happiness of mankind. On Friday evening, February 25, a service was held for the public recognition of Mr. C. Tresise as an approved minuter. The devo tional proceedings were conducted by the Rev. T. Piper; and the Bey. J. Way, wh3 presided, explained that after a probationer had been received by the District Meeting, be was brought before the congregation for pnblic recognition by vote of the people. He then called on Mr. O. Tresise to give a statement of bis conversion, call to the ministry, and religions experience. Mr. Tresise said he was not unconscious of the important position he then occupied. He had never lived such solemn moments as recently, and hoped the act of that evening would be ratified in heaven. When very young he first felt convictions of sin; parental prayers made a deep impression on his mind, and a pious clergyman helped him to serious religious thoughts and feelings. These wore away, bat subsequently the Bible Christian ministry pro duced powerful convictions that led him to Jesus. In company with a brother, now in heaven, he was saved. Years after he felt a growing desire to preach; he gave himself to preparation, and a deep, clear, and powerful conviction came that his whole life was to be devoted to the niinistry. He left England for this colony, and the impressions followed him. He could not shabe them off, and, having ob tained a recommendation from his circuit, he entered the work. He had realised many proofs of God's favor; no evidence could be clearer than his assurance of salvation. He hoped to labor in the Bible Christian Church as long as God gave him breath to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ The Rev. S. Keen moved the recognition of Mr. C. Tresise as a minister of the Bible Christian Church. He said none could foresee the consequences of their act that night. It was apostolic teaching that they should " lay hands suddenly on no man." They a-jted on this inspired counsel. The Church must recommend. Year after year the pro bationers were subject to strict examinations to test their mental and spiritual attainments. The final examination at the end of four years was minute and careful. He believed Mr. Tre sise had qualifications for the work; he was converted. This was the first and highest qualification. They appreciated intellectual attainments, bat these, however great, were worthless without spiritual power. He had every confi lence in the young minister before them, and with much pleasure proposed bis recognition. The Rev. J. Roberts seconded. Mr. Tresise was first appointed to labor with him. He knew something of his life, and had heard good reports from the other stations to which he hai been appointed. The Rev. J. Stoycl was called on to snppoit the recognition. He o'.vserved that the Church was the highest institution on earth and her ministry was of divine appointment. None should enter it but as drawn by divine influence; they should be persons of the highest qualifiations. Careful training was necessary for his high vocation ; the Apostles were trained by three years' instruction and example by the best of teachers —their Lord and blaster. The brother before them bad been thoroughly tested. In comparative isola tion from brethren, surrounded with many dif ficulties, he had earnestly labored for three years on mission ground. He knew something of his private and public life, and was pleased with the fervency of his devotions, and earnestly hoped he would be favored with a long and successful life. With great pleasure he supported this proposed recognition. The resolution was unanimously carried. The Chairman gave Mr. Tresise the right hand of fellowship, and presented him with a copy of the Holy Scriptures, which he hoped would be bis daily study, his guide and comfort through life. The Bey. J. Ashtonthen delivered the charge. After referring to his having himself occupied a similar position 27 years ago, when he with four others listened to an ««Mrp«« delivered by one since dead, and remarked np n bis feelings and determination, then, the speaker pro ceeded to enlarge upon the work undertaken, its greatness and responsibility. He urged the necessity for purity of life, self-denial, conse cration, enthusiasm, fidelity, and imitation of Christ in hatred of sin and love of holiness. He then dwelt upon the themes which were to form the groundword for the preacher, and spoke of the hindrances and encourage ments in presenting the truth to hearers. Passing on, mention was made of the qualifications requisite' in a minister, and tiie need for preserving lifelong study and constant patience. He then proceeded— " Think no effort too great and no privation liard that wQI aid you in the attainment of knowledge, and most of all let your knowledge be of the Bible, and such as wiU assist you to unfold and illustrate its meaninp, and to enforce its obligations. Be not satisfied with mere fragments, valuable as they may be. Try to descend below the surface to principles that underlie the rules, precepts, and examples. Search for truth as for "hidden treasure." Know it in its usual or common mode of ex hibition, and also in its deeper abstraction and essence, but give it only in the former in your regular ministrations. Your auditors will generally look for the truth, the bre-id and water of life, rather than the processes of your possessing yourself of it To know the techni calities of theology is well, the better to see the proposilionsand relations of truth, and tbebetter to be enabled to present it to others in its simple beauty and eternal blessedness. In preaching, the less dogma the better. It should be clear, and plain, and suggestive rather than dictatorial. Man need not, nor should be give forth his dictum, yet he should speak solemnly and authoritatively the truth as it is in Jesus." Farther on he said—" There is danger of our being satisfied with sincerely setting Christ and His claims before our hearers, jost as a teacher of science docs his truths, leaving greatly to them the acceptance or the rejection. But this will not do. If it be teaching, it is hardly preaching. We must 'beseech sinner* in Christ's stead to be reconciled to God.' We most feel as if the perishing, and, indeed, all men, were a part of ourselves, and in the deepest sympathy, with a holy enthusiasm, lovingly urge entire submission to and full ac ceptance of Christ. If well and faithfully done, preaching is a large if not the largest part of a minister's work. But there is much be sides to be done. There mast be constant watching to prevent the coming in of evil from without, as well as to prevent tlie rising up of evil from within, where the good seed has been sown in honest hearts. Htre ' the elders of the Church' should keep vigilant eye, and unite with the minister to carry and to feed ' the lambs of the flock.'" Later, he remarked —" Humanity is so weak, so erring, bo self willed, so conceited, so bent on evil, and ' our adversary the devil' is so present and ready to add thereto, that evil will come in. 'Offences will 'com*.' Much patience and forbearance is necessary, and much wisdom to crush evil in tbe bud. The perfec tion of the Scripture and of Christ is the lofty standard to which we must look and to which we must point, and then humbly and patiently wait for the ripe corn in the ear. ' Feed my lambs, feed my sheep,' said Christ To all give tneir portion of meat ia due season, never wearying, nor wavering in well- doing. Ever in 'deed and word' be a true 'counsellor and guide.' Many then will follow, will be saved, and be the Crown of your rejoicing for ever. Beyond things strictly sacred you will have some responsibilities in relation to the discipline and secularities of the Church. Be no novice in such things. T-ke in to your view the universal Church ; but specially that por tion of it of which you are a minister. In •lurch polity and government expediency seems rather to be the law than any positive command or set example. That is the beat that most resists evil and most fosters good, and tiiis is o'ten ruled by persons, circumstances, and times, by forms and accidents more than by esse? tills. The Church is one, bat widely nullified. 'The essence and the evidence of the unity of the Church is spiritual t-imilarity,'and diversity of administrations need not affect this. Never be forward to cut off from the Church except in the extremest cases, if then, bear and forbear long. 'Overcome evil with good.' Shame, or awe, or lead into submission to the troth and right by love. All eke may fail; love cannot always. Do your own part in these matters well and timely, and generously help the slow and backward, without severe reproof or chiding." He concluded thus :— "There are, too, Tobiahs, Sanball&ts;, and Geshems set on mischief, hindering the work of the Lord. Jerusalem in rains is their glory ; the temple of the Lord destroynd is their delight. They must not be feared, but defied and contemned. Love of ease must be over come by the fire, and life, and power of ' Christ in yon, the hope of glory.' Sin and iniquity, however multiform, and however archly and artfully posted against Christ and his universal reign on the earth must be in the name of the Lord assailed in its own citadel, and there may be no truce or compromise. 'To Him every knee shall bow.' 'All nations shall call Him blessed.* All error, whether to al or partial, whether coarse or subtle, and whether popularly called good or evil, must be con stantly opposed with the truth in love, the truth in precept, in role, in practice, or example. The truth lived must be living truth, and can not be hidden long. ' Let your light ao shine before men that tbey may see your good works and glorify your Father which is in heaven.' But heart evil is the greater foe and enemy to the reign of Jesus Christ the Lord; and love, God's love in Christ Jesus, is its conqueror. It has conquered, it does dow conquer, it shall conquer till all shall know him, 'whom to know is H(e eternal.' How important well to i live the life of earth ; great as are its responsi- | biUties, there is no need to despair. ' Our suf ficiency is of God;' His rod aud staff comfort. He says, "I am with you al way ; my grace it sufficient for thee ; be faithful; I will give thee a crown of life.' Seek and expect the Holy Ghost's spirit to comfort and to guide you into all truth ; God's providence over yon shall be gracious aud good. Never forgtt it is for God yon live, fur God you labor —that you live and labor — that man, your brother, may be brought back to love and loyalty to Christ; brought to purity and peace through Christ. L«t your eye be single; let your aim be great; | let your hope be ardent; let Christ be all and in aIL Ever remember your high and holy calling. To enemies without or within come not down. To Satan, to sin, to the world, to { the flesh, to all that would divert you from •your work of faith and your labor of love,' say, ' I am doing a great work, so that I cannot come down.' May God Almighty bless and help yon, my brother, and may yon ever be richly anointed with the unction of the Holy Ghost." 