? 1 ? Percy Anecdotes. LORD BYRON.- During the residence of Lord Byron, at Venice, the house of a shoemaker was destroyed by fire ; and every article belonging to tho poor man being lost, he was, with a large family, reduced to a most pitiable con* dition. Tho noble bard having ascertained the afflicting circumstances this event, ordered a new and superior habitation to to immediately built for the sufferer : in addi tion to which he presented the unfortunate tradesman with a sum equal in value to the whole of his lost stock-in trade and furniture. Howard's Cottagers. — The philanthropic Howard paid great Attention to the poor cottagers on. hi& estate at Cardingto?) near Bedford ; he cncouraged their habits of industry, visited them in sickness, and relieved their dis tresses. The cottages that were fulling to ruins Kq rebuilt on a more convenient plan ; and allotted to each a little flower garden in front, and a piece of ground behind for the cultivation of potatoes ; still not raising the lew rents at wliich they had previously been let. His relative, the late Mr. Samuel Wliitbread, who had on estate in the same Tillage, seeing how Mr. Howard had contributed to the Telicfj the welfare, and the comfort of his fellow-creatures, rebuilt several cottages soon after, with the same benevolent views ; so that Cordington, which was at ono tame only the abode of ]-ovcrty and wretcbedness, was converted into one of the neatest villages in the kingdom ; exhibiting all the pleasing appearances of ©ompctcncc and content, the natural jewanls oi rural industry and virtue. Loed Gojimanston. — In tho month of October, 1815, lhe Mary, of Glasgow, was stranded ueax Balbrigon^ in Scotland. On the vessel filling, the unfortunate seamen lashed themselves in tbo shrouds, and every attempt to relieve them proved ineffectual from the heavy swell and surf. Two days afterwards, Lord Gormanston, who had been made acquainted with the shipwreck, offered two hundred guineas to six. gallant fellows, if they would Tenturc to rescue the seamen from their perilous situation. They immediately pushed off in a stout boat, and at the great hazard of their own lives, brought the whole crew on shore, though almost in a lifeless state. Mr. Filgate, of Lowtlier Lodge, added twenty guineas to the handsome reward of his lordship. George the First. -—Mr. Rosenliagen, who was domestic steward of the Duchess of Minister, used to relate . as a fact, within his personal knowledge, mat when the Earl of Nithsdale made his escape out of the Tower, tho night before he was to be executed, tho deputy-lieutenant ofthe Towor, as soon as it was known, went to St. James s lb acquaint the King with it, and to vindicate himself from . any remissness or treachery in his conduct. His Majesty was entertaining himself with a select party of the nobility, and it was with difficulty the lieutenant gamed admittance ; ?when, with some alarm and concern, ^ he told his Majesty ihat lie had some* ill news to acquaint him with. The King said directly, ' 'What ! is tlio city on fire, or is there a nevr insurrection ?' He said thnt neither was tho case, hut told his Majesty of Nitlisdale's escape. Tho King most humanely replied, ' Is that aU ' It was the wisest thing ho could do, and what I would have done in his place. And pray, Mr. Lieutenant, be not too diligent in searching after Jiim, for I wish for no man's blood! ' Heroism of Compassion. — On tho 26th May, Mr. ?William Tewksbury, of Deer Island, and his son, Abijah. 3t. Tewksbnry, a lad seventeen years old, were at work on the . eastern part of Point Shirely, near Winthorp's Head. About 4 p.m. a boy came running from the Point, and in: formed him that a pleasure-boat hud upsot in a direction between Deer Island and Long ' Island. Without waiting for further information, he immediately took his son into Ms canoe, set a small foresail, and ran through Polling's Point Gut, towards Broad Sound. The wind was so high ihat, with the smallest sail, the canoe nearly buried itself ander water. Having relieved her, he stood in a direction for Long Island nearly half a mile, without discovering any indication of the object of his search. He then observed his wife and children on the beach of Deer Island, running towards Sound Point. This induced him to keep on tho same course, and in a short time he discovered the 3ieadB of several men in tho water; and as they rose and fell on the sea, he was impressed with the belief that there were moro than twenty buffeting* the waves, and contend ing against death. Being perfectly aware of the little Jjurthcn and very slight construction of his canoe, which was one of the smallest class, the wind Mowing a violent gale, his apprehensions for his son' s and his own safety had almost caused him to desist from the extreme peril of ex posing his frail bark to be seized on by men agonised to despair in the last struggles for life, lie, however, pre pared for the event, took in his sail, rowed among the drowning men, with a fixed determination to save some, or perish in the attempt. By an exertion of skill, to be equalled only by an aboriginal chief in the management of a canoe, he succeeded in getting 6oven persons on board ; and was attempting to save the eighth, when his Bon exclaimed, ' Father, the canoe is sinking— we shallall perish ! ' This exclamation calling his mind from the purpose on which it ?was bent, exposed to him his most perilous situa-tion. Six inches of water in a canoe, nine in number on board, the upper part of her gunwale but three inches above water, the wind high, a heavy sea running, and constantly wash ing on board, and nearly a mile from tho nearest land, That nine might even liave a chance of being saved, he vas obliged to leave one unfortunate man hanging on the stern of the jolly belonging to the pleasure-boat. Ofthe men saved, one was so little exhausted that he could assist in bailing; another could sit up; and the others lay motionless, and apparently lifeless, on the bottom of the canoe. There not being room to row, Mr. Tewksbury had 110 alternative but to paddle before the wind, and was but able to react the extremity of Sound Point. The instant she struck she filled with water from tho violence of the sea. Exertions were still necessary to save the five help less men in tbe bottom of the canoe. In giving her assist ance at this time, Mrs. Tewksbury was much injured by iho convulsive grasp of one of the men, apparently in the agonies of death. They were all conveyed to Mr. Tewks Jirny's house, and by the application of hot bliuikets, tea, and medicine, they were recovered. Four did not recover, so as to be able to speak, for more than three hours. Eleven persons were in the pleasure-boat when she overset, two of ?whom attempted to swim to the shore, and were seen by the survivors to perish thirty or forty rods from the boat. One was drowned in the cabin. After landing those saved, Mr. Tewksbury returned with all possible expedition to the relief of the man left on the jolly-boat. He was gone ! The '1 i stiin pm from the place where Mr. Tewksbury and his Bon were at work, to the place of the accident, is one mile and a half. The above focts being made known to the ? trustees of the Humane Society of .New York, tUey voted that seventy dollars in money, anil a silvor medal. of the value of ten dollars, with, suitable inscriptions, should bo presented to Mr. Tewksbury ; thirty-five dollars to his son ; twenty dollars to Mrs. Tcwksbmy ; and five dollars to the fxiy who ran with the information of the boat having been Upset. Foundling Hospitals. — It is a fact honourable to many of the ancient States, that the care of the Govern ment was directed at an early period to exposed and deserted chili-en. In Greece and Rome means were not only pur sued to encourage the * reception and education of exposed children, by assigning them as property to those who took ?iTimn under their protection, but a law was also made that foundlings who were not received by private persons, should 3)e educated at the public expense. At Thebes, to prevent child-murder and exposure, it was ordained that parentB who could not afford to bring up their children should carry their new-born babes to Government, who committed ihem into the hands of such as engaged to take the best care of them for the least money. The only difference be tween the Theban customs and modern manners is,, thatthe Thebaa children were slaves for life, whereas ours are free; for the manners of both were the same in other respepta. The humane decrees of the Emperor Constantino merit particular attention ; first for Italy, in 316 ; and second, for Africa, in 322. The Governments in those countries were directed to prevent the murder, sale, or pawning of children, J-y supplying the parents with money to bring them up ; which money was to be furnished by the publio treasury or magazines, or from the Emperor's privy purse, to provide food, clothing, flT|^ necessaries. This measure is thought io have boen produced by the feeling manner in which PL«actantius described the situation of 'parents to that JSmp'eror. After those decrees the children were nursed dv their parents. But it seems there were at Athens as well ] . as at ftome at a veiy early period public receptacles for such children. The ^Emperor Justinian, by a particular Law, anno fi29, declared foundlings to be free, denominating them brephotrophium, from /3 pttj-oc, a'child, and rptpo, to educate, in his laws respecting tliom. That orphans were provided for by the State, as well as by charitablo individuals, has been proved by the discovery of an ancient document that, was found in the neighbourhood of PIncentia, in the year 1747. This ourious relic of antiquity, which consists of a ponderous copper tablet, five feet in height and ten in breadth, contains on inscription of moro than six Diundrcd lines, purporting that the Emperor Trajan, had laid out a capital ot 1,014,000 sesterces, on mortgage, at five per cent, interest, wliich was to bo divided monthly among two hundred and forty-five hoys and thirty-four girls, born In wedlock, and two illegitimate children belonging to the community of Vollcio. The samo tablet records a bequest ay one Cornelius, of a smaller amount, for a similar pur pose ; but it makes no allusion to ail orphan-house for the jcccption of the children, nor of the manner in which the Doucy was to be applied; and, indeed, the sums a]j jcar much too moderate to hnve boen intended for their entire support. The amount of Trajan's endowment for tie orphans of Velleia was nominally equal to about i84 ,000 sterling. The institution of public receptacles for j tie reception of foundlings in latter ages has been chiefly eying to tho charitable donations of the piously disposed among private individuals. The oldest establishment of ths kind found in Goimany is ono at Triers, founded in Ufc latter part of tlio sixth century. Mention of it occurs 3D. thie life of a legendary saint, called St. Goar. Tho cnldren so oxposod hero were placed in a marble couch Jxitoro the cliurdi door. In the seventh century there wero piiiilar establishments at Anjou or Angers, in France, by £t)Magnchodus, subsequently called St. Mainbouf, bishop t'A ;hat place, who had several houses built for their recap Hot. At Venice, there is also an institution for foundlings, eolfcd Delia Piela, established in 138U, by a Franciscan, Honed Petruccio. Iu tlie your 787, nn arch-priest, named Injieus, croctcd a foundling hospital at Milan, at his own expanse, on puiposo to stop child-murder ; in this house llioinfunts received all nocessarios, till they wero sevon yeas old, whon tlioy wero put out to loam somo handicraft eiiifiovmcnt. It is said, that it waB usual for the mothers ol s«ii children to strew salt botwoon thoir clothes, which 5b wjd to intimftto that tho infant had not been baptized, or, pcrlips, that it had not been purified by wator. In 1070, tlici-j waB established At Montpolior, a religious ordor bf tho r - ' ? i t i Holy Ghost, by Oliver de la Trau, the members of whioh called themselves kospitalari sive spirittt* ; onoobject of their I order was, generally to take care of the poor; and for Buch little exposed unfortunates, to provide education and other i necessaries. In a short time, this order spread 'itself into many countries. Among other places, -thero was estab lished a foundation in Homo ; after confirmation by Pope j Innocent III,, in 1198, an elegant mansion was obtained I for their establishment. The House of Brunswick built a ? similar establishment at Einbeck, begun by Duke Albert, | in 1274. Alms were collected for its support, and patents I granted ; but this house was different from all others of tho same kind, inasmuch as it provided for poor foreigners, as well as inaigent natives; and received orphans and found lings, of whom it took care till they grew up. An hospital, - dedicated to the Holy Ghost, was built at Nuremberg by a rich citizen, named Conrad Heinz, surnamed Der Grosse ; and completed in 1341, for the Teobption of poor pregnant women, and the maintenance and education of their chil dren. It was a rule in this house, that the day of the birth or reception of each child should be lecoided so that if It ' should ever have the ability to pay for the expenses it had incurred, a standard might be afforded, to estimate the general charge. In England, there ia a splendid hospital ! for foundlings, which was supposed to. have been estab 1 lished seventeen years before it actually took place, from obstacles thrown in tho way of tho benevolent founder, : Captain Thomas Coram ; so that it was not founded until about the year 1739, or in the thirteenth year of King George II. Voltaire.— There are some men (observes (Rochefou- i cault) who would not dare to appear enemies of virtue ; but I when they wish to persecute, tliey deny its existence. This i was the case with the enemies of Voltaire, whose benevo lent actions were aU attributed to his vanity; although it was notorious, that every man in distress applied to his bounty; that he delighted in assisting the wretched in whatever situation of life they might be placed ; and that in the obscurity of his retreat, lie was continually perform ing good actions. It is only necessary to mention the names of Sirven and Calas, to recall to tbe recollection of every one the active benevolence of Voltairo; nor must we omit his interference for the fifteen thousand slaves of the Monks of St. Claude, whom he contributed to render free and happy ; his manufactory of watches, which was formed as an asylum for those who wished to escape the broils and persecutions at Geneva ; or his rescuing from the hands of the Jesuits the estate of six gentlemen of the nama of Crassi. There are several other instances of his generosity, which, though less known, are equally com mendable. A labourer, who was neither connected with nor dependent on Voltaire, had lost a law-suit at the par liament of Besancon, which entirely ruined him. In his despair, he came with his wife, to implore the charity of Voltaire, who enjoyed, all over franco a character for liberality ; and the assistance he wanted was to bave the decision 6ct aside. Voltaire, affected by his story, took the papers of the proceedings, and delivered them to M. Christin, his steward ; who, after having given them a careful perusal, was of opinion that those unhappy people had lost a good caus'e, and that the nullity of the proceedings left hope in an appeal. At this intelligence, Voltaire went into bis study, and returned, bearing in the lap of his dressing-gown three bags of a thousand francs each. ' There,' said he, to the unfortunate labourer, ' is something to compensate you for the wrongs you have suffered in a Court of Justice; a fresh law-suit would be a source of fresh trouble to you ; and if you are wise, you* will go to law no more. If you wish to establish yourself on my property, I will take care of you.' 'When Voltaire was informed of the distress of a young grand- daughter of the great Comeille, he took her. into his house, and treated her with the tenderness of a father. She had passed her infancy in a small village with her mother, employed in making osier baskets, which the father sold at tne market at Evreux. They were, however, obliged to go to Paris, and for a long time lingered in want ; until assuming the name of Comeille, they interested a company of actors, who gave them the benefit of a representation of Rodaguno, which served to pay their immediate debts. This relief was only temporary; and Voltaire was applied td in behalf of this family. lie instantly adopted Mademoiselle Cor neille *, and while Madame Denis was occupied in giving her education, Voltaire made arrangements for her future establishment in life. In order to effeefc this, he wrote a commentary on the works of Comeille, which had haen lung wanted to facilitate their perusal for foreigners. A subscription was opened for tho work, to which almost aU the nobility and crowned heads of Europe lent their as sistance. Dr. Fothergill. — Dr. John Fothergill, whose attach ment to botany was a leading feature in his character, hav ing noticed a spot of land suitable for a garden, on the Surrey side of the Thames, which was to dispose of, agreed for the price. One obstacle alone remained, to make it his own. It was let to a tenant at will, whose little family subsisted on its produce, and whose misery was inevitable, Lad he expelled him from his fruitful soil. The moment Dr. Fothergill was made acquainted with the circumstance, he broke oh' the bargain, saying that ' nothing could ever a £'ord gratification to him wliich entailed misery on an other;' and when he relinquished this projected fiden, he made the family a present of the intended purchase money, which enabled them to become proprietors, where they had fonnerlyonly beentenants at will. (Japtain(;arver,a man well known in the njinnlg of misery, as well as by his travels in North America, was reduced by long continued want to great indigence. Disease, its natural consequence, gave him access to Dr. Fothergill, who, as often as he applied for -medical relief, accompanied his prescription with a liberal donation. But Captain Carver was not an importu nate solicitor. The mind not hardened by familiarity of refusal, or that has not acquired by frequent struggles the art of suppressing its emotions, possesses that diffidence which is the inseparable associate of worth. Between diffi dence and want, many were the struggles of Captain Car ver; but overcome, at length, by repeated acts of the doctor's generosity j a fear of becoming troublesome to his benefactor determined him to prefer that want, rather than continue what he conceived intrusive. Death soon released him. When his fate was communicated to the doctor, he exclaimed, ' If I had known his distress, he should not thus have died.'* Privateering. — During the war with France, in 1780, Mr. Fox, a merchant of Falmouth, had a share in a ship, which the other owners determined to fit out as a letter of marque, veiy much against the wishes of Mr. Fox, who was a Quaker. The ship had the good fortune to take two French merchantmen, and the share of the prize money which fell to Mr. Fox was £1500. At the close of the war, Mr. Fox sent his son (who was soon afterwards elected physician to the Bristol Infirmary), to Paris, with the £1500, which he faithfully refundea to the owners of the vessels captured. The young gentleman, to discover the owners, was obliged to advertise for them in the Paris papers. In consequence of this advertisement, he received a letter from a small village near Nismes, in the province of Languedoc, acquainting him that a society of Quakers was established in that remote part of France, consisting of about ose hundred families ; that they were so much struck with this rare instance of generosity in one of their sect, that they were desirons to open a correspondence with him in England ; which immediately commenced. This society is' supposed to be a remnant of the ancient Albigenses against whom.sevcral persecuting crusades were instituted in tho reign of Philip tho Second, towards the close of the twelfth century. They were known to bave continued in the same place for upwards of a century, without main taining a correspondence with any other society. The Captive's Friend.— During one of the wars in India, Major Gowdie became Tippoo's prisoner, and was confined with many other gentlemen in Bangalore, where thby. suffered* every species of insult, hardship, and bar barity. A humane and beneficent butcher, whose busi ness led him often io tbe prison, saw and felt for their sufferings, for they had been stripped of their clothes and robbed of their money before they were confined. It would hafve cost the butcher his ears at least, and perhaps his life, he discovered any symptoms of pity for the prisoners before his countrymen. They were allowed only one seer ?office, and a pice or half-penny per daj^ for their sub sistence; but the butcher contrived to reueve their neces sities. Upon opening the sheeps' heads, . which they frequently bought of him for food, they were astonished to firta nagoaas in them. In passing the yard of their prison, he' often gave them abusive language, and threw balls of clay or dirt at thezq, as if to testify his hatred or contempt ; but on breaking the balls, they- always found that they contained a supply of money for thoir relief ; and this did he frequently for a long timet until the prisoners were released. | In the following 'war, Major Gojrdie was destined to attack Bangalore; and he had not long entered the breach, when he saw and recollected his friend the butcher. He ran with eagerness to embrace him, saved him from the carnage, and lea him to a place of safety. The transports of tlie two generous souls at their meeting gave the most pleasing sensations to all who beheld them ; it 'softened the rage cf the Boldiers, and made the thirst of blood give way to the soft emotions of humanity* Ehfres6 Catherine. — During- tho residence of Count d'Artois at St. Petersburg, ho received every description of i attention and politeness from the Sovereign he had come | to visit; as Catherine was anxious to show him that peculiar benevolence which a sensible mind f.eels for mis fortune. Being afterwards about to return to England, the Empress oraercd a frigate to be fitted up in a magnifi cent manner for his conveyance ; and the night before his departuro, die sent him forty thousand roubles in money, and a case filled with watcbcB and other jewellery. Tho present was accompanied with the following delicate note : — ' On the eve of quitting this country, your royal high ness will no doubt be desirous to make small presents to those who havo attended you during your .residence here ; but as you know, sir, that I have prohibited all commerce and coinmunication with France, you will seek such trifles in vain in this city ; ? they are not to be found in aU Russia, except in my cabinet. I trust, therefore, that your rovol highness will accept these from your affectionate friend.' Parental Sovereign.— In the years 1601 and 1603 Rus- sia experienced groat scarcity, and provisions were extremely dear. The 'spirit of tho times and tho want of intolligonco prevented the application of remodics suitable to the cir- i cumstonce ; but Boris Godounof, tho Czar, in this crisis, showed himself the truo father qf his people. He employed thousands in erecting large 6tono buildings, furnishing ; everything that was necessary, and giving thorn, wages cor respondent to tbo increased price ol the necessaries . of life ; ana ho distributed thirty thousand roubles daily for tho relief of tho poor. Ho at tho Bamo time compollod the boyars to lot him have tho overplus of their magazinos at half-price, to givo to tho poor. Thoso who, nofcwithstaud ing his care, perished in thie^ dreadful calamity , wero interred fthis own cxpenso, , , 