RELIGIOUS MEETINGS. BIBLE CHRISTIAN; DISTRICT MEETING. On Friday evening, February 25, a service wa3 held for the public recognition of Mr. C. Tresise as an approved Minister. The devo. tional proceedings were conducted hy the Rev. T. Piper; and the Rev. J. Way, who .'presided, explained that after a probationer had been ! received by the District Meeting, he was brought j before the congregation for public recognition i by vote of the people. He then called on Mr. C. Tresise to give a statement of his conversion, call to the ministry, and religious experience. Mr. Tresise said he was not unconscious of the important position he then occupied. He had never lived such solemn moments as recently, and hoped the act of that evening would be ratified in heaven. When very young he first felt convictions of sin; parental prayers made a deep impression on his mind, and a pious clergyman helped him to serious religious thoughts and feelings. These wore away, but subsequently the Bible Christian Ministry produced powerful convictions that led him to Jesus. In company with a brother now in heaven he was saved. Years after he felt a growing desire to preach; he gave himself to~preparation, and" a deep, clear, and powerful C0nvi 0t i 0I1 came that his whole life was to be devoted to the ministry. He left England for this Coi on3rj and the impressions followed him. i He could not g^g them off, and, having obtained a fecommendati'on from his circuit, he entered the work. He had realized many proofs of God's favour; no evidence could be clearer than his assurance of salvation. He.hoped to: labour in the Bible Christian Church as long as God gave him breath to' preach, the Gospel of Jesus Christ. . T he ' Rev. _S. Keen moved therecognition of Mr. C. Tresise as a minister of the Bible Christian Church. He said none could could foresee the consequences of their act that night. It was apostolic teaching that they should " lay hands suddenly on no man." They acted on this inspired counsel. The Church must recommend. Year after year the probationers were subject to strict examinations to test their mental and spiritual attainments, i The final examination at the end of four years was minute and careful. He believed Mr. Tresise had qualifications for the work; he was converted. This was the first and highest qualification. They appreciated intellectual attainments, but these, however great, were worthless without spiritual power. He had every confidence in the young minister before them, and with much pleasure proposed his recognition. The Rev. J. Roberts seconded. Mr. Tresise was first appointed to labour with him. He knew something of his life, and had heavd good reports from the other stations to which he had been appointed. The Rev. J. Stoyel was called on to support the recognition. He observed that the Church was the highest institution 1 on earth, and her ministry was of divine appointment. None should enter it but as drawn by. divine influence ; they should be persons of the highest qualifications. Careful training was necessary for his high vocation; the Apostles were trained by three years' instruction and example by the best of teachers—their Lord and Master. The brother before them had been thoroughly tested. In comparative isolation from brethren, surrounded with many difficulties, he had earnestly laboured for three years on mission ground. He knew something, of his private and public life, and was pleased with the fervency of his devotions, and earnestly hoped he would be favoured with a long. ana successful life. With great pleasure he supported this proposed recognition. The resolution was unanimously carried. The Chairman gave Mr. Tresise the right hand of fellowship, and presented him with a copy of the Holy Scriptures, which he hoped would be his daily study, his guide and comfort through life. The Rev. J. Ashton then delivered the charge. After referring to his having himself occupied a similar position 27 years ago, when he with four others listened to an address delivered by one since dead, and remarked upon his feelings and determination then, the speaker proceeded to enlarge upon the work undertaken, its greatness and responsibility. He urged the necessity for purity of life, self-denial, consecration, enthusiasm, fidelity, and imitation of Christ in hatred of sin and love of holiness. He then dwelt upon the themes which were to form the groundwork for the preacher, and spoke of the hindrances and encouragements in presenting the truth to hearers. Passing on, mention was made ofthe qualifications requisite in a minister, and the need for persevering lifelong study' and constant patience. He then proceeded— " Think no effort too great and no privation hard that will aid you in the attainment of knowledge, and most of all let your knowledge be of the Bible, and such as will assist you to unfold and illustrate its meaning, and to enforce its obligations. Be not satisfied with mere fragments, valuable as they may be. Try to descend below the surface to principles that underlie the rules, precepts, and examples. Search for truth as for "hidden treasure." Know it in its usual or common mode of exhibition, and also in its deeper abstraction and essence, but give it only in the former in your regular ministrations. Your auditors will generally look for the truth, the bread and water of life, rather than the processes of your possessing yourself of it. To know the technicalities of theology is well, the better to see the propositions and relations of truth, and the better to be enabled to present it to others in its simple beauty and eternal blessedness. In preaching, the less dogma the better. It should be clear, and plain, and suggestive, rather than dictatorial. Man need not, nor should he give forth his dictum, yet he should speak solemnly and authoritatively the truth as it is in Jesus." Farther on he said—"There is danger of our being satisfied with sincerely setting Christ and His claims before our hearers, just as a teacher of science does his truths, leaving greatly to them the acceptance or the rejection. But this will not do. If it be teaching, it is hardly preaching. We must ' beseech sinners in Christ's stead to be reconciled to God.' We must feel as if the perishing, and, indeed, all men, were a part of ourselves; and in the deepest sympathy, with a holy enthusiasm, lovingly urge entire submission to and full acceptance of Christ. If well and faithfully done, preaching is a large if not the largest part of a minister's work. But there is much besides to be done. There must be constant watching to prerent the coming in of evil from without, as well as to prevent the rising up of evil from within, where the good seed has been sown in honest hearts. Here "the elders of the Church" should keep vigilant eye, and unite with the minister to carry and to feed " the lambs of the flock." Later, he remarked—" Humanity is so Weak, so erring, so self-willed, so conceited, so bent on evil, and ' our adversary the devil' is so present and ready to add thereto, that evil will come in. 'Offences will come.' Much patience and forbearance is necessary, and much wisdom to crush evil in the bud. The perfection of the Scripture and of Christ is the lofty standard to which we must look and to which we must point,- and then humbly and patiently wait for the ripe corn in the ear. ' Feed my lambs, feed my sheep,' said Christ. To all give their portion of meat in due season, never wearying nor wavering, in well-doing. Ever in 'deed and word' be a true 'counsellor and guide.' Many then will follow, will be saved, and be the crown of your rejoicing for ever. Beyond things strictly sacred you will have some responsibilities in relation to the discipline and secularities of the Church. Be \- . , . _ , . . no noviM m such thrngB. Take m to your view ; the universal Church; but specially that' . portion of it of which you are a minister, j In Church polity and government expediency ' seems rather to be the law than any positive command or set example. That is "the best that ^ S t a f f l S «ew > »'out ofl^ from the Church «MPt£»lsbai«ztr»urtoawB, if thenbear «nd fortwar long. Uvercoiab evil with good. ^ ^ ^ f b ^ ^ ^ 1 ^ 8 1 ^ ^ t^th^d right by lore, ^elsemayfail; hel^Z slow ^d backS: ^thf^ Jelpth.3 s)low aid ^ ^ H*?}^*' _ a n , d delight. They must not be feared, but defied and contemned. Love of ease, must be overcome by the fire, and life, and power of 'Christ in you, the hope of glory.' Sin and iniquity, however multiform and however archly and artfully posted against Christ and his universal reign on the earth, must be in the name.of the Lord assailed m its own citadel, and there may be no truce or compromise, ompromise. 'To h ™ ?Y er y knee shall bow. ' All nations mh™, shall call him" blessed.' All error, whether total or partial, whether coarse or subtle, and whether popularly called good or evil, must be constantly opposed with the truth in love, the truth in precept, in rule, in' practice, or example. The truth lived must be living truth, and cannot be hidden long. 'Letyour light so thine before men. Jthat they may see your good works and glorify your Father which is in heaven.'.. But. heart evil is the greater foe and enemy to the reign of Jesus Christ the Lord; and love, God's love in Christ Jesus, is its conqueror. It has conquered, it does now conquer, it shall conquer till all shall know him 'whom to know is life eternal. How important well to live the life ftf earth; great as are its responsibilities, there is no need to despair. ' Our sufficiency is of God;' His rod and staff comfort. He says,' 'I am with you alway; my grace is sufficient for thee; be faithful; I will give thee a crown of life.' Seek and expect the Holy Ghost's spirit to comfort and to guide you into all truth; God's providence over you shal},.be gracious and- good. Never:forget it is for God., you live, for God you labour—that you live and labour^ that man," your brother, may be brought, hack " to love- a£ul loyalty to Christ; , brought to -purity and, peace through Christ., Let your eye be single: let your aim be great ; let your hope be ardent j iet'Christ be .all and J in all. Ever -remember your high and holy calling. To enemies without , or within come not'down. To Sa;tari, to sin, to the world, to the flesh, to all that would divert you from 'your work of faith and ; your labour of love,' say, 'I am doing a great work, so that I cannot come down.' May God Almighty bless and help you my .brother, and may you ever be richly anointed with the unction of the Holy Ghost." 