To the Editor of the Northern Aroos Sir, — On perusing tho report of tho Municipal Conn- oil business of yostorday, I noticed that a petition (signed by sixty-sevon ratopnyers) was presented - AUlorman Munro, praying that Frank Humphrey allowed to ply a luggage boat at tho Lower FwT, Now,' I am not a personal friund of Humphrey's, but I Iiko to sco tho interest of tlio nublio taken intn eideration when practicable, nnd" I think the Council would bo conferring a great boon on tbo public by granting permission to Humphreys as requested, he being tlio iirst to open up tho quoslion. Having hud ' :o conversation wit.li him, ho iuforinod mo tliut he was ' prepared to oroct a pontoon Br'dgo (su' table for foot- passungers and light voliiole traffic) across tho Fitzroy at tbo' foot ot Dcnham-street, providing the' Oouncil : would ullow him the bonefit.of tlio tolls ohargeable for crossing tho bridgo for a period of not loss than three years, at n rato to bo ilxod by tlicm. It occurs te nia if Humphreys inado such n proposal to tho CornutT- tion, it would bo favorably ontortainod by them. By inserting the ubovo you will oblige, ... Yours. AC- progress. Weagrea with our correspondent, the momorisl pre. sentod by 67 ratepayers, demanded, to say tho lsast'of it, a littlo more" courtesy at the hands of t.lio' Oouneii. It is absolutoly nooossary that greater accommodation should bo given to tlio publio, and as Humphreys was willing to afford it,, and no one else offered, »o cons' ceive that tlio request ought to have been grantod. ; Tlio proposition iimdo by Humpliroy's to erect a pon toon bridgo is u bold ono, and we h ippon to know that lia lias booh prepared for eomo time past to carry tho plan into oporation upon fair and reasonable teruis. If tbo Corporation And upon inquiry that the proposi tion is made in oarncst, and that proper sacuritioi can be given that tho work will be carried out, what excuse cau tho Council inak5 for not accepting tlio offer? Not only would tlio accommodation bo complete ; not only would all troubles, armoyancos and losses 6s avoided, but the Corporation would in three 'years time becomo possessed of n payable bridge, freo of cost. Tlio annual profits dorivod from the fcrriosaro exceedingly small after deducting expenses, and no public money would bo required to repair the steam punt, or to build u new. one. Therefore, wo press upon tlio Council tho advisability of giving Hum phrey's offer n culm and bu'siuoss like consideration before tboy adopt any other plan. — Ed. N.A.J , " ' >-.. -.. : to tub editor of the northern arod8. , Sib — I have noticed several times in your ' paper Hist raids liavo boun inudoi nguinst tlvo goats in this town. Most of us living m Rot kliuinpton will undoubtedly admit that the gout nuisanee is a grout ono ; but I feel sure that many will agree with me -when I say that the dog nuisance is a greater one. When walking along ' most of the streets /of Rockhauipton we are inces santly annoyed by myriads of curs, winch amuse them selves by rushing out from i he shops - niid hottiN »» puss, barking and snapping ut our heels, udded to which I hoy uot only makd night hideous with almost iiiuossunt howling! but they uro positively a source of danger to many. No Inter than yostorday I was wit ness to an accident causod ' by ouc of thesu vrrotchod 1 ours. A nnsii wus driving a horsu when v -piping cur run out Buddonly from u colt ago the reSsW/os, that tbo horse boltod, and tho man wub thrown, Tuctily un injured. .The only remedy I sec for abating this nui- sunco'is to treble tlio .present register fee, or crcn to clinrgo us much us 5s. pev annum for cucli dog (which fee, l fool sure, anyone having a really good dog will uot hesitate to pay), and to destroy all dogs which have not boon registered ; by which means we may got rid of these curs that are cruising about oar streets to the annoyance of all passengers. I should - bo the lust to wish for an univorsul raid against all dogs. In fuet I may say that no ono can have a greater liking' for a good dog than myself, and if flu regulations I huvo prosposod were oiiforeed, one of the j iirst to willingly pay the increased fee would be ; ' Yours. Ac... .. MASTIFF. Alive in tiib Dead-house. — Tho San Francisco Alia California gives un uceount of tho cxporioace of a German who was supposod to liavo died in that city, ; and whoso body was imihediulcty -rciiiorod aiul pis -en :3 in ilia doad-houso 'attached - to the hospital in wlueh he had been under treatment : — "The body wus deposited in a caso where two o'lier bodies bud already broa ' . placed,; and between them. ; Tho cover was put on and \ the kooper of tlio dead-housei retired for -the night About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of tbo / most. unearthly character was heard in the dead-house. The kooperof the ddnd- houso wii's so'ugiit after, but being aware of what ho was required to do, lio sought con- . ceulment, profurring to let tho ghosts flglit it out among iheiiiselves rather tliuu atteuipt toibeeoms ® peace maker. AVlien at last lie was prevhilcd-uponia .prooood to tho dcad-hbuBo and opon t-lio door, the % ghostly form of the Gorman, wlioso . life had been a -f fow hours previously pronounced extinct, and who had & .been dressed in tho robo of tlio.dead, stood before him. ® Tlio keeper fainted outright, while the terr.floil German & rushed headlong through tho long halls and co ndors & of the building, spreading dismay and terror si he % went. Some moro courageous thun tho rest caught intf-S1 arrostod liim in his frantic career, but the next instmtS'. tho poor Gorman tell on tho floor in a fit. lbs physician vyus sent for, nnd restoratives nsod, by which ffif. lib wot ' restored to consciousness.1, How lie, felt whin p.; lio rotur.ind to consciousness wo givo as' he told it fc, himself : — ' Veil, von I got sick "and van in bod that daj. S-: tlio doctor eamo to nieand said I vas very aitk, Hs |fc. vont away,, and after ho vent I fell aslrop. I hr.e« nothing moro till I|voko jn' do .night, and ,thero was w light. I put out my liund, and could got nobed-'clothw ' for I vas cold. ' I ilen put out my hand to vono'side to A try for tho bod-olothos, and, oeh, vat you think got— 'J ' a (load man ! ." Dero ho vas, cold cnoi'gl: sure. 1 rostw mid all the bower I- had, and vas going avsy hy tl» & oi lier eido, vrn' snro, I put my hand on another. Then 1| roared, und caUod, and eriod out all I could, and tw ® ; I vas getting up my head struck a board that voscorerinj « '.me. . ,'Oh,"-eaid 1," votdoea ihismoaipvqrooui/? An ;4',j I doad ?" and roared and bawled; ond-threvr off UJ .cover and jumpou about as if I Tab mid- v® -- khooke'd at- the door vidniy haiids and feet,- but liobw would open it for mo, and I tliouglitl vas dea l B1I ' I'v'ns liot shuro ' I had tho dead mans dress on ma At last'tho doorioponod, and von I looked at , d'1'®'' vat oponod it ho foil down mid fear, and I'ran4i|l caught.' Then : I: fainted, and von I ooipo )b;nt.t'el' s.iiv; thought it vas a. dream. But it ns trup at, I how.'" : ; .i'.i-nv, .4 A Specimen Laeourbr.— On May 2, at the'WhPL -| Sessions, a ease was hoard in whioh tW0Cit\\.eL Lv ; John Sauudors and Thomas Hammond, ofl/ow.:/ Bucks, were charged with assultiug a toll'to'c.r' ' !-| Baker Smith; for tho defence, wished "'f4 . v». I P'S defendant to give? evidenoe on behalf of.lho ol ' Tho bench acquioseed, and Hammond na' P1?"0 igfef. wituoss-box, when, tho following strange co!lb<lu'j plnco : — Tho clerk — From what I know cflhiack men I think I -must licsitato beftttaftagP'S' ..kl PS'-f1 (To Witnosa)-do .you know AYitnoss (rubbing— hi head) — I -W""" :;"? ? mean. The;olork— Can: you read — have you row , i?--.ste; Bible P Witnoss — No. Tho clerk— Can you pp.; AVitnosa— No. Tlio-Clerk— AVoll, you kuow J» nnmo; how do yon opull that P Witness— Tho- elerk— Havo you ever been to church P< " Yea, ouco 'or twieo .when I wua a joungu"' jj(. | Chairman -AVo oannot take tlint man's c'1', „ Smith. - Mr. Smith — But, air, ho cannot huso ( that' I will put tho questions in a (MM1 . jfct (To AVitnoso)— Now, my.; man, toll mo, 7oU life? in future rewards. and punishments? AVitnoif moro perplexed than ever,, and did not eiww' Smith—Oomo, havo you over, lienrd of j 7 _ «s , devil P Witness— I dnn'no. Mr. pC i. - ,1' know how old you cry P Witness— 1-®?. , Iwentv. Mr. Smith— I think I must giw.mm. worships. Tlio " witness" was then order J . :-V down. Tliis intellectual speeiman of J|UIU iore(l ; ;;,j; tliero uio many like him iu Rucks), is in ",ec ' Mr. Roberts, luiydouler, Ac., of Loudwotd' g , ' PSomotiok!— Tlioi "youngest morabor of this group . of oolonioa is (says Iho Australasian) passing through I tlio discasos of childhood, and is already Hickcning with Iho protectionist nionslos. Itis not an ngreenble sight to witnoss, fortlio eruption is both disfiguring and (lis- | torting j and tlio poor patient is ycry fractious while tho malady lasts, and remains in a dobilatcd condition for a lohg time aftonvard9. A hostile majority in tho Quconsliud Assembly, led by Mr. Macnlistcr. hns pro nounced ngninst tho Government, and in favor of pro tection i and tho defeated Ministry lutvo askod tor a dissolution in order that tho country may pronouneo a deflnito opinion'upon tho question of freo l.rndo and progress, or restriction and retrogression. .Living in a glass hottso ourselves, it does not hecomo us. to hurl cubos ofibluestono against tho vitreous roof which sheUorsjtejjiMSjn.vlamlo rs ) but wo cannot rofrnin rrom asking sfift.lho " nativo industry" which our friends in tho north propose to protect P Do they mean to imposo an import duty on raw cotton, or to qundruplo tho tax upon sugar p Is tho production of pineapples nnd bannnns and prcsorrcd meats to bo encouraged by a swinging impost on West Indian fruits, tinned sal- mon/pjd driod hntldock P Or do tho Longmores nnd CopFff llrisbano believe that tlioy have only to re vise tho. tariff, in order to eonvort that . , city into nil Australian Manchester, with 110 end of cotton-mills weaving print drosses and pious pockctliandkorcliiefs for the use of the semi-savage islnndorB of Polynesia:? Of all tho absurdities under lieavon, surely nothing can transcend tho absurdity of n number of persons nboul equal' to -tho population of Nowcnstlo-on-Tyiie,: and sparsoly scattered ovor tliofaco of a country twelvo times largo ns England and Wnlos, culling out for pro tection, and' adopting tlint miserably delusivo word as a hustings cry ut a general elcotion. Protection for what and ngninst whom P Protection for tho wool- groircr. tho cotton-planter, tho gold, digger, or tho rum- distiller P, .Who is tho odious foreigner .whoso com merce'- is to bo discouraged, and- who arc. tho fnvorod persons who are to be tenderly sheltered from tho rough blasts of 'competition P Wo arj told tlint when Ferdinand III. died, and escaping purgatory, reached lionvcn. Santiago presented him to tho Virgiii, who was so pleased to seo him Unit she fold hirii to ask any favors fur tho kingdom of Spain which ho thought proper. So ho petitioned for, ojl,.icorn1 nnd wine. Conceded. For sitn'tiy skies -and 'p'rot ty women. Al lowed. t . For. cigars, relic's,/ garlic, and' bulls. By all (ncniis.' "For ; o good 1 'government.'-— I" Nay, iiny," ririili the Virgin', " thai- wriuld never? do;i'i Grunt you that, rind not riti angel wmtld rcmriiivn dny longbr in Hcaycn," l'rovidenco has booil equal ly boun ti I'ul to tho' whole of theso colonies; but the crowning boon bus been withheld. In our cup of joy " surgit iimari illiquid and tho bitter something is bad — or inoro correctly speaking "ignorant government. The Fight fou the cifajtrioksnip of Amekioa at New Orleans,— Miico and Allen, both men and . their fridnds loft at five in tho morning' There:\vas a large' crowd — ; among them, proiiiinont merchants' lawyers, pliysiciaus, ex-ofliccra of tho Union and Con- . federate armies, from tho grado of General1 down, and well- known sporting moii from all; the country, Seventy of the Metropolitan ; police accompanied, the train to prscrve order.. Tho train ' consisted of ten passenger coaches ', nnd 700 passengers, most of whom were of' the better class of citizens. Tho mouthers of (Chicago'' -'Base : Bull- -Club were nmongst. the '.excursionists,' 1 '1 he ( train proceeded. > to n point three7 miles above Kinnersville parish, where' the. party; disembarked. Betting was three to live on ' Mace, -though Allen's friends were" very confident. The' weather was elear and' pleasant. Both men wero in splendid \- condition. Aliens woight,'l73' ;,; Maco; 168. -At -880 time was called, and-both men/came to "the ' ring, ; First .found— cine ytimei wad .tsonwttCi hi feinting ; both - men smiling; Ma'ctfjlmife the first Flow, hitting Allen under the right eye, wlib got away: laughing. ' Mace hit Allen in tho .nose slightly' and claimed blood, which was not allowed. ,,-Both 'tneh went down, Allen' under.'1 Second round— r Allen led off on Mace's; -forehead ; Maco returning, on Allen's mouth ; .first blood for Macc. Severo fighting ensued, Allen getting , in two heavy blows near Mace's stomach. Maco foil short in lutting. Allen's, neck', ...the latter on Mace's, breast/ Msco then .got otip under Allen's 'left eye," and then a severe cut' on the right eye, Ajlen going. down, Third , round — Allen ".struck Mace lightly, the latter going, down,.- Fourth . round— aatno" as last. Fifth round-H- Allen sent in a blow under Mace's right arm.. The' latter returning, Allen, slipped .down, but roso 'up quickly, when they clenched Mnce threw, Allen. Sixth round.— Tliero was some little, sparriugj when the i men . again clenched, Allen throwing ' Maco, and falling oni him heavily.' The claims -of foul wore. not allowed. Seventh | round.— In '' this round, Allen's right eye' \vari completely 'closed, Mace getting in a heavy blow ou Allen's nose. Allen thcu gave Mnee Wbbdy blow.' Quick in terchanges ensued both men Jailing together. Eighthround— Thbnieiiclenched, Mncegetting in several—blows; and was then thrown by Allen. Ninth round— A slight hit, for Alien 1 then struck Maco ia heavy blow under ibe left oar, knocking , him clean, down.. The first' knock down for Allen. Tenth and last rouind Allen gave Maco a body blow, ' and then after feigning some time both rested several seconds then coming, up, Allon hit Mace, the latter : returning, with.. two heavy cuts under Allen's left peeper, the, blood.. flowing freely. The men agnin' retired against the: Btakes, 'going to their corners, when they were sponged j off. . They advanced 'f again, nnd then hard fighting ensued, The men clenched and fell',, heavily,' Mace's arm round Allen'B neck. Allen was carried to' his corner. -Time1 was called wnen ; Co, burn threw .up the sponge, saying that Allen's arm. was dislocated. ' Maco was tlion ; declared vyinner .,' in forty- five" minutes. Allen was badly punished about the, face, hut Maco was without a scratch. Tho crowd was very orderly. ' ' ' 1 ; M < ' 