PARLIAMENTARY BUSINESS. It is understood that Parliament will be pro rogued either this, or at the beginning of next week, the Ministry being determined to bring the session to an abrupt termination, for wise purposes, no doubt. It is good to exercise wisdom at nil times, but it is just possible that over wisdom, arising from selfishness, may, and often does, more harm than good. Mr. Cowper is, doubtless, a good diplomatist, but with all his tact he otten misses his aim, and if we are not mistaken, he has missed it on this occasion, by determining to bring the proceedings of Parliament to a close before its most impoitant business''- has been gone through. At the opening of the Session, the Premier pledged himself to introduce certain measures, which it would be desirable to pass ere a prorogation took place, but it is now quite evident that the lion, gentleman did not really mean to fulfil his promise, although it seemed to have been made in all good faith. In all probability, Mr. Cowper intended to exhaust the programme of business at first drawn up, but finding that matters did not .proceed so smoothily in the House as he might have anticipated, he deemed it the best policy to deviate from the course he originally intended to pursue, by an early prorogation, with a promise that Parliament would again be called together not later than the middle of August. One of the measures that has been shelved, in consequence of tliia piece of manoeuvering, is the Immigration Bill, res pecting which Mr. Cowper manifested such concern when the subject was, at first, mooted in Parliament. In justice to Mr. Cowper we are constrained to acknowledge that he ex hibited great sincerity as to the propriety of introducing a healthy scheme of immigration to tho colony from the moment 'Mr. Lloyd made his immigration motion in the House, and had the Premier been permitted to follow his own dictum in the matter, we have no doubt he would have prolonged the sitting of Parliament until the bill was either passed or finally rejected. Tho Immigration Measure, AU.L. \^uwf.»er uicaiij auw, who u liuk. imi uuu — lor the Premier is not destitute of foresight — and being so, thought it would be unsafe to insist upon its being taken into consideration until a more convenient season presented itself. Dilatoriness is certainly one of Mr. Cowper's failings, and a very uncommendable failing it is. His aversion to ' look things straight forward in the face' is proverbial ; and although he has been out of official harness for a period of three years or upwards, he seems to have still retained his old character istic. Why so beneficial a measure to the colony as immigration should have been post poned till next session is a mystery which the Premier himself can best solve, although there are both legislators and non-legislators who appear to understand well the motive by which the Colonial Secretary was actuated when he decided to dispense with the bill for the present. The Immigration Bill, as well as the report of the select committee in re ference to it, were made public about a fort night or three weeks ago, and no sooner was this done than several members of the Legis lative Assembly expressed themselves dissatis fied wi,th certain clauses in the bill, guarded as it seemed to have been worded. Against these alleged objectionable clauses, one mem ber (Mr. Jennings) entered a protest, in which six or seven more of the representatives con curred. The Premier at once perceived that unanimity could not be ensured, and that it would be better to defer the measure till next session than to incur the displeasure of some of the ministerial supporters at a time when their support was urgently needed. The dodge has thus been so well concocted and piactised that it has served Mr. Cowper's pur pose for the present, but it will not- perform the same service for him always. - Next session, the measure will be again introduced, and the Premier must theu confront the dissentients of the bill, few or numerous though they may be. Had lie gone on with the Itn. migration Bill now, he would have likely met with less opposition than ho will next session, and his consistency would not have been violated in the way it has. If immigra tion is essential to the advancement of the uolony— as undoubtedly it is, and as Mr. Cowper well knows — why should the matur ing of a scheme for increasing our population be not immediately effected when there is nothing to be gained by delay 1 Were the bill to be passed at once, the immigration machinery might be set in motion in less than three months hence, and the first vessel with immigrants might reach our shores ere the termination of the current year ; but now that the matter is to remain in abeyance for several months, at least, the prosperity of the colony, as legards immigration, must be correspondingly checked. Another important measure tha.t has been shelved is the repeal of the newspaper post age, which, according to the reiterated pro mises of Messrs. Cowper, Robertson, and Parke's, was to have been effected long ago, and for the fulfilment of which promises the country at large has been looking for some considerable time past. Ministers seem to attach little importance to their promises, or they would not violate them so frequently as they do. The Cowper Administration are well aware that the newspaper postage is an exceedingly unpopular tax, but they are evi dently as much afraid of repealing it as they are of expediting the passing of an immigra tion law; A few insignificant acts have been passed during the present session, and although the Ministry would fain make it appear that much work has been done, we cannot endorse their assertion. Had less petty acts, aud more important laws, been passed than there has been, we should not hesitate to compli ment the Government upon such an improve ment) in .legislation, but when we find that the country will be little benefitted by the proceedings of the session, we are not disposed to lavish praise where it is not deserved. Let us, however, hope, that Mr. Cowper will, on the reassembling of Parliament, in August, bring forward, as early as possible, the mea sures he has so ingeniously managed to post pone till then. Ecclesiastical. — The Rev. John M'Leod, late of the Hastings Kiver, has accepted a call from tho Presbyterians at Grafton and Ulmarra, Clarence River, in connection with the Synod of Eastern Australia. Mr. M'Leod proceeds to his new sphere of usefulness in a fortnight or throe weeks hence. NORTHUMBEU.LA.ND INSURAVCE COMPANY. — The preliminary arrangements in connection with this company having been completed, the pros pectus will appear in Saturday's Chronicle. Theatre Royal. — Bourcicault's fine drama, entitled ' The Colleen Bawn, ' was produced on Monday night to a crowded house, and to two very large audiences on Tuesday aud Wednesday night. It may be remarked as one of the most successful pieces played at this theatre, and the cast could not be improved upon ; it introduced Mr. H. Flyun in one of his celebrated Irish characters. The part taken by him was Miles Na Coppaleen, and he certainly did great justice to it without at all overdoing it. Tho warm hearted Irishman, with his quaint and witty sayings, were well exemplified, and drew forth roars of laughter and applause. Miss Maggie Oliver's Eily O'Connnor (The Colleen Bawn) was well conceived and acted. The scene where she takes the oath to Father Tom was well rendered and was loudly applauded, as was also her singing in the pretty song the ' Cruiskeen Lawn.' The part of Hardrcas' Cregan waB played with great ability by Mr. Leonard, and with great credit to this rising young actor. Mr. Anderson took the character of Father Tom exceedingly careful, giving the audience an exact idea of the true fatherly priest, without the boisterous and rollicking manner in|which it is often depicted. Mr. S. Chambers, in the character of Danny Mann, d*»i not appear to so much advantage as we hare heretofore seen him. Miss Amy Chambers took the part of Ann Chute exceedingly well, and the rich heiress was cleverly represented by her. Miss Leighton appeared to great advantage in the character of Mrs. Cregan, aud in the sceno where her son (Hardreaa) was being searched for, for the supposed murder of the Colleen Bawn, she was loudly applauded. Mr. J. M'&uinness; represented Kyrle Daly. Mr. Alexander, as tho shrewd Irish lawyer (Mr. Corrigau;, played his part well. Sheelah was well enacted by Mr. Jamieson. Owing to tho length of the drama, there was no afterpiece. To-night, the nautical drama, [entitled ' Jenny Foster, or, the Mari ner's Return,' is to be played ; and, by particu lar desire, the sensational drama, entitled 'Temptation, or, the Fatal Brand,' together with a laughable farce, are to bo performed to morrow evening. A Yankee Advocate. — Tho following spocimen of a spread-eagle lawyer's eloquence needs no comment:— ' Gentlemen of tho jury — Tho Scripture saith, ' Thou shalt not kill !' Now, if you hang my client, you trans gress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gents ? murder is murder, whether committed by twolve jurymen or an humble individual like my client having killed a man j but ia that any reason why you should do so ? No such thing, gen tlemen ; you may bring tho prisoner in guilty, the hangman may do his duty, but that will nut exonerate you. No such thing. In that case you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow to-day ? Who, freemen— who in this land of liberty and light ? Gentle ?men, I will plodgo my word not one of you hnsa bowie pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. You can Binoko the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience; but hang my unfortunate olient, and tho scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principal animal viscera, until the spiral vertebrw of your anatomical constiuotion is turned into a railroad for the grim nnd gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing! Beware, I say, of meddling . with the eternal prerogative ! Gentlemen, I adjure you by the manumitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder. I adjure you by the namo of woman, tho mainspring of tho ticking time-piece of time's theoretical cranamigration, to do no murder ! I adjure you, for the love you have for the esculent and condimental gusto of our native pumkin, to do no murdor! I adjure you, by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated country— I adjuro you by tho American ongle, that whipped the universal game-cock of creation, and now Bits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder ! And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you— if you ever expect to wear boots of the Rocky Mountain Buffalo— and, to Bum up all, if you over expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut-throated, braided, uninll ends of humanity, whitthed down to imlistinctibility, acquit my client, and save your oountry,' The prisoner was acquitted. 