SOME OF THE ADVANTAGES OF A TECHNICAL EDUCATION. THE Hobart Town of May 11. In commenting upon a lecture on the above subject, recently delivered in Hobart Town, by Dr. Bleasdale, says:- "As Dr. Bleasdale lectured, he wore lectured, on his finger a bla« sapphire—the modest, bat appropriate decoration of a man of science and discovery. It was a jewel with a story—rich and beautiful as worn— richer in the tale it could telL This stone was originally found at Talbot, in Victoria, by a miner who was engaged in washing op dirt. It had a peculiar glitter, that suggested the idea of Value—an idea of a r«ry Tagoe and indefinite character. At all erents, it was worth picking np and carrying away. The finder brought it to Geefong, parted with it to a watchmaker for a few shillings. From Gealong it travel led to Melbourne, and got into the hands of a lapidary, who offered 30s. for it After wards £3 was offered by a Victorian Mining Surreyor; bat the holder of the gem, thoagh unaware of its Value, would not accept less than £5, and, in conse quence, kept it in his possession for some time. When the Melbourne Exhibition was held it was purchased by Dr. Bleas dale for seventy shillings, but the value of it was still an unknown quality. Owing to the want of skill with which it had been treated, even the leading lapidaries in England to whom it had been sent did not recognise it at first—any more than the great mvan, Dr. Ounther, recognised the salmon and trout from Tasmania. They knew it when they took it out of its setting, by which its virtue had been hidden; and breaking off a bit of it, so as to obtain a proper angle of refrac tion—which is coincident with the angle of crystallisation—were enabled, unmis takably, to identify the real blue sapphire— a stone of great price. Here, then, was a gem rescued from the waste, after all the chances of being lost, which ignorance had given to it. And how many similar treasures are daily thrown away, simply for want of the technical education which Dr. Bleasdale advocates—a certain knowledge of which, there is reason to believe, would detect what are " common things" amongst us, yet articles of price when placed in the market. If, in this direction, the training of children were more cultivated; if many of the presently useless branches of education were re placed by lessons which taught the prac tical art of detecting natural forms of wealth, where they existed unsuspected or uncaredfor; school teaching would serve a better use than it does. Like many other men having an idea, and pushing it into acceptance, Dr. Bleasdale may, per haps, have a mind a little too preoccupied and engrossed with his own thought. He may be guilty of some excess when be deprecates an education that consists in largely teaching children a know ledge of geographical details, of the topography of districts which they are never likely to visit, or have any practical connection with, and of other matters that stand outside the common life of the majority of us. Even Dr. Bleasdale disports himself sometimes, we shall not be rash in saying, with the lighter and more playful phases of science, with the beauties of literature, with the softer and serener aspects of a Nature which has a charm to the eye and to the hurt, independent of its structural organism. The true man of science—the real devout worshipper in the temple where matter is tta shrine, not the divinity —will ratae another education for the training of man than that merely tech nical, and admit that a culture of Nature, which sees the divine in everything, may in its way be a* elevating in fitting many, or most of us for being good and intelligent members of society, as the study of the strata of the rocks, and the curfjpts of the winds. But that in the main the views enunciated are those of a practical common-sense wUdonu and that, whilst not filling the whole place of a lad's education or a man's what is technical should have a large part assigned it, may be accepted as a sound principle for our guidance. Dr. Bleasdale reviews the machinery we have for carrying out this end ; and furnishes some hints—cer tainly not without their value to us—as to the betterorganisation of our Museum, which is an institution formally dedicated to the education of the people in material things. His complaint is that there is no classifica tion, and that without classification there can be no true useful education; that the object aimed at cannot be gained so long at there is a mere collection of specimen! each having an interest of its own —and each an illustrative interest, if it were duly classed. By the study of specimens to classed, be maintains that men can alone be prepared when they go abroad amid the great collection of Nature, to pick their steps with intelligence and interpret aright the signs surrounding them. He tells us instances of men who, taught in the prac tical school of mining, encountered by chanoe on some occasion, in Victoria, some sample of quartz from New Zealand. They handled a little bit, made some casual in quiries, and nothing more was beard of them for some time—when news came of the opening up of the Thames gold-field, since found to be one of the richest in Australasia. This the lecturer attributed not to any high or advanced geological training, but to technological education which had taught familiarity with common objects, their uses and their signs. What is true of geological science is true of all the other natural departments. The keen practised eye is quick to detect properties capable of being turned to the uses of man. Such was the eye that at the Intercolonial Exhibition, Melbourne, had noticed the piece of jarrah wood that had been submerged for seventeen years in water, the hard endur ing substance, which afterwards led to the conclusion of large and profitable railway contracts. In Tasmania, Dr. Bleasdale said, the technically educated eye would have a wide field for the discovery of useful substances, and the technically trained mind abundant scope for reasoning inductively from one discovery to another, and thus illustrating and utilising the great connected links which make up the chain of nature. There were facts known of Flinders' Island, from which an education of this character could draw suggestive inferences, enough to set afloat an enterprise, and lead it on to its reward. The topaz had been found there, and on the system under which gem-gifts are dis tributed, the diamond is found where the topaz is present—and gold in contiguous veins. Neither may exist largely. Many varieties of accident may dominate over details, of which we know nothing. But the association itself, if not an invariable, is an ordinary law, making the exception to it a thing to be accounted for. It is the case in the Brazilian gold-fields, and, in deed, in all the known gold-field in the world, that the blue topaz is a witness of the existence of golck The yellow topaz is no indication whatever. And here is a distinction which a technical education b needed to appreciate. And in this dis tinction may lie all the difference in the basis of an enterprise that shall be founded on a sure, and one resting on a fallacious induction. Aiasd to Albset Edwabd.—lf the oWvsr Indian journalist who oonoooted the letter from "Alfred to Albert Edward," which wt> repuMished lrom the Madras Mail, had hap pened to visit Melbourne during the put few a»T«, says the be would hare derived infinite amusement from an examinatian of tht) files of the oonntry newspaper* which have come to band during that time. By a strange) ooincidenoe nearly the whole of theM ing enuooc journals hare reoeirod a oopj of the Madra* Mail of March SO, almoit on the tame day that we did, and they nearly all re-published iA»eidmeaut Duke't letter with precisely th*) aune alteration! that we took the liberty of making in it. Most of them, with a prudence which doee them great credit, hare simply trantferred the letter to their columns, without eommenti but two or three, evidently Sootoh tab* editors, bare been so delighted with themselves, at discovering the joke, that they have not been able to oonoeal their exultation from their readers. The Bemdigo Admertinr, "judging by the daU of the letter, and that it oould not have been forwarded to England to (be Priao* for whom it was intended, and also from th*> competition and contents of the communica tion," is " inclined to think that its author is not the Duke of Edinburgh, but some clever vagi" while the Ballarat Star, with a mixtar* of Muteness and ndfoeU which is quite charm* ing, points out that the letter "is dearly a hoax, but cruelly adds that it was apparently copied into the Arg%» 'without the sell being suspected!'" Another Ballarat journaL Vat Courier, is not content with merely pub lishing the letter—it devotes a leading article to the subject, in whioh, after relieving itself of some terrible sarcasms at the expense of the "snobs and snoblings" of Melbourne "so a*y, it sums up, in quite a judicial way, the evidenoe for and against the genuineness of the letter. Like most summings up, however, the article leaves its writer, as it oertainly must its readers, very muoh at a lost fora definite conclusion. "We cannot," sayi the writer, " believe the letter to be a forgery," and yet "it is more than improbable that tb* communication would be furnished to the Press by the writer under any circumstances what ever. Curiously enough, however—if we may believe our Madras contemporary—this is pre euelv what did happen. In some remarks pre fixed to the letter, wbioh we took the liberty of omitting when we republisbed it in our columns, the Madrat Mail says :—" To allay the jealousy that its appearance in our columns will natu rally cause our contemporaries, we may state for their information that the Press oopy of the letter was most graoiously oommunioated to lit by order of the writer himself." If this ex planation does not satisfy the Courier, it must be hard to satisfy indeed. Avornsß Ghost—A report has been current in Kempsey during the past week that the gbost of an old woman has been seen on two or three occasions lately, at a place known as Darby's selection, situate a short disUnoe from this town. A young man named Francis M'Oartby, and another man, all st«t«, we believe, that they have seen the ghost—an old woman, tall, lean, and haggard, ft was seen, it is stated, on three consecutive nights, anfl approached the men, uttering thf most piercing and unearthly shrieks. Report says that some years ago an old oouple lived a very unhappy life in that locality, and the woman ultimately died ia a most wretched condition. Whether her death was hastened is not known.— Maehap Herald. 