Used THE FOUND A TION STONE OF TRINITY COLLEGE. near- m - The foundation stone of Trinity College, which is to be affiliated with the Melbourne University, was laid yesterday by the Right Rev the Bishop of Melbourne, in the presence of from 200 to' 300 spectators. The. college, with the erection of which considerable pro- cress has been made, stands upon the extensive reserve which is situated immediately to the north of the ' University grounds, and which has been set apart for the use of such of the denominations as wish to establish colleges in connexion with our chief educational institution. The Church of England has about nine acres of ground in the south-western corner of the reserve. Trinity College, when the design has been fully carried out, will be of the usual quadrangular shape, but for the present only what is called the prin cipal shouse has been undertaken, and though perhaps commodious enough for immediate use it will constitute very small portion of the <WnC>te structure. I will be the nucleus of the colW'." The style of architecture is that known sis late Gothic. Tasmanian (Spring Bay stone is the material which will be principally used in the construction of the building. The work now in progress is estimated to cost about £7,00. From the statement made at the close of the ceremony, it will be soon that there is already a sum of £4,000 in hand, so that £3,500 has yet to be collected. It is intended to go on with the building so long as there is money available, and then to stop work ; but of course the hope is that there will be no necessity to suspend operations until the architect is able to report that the building is finished. The principal's house will be divided on the ground floor into a library, drawingroom, diningroom, offices, kitchen, &c;, the principal rooms being 24ft. by 17ft. The upper story will consist entirely of bedrooms. In length the building will be 38ft,, and in breadth 42ft,, the height to the caves being 33ft. Mr. L. Terry is the architect for the work, and Mr. James Lawrence occupies the position of builder. Yesterday s proceedings began with a procession from the University to the site of the future college. Before its arrival at the scene of operations a considerable number of ladies and gentlemen assembled on the spot. As the walls of the building had been carried up about 10ft. a favourable opportunity was afforded of judging of the appearance of which this portion of the college is likely to present when completed. The procession was arranged in the following order At the head came the choristers of St. Peter's Church, followed by their precentor; next came the following in the order named The officiating ministers, the clergy of the diocese, the members of the Church Assembly, the archdeacons, the dean, the bishop (having on his right his registrar, and on his left the deputy-registrar), the members of the University according to rank-viz., the members of the council, the office-bearers, the doctors, the masters, the bachelors, and the undergraduates. On the arrival of the procession at the building, the service appropriate to the occasion was commenced. St. Peter's choir were in attendance, at the request of the bishop, and rendered the musical portion of the service, consisting of the several responses At morning prayer, together with the hymn for the Holy Trinity, and Boyce's appropriate anthem, " O where shall wisdom be found V" (Job. xxviii., 12), and Garrett's "Te Deum in D. Mr. J. Summers, the organist at St. Peter's, acted as precentor. Prayers were read by the Rev. C. Goodman, bishop's chaplain and the lesson, Prov. iv., by the Rev. C. L. Chase. The bishop then descended from the platform, upon which the principal portion of the spectators were grouped, and proceeded to lay the stone. When it had been properly adjusted, and found to be well and truly laid, the Bishop said, "Hay this stone as the chief corner- stone of a college to be dedicated to the holy, blessed, and undivided Trinity, and to be called Trinity College, in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. Amen." The scroll deposited with the newspapers of the day and the current coins of the realm, in a bottle, under the stone, was read out by Professor Wilson, in the following words AND BiiMMi DE PARIS Fill ¡M'lMTl'b SANCTI gloriam ct honored and Christiana] Hollonds ampliOcatloiiem et etablllmeotum ad addendum of continuances products cultured omnia general Lendrum literary um increments and languages conditioners and adventures in potato virtue of discipline nection at Victoria humanloribus ct scientific educational Eunc Lapidem Angulatem CollcRll Sancto et Individual Trinltatls in Urbe et Academia Molburnonsi cleric populoquo circumstance posuit viz admodum Kuverenduj OarolU9Porry R.I.P. Primus Melburniic Eplscopus Die Fobruarli ii eel mo Ali no Dumiiu MDCCCLXX at Victoria) MOBILIO nosing xxxi. 'Ah Inllio risque and exciting hu jute exports Adslt DHUS Laboriquo nostra faveat propitious. Amen. The BISHOP ' then delivered a short address. He said that he had laid the corner- stone of this building in compliance with the request of the committee, and he heartily trusted that the prayer contained on the inscription inserted in the bottle, and the prayers they had now offered up to Almighty God the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, would be fulfilled. It now only remained for him to offer a few words of congratulation, and then ask two or three gentlemen who had taken great interest in this college, to speak to them very briefly upon the various aspects of the college in relation to the Church, to the University, to the Grammar-school, and to public education in general. From the first commencement of his episcopacy he had been very anxious for the establishment of a grammar-school after the model of the English public schools, and for the establishment of a college after the model of the English colleges of Oxford and Cambridge. He had been permitted some years ago, under God's provi- dence, to see the first object accomplished in the establishment of a school at Melbourne, under Dr. Bromby, and on a more recent occasion the establishment of a school at Geelong. These schools, if he might compare small things with great were formed and conducted on the principles of the English public schools, and as the colony increased, and circumstances permitted, they would be more and more closely assimilated to them. It was now 22 years since he landed in the colony, but until this time he had not been permitted to see the commencement of a college. That had been reserved for the present date. Very shortly after his arrival, a dear friend, and brother collegian at Cambridge, had sent him out 100 worth of books for Trinity College. These books had been in the library ever since, and had been used to a consider- able extent by the students. The Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge when he was consecrated, appropriated £2,000 for the college and although it was given to him in the extremities of the gold- fields' necessities, when they had to go to the expense of importing iron churches from England, he took care that the money was repaid, and in the hands of the deputy registrar (Mr. Morris) it had increased to £2,500. Then £500, the moiety of a legacy of £1,000 left to him to be used as he thought best by his dear mend Mr. Griffith, had been appropriated to the college. There were further subscriptions, raising the whole to something like £4,000. Ino building of which they had laid before cation was the provost's lodge, and it would require somewhere about £7,500 to complete it, so that £3,500 had to be raised in addition to what was already in hand. It was their purpose, under the directions of the architect (Mr. Terry) and the manager (Mr. Lawrence), in both of whom they had most perfect con- fluence to carry on this work so long as they had funds. They would spend the £4,000, and any more they could get ; but when they had exhausted the funds in hand, there the water would stop unless the means were provided for carrying them on to completion, sale took this opportunity of adding to his congratulations a word should he say of liar" He must confess he had some degree of fear lest, after they had begun, they should come to a standstill and he should feel Miami', not for himself but for the Church of which he was the bishop, if that fear were realised. But he trusted that all would exert themselves to the utmost of their power to, save them from the unpleasant necessity by 1 having to leave the building half-finished, A while perhaps brethren of other churches, be running after them, might get their work finished before them. The bishop then called on Professor Wilson, who, he said, had taken a great interest in the erection of the college. Professor WILSON, in giving an account of feels his opinion, should be the functions of this college, more especially in its relation to the University, said that they all Knew the University had been established entirely for the purposes of secular education, that is, instruction and train- ing in literature and science. No moral ' *? religious training was contemplated in the foundation of the University, but that was left to be performed by the several denominations for themselves, on the true and proper (ground, he believed, that no moral training could be exercised unless associated with religion. There was also no provision in the University for. the residence of students, In this respect the University was incomplete as a place of education, but it could still be supplemented - by the croc 'truth of what were called denominational colleges, of which Trinity College was the first to be commenced. They hoped that Trinity College would in the first place serve as a residence for students Who were pursu- ing their studies at the University. Suolvin* deed, was the necessity of the case, inasmuch as the terms of the agreement between the, University and the Church specified that no students should reside at the college except they matriculated at the University within a certain number of months. Every student in this college, therefore, mustbcastudentof the University. All systems would therefore work together, and form one complete whole, so far as regarded the functions of the college in relation to the lads, as he might term them, pursuingtheirstudiesat the University. Again, when the student had completed the graduate course, and obtained his degree as bachelor of arts, or otherwise, he was enabled, if he had friends in Melbourne, to reside with them, and under their superintendence follow out his professional, education. Provision, however, had to be made for young men who came from a distance, and had no friends with whom they could live. What could be greater than the temptations which a young man of 20 or 21 would be subjected to, if he were living without superintendence in a city like Melbourne, at such an important epoch of his life? Now it was hoped that, the college would form a residence for students of that class, whether they intended to prepare themselves for the bar, the practice of medicine, or the ministry of the Church. And not for such students alone, but for another very important class of workmen who were grow- ing in numbers every year, and the need for whom was likewise growing namely, those who were known by the slang names of " grinders" and "coaches." There the student would be enabled to remain for two or three years after taking his degree, devoting his time to the instruction of Others. It would tend to consolidate their own knowledge, to build up a university spirit and feeling, and to make widely known throughout the country that style of teaching which they received at the University. He meant to say that in the present state of things they could not spread the teaching of the University throughout the length and breadth of the land, but it could be effected by the instrumentality of those teachers who were first trained them selves, and then taught others, and so on in an unbroken chain. Again, the college would form a training college for the clergy. He did not say that it would form anything like a special theological institution, but it would be one by means of which the young men training for the Church could obtain instruction with those trained for the bar or medicine, Nothing could be more wholesome than the education of the clergy and laity together. The young men of the clerical profession would react on the laity with whom they were associated, and produce a religious tone in them, while the freedom of opinion and modes of thought, which they would meet with in their intercourse with their toy brethren, would better procure them for encountering the diverse opinions they would meet with in their active duties. He knew it had been asserted on what grounds he did not know that there was a probability of danger arising to the religious opinions of these young men from their associating with the students of the University-that i?, it was asserted, that a great deal of freedom of thought and discussion existed amongst the students. He knew of no such thing ; but if such a state of matters existed, would it not be better for them to meet freedom of thought and discussion at a time when they were under such excellent superintendence as that of the college, rather than meet it as something they knew not of, and were unprepared for, when they entered upon the arduous duties of their profession? He was inclined to think that a clergyman trained up in the hotbed which a theological institution must necessarily be was very likely to be staggered on his going forth to meet the freedom of opinion and doubts of all sorts mixed up with the rough and., tumble of active life, which previously he had only heard of from books. As to the prospects of the college, he reminded them that when the University was established 14 years ago they had only four students im- matriculation, and there was a great cry about its being premature. What he said at the time was, " Remember all things great and noble grow slowly from small beginnings." The progress which had been made since then fully justified the opinion then expressed, and he trusted that like prosperity would follow the institution of this college. The Very Rev. Dean MACARTNEY, delivered an animated address on the advantages of a university education, accompanied by such instruction as would be given in the college they were about to establish. Sir JAMES PALMER, in the course of a few observations, spoke of the desirableness of having a system of public instruction whereby they would be able to eliminate from the mass the talent which was most deserving of the highest cultivation. There were from two to three hundred thousand children receiving instruction in this country, and in such a mass of youth there must be many having talents of a superior order. The great object should be to bring forward these superior minds, and subject them to culture in the successive steps of learning, from the common school and the grammar school to the University, finally enabling them to travel over Europe, so that every advantage might be put in their way. Sir WILLIAM STAWELL congratulated all present on the prospect they now had of the completion of the University. At the time steps were taken to found it they felt the difficulty, on the one hand, of ever being able to impart a really sound education unless it was based on religion, and on the other, they felt the danger attending the introduc- tion of the religious element. In excluding the religious element, however, a reservation of land was made, so that each denomination might be able to erect a college of its own in connexion with the University. He was sorry that from some cause no denomination had made a commencement until now. Now that the members of the Church of England had begun, he had no fear of their being distanced in the race. He wanted no unseemly race, but he had such confidence in his fellow churchmen that he believed this college would be finished with all convenient speed. The erection of this college would afford great satisfaction to parents living away from Melbourne, who were wishful of sending their sons to the University, but hesitated doing so lest they should jeopardise their prospects, and expose them to risks such as a young man must be exposed to who lived in a city such as Melbourne, away from the supervision of his parents or his friends. We could not conceal from our selvesthatthis was our country. We had made it our home. We must all feel that Victoria 1 was for the Victorians, and must wish to have our sons educated in this country, so that they might grow up associated with its ways and habits of thought. We must feel that it was undesirable to send our sons to Europe to be educated, in order that they might come back, as frequently had been the case, merely to despise this country. We never could imagine them settling down to useful employment, because they would always be drawing comparisons between this country and others possessing advantages this did not. Everyman that was forced to leave us was a loss to us. It was a disgraceful reproach to them as members of the Church of England, that while every facility had been placed in the way of students wishing to qualify _ themselves for learned professions, no provision had been made for the education of young men in the highest profession of all-the Church. He was now glad to see that that reproach was in course of removal. The National Anthem having been sung, the spectators left the ground. Alluding to a probable scarcity of game on the Western lakes in future years, the Colac Herald says-The wholesale destruction of wild fowl on our lakes is a matter of serious consideration to every 'lover of genuine sport ; the sad havoc caused by the introduction of swivel guns will soon be the cause of banishing every description of feathered game from our immediate neigh- bourhood. If the use of these swivel guns (which we understand will kill as many as a hundred birds at a single shot is not prohibited, our lakes will soon be deserted, and our native game, like the aborigines of the colony, will soon become things of the past. United action on our part is necessary to preserve them from total destruction. The Western district is celebrated for its lakes, which at certain seasons of the year are covered with the feathered tribe, affording an unlimited quantity of 'sport to those so inclined, and would continue to do so for many years to come, but for the use of these destructive monster firearms. An act of Parliament, prohibiting the use of guns ex needing a certain calibre, would have the de . sired effect, and tend to remedy the evil," 