THURSDAY'S' PORPOISE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-The capture of the porpoise at Risdon Ferry on Thursday last was so extraordinary an incident, that a fuller account of it, than that contained in your issue of Friday, may be road with interest by your fisherman readers and therefore, I oak room to pen my own account of the adventure in the following lines While the punt was crossing the river at its usual pace, a sudden splash at the stern attracted the attention of the passengers, and a sharp shouted animal of some kind shot out through the foam into the sunlight, while a voice shouted " A pig over- board !" "No ! it's a salmon ; out with the dingy !" exclaimed another. " Salmon he blowed !" granted a blue-shirted driver of the crank, who had rushed from the windlass ; " it's a porpoise give us the boat hook !" And, sure enough, there hung the lively acrobat of the deep, hung by his own fore fin on the hawser, or rope, by which the punts ferried across the river and notwithstanding all his mountebank tricks, and his splashing and dashing for liberty, there he was, being drawn up helplessly, inch by inch, into daylight, as the vessel moved on, and the rope upon which the victim hung like a sacrifice to the ghost of Isaac Walton wound slowly round the drum. After a few turns of the crank the blue-shirted man was ready with the boat hook, and, having made a safe and sure gash under the jaw of the pig fish, his hogship was landed, with a rattle and a flapper, which made the crowd stand off, on the deck of the punt, where I measured him with a tape as six feet ten inches. Now, whom was a porpoise, or, indeed, any other fish, taken under similar circumstances, and when will such an event happen again 1 Simple as this question may appear to some, I answer for myself, and say, never. By Mr. Jennings'permission, 1 dealt with the men for their prize, and brought it home in my buggy and as the specimen is a fine one, and its history so singular, its skeleton shall be sent to our friend, Mr. Roblin, who will, no doubt, find a fitting place for it in some corner of our beautiful Museum. A PASSENGER. 