I l l l i ^ l t l k ,17iwle JEdward's Ghost \ ONE Btormy evening in January.AWEEK or <iWo after Christmas, a family/partyiwas .gathered rounda wood-Bre in the drawing-Toom of a country house in thetibrth of England. * . The'.night WAS, cold, and in the distance the moaning of the wind wan heard among' the fir-treea,aB itsweptwith a wailing Bound: across the moon. -On such anight theima-' giuation naturally turns 'to the horrible ;; andaswedrew our chairis closeri.o;the fire,' we begaa to speak of the unseen World and unearthly visitants. -We talked over all: these things; onenfter another remembered: some tale which added fresh horror to those already told. But amongst ' us, my Uncle Edward still kept silence; not inattentive, for he was listening patiently arid with interest, but sitting back in .his easy chair, gazing dreamily into the red glow of the fire, an expression of pain and sadness shading his usually happy countenance. ' Oh, Uncle Edward,' I said, 'you hare been half across theworljjj-you must, have seenaghostduringyour wandering8."Wbat buccaneers have yon seen id the Spanish Main, disembodied spirits watching by their graves in louely churchyards, or ghastly huntsmen doomed perpetually to ride in the forests of Germany? because, of course, you have been everywhere, andmuet have seen something of the kind.' ' No, my dear Maggie,' said my uncle,' I have seen nothing ofthekind JM«L mention.' 'Well, but you have seen SmMt!' cried all the eager voices. ' ' Yes, uiicle, do telfus your story,' said I, entreatingiy. •I have travelled,' he said, 'half mv lifetime.-andslept in the most desolate places; and although I have but one story to tell. Once, and once only, in my life was I ^ver eonteioutly in the presence of what I eould not understand to be a living being, and yet knew not to be certainly on apparition.' ' Oh, uncle, tell us your story! What is it? what depends upon it? what happened fro mil?' 'Do not talk all at once,'he said; 'nothing happened, nothing came of it. Why I should have Been anything is strange— stranger even than the sight itself.' ' But.,' we cried,' you did see a ghost?' "I do not know,' was the reply; and his voice was solemn and distinct; ' but I saw something once in my life j and from that time I never listen -carelessly what is callof] a ghost story:' ' Oh, toll us what it is!' ' Well, then,' he Baid,' you shall hear. You may judge for yourselves whether it is credible. I ody know that, though it "happened te me many years ago, the impression on my mind is as vivid now as when it occurred, and, at the time, it caused me a great deal or pain and perplexity. ' When I was about thirty years old, on my return from India, I received an invitation (to -visit an old friend who hafl cot long been married, and who was living with his •wife in a remote part of Cornwall, about thirty miles from the Land's End. ' He liad como into his estate-very recently, on the death of an uncle, and as they were a young couple, -and much attached to each other, they did not feel the want of society, nor the loneliness of the situation. ' The country round was of the very wildest description. The grounds opened on a Song.range of cliffs, bordering ihe.sea. There -were few habitations within <many miles, only-a neighboring village or two, with fishermen's huts scattered here and there. The coast itself svas far too dangerous to allow of very many "boats putting out to sea. ' Sea-birds alone Appeared to find a home among those dreary rocks; and often havel •watched tliem before a «torm, sitting on a high cliff, or skimming along the surface of the water. You may well imagine, that on such a coast shf^wrecks were numerous, and many a sad tale have I listened to >while sitting as we are wow,-round the fire at Tremeweu Grange—.a fire which was in that part of the country often composed- of driftwood, the remains in all probability of some illfated vessel. 'There was only one thing to 4 which the most fault-finding person -ootvld object to in !firemewen Grange ; this was the insuperable dislike of Mrs. Tremewen to smoking in the iiouse. This may appear to you a very trifling drawback.; to me (as an inveterate smoker) it was no small grievance. In all -other respects she vyis a most charming woman, and my frieniT everything that was hospitable and kind. * Alice will not allow any smoking in the Iiouse, as you know,* said my friend to me, the first night of my arrival; therefore I have built a retreat for mjself and my friends, where we can smoke in peace - but now that I am kept in such subjeetioD, I only indulge in one eigar after breakfast.' 1 He then led tho way through the gardes and plantation to a small kind of building or hut, which commanded .an .extensive view of the eea, which now lay "before us glittering in the bright, cold, moonlight of a chilly evening towards the l.itter end of October. On one side was a door,, opening on the cliffs, through which a narrow pathway led down to the rugged sands. * After this I need not tell you, I paid many a solitary visit to this retreat, and always the last thing *t night, for at that time I imagined I could not sleep without my accustomed sedative. I had now prolonged my visit three weeks, and wo had arrived at the beginning of an unusually wild and dreary November. There had been already one shipwreck on tho coast, and many an hour had we watched with anxious eyes from the windows of the hut vessels driven before the gale, seeking shelter from the violence of tho etorm, fearing every moment that they would be dasliod by the fury of those waves amongst those giant rocks which, in spite of their height, were now often completely hidden from our sight by the denso masses of foam. ' One morning, as we were all sitting at breakfast, my friend received a letter on business which required his immediate presence iu town- After he had finished its p3rudil, he turned to me and said : ' I shall have to leave Alice in your charge during my absence, and I hope you will take good care of her, and, Che continued, smiling) ' should any wrecks occur whilst I am a way, do not allow her to run down the cliffs in tho middle of the night, as she once attempted to do, thiuking she might be of some use.' . „ '.He tofr us thesame morning, promising : not: to beabsent niariy days- That afternoon the ^patfcejj, whichbad ^n iwyy and low- i eonj^uri^ tatbr&cnup; and dtaurb^j^jiH^itJP»ts; of.wind, .acoompanied storms. Towards iiightit grew lo^be s^Stahs,. atid thesea ro! led in - up'on the tliore^^^the i great waves brealripgfar outside, and mist and foa» :darkening the sky'.' When all'had retiredT^r' the night, I lighted my lantern, and w'ehtras usual, throttjfh.the plantation tojwcrde thehufc, butifouadritdifEpalt'wbrk to battle against the wind.' ' I at last reached my destination- On three aides ofthebuildiug wiere windows, one opening towardsthe sea. I sat'down ih ioy accustomed Beat, and listened to the hoarse roar of the mighty waves beating against the cliffs. Ihad been sitljfig thus about twenty minute^rhen it Buodenly occurred to me that thTO&atern;, which I had placed on the £able;opposite the window," might possibly -deceive -some- unhappy vessel, and so lead her to destruction. The Scene was certainly a desolate one. Within the room, hanging on the walls, were Bad felics of fntftiy a gallant ship which -had gone dowp, and whose crewshadnever survived to ;tell the dreadful tale, fragments of wreck, figureheads, and other ghastly memorials bearing witness to. theinerciless nature > of that fearful coast As these thoughts "passed through my mind, I extinguished the light, and was left in utter darkness. ' There was no moon, no light save the occasional ^glimmer of a .solitary star as the heavy clouds swept across the sky, and the reflection from the white mass of foam surging beneath me. X tried to shake off the uncomfortable feelings which, in spite of myself, would steal over me. I am not nervous or over-imaginative, as yon well know; but I could not withstand the dreary influence of the place. The moaning sound of the wind ana the hollow roar of the sea as it thundered against the cliffs sounded in my ears like'signals'of distress. I had been sit ting thus, dreamily smoking, for about half an hour, when I became conscious, between the pauses of the hurricane, of a heavy sound of dripping water; too near and too distinct to be confounded with the roar of the sea. The wind, as I said before, was blowing furiously at the time; but the sound struck on my ear, not above but through all. At the same time a cold chill seemed to pervade the room, and suddenly I distinctly saw, as though pressed against the window, a human fuse. That face I can never forget; blue and death-like, the -eyes fixed and ghastly, and the face bruised and livid, and jet illumined by an inward light I turned faint with horror, *s I felt I was in the presence of .the supernatural: Yet my eyes were still riveted by a species of facination on the dreadful sight. It gave me the idea of a face that had been Hinder water—swollen and disfigured. My eye was also attracted by a glittering object which appeared to be suspended from the neck by a scarlet handkerchief. A second and a third time was that face presented to my view, aa aaeavthly light always shining through and around it; then it gradually disappeared. ' A few moments passed, during which I was utterly powerless; then my immediate impulse was to get vp -and fling the door -wide -open." At first 1 could distinguish nothing -; but as J gazed longer into the darkness, I saw, where the horrible figure had disppeared, a flickering light shrouded in -vapour, now but a few inches above the ground, and then gradually increasing to the height of a human figure. It iseemed to floatan£heatr<mtfa«pjeculiarru8tliBg«ound, like that of dead leaves when disturbed by the wind. 'I felt impelled by a power above my<own control to follow the apparition, and climbing the low fence, which separated the grounds from the cliffs, kept it in Bight as it iiovered before me, up to the verge of the cliffs- Over these I still watched until it grew <paler And more indistinct, and At last disappeared behind a large rock, which was called by the country people, 'The Devil's Stone.' I returned home agitated and bathed in a cold perspiration. That night was indeed a terrible oijajbt for wo ^-each Moment I dreaded the reappearance of that face,-and the sound of the dripping water. Every horrible circumstance was BO ' distinctly photographed upon my wind, that the whole scene was constantly before me, and I vainly tried te «Aee$t. The morning at length broke, t<» tny auteiwe relief, and I arose feeling faint and' worn, but determined, if I could, to discover the cause of this midnight visitation. ' I said nothing on the subject to Mrs. Tremewen when we met at breakfast, although, remarking my haggard expression, she asked if' I was ill.'' ' I left the bouse as early as possible, and rede to our nearest neighbor's, the clergyman of the parMh, a kind, benevolent, old man, who being strongly imbued with Cornish superstitions, listened with great interest to my recital. After a long discussion we went together to the spot, wishing to examine the place where the light disappeared. ' I felt somewhat ashamed of myself while viewing the iceae iu Jbroad daylight, and inclined to doubt rayfearful impressions of the preceding night. 'The storm had abated, and all looked fresh and brilliant witfcthat peculiar brightness which is often observed after any violent disturbance of the elements. It appeared as if Nature was trying to make amends by her suites for the terror of but a few hours before. On reaching the beach we nbuerved several people neat the rock, to all appearance intently gazing at some object upon the sands. ' As it was unusual to see so many gathered together on that lonely shore, we hastened towards the group, and heard that the body of a Bailor nad just been found, washed in close to the ' Devil's Stone.' I felt strangely overcome at this confirmation of the horrors of the jiast night, and unable to look upon the disfigured form that I knew lay%efore me, lest I should again behold what was so painfully impressed upon my imagination ; but, with a strong effort, I at last forced my way through the crowd, and saw, lying at my feet a fearfully mutilated corpse, in every respect resembling the form I had FO latelv seen, 1 By the initials marked upon the arm in sailor fashion, and by the silver watch, which he had evidently knotted round his neck with his handkerchief just before the vessel sank, the body was recognised as that of a young man belonging ta a neighboring parish, who had left about eighteen months l bofore for India, and was returning by a hpuipward-bouDd vessel to bis friend?- a 'It became the jsorrowfDV duty, of Mr Harding, as clergyman of . ihe ; pariah, to inform Ws'widowed mother ofthe-loss of her onjywn^irat X did not add to hrr grief by tellifig Jier of the more painfid circnmstance attending his dc^th. ^ 7- , ; lave been the reason^this app^i^nM to tne, an utter strangafc? I can only say it must for ever remain rone, of those mysteries we cannot fathom, dnd as'such yoii'ihust be content to take it. Perhaps as long as the body remained unburied the spirit haunted the lonely shore where he nad so often wandered in his youth. Be that as it may, the apparition - did "not- again return to trie, neither did I ever hear of its appearance to others. ~ "Of the:ship in which the poor young fellow was' lost nothing was ever ' heard. A few planks and a figure-head, with the name of the vessel/ washed on the beach, were all that was ever feuown of its fate. ' It must have perished on its homeward voyage not far from its destination, in one of those frightful gales which had made many a home desolate.' OUTBADE OK CHINAMEN—The Alia California relates that when the disembarkation of the Chinese passengers per Niagara commenced, a large crowd of men and boys lined the Valiejo-street wharf, and by their gestures and general demeanor, it was apparent that-they intended to give the newcomers a hot reception. The Harbor Poliee were stationed on the wharf, and on the different streets through which the Chinese would pass to prevent the threatened outrage. This precaution had the effect of diminishing but not wholly preventing the abuse of the Chinamen by young scamps who infest the Barbary Coast. As a number of Chinamen were i passing the corner of Broadway and Front streets they were saluted with a shower of stones and other missiles, while one of the whites attempted to carry off bamboo canes from a waggon. He was caught by Officer .Langan, who inarched him off to the City Prison. At the corner of Samson and Pacific streets the roughs gave full swing to their barbarous proclivities- There were no policemen here,and the Chinese were entirely at the mercy of the mob. As they approached, whether on foot or in waggons, they were pelted with stones, pieces of wood, filthtaken from the gutters, or anything they could lay their hands upon. When a Chinaman singled himself from the rest to retaliate, he was certain to be cruelly kicked and bruised,and rolled in the streets. Several were severely injured, and a little China boy, about ten years old, was so unmercifully abused that even the roughs themselves felt startled at their own acts. Before the poliee arrived the cowardly wretches sneaked away, and made .their escape. Such conduct is not only revolting and inhuman, but it calls for some prompt action by which the barbarous wretches who perpetrated the outrages can be arrested and made an example of, and iu this teach others that here there is equal protection for all under tlhe laws. A NABBOW ESCAPE OF BEING BTJUIED ALIVE.—It is related in the Colac Observer that, a short time since, a laboring man, named Talbot, a resident of that place, became suddenly ill; the services of a doctor were secured, and the Bick man was ordered to bed. Presently,a message was forwarded to the doctor that Talbot had died, and preparations were at once commenced for ibis funeral. While mourning and lamentations were going on for the poor departed. Talbot, who it appeared had merely been in a swoon, suddenly opened his eyes, and appeared surprised at the scene that was being enacted. After the terror of those present had been somewhat -calmed down, matters were explained, and thefuneral preparations came to an abrupt standstill. THE " SHEFFIELD TELEGRAPH" AOT> THE PBIKCE OF WAXES.—The Spectator remarks that, harsh .as the present law of libel seems to proprietors, it dp -unavoidable that the man who gains by a paper should be responsible for what is in it, and more especially for a -kind of libel which .has no justification in the plea of public good -even when it is true, •while it iuflicts the' deadliest injuiy when it it false, an injury, extending to persons whom nobody, not even the author of the story, ever intended to attack. It is easy «neugh for any newspaper proprietor to -order-thai no statement imputing unchastity, un3dss based on proceedings in court, shall appear in his paper, and the Spectator would not be sorry to see such a rule specially enforced by the next Libel Act, There is no reason whatever, eatberof morals or expediency, why the hunger of the public malignant gossip Bhould be gratified, whether its egjaject happens to be the Prince of Wales or anybody else, A DiscEEDiTABtE BARGAIN.—A Catholic correspondent writeB;—The King Consort of Spain has sold his wife's letters to Serrano to an Englishman who appears to exercise the discreditable profession of collecting compromising documents. Don Francisco de ASSUB is said on the authority of his own friends in Borne to have received SO.OOOf- for this utterly disgraceful transaction. The letters bad been deposited by the Queen with a lady at Madrid, who appears, for some reason unknown, to have quarrelled with Donna Isabella, and sent the letters to the King Consort. They are Baid to be fatal to the succession of the Prince of Asturias." A bachelor thus impeaches woman: — " I impeach her in the name of the great whale of the ocean, whose boues are torn asunder to enable her to keep straight. I impeach her in the namo of the peacock, whose strut without IUB permissiou she has stealthily and without honor assumed. I impeach her in the name of the horse, whose tail she has perverted from its use to the making of wavy tresses to decorate the back of the head and neck. I impeach her in the name of the kangaroo, whose beautiful figure she, in taking upon herself the Grecian bend has brought into ill favor and disrepute. True courage is not ostentatious ; men who wish to inspire terror seem thereby to confess themselves cowards. Why do they rely on it, but because they know how potent it is with themselves P PRACTICAL PUILOSOFBT.—Southey Bays, in one of his letters :—I have told you of tho Spaniard who always puts on his spectaclcs when be is about to oat cherries that they might look the bigger and more tempting. In like manner, I moke the most of my enjoy moots, and thongh I do not oast my cares away, I pack them in as compass as I can, and carry them as conviently as 1 can for myself, and never let thom others. 