BATHUEST AUTUMN MEETING, 1870. Jcdge : J. JT. M'lntosh, Esq. HAKDiCAPrEB : Thomas H. 'West, Esq. SlEWAEDS :— A, Thompson, Esq. ; VT. Kite, Esq. ; John MThfllamy, Esq. ; E. Combes, Esq. ; James Rutherford, Esq. ; Thomas Lee, Esq. Clebk of the Coukse and Siabtee : Mr. James Cassidy. 'WTio has not seen the Buthurst Course has not seen the prettiest and best improved one in New South Wales, after Randwick and Hoinebush. What the Bathurst Club have done to make their course good and their meeting attractive would fill a good-Eised b»ok, were I to essay the task of tclliiig it ; nnd I must therefore rest satisfied with a few particulars. The course is situated just a convenient distance from the town ; i6 fenced in with paling fence ; and the ?tand and saddling paddock, are all put up after the plan adopted by tlie A- J. C. at Eaudwk-k. It is » matter of much regret that the efforts of the Bathurst ?portsmen have not been crowned with as great a measure of success as they deserve ; but hitherto the meetings have been losing affairs in point of nionej- ; something having always turned up to prevent a large entry of horses or attendance of spectators. This time, however, things have done better ; and it is satisfactory to me to say that the meeting was in every way successful. Certainly, the rain on the first day kept many people away ; but any shortcoming in this espect on the 'Wednesday was amply compensated or by the glorious sunshine and crowded stand and booths on Thursday and Friday. The town pre sented a lively appearance within a few day* of the races. The Metropolitan racing and betting division were well represented. Messrs. Tuit Lee, and Ivory had horses engaged in most of the races ; and altogether the meeting created quite as much interest and excitement as a provincial one generally does at best of times. Beside the Sydney lots, Mr. Coruwell came from Richmond vritli Car nation and Moderator of Mr. Town's, and Mr. M'Quade's 'Juanita,' and won with each of them. Mr. Lee and Kir. Ivory were out of luck, excepting so far as the Leger was concerned, which fell unexpectedly to Surbiton. Phuebe, who had been lacked for the Cup at a short price in Sydney, ran four times without scoring a win, though she was twice second ; and after five races falling to Mr. Cornwall's lot and two to Mr. Tait's, there remained six for the country division. The course had been a trifle bard ; but the rain nf Tues day and Wednesday morning put it in good order, so that nothing broke down going down the hill ; though the up- hill business was pretty severe, and told on the heavy weights. When Ca-nation arrived, ami was seen to be in sucli splendid fettle, she became a great favourite ; and was freely backed at short odds for oil her engagements ; but Traverton, who looked out of soils, lost caste altogether ; Mr. Tait giving the people who had backed him on the strength of the difference between the opinion formed by him of Mr. West, and the high estimation iu which he was held by the Ka«-l- wick Handicapped, a start for their money, though the horse hadn't the ghost of a chance. I fancy Juanita must have been short of time, and conse quently not in tip-top fettle, or else Surbiton would not have got liis he.ui in front for the Leger ; however, Mr. M'Quade's cheap purchase put a couple of races to her owner's credit. The Ida colt looked well and went well, and would have taken a great quantity of beating in either of his light weight races, both of which he won with plenty to spare. Having thus far generally premised, I proceed to give you an account of '.i iiat was done on the FIHST DAY. -Wednesday. The morning opened cheerless and miserable ; so that when it v.:h time to go to the course only the snorting people were to be seen on the move. I^o place is mure wretched than a racecourse in wet weather ; and this day that of liatlrarst was no exception. There were not more than three or four hundred people on the ground ; anil of these a large portion were of ilie clcrcr »ort, who live on the weakness of others. All flic games incidental to races were there ; but, as those have been described by every one who lms written races for the last twenty years, your renders ilont wnnt to be cu Ughtened any more on that part of the subject. The officials were all nt tlieir posts, ami doing their duty in ft praiseworthy manner, as indeed the Bat-hurst race officials do ; and nobody found much in the arrange ments to growl about. The people were well behaved ; and gave the police little enough to do. A great place has Bathurst always been for ])icking winners ; and book makers have generally been caught by some one ' pick ing' the three handicap winners. This time, however, although on the first dny, all the first favourites pulled through, there was no such tiling as ' naming 'em' on the other two. Indeed I don't remember winners being so difficult to spot on the list tiny of a country meeting .is they were here. Punctually to timcthcMaiden Platers were sent to the post, Mr. Tait's colt being a great pot ; and he won his race very cleverly, indeed easily, making his maiden win, after sundry attempts on Metropolitan ground. After this came the Trial Stakes which brought out four animals, among which was old Pacha, as game as ever ; but though the will is there, the power is want ing ; and in running second to Moderator he was ridden right home bj' Fi'ed Mai*rineer, who in noted as a most accomplished pumsher, second to no jockey out for severity when needed. The Kickmond stable com menced a series of wins, by Moderator pulling off this one after a good race. The time of this mile nnd a half was a second anil a half faster than the Maiden Plate ; but both slow. The great race of the day and of the meeting came next, and for it eleven sported silk ; Carnation at last finding more favour witli the cognoscenti than either l'hiebe or Traverton, both of whom had been backed before time. The mare from Richmond justified the confidence of her backers, and did credit to her trainer by winning very cleverly, Plirebe being second, Silverstain third, The Moor fourth, and Advocate fifth. Traverton never showed in front from start to finish ; and if he ever was good enough to win it, about which there are many doubts, he certainly was not so to day. Juanita had no diffi culty in polishing off the lot opposed to her in the Squatter's Stakes ; and so Mr. Coin well wound up a capital day's racing by pulling off three events in suc cession. Before going fully into particulars of tiie spert, I may mention that the condition of the horses was generally very good ; nnd that better racing has never been seen on any course than we have this time enjoyed here. The Maiden Plate of 5 sovereigns each, with 300 sovereigns added, li mile. Second horse to receive 10 sovereigns from the prize. Mr. J. Tsifs Ida Colt, by New Warrior, 3 years Tst lllbs IC. Stanley) ? 1 .1. Ford's Medea, 4 years, Sst lOlbs (Francis) .. 2 W. Avciy's Blue Jionnet, 4 years, Sst lOlbs (W. George) .. .. .. .. .. 3 J. T. Tindale's lone, G years, 7st Oibs (L. Martinccr) Butting : 2 to 1 on the Ida Colt. Before they drew to the starting post lone indulged in n once round breather by herself ; and had not her rider been a horseman she would most likely have parted company with him ; as it was she put her chance out completely. After some delay on account of this breakaway a fair start was effected, and lone, nothing daunted by her previous performance, showed the way at the best pacoishe could make, the Ida colt, Medea, and Blue Bonnet following in the order named, and so they passed the stand and went down the hill. In the bottom, the favourite, who had been pulling double, went up to the leader, disposed of her with out an effort and having the rest of the gallop to him self, won iu a canter, hard held. Time, 2min. 50 sees. The Trial Stakes of 30 sovereigns, with a sweep of 2 sovereigns each ; for all horses ; 1A mile. The winner to be sold immediately rfter tho race for £30 ; the sur plus, if any, to go to tho funds. Sccoud lioree fl sove reigns from prize. Mr. A. Town's Moderator, 3 years, Tst Bibs (J M'Cabo . . 1 .1. De Cloucts Pacha, aged 9sl 21bs (P. llarlinecr) .. 2 .1. Eutherfonl'i Midnight, 4 vears, Est lOlbs L. Marttaeor) .. .. ' .. .. (.. 3 B. Eead's Paris, aged, Ost Clbs. Betting : 5 to 4 on Moderator against the field. There was one false attempt, after which the flag fell to a good start. Midnight was the first to show in front, Pacha next, and the other two close up. This order was maintained till they began to descend the hill, when Pacha deprived Midnight of the lead ; and held the command along the bottom, where he and Midnight were racing side by side ; and so they com menced to ascend the hill, and Moderator was seen to make a great run at the lenders. Tho game old eon of Little John settled the pretentious of Midnight in going up the hill, and when they came in sight Mode rator was in front with the race in hand. The positions were not altered, and Mr. Town's colours were landed first by half a length, Midnight a bad third, and Tans beaten off. Time, 2 uiin. 54.J sees. The Bathurst Cup of 8 sovereigns each, with 200 sove reigns added, for all horses ; 2 miles. Second horse 20 OTereigns from the prize. Entrance, 7 A sovereigns. Mr. A. Town's Carnation, by Yelverton, 5 years. Tst Olbs (J. M'Cabc) .. .. .. ,i E. Lee's Phoebe, G years, Sst labs (Uollevl .. 2 .1. T. Tindale's Silverstain, i years, list (ilbs (Scott) .. 3 J. De Clouet's The Moor, 0 rears, Sst 31bs (I'. Martineer) J. Tait's Traverton, aged, Vst Tibs R. Bead's Mickey Free, aged, 7ft -libs E. Lee's Scrbfton, 3 yean, fist jabs P. liunlcr ns Vanguard, used, (Jst 1 albs T. Ivory's b g Barney, aged, Cat lOlbs „ c U Mankc, 4 years, Sst Tibs H. Jeffrey's Advocate, 4 years, 5st 911k Betting : 2 to 1 v. ]'ho;be. 2 to 1 v. Carnation, 10 to 3 v. Moor, 4 to 1 v. Marske. It took some little time, in consequence of a couple of breaks-away, to get this lot together, but then there was not much to object to in the start. Advocate made the running, clear of the others, who were all laid Jip in a nick — at the head of which the colours of Phuube and The Moor were conspicuous. By the time they reached the turn for home. Vanguard ran through his horses and took the command ; and he psscd the stand to commence the second round, with a clear lead of Phiebe, who was sccoud ; The Moor, Carnation, and Silverstain being next in order, and running bide by side. In going down the hill, the pace mended considerably, and Vanguard cried ago, leaving Silrcratain with the lead; i Mickey Free and Advocate having joined Phoebe and I Carnation, who in their turn had disposed of The I Moor, they ran without change along the bottom; I but in rising the hill Carnation commenced to force the pace, and all but Phoebe gave way ; the two mares going out of sight, deal- of. the field. When next they became visible, Carnation was fJone in front, and Phoebe had the honours of second place to herself, a state of things that continued to the end; for although the daughter of Sir Hercules showed all the gameness of her family, she was no match for Carna tion on that day ; and M'Cabe scored his second win for Mr. Town, without much trouble, by three or four lengths. Silverstain ran a good race home, and finished a length from Phoebe, being some lengths before The Moor, who was fourth, followed nert by Advocate. Time, 3 rain. 50 sees. The Squatters' Stakes of 40 sovereigns, with a sweep of ysovereiguseachadded, forallhorses;l|niile. Second horse to receive 4 sovereigns from the prize. AVinners of £C0 at one tinieTlbs., of £100 141bs. extra. Mr. J. ITQuade's b 1 Juanita, by New Warrior, 3 years, Tst 91bs (M'Cabe) ? 1 C. Tiadale's c f Fancy (late Miss Kingston), 4 yein Sst lOlbs (C. Stanley) ? 2 T. Ivory's b n Marquis, 5 years, Ost Slbs (Bennett 3 J. Taifs b c Ida Colt, 8 years, Tsi lllbs . . dr Betting 3 to I on Juanita v. the field. Public opinion was perfectly correct in its choice of a favorite ; for after letting Fancy remain in front on sufferance as long as she pleased, Juanita came out in the straight and won in a canter. Time 2min. 24sec. SECOND DAY.— Thubsdav. Theweather to-day was a great improvement on that ot 'Wednesday ; and contrary to all precedent, the middle day's attendance was much larger than that of the first ; the people who had been forcibly kept at home by the rain on the one day, being determined not to be entirely deprived of theirsport. The races gave great excitement, and although Phoebe had been beaten for the Great Handicap, ehe was to-day as good a favourite as either Carnation or the Ida Colt for The Shorts. The hitter proved himself a right good miler, able to travel at a great pace, with light weight ; and he won s fast run lace in a canter from Phoebe, who was able to turn the tables on Mr. Town'6 mare. The race showed the colt to be game, as well as fast, for lie got a wretched start, and cut down his horses in the most determined style. The Leger surprised the knowing ones considerably, for no body expected that Surbiton could beat Juanita, and, notwithstanding his previous race, the Ida Colt had many friends. I'ke Kingston colt, however, ran a good race, and just won from Juanita, to the great delight of the fielders. Phoebe came out again for the J. C. Han dicap, and again unsuccessfully, being this time third to Fancy (a Kingston filly), and Joe Miller ; and the day wound up with a good race for the Tally-Ho Stakes, in which Arthy Battye appeared again in the saddle, and was beaten, after riding a fine race. The following is the order in which the races came oif :— First race.— The Shorts Handicap of 50 sovereigns, with a sweep of 2 sovereigns each, for all horses ; 1 mile. Second horse to receive G sovereigns from the prize. Mr. J. Taifs b c Ida Colt, by New Warrior, 3 years, 8 st (Cavanagb) . . . . . . . . . . 1 E. Lee's c in rimbe, aged, Ost Gibs tS. Davis) .. 2 K. Head's c U Mickey Free, aged, Tst 1CM-= . . . . 3 It. Town's b m Carnation, 6 jcars, Sst Olbs .. ..4 T. Ivory's b li Marquis, 5 years, t'rt 1-. Hunter's c g Eclij.iu, Eged, Tst -libs J. Young's b f Blue Bonnet, i years, Cst lOlbs Betting, 7 to 4 each against Carnation, Phccbe, and the Ida Colt. There were two or three false attempts, and then a very bad get away. The Idu CoH being forty or fifty front, with Mickey Free heading the others, who were all together. In the hollow the Ida Colt ran through his horses, and went out of sight holding third posi tion ; Eclipse having by this time retired, and Phcube laid herself alongside of Mickey in front. The severe lull settled all the preteusiuus of the Irishman ; and the Ida Colt and Phoebe reached its top, clear away from all followers, as they remained to the end ; the colt winning, after the semblance of a struggle, easily at last. Time, 1 min. 49 sees. Second Race.— Tbe St. Leger Stakes of 60 sovereigns, with a sweep of 2 sovereigs added, for 3 year olds — colts, Sst lOlbs ; fillies, .Sst Slbs. li mile. Sacond horse tosaveliis sweep. Mr. E. Lee's be Surbiton, by Kinu'stoa— Marchioness, 3 jiars, Sst lOlbs (Davis) ? 1 M'ljiiade's br f Juanita, by New Warrior, S years, at Slbs (M'Cabe) ? 2 J. Taifs b c Ida Colt, by New Warrior, 3 years, 8st lOlbs (Stanley) .. .. .. ..3 Betting : 5 to 4 on Juanita, 5 to 4 against the Ida Colt. The two favourites went racing away in front, with Surbiton in close attendance ; and down the hill the pace was a cracker, the yellow jacket of Mr. Tait show ing slightly in front along the hollow. They went out of sight in this order, and no change took place till they re-appeared, when the Ida Colt had not half a, length advantage of the filly on whom Surbiton waited. A splendid race home ensued, the result being in doubt up to the veiy hist, and the name of each animal being vociferously roared from the stand by their re spective partisans. It was anybody's race a few strides from home, when Sam Davis Eat down on Surbiton and lifted him iu a neck in front, not a length dividing the second and third. Time : 2 mins 54 sees. Third liacc— The Jockey Club Handicap of 70 sove reigns, with a Bwcep of 5 sovereigns each, half forfeit, entrance fee only if declared by Thursday, the 17th of February, at 4 p.m., for all horses ; 1\ mile. Second horse to receive 5 sovereigns from the prize. Mi-. C. Tindalo's Fancy, by Kingston, 4 vears, Cst lOlbs (W. Sberringhaui) .. .. ' .. ..1 J Kuril's Joe Miller, (j years, Cst lOlbs (Shepherd) .. 2 E. Lee's Pboibe, aged, 6st 31bs (Davis) .. ..3 Betting : Even on Phoebe against the field, Fancy made the running after a good start, the favourite lying third ; and no change occurred until commencing to go up the hill, when the trio were all together. Coming m sight again Fancy was still in front, and without having been caught she carried her light weight home a winner easily, Phoebe a moderate third. Time : 2 luins 25 sees. Fourth Kace.— Tlie Tally Ho! Stakes of 20 sove reigns, with a sweep of 1 sovereign added ; 1J mile ; winner to be sold by auction immediately after the race for £20 ; the surplus, if any, to go to the fund. Post entrance. Mr. H . Jelfric's c g Advocate, I years, Sst Olbs (Francis) . . 1 A. IJatty's b g Fisherman, aged, 9st 21bs (Battye) .. 2 Betting : 2 to 1 on Advocate. The paii1 ran head and head till within the distance, when the favourite came out, and after a fine finish, won by a short length, in 2minutes 28 seconds, being sold by auction immediately for £20, realising £9 to the funds. THIRD DAY-Fmdat. The conhined attraction, of fine weather and a fine programme brought out a rattling attendance on the course, and if sunshine and splendid racing could satisfy the crowds of visitors, surely they had to-day nothing to complain of. Everything went off well ; and the only thing to mar the enjoyment, was the scratching of Mr. Tait's pair for their engagements which was made necessary because their owner and Charley Stanley had to be in Sydnej- on Saturday morning, to leave by the steamer for Melbourne, with tbe two-year-old Florence. About eleven o'clock there commenced a regular stampede from town, and while every available nag and ' kuacker's-drag ' was to be soon careering along, the ' foot back ' division were wonderfully numerous. The Volunteer Band played lots of enlivening music during theafternoon.andadded materiidly to the general enjoyment. The ball opened with the Trinec of Vales Stakes which brought out the same quartette as contested tie Trial Stakes on the first day, and Moderator was of course the favourite at even money. Old Pacha found friends at 2 to L Albeit showing most unmistakably signs of having been in Fred Martincer's hands on Wednesday. Poor Old Pacha I — the hero of a hundred fights — though every body admires his gamencss, no one likes to see him race; and Mr. De Clouct might let him repose on the laurels he has so well won. Mr. Town's filly was too good for her company, and won easily. Pacha and Midnight niuking a fine race for second place in which Wednesday's order was reversed. Silverstain was the best favourite for the Great Western Handicap, and justified the con fidence by making her own running, from end to end, and winning in a canter. The Moor and Carnation ran a fine race all through for second place ; but Phoebe, who, I believe, is retiring from the turf, showed that four hard races in three days, and all losing ones, are more than even such a game mare as she ought to be treated to. Juanita had a walk over for the Grand Stand Stakes ; the Ida Colt having gone home, and Mickey Free being kept for the Free Handicap. For this there came out seven horses, and Surbiton was made favourite, as little as 2 to 1 being snapped up about him. He never made a show at any part of the race, and Joe Miller, who cut down his field in going up tho hill, won in a canter. They made Mr. Ford's horse favourite for the Forced Handicap, but he could'ntgive Mickey Free the sixteen pounds required of him, and the latter, after making all the running, won easily, without ever being approached. The Bathurst Jockey Club are to be congratulated on the success of their meeting, tho only drawback to absolute perfection being the rain on the first day. The officials, too, must be congratulated on their manner of conducting the races — Mi'. T. H. West especially on his handicapping, and Mr. Lydiurd and his police for the excellent order in which the town and district show out at race time. Thus dosed the meeting, and all that remains is to give a resume of third day's racing thus : — The Prince of Wales Stakes of 30 sovereigns, with a sweep of 2 sovereigns each added, for all horses ; 1$ mile ; the winner to be sold by auction immediately after the race for £50 ; if for £40, allowed Tibs ; £30, 121bs ; £20, 191bs. One half of the surplus, if any, to go to tlie second horse, the other half to the race fund. Mr. A. Town's c f Moderator, 3years, £20, Gst (O'Sbield) .. 1 J. Kuthcrford's lilk f Midnight, 4 years, £20, Tst Olbs (1'otrr.rty) .. .. .. .. n .1. De cloutt'B r c g Pacha, aged, £30, Tst Slbs (F. Martineer) „ .. ., ti 3 E. Head's b g Paris, aged, £20, Sst fib James Young's b I Blue Bonnet, 4 years, £20, Tst 121bs. Betting : Even on Moderator against the field ; 2 to 1 v. Pacha ; 5 to I each v. Midnight and Blue Bonnet. ' At the fall of the flag, Martineer took Pacha at once to the front, with Paris and Midnight in close company with him, the rear being brought up by Moderator. Except that Blue Bonnet ran past Midnight at the stand, there was no change until going down tbe bill, when the lot got into close order, and the pace im proved as the favourite began to feel the pukes of her companions as they rose tbe bill Here Moderator ran past the others, and when they came into view, was sailing away with a strong lead, of which she was not afterwards deprived. Midnight and Pacha made a great struggle for second place; and the old horse, whose cutting-down days arc ove ?, was beaten at the finish. The Great Western Handicap of 80 sovereigns, with a sweepstake of 6 sovereigns each added, half forfeit. Entrance fee only, if declared by Thursday, the 17th day of February, at 4 p.m. 1J mile. Second horse to receive 10 sovereigns from the prize. Mr. J. T. Tindalo's g f Silverstain, 4 years, Ost 8U-3 (Shep herd) .. .. .. .. .. 1 J. De Clouefs blk g Tbe Moor, 0 years, Sst21bs(T. Martineer) .. ., .. .. .. 2 A. Town's b m Carnation. 5 years, Sst 21bs (J. M'Cabe) ? .. ..3 E. Leo's c m rhcebc, aged, 9st 31bs. Betting : 10 to C v. Silverstain ; 2 to 1 each v. Car nation, The Moor, and Phoebe. The Moor went first to the front, tbe others lying close to him ; but eie the stand was reached the black horse had retired in favour of the grey filly, who had a commanding lead. Phcebe, who was never in the race died away to nothing, after a mile had been traversed ; and the light weight without being inte fcredwith, won easily. After a capital race for second money, The Moor won it by a head on the post. Time : 2 min. 4G sees. The Grand Stand Stakes of 2 sovereigns each, hali forfeit, with 30 sovereigns added ; for all horses ; li mile. A winner of any race of the value of 40 sove reigns Slbs. ; SO sovereigns, 71hs. ; 120 sovereigns, 10 Jbs. ; 200 Eovereigns, 14 lbs. ; 300 sovereigns, 19 lbs. extra. J. M'Quade's b m Juanita, 3 years, Tst 91bs .. .. w.o. Fourth Bace,— The Free Handicap of 5 sovs each, for all ?starters, with 40 sovs added, once round ; to close on the day of general entry. Mr. J. Ford's b g Joe Miller, C years, Tst Slbs (M'Cabe) .. 1 J. Be Clouef 6 blk g Tbe Moor, Set 1211)3 (R Martineer) 2 R. Eead's Mickey Free, Trt 41bs (F. M'Cabe) . . 3 T. Ivory's Barney, 6 years, fct 121bs E. Lee's b c Surbiton, 3 years, Ost 121bs J. T. Tindale's g m Silverstain, 3 years, Cst 21bs C. Tindalo's c m Fancy, Cst Slbs. Betting : 2 to 1 v Surbiton ; 5 to 2 v Fancy ; 3 to 1 v Joe Miller. One break-away was followed by a good even start, and Barney with Fancy in attendance commenced, cut ting out the work in good earnest ; the ruck well laid up, and Mickey Free bringing up the rear, some lengths astern. Fancy run past Barney going down the hill, and raced in front along the bottom ; being joined at tbecommencement of the rise by Joe Miller, Silveratain, and The Moor. Before reaching the top of the hill, Joe Miller had established himself in front, a position he maintained to the end unchallenged, winning by three or four lengths, easily, in spite of the exertions of The Moor and Mickey who were ridden home forsecond place, which fell to Mr. De Clouet's nag. The Forced Handicap of 2 sovereigns each, with 20 sovereigns added ; for all winners, except the Tally-ho Stakes. Randwick conditions. Mr. E. Eead's c b Mickey Free, aged, 7st (Brown) .. 1 J. Ford's b g Joe Miller, C years, Sst £lbs (Colley) . . 2 TfntlmrfnrfVfi hll- m MirtnirM A wars /fihfirrinirliimi^ '. De Cluuef 5 blk g Tlie Moor, aged, Sst 121bs Tindale's c f Fancy, 4 years, Cst. Betting : 2 to 1 v Joe Miller, 3 to 1 each v the Moor and Midnight. A\Tien the weights appeared 2 to 1 was laid on Joe Miller ; hut although it was looked upon as such a good thing, the pot boiled over ; and Mickey Free who wasn't backed for straws, went in front from the jump, and without difficulty won in a common canter, by as far as he choose. This being over, the crowds dis persed, and the pleasant and pretty course was de serted in a short half hour by those who had so fully enjoyed the Eathurst Autumn Meeting of 1S70. 