Music and the Drama. " JuBtlco always whirls In equal measure."-LOVK'S LABÍÍÜK LCST. You liavo seou Charles Mathews at tho theatre-pos sibly ou his first appearance here on|Monday night ns Sir Charles Coldstream, and Captain Patter- you have soon his portrait iu this journal, UB Plumper, andyouhave ] not recognized tho likeness. Perhaps youmay havo seen Mr. diarios Mathews in }n'op)ia jjcrsona, in tho stroot, and have not found tho slightest point of resemblance between him and either of his portraits. That's exactly tho thing. If - you want to see Charles Mathews as ho is, you must look at him in his private j everyday character. Tho moment you see him on the ( stage, you lose tho identity of tho man in the indivi duality of the character he represents. So perfect is this conversion of himself into tho impersonation of the moment, that when ho effects a rapid chango, as in 'Tatter versus Clatter," tho spectator is at first doubt ful whether it is tho same pemon. "Who's that?" was tho remark of many, with a look at the Entr'Acte, as tho double of Herr Pcitter entered, and it was a moment or two before tho conviction dawned on them that it was Mathews himself. One mau is said to havo left tho theatre iu Melbourne, disgusted at such acting, whim a man moved about and spoke exactly as any other common man would who wasn't an actor at all. A little boy, too, said that tho gen tleman on the stago talked as papa talked to mama. Such is tho perfect naturalness of Mr. Mathows's acting, without the slightest effort to appear natura1, without raising the voice loud, without talking with any speci ally marked pronunciation, or in that languid, affected, nonchalant style, whioh with many and by many is taken to bo tho natural style of tho present day. Tho oyo never seeks tho audience for approval, or watches for any effect ; for any special ? object, oxcopt that affecting the characters of thc piece, thire might as well bc no audience present. Tho immense success of Monday night, tho hearty' and joyous welcome, and enthusiastic reception of Charles Mathews by ono of tho most crowded assemblies ever collected within the walls of tho Prince of Wides Theatre, making it almost a matter of impossibility for very many even to catch a glimpse of tho favourite, havo been duly chronicled in tho columns of tho daily, papers. But what an audionco was there ! Many who had for years never been inside a theatre ; old gentle men who had long given up the idea of public evening amusements, wero brought forth from their comfortable firesides to regalo themselves with tho sight of a friend of their by gone years, to join in welcoming him amongst us, to participate in tho feast of humour he offered for their acceptance. Many, too, wero prcsont, staid quiot people, whom one would scarcoly supposo would ever visit a theatre. Faces wreathed in smiles, hearty laughter, jocund mirth were seen and hoard around, affordingthe best proof of tho pleasuro received and tho acknowledgment of true genius. Can I add anything to the praise that has already boon written in tho memoir of Charles Mathews that appeared in last week's journal? Scarcely, if I wero to analyze every incident of the two pieces that wei e represented on Monday night, one of which has boen seen over and over again, in Sydney, and well done, too, by Sir William Don and othors. Tho ease and elegance of a rierfect gentleman in Sir Charles Coldstream (oven when most bored by-his obsequiousjfriendi-, his thorough ennui when, with half-closed eyes, ho muons to their adventures, tho perfect indifferonce_ with which ho contemplates tho acceptance or rejection of his offer of marriage to Lady Clutterbuck, his d«svelop mont of " pulsation," whon he is at length roused to action by tho attack of tho blacksmith whom ho over comes by his scientific grip, his disgust at " bacon and cabbage," which he is compelled to devour by hunger brought on by actual work for the first time in IIÍB life, his real but " unsensational" horror on imagining that his conscience has made him see the ghost of Ironbraco, tho smothered anger with which he hears his detrac tions from his supposed friends, oven the quiet love making, different from tho " delicate attentions" tobe paid to a lady of his own rank,-all these are rendered with a manner so natural as to bo tho perfection of acting. It is tho nature of high art, that art whoso characteristics are so difficult to fix in description.. It is nature without effort; it is not the art which is made to resemble nature, it is everyday naturo itself. In order to appreciate fully tho acting of Charles Mathews, you must not bo contented by hearing what ho utters, or by catching a passing poep at him,-you must see him fully,-watch his every movement, every facial expression, every twinkle of tho eye-and with almost every chango of muscio you havo a different pic ture. Sir Charles Coldstream ennuyé, and Sir Charles Coldstream in action, aro two very different portrait.". And so with all his other characters, as you will see. Look at Patter,-so perfectly unattainable in tho past or present, and ono may venture to say, in the futuro also ! Tho number of opposite characters assumed in this piece ! The dapper little ca¡itain (Hides, as they used to bo, I think,) who can't get in a word edgeways, because "every ono will talk so,"-his own character ; then the doubles of most of tho other personages ; tho funny Dutch bill-broker; Miss Patty Parker's lover, Percy Pouter, suffering from a perpetual " cold id his dose ;" tho chattering barber, with all tho nows of tho day (and no pantomimic shaving materials, a3 in tho "Bru-berof Seville"), then suddenly back to each of tho preceding characters as tho compulsorily mute originals enter, and ho describes ia his " characteristic finale what each meant to say," thus keeping to himself tho entire talking of tho piece (for, with the exception of Mr. Hasker'a Popper Parker, tho rest of tho characters aro nothing but foils, present in body only,)-those are pic tures worthy of tho minute descriptive powers of the lamented Charles Dickens. Does such an actor, such an artistic genius as Charles Mathews, who has made tho world speak of him, require flattery at his present time of lifo? And is it not flattery to say that Timo has- effected no alteration in him ? An occasional-very rare-catch ing at a word, tho very slightest hesitation in delivery, tho faintest loss of brightness of tho oyo, or tho smallest " crow's foot," give us that one touch of real naturo which tells us that Time stays his hand for no man, and that makes us feel that it is tho real Charles Mathews of former years who is before us, and not one in his semblance who has changod in his naturo as timo lins advanced. It has been objected as impolitic or unkind to have mentioned his former pecuniary difficulties. But theso have long ceased to be private, or even to bo troubles ; and no ono has been so ready as ho to wear his heart on his sleeve, and to relato anecdotes against himself. Some years ago, on giving tho routino toast of "Tho Army and Navy," aa chairman of tho anniversary dinner of tho Royal General Theatrical Fund-"With respect to the latter," said lie, "I think I have a claim ti bo heard with attention, for I've been in and oat of the Fleet all my life." Old folks will well rcinemnar tho old Fleet prison for debtors. Only quito recently, on tho occasion of his farewell benefit on thc 4th January, ho congratulated thc audionco and himself on the fast that to give publicity to this benefit it had not been found necessary to issue a singlo bill, poster, or placard. .'Thotiino has boon," ho concluded, "when my bills were flying all about London." A hundred similarly amusing anecdotes and bona mot may be related of Charles Mathews. | "Would it not bo possible that thero should bo a inorningperformance, that our young people may witness his representations, and be ablo hereafter to remember having seen on tho stage the artist with whoso acting their fathers and grandfuthors had been delighted. Tho first pioco of tho evening was that admirable littlo dialoguo *. A Happy Pair," whoso domestic dis agreements wore most charmingly pourtrayed by Miss Colville and Mr. Hoskins. In addition to vory remark able elocutionary improvement, and grace iii stage business, Miss Colville has tho great merit of always dressing with groat taste, and representing tho char acter she assumes to great advantage. Pow would havo thought a year ago that this lady would over bo capable of assuming tho position sho now occupies, and of eliciting applause so enthusiastic as that which greeted her and Mr. Hoskins before the appearance of the favourite on Monday evening. Tho benefit of Mr. and Mrs. E. Holloway was given at tho Adelphi on Tuesday evening, when they appeared in tho drama of "The Ocean Child," and Miss Cooper ably pourtrayed tho character of Jessie Brown in "The Siego of Lucknow." BIRON". 