' BRISBANE. communicated, " Coming events cast their shadows beforo." A political storm is rising that threatens to divido oar State-ship's crow, and our financial position is bcooming every year more and more depressed. The true cause for tho first is the breach of pughtod troth by our rulers — for tho second, tho incompetency, or the falso calcula tion, of tbo gentleman in charge of tho Trea sury. If wo only look baok a few mouths, and compare the hustings' promises of tho Premier and tho Treasurer with their lato pro ceedings, wo may well exolaitn, " How havo the mighty.falloD." This is not moro badinage used to vont party or politioai spleen, but basod upon positive, and not assumed facts, that havo been brought glaringly to light during our parliamentary rece33, viz., the Premier's unauthorized order to Mort and Co. for three ocean stonmers ; his outlay of £10,000 to £12,000 q -year for teachers salaries without tho authority, consent, or oven knowledge of tho Education Board, and his unprecedented conduct as Attornoy- General, while in tho reoeipt of £1000 a year in acting against tho Crown as a private bar rister, aud by his speoial pleading in Tully's case inflioti ng on the oountry a debt of £20,000 ; a beggarly Treasury, and tho undue monopoly, of our Crown. lands by tbo Mioistor in ohargo of thorn. These I deem, ample oause for in dignant opposition. Indeed I think it may bo fairly assumed ,tho time will bo found to have arrived when colonial Stato chicanery, a nar row system of vicious politics, and a coalition as feeble in strength as it is infamous in its mercenary motives, should bo at onco abolished and for ever. I will not indulge in the per sonal charges lately mado against tho Premier by our oity members " as a pot boon compnoion of tho vulgar and tho low." but L must obarcc him with a political inconsistency that has destroyed a party in tho IIouso many wished welUo. Yes, he has now utterly dostroyed his own pot party, and has made it ovon venal in tho eyes, of all honest thinkers and well- wishers to thoir. oouotry. If bis race bo not cheokod, he and his Treasuror combined will sink .Queensland deopcr and deeper iato a vortex of debt .that will tako many years toil and labour to recover from; At tho largest and most influential meeting ever held at our Town Hall by our city members, and at whieh tho Premier was . present and many of his friends, Dr. O'Doborty declared, io tbo name of himself and his oollo&gaes;,' " that tho failures of tbo. Lilley administration as a whole havo boon transparent to everybody, and . that thoy felt justified iq calling upon them to stand aside aod mako way for other and better mou." Further oh said Dr. O'Doherty, 14 Of our old frieud, Charles Lilley, we can havo no hopes. By his personal folly ho has allowed his norao and with it tho honour of tho Premiership of tho colony to bo dragged in thp mire ; whilst by his politioai iuoonsistenoy, bis .lawyer- like stupidity, and gross betrayal of all bis plodgcs, be bas proved bimsolf utterly unworthy to lead tho popular cause."; Such swooping charge: .as theso coming by united couscnt from three of our oity mombors can not havo orison without causo, and knowiog' thot tho Chronicle has for muuy years been circulated in tbo important district of the Darling Downs, I think electors thoro should be well posted up in all- our political tbreatqpings, ohianges, and necessities. , Qcnco X bopo I need no apology for- rather a long reaurao of the meeting in quostioo; interspersed by a fow remarks that Bobor experience In a long colonial. life, compels mo to .mako for my own a well as my. follow oolonists advantage. I will not, however, wod myself entirely to tho dootor's wbolesalocondomnation of tho Premier, but call your' attention to the opinions . of oar other members, Mr'. Eraser and Mr. Edmund- Btoac.; "There was certainly," said tbo former, 14 a promlso. conveyed in tho speech from' tho throne, that thero would lie an exten sion of publio works so urgently required; And. tinder this promise -tho Ltlloy administration bad our support." Tbo. Premier said the Government proposed to cobstrtiet tbo.Brisbaqo Railway, and also con sidered that the cxtonsion of the Northern Railway from Westwood to the Dawson, would bo the truest policy ' it .'.could pursue. I uow think this was said, simply to oatcb the votes of tbo Brisbaoo mombors. If so, it was a suc cessful ruse, and did catch them. Tbo Premier was often tauntod on tho subjcot, but as often put us off with the bxcuso, w .Wait- patiently, and you -will see - tho whole of my scboino de veloped by and by!"' -Well, wo did wait; bnt tho only policy of which we could see any sigo was that of rest and caution— a policy uttorly uosuitcd for a young colony euoh as this, and earrics: absurdity on the fuoo of it, for the colony cannot afford to .rest and stand 6till, whilo others around us oro going ahead. .This is the. age of progress, and a young colony like this must advance with tbo others, nod not be left behind by hnr'rulors. Thorooan bo no question I think j that Mr. Fraser's views will bo eoboed bv a largo majority of tbo doctors. and it is qaito oortain that if immigration is to continue, railwayoxte'nsiou aod other publio works- must bo proceeded with. Tho next obargo l -find our city members making is ogainst the Treasurer, who, in Brisbane aod East and West Moreton, is bocoming as un popular as bis ohiof, Mr. Fraser stated io tho fatter portion of his. . speech ss . follows " Well, at last wo got the Budget, and tho Treasurer promised, us that if wo would only forbear. from opposition, and givq Goveromcot "thoir own way, that at tho end of the year wo should bavo a surplns of £30,000. But, in stead of this, just as I; expeoted,' at the end of tbo. year, the honourable gentleman found himself woefully mistaken. . There has io faot been ao enormous defleieooy, and instead. of having a surplus of £30,000, as promised by our great financier, tho Colonial Treasurer (laughter), he has been £40,000 out of his calculations." Mr; Fraser thon heartily condemned the cooduct of the Government towards tho Australasian Steam Navigation Company, \and strongly. criticised Mr. Lilley's unnecessary introduotion of freo education by tho State in a oolony whore labour of every kind was so much better remunerated than in other countries. , He strongly critici6od, too, tho Premier's cooduot in ordering three ooean steamers to be built by Messrs. Mort aod Co., without tho slightest sanction of bis colleagues or' of Parliament, at a cost of from £16,000 to £20,000.. Mr. Edmondstone said : 44 1 cordially oonour in everything my colleagues have advanced, and they will have my strenuous support in Parliament" Dr. O'Doherty win answer to a question from an elector, stated ; " I will certainly support a vote of want of confidence in the Lilley ad ministration at the re-assembling of Parlia ment." Mr. Fraser, in roply to another, said : " If it wero possiblo, I would mako ministers per sonally responsible for their acts, when perhaps Mr. Taylor would havo to pay from his own pocket £20,000." Having given you tho sallying points of tho addresses by our city inombers, allow mo to Tcfer you to otbor matters of gravo import touched upon at tho nomination of candidates for East Morotoa at tho late meeting, which took placo at noon on Thursday lost, at tho Police Court, io Queen-strcot. Mr. Atkin, after having referred to the manner in whioh his opponent (Mr. Cribb)hnd beon mado a tool of, by submitting to be brought forward as a ' political nine-pin' uttho last two or tbroo oleotions in tho oity, gavo Mr. Lilley some sharp homo thrusts on his presence there that day, and as Premier sup porting a oandidato in tho forthcoming election. Ho very humourously replied to tho ohargo of tbo ' Courier' on bis (Mr. Atkin'a) loiug an unscrupulous politician, and retorted upon tho absurdity of Mr. Cribb's ' fides achates' (Mr. Stephens) being the accusor, when io fact ho was tho very mau who brought Mr. Douglas forward against Mr.Cribbat a former election. Ho commented strongly on tho proceedings taken by the Government against the Australa sian Steam Navigation Company, and their absurd conduot in chartering " a great collier utterly unfit to perform tho sorvico required of her." Perhaps, Mr. Editor, I oapnot do bettor tban clip tho finanoial portions of Mr. Atkin's 6pceoh from his own paper, for you aro awaro a moro slip of tho pen, whon ono doals in hun dreds and thousands of pounds, may mako a very ugly mistake. I thoreforo bore take up bis speeoh from tho 4 Express' of this day (Saturday), wbero bo givo9 his reasons for' op posing tho prcsout administration:-— Ho had felt it Ills duty to oppose tho present Govorumcnt on publio grounds. Tbo prosont Go vernment wero pledged to the people to construct tho railway from Ipswich to Brisbane; find it .was fully expected that Inst session a bill would have beon brought in for that object. Mr. Stephens, howator, camo forward, and, in bis budgot, showed, or oudeavoured to show,. tbnt tho colony was financially in a frightful state, and tbo Go vernment said it was absolutely nocossnry to " rcBt and be cautious." Tho consequence of this do- nothing policy was, that tho railway question v/as put on odo side altogether. Mr. Stophons then brought in a bill to raise mo. oy to pay off some of tho debts nlrcacly contracted, whorotipon bis present colleague Mr. Priag moved nn nmendm nt thai the sum of £250,000 should bo rnisod by loan to construct this railway. There njver was a timo mora highly favourable for raising money tban on that occasion ; but the opportunity was lost, nnd through tho " rest and bo cautious" policy of tho Ministry the railway was never begun. Mr. Lilley actively opposed the construction of tho railwny, and called upon the "pure merino" parly in tho Houso to stand by him in his opposition 'to it. According to Hansard ho was reported as having "culled upon tho Houso to support him in making a stand against incurring n responsibility tho colony was not .in a position to.uiidertoko." llo pointed out at tbo time tho debt of the colon v was alrondy £40 per bead of tho population nnd tho roventie not clustio, nnd said that no capitalists could ' bo found who would lend r/s tho money ; and concluded that memorable speech by asking the Houso to follow his advice " to rest and bo cautious." But thiB fit of economy forsook him wheu a fow months afterwards ho wont down to Sydney, whoro, on tjio part of this colony, he entcfcd into nil. manner of oxtrnvaganco. llo (Mr. Atkin) found that on tho 31st Doccmbor last, instead of thero boing anything Ilka a fulGlraeutof the promises mado by tbo Government during the railway debate, as to the flourishing condition of the colony, its dobt was 'actually increased by £80,000, while tho revenue had fallen off £40,000. Notwithstanding this, ex'eosivo contracts lincl beon entered into for subsidising foreign Iclogroph lines, to the extent of at least £20,000, by which tbo' colony, would hot benefit a sixpence. The sum of £3,800 a year bad to bo spent in tbo maintenance of. tbeso linos, and all' this waa done by a Government which , said the colony could not afford the Brisbane ; Rail way, from, which a large revenue . would bo derived.; "When in ! Sydney, making theso extravagant and prepostorous con tracts on tho part of tho "Government, ho got the Premier of Now South' Wales, Mr. Robertson, to net as n dclcgnto on behalf of this colony. Why did ho (Mr. Lilley), not rcprcsont us himBolf? Wnsriio ashamed 'or afraid, to do so? Tt was his duty thbnvo acted for. himself, boing tlierc ; but, ho uovcr oven attached his owo.hamo to. tho agree ment. This economical Premier .went down to Sydnoy, nnd there gavo orders for tlio construction of- three largo sea-going stenmora— of which tho colony wero in no need whatever— without the sanction of Parliament. But when he returned ho was obliged to cat his. own promises. Tlio Go vernment repudiated tho contract as far as they could, and wo hoar nctually-gavo. Mr. Mort, of Sydney £4000 to rccoup'him for his loss by the mistnko the Premier had made. . : Tho Government had dodged about first with ooc, tbon with another — with any. party .whose support they could get hold of.' They .ran .about after tho Ipswich men to get their support— anything to keep them in office. Tbey'took thoir lhousand n.piece, kept no promises thoy bad - made, and told the people to "rest and be cautious:" Why if any one badactcd unscrupulously U was tho Premier himself. Ho hod no ill-feeling towards that honourable gcntlo- tuuu, »ui uvu » uu uneven iur. t,iiioy to no a very able and talented man, but decidedly unscru pulous in his public acts. Look at his conduct in tho caso of. Mocdonald. ,v. Tully. As tho logal adviser of tho Government, he was paid £1000 a year, and yot ho did not scruple to accept a brief from qu antagonist, for whom he obtained a verdict of something approaching £20,000 against tho Government; Mr. Lilloy : That is not true. Mr. Atkin : But I say it is truo. The ultimate cost to tho jxriony wilt amount, to' more than. the sum I have stated.. Tho verdict was, I believo, £16, OCX), but what would the costs be? Could Mr. Lilloy tell him that ?. His conduct hnd been uni versally reprobated throughout tho colonics. Tho administration by tho Government of the Land Act was positively disgraceful. Wbero was tbo Minister for Laods at that moment? Why, up at tho land sale nt Toowoomba, buying largo tracts of country with land-orders. Thoso were a few of his reaeoos for opposing the present Government. He thought tho interests of the colony wero in jeopardy in their hands, for their wbolo career was unscrupulous and unconstitutional. They were pledged to a policy of retrenchment ; but what hnd they done to carry it out. Finding it impossible to screw more money out of tho poople by taxa tion, thoy cast about for something to seize bold of to cut dowo, aud by Mr. Taylor's ndvico hud cut off £7000 from tho votes for charitable purposes. They had taken this sum from the poor, tho sick, and tho needy, to spcod it on salaries to their parasites in tho Civil Service. This was thoir great retrenchment. No reduction was r ttempled in the cases of the men who, wero getting exorbi tant salaries for doing nothing. IIo would, how ever, ask how it was that tho Crown Prosecutors were not attondiug to their duties? how it was that Mr. M'Devitt had been sent up to Gladstone to prosecute Milliard when there was already & Crowo Prosecutor on the spot appointed for tha dnty? Again, why had the Attorncy.Gcncral been engaged to prosecute in a recent c&so; in the Metropolitan District Court, iostead of allowing Mr. Paul, whoso duty it was, to do so? Then, again, tins economical Government has sold our best dredge, and left us with ono which, ho was credibly informed, was worm-eaten and unfit for use. That was one of thoir worst actions— the most unpardonable. Tho result of their sprees and their follies was that tho colony had boon let in for a considerable sum. Some of them hardly appeared to know what thoy were doing nt all ; bin the uufortunato publio were saddled with tho consequences of this recklessness. . llo would sup port a Redistribution Bill on a popular basis ; also a Drainage , Bill, by which tho Government would be empowered to lend money to farmers on the security of real property at a cheap rate of in terest. In Ireland sucd a system had been found to work well. Ho believed in protection to native industries, in a modified form. Cotton growing was becoming an important industry, from tho protection accorded to it, nnd ho would uphold its support. Sugar growing was also becoming an :inportant feature in tbo colony ; ho ivouht extend protection to maize nnd other articles which cnuld be produced in the colony. Ho considered it a slmmo to sco so much imported from Sydney tlmt could bo easily grown hero. Ua could point out what protection had dnno in Victoria, where only tho year beforo lust £80,000 pounds had been paid away for boots and shoes alone. Every vessel that left this colony for Europo took away a quan tity of hides and nrmosa bark that' could, and properly should, ho employed here iu tho cotoay for tanning. These raw materials return in a manufactured state ; but why not try and manu facture tho- articles hero, in tho colony, nnd snvo the -money. If this were done, it would render tho colony far moro prosperous. Tho same might bo said of the ready mado clothing im ported here, /or which so largo n sum was ex- )oudud. . To show what protection hnd done for Victoria, ho would mention that there, in 1864, before this policy was adopted, G00Q men were employed in manufactories; but in 18C8, after only four years of protection, no 'loss than 14,000 wero employed. In the mills ;nnd breweries in that colony he found that 000 moo were employed in 1864, and 4,000 wore . uow so employed ; nnd all this whilst the yield of gold Iu tbc four years to 1863, had decreased £448,000; tho agricultural nnd manufacturing industries, during tho same period, having increased £1,874,789, leaving upwards of a -million and a half, iiu favour, of the colony. Theso wero im portant facts ; and with such facts before them thoy would do well, to look a littlo more closely into the questions1 of. freo trade nnd protection. IIo was perfectly convinced that a modcrnto system of protccticn was necessary for tho colony, nnd real prosperity would not bo established until we had such n systqm. Another hoavy ex- pendituro would bo incurred by Mr. Lilley's freo education scheme, which' would cost tho colony nt lenst soma £10,000 or £12,000 n year. As far as ho (Mr. Atkin) was concerned ho was deter mined that not one singlo penny of additional ox- pouditurc should be incurred by the Government uutil.tho IlriDbnna railway was taken in bund. There were other interests which also required to bo lookod oftor, to which ho found ho had no timo now to nlludc. In conclusion, ho would promise that, if returned, ho would do his host for tbo interests of tbo colony, and of his constituents. Ho was of opinion that thero wero still honest and retpectablo men to be found who could administer the affairs of tho colony without letting its honour bo dragged down as if had boon Mono. If they returned him to Parliament he would uphold their interests in ovory way. Air. Cribb succeeded Mr. Atkin, and at first was loudly cheored. ' It soon becamo ovidoot, however, from his well known antagonism to tho Australasian Steam Navigation Company, through which ho bad sufjjprcd in his pockotas a shareholder in tho lute Quoeosland Steam Navigation Company, that ho bad not a ghost of a chnnco in tho contest beforo'bim. . In short, it .was evidont that ho was only the politioai mho- pin, sot up by tbo wiloy Charles to bo flung at aud - knocked; dowo. Aftor a very questionable harangue, he , rotired'. in favour of his moro able' and popular opponent, and tho Returning OfRoer declared, amidst loud and repoated chooriog, Mr. Atkin to be tho duly; elected representative : of East Moreton. , .';(V New Insolvents.— Tho Government Gazette of Saturday reports the insolvency of Owen Con. nor, labourer, Ipswich ; A. M. FranciS, farmer, of Oxley -Crook ; nnd \V. E. Hilliard, Gladstone. Tho Courier of yesterday adds to tho list Isabella Langmoro; of Itocklrampton ; Thomas Whito,pro.- prietor of. tho. Maryborough Mail', and Chariot CiithiiBh, storekeeper, of Dulby—all on their own petitions. The Parramatta Municipal Election bas rcsnltod in tbo following polling and re turn of Councillors. For Marsdoo Ward tho votc9 polled .wore— Mr. J. W. Bowden, 9ff, for Mr. Joseph Booth, 72; for Forrest Ward, Mr. ; James Pyo, 100, Mr. John Trott, 05 ; Gore Ward, Mr. E Mason, 88, Mr. L.' Misuser, 42, John Pyo, .27. Messrs Bowden, Pyo, son ior and Mason were therefore declared by tlio returning oilicor duly elected. Tho soveral candidates afterwards returned thanks to tho electors for tho fresh honours imposed upon them, duriog wbiob somo rather hard words passed botween Alder men Pyo and Trott on'tho supplyiof water (to tho towu. Both are vary old residents in Parramatta — sago local men who have largo interests at stake in it, and both woll worthy of a seat io thoir local parliament. Only one, however, oould bo returned for tho Ward ooo- tested, and Mr. Pye being a native of the town and havine the efcateat amount ofwoaltb. especially as a vigocren, had tho proforenoo shown him by. his brothor townsmen. . Mr, Barker, lato Town Clerk, has boon suocooded by Mr. noaton. Tho Mayor's muntlo this year bas fallen upon tho shoulders of C. J. Byrnes, Esq., J.P , son of tbo old member of tbo town and lato Minister of WorkB. Tbo ox- Mayor bad a pleasing voto of thanks con voyed to'blm for his Good guardianship of tho municipality 'throughout his Msyorality for 1869. Shocking Death near Warwick. — On Tuesday ovooiog, information was rocoivod in io?o that a well- known old resident in this district, named Solomon Frost, had been crushed to death on tho road leadiog to Luoky Valley. -Tbo news caused considerable excite ment, and turned out to be true. Tbo do- oeascd, it would appear, was takiog a load of goods to Locky Valtoy Ho was accompanied by his wifo, bis 6on-in-1uw, and family. Wbeu about six miles from \Yarwiok, and near to Cooper's farm, ho was seen by bis son-io-law, wbo was walking bobind tbo dray, to bo laid oo tbo ground near a treo which tho dray had just passed. .Ho was picked up, and aftor uttering a few words, be died. Tho causo of the accident appoars to bo that ho was crashed between tbo wbcolof tbo dray and tho trco, 1 and suffered a concussion of the apioo as well as receiving a sovoro Bbook to tho norvous sys tem. Dr. Margetts was sent for, and after makiog a 'postmortom1 examination, concluded that the deceased bad met bis death by being crushed against tbo troo.— ' Warwick Exa miner and Times.' Ou 1— Why U the newly-discovored cavern In Denbighshire like Izask Walton?— Wby, because it Is a remarkable fiehcr , man. 