If Ballarat be unanimous and determined in demanding the reduction of mining lease rents, they -will be reduced.- But if there should happen to lie a split in the camp, the reform so much needed may be indefinitely postponed. Nothing would so' greatly delight Mr Brough Smyth, strength ened as he is by the stupidly selfish action, taken by the Mining Boards of Beech/worth and Maryborough, as to see thatTlie miners and leaseholders - of Ballarat were not an accord on this question. -A large revenue is indispensable to the existence j) the Mining Department, . and no one, knows better ihan the Secretary of .Mines upon wliat a precarious tenure Tie continues to hold office. So long as he can show the Treasurer for the time being that the receipts of the department' go a long way . towards covering the expenditure, h is tolerably sure of extending his own lease'of- power. Treasurers as a . rale lrnow nothing of and care nothing about the great inidus- try of the country. All they look to is- revenue, whether it take the form of payments for miners rights, court fees, > or mining leases. Indeed, in their secret souls we believe they have alwaysi re garded the -abolition of the export duty on gold as a grave political mistake. But" we are not going to stop to argue that point. "What we wish to impress upon the men of Ballarat is this — that the meeting to be held to-morrow night in the Alfred TTall should be both unanimous and en thusiastic on the subject of the ; first instalment of mining reform- — a consider able reduction of lease rents. Unless this be flie case, the large and influential deputa- tion which waited some short time ago on the Minister of Mines might as well Jiave stopped at home, and the two secretaries of the Reform Association have saved them selves no little trouble and expense, i Mr Mackay has declared that the public voice must be in favor of , reduction before he will budge an inch- from J .the, ®ospel according to Bendigo and Brpugh amytlr. The same gentleman is so wedded to his narrow views that he -almost insulted the Geelong deputation the other day by,! telling them that he should liave thought far more of the request for reduction hid it emanated from Stieglitz. This. slight must, have been intentional, for it is difficult to : believe that, short time as he has been in: office, Mr Mackay could be so. igubrint bf the relations between Geelong and .Stiiglitz, as to ignore the pretensions: of thB;fqnner town to have a decided voice in a matter, which so nearly concerns its prosperity- It must be remembered topi lhat CI tines iaa not yet folly spoken out on this question, although we know' "well that from! that quarter no uncertain sound will come, jwhen 1 an expression of public opinioii.is asked 'for. No other district seems tOr.haye been com-: municated 1 with — Or- if ; any hfl£ -:.no , steps have been taken to eet 'the masses in motion. On every account therefore it- behoves Ballarat to .make suri-jipmpn-;; station as will convince -'4iKp MSnsfec of Mines that the demand for a' reduction '.of. lease rents is not only -ah" equitable one, but also that the continuance of The present : . - high impost is unjust, impolitic, and akoniaj lous. , , " ' ' | -; We fear that through- some < mal td rqit- hess on the part of the Mining Reform Association, that body and the Miners Association are likely to be at cross pur poses. The latter— the working men's association — insist tliat tlie labor covenants -of leases sliall he ' observed, otherwise they- will not support a reduction of rent. The Reform Association on the other hand, thoughdoubtless quite willing that shepherd ing of leases should Ire done away with, yet seem to tliinl- tliat it is the business of the Government to enforce the lease covenants: And here we agree with them, and also with the Minister of Mines, who is parti cularly emphatic upon this point. -Mr Mackay by insisting upon the fulfilment of the lease regulations is, unconsciously per haps, very severe upon the department of which he is the political if not the' real head. It is notorious that as long as the half-year's rents have been duly paid in ad vance no questions have been asked, and that where good grounds of complaint have been brought under the notice of successive Ministers of Mines there-has not only been no encouragement given to the objectors, but -every facility has been afforded the .lessees tp play fast and loose with the. trust confided to them. There are bailiffs in galore to look after licenses under the 42nd and other, sections of the Land Act, who pay 2s per annum rent ; but there is not, nor has there ever been, an inspection of mining leases, which as long as the rent of XI pet acre per annum is paid, might lie fellow for a century. Mr Mackay surely has a sufficiently keen sense of the ridicu lous to see what a frightfully absurd figure his Jldus Acluiles cuts in this matter. For this is Mr Smyth's exact position. He elaborated a most strict and barbarous code of regulations for the govern ment of, mining lessees, and, he provided no machinery whatever for their enforcement. However, this is the business of the Minister of Mines, who, if he is the man of his word we believe liim to be;, will very soon place -this all-important matter upon a proper- basis. What is required in Ballarat now is perfect unanimity between capital and labor on the subject of lease rents, and it is not too late for the Refoim Association to foregather with their brethren of the pick and shovel. Sooner than there should not be a perfect, unanimity we would far rather that the Alfred Hall meeting should be postponed for a while until the much desired Ion accord can be ensured, — : ::: . Avery numerously attended meeting was held in the Alfred Hall, last night, for the purpose of considering, and assisting the passage through parliament of Mr G. P. -Smith's pew licensing statute. . The chair was taken by his Worship the Mayor of BallaratEast, and on the platform were .Mr C. Dyte, M.LA-, Mr John James, the Rev. J. J. Halley, and a number of penone connected with . the. several temperance societies. After several speakers had addressed the chair, it was unanimously agreed, that a. petition (which appears in our report in another column) should he signed by the chairman, and forwarded to Mr G. P. Smith for presentation in the Legislative Assembly. The Temperance Band played in fee audience, and skilf ally . performed some appro priate airs, amongst which " Father, come home" stood out rather conspicuously. Though the meeting was mainly a temperance one, drunkards were not left unrepresented, and two " shocking examples" were entrusted to the tender care of Sergeant Larner. ... But for the lights gleaming from the hotels and newspaper officeB last night Start street would ' have been in Egyptian darkness. The Borough Council, from motives.of economy we presume, do not have the street lamps lighted between moon rise and moon set. : Although we question the policy of this resolution, still there is a gleam of common sense about the proceeding upon brigbtjsummer nights. But in the winter months, and more particularly during such remarkably unsettled weather as the present, chaste Diana strongly objects to expose her charms to the rude and raw air. Out of consideration to a lady's feelings our gallant Borough Council r will /doubt-, .less do duty for the moon, ;and we hope turn it on fall too, as , was done after the ghost's de parture in the amateur Hamlet the other, night. Bather a serious accident occurred yesterday to Mr Burrell, the butcher. As he was returning home from the country his horse took fright and lie was thrown from the saddle. Unfortunately one of his/feet got entangled in the stirxnp, and he was dragged along the road for some distance; .- by which means he sustained some very ' nasty braises. Otherwise, however, he was nnin jurod. Yesterday being Whit Monday was observed as a holiday in the Government offices and in the different courts. Yesterday morning his ' worship the Mayqr and Mr Dyte, J.P.i attended- at the Eastern lock-up and Cleared the charge sheet. Thomas Jackson, Tbohjas Champion, John Hughes, StephenCain, Robert Grindle, Samuel Wilson, Thomas Ryan, Patrick Gooley, and Michael Coouey, who had been arrested for drunkenness, were discharged. John Morrison, John M'Kenvie, Patrick Redding, - Jeremiab Burke, Michael: Coooey/and Martin Tierney, were fined 5s -each, or six -hours' imprisonment. John Dnrmond, charged with threatening to take the life of Annie Woods, 'was hound over in his own recognizance -of £25 to keep the peace for six monthB.' ' Elizabeth Elgin was sentenced to imprisonment for. three moptbs for. using obscene language. She had only been released from gaol a day or two, after being three months in /gaol for a similar offence. . John Leahey , charged with unlawfully assaulting Johauna Nicholson, a woman of the town, -and Edward 'Burns, charged with assaulting and robbing John Johnson, were remanded till Wednesday. Patrick 1 Redding, for damaging tbe uniform of Constable -Costeilp. was Sued Is, and 20s damages, or three days imprisonment. i . Alad named John M'Fariane was missed from J bis father's residence,- in- .Mnir street, at tweive ' o'clock yesterday, -and was not heard of up jto a l»le hbut list right. ''Tbe following description of -him was given Jo. jtbe-'pplice:— Sandy hair,, black eyes; : dressed in. a rrown tweed coat; and -vest, with .striped tweed trows.ere patched upon each knee, : ::: ; rA . Gray's double furrowed plough )vill be tested to morrow at. Mr G. G. Morton's farm, Lake Learmofeth;- ' j _rJ.; . The visit of inspection io 'the main Daylesford road, via Dead /Horse, to have, been made yester day, by the representatives of the B&llarat; Borough Council and the Bnngaree Road Board/ did not take place. The object of the inspection was principally te decide upon a site for a toll- gate. imd it was agreed, that the. engineers of the two bodies interested should report on the subject. It was understood that! the cooncil would, at its next meeting, be recommended to adopt tbe BC≤ now being charged On . the: Crrswiek road, and ihst tenders would at /mce be invited for tbe erection of the toll-house and check-gates re quired. .' - : ' - -. : j -An accident; which is bkely to terminate fa tally, occurred yesterday, in Griloog, to a'-young msn named William' Wilson, manager of Mr' Raggett's farm, Barrabool Bills; : '/Wilson was' about drlving a load ef hay- into the yard of the Prince of Wales ho'®', when comjnB in contact w i th ail arch at tbe en tr an ce, he was thrown on thfepaTipg." Whentakenup it was found that" he was paralysed irom fhe hip down, arid had got a very oevere scalp wound. He yvas remoyed im mediately to the hospital, an d .-lies. in a very pre- ' cariou etate. 'About/ the same hour, Thoinak1 Ballantyne,;. manager 'on Mr TYcbster's jfarm, Gowie's Creek, o'n hiB way to town with a load of hay fell from ttaetop, and : got ' very severe shaklpg. ; iHe ifris also frken to the hospital, \- An' influential . meeting was held yesterday at Craigls hptelfor fee purpose of considering tbe ad visability of os'tabliBhing a AIeat Freserting|Com- pany -in Ballarat. The Mayor; of Ballarat was yofrd to the cbair. MrDebuard submitted Isome statistics showing tbe. ihcrea6e pf stock which had -taken place in 'the, .district; !for se veral . "mouths. past, - and - stated | that ! the..', .profits ' of.,; the /Melboutne "Company, for ithepsstyear hadampimledtekoD1bthiItS like4 40 per cent": Mr M'Deimott also , spokeAt. some length on- the- subject, "and id thy --course pf his address mentioned thet the from /Messrs Eddingten snd i)o!a works ! !for , the past twelyefnpntiiswere about SDpercentJamtiie capi- ' fel.fr Trited-. VAB. it wak.iEtotOd /tiiat.'thp jsbare- holdera in the Melboume Uompaoy haSTlecUned to establish a branch in Ballarat, a resolution was carried, tori the motion of Mr Leonard,' seconded hyMrM-Dermiottri-" That the meeting cori'dered it advisable to establish such a company 'in the town." On 1he motion- of - Mr MLebdrsa»nded by MrA G. Anderson,itwasdetWedthatU com mittee Should "be. appointed to , consider' the ad- , visabiUty of pnrchasing the works of Messrs Eddington/andto make other arrangemehte itar the formatipn of a company. ,The Committee appointed were -Mesne" A. Anderson, A. G. Ander» son; "Gibson, Leonard; .M'perm'oWj,;- M'Dowall, Peyton, Xiestert ;. Fi&en;,!. Henri Cutibert, aDd White: - Mr Dlibboni'was appointed secretary pro feet. It -was' decided that the ;next: meeting should take place on Monday next. A vote of thsnkB to tbe chairman terminated the proceed ings. The Ballarat General Sessions will commence . at ten o'clock this morning. The calendar is un- vually light. In our fourth page will be found a budget of Emopean intelligence received by the mail steamer Geelong. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Ballarat Fire Brigade was held last night, Captain Dunn in the chair. The following letters were read: — : From Inspector Hyall, relative to the constable on anty visiting tbe branch stations, stating that instructions had been issued to the constables to do sola futuxe.-.From the Ballarat East Borough Gonncil, granting permission to erect a branch eta- ton at the corner of Dyte's parade and Queen street. The chairman reported that the house was now being erected, and the hose carriage would shortly be placed io it. From S. W. Viney, explaining tbe reaEouswhy he had moved in the matter". of obtaining grants of land to volunteer firemen. It was agreed to grant all possible assis tance, provided it does not interfere with the funds. From J. and J U'Donald, John Taplin, and J. C.. Smith, enclosing cheques respectively for £3 3s, £2 2s, and £3. From Roberts Bros., thanking the brigade for their services on the occasion of the recent fire, and offering to present the brigade with a portrait of one of its members. It was unanimously decided that, the captain be.; requested to sit. From tbe secretary of the Plea- saut Creek Fire Brigade, aD explanatory letter relative to the non- appearance of delegates -from, the - .Ballarat Fire - Brigade., on the. occasion of the recent anniversary. ' The secretory entered into a long explanation ou the ' subject. From J. Slattery, resigning his position as member. Accepted with regret. Accounts, amounting to £38, were passed for payment; also £5 for cab hire. The secretary reported that it was probable Mr O'Malley's account would be settled by that gentleman paying £32 10s, the amount of tbe last account rendered to him, and that the lease of the land required for the erec tion of a hose station was being prepared by Mr Lewis; a vote of thanks was passed to the Maryborough brigade for the reception accorded to Mr Hobinuth, the brigade's delegate. The . captain reported having mad.e the .preliminary arrangements -with the sisler brigade for holding a joint ball on the /fh of July; also, that the brigade ' had ' turned 'out' for ' charitable pur poses three times during (lie month: It was agreed that a vote of thanks be accorded to the Water Committee for their donation of hydrants. Mr John Buchanan was elected a past member. Mr Scott was ballotted for as an honorary membtr, and blackballed, the voting being twenty-one for and eight against. After tbe transaction of some business of an unim portant character, the meeting terminated. Messrs Croyle and Morey. returned to. Ballarat by last night's train, after'a somewhatlengthened visit to Tasmania. These -gentlemen have not been asleep while in the tight little island, as they have contrived to secure a large tract of land, some 5000 acres, called the Mackenzie estate, upon the auriferous character of which -Mr Wm. Ben- son,' mining surveyor, pronounces favorably, and at considerable length. We shall be in a position to say more to-morrow of the doingB of Messrs Croyle, Ditchburae, and Morey, on the other side. Old residents' of Geelong state from "authentic sources that Power, alias Johnson, is identical with one Harry Power, who, about fifteen years ago, carried on business as auctioneer and horse .dealer at the Old Crown Sale Yards, Mercer street. ' ' Friday's Gazette notifleB'the following, appoint ments: — Rev W. D. Lelean and John Williams, to be members of committee of common school No. 157, Cluues; Rev W. D. Lelean, to be member of committee of common Gcliool.No. 261, Glendaruel; Constable Michael Desmond, 160S, to be inspector of slaughteryards for the Borough of Buuinyoog; — Kennedy, acting C.P.S., Linton, to be also assistant registrar for the County Court! Smythes- dale. The same Gazette notifies cancellation of. licenses under the 42ud section of ihe Laud Act for non-payment of fees, as follows: — 13 in Bal- larat district;, - embracing 440 acres; 20 in' Ores-; wick district, 545 acres; 4 in SmytheBdale district, f5 acres. The Age pays the following compliment to the Post Office authorities: — " Notwithstanding the arrival of the mail-steamer sa-much.before ber usual time, we could not help noticiiTg on Snrnlay that tbe postal authorities were fully -prepared to receive the mails, as the whole were landed and housed wi(tnn' in two .hours, thus showing that, something better thau good supervision 'over the sea, mail branch is exercised.", . .. \- A telegram announces -that the,! Flying Squadron reached Yokohama ou the 3rd April, and would sail shortly from there for England. Wbileon baral subjects we mny add "that orie of the" items' of intelligence brought" by "the mail is" that Commodore Stirliog, of H.M.8. Clio, which has. orders Jto meet the Giilat.es at t ho Cape, after, Rer' visit; to'tbe Mauritius,: is on his way to take tbe. command of the Australian station.. The 'Galatea soiled for Mauritius on the 10th May, from Trincomalee. The Stony Creek reservoir seems to be in a bad way." The Geelong Advertiser in fact says of it " that it-is no use mincing matters. We should be glad to be able to positively assert that the works at the Stony, Creek reservoir are just as perfect as they ought to be, but iu the face of the many statements that reach us, wo cannot do so, . First, there has been a giving way at one place, then at another, aud now a gentleman, living in the neighborhood, states that the face-of the dam is being washed as ay to an alarming extent; that 4neu are at work nigutaud day,Suhday included, and seem to- be unable to overtake the damage that is being done by the rush of -water.- The only consolation the people of .Geelong' can draw": from this statement is that there" will be" plenty of watei- when meins'are found to retain it:"- , /The J\l. A. Mail states that Messrs George Hill -and party, who are sicking a shaft on the table- laud near the claim of the! " late Bel more Com pany, Guildford, strnck, st the depth of 90 feet, the trunk of- an: ancient forest tree. At first it was thought to be lignit-e. The free was about 4 feet in diameter, ap'd separated "from a iesser one by a layer of clay. Iu the larger trunk were \- found imbedded, " like a hill of potatoes," round and oblate nodules of iron. The nodules contain' between 70 and -80 per cent, of .iron, and are curio situs. ; _ Some of the contract surveyors mast be. lucky men (writes theMiimilttm Spectator), if it he true that oae geutleman'at Camperdowm has xeceived. nearly £5000 for.survey fees, in some caaea taking the money of fifteen or twenty applieants'for the : same allotment; but, strange to. say,,iu tliat locality, the amount .ol survey work performed /does not appear; to be sufficient to warrant the holding of a Land Board, although tbe law baa been four monthB in operation. , . .. 1 'The last'scene of tbe Geeliofbg" domestic drama, writes the. correspondent of tbe Age, has been played ont; the unities were preserved intact, -and, qa in the- tragedy pf, ,H«nlet, the grave Riggers appeared on the scene in the fifth act. On the day succeeding the inquest the two mothers applied to Sergeant Toohey jo receive instnictipDS.uiG.toc tbe burial of the child. . Mrs Gaiige, the "real mother, pleaded poverty- as an excuse for not, defraying the expenses of the funeral. Mrs Fair brother urged that as the child was not hers she was not responsible in any shape for its interment. This was a knotty point, but the astute sergeant was: equal to tbe occasion, and thus he delivered the law on the point. Takiogpnt of Mspocket the lagt.number of tbe Police .Gazelte, hp,; with' much .gravity, read jthe-Act pfrsfisrliameik hearing on the' case a» follows: — ; By an act passed 'in the reign of his InteMGj&qTlHog; John, "any persbn ob -persons knowingly, and wilfully keeping any. dead body in their house for the period of forty-eight hours after tbe termination of the coroner's inquest that hath sat upon the same, shall be deemed liable to all the pjiins aDd penalties attendant upon a con- .yictiop.fpr wlfchcraff, scd sbsll optfbe.eatitledto ; benefit of cleifey." This elaborate judgment of" the sergeant had-a magicai effect, iMjraF«ir- brother immediately gave instructions 'to' Jenkins and Bennett to undertake the funeraland so the , child was buried with " maimed rites," the only persons present being Mr aod Mrs Fairbrother and the first and second! grqvedigger. Perhaps now that. ..accidents are so .Ireqnent, the" GovetomeritiwilC;take' steps to cpmpel"tiie Hobson'e Bay Railway authorities to carry on tbe traffic with leas hazard to life and-limb.-'iSsys- yeaterday's Daily Telegraph: — A fatality seems 'to'tiuiKe atteiiaoa' the Melbourne and "Hobson's z Ray . United Rail way Gompany lately.- Accidents, both of a serious and of a slight nature, have oc curred. (Aphprt time-age .a rnan /uamed Benson,. Kehle, while "workihg at a crane in the yards, was crashed by tbe falling of a tank from a crane, through the weakness of the chaih; and a "day or two afterwards another man, named Irvine Smithy while swinging a crane, had his fingers jammed between the arm of the crane and a pile .of goods." beside it. This latter accident xrill ln;all proba bility end fatally, aB tetanus bas set In, arid it is only a question of /time bowjongthe poor fellow will live. Both men are married and.hsve fami lies. On Saturday an accident, occurred on the line, near Richmond, but 'fortunately unattended with any reeult beyond the delay of fea®0- ' This racfafienjk.jvAs pridratiy the. resalt of the action of a pointsman in letting go the switch handle be- , frip-ffiiJtmin had .fnjly.passed, . thereby throwing "the last 'carriage' off tiie ails, .On /the same <day the train winch leaves St. EBda at )2,15 was de- ever, sent off a boy in a cab immediately for another engine, and a delay ol twenty mfontes was the only result. 