PERTH POLICE COURT. Btfore W. E. Landor Eeq.B. M. May 5, 1870. The case.of Spcaren v. turns, for trespass; was settled'out of court. Mr. James Ougden, having had information laid against him for not having his name, and place of abode on his cart according to the act; was fined 5s. Charlet Rock, pensioner, a miserable looking object, walking with two sticks, was charged with being drunk. His Worship asked, where do you come from? Rock said 1 have been in the Invalid Depot; but left a short time since. I have one shilling per day: I reeeived 30s. on Monday; I have nothing now. The bench. What have you been doing? Sergeant Dale repli •lied he has been,drinking, your Worship, he can get.'" C b Jis Worship remarked to Rock that having a shilling per day he ought not to be destitute; enquired if fee bad the melius of living till next pension day. Rock said he had. Dismissed anc cautioned. James Ingram, on remand, charged with forgery. The prisoner, described by one of the witnesses as a long ghost of a man over six feet high—was brought forward. Mr. James Ougden sworn, said, on or about the 20th of April I received this cheque produced. I paid it to Mr. Shenton. My barman, Jacob Lennardt, handed ittojme, 1 paid £2. 7s. to the barman. Mr. Shenton took the cheque to the Bank, found it was a forgery; and returned it to me. I know the prisoner, by Bight; I saw him in my bar last sessions I lent him £2.; I never saw him afterwards. I did not see him on' the 20th of April in my bar. Tiie cheqrie produced is the same. I handed the cheque over to Sergeant Dale... Jacob Lennardt sworn, said, I am barman to Mr. Ougden. about the 20th, or 21st of April, I was serving in the bar. Prisoner was in a room adjoining the bar. J sold him 5s. worth of cigars; h£ gave me this cheque in payment.. 1 gave it to my master; and received £2 7s. in cash. I handed the prisoner £2 2s.., I^tive i>o doubt the cheque produced Is the same. He said he had not got enough; and asked me to lend him sixpence. I did not get the sixpence back. Prisoner did not return; Sergeant Dale. You said he was about six feet,high; witness, yes. Sergeant Dale sfiid that the witness Lennardt had selected Ingram from 4 or 6 others. tLennardt paid 4 .knew him since the last isions; he-Was at Qugden's public house. „ Aen I cashed the cheque, no one was present. It was about 7 in the morning. To the prisoner. You were the man who gave me the cheque. Alfred James Hillman STorn, said, I made the endorsement on the back of the cheque. They are my initials. It was paid from Shenton's place. I noticed -it to be a forgery. It is drawn on the W. A, Bank. Sergeant Dale sworn, said, on the 22nd of April I got this cheque from Ougden. To, the best of my opinion it is in the prisoners hand writing, it was a forgery. Ougden 8aidhe bad got the cheque from Ingram. He left Perth to get out of the way. He went to. York. I laid the charge against him in thisOourt and obtained a warrant for bis arrest^... He was arrested on ^Sunday morning. o the prisoner. .You went away to avoid Jg arrested. Doctor Attfield sworn, said, this cheque for £2 7s. on the.W. A. Bank purporting to be drawn, and signed by me, is not in my hand writing. I have no account at theW.A. Bank. I think I recollect the prisoner and bin name. ' • The prisoner said that gomg to the lock* up in custody some man had told him that he must send for Berry tiie lodging hoqse keeper, who would clear him. The bench sent for. Berry and recalled the barman Lennardt. John Berry sworn, said, I keep the lodging house called the Liverpool Arms. I remember about 3 weeks ago a tall roan lodging at my house. He slept one night there and had two meals. He owed me 2s. 6d. He had no money—he had a cheque; he went out, about an hour after breakfeat; he came back; asked me to change the cheque. He showedit me—it was drawn by Doctor Attfleld. I saw the signature; it waB drawn in favor of one Jones. I did not care abort giving change; don'tlikecheques. He asked me to go with htm. I accompanied hint to Ongden'fl. Be called for twoglasses of ale; Lennardt was serving in the ! bar at the timet the man produced the cheque; the barasncould notgive change; we did riot get tlifeale.. We both went oulBide then; in 2 or 3%ninutes the man wentin by himself; and Very shortly called out to the that he • had got ch&nge.; I then went in again, he produoed some few docens of cigars. Ougden wqs then in the bar as well as Lennardt, no one^lse w&sin; the room. He then- paid me 2s. 6d.; t went with him to my house; and gave him hiB kangaroo rug; he then went up the street towards Ougden'9; 1 went out in a few minutes; and saw the prisoner whom I knew, talking with the man. They went away towards Charles Taylor's. 1 saw them no more. I don't know the name of the man I referred to, he vras about the same height as Ingram, a little fuller face. I think he came from Fremantle. The cheque was like that produced for about the same amount. Lennardt being recalled—said I believe this is the mail who gave me the cheque. It was early in the morning Mr. . Saw's Bhop was just being opened ; he opens at about 7 o'clock; Mr. Ougden was just come down stairs. Would not; like to press the charge against prisoner. The beuch observed it was a clever dodge There was another main about the same size— an accomplice: he had no doubt whether prisoner was the man who got the changeor not; there was no doubt he was an accomplice it was done with the connivance of the prisoner. The prisoner when asked if he had any thing to say, and the usual caution being given to him said, A111 have to say is that I am not guilty. Sergeant Dale said there were other charges against him of a similar nature at Fremantle. Case to be sent to the Attorney General for his consideration. LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. Sir, It is a most distressing fact that we have no surgeon ia Fremantle, and in cases" of difficult accouchments the patient must die, if existence depends upon the presence of a qualified practitioner. This morning, about half-past three o'clock, I applied to Dr, Dickie to visit my wife, who was suffering from protracted accouchment, and I was tinder the impression he was conipelled to.attend any patients when infdrmed of his presence being necessary, tint it appears I waB mistaken as lie on being disturbed positively refused to comply, with my -request npon the grounds that he " never attended such cases/' Might I ask is the' government aware of the fact of the entire absence of medical men in cases where it' is so essential they should be p resent? Mine is not the only cane of this nature to be complained of: it is one of . many, and I feel sure the public will J bear me out, that long illnesses, and iii 'numerous cases deaths ensue in consequence of the absence of a medical adviser in the town of Fremantle. . I trust this will meet the eye of His Excellency who only desires to be shown what we need and require land he at ^once hastens to supply our wants. Allow me to draw attention to Dr .Oliver's manner, which bears a striking .'contrast to that of Dr Dickie. - I had o casio n to apply to Dr Oliver at an early hour this morning for medicine. H« has a Night Bell, and in less than five minutes after jny pulling it. the medicine was supplied me. Dr Dickie has no night bell, and after knocking for at least twenty minutes and'returning afterwards and repeating my knocking, I was told by the government doctor that he never attended such cases as mine. Your Obdt Servt. Fremantle. May 5. 1870. I [We willingly give insertion to this letter, as we have long since pointed out the evil that Mr. Fordham complains of. He is in error, however in supposing that government doctors are compelled to attend private families. His Excellency has no power to compel a surgeon to attend a person; it entirely rests with the doctor's sense of humanity or his love of gain. The reason why a large ahd comparatively wealthy town like Fremantle is without a propierly qualified surgeon is plain enongh,—and the remedy is easy attainable. Government doctors, in receipt of handsome salaries, are permitted to cariy on a private practiceand they are generally attentive enough when they are well paid. They thus put it out of the power of a surgeon to live by private practice alone, because they cull all the profitable portion of the busiuess, leaving only the poorer classes to be doctored. If the government would put a 8top*to this improper practice we are certain that an experienced surgeon would soon find out so rich a field as Fremantle undoubtedly is. Or, iti advertisement in any of" the other Colonial papers would very quickly aupplfr the want. • V- We have no objection .to aee either of the government surgeons earning a large income from private practice, providing they were always'ready to attend when called upon, which they ought always. to do. so long as they continue to make it impossible for pri-. •vate surgeons to earn a living; But these .repeated examples o tMmply #9gtaeefiil. Sir, Since last writing to you I hav£- continual to lead my usual truly rural and retired life. I did not join in the vain follies of the regatta, nor shall I risk the sarcasm of tile illnatured by entering an appearance at the Governor's Call this month.- < My frieiids the birds light upon and h"bp otter toe each day, and from their conversation with each other I become pretty well acquainted with the news and go3sip from all-quarters ofthe compass. I could tell you Becrets, Mr. Editor, which would surprise you, but, though I am occasionally forced to listen to scandal, I do not choose to repeat it again;—probably this is because I have not been long in the colony. Yesterday I had a visit from two magpies. One had arrived from your little town and the other from the metropolis, which, I -understand is a city of importance and superb appearance. After a few stories, which were scarcely fit for a modest dredge to repeat, the eldest and most disreputable looking of the two gave a very animated and amusing account of what he had witnessed that morning in Perth. It seems that he hacl flown froni the steeple of the Town Hall to the flagstaffoflGovernment House, and then taking the Infirmary on his way;—paid a flying visit to the Cathedral. How much I should like to fly over the city myself and see its beauties, but perhaps my figure is scarcely suited for aerial navigation, and there might be a difficulty in procuring suitable wings for me. Well sir, I think I may call this magpie a vivacious but unprincipled bird. The things he had seert, or that he pretended to have eeen, would fill a book and not be bad reading, but my enjoyment turned to alarm and apprehension when, after those wicked birds had exhausted other matters they began to talk of me. One of the feathered wretches stated there would soon be a volunteer artillery company. " Yes" said the other, " then our old friend," and the creaturc lifted his loot $nd patted me on my chest! " will make a useful target." iVilr. Editor, I feel faint; support me. What fre^h horrors might have bee;i spoken of I cannot say, for, at the instant, that paltry, noisy and illconducted little minx,—that apology for a river 6teamer,—came jerking by in its usual self sufficient, awkward, unladylike way: —fancy me gadding about the river like that;—and, after splashing its insignificant little waves against me,— just as if I cared about them,—it frightened away my conversational visitors. Mr. Editor, can this news be true ? I have been blushing all over a dark red colour-since I heard it! Turn mc into a a target for artillery practice ! Sir, I am not accustomed to use expletives but, Rust Mb if I can stand that. ' STEAM, DREDGK. May 5, 1870. rWe sympathise with the Dredge, and hope it will never be made a " butt" of. To put it to such an use would be simply cruel. We applaud its determination not to repeat scarida'. Its example might bo follow«d with advantage by the old women of this town, and, we are sorry to add, by many of the young ones also. We trust that even a long residence in the colony •will. not alter our friend in this respect •; for, surely, if it can do no good, it is as well to do no harm.. We" recommend the reticcnce of the Steam Dredge as an example to all scandal-mongers, though without entertaining the slightest hope that they will copy it. Ed.] ,Jas. Fk;. Fordham. . 'i f their -inhumnaity arc Ed.] • Yours steadfastly 