CHAPTEH IV. MY LOBD AVSNGES HIMSELF. It was between 9 and 10 o'clock upon the night after Lord Deverill's return, and a night of storm and tempest; when a tell figure with a masked face took its stand in the narrow passage behind my lady's favourite chamber. There came the sound of voices from within-youthful voices which the lis tener knew too well; bat to-night he could not hear their words, for Alice Deverill and her companion were standing at the open window watching the storm, and the noise of the wind and rain drowned the low murmur of their voices. There was a fragile rowing-boat moored to the lion's head below, bat no boatman. The mock priest was skilled in the use of the oars, and had rowed across the river from his ob scure Surrey lodging before the storm began. He was watching the sky now, admiringly rather than anxiously, and a cry of rapture broke from his lips every now and then when the vivid lightning flashed across river and city, with a tremulous bine light that gave a weird unearthly aspect to that familiar scene. That masked listener, peering in at the lamp-lit room presently through the crevice in the door, fancied that Alice was pleading with her visitor, entreating him not to leave her while the storm was raging. She clang to him with pretty beseeching gestures-those tender winning ways the watcher knew so well-looking np at him the while. He smiled at her fears, laaghed even, es if to re assure her, then bent to kiss the fair brow, snatched up his hat, and turned towards the door. "Nay, my sweet one, there is nothing to fear," he said in a louder voice, with his hand upon the door. MI have been used to all weathers. _ I shall be on the opposite bank in five minutes, and safe at my lodging in ten. Good-nighty and God guard thee, Dretty one. It may be long before you and I meet again." "Ay," muttered the figure lurking in the shadow of the wall, "thou sayeat truly, traitor; It may be long." Alice Devenll brought the lamp to the door way j but the door below giving on the water was open, and there was a wind upon the staircase that would have extinguished 20 lamps. In a 'moment they were in dark- < nese. " Go back and light jour lamp, child," said the young man, pushing her gently into the room, and shutting the door upon her. He ran down the stairs, close followed by the masked watcher. In the doorway above the river a powerful hand gripped him by the neck, and flung lum round suddenly. It was too dark for him to tee his assailant. He tried to draw -his sword; in vain; But un known enemy seemed .to have a giant's strength. He gave one hoarse cry for help, and in the next moment was flung down Into the empty boat, stabbed to the heart. The BHftHttin cat the rope with his digger, and pushed the boat out into the stream. On audi a night it was scarce likelythat any one had heard that one half-stifled cry fornelp. - The, murderer's grasp bad- been npon the victim's throat when it was uttered. He walked slowly up the stain, wiping his poniard on the velvet sleeve of his doublet as he went He opened the-door of the little tapestried room, and went in, «n .awful figure, with the face hidden, and a grasped in the strong right hand, $helaoe raffle torn from the bony wrist; the vel vet deeve pushed upward to give free play to that murderous hand. Alipe J^eveiUl was on her knees at a little rftar whwi bt> entered the room. She rose 4; ute aound oi the opening door, and turned, ber lace towards it At the sight of that ghastly figure she gave a feeble cry, and re coiled, tottering to the opposite walL . The intruder uttered no word. He strode across the little room and laid a heavy hwJ his lot hand, upon the girl's bare shoulder. 11(8 "do jn pxay? That is indeed a blasphemy! T« were praying for your lover's safety, pe chance? Waited breath, wench, fie hu, ^wujWLWyM^longjonrnqr. Woold'st "Lord Deverill," cried the girl, recognising her JnuMndV voice, altered as it was by passion; "what madness is this 1 My lover 1 -I have no lover." "What, not the mock priest who left you two minutes ago J Nay,'tis easy enough for Buch trash to lie. But I did not come to TOy last He is spoken, girl." He wound one powerful arm round the slender figure, took her to his breast in that last embrace, and plunged the dagger hometo her heart as surely as he had pierced thatof her late visitor. "Sbf wouW haye won me to believe her I1?8! it I bad tether talk," he muttered to bugel& weaker than water where she is concerned. Hie held her In his Arms stilL He kissed the pale dead feoe-TBoi once but many times -mora pfl MHHiatelythan he had ever kissed it In life when he had been too proud to reveal thedepth of his Jove. a .He held the lifeless form fora long time, Tf^ £anS.a«delao»f. looking down at thfi fair fjuse withunraeakableme,lud yet fcadavenged himaelt At last J ' he Mil from that Drofbund reverie. wa a oonch, and then ilofnakejuaendofhis work. broke open caskets and cahioeta, ; ea bis pockets with thairgUfctfc^ dl . It lis bif bnrineas (proj&A; liui the crime of a midnight robber, letters ana papers on the.floor, J drawees and jewtaiaaes, until his f®*6 tj^jplundej. " friend Sir pmpa i it, deeming the blood of those two gaijty ones the sole possible atonement for his wrong. At daybreak be was on board the Antwerp packet; a fur summer morning, unspeakably serene and tranquil after the tempest. What a lovely calm without, what a fierce tumult within, as George Deverill stood upon the deck, watching toe towers and steeples of the great city melt into the cloudless blue of that summer heaven 1 It was not till the vessel had passed the Kentish hills and was out in the open sea that my lord remembered that letter in his breast-pocket, and took it out to read with a hftlf listless curiosity. What could Its oon tents signify to him T They could not make his dead wife an honest woman, or restore to him one of those lost hopes which bad brightened his lib a little while ago. The letter ran thus: "The secret I fun about to confide in you, Alice, is one that I have guarded Jealously for 26years of my life; and! charge you, as you value yoursoul, to keep it as jealously toyour dying day; ay, even from your husband, should yon marry, as it is but likely you will erelong. " , . "That Edward Harmer. whom you have called cousin, and loved with a cousinly, nay. indeed, asisterlyaffection, which it has pleased me well to see, is no distant kinsman, orphan son of a poor and bumble relation, as I have taught you to believe. He is something nearer and dearer, Alice; he is your half brother ; my son, born out of wedlock some four years before my marriage with yout mother; my son, by a lady of such exalted rank, that the revelation of this secret would be death to more than one. My boy's mother still lives, and holds a lofty station at the court,baving many years ago married a gentle man, her equal in rank and fortune. Edward knows this, and is willing that his own exist ence should be an obscure one, spent in a foreign land, rather than oause the shadow of danger to the mother wbose voice he has never heard, whose lips have never kissed him. Of my sin I need not speak here. It is a sin that ever comes back to the wrongdoer, and it has bran a source of bitterness tome for many weary years; but, alas, the burden weighs most heavily on the innocent " You, Alice, when I am gone, will be my son's only friend; or, at least, the sole heins with whom be may claim the tender tie of kindred. Be kind to him, my beloved daughter; and should Fate raise you to a position of wealth or power, do him whatever service yon can. Yon know that he has a brave and noble spirit, and has loved you fco&ly; from bis boyhood. Be kind to him for my sake; end think that, in the unknown country to which I go, your father's ghost looks back upon you with fond regretful eyes, and blesses you. '"Farewell, dear child; I have bat this »ii>gi« request to make to one who has been ever dutiful and affectionate, and whom heaven will surety reward in the days to come." This was alL George Deverill sat wjth the letter in his hand, like & man spellbound by some strange dream. Then, after a long in terval of this stcaiwe stillness, he rose and slowly paced the deck, thinking of the useless murder that be had dene. His wife wasjnpooent; the woman he had loved was puxe and spotless after alL There was a rapture In thai tbouKht, which oven the memory of his crime could scarcely lessen. She was dead, lost to him for ever; but she was not "a liar, gone to homing heu." She was aa iDgwc victim, for whom he could weep without shame. There was' clamour and confusion in the house by the river when Alice Deverill's un 'timelytate was known. The crime was at I tributed at once to some common robber,-who 'had discovered by some means how my lady kept her jewels in that chamber, and 'had laid bis plans accordingly. Algernon Mild maj.wbo was present at au the investigations ana discussions that followed the disco venr of the mnrdefi took pains to prees this view of the case, though henadhis own thoughts upon the subject, and those pointed to that secret guest woo had spent a night hidden in one of ^unused chambers on the third story. Bat thh gentleman knew that* if his patron suffered as'a felon, his patron's fortune would be forfeit to the Crown: and be was very anxious to spare my Lord Deverill the shame of a public trial for murder, to be followed by the scaffold. Tiia fact that on the night of I<ady Deverill's murder a man- stabbed to death, had been found drifting down the Thames In an open, frftilj. attracted little notice. Mid night ass»annationBwere£ommon enough in that golden age, and no one thought of oon nectisgthesetwo crimes. Lord Deverill lived abroad for ten rears, wandering from city to city, and leading a life of wild riot and dissipation, which would have exhausted even » WB&r; fortune than his own. At the Mid that time he came sud denly home-a haggard-looking man, with white hair-and gave himself up to the lair as a double murderer. The preliminasr.examinations prooeeded slowly: for magistrates and .lawyers were inclined fo STthis self-amued man a monomaniac. Hebiui as much dimoulty in guilt M Jie could haw had & ng his jnnooenoe; juidhejras 