TOPICS OF THE DAY. We beg to direct special attention to the prospectus of the Hannaford Beef Quartz Mining Company, as published in our business columns to-day. Auditing is done cheaply in Cape Town colony, if we may judge from an advertisement in the Cape Mail, inviting tenders for auditing the Corporation accounts, at £1 Is. per audit. The Wallaroo Times, of the 16th inst., says:—" We believe that the statement in tiie Begiater, to the effect that the return of the Peninsula candidate is likely to be petitioned against, is without any foundation." The Border Watdi states that some horses and saddles lately stolen have been re covered and the thief captured as he was making trades with them through the Wim merah District, in tiie adjoining colony. We understand that the Mount Plea- sant reef shows very good prospects. At a depth of 50 feet the quartz is found to be very rich in the precious metal Operation* are be ing pushed on vigorously, and it is believed that the claim will torn out to be very valuable. Mr. Hannaford brought into Gume- racha on Thursday evening a splendid specimen of gold in quartz, got from the reef be and his party had been working in Bonney's flat. Part of the quartz, with the precious metal studding it. was left at the District HoteL The Australian and New Zealand Gazette (January 29) reproduces from this paper ! oar report of the survey of the Northern Terri tory and Mr. border's description of the coun try. The Gazette is perfectly satisfied with the accounts given, and eulogises the enterprise in high terms. We have been requested to state, that the provisions supplied on board the Kohinoor to the Northern Territory party on their last return voyage to Port Adelaide, wore not fur nished by the Government, or through Mr. J. T. Tnrnbull, who supplied all ether stores sent to the Northern Territory. The exceedingly low state of the water in the Reservoir calls for some action to be taken by the authorities in preventing any un necessary use of the water supply by the resi dents of Adelaide and Port Adelaide. Should no ism fall soon there appears to be only two or three weeks 1 supply at present stored. The annual meetings of the Congrega tion si Union will be commenced to-day. A prayer -meeting wQI be held at 10 o'clock in Stow Church, and this will be followed at 11 o'clock by the nsoal business meeting A devo tional meeting will take place in the evening in Stow Church, when the Rev. Mr. Scales will give an address. A very promising reef has been found at Mount Torrens. In the cap gold is found pretty plentifully in decomposed ironstone. Below is white quartz, into which the miners have sunk about six feet. Gold does not show in the quartz as yet; but it is hoped that good results may be obtained at a greater depth. The reef, which is on private property, is well defined. Advertising is carried on at high pres sure in Cape Town. An enterprising tailor occupies a whole column in the local organ; adopting as his "medium" tile Governor** speech at the opening of Parliament. The " speech" is drawn np in the customs ry style, but every paragraph cleverly culminates with a recommendation of the knight of the thimble, who is thus made the hero of the viceregal address. About 1 o'clock on Saturday a horse belonging to Mr. J. H. Hill, of Cobb & Co., was killed in Pirie-street through a collision with a spring-cart belonging to Mr. James Smith, of Hindley-street. Mr. HOI was coming np the street when the brute got in a direct line of the shafts of the cart, and despite bis best efforts to pull it aside, came full abreast on it, the shaft entering about 18 inches. Mr. HOI was thrown into the cart and escaped un injured. The horse ran into the Insurance Company's yard and dropped dead. The Mount Ctambier Standard finds fault with the present system of supervising the .drainage works in-the 3outh- East, and objects : to their being managed in Adelaide. Says our contemporary:—"What is really required is local supervision by men of common Bcnse. | shrewdness, and practical ability—a Local Board, whose duty should be to ccc that no visionary schemes were entered upon, that the money granted for the works was properly ex pended, that tie land was as speedily as pos sible brought into a fit state for agricultural occupation, and that the whole scheme was pursued with a view to benefiting the district and the colony. The Cape Town Standard and Mail quotes a paragraph from this paper with re ference to tile departure for England of Mr. G F. Bean, in the Dam. Our Cape contem porary-says :—"The arrival of the Oarra has ; afforded us an opportunity of meeting 51 r. G. j F. Bean; and we ore quite prepared, after spending a good portion of s day in that gentle man's company to believe he is all of tie 'good specimen* which the Advertiser certifies him to be. He is a thoroughbred colonist, and no mistake. His whole heart is in his native lan j; and he has given as information of varions kinds which we shall take an early ! opportunity of turning to account here." Referring to the candidature of the Hon. John Cotton for the district of Stanley the Northern Argus remarks:—"The hon. gen tleman would doubtless have been returned for the district he had served for a period of seven i years, hai it not been for the part he took in the labor question. Although defeated in his own district, he, at the request of a number of the elector*, consented to contest Stanley in opposition to Messrs. Bright and Kingston, and for that purpose thoroughly canvassed the dis- j trict, expoundtcg his political sentiments in a manner that could not fail to give general satis faction had not the ghost of the twopenny land tax presented itself, in all its horrors, to the agricultural mind." We (Wallaroo Times) have been re quested by Mr. B. Lloyd, of Port Wallaroo, to mention that a lnbra, having her back broken apparently by a blow from a waddy, has been for some time staying in a stable at the rear of i his premises. Mr. Lloyd informs us that the Yorke's Peninsula Aboriginal Mission declines to interfere in the case, as it does not come within the scope of the aims of the Mission. As £6,000 is down on the Estimates annually for the relief of the aborigines it does seem that the private benevolence of one person should not be taxed exclusively for the support of an aboriginal who may be a cripple for life. Perhaps the charitably inclined may take the case in hand now that publicity is given to it. The sittings of the Circuit Court here (Mount Gambler) lasted over two days, the business being brought to a close on Thursday evening. Six criminal and one civil case were disposed of. Thotnai Dodd was acquitted on two separate charges of larceny. The case against Charles Brodie for cattle- stealing was abandoned, the prisoner having committed suicide. In this case Bis Worship passed a severe censure on the committing Magistrates, as, judging from the depositions, there was no case against Brodie. He was astonished that any Magistrates could have acted as they had done. Donald McPherson was sent to gaol for 14 days for assaulting an officer of the peace. James Gassy, for criminally assaulting the wife of James MoNicolL. was sentenced to two years' imprisonment in the Stockade with hard lobor. The last case was one of perjury against James Hellyer, of which he was acquitted. The civil case, Fox v. Engelbrecbt, resulted in a verdict for tiie plaintiff.— Border Watch. The annual Rechabite festival of the Northern Star Tent was held in Mr. W. W. Leslie's schoolroom, Queenstown, on Good Fri day, April 15. Tea was on the table about 5 o'clock, when a great many sat down and en joyed themselves, after -which the public meet ing took place. P.D.C.B. J. T. Headdey in the chair. There wm a large attendance, the school room being crowded. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. Hsaddey, Pepper, Lvng, Madge, Short, and McKinlay on the evils arising from taking intoxicating liquor*. Stare were also several recitations and dialogues given by Messrs. Dowsett, Sinclair, Saunders, Short, and Grandfield, and a very good recitation by Miss Willis was much admired, all the recitations ant dialogues being loudly applauded. One or two temperance melodiM sung by Me Johnson enlivened tiie proceedings. A vote of thanks was then accorded to the friends who had come from Adelaide to take an active part in the proceed ings. A vote of thanks to the Chairman for the very able manner in which he fulfilled bis office brought the proceedings to a dote a few minutes baton 10 o'clock. On Good Friday the members of the Bising Star of Glendore Tent, No. 18 of the Albeit District of Eechabites, celebrated their anniversary by a procession, dinner, and public meeting. At nooa the members assembled at the GLendore Primitive Methodist Chapel, and marched to the Black Springs and back; and at 3 o'clock tiie brethren, with about 100 friends, sat down to an excellent dinner, in a long booth erected on the grounds adjoining theohapeL The-spiead was in great abundance and of ex cellent quality, and tiie arrangements—carried out under the supervision of the C.B. and Sec mtary of tiie Tent, Messrs. T. Selby and P. Tohl, and the gentlemen .acting with them— gave every satisfaction. Dinner being over, various "games followed. Tn the evening a crowded meeting was held in the chapel, pre sided over by Me T. Selby, tiie C.B. of tiie Tent. Addresses were delivered by Mr. Thos. Hearne, tiie Rev. Me NichoDs, Messrs. W. Willis (from Beveriey), Eerie, H. J. Pudney, D.C.X., a?d G. W. Cole, 2X3. Several erctl lent melodies were sung during the evening, and at the close votes of <*?nY? were given to tiie District Officers for their attendance, and to tiie Chairman. The number of members on the books of tiie Tent was given as 32, and before the meeting dosed 15 ladies gave in their names for opening a female branch of the Order. Speaking of the too common practice of "writing up or down" mining speculations, according to the fancies or interest of the writers, the Mining Journal says :—" The ob ject for which every newspaper raumc is com piled, or article penned, should be tiie collection of facts and the elucidation of truth. Facts are stubborn things, which can be readily sub stantiated, aad truth, though said to be at tiie bottom of the well, is not nnfrequentiy, in these days of electric telegraphy, brought by some magnetic influence to the surface, and ex posed to public view. This is as it ought to be. The public mindshould be, from various sources, so well informed that no fictitious, garbled state ments, or indefinite platitudes, which may ap pear in the public pnnts should carry with them the smallest weight. No ' writing up' or' writ ing down,' according to tiw author's bias, should influence tiie pnblie mind in forming their judg ment. The business of the newspaper is to col lect and publish the most reliable information, accompanied by such deductions as are autho rised by facts, while that of tiie public is to test tiie validity of the facts, and to form their own opinion as to the soundness of tie deductions. All the articles in tiie wotld would not 'write up' the copper market at the present moment, while afl the articles in the world would be equally unavailing to ' write down' tin.". On Saturday last Messrs. Simpson and £on gave their employes a picnic, to which their wives. fanuuei>, and sweethearts, were also invited. The picnic was held at Brown hill Creek. The weather wat admirably suited for the occasion, and perfect unanimity of feeling prevailed throughout. The various games were indulged in with tuch earnestness and vigor that the summons to dinner wet with a hearty and quick response. Great credit is due to Host Medina* for the manner in which the spread was got vp —the table actually groaned beneath the weight of good things. After the cloth was removed, toasts, responses, and songs followed each other in quick succes sion, together with speeches from several of the men, who spoke expressive of the general feel ing of good will and good wishes for the firm in which they were interested. They hoped such feelings would low? continue, as this state of things promoted prosperity both to employers and employed, and indirectly to the colony generally. After the speeches they adjourned to the grounds, and finished the day with flat aad hurdle racing, croquet, quoits, archery, &c.; The prizes were then'distributed by Mrs. Simpson, who presented each with some appro priate remark. After tea there was a move made towards the waggonettes, and a rapid ride to town concluded such a day as will long be remembered by every one who participated is it. Throughout the day the band played several choice selections of music. The Rev. Wm. Taylor preached in the Wesleyan Church, Pirie-street, on Sunday evening, April 17. The spacious edifice was crowded, there being not less than 2,000 persons present. The subject of the rev. gentleman's sermon, which was very impressive, wag— " Behold now are we the sous of God," John, iil, 2. Man, he said, was made for this relation, hence he was endowed with powers suitable to that relationship, but the possession of powers essential to such a relationship in volved the possibility of abuse. By that abuse, through lust, sin entered the world, and death by sin and all their woes ; bat by a wonderful provision of mercy they might regain their for feited filial relation. They did not at once re cover from all tiie consequences of sin ; they suffered these while they lived. " Now are we tiie sons of God." Not they hoped they were—they trusted they were; but the plain statement of fact—" Ifow are we the sons of God." That they might become sons was the free gift of God; but they were free-will agents and could refuse the blessing. Had they any objection to become heirs of God? Tn other words, had they any objection to make their fortunes at oncn? They all could become heirs —every_sjnner of them. The Scripture said there was but one way to regain the forfeited relationship, and that was by faith, for, said St. Paul, "we conclude thai man is justified by faith without tiie deeds of tiie law." On re ceiving Christ, which was tiie act of faith by which a sinner became a child of God, He as Judge acquitted him, and as the Father forgave him. This faith was not of the sinner's will although not against it; it was of the wQI of God. At tiie close of tiie service a prayer meet ing was held, to which a large number of per- ; sons remained. Mr. Heller's fame as a conjurer of the very first class secured him a crowded bouse at White's Rooms on Monday evening. The hall was densely packed, and the inteiest of the en tertainment was sustained till tiie very last minute. Mr. Heller is a man of versatile talent. He is a conjurer, a humorist, and a iwagmififfcnf. performer on tiie piano. Then his sister, Miss Haydee Heller's, clairvoyance is entirely out of tile run of ordinary con joring tricks. Mr. Heller began his entertainment with a little pleasant chat about the tricks he was going to perform. This talk bristled over winh tiie most atrocious puns, which by their very absurdity elicited shouts of laughter. With the exception of a chair or two and a couple of tables, and one or two simple articles, he has no apparatus. He is dressed in ordinary evening costume, and more than any man of his profession we ever saw, ex -cept, perhaps, FricheU, he comes up to the oriental idea of a conjurer. His tricks are really tricks of sleight-of-hand; and about everything he attempts there is a neatness and a finish which show him to be a master of bis art. His tricks too are new, startling, and, to the uninitiated, perfectly incomprehensible. No description can give anything approaching to an adequate idea of the delicacy of his manipulae tiou. The first part of the entertainment, which consists of what Mr. Heller calls " So matic conjuring," is quite wonderful, and alon is worth the charge for admission. Then his performances of the most intricate musical studies on Erard'ugrand piapo are extraordinary efforts of brilliant and delicate manipulation. We remember nothing like it in this colony. The third part consisted of the clairvoyant per formances of Miss Heller, which must remain a mystery. The Udy is blindfolded, and at once names any article which is shown to her brother, giving the most minute description of its shape, size, color, and other qualities. A bank note was at once indicated with the num ber upon it, «nd a cheque with the amount for which it was drawn. In these cases anything like confederacy was out of tiie question. With her back to the audience and her face covered, Miss Heller named a variety of articles touched . by her brother as fast as be could touch them. The entertainment closed with a few simpler tricks. The performance as a whole is one of high merit, and needs only to be seen to be j thoroughly appreciated. It moves on without a break, sustaining the unflagging interest of the spectators till the close. There are no un comfortable passes, which in other performances sometimes fay the temper and patience of ani audience ; and tiie whole is over at a reasonable j hour. It is impossible to speak too highly of j the entertainment, which is elegant, novel, marvellous, and amusing, and well deserves to be patronised. We predict for Mr. Heller and his clever sister a continuance of tile interest which his first performance so largely excited. The same programme will be given every night this week. The services in connection with the first anniversary of the Draper Memorial Church were commenced on Sunday, April 17, when three sermons were preached, in the morning the Rev. Wm. Taylor conducted worship in the church, taking as his text the words of the apostis Paul —"I therefore, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called"'—Ephesians, iv., L The discourse was interesting and in structive. The Bey. Mr. Taylor preached in the afternoon hi the Town HaU. whioh was crowded, hundreds having to stand, unable to obtain seats. The basis of bis remarks was the verses—" These tilings have I written unto yon that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of tiie Son of God. And tills is tiie confidence that we have in Him, that if we ask anything according to His will He heareth as"—l John, v., 13 and 14\. The subject, he remarked, of his dis course was prayer. Prayer meant de pendence and necessity on their part; it meant faith in Him who had promised to supply all their need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus. Player implied contingency. If they asked anything according to His will it was a sore thing. They knew that He beareth them. The contingency or ground of doubt as to whether He would answer did not rest with God at all; it retted with them. Prayer was a heaven-ordained means of approach to the Almighty, who before they asked was acquainted with their wants and had a supply which *as like an in exhaustible river. The effect of prayer had more to do with them than with God. It brought them into a proper feeling to receive the divine blessing. It was the will of God that all should be saved for He willed not tiie death of a sinner; bat He would save none against themselves. The Almighty dealt with them as rational and intelligent beings. The conditions upon which the sinner wai pardoned were simple—in fact there was but a single condition, whioh was their having faith. Works went for nothing. On a shaer being pardoned he was justified, and justification meant merely acquittal—a judicial decision of acquittal. What was the act of fefth by which salvation was obtained ? He could give them a definition in two words—" receiving Christ," God bad given them eternal life, and that life was in His son. " For as many as received Him to them gave He power to become tiie sons of God." That was the way to get tiie blessing; not on his showing, but on the show ing of God. The act of faith was just as simple as a patient receiving a physician and placing his case in his hands, having faith in bis cre dentials. After receiving Christ, the Spirit bore witness with, tiieir spirits, thatthey were the children of God. Prayer for themselves meant not work, but submission; whilst, on the contrary, prayer for others meant work. It was that process by which they were brought into that relation in which they could be used as workers together with the Holy Ghost in bringing about the conversion of sinners. The evening service which was held in tile Church, was conducted by the Bey. Thomas James, who preached an admirable sermon upon tiie words, "He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life, and he that believeth not the Son shall not ace life, but the wrath of Godabidethonhim."—JohniiL, 36. The con gregations at the Church were large, and a oollection was made at the close of eaoh ser vice. Fpsr-Ci-ASS.—The nndenigned beg leave to advise that, through import* to |hand and selections made in thi? market, they are now offering a Choice of Two -Hubdbkd abb FOKTMHOHT (248) FaTZKKHS — TWEEDB CtOTHB, and Doesunb. They have also secured the best talent in Melbourne a* Cutter. Vesta to order, from 15*. to £1 6«,; Tronieri d 0.,£1 Bs. to £1 18s.; Coats d 0.,£1 18s7to £4; Black SrM, do., £4 to £7 10s. Jora Ballasttoe & Co., 38, Bondle-rtreet Seconi>-Claj?B.—To meet the reqnnement? cf our increasing teade, we har« constituted a Second-Class DiPA?iiaHTfor ttie making of i Meh's,BOTB I,andYoOTHS* Cloththo andean ' now offer special indncemente to all who wish I GOLOHIAL CIOTHUfO Cot to Obdeb at Low 1 Bates. Men's Trousers to order, heavy, well- i made,lsb. 6d.; do. Vests do., 7a. 3d.; do. Coats i da; SI lls. Johh BAUAirrnrc & Co., 38, i Rundle-s do • i 