OUR AMUSEMENTS. prince of wales opera house. "The Contested Election" held the stage till Monday night, when was presented Mrs. Centlive's three-act comedy of " The Busy Body," with Mr. Charles Mathews as the ubiquitous Marplot, whose good intentions of friendly service entail so much humourous disas ter. With a genial tenor adapted to character in all time there is combined in this comedy that quaintness of language peculiar to its time, which serves to exclude it somewhat from the taste of the day, being "caviare to the general;" and in less able hands than Mr. Matthews it would certainly lack intense interest. It is a comedy — as indeed are all the older ones — which requires first-class actors ; not such as those of the new school, who study from parts and cues, but of the old, who went to the context for the interpreta tion, and whose reading was, and properly so, consequently easy and colloquial. Unfortunately for the colonial stage, we have too many new-school comedy actors and actresses — people who are sel dom perfect, and, perfect or not, so chop up sentences, and jerk out common-place expressions, as entirely to change their meaning, to say nothing of their own interpolations. They lack the artistic ease which a knowledge of the text and context would give, and their natural disability of expression often presents au insurmountable bar to success — though the latter might be remedied by study and practice. To this very numerous class belongs Mr. Monro, a gentle man of Melbourne celebrity, a place where they make reputations for men having none, and more certainly damn those who were pre viously possessed ; a young gentleman who has evidently started to go up in his profession upon the top round of his ladder, and in attempting now to move must inevitably descend. Another glaring fault of Mr. Monro's is, the habit he has of anticipating the laughter of the audience by a constant giggle so interlaced with imperfectly pronounced sentences as to be positively disagreeable If we should farther ask you, " What do you think he done?" (as he expressed himself in the comedy on Wednesday night) what do you think would be your reply ? Leaving him, however, in hope of amend ment, we turn to the Sir Francis Gripe of Mr. Charles Young played in the sterling old- school style ; and the earnest, easy Sir George Airy of Mr. Douglas, who, at a very short notice, supplied the place of Mr. Hoskins, invalided, Miss Colville looked and dressed the part of Miranda charmingly. The comedy was succeeded on Wed nesday night by a little pictorial drama called "A Romantic Idea." This was produced in Melbourne a few years ago, at the Princess Theatre, by Mr. George Fawcett (Rowe), who was only second to Mr. Mathews as Hans Skelter. The scene is laid upon the Rhine, the cradle of romance, and adjacent to some ruins said by the vil lagers to be haunted. Hans Skelter is a traveller, fond of adventure, and sceptical as to ghosts, &c.;, determines to visit a certain haunted castle, and when there betakes him to rest. The characters in the prologue form the spectral inhabitants of the castle — the hero (Mr. Mathews) becoming, in a dream, one Adolf ; the landlord of the inn, Rogueingraw (Mr. Young) becomes Grimbald the former Count, said Adolf's father, while Madame, the landlord's young wife (Miss Col ville) becomes the Countess Hildegarde ; Karl, the postillion (Mr. Monro), the demoniacal Jester; Therese (Miss Stephenson), Bertha, and Franz (Mr. Poole), Hugo. Some excellent mock sentiment was served out in the episode in true burlesque spirit, and this was capitally foiled by Mr. Mathews ; but the effect of a pretty little song in the opening was destroyed by Miss Montague, who certainly does not include singing in the list of her accomplishments. Some very pretty scenery was used, and the changes were well effected. This, Friday evening (a command night) Mr. James Bartlett, a favorite comedian, will make his appearance as Hugh de Bras in "A Regular Fix. " Mr. Mathews also appears in two celebrated impersonations. school of arts. Mr. Punch had much pleasure in welcoming his friend Mr. Andrew Fairfax, on Tuesday evening for the first time since his late severe illness. An excellent programme had been prepared, which was admirably performed. Miss James, who was in excellent voice, sang "Robert toi que jaime" extremely well, and rendered the other parts of the entertainment in which she was engaged with all that ease and finish which is so noticeable in Miss James' performance generally. Miss Kosten was encored in Shloesser's ballad of the " Queen of the Sea," but we never heard her to less advantage. Mr. George F. Jackson's rendering of Mercadantes' romanza " Ma negli estremi," was, in our opinion, the gem of the evening so far as the vocal part is concerned. Mr, P. regretted to notice that Mr. Fairfax appeared to sing with a painful effort, and an encore, in his case was rather hard upon him. He sang " the Last Man, " and " the Exile's Lament" with much pathos and excellent expression, but his singing of " "Will o' the Wisp" was not at all in his old form. Mr. John Hill, in the absence of Mr. Packer, played the overtures to " Guillaume Tell" and " Semiramide" upon the harmonium magni ficently, in fact, the last was something to remember, and the instru- mentation of " Una voce" by Mr. Hodge on the clarionet was in that gentleman's best style. Altogether, the evening was a very pleasant one, and Mr. Punch could have wished that the attendance had been in proportion to the excellence of the entertainment. Mr. A. Fair fax certainly deserved more patronage than he received. 