ITEMS OF NEWS. At the ooncert and readings at the Meolmnios' Institute to-night, Herr Muenoh, professor of musio, of whom report speaks in favourable terms/ is to piny as nn intrOduotion the concert galop " Sans Souoi," and nfterwards in the course of the evening the " Shower of Pearls." It lias often been suggested that instead of having so many readings n Bliort loolnro ought to bo intro duced. The. trial is certainly worth malting, nnd we are glad to notice thnt Mr M'Lean is to take the initiative by giving a brief digest on a sub ject on which he lias spent some thought. Thefollowing tenderwas accepted at the Board of Lands and AYorlts yestordny : AVorks at Cus- llemiiine Gaol, AV. Spicor and Son, £100. /: Now that the warm spring weather has com menced, tbe Botanic Gnrdens will rapidly resume tbeir gay nnd brilliant appenrnnoe. For the con- venience of the visitors the eastern and western, portions should be connected by (nt lenat) a few stout planks. thrown across the dividing creek. It would be a very inexpensive, accommodation. ' A return cricket match was played on Tuesday between tlie Green Afnlley snd Nowstend bcIiooIb, resulting .in favour of Green Valley. Newstead having won. tho loss went to the wickets, but were'1 quickly disposed of for 38, Green 'Valley making 61. -i 'The total scores were— Newstead, 1st innings, 38 ; .2nd innings, 38 ; tolal, 70. Green Valley, 1st innirigs. 6.1.; 2nd ihqings, 66 : tpialj ,127. ; Mr Soott - 'provided lu'poli for t lie players. Tho conquering game is ; to; beplo yed shortly. . : A.iqecting of geqtlemenunterested iq,. the re formation of .the,'!1 Casilemains Cricket Club" was held at the Costlemaine hotel;, last evening, when the preliminary resolutions" having been passed, the followiog .were chosen office-bearers for the year— President, "Mr F. A. AVincli;' Mr J. F.. Sweeney, vice-president ; Mr,J. AV. Morres; secretary ; end Mr . J: Dowling,- ./treasurer. A', committee was appointed to draw up a.oodo.of rules'arid carry out the business of tlie clnb. Tlie 'nnDual.subscriptinri was fixed at 10s Od, and it -was. decided- to play the opening match on the 26th inst., on AVntllo Flat reserve. .« j A farmer,, of <.Muckleford,' named AVoodward, says the.Times, on Monday night had just fed his nag.-" arid '.gone to get bedding for it, during whiph. some; thief quietly got awayiwith'it.'.i.A troopier tracked the footprints for some, distance, but ultimately .Iqstitlie scent on .the main, -road. Yesterday information was received that' a lafl had ibeen seen1 riding the stolen -'horse near the Dewdrop Inn, Garisbrook, and the police- started in pursuit. , .j A " rriiserahle looking family named Curtis, consisting of the'riiother, a boy. about 15, and a smaller boy' about. six years, made their. appear/ ance .before the city magistrates on Tuesday, says the Age, under tlie folly wing circumstances. In- apector Palmer said, as lie was passing thrquglj Carlton the previous afternoon lie noticed a'gfes( disturbance in a smsll right of way, nnd upon proceeding to tlio "spot found the elder boy . reeling -about in a state of intoxication, while the mother was using very obscene iauguiige towards one of har-neiglibdnrs, wlio had reproached her for ber son's misconduct. The constable coming, up' at the : time lie was instructed to nrrest the whole; famijy,, the; mother -being charged with using obscene language, ' tlia elder boy witli drun- kenues8, and the younger one iVitli being, a neg lected child. Tlie inspector stated that upon' entering tlie 'hovel 1 in wlrioh the family lived, lie never: beheld suoh /q eceue of desolation, as ;tlie only, article of furniture was an empty. beer bpt'LleJ As tlie boy find been' before the bench on a' pre-: viuus occasion for .drunkenness,, lie was ordered: to be sent to/the reformatory ship for twelve: months, while the mother and tlie youngor child; were discharged with a caution, it being under-: stood that if she was again caught misbehaving berBelf in a similar manner she would be sent to gaol. . ; //._ . . .. ,. The Schlesiaclie Zeitung quotes . the following remarkable pussage from tlie Idees Napnleoni- ennes, written by Lnuis Napoleon in the year 1836:—" One nation is urged on against another; arid the one" is employed to accomplish the 'sub-, jectiori of tlie other. Tliej French liberate- the Italians from tlie yoke of Austria; Germany and, England remain neutral, for what, do they caro, about the AUstrians in Italy ! That is the first war. . AVlien the power of Austria is broken, then: comes the turn of neutral ' Germany and Prussia —without: Austria, but with- the' aid of the Italians. That is the" second war, by which the German question, tlie Rhine and Danish qnes-! tion, the Scheldt alluvium question— that is ths. incorporation' of Belgium and Holland' with France— will be solved. The third ivnrj will be directed against England. / . The object; or pre text will be to free the oppressed nationalities — the Irish and Scotch, as well ris the1 colonics — from the English rule ; to break the power of England on sea, and to dismember Great Britain. AVhatevjfr power can dispose of ships of war must help. ' Then the Great AVeBtern Empire of tiie Napoleon dynasty wilt be complete, and tlio othef flialf of the world, the , Eastern Empire, is Russia, against which; after she Iias bcen the ally arid tho aiixilinry, the last war will lis declared." "These plans," adds the Solilesisehe Zeitung, "may appear wild and fanciful, bnt , who can br.v that they are not in a fair- way to '-be realised ? The first wor has boen carried out accordipg , to tlie programme. . The second has' justi been inaugurated." J : V„ 1 " ' The old axiom that " possession is nine points; of (ho law," lias boen proved to be truthful in i may instances, but never more tlia'nin tlie, case' of AVard v Russell, beard at the Melbourne; County Court on Tuesday, when, the following peculiar , circumstances were detailed. In the year 1855, say's the Telegraph, a person named: 'Sbbriltz/Qwed the plaintiff £90; and being nbout. to start for New Zealand, be gave the plaintiff 1 possession of some hind belonging to him at East 3righton, telling trim that he could keep it as security until lie returned. Schult? took his departure for New Zealand, and AYnrd, having full coutrol over tho property, rented a portion of it— a paddock — to tlie defendant, who placed ciittlo upon the lnnd, and subsequently refuted to give up possession, hence the present action. The defonce was tliat Russel lind two rights of possession — one, that lie held a receipt irom AVard for £1 as a deposit for the purchase of ilia land, and that it was tlie plnintiffs fauU Die con tract was not completed ; and tlie other that he had purchased tiie land from Sclmltz through u solicitor, in this way : — A solicitor received a power of attorney from Scliultz to sell tlie pro perty to one Howard, and the deed nf conveyance was executed. Shortly after this transaction Ilownrd went to New Zealand, hut before going sold Die laud to one Crane, who through another solicitor, sold to the defendant Russell. AVard stated that the defendant had paid him -Is per week as rent for the land, but censed doing so after he paid the £1 deposit for the purchase of his interest in April last, and lie; denied that I10 ever gnvo up possession ; while the defendant an llio other hand alleged that he onlv allowed the plaintiff to live on the land on eufferiinco. Tho most peculiar feature in the case was that not a single document wns produced by ' either party. Hie Honour Judge Poiilmau gave; a verdict ior the plaintiff. A boy named AVallay, who lately stoic a sum of £23 from' a house in Carlton, and then set fire, to the placo to escape detection, has been cap tured nt Sunbury, found guilty, anil sent to tho trainiug-ship in Hobson's Bay, as a place difficult to escape from. The man, Henry .Tones, was on Tuesday sen tenced to . death for having committed a criminal assault on the 4th of April on a little child named Macnamara, under most aggravated cir cumstances (says the Geelong Advertiser). His Honour Judge AVillianis held out no hope ot mercy, and it is most probable, such crimes bay ing- become very frequent, tbat the law will be allowed to take its course. The details of the case were something really horrifying. The lawyers evidently missed a rich harvest on Monday last by not attending at the Steiglitz Police-court, where they wore anxiously inquired after by numerous litigants. There were several cases of obscene language, one assault case, and two cases of robbery from tho person in an hotel atAnalcie. Every ease seemed to lmve been oc-. casioned by the interference of nndomesticated females, and Mrs Ruan, landlady of the Anakjc hotel, figured conspicuously. She was adjudged by tbe bench to undergo three months imprison ment with hard lnbour, for robbing a man who went to sleep under the influence of drink sup plied there. James Walsh was committcd to take his trial at the next Geelorig General Ses sions for having stolen the pocket and money of the defendant in the previous case. Janet "Wil liams was sent to gaol for a fortnight for disgust ing the inhabitants of New Chum, Stciglitz, with her bad language. Some other persons, with pretensions to respectability, had very narrow 1 escapes from being placed in humiliating posj- .tions, and the events of the day may prove bene ficial to them in future. The Thames Advertiser, N.Z., has the follow ing respecting an extraordinary ainmal which has been captured at Porter's Creek :— " This, ani mal was caught in a swamp by dogs; the le'gB, Qr arms and legs, were tied, and it was lodged in. a vacant room in Mr Baker's store ; and now ; for the description : This Maori - gorillia has, it is stated.- a -head somewhat like a native, but two, tusks stick out, one on each side , of the /head.. There is a large tuft of hair on the top of the head. - The body is as dark as that of a Maori,' with hair on the armsand legs. He grimts some what like a pig. So far for the description. "The' animal' is apparently miscellaneous enough in his feeding, for we are informed that he eats potatoes piecrust, and nnts. ' AYe are 'informed that he is to he-brought over' here for publio exhibition,' and we must say wc should like to sec him. Since writing the above' we have received further, and, in some 'part, contradictory particulars., The animal, or ' monster, has been living with the natives for a ' long time, although. !it is1 now, as stated ahoye, in the keeping of Mr'Baker. It would almost appear that. the famous 'missing link ' has been discovered at last. The natives say that it is 100 years old, and that.it is a ' tupuna'. or ancestor. Thus it seems they are not so proud as we are, who do; not care, about be lieving' that we are descended from , monkeys.- Thcse natives are not prejudiced, and the learned professors Huxley- and Darwin would hail them as men after their 'own hearts. " Two gentlemen were yesterday over :at AVharekawa, and offered a pretty large sum for this animal; which is to decide jlie .development theory, bqt the negotia tion' for itspossession is riotcoueluded. ! "\\- A public meeting, was held at Cluues, on Oct. 3, to., jCqnsiijer; ; ,tho j .desirability, , or j otherwise of forming ri Clunes shire, of which , t|iel borough of Clones should; form, a part. The Mayor presided; nnd the attendance was large. iMi-jrice moved — "That, in the opinion of this.- meeting, it is desirable that a: Clunes shire shall be formed.", Mr Jobson, in seconding tbe: motion; adduced Newstead as ari instance of tlie I advantages of forming the district into a sliire. They had tried at Newstead1 first ii road! ilistrict -'boardjiiext a! borough council; urid finally liad ettled iuto a shire, 'arid. noiy 'in tliat locality,"'' where ' at first there imd/ bo'en scnrcsly a.bit of passable road, they iieid how miles of; metallBd roads, first-Class 'publio biiildiugSj aud'fan ovriflowiug,excheguer, and all.tliut bad been carried,out.vvitii a Is rate,' wbereas previously. a muoh.iiigher.ya to had.. been, found utterly insufficient to make tiie improve ments which were imperatively required. The motion was carried unauimoualy, amidst loud; olieeriug. : f '-. r : "Bat," writing in the Pleasant: Creek News, in reference to .Mr, 0, E;'. "Jones, .says " I assert my" firm ''conviction that .the greater - arid' grosser .outcomes, at which . we all 'pretend to stand amazedj were 'oaugb'f from' .that very corruption tliat was then fes'te'vipg iu liigh places, lite biggest1 sore of all. 1 It will_hg_a.diflloult matter to make, me belieye that .(lie ministerial .influences around Jories were. pure; rind I .am prepared to think! that tbe assertion : iiaving- reference '-to— Mr, M'Culloch baa ebqugli of a truthful foundation to make men halt with a grave query of astonish-i ment when the compaot between.: Bogus .and Mrj M'CulIoeh has beenread.-, 1 - j Tlio ,birri-cl6dr and; the duck present/ a very different appearance after a /shower. jp'ries- , t|ie' draggled may be lauglied at, v arid,, pecked "at, 'and crowed over, while the sleek oily plumage of the duck shows; That ; oritw'ard'isereriity. . arid!; immaculate? order which are a feature of, other gentlemen I oould name. . If. political' sin's tlirriughout a political life, are visited Bnd"prinished, ;I.lcnow more than one politician whose political1 death-bed will be haunted by the political ghost of the political part of Jones!"' 7 ' ' The following despatch from the Secretary of State for the" Colonies to the GoVornor of South' Australia, relative to intercolonial free trade, lias recently been laid -'before tlie Legislature of the neighbouring colony Downing-street, 15th July, 1870. - Sir;— I think it-important to insure that ; the Gpvernors qf the Australian colonies should not - misunderstand the views of Her Majesty's Government with regard to-intercolo nial free trade.' ;The different colonios of Aus tralia are nt present, in respect to their Customs duties, in the position of separato nnd independ ent countries.- So long as they remain in that .relation, n law which authorised the importation of good from one colony into another, on any' other terms ' than' those applicable to the imports from any foreign country, would be open, in the view of Her Majesty s Government, to the objec tion of principle which attaches to differential duties. But Her Majesty's Government would not object to the establishment of n complete Customs union between tiie Australian colonies, whether embracing two or more contiguous colo nies, or (which would be preferable) the whole Austrrilinri continont, witli its adjacent islands. If any negoliations should be aot on foot with this' object, you are at liberty to give them your cordial support. — I have, &o.;, Kimberley. Tbe Officer Administering the Government of South Australia." Tho Sydney Morning Herald of the 7th iuBt., gives the following horrid particulars of a supposed infanticide : — " About 5 o'olook on AVodncsday even ing last the dead body of a newly-born female child was found in tho bush, about 150 yards from the RiflB Range, Haddington, and on tho outskirts of Moore Park, by two boys named Francis and John Joyce, sons of a labourer in Union-street, Padding- ton. Tho body, which was porfootly naked/ was very muoli dooomposcd, and it had apparently, lo a large extont, been devoured by animals, probably dogs, the lungs, heart, and liver being entirely wanting. Tlio body was taken in chargo' by policc- constabio Mandoreon, and by him removed to tlie dcad-hou9o of tbe Benevolent' Asylum. Tho oity coroner, on being informed of tlio discovory, dirootod Mr ltenwick, M.D., to maka a post-mortem examina tion of tho body, but that gentleman, . owing to tlio abeenco of the vieccrn, the prosonce of which is ne cessary for the application of tlio hydrostatic and othor tests, and the advanced state of tbe decompo sition of the remains, wns of courso unablo to con clude whether tlio child had been fully born alivo or not, Under tlio circumstances, tho coroner, dis pensing with the formalities of an inquest, gavo an order for tho burial of tho body. It is to bo hoped tliat justice will soon overtake the unnatural mother who has rosortod to surreptitious moans that she might get rid of hor offspring," A young lady named Groom, was accidentally drowned in the Merri Greek, ou Sunday night last."' '" '- ; Free Laths are about to be erected 011 the Yarra by tho City Council of Melbourne, at a cost of £1770. The Ballarat Shire Council, this year, have a surplus of £248. A few years ago they were £13,000 in debt. It is mentioned as a remarkable coincidence by the Cornwall Chronicle "that old Iliginbotham, who was murdered at Launcestou on Saturday- night, passed much of his life in reading, and just before his death was reading 1 The Dead Se cret,' by AVilkic Collins, and had turned down the page as a mark at the chupter, headed ' The Close of .the Day.' " 1 ; i From Now Zealand, via Sydnoy, wo bavo news to the 30th September. Tho Tunranga correspondent of tho Now Zealand Herald states tbat the natives are determined to prevent the , construction of a telograpb lino for somo five miles unless they nro paid £550, nnd a yearly payment of 20s for every post erected, and 5s for every post out in their foreste. A largo fire broke out at Puriri on tho 26th ult., destroying totally a flax mill and other, buildinge- Somo incondiary attompted to burn down St. James's schoolroom at Auckland, on tho 26th September. Eugene Gapott, of the firm of Capott and Forceau, of the Thamos, committed snicidoon tbe 23rd Soptomber, Thirty-four hau- liaus tiavo surrondored at Whautane. Vinacnt, who had beon sentenced to a long term of imprisonment for attempting to murder a girl at Hokiiiki, and who had esoaped from priBon, has boen recaptured ; and a prisoner nnmed Wilson, who had oscaped from Shortlnnd gaol, has also beon taken again. 