LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF THE NEW CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, IPSWICH. (from a correspondent.) If a stranger had visited Ipswich for the first time on Tuesday, he would, undoubtedly, have felt that it was the most lively town in Queensland. There was nothing in the aspect of the town itself to account for it; no display of bunting or triumphal arches to indicate that anything extraordinary was about to take place j nevertheless, it was evident that the people were on the qui vine. What could the crowds, who were flocking in from all sides, be coming to see dressed in holiday clothes too, and in groups too numerous to be bent on mere business. As we entered the town, about half-past 3, and passed up Brisbane-street, we found Messrs. Cribb and Foote's stores closed for the day, and the Volunteers mustering in strong force. Of course we knew what was the moving principle in all this preparation, and accordingly wended our way to the ground upon which the new Congregational church is to be erected. Here there was a considerable gathering, although the sun was intensely hot, and the ceremony of the day was still looming in the distance and a long hour's distance it turned out to be. A triangle of scaffold poles, dressed in a green suit, was the only external demonstration ; the usual Union Jack did not put in an appearance upon this occasion, but under the triangle was suspended the object of the day, and if the stone had been a living reality, it must have blushed on account of the many curious glances which flashed upon it. However, it rested very calmly in its solid dignity, waiting the command, descend, and hold in your ponderous bosom the treasures which will be committed to you to keep." Looking upon a foundation stone under the blaze of a summer day in Queensland, however, is rather tedious work, so we adjourned to the old church, which, after the American plan, had been put upon wheels, and bodily moved away from the spot where it had rested for fifteen years, to the back of the church premises, where it is yet to do duty as the place of worship for the congregation until the new church be erected, and, after that, as a schoolroom for the Sunday scholars. Here we found a perfect feast of water- melons, which had been provided, so it was stated, " for the children ¡" but, if so, many of the children who partook of them were certainly older than those who figure in our National and Sunday schools. Well, it had better come out, our own worthy self took just a wee bit," and found it very refreshing. " Hallo, there is the band, and into the street we again proceeded to meet the Volun- teers, ready, aye ready," in full march, giving us an indication of the approach of His Excellency ; so up to Tattersalls wo hastened, and arrived in time to witness the procession of the Oddfellows, with an odd fellow at their head, who was blowing the bagpipes with all his might, exciting the fear lest he should exhaust all the wind in his own chest, and become a patriotic martyr to the ceremony of the day. The turn- out of the society was very creditable, and as they formed themselves in a line on either side of the road, with their banners and regalia, the scene was very interesting. Through this line His Excellency passed amid the most vociferous cheers, and on alighting from the carriage, in which he had come from Mr. Bell's residence, No. was received by the several Congregational ministers, who were assembled to meet him. After a very short interval, the procession was formed. On arriving at the ground the National Anthem was played, the Oddfellows formed in line, and His Excellency at once passed to the place of appointed. An immense crowd was gathered here, and now the fact _ became evident that sufficient accommodation had not been provided. Probably the laying of foundation stones is not an everyday occurrence in Queensland, but if the land is worth anything, and it is, we would decidedly recommend on all future occasions, that a barrier of thirty feet in diameter, making a circle of at least ninety feet, should in all such cases be prepared. More people would see and hear, and much crushing could be avoided. As it was yesterday, with the intense heat, and the very limited space, the ceremony was much marred. However, all passed off agreeably on the whole. The Rev. Mr. Mossop gave out a hymn, and the Rev. E. Griffith offered a suitable prayer, then Mr. Mossop, holding in his hand a round leaden case, addressed the assembled crowd. He alluded in very suitable words to the great kindness which had led His Excellency to honor this occasion with his presence and aid. He then briefly sketched the rise and history of the Congregational Church at Ipswich, spoke in feeling terms of the good men now in their graves, who had taken an interest in it, and very appropriately expressed a most fraternal satisfaction that the Rev. B. Griffith, under whose pastorate the old building was erected, was present this day to take a part in the commencement of a new church. Handing His Excellency the trowel and mallet, he concluded his address by asking the Governor, in the name of the church, to lay the foundation stone. Is it necessary to describe the spreading of the mortar, &c.; ? No. Suffice it to say the stone descended quietly into its resting place, the Governor gave it its quietus with the mallet, and then declared is said, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Then followed the reading of a very nice address by one of the officers of the Oddfellows, and it was really a very excellently worded document. Money was laid upon the stone, including a purse contributed by the Oddfellows, and the ceremony concluded with a host of cheers for almost everybody, at least there were enough for any who wished it to appropriate a comer of a cheer for himself. More music, more cheering, more congratulations, and lots of excitement with the small I boys, who were in astonishing force on the ground, and throng dispersed. Dispersed, to meet again at the School of Arts, where, at half-past 6, there was another J monster gathering. Every one was thirsty, and the prospect of a cup of tea was very cheering, j How much was drank deponent cannot say of his own knowledge, but the tax upon the tea pots must have been very heavy. Certainly the tables were well spread, every one had enough, and there were many fragments left. His Excellency arrived about a quarter to 7, and remained throughout the evening. At the meeting which succeeded the tea, there was some excellent music, some very admirable singing, and some very sensible talk. After a very elaborate cb m, sung by the choir of St. Paul's Church, who kindly gave their services upon the occasion, and who were accompanied upon" the harmonium by the talented organist of the same church, the Rev. Mr. Savage offered prayer. Mr. Whitehead then read a copy of the document which had been deposited in the foundation stone of, which was an epitome of the history of the Congregational Church in Ipswich, and also gave some particulars about the financial position of the undertaking, by which it appeared that about £600 was yet required, in order that the church might be opened free from debt. Governor Blackall then rose, and in his usual pleasant and excellent method of address, kept the audience in the most admirable state of enthusiasm as he read crated the sentiments which he has expressed upon other occasions else where, but in words exactly fitted to this particular occasion. Certainly there was not a dissentient voice in the shouts of approval which followed his well timed and judicious words. The Rev. Wm. Draper, of Goodna, then in an introductory address, prepared the way for the subject of the evening, by noting a few ideas, upon which he did not enlarge for want of time, upon the nature of the Church of Christ, The Rev. Mr. Waraker, of Toowoomba, followed in a very stirring and admirable speech ; upon the power of the Church of Christ. He ! dwelt much upon the tremendous power which, though apparently working in silence, yet was bursting the bands of tyranny and oppression everywhere. He condemned mere external show and noise, and, above all, conformity to the practice of the world, as damaging in an in- tense degree to the spirituality of the Church and in very appropriate but strong language, he I denounced the system of raising money for religious purposes by bazaars, drawings by lottery, and rallies. The applause which followed these remarks showed that a large portion of the audience sympathised with the speaker. The Rev. R. Griffith then spoke on the claims of the Church. The reverend gentleman evidently felt very much the position which he occupied, as he reviewed the history of the past, in which he had taken so prominent a part. Many who were present he remembered as children in the Sabbath school, and many had gone to their rest. " How necessary was it," said he, " to recollect the claims which this particular church bed upon them." These claims he then enforced in some very practical words, which, if remembered, will make the Congregational church at Ipswich one of the most successful in the colony. Then followed the Rev. S. Savage, of South Brisbane, who spoke upon the way in which the Church of Christ was to be supported. Of course money formed the basis of this support, but very tritely, Mr. Savage dwelt upon the higher principle of individual effort. The old adage, " Let your light shine before men," was admirably illustrated by the description of a splendid drawing-room, with all its superb furniture "covered up." But there was a little black poker in the fireplace, put there to do duty for the more Splendid fire irons, which were also " covered up." The illustration was very beautiful, when thorovorend gentlemen exhorted the Church to be like that little almost despised article to which he had alluded, rather than the more ornamental, whose only utility appeared to consist in being carefully preserved, merely to be looked at. Then followed a host of compliments : Mr. James Foote, Mr. Whitehead, Mr. S. Fraser, of Brisbane, Mr. G. Thorn, Mr. M'Farlane, and another gentleman whose name I did not catch, severally addressed the meeting. The ladies were thanked the music was eulogised the Governor enthusiastically greeted on retiring from the chair, and amidst the pealing of the national anthem, the people separated. Thus ended this very successful day, and as a pecuniary result it was announced that the proceeds would be upwards of £60. 