SELLING OFF ! SELLING OFF ! ! GREAT REDUCTION ! CLEARING OUT THE OLD STOCK ! to the editor Sir. — It is scarcely credible that in this ' age of enlightenment, such arrant non sense could be put forward by men pretending to scholarship as was advanced at the late Evangelical Alliance in Ade laide, presided over by Her Maesty's representative in this colony. Reading the speeches of the several individuals who attended on the occasion, one is at a loss whether to deplore more the absence of all theological training, or the contempt into which they were dragging the ele ments of Protestantism. As I cast my eye over their speeches, I felt myself thrown back to the days of Dean Swift (a Protestant clergyman) who said that the Protestants who had not sufficient talent for the learned professions — even almost to be common artisans — were in large numbers "fortunately admitted into the Church." It seemed to me that some of the speakers at the Alliance were the exact originals who sat before Swift when he painted the copy. The principal subjects of the Alliance were the Bible — the New Bible ! and the diffusion of God's Word among the poor benighted Papists. The old authorized version of the Protestant Bible, — for 300 years the bulwark of Protestantism — the palladium of liberty — is now being told off at the reduced rate of ljd. per copy. Oh, woe is me that my eyes should have lived to see those eventful days, when the Bible would be thus treated — sold off to the French and Prussian Governments for the making up of cartridges, and to the keepers of lolly shops to paper up their lollies at ljd. per copy. The enlightened Protestantism of the day has defined that the Bible authorized by the royal baby, Edward the Sixth, when sleeping in his cradle, is no longer fit to be used it is so replete Avith theological and logical errors and mistranslations. And se\reral ministers of the Protestant Church have gone so far as to declare that they would prefer to see the worst books of immorality in the hands of their congregations to the Bible until it was purged of its errors and obscurities. " Our modern Protestant divines are on a pilgrimage to the shrine of Tom Cranmer, invoking his shade to assist them in patching up another pie bald Bible that Avill suit the genteel Protestant-taste of the day. The old Bible was too coarse ! Every little conventicle is expected to contribute its farthing rush of erudition vide Governor Fergusson's speech) to aid in cleansing the present edition of its filthy errors and mistranslations and to agree in patching up a Common Bible, a second Tower of Babel, which Avill ap prove of the Faith of all, and condemn none. Whether he be a Greek and denies the Holy Ghost — a Deist, and denies God the Son — an Atheist, and denies God the Father — a Unitarian, and denies the Divinity of Christ — a Wesley an, Avho hates the Spiritual Supremacy of the Queen — 110 matter who he is — even a J ew, who spits on the Bible — they are all assembled in the common Workshop, planning and contriving one common dress-coat to suit each and every one. The present Bible with its 2,486 errors ; and Protestantism with its 244 variations in the time of Bossuet — Iioav many more now God only knows, have miserably failed in evangelizing the Avorld. Tens of thousands of Bibles have been printed and shipped year after year to all the Catholic countries — and millions of money have been expended in the farce of evangelizing — a mockery of God's holy Avord — Go where you may all over the Avorldand you Avill meet old Neptune, dres sed up in lawn sleeves, in the person of some old drunken English Captain, preaching the Bible and abusing the Pope ; or old Mars, represented by some old cavalry officer, dressed up in a powdered wig and perched on a tar barrel, or preaching from an old brandy cask in the market places. This Evangelical Alliance — the newest phrase of Protestantism — composed, as the majority of its members are, of holy weavers, discarded policemen, broken doAvn attorneys, gamblers, sportsmen — a suitable retinue for the Governor of this colony — have for the last forty years been trying to gull the generous, simple minded English people Avith stories of conversions in foreign lands, and striving to make converts by mixing gruel and soup Avith Genesis and extracts from Deuteronomy, and keeping their faith Avarm with horse rugs and blankets. The members of the New Holy Alliance in the colonies all along have been doing nothing but prac tising the grossest deceptions on the credulity of their countrymen at home by encouraging them to send money, clothes, and Bibles for the conversion of ' the poor benighted pagans around the ; Cape of Good Hope, in NeAV Zealand, in Australia, and over the Fiji Islands ; but which the parson, his Avife and children contrive to turn to their own benefit, or traffic with the natives. During the last 40 years that this Evangelical Alliance has been carrying on this grossest impos- j ture ever practised on the credulity of mankind, substituting falsehood and lies and immorality and war for the merciful laws of Christ, and the eternal charities of God, has it succeeded in making one hundred converts ? Certainty not. 'What good they have realized about the Cape of ( Good Hope, in the Indies and New Zea land, the present generation need not to , be told : a dismal exterminating Avarfare i o 1 upon the poor natives of these colonies is ! the hateful result of the Protestant 1 Alliance. Its course was also directed to evange lising the Irish. . Men Avho had rendered , the profession of religion in England a : mere mockery, Avho had kindled indif- ; ferentism and infidelity in all classes of the English community, went over to ! Ireland, as libellers of virtue, apostles of ; religous rancour, and the professors of national discord. What good ever re sulted from the Protestant Evangelical Alliance in Ireland ? They never made a dozen converts notwithstanding the ex travagant expenditure of money 011 clothes, soup kitchens, Bibles, and Indian meal. And mirabile dictu / — though the Evangelical Alliance is shipping off thou sands of Bibles and expending oceans of money in fitting out missionaries for the conversion of poor benighted Pagans and Papists, no care, no anxiety is shown or taken about England's ignorance, her acknowledged immoralities, and her avoAved infidelity. According to the sworn testimony of Protestant Clergymen before committees of the House 01 Commons, there are millions of laboring men in England Avho are never seen at church. It is a public fact that there are fifty-eight well knoAvn Conventicles of open infidelity in London alone. It is well knoAAui that the tradesmen class and laborers of England and Scotland are buried in a torpid, incurable infidelity, and Tom Paine's writings are their prayer books, and Carlyle's their vesper hymn books to praise God by. The Rev. Mr. Jones and the Times the great Protestant thunderer most unblushingly confesses that fifty persons are the largest number knoAvn to attend worship regularly in any single church in London. There is a great apparent anxiety on the part of the Alliance to have the Bill j exported to foreign countries, and there is no effort made to save the Protestant English flocks, who are drifting by thou sands day after day into infidelity. Mr. Hume, in his examination before the House of Commons, stated that there Avere at least three hundred thousand Protes tants in London and the suburbs Avho lived and died without any practical reli gion or form of Avorship. And. all this in Protestant England — the land of the Bible 1 the cradle of the great Evangeli cal Alliance ! In fact, the entire Protes tant records of England proAre at once the total failure of Protestantism to keep the human mind from drifting and becoming shipwrecked on the rocks of infidelity ; and all this from having broken down all authority ; taking aAvay all checks of the human heart, by flinging the humrm. mind on a troubled ocean of doubt ; by unbridling human passion and demoraliz ing a nation's character; Medice cur a teipsum. INQUISITOR. 