ODD NOTES BY A BOHEMIAN. What a blessing it is to the occupants of the strangers' gallery that Forbes is chairman of committees. There wouldn't be a bit of amuse-<*> ment only for that But now, directly the House gets into committee, the fan begin*. I am studying Forbes. He is a cariosity, take him which way you wilL To hear him " pat" the question, and always put it wrong, is inter esting. I wouldn't hare believed it possible for so many changes to be rung on a few simple word* if I hadn't heard my noble Forbes. I am not in the habit of betting, otherwise I should be " good " to offer odds that he could put a question fire hundred different ways, none of which would be very far wrong, and none quite right. Now that's an accomplishment, mind you, that very few men can lay claim to. It shows great ingenuity. Palmer omitted to mention it when setting forth Forbes' many qualifications for the billet of Chairman of Committees, but in my opinion that alone is honestly worth the £400 a year. This, however, is only one out of many sources of refined enjoyment to be had when Forbes is in the chair. It is delightful to watch the deliberate manner in which he mixes up amendments and original motions until he gets them into such a tangle that it require* the united efforts of Bernays, Sadford, and half-a doxen of the most experienced members in the House to untwist them. After this operation has been successfully performed, the gentle Forbes rises with a benignant smile and puts the question—wrong. It is pleasant too to watch the effect of Forbes on Bernays, and Radford, the clerk and assistant clerk of the Assembly. As soon as the motion is passed for the Bpeaker to leare the chair and the House to go into committee—they go white. Prom this color, as Forbes warms to his work, they get redder and redder until just as you think they are on the point of relieving them selres by ,a little profane swearing—they simultaneously break out into a profuse per spiration. It is a noble sight to see good men struggling with difficulties. I enjoy it amaiingly. It makes me feel serene and benevolent. The clerk and assistant clerk of the Assembly are good men ; Forbes is a " difficulty," and the way they struggle with him is a caution. They always come off second beet, because Forbes is so very cool, collected, and positive, but they don't mind the defeat. They tackle him again as fresh as ever, apparently in the full belief that by-and-bye they will be able to get him to put a question in an absolutely cor rect manner—so great is the faith of these men. After perspiring for six or eight hour* with him they renew the contest as bravely as though it was the first time. I am proud to hear that our revenue officers are quite as smart as those of New Sooth Wales or Victoria. lam the more delighted to hear it because if you remember when By friend T. B. Stephens was a minister some time ago, he had to confess, in answer to an imper tinent question by a member, that all the inspectors of distilleries had left other branches of the public service " under a cloud." You know what that tntmif. eh? I suppose they wen appointed on the principle of "Seta" ahem! I need not repeat the proverb. I have no doubt they were jut the right sort of men to prevent illicit distilla tion. I don't know to which of thssn halonga the credit, but a still was seised in Brisbane last week. Tea! It han't bean long siaee a still was found at Thaeae, Walker, and Cow's, at Sydney; only a fortnight ago another large still was seised in Melbourne j and our itissiis offieen felt it incumbent on them to prat* that they earned their money, to last weak they also made a seizure. In a suepwiosM-lookmg bsulamg at the back of Queenttreat they found a three gallon still, and all the appliances for making spirit. They also found a quantity of spirit on the premises. The eonosrn hadn't been at work more than three months, so you see they lost no time. They didn't take the still and the spirits away, though. No, they left everything just as they found it with the exception of a few nobblsrs of whisky, or whatever you like to call it, and a broken window which they did not atop to fasten. Yon see in exploring the | isis while the proprietors were away they discovered thai the parties had a license to use a still of any aise up to eight gallons, so they would not take the little contemptible three-gallon afair. Kind, wasn't it? The active and intelligent omcer who planned and carried out that piece of work, deserves to be rewarded, and 1 hope the Colonial Treasurer wul not forget him. It would be a capital plan to have a number of leather medals struck to present to officers who JM^tg-frl* themselves in this sort of way. My old friend Bibulous aays I utterly raised his little game with the " Tommy Dodd" shillings by " blowing" on it in the way I did—Bib.isgiven to talking slang in his sober moments. The publicans and sinners won't serve him with liquor now until they see what sort of money ha has. But the saints have discovered a way of get ting rid of their worn and defaced silver coin in a manner that does equal credit to their bene volence, prudence, economy, and, in fact, all the noble and Christian virtues. They take them to church, and put them on the plate at the offertory. A benighted churchwarden was com plaining to me about this the other day. He don't sea the thing in its true light, and I couldn't make him see it. No, he was as obsti nate as a mule, and persisted in calling it mean, contemptible, and everything that was bad. I tried to explain to him what a fine moral lnesnn these good people were t*n*hing the Church by presenting only smooth and defaced coins. These collections at church are rerj objection able. They break in on one's devotions, and set you diving into your pockets for stray coins. Who can feel devout while deliberating whether you will give sixpence or a shilling ? If a Chris tian should have nothing less than half-a-crown about him, ten to one but he is irreverent and uncharitable for the remainder of the day, no matter what amount of charity he might have been imbued with previously. Now, if every body would make a practice of only giving " Tommy Dodds " at these collections, two ex cellent results would follow. The worn and de faced silver coinage would soon be withdrawn from circulation, and churchwardens would give up the practice of indecently interrupting peo ple's devotioas by poking a pewter plate under their noses, and dumbly appealing for filthy lucre. I have a profound reverence for the system of trial by jury. It is the palladium' of English liberty—whatever that may mean. If a priso ner can only get a friend or a relative on his jury its astonishing how that jury will stick out for the liberty of the subject. If, in addition to a prisoner getting a friend or relative on his jury, he can secure a German or two who do not thoroughly understand the English language he is as " right as a triret," as the sublime Milton beautifully expresses it It don't matter how clear his guilt is proved, he will get off with flying colors. The judge may omit to tell him that he " leaves the dock without a stain on his character," but that don't matter much. Now, this is very handy, you know. Everybody has the germs of criminality in him, and who knows how soon circumstances may de velop them into actual crime. If it was not for juries, a criminal who was really guilty wouldn't stand the ghost of a chance. Therefore, I am proud of the " palladium," and I say, more power to you, my liberty-loving friends who serve on juries. I have come to this conclusion within the last two days. A ooxPLnaxTABY dinner m given on Not. 28, at the Queensland Club, to Mr. E. B, Drury, the manager of the Bank of Australasia, on his departure for Victoria. Sir 1 If. O. CCon. Nell presided, and about thirty f entlem«n tat down to a very excellent repast which wu served in Mr. Baldwin's best style. After the elothwts ■drawn the health of the guest was drank in bumpers, and duly responded to. A number of other toasts followed, and a rery pbaiaat ares* iajvatfpaak. 