MR. IIAKWOOD'S BENEFIT. Adelaide did make an effort on behalf of Mr. Harwood, and the manager's benefit has been :i success. The house was good for the season, and in some parts much better than Mr. Har wood has had the satisfaction of seeing it before. The performance was one which will draw more ?rood houses. The opening farce, ' A Model Husband,' is one of those happy efforts of dramatic humour which can be put on with a rompnratively small cast. It has its chief fun concentrated into _ three ri'kf, which were respectively occupied by Miss Docy Stewart, Mr. Harwood, and Mr. Stewart. Simon Shanky is one of the unfortunate gen tlemen who tumble into matrimony before they loarn to hold their own against womankind, ile has fallen into the hands of a termagant mother-in-law and a domiHecring wife, who con trives to reverse the natural order of domestic life. Simon has to attend to household duties, while Mrs. Simon amuses herself with a gallant of the Dundreary tribe. They arc visited by Simon's brother from Yorkshire, a stanch upholder of tho old-fashioned idea of women's rights. Sampson Shanky, disgusted at the petticoat government that prevails, incites Simon to rebellion, and after several un successful attempts on Simon's part, the male M'de comes off notorious. Mrs. Shanky's spark Adolplms Fitzblazington, is discovered to be a transmogrified barber's clerk. When he has been exposed and kicked out, proper relations are established in the Shanky family. Husband and wife, mother-in-law and brother-in-law, shake hands over Simon's broken crockery. Mr. Horwood adapted himself most thoroughly to the part of henpecked Benedict. He assumed :i look of simplicity bordering on the idiotic. He abounded in traits of moral and mental weakness. He was fussy, always in a hurry, and always afraid of something going wrong. He introduced the most unsuitable employ ments for a man, and was ludicrously awkward in all of them. His divided attention between cooking and nursing led to the most laughable dilemmas. The wavering of his resolutions as the struggle against his female tyrants proceeded was even more absurd than his submission. The improvement in his bearing when he ultimately recovered his manhood was portrayed with special skill. Simon Shanky was altogether mi excellent developement of character, and those who nearly split their sides over its sillinesses may be asked whether it was funny or not. In the Yorkshireraan Mr. Stewart had only a conventional dialect to sustain, and that is one of his fortes, though by no means his greatest. Brogue dialect, lingua franca, or dog latin he can do like eating natives. Moreover the Yorkshireman was bluff and energetic. His rating of the 'molly- coddle' brother, his defiance of the mother-in-law, and his sefctiug down of the high Landed wife, were all very vigorous. As Mr3. Shanky Miss Docy Stewart appeared for the first time out of burlesque. Sho exhibited merits of stylo and elocutiou which burlesque is rot capablo of eliciting. Though there wae nothiDg very intricate ov elaborate about ths character, it permitted the display of spirited and appropriate acting. MissBu.she played the mother-in-law very fairly, and there have been many worse-looking FitzUazingtons in Hindley strcet than Mr. Sefton. The interlude was distinguished by two favourite songs—' He's a Pal o1 Mine,' by the Misses Stewart, and a very amusing medley by Mr. Stewart and Miss Maggie. Both were encored, and they would have to be very often repeated before 'the public tired of paying them such a compliment. The last piece was a new burlesque, 'The Bride of Abydos,' in which the 3Iisscs Duvalli essayed the leading f'tlfg. In one respect they could not have Iwen so efficiently tilled by any other members of the nompany. They were of course Oriental ,ijla— Salim and' Zuleika, to wit— and nothing can better excite the illusion of Orientalism than dancing. The Misses Du valli understood their opportunity, and intro duced dances at once novel and characteristic. One of them was a triumph of picturesque motion ; it had in it the music and the aerial beauty of the East. In singing Salim and Zuleika were hardly so fortunate. They lack the vocal power to move an audience very deeply, but they deserve great praise for the dramatic talent with which they conceal that defect. They have always the right spirit in them for whatever 'bey_ have to do, and it sometimes renders physical power a secondary consideration. Mr. Harwood's burlesque of Mirza, the Melo dramatic Pirate, had even more than his usual breadth of humour. There was a cleverly drawn character, and a lively text to work upon, and Mr. Harwood is just the man to cany absurdity of any kind to its climax. His rescue \--f Zuleika and Sobeidc from his own men was accompanied with a rare burst of heroics. His love-making was :i lesson to sentimental youth. His frenzied declamation was a cruel parody on the Maeready school. And what a ghost he made in disclosing to his long-lost son that he had treated after the manner of Hamlet's father! Incongruity and extravagance exhausted themselves in the court scene, where Mirza and his fellow-pirates exhibit to the Pacha of Abydos some modern gymnastics. This also was caricature of the wildest kind, so very will' indeed that the burlesque rather abruptly closes immediately after it. We observe that the entire programme is to be repeated to-night, and a Saturday audience could not have anything better titted t-- tickle them. 