FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1870. We have hitherto refrained from discussing G. H. SUPPLES case in our leading columns, for reasons which our readers will no doubt understand and appreciate, and we shall probably pursue the same course so long as the case remains under judicial consideration-that is, so far as the main points in it are concerned, and so far as its discussion could have any effect upon the unfortunate man's ultimate fate. But one or two questions of general interest have arisen out of the case, and these we may now consider without impropriety. In the first place, then, it has somehow come to be believed in certain quarters that SUPPLES attack upon Mr. G. P. SMITH arose out of offended national feeling that it was intended to avenge to some small extent the wrongs of Ireland. This is altogether a mistake, and one which it is highly necessary to correct. "We will not attempt to explain SUPPLES conduct, because we believe it to be entirely incapable of being explained in a manner that would be intelligible to sane minds. When he attacked Mr. SMITH, he was under the influence of an insane delusion, and his motives cannot be canvassed like the motives of a man in full possession of his faculties. But something may be gathered from his own account of the motives by which he was actuated, and that something is that Ms quarrel with Mr. SMITH was strictly personal to himself (SUPPLE) and his immediate relatives. It is true that he finds a commencement of Ms hatred of Mr. SMITH in certain writings which he attributed to the latter, and in which Irishmen were abused, but as his hate grew through all the miserable years during which it darkened his life, it entirely changed its character. Mr, SMITH persecuted himself and his family with systematic slanders-this is what he insanely believed, and it was to avenge this wrong that he resolved to have Mr. SMITH'S life though he should pay the penalty with his own. Thinking as we do of SUPPLES mental condition at the date of his attack upon Mr. SMITH, we should scarcely have expected that the most sensitive of Irishmen would have been disturbed by the incident, even though SUPPLE had avowed his motive to be a national one. But it was not so. The whole evidence in the case shows that the quarrel was entirely personal, and SuPPLE has frequently declared that it was so, putting aside all suggestions to the contrary with anger and scorn. We therefore hope that no further attempts will be made to invest the affair with the importance of a national quarrel, and that any ill feeling that may have been excited by presenting it in that light will soon die out. In commenting upon SUPPXH'S reprieve some of our contemporaries have complained that this was due to his wealth, his social position, and the influence of numerous friends, and they take it greatly amiss that members of the two professions to which he belonged exerted themselves actively in his behalf. In dealing with these criticisms, it is a little difficult to know how to take hold of them. The fault- finders do not say that the prisoner's life should not have been spared-they complain that a poorer man, or one with fewer friends, would have been hanged in like circumstances. But if SUITLE'S life was justly spared, that should surely be enough. If other men have been unjustly hanged because they had no money to pay for their defence, nor friends capable of representing their case in a proper light, that is much to be regretted. But taking SUPPLES life would not have mended their case, In the present imperfect condition of society, the wealthy man can sometimes get a better allowance of justice than the poor man, just as he can command a better supply of most desirable things ; but the evil is not that the rich get justice-it is that the poor too often get less than justice. By coming a little nearer to SUPPLES case, we can show still more clearly that the complaints to which his reprieve have given rise are entirely without foundation. Instead of being a rich man, SUPPLE was in very straitened circumstances for some time before the date of his attack upon Mr. SMITH. Bodily infirmity and mental disorder had to some extent incapacitated him, and his earnings barely sufficed for his support. Then it was not the fact that he had numerous friends. He was a brooding, solitary man, who made few acquaintances, and with whom acquaintance seldom ripened into friendship. for years past he could have counted his friends upon the fingers of one hand. It is true that as the nature of his case developed itself, many friends rose up around him, but of these very few had ever seen his face or heard his name. Some were shocked at the thought of a man being executed whom all who knew believed to be of unsound mind, and others could not stand idly by and see life taken for a " wilful" murder which had been committed accidentally." This is how SUPPLES numerous and influential body of friends was raised. Knowing nothing about him until after the commission of the act for which his life stood in danger, and entirely without prepossession in his-favour, their efforts in his behalf were dictated by no other feeling but humanity and love of justice. Instead of the agitation to which SUPPLES case gave rise being discredit- able to those who took part in it, as has been said, it does honour not only to themselves but to the whole community; and the success which rewarded , their exertions, instead of subverting justice, as has also been said, will tend to the improvement of our criminal judi- cature. The disinterested efforts of the bar on his behalf are worthy of special mention, Mr. HIGINBOTHAM and Dr. DenisoN devoted time and thought to his defence which money alone could not have purchased, and Mr. IRELAND and the other eminent lawyers who interested themselves in the case at a later stage of its progress, were no less earnest in the cause. Nor is his the first case in which the public of the colony, and notably the bar, have made noble efforts to save threatened lives, and otherwise remedy the mistakes of the courts, Several such cases might be enumerated, and we sincerely hope that if ever again a case like SUPPLES should arise similar efforts will again be used. To-day the contributors of the Alfred Hospital are to meet to adopt a constitution and rules for the management of this new charity, which is now nearly ready for opening. In preparing the draft of these rules the provisional committee have evidently paid careful attention to the indications of improvement which various circumstances in connexion with hospital management have suggested, so that, in the main, they may be accepted as a considerable improvement upon the average of such rules. Regarded generally, they exemplify the excellent principles of division of labour and efficient representation. The contributors constitute a general court, out of which a manag- ing court is to be elected, and this latter is subdivided into a finance committee, a building committee, an admission committee, and a weekly committee. But besides these, there is to be a medical committee, consisting of the honorary medical officers, whose functions will of course consist in the consideration of all matters particularly relating to the treatment of the patients under their care. The court of management will differ considerably from the ordinary hospital committee, in being composed, as to two-fifths of its number, of ex-officio members. These are to be the President of the Legislative Council, the Speaker of the Assembly, the chancellor of the University, the mayors of Melbourne, Prahran, St Kilda, Emerald hill, and Sandridge, the president of the Chamber of Commerce, and the president of the Royal Society. The remainder of the court, which altogether will number 23 members, will be elected by the general court. To the managing court it is proposed to remit some duties which of dinarily are performed by the contributors of a charity. In particular, the honorary medical officers are to be elected by them. This innovation upon a generally-established mode has naturally excited a good deal of attention in the medical profession, and, at first sight, it seemed as if the court would be taking too much authority to itself by exercising this function. But who- ever has seen anything of the degrading canvass to which medical men who are candidates for hospital appointments have almost necessarily to submit themselves, will not be sorry that the business of choosing the staff has been limited to five-and-twenty persons instead of a thousand. The inclusion in the managing court of ten ex-officio members, each one, from his position, presumably free from mere personal bias, should furnish sufficient leaven in the body to inspire confidence in the public mind as to the straightforwardness of its proceedings. It is quite certain, moreover, that by the customary mode of election of the staff, the best men of the profession are not by any means always chosen. In the majority of instances, contributors vote for a physician or surgeon from motives quite opposite to those arising from a conviction of his competency, and as, in the case of a contributor, no responsibility whatever is involved, it is often a matter of perfect indifference who shall be the successful candidate. The contributor promises the first applicant who comes to him. But in a limited body of 25 members, any mis- take in the selection of the staff would unquestionably evoke a large amount of public reprehension, and therefore the personal responsibility would be much more deeply felt, and, as a consequence, the duty would be more carefully exercised. In defining the qualifications of candidates for the medical staff, the one faculty principle has been virtually conceded. The only conditions insisted upon are, that the name of the candidate shall be on the register of the Medical Board of Victoria, and that he shall possess a diploma from some college or university, the course of study of which extends over four years. The adoption of the one-faculty principle is no doubt a step in advance of the existing system of medical education, which has not yet accepted it. There can be little doubt, however, that in practice it will work well enough ; but in framing the rule the provisional committee have probably unintentionally, committed an injustice. At the present time, the curriculum of all British licensing medical bodies extends over at least four years, but 20 years ago many curricula did not and as the diplomas of a great many practitioners in this colony date thus far back, the adoption of this rule, without modification, would shut out not a few eligible candidates. What the meeting to-day should do, therefore, will be to say that the diplomas held must have been granted by bodies which now require four years' stud)'. The exclusion of the medical element from the managing court is a wise resolve. The efficiency of the charity, no less than the dignity of the staff, will be far better consulted by constitut- ing them an entirely separate board to advise with the management on questions with which they are technically competent to deal. In the classification of patients, the old divisions of medical and surgical are to be adopted, and this necessitates the division of the staff into medical and surgical, so that it will be seen the one-faculty system is to be recognised only in the choice of the staff. No doubt, a committee, composed principally of lay members, did not care to embarrass themselves with the strictly scientific question of what constitutes medical and what surgical cases. It was probably sufficient for them that there existed an arbitrary division, which, in practice, had not worked altogether ill, and therefore they adopted it. But in an improved institution, which is to become a means of teaching the study of disease, as well as of ministering to suffering, it can hardly help but that the unscientific classification so long adopted will be eventually done away with. PETER JOHN MARTIN, J.P,, brewer, and lately a candidate for a seat in the Legislative Council, has recently appeared before the public in a new character, Instead of sitting on the bench, he was summoned before it, and was fined £30 and £12 12s. costs on two charges-the one of having counter- feited trade marks, and the other of having exposed for sale the porter brewed by him which was thus mis represented. Mr. MARTIN appealed against the decision, and consider- ing the uncertainty of all mundane affairs, especially those with which laws ers have principally to do, there was a possibility that acute and learned counsel might have succeeded in convincing the Court above that it was very wrong in the Court below to so fine a J.P. and one who had been a candidate for legislative honours, merely because he attempted to pass off his colonial brew for one of the best brands of English stout. Unfortunately, however, for Mr. MARTIN-, his appeal did not succeed, and yesterday the conviction was confirmed. Although the appeal broke down on a technical point, of the real facts of the case there seems to be no doubt. At the Police Court there was, indeed, no valid defence to the charge, and, in deciding the appeal, Judge POHLMAN observed that he " really did " not see any ground for supposing " that the merits of the case had not " been fairly determined upon." The clerk of Mr. MARÍTIN, J.P,, admitted that the counterfeit label was used. Certainly, he urged it was only done to oblige the customers. The porter was placed in stone bottles similar to those used for the pig brand-also to oblige the customers, and they were charged but a shilling per dozen extra for the accommodation. It was contended at the Police Court that no additional profit was reaped from the transaction, but this has nothing to do with the case. The deception, rendered so complete by the similarity in both bottles and labels, no doubt led to a much larger quantity of porter being sold for what it was not, and herein lies the offence. Looking at the whole transaction from Mr. MARTIN'S point of view, it no doubt appears extremely hard that he should not be allowed to obtain one shilling per dozen extra for favouring his customers with the noted " pig brand," without being hauled from his seat on the magisterial bench, and heavily fined by the stern and uncompromising justices he left behind. The lesson taught by the magistrates, and confirmed by Judge POHLMAN, is a good one, and it is to be hoped that it will have its proper effect. The" public are heavy sufferers by the deception which is practised through the numerous counterfeit representations which are resorted to. Every misrepresentation of an article which a trader indulges in is prima facie evidence of a fraudulent intention. Colonial beer is only labelled Bass's Ale in order that the price paid for the imported article may be obtained for the colonial, and Mr. MARTIN'S porter was only adorned with the " big " and" in order that the price usually commanded by the liquor which right- fully bears that mark might be obtained by the retailer from those who are so unsophisticated as not to perceive the difference. The imposture is not only a fraud upon the manufacturer whose distinctive mark or brand is imitated, but it is also a grievous wrong upon the deceased purchaser. A particular brand of porter or ale, a certain class of wine, or some article of food may be ordered by a physician in urgent cases, and although the relatives or attendants of the invalid may do their best to carry out the instruc- tion, their efforts may be without avail, in consequence of the fraud of unscrupulous imitators. These frauds are also most injurious to the honest trader and producer, because they tend to encourage the belief that colonial products and manufactures are so inferior that they cannot depend upon their intrinsic merits, but are only to be sold by means of unscrupulous misrepresenta- tion and lying labels. We do not believe that such is the case, and for their own interests it would be well if all colonial manufacturers did their utmost to discourage and punish those who by their misdemeanours cast discredit upon one of the most valuable classes of colonists those who have sufficient industry and capital to embark in new enterprises. Mr. MARTIN occupies a somewhat exceptional position. As a magistrate he was bound to uphold the law; as a brewer and a trader he has been fined for breaking it. It is understood that the Executive have Mr. MARTIN'S case now under consideration, and it will be for them to consider, after hearing what Mr. MARTIN may allege in his defence, whether, notwithstanding his high qualifications for the position of a magistrate, has acknowledged erudition, and acute discrimination, it is desirable that he should continue to occupy a seat upon the judicial bench. Just now, while the entries are being received for the matches at the forthcoming meeting of the Victorian Rifle Association, is an appropriate time for some explanation of the great improvements which the committee have effected at the Sandridge Butts. There are there 14 ranges, which can by a very slight -alteration be converted into 21. Thus there are two at 700, 800, and 600 yards, six at 400, 500, and 600 yards, and six at 200 and 300 Yards ; but in nine of the targets used there is a portion of the iron plate so hinged that it can be brought forward or swung back at pleasure, and thoiiring- pointbeingplaced back wards or forwards, gives the marksman a new range. This will be found extremely convenient when many men are firing at one range, and will enable thocompotitorstoget through, their shooting with extra rapidity. The targets are so arranged that the two long ranges, which are unchangeable, are at the extreme right, and, lest the firing at the shorter ranges should interfere, the three next ranges are made also unchangeable, and thus the corresponding firing-points being in a line, the men do not run any danger from bullets stripping or falling short. Moreover, it is worth notice that all cross firing snow done away with, and the old vexatious alterations in allowance for windage are thereby avoided. These alterations, undertaken by the association with the praiseworthy object of improving the shooting and increasing the personal facilities of the competitors, have cost much money, but the object being to put the Sandridge Butts in thoroughly good order, the council have not hold their hands. In addition, they have made the marking safer and more convenient. The markers' huts are within 2ft. (they used to be 20ft. distant) of the target, and each marker, sitting in his shot proof hut, uses long- handled discs, black and white, which, after a shot, he puts over the mark made-the black disc over the white bull's eye, and the white disc over the black portion, on which a centre or an outer is scored. Brushes dipped in paint are fastened to the sides of the discs, and thus the same movement indicates to those at the firing point the nature of the shot made, and effects the mark of the bullet. The shots will also be marked by the old signal flags. Ample means are taken to defend the marker from stray shots, for thick iron plates stand between him and harm, and if the bullet splashes, it does soon plate-glass nearly an inch thick. Forthebenofitof visitors and others, the grand stand is to be put into thorough repair, the space underneath fitted so as to be a store, and a house built alongside for the residence of the caretaker of the ranges. This function- ary, living on the ground, can check the Chinese who steal wood from the grand stand, and can supplement his income by selling ammunition to firing parties. It should be mentioned that the ranges, which have for some time been closed after 8 a.m., are now open at all proper times. The interest of the forthcoming meeting will be heightened by the presence of representatives from the neighbouring colonies, including South Australia, which sends the brothers Rankin, Colman, and Stark; New South Wales, which sends J. J. Slade, the champion shot of that colony and Peake, of New Zealand, but an old East Melbourne Artillery- man. The entries received yesterday, the first day on which they could be taken amounted to no less than 422, viz. In Match I., S- ; III., 98 ; IV., 83 ; V., 98 ; VII!., 29; and IX., 30. Entries will be also received to-day, and, at double the price, up to Tuesday next. The Ballarat Courier comments, in a lead ding - article, on the remarks which in our issue of Wednesday we made on the system of free passes on the Government railways. The Courier objects to two features in the Argus leader- one being that our statements were a good deal exaggerated,' and then re- producing every one of our assertions and arguments to show the evil of which we both complain." Further on the Courier adduces another ground of complaint, which is that that journal was contemptibly described by us as a country contemporary.' Now, to begin with the last of these charges. As we had already quoted the article from the Courier, we considered that journal sufficiently indicated by the reference to a country contemporary, a phrase which it seems rather unfair to characterise as one of contempt. As to the reproduction of its assertions, we only did so to the extent that we found them borne out by the actual details which we had before us-details which also showed us that the Courier's statements 1 ' were a good deal exaggerated." From these details -we see that the issue of passes in connexion with the Williamstown line-up- proper as we regard it in principle is in practice confined within narrower limits than the Courier supposed. That journal is also wrong in supposing that the competing railway company had to follow the Government lead in the matter of passes, as the case is precisely the reverse of this. The Courier used the words A very little consideration will show that an immense sum is annually lost to the revenue of the colony by these ridiculous passes," and stated that " the result is, that a paid-for ticket in the exception and a pass the rule." Now this statement is a rather strong one. It is also one capable of being brought to the test of figures. And certainly it stands this test very indifferently. The total number of free passes issued during the period embracing from May to September this year, both months inclusive, was as follows: -To captains of vessels on the Williamstown line, 64 ; ships' surgeons, 8 ; chief officers, 4. To the Melbourne press (seven journals), DO ; country press, 94 ; members of Parliament of New South Wales, 2 ; members of Parliament of Victoria, in lieu of lost passes, 4 on consular duty, 4 ; scientific visitors on visits of inquiry, 2 for the purposes of the New South Wales Industrial Exhibition, 3 ; sundry purposes, including journeys of Royal commissioners, about 25; to members of the railway staff travelling on business, two-thirds of which may be charged to the short Williamstown line, this item also including the General Post-office officials tra. veiling with mails, 013. Total, 873. During the same period the paying passengers numbered 42 2.03. These being the actual figures, we take the liberty of repeating although we agree with the Courier that the pass system is highly objectionable that in saying that "a paid-for ticket is the exception and a pass the rule, our country contemporary, if it will allow us to call it so, has made statements that were a good deal exaggerated." The Beiuliyo Jndependenthsa chanticleer the same subject, in which our statement is questioned that it is the least considerable of the country journals which make the freest use of the pass system. In reply to this we shall only observe, that we wrote with a full knowledge of the facts of the case, and that figures are accessible to demonstrate the accuracy of our statements. The Geelong Society's Agricultural Show was opened yesterday, and, honoured as it was by the visit of the Governor, the occasion was made one of holiday keeping at Geelong. Viscount Canterbury, accompanied by Mr. and the Hon. Mrs. C, 13. Bright, were conveyed to Geelong in a special train, and the town was liberally decked with bunting to afford them a gay reception. The half-holi- day proclaimed by the mayor was very generally kept, all the banks and most of the principal places of business and shops being closed. The day was brilliantly line, the entries at the show were plentiful and various, the visitors also were very numerous, and altogether the exhibition must be regarded as a success. A public meeting, convened by direction of the Board of Education, was held last night at the Carlton Orderly-room, Grattan-street, with the view of ascertaining the wish of the inhabitants respecting the establishment of a school on the reserved site at the intersection of Lygon and Reilly streets. Mr, R. H, Budd, inspector-general of schools, presided, and about 120 persons were present. The chairman opened the proceedings by explaining the circumstances which had rendered the meeting necessary. On the 14th May an application was received by the Board of Education from the committee of the school which met in the Orderly-room-generally known as the Carlton School, No. 175 requesting the board's permission to transfer the school from that place to the site reserved) for school purposes at the intersection of Reilly and Lygon Streets, Another school committee which had been formed in the locality also made application for the site, and memorials signed by a number of persons were forwarded in each case. Suggestions were made for the union of the two bodies, but as they did not seem disposed to unite, and as both claimed to represent the opinion of the district, it was decided to call this meet jug. After pointing out that there were already in Carlton six schools, attended on an average by 1,198 children, while they were capable of accommodating 1,752, Mr. Budd stated that if the meeting decided in favour of the new school, half of the money required for its erection would have to be subscribed in the district before the board would take action. He should not feel justified in recommending the establishment of a fresh school unless it would accommodate 300 children, and such a building would probably cost £1,000, so that the district would have to raise £300. A prolonged and irregular discussion ensued, and several motions were proposed, one after the other, until there were four distinct propositions before the chair. One of them was to adjourn the proceedings for a week to the Victoria-hall, Drummond-street, on the ground that the present meeting did not represent the locality which was most interested in the establishment of the proposed school. This was negatived by a large majority, and the meeting then decided, by 53 to 31, against a proposition made by the Rev. C. S. Perry, that no immediate steps should be taken in the matter. It was next agreed by a large majority, on the motion of Mr. R. H. Steed, that it was desirable to establish a school on the site in question, and on the motion of Mr. John Turner, jun., a recommendation was added that the school No. 17, "), with its teaching staff, should be transferred to the new building when erected. This step was advocated chiefly on account of the unsuitability of the Orderly-room for school purposes, it being impossible to accommodate there more than 100 children without infringing the rule of the board requiring in a school attended by that number of pupils a separate apartment for infants. A resolution having been passed pledging the meeting to subscribe towards the erection of the school, a committee was appointed, subject to the approval of the Board of Education, and the proceedings, which had lasted for upwards of two hours, closed. A memorial from the inhabitants of the parish of Warrenmang and other places adjacent to the township of Avoca, on the main road from Melbourne and Ballarat, was presented yesterday to the Deputy Postmaster General by Mr. B. G. Davies. The document set out that the settlers and miners within a distance of two miles from that parish number, at this time, 300 adults, and that much inconvenience, loss, and delay result to the memorialists in having to send to Moonambel for letters, papers, c, and prayed for the establishment of a post- office at Warrenmang. Mr. Turner stated that instructions would be given to one of the officers of the Postal department to report upon the necessity or otherwise of instituting a post-office at the place mentioned, and that a loose postbag would for the present be granted, and if the number of letters and papers received and transmitted justified the course, a postoffice would be established at the end of three months, The council of the Congregational Union and Mission of Victoria closed its sittings yesterday. The revised mission scheme was adopted, and arrangements made for the next yearly and half-yearly meetings. In the evening a public meeting was held in the Collins street Independent Church, Mr. Peterson in the chair. Several addresses were delivered, and reports were read, showing the doings of the Executive Committee of the Union during the past year. There were about 300 persons present. Mr. George Foord lectured in the Technological Museum last evening, on " The Chemistry of the Sea." There was a full attendance, and the lecture, of which a brief abstract is given in another column, was listened to with the utmost attention. The next feature of the series, on "The Common Uses of Astronomy," will be delivered by Mr. Ellery, on the 20th inst. The executive committee of the conference of delegates from shire councils, road boards, and borough councils met at Hockin's Hotel, yesterday, there being present Mr, Orr (chairman), the Hon. W. Bayles, Mr. Barwise, Mr. Lewis, and Mr. Mason. Mr. James Craig was appointed secretary to the committee. After long consultation it was resolved to defer active operations pending a reply from Sir James M'Culloch to the chairman's letter, or failing such reply, till nearer the meeting of Parliament. After some routine business the meeting adjourned. A lecture on the causes and incidents of the first Crusade was delivered by the Rev. Robert Potter, B.A., last evening, at the Prahran Town-hall, in aid of the building fund of the schoolhouse of All Saints', St. Kilda. There was a fair attendance, Mr. F. E. Kendall occupied the chair. The rev. lecturer, after explaining the causes which aroused all Christendom to resist the insults and persecutions of the Turkish hordes which held possession of Jerusalem during the latter end of the 11th century, described in graphic language the terrible calamities and dangers which the early Crusaders, under the leader- ship of Godfrey of Bouillon, had to encounter before success crowned their arms, and made them masters of Jerusalem. He succeeded in thoroughly interesting his audience in his subject, and was listened to throughout with close attention. Revelations from the Spirit World Ex- plained and Proved" formed the subject of a lecture, delivered last evening at the Trades hall, by a Mr. Oliver, who in his remarks endeavoured to convince his hearers of the reality of the " phenomena" of spiritism, and the truth of the said " revelations." He was followed by Mr. W. L Richardson, a surgeon now resident in Melbourne, but who for many years previously had practised at Ballarat, and who submitted that the said phenomena meant the discovery of a new force. He further deprecated the ridicule and abuse which had been cast upon spiritism, which subject he was anxiously investigating. Mr. J. W. Randall occupied the chair. Although the admission fee was Is,, nearly 100 people attended, The news of Maintop's misfortune was known at the bazaar early yesterday morning, and his name was quietly erased from the books of intending speculators. The great Warrior mystery is over, and proves to have been nothing after all On Wednesday evening he was freely backed, and the price went up rapidly till he stood at 6 to his owner having backed him for £1,200. Par- usan was backed at 2,000 to 30 ; Tim Whiffler remaining steady at the old price of 100 to 120. For the Hurdle Race, York Shireman and Ruled were backed at 5 to 1. Valentine at C to 1 Duke of Athol, who is said to have taken very kindly to jumping, under Harding- tuition, was fairly supported at 8 to 1. Planet found friends at 10 to 1, and Hindoo at 12 to 1. For the Grand National there is scarcely any betting ; the only two fancied are Reindeer and Dutchman, but the odds offered are considered too short. The question as to whether the stone wall is to be judged, is not yet finally settled, as so much will depend on the weather. The decision of the committee to do away with the handle at the finish, has given very general satisfaction to the ladies. A good deal of schooling has been done the last day or two in the neighbourhood of Flemington, and if all accounts are true, the gentlemen riders will be found not deficient in pluck, whatever they may be in head or hands. The pen was run through the name of Mary Jane, for the Hurdle Race, yesterday. This was fully expected by' all those who saw the miserable attempt she made at a gallop on Tuesday morning. The mare was in anything but good condition, and it was only the prestige of Mr. Moran's name that brought her into the betting at all. In the Equity Court yesterday, judgment was given in the case of Jones v. Taylor, which has attracted considerable attention, from the peculiarity of the circumstances attending it. In the latter end of 1867 the husband of the plaintiff died, leaving her the whole of his property, Thomas Taylor (a clergyman) and John Taylor (of the firm of Bryant and Taylor being the executors. Thomas Taylor appropriated the greater portion of the estate to his own use, and was lately sentenced to two years' imprisonment for doing so. A sum of £300 was lent to Bryant and Taylor, and the plaintiff instituted a suit in equity to obtain a dividend on their assigned estate for the amount. The principal defence was that the firm repaid the £300, and that Thomas Taylor was the only person liable for the money. His Honour, however, held that both the Taylors were responsible, and that the plaintiff was entitled to a dividend upon the estate of the firm of Bryant and Taylor, upon the £300, and upon the amount of her costs. Thomas Taylor was held personally liable for the costs, and a decree to that effect, calling on the master to report upon the accounts in the estate, was made. It will be remembered that some time ago the Borough Councils of Ballarat and Ballarat East obtained an injunction restraining the Bungaree Road Board from quarrying for stone on land reserved for the purposes of the water supply of Ballarat. The road board obtained leave to appeal to the Privy Council on the usual conditions, but apparently they are satisfied with the amount of litigation they have been already involved in for having neglected to enter into the customary recognisance for costs, the order authorising them to appeal to the Privy Council was yesterday revoked without opposition, and the plaintiffs were authorised to proceed for their costs as if the order had not been made. The result of the inquiry into the alleged misconduct of Detective Christie, in striking a man named Moore while he had the handcuffs on, is, that the detective has been reduced from second to third class. His pay has also been stopped for the days (about five during which he was suspended pending the inquiry. He has applied for a board to investigate the other charge of general misconduct, relative to the same case, brought against him. The two young men, Dunn and Connors, who were charged with assaulting and robbing James Mitchell, landlord of the Noah's Ark Hotel, in Leicester-street, Carlton, were brought up at the City Court yesterday and discharged, the accusation not being borne out by the evidence. It was stated that Mitchell was an cx-magsnian or card-sharper and Samuel Thomas, a customer, who was also stated to be a magsman, was fined 20s., along with a young man named O'Grady, for a breach of the peace, inspector Kabat stated that he would take proceedings to have Mitchell deprived of his licence. The cases of John Amery, landlord of the Australian Hotel, Little Bourke- street, and John McCaig, of the Shakspeare Hotel, Stephen-street, both of whom had been summoned to show cause why their licences should not be forfeited, they having been each three times convicted of offences against the Liquor Law, came before the District Court again yesterday. Amery's case was concluded last week, but the decision was postponed pending the hearing of the arguments in M'Caig's case. Yesterday, when this case was called on, however, it was stated that M'Caig was ill in the hospital, "and would be unable to appear for some days. Another week's postponement was therefore granted, but in Amery's case Mr. Pridham asked for a decision. Mr. Call, P.M., stated that he thought the defendant had not shown any sufficient cause why the law should not take its course, and he therefore declared the licence forfeited. Mr. Prid- ham gave notice of appeal, but Mr. Call said he did not think that the law gave power to appeal against a forfeiture. Mr. Pridham stated that he had obtained an opinion that he could do so from Dr. Mackay, and that if he could not appeal he would apply for a writ of prohibition. The question as to whether the defendant ought to close the hotel forth- with, or whether the licence held good pend- ing the appeal, was also raised and Mr. Call stated that he thought the house should be closed at once, but he would not make an order decidedly one way or the other saying that he merely gave the decision, and left the police to see that it was carried out. One of the men newly enlisted in the permanent staff corps at the Military Barracks, named O'Callaghan, was charged at the City Court yesterday with absenting himself from his hired service to a private person at Echuca. He had been some 18 months amongst the available men for drafting into the police force, but had in the meantime gone to work at the above place, and on the present probationary force being started, had left his employment and joined at the barracks. The warrant for absenting himself was then got out by his employer. He was remanded to Echuca. Two youthful vendors of papers were charged at the City Court yesterday with stealing knives. One went into a shop to sell a paper, but, finding no one in, he pocketed some knives, while the other kept watch outside. They were subsequently, however, arrested by Constable Flannery, and one confessed the theft. The Bench remanded one, and sent the other home with his mother. Several publicans were summoned before the District Court yesterday for selling liquor after midnight, but only two fines were indicted and the mode employed by the revenue inspector to obtain convictions seems rather calculated to take by surprise publicans willing; to observe the law than to punish those who, while ostensibly keeping their establishments closed, are carrying on a good business and harbouring the worst characters inside. Lucy Whitcombe, of the Royal Hotel, Swanston-street, and John Plomer, of the Royal Hotel, Victoria-street, were each fined £5, with 21s. costs, for selling liquor after mid- night. James Wood, of the Old Colonist Hotel, Swanston- street ; Julia Carroll, of the Suffolk Hotel, Little Collins-street and Charles Bennett, of the Royal Arcade Hotel, Little Collins-street, were also summoned for the same offence, but all three cases were dismissed, as it appeared that the defendants in each case had been in a great measure, entrapped into supplying the drink to an informer, who at one hotel purposely dropped a shilling, and when the landlady found it, 10 minutes afterwards, said he might as well have a drink on the strength of the discovery, and was served with a nobbler. This sale constituted the offence complained of in Carroll's case. In the other two cases, the informer had asked for a nobbler, having to press hard before they would serve him in one instance, and in the other it was stated that it had only just gone 12 o'clock. There was no other drinking being carried on in the bars, The two men, Boswell and Frankham, who were arrested at Whittlesea on Monday last, on a charge of being the men who garotted and robbed a man named Nolan, near Prince's-bridge, on the previous evening, turned out not to have been the offenders. A dog was stolen from Nolan, and it was believed that one which was found in the possession of the prisoners was Nolan's, but it was proved at the City Court yesterday that the animal had been in their possession for months past. They were accordingly discharged, this being apparently the only ground of suspicion against them. Just now, in the middle of the close season, great complaints are made of persons who persist in shooting wild fowl, and thus prevent the increase of game, which the game laws are designed to protect. Two men, named Jack- son and Domaine, stated to be one a litho- grapher and the other a printer, have been summoned to appear at the District Court on Monday, on a charge of shooting ducks out of season on the Merri Creek, at Northcote, where they reside. About midnight on Wednesday the warders on duty at the Pentridge stockade succeeded in capturing a man named Thomas Holmes, who having been recently discharged after a penal servitude of three years, had returned to deposit some tobacco, tea, and letters, intended to reach those he had left behind him. He was brought before Mr. Wilkinson, at Brunswick, yesterday morning, and sentenced to pay a fine of of £10, or one month's imprisonment. At the same court, Robert Knight was charged by Margaret Deering with assault with intent, and remanded for a week There was only one police case at the Sandridge Court yesterday. A woman named Ellen Arnold was charged with attempting to com- mit suicide, by throwing herself off the town pier on the 6th inst. The evidence showed that the woman, who was suffering from long-continued drinking, went down to the pier about noon on the date mentioned, and just as she reached the first landing steps she saw a man she know, and, calling out to him, " Good-bye, Tom," jumped into the water, which was only three feet deep. She was at once taken out, rather sobered by her wetting, and conveyed to the watchhouse, where moderate diet and enforced temperance quickly brought her to her right senses. The Bench considered she was so drunk when she throw herself into the water that she did not know what she was doing, and dismissed her with a caution. The Victorian Permanent Property Build- ing and Investment Society hold their fifth annual meeting at the Mechanics' Institute last night; Mr. Crews, M.L.A., presiding. The directors presented a very favourable report, in which they stated that the society, as tested by its annual income during the five years of its existence, had been more successful than any similar institution in Great Britain or the colonies had been. The report and balance-sheet were adopted, and the meeting was adjourned until to-day, for the purpose of conducting an election of members of committee. It was also stated that the actuary (Mr. Templeton) would, in about three weeks from the present time, have apportioned the profits accumulated during the past five years, so as to divide them amongst the shareholders and that, after he had done so, a special meeting of shareholders would be called to receive a report on the apportion- ment. An adjourned general meeting of the Collingwood Commercial Cricket Club was held last night at Cooley's Collingwood Hotel, Webb-street ; Mr. Charles Willison in the chair. It was stated that the Hon. George Harker had accepted the presidency of the club, to which he had been elected in his absence at a previous meeting. The only business before the meeting was the consideration of tenders for the erection of a pavilion on the ground, and out of seven that of Mr. John Trinnick, for £61 17s. 6d., was accepted, being the lowest. The Geelong Circuit Court, in its civil jurisdiction, closed yesterday, about 3 o'clock. Only two cases were heard, viz. Clinnick v. Bank of Victoria, and Grossman v. Oxborough, executor of Robert Zealley, deceased. In both cases the juries returned for the plaintiffs, for the respective amounts of £150 and £200. At the Geelong Police-court yesterday, a respectable-looking young man, named John Cooke, described as a commercial traveller, was charged with obtaining goods by false pretences from John King, of Warrnambool. The prisoner had been arrested the previous day in Geelong as answering the description of a man for whose apprehension a warrant had been lately issued in Melbourne. The Bench accordingly remanded him there. At the same court a man who had been brought in from Bellarine as a lunatic was discharged ; the Bench, in accordance with a recent decision, having no power to remand the man to gaol, and there being no other place to which he could be committed for medical examination. Church millinery has been made the subject of controversy lately, and now Judge Smyth proposes an innovation in the matter of legal costumes. The Bendigo Advertiser mentions that " his Honour Judge Smyth, who presided at the County Court on Wednesday, in place of Judge Macoboy, brought the subject of costume prominently before the members of the bar, by stating that the practice was general throughout the colony for attorneys not to use gowns, but he said they were entitled to do so, and he liked to see them asserting their proper position by wearing the gown ; besides, it was due out of respect to the Court. Mr. M'Cormick, who was more particularly addressed, undertook to bring the matter before the members of the profession. Amongst the lawyers there appears to be a strong feeling against the gowns, and it is doubtful if the suggestion of his honour will be adopted." The Bendigo Evening News mentions that the Right Rev. Dr. Perry, bishop of Melbourne, at a religious service held in All Saints' Church here on Wednesday night, formally admitted into the church eight Chinese converts who have lately renounced heathenism and embraced Christianity. The Rangitoto, after an unusually long absence, returned from New Zealand yesterday. It had been considered, owing to the delay in the steamer's arrival, that she would fail to deliver her mail for Suez in time to catch the Geelong ; but the fact is that it was seen at Dunedin to be impossible for her to arrive before the Geelong had left, and so no mail for Europe by this route was sent the colony wholly relying on the service by San Francisco. The news brought by the Rangitoto is of little importance. Three shocks of earthquake were felt at Wellington on the 3rd inst., and an earthquake occurred at Nelson on the same day. Sickness prevailed among the Urivvoras, and it was reported that Makarini intended to surrender himself, with 30 followers. The rebel chief Tito Kowaru, after leaving the native meeting at Parihaka, passed through Opunake with his followers. He robbed the flax mills of some small articles, and stole CO sheep belonging to the friendly natives. These he refused to return, and the friendlies accordingly went in pursuit of them, but were driven back by an armed force of the rebels. The friendlies were very angry, and hold a meeting, at which they said that they had cause for fighting. The Europeans, however, prevented their following the Hau-haus to fight them, and Tito Kowaru ultimately, through fear of being attacked, left the sheep, with the exception of 10 that had been eaten. It is stated that 100 diggers were to leave Auckland for Queensland. Splendid crushings are reported from several of the claims at Coromandel. The yield of the Shot- over claim, at the Thames, for the past month, was 1.0 oz. In connexion with the arrest of Harris, the absconding clerk of the Bulla Shire Council, it is mentioned that at the same time two men, named George Ellis and John Griffiths, were committed for trial on a charge of obtaining £00 from Harris, by representing themselves to be detectives, and taking the money as a bribe for allowing him to escape. Mr. Cassell, of the firm of Cassell and For come, brokers, Shortland, was found dead in his bed, having been shot through the mouth with a revolver. It is supposed that he committed suicide, and that business embarrassments impelled him to the commission of the act. The reunion of Otago and Southland took place on the 6th inst. With regard to the defective act, referring to the gold duty, the Government intend to get over the difficulty by a rather clumsy expedient, flint of issuing a proclamation, under the Gold-fields Act, prohibiting the exportation of gold from the 1st October to the 31st December, except with the special permission of the Customs authorities, which permission will not be given except on payment of the duty. It is stated that leprosy has appeared atTuapokaamongstsomo Chinese who had recently arrived from Victoria. A very serious charge is made by several of the New Zealand papers, especially the Otago Daily Times, against the General Government, of tampering in an unwarrantable manner with the telegrams which contained the news brought by the last Suez mail. The statement is that the telegrams sent from the Bluff to the various papers which have combined their telegraphic arrangements, were transmitted to Wellington, and were there divulged by a member of the Government to the In dependent, a Ministerial organ. This journal, although not one of the telegraphic association, was still enabled to publish telegrams which were the legitimate property of the papers thus combined. It seems odd that the New Zealand Government, which at one time supplied telegraphic summaries of news to the journals of the colony, should now so far vary the former system as to appropriate the despatches of the newspapers in so audacious a manner. It appears likely that in the event of the Government failing to give satisfactory explanation of the charges made, the associated journals will seek redress. the law courts. One paper, the Timaru Herald, suggests the meeting at some central place of representatives of all the papers interested, I for the purpose of of taking such steps as will effectually protect the press against conduct so inimical to its freedom. The action of the Government in the matter of the late English mail telegrams it declares to be dangerous, despotic, and dishonest. A New Zealand chief, We Take Ngatata, in the course of an examination before the Petitions Committee at Wellington, delivered himself as follows respecting the effect of the European law on his own people : "The law is defective. When a Maori commits an offence against another Maori, no notice is taken of it and therefore I say, although the Government tells us that we Maories are under the same laws as the Europeans, we, the Maories, receive no benefit from the law. The Europeans keep the body of the law, and give us the ghost of it. I compare the present state of the law to a man looking into a mirror. The European is in front of the mirror, and can see what is reflected in it the Maori is be hind is groping in the dark, Therefore, when a Maori commits an offence is blamed for it, and told that he is no good, and that he should be obedient to the laws of which he knows nothing. Another thing I want to know is this-why are these Maori members allowed seats in the House of Representatives ? I have never heard them say a word. I suppose they sit there as carved images." A general meeting of the South Yarra Football Club will be held at Mann's Hotel, Gardiner's Creek road, at 8 o'clock this evening. Members are particularly requested to attend. Professor Hughes acknowledges the following donations in aid of the Christian Brothers' Schools :- Miss Amelia Bailey, £1 1s, ; Miss Bertha Watson, £2 2s. ; Mr. Henry Hallam, £2 2s. The treasurer of the Prahran and South Yarra Ladies' Benevolent Society acknowledges receipt of a cheque for £11 4s. 6d, in aid of their funds, from the treasurer of the St. Kilda Vocal Society. The half-yearly meeting of the members of the Footscray Mechanics' Institute was held on Monday evening last, the president, Mr. H. Sims, in the chair. The filling four vacancies on the committee, and the auditing and passing the minutes, formed the principal business of the meeting. # The committee are very sanguine of obtaining a considerable increase of members in the next half-year, 