LATEST SPECIAL TELEGRAMS. (Through Greville and Co., Telegramists.) SYDNEY, Friday Evening. English News to the Wts op Jtob. BY the arrival of the mail steamer from California vid New Zealand, European intelligence to the 10th of Jane is at hand. In the English House of Commons, Gladstone has adopted the bill extending Vote by Ballot to the United Kingdom. Disraeli ii Bhout to retire front political life. 'J. he Government nave promised to introduce bill for the restriction and prevention of betting at race meetings. A terrible earthquake has occurred at Oaxaoo, a town in European Turkey, bv which upwards of one hundred lives have been lost. The Fenian raids on Canada have collapied. MELBOURNE, Friday. Supple the barrister, who was committed to take bis trial for the murder of Wahne the publican (at one time a detective), has been convicted of man- slaughter. London Wool Subs —The following is the only lot of wool from the Manaro district we observe noted in the May Was:— By Southey, Baltne, and: Co., May 9th. MJ over Maharatta, 20 at 18d, 31 at 17d; ditto over JM,22 at 21d. ltaTDBBB.— The teriaer of Messrs. P. N. Russell and Co., of Sydney, for iron cylinders for the Bredbo Bridge, has been accepted. Elsewhere tenders are called for 'the erection of a kitchen at the Bombala watch-house. Stock Momnorrs.— We hear that Mr. Thos. Sobs crossed the Snowy River last week in charge of a mobofcattleforthe Otppsland market, Front our exchanges we notice that 840 store bullocks {Douglass's), from the Richmond, passed Dabbo last week en route for Gippsland. Sons ov TsuiSBurOB.— The first regular nest ing of the'Hope of Manaro' division of the Sons -of Temperance was held at the Court House, -Cooma, on 'Tuesday evening last. One number resigned, owing to circumstances over which he 3iad no control. Eight new members were initiated, and several proposed tor initiation at the next meeting. StouB.— There is at present a great scarcity in Cooma of the principal article of coneamption ?the -stores, we believe, are very lightly stocked with flout, and customers are told there is none to be had. '.The Cooma mill has stopped grinding for the -present, some repairs being effected. A mi 'dent df 'Seymour informs us there is not a pound of flour to be bed from the stores in Adaminaby. Truly, vnless the Cooma miller looks sharp, or our Qnearrbeyisn neighbours furnish us with a supply, we shall hsv« to do without bread, and trouble Mr. Loveiand, of the Cooma Nursery, for more veget able food. Buckley's Cbossisg-fhoe.— Our readers will doubtless notice, perhaps with astonishment, an advertisement intimating that several of the resi dents of the locality are prepared to give contribu tions to a considerable amount, for the purpose of piscine a suspension bridge across the Snowy River at Buckley's Crossing. If they oan induce the Government to place euch a construction across the Srowy River at the point indicated, the resi dents certainly deserve every encouragement and praise for their endeavors. We have serious doubts, however, that the Government will in any way countenance such a proposition. If we take the cost of a good substantial punt and good approaches thereto, and place it opposite to the amount that mupt be expended in the construction of a suspen sion oridge, the difference will be something enor mous. There is one eature in the proposition which may counteract f.hie difference, viz., the con tribution of private individuals. But, in 1his era of public retrenchment, is ii probable the Govern ment will give a larger eum, thinking the smaller emount will meet the ends required? It is all very well for the residents of Buekley's Crossing to My, in support of their argument for s suspension bridge, that the £400 voted by the Assembly was for Buckley's Crossing. Certainly it whb for the purchase of a pant then in existence at Buckley's \- Crossing-place.- If this amount is now expended solely at Buckley's Crossing, will not the people of Jindabyne have just reason to complain of par tiality? Both crossing plaoes are important to the district. Why, then, should Jinyabyhe wait till the went at Buckley's Grossing has been sup plied; and, not only wait, but alBotakea great risk as to whether they pet any money at all for a punt there ? Let the justice of the matter be con sidered. Let not prhate animosity and petty pquabbles be brought to tear against anything conducive to the benefit of all in the district. On TvUt grounds do the people of Buckley's Crossing cUim for themselves alone this £400? We, in Coomi, night as justly claim it for the construction of a bridge across Cooma Croek, now that the punt at Buckley's is destroyed. Lot it be understood w« have no desire whatever to mar the endeavours of those who advocate or prefer a suspension bridge across the Snowy Ewer at Buckley's Crossing. Far from it We will aid them as far as we possibly can. But, we a k, is it fair to devote public money, eet apart for a porpoise which cannot now be foeoroplished, to the benefit of one part of the district, and, atrtbe-xame tmuvmarkedly to the injury of another f No one who has any know ledge of the district, and especially of the cattle trade, will deny that these crossing places are cwntial, and that secure means to cross ths river at flood time, or when there is a ripe in the river, abeuld always be at band both at Buekle/saw Jindabyne? Nor will tfceyy-we toinkj-VJenyjtbat to . spend £400, or as much more .as pan be lied from the Government, added to the' private con- tributions, on the construction of a suspension bridge at Buckley's Grossing only, would he unjust and in fcet ruinous to the people of Jindanyne? We are -actuated by no particular' leaning or sym pathy to the residents o'f Jindabyne. We desire to see every town or part of the district progress, and receive it* due share in the expenditure of public monpv. It U well known the cros«ine at Jindabyne o'ten ssves a journey of many miles, an important consideration to cattle buyers and drovers. The cattle trade from several parts of the Mannro dis trict to Gippsland and Melbourne on the one hnnd, bod from the higher parts of the district, to Two fold Buy, for shipment to Hobart Town, nn the other, is steadily increasing, particularly in the first named direction. It is well known that the country beyond the Snow? River, and on this side, is becoming more settled unon. It is probable that it will, before many years, become the scene of t rxtensive mining onerations. But tn-oseaoons ago the Manaro and Biverina stookowners had to seek the Boogoug country and table lands of Victoria to keep their flocks alive. Therefore, it is desirable to meet the requirements of all in these matter!, rather than suit the 'wishes of one particular section of the cotmnnnifiy. Let the pe/tple of Buokley'e Crossing .' drop this ? spirit of petty jealousy which now actuates them against their neighbors of Jin dabyne. Let them work hand in hand, and enjoy equal facilities and advantages in this important meft«r of crossing-places on the Snowy River, If suspension bridges are preferred to punts, and who will gainsay *he former is not preferable, let them petition the Government to construct one at eaoh place. We suggest they ask the Government to try the experiment, as described in our issue of the 4th June last, of wire bridges at Buckley's Crossing and Jindabyne. Bridges of this description, of from twenty feet to one hundred feet span, from three feet to five feet wide, and capable of bearing from three to . five tons vertical weight, can be delivered free in London at an average of only £12 eaoh. These bridges have .already been success fully tried in Scotland, Ceylon, and India. We think they would be of great service, not only on the Snowy Biver, but in many other parts of New South Wales. ' The Government would also be carrying put the order of the day, retrenchment, to an alarming extent. Above all things, let the people of Jindabyne and Buckley's Crossing work harmoniously in this matter. Let them conjointly represent their grievance, and the grievance of the district, to the Hon. D. Egan and the Government, and we feel convinced they will have little difficulty in getting. secure and reliable means of crossing the river at each place. There is another point in connection with these crossing plaoes whioh deserves a little consideration. As previously remarked, the cattle trade . from this colony to Gippslsnd and Melbourne, overland, is increasing. Is it nor, therefore, possible for the Gippsland Shire Councils and the Victorian Government to assist in ssttling this matter of crossing places on the Snowy Biver P They may, at ones, say : the locality is within the territoryof New South Wales; therefore, we cannot, if we so desire, interfere. But they must bear in mind they receive an immense amount of cattle traffic from New South Wales, bringing peouninry benefits in addition to other advantages. New South Wales derives very little benefit from this traffic. Is it not feasible, then, flint, some assistance should bo afforded by Gippslsnd Shire Councils and the Victorian Government f We think so. At all events, if the matter were considered by the people of Omeo, Bruthen, Wurruk Wuiruk, Bairnsdsle, Stratford, and other places en route to Sale, the probability is that some steps would be taksn in the matter both by the Victorian and New South Wales Governments. During the recent Intercolonial Conference, in Melbourne, a deputa tion from Deuiliquin waited upon Messrs. Cowper and Samurls, when it was stated that both Govern ments were afcout to cooperate in placing a bridge across the Murray Hirer, to accommodate the people of Echuca and Riverina. Why should not the people of Manaro and Gippsland represent this matter of crossing the Snowy River to their respective Governments, and urge them to take speedy action in supplying a want felt and needed by both districts for ninny years past ? Feee Selectors' AGRictrLTimAii Association. — We hear that it is the intention of some of the leading free selectors of tfais dis'rict to establish a club or association, having for its object the purchase) of first- class breeding etock. We are glad to fee that an attempt is to be made in this direction; but would it not be as well to make it an open associa tion, and thus secure the cooperation of the squatter? We hate often advocated the formation of a Farmers'- Club, and w-- hail with pleasure any movement having that object in view. There can be no doubt but that the free sdrotor*, and in fnct all engaged in pitstoral pursuits, large and email, in the district, would do well to support euch a movement. There ib now in vogue a system of borrowing ram*. TmYwoulri.be done away with if the breeders bad-good stock ot their own command, which would be the case were an association of the nature spoken of e-tablished. The quality ot their stock would be improved, and thus one grand step made in the progress and reputation of Hanaro as a wool produoing district. Their cattle and sheep would command a higher price in the market, and thus they would be pecuniarily recompensed for outlay and trouble. Their wool would take a. higher standard, be sought for perhaps by Sydney and London buyers, materially increasing thn value of their property. In -every sense would they be benefited by the permanent establishment of such an association. The advantage to the district would be of no small importance, and on the whole oalonlated to raiss Manaro to a higher position than she now ocoppies. We trust the scheme, whioh is but yet in its iafenoy, will meet with every encouragement, and bo brought to a successful issue. If so, we may hope to record the circumstance of Manaro grown wool realising 3s. 6d. or 4s. per lb. in the London market. H«w Publication.— We are in receipt of the first number of the Jbitehett Jtiver Serald, pub lished in Sairnsdale, Gipprbrod, Victoria, on the 7th instant, .Our new contemporary is a sheet of four pages crown size, well got up and printed. Judging from its advertising columns, it does not lack support in that respect We wish the new journal nerj suooms. Mnrara. — At length some of -our Victorian neighbour! are about to prospect portions of this distriot. We had a visit from a VioforiBn prospector this week, who informed, us th.it he wag about to proceed to the Snowy Eiverj beyond Jindabyne, with the intention of testing the country in that direction. We hope his labourn will be successfully rewarded, and that his action, mil; be the means of inducing many 'other prospectors fi-om Victoria, to test the nuiiferous and mineral resources of the Manaro district. By advertisement it will be seen Hint timber is reguired at the Monmouth Copper Minns. From this it. may be inferred the Company .ar« satisfied with the report of '1 be mines recently forwarded to Melbourne, and determine to more fully work the place. There oan now be nodonbt as to the.richness of the Monrooufch Copper Mines, the probability of good dividends being derived therefrom, nnd the immense benefit the mines will bestow on the 'Manaro and Queunbeyan districts'. The Mails. — Iiweularity still prevails- in the arrival of our down country mails. Friday's mail reached us at a late hour in the evening. Sunday's post arrived in Oooma on Monday morning, the coach having got bogged in Bunyan Creek. Wed nesday's mail was delivered in Coomu on Thursday. The Delegate Mailman.— A tew residents on the line of road from Bairnsdale to Manaro, cordially appreciating the uniform . civility and attention evinced by Mr. Alexander Scott ('who : runs the Dele^flte and Snowy Biver mails for Mr. Henry St. John Lnw, the mail contractor) in the discharge of his difficult and oft-times harttrdoufl duties, have presented him tviih s handsome jerer watch in recognition of his services. The following letter accompanied the gift : — CQopy :J ' Mr. Alexander Scott. Sir, — We, the undersigned, having known your untiring. energy and. determination, amidst considerable, risk to yourself,, in cotiveying the Victorian mails safoly; across the Delegate and Snowy River?, not only during this dangerous and flooded season, but ever since you have teen running .the mail, consider we ought to show you that we fully appreciate your conduct. We- beg , your acceptance of the accompanying watch, which we trust you will long possess.' Hove follow some half-dozen names of well known residents. The Roads. — We have heard so tmray com plaint* of the fearful state, of the road from Cooma to Queanbeyan and from Cooraa to Mei'imbula, that we are induced to ask the Hon. J). Epin ' how muoh money has been apportioned for iheso roads; how that money, it' any, has been exponded, or has it been expended ; and if so, under whose puper iniendence. We thus direct his attention io the matter from the circumstance that business iu this district is almost at a standstill from' barj roarls, that mails cannot travel with proper speed and regularity, and that carriers are precluded from aiming a fair livelihood. The contractor of the mail from Queanbeyan to Cooma informs us that some liber ations are being effected on the road in that direction, but he also states the road is being spoiled, not repaired. We have heard of no repair.! being mttde on the road from Cooma to Merimbula., and wo oan speak with certainty of the dangerous state of the road from Cooma to Bombala at least. ' It is hijth time the public roads of this district received more attention at the hands of the Government than they now do. - The revenue derived from tliif district is considerable, eud without doubt its requirements ere more neglected than any other dist;riot in the wholo colony. We trust the member for ihis district will endeavour to urge the GoreKnment to afford us good roads, nt least. The WeathEB. — Since our last the wenther has been changeable, with very heavy frosis. At Nimitybelle and above Cooma there has been a pretty heavy fall of rain during the wecOc. At Eiandrs, last week, the snow was so deep that the drift would sometimes cover the haunches of the mail carrier's horse. In order to allow the teams, spoken of in our correspondent's letter last -week, to reach Kiandre, it was found nficossjiry to but a road through the snow. On Thursday morning rain set in, continuing steadily all day yesterday, and it was still raining whon we went to press. There .was a heavy tall of snow a few miles from Coonlfl, at the Black Range, yesterday morning. Agricul tural operations arc now claiming the attention of our farmers, and it is to be hoped the crop will bo a Urge one. Grass is plentiful, but cold weather is seriously affecting The prospec's of our graziers. Foot B ace. — On Wednesday last two aspiring pedestrians, residing on the Dangelong and Cool rinudon etationi-, met at the latter place to have a spin of one hundred yards, £2 a side. The Cool ringdon representative won by about, three yards. District Codets akb Qpabteb Sesbionb.— The following circular lia? been addressed to the vArious benches of magistrates in the colony: - 'Crown Law Ofllnes, Sydney, 28(h June, 1870.— Gentlemen, — lam directed by the Honorable the Attorney-General to state that the Government, being desirous of effect in z economy in the Adminis tration of Justice, line had it under consideration whether the convenience of the public' in reference to Courts of Quiirter Sessions and District Courts, would not be sufficiently met by limiting them lo two in the year, in all but the. larger centres of population, with the understanding, however, that the Courts of Quarter SessionB. should bo held at times as nearly as possible equi-distant from the Supreme Court. Circuit Sittings. But the Attorney General is not disposed to recommend this reduction in opposition to the reasonable requirements of the persons inhabiting the dutriots which would be affected by it, and is, theraforo, desirous of ascer taining the views which the different benches of magistrates way be able to collect, or may themselves entertain upon the subject. The Attorney-General, therefore, invites you to favor him with your opinion whether {having regard to the importance of economy and to the small amount of , business at mmny' of these Courts t two Courts of Quarter; Sessions and two District Court sittings a year, intermediately between the Supreme Court Circuits,! Would not suffice for your own immediate districts, and whether two such District Courts would be sufficient ior the neighbouring -places at i whioh District Court* elone are held; and I am directed by him farther to request the favour of your; collecting and conveying to him such information upon the subject from other persons sb may further assist the Government in arriving at its decision. — I have the honour to be gentlemen, your moat obedient servant, W. B. Pmtvestt, Under secretary.' Village of Bibbenlttee. — Copies of the approved design for the vilage have been deposited for public inspection at the office of the Surveyor General, in Sydney, and at the Land Office at Bombala. ! Foot-sot in Sheep, — The long- continued wet weather, or other causes, .have made foot-rot more than ordinarily, prevalent amongst sheep in the neighbourhood of Yabs. The following is certified by a gentleman who has tried it successfully as a certain curefor this disease: — Coal-tar, two gallons; bluestone, quarter ounce ; arsenio,one ounce. The whole to be boiled four hours, and then applied. The above quantity is sufficient to dress one thousand sheep. As Tkcideitt ot the Floods. — At a meeting of the Wagga Wagga Flood Belief Committee {the Advertiser writes) a personal aopeal for assistance was made by the wife of a selector, having four children, the eldest only eight years of age. The case was a distressing one. Applicant resided on a selection at. the junction of a large croek wifh the rirer. The river and creek were simultaneously flooded, and the waters came upon them in the night. ThehuBband was away, and the poor woman had none to help her. So rnpidly did the flood advance, that in five minutes after it entered the house the water was up to her children's armpits ; but she struggled in desperation with the torrent, and managed to get to a range with hnr little ones, clothed only bb they had leapt from their beds. The house was constructed of slabs nine feet high, bur. in a few hours the waters were two feet above the eaves. Everything the family possessed in the world was Rwept Bway — all their little furniture, beds, bedding, clothing, provisions, forty fowls, eight pigs, and 6ve goats; t.«i they have been in great want- and misery ever since, having only one pair of blanketB to cover them, and these lent by a charitable person. The sum of £6 was ordered to be expended on necessaries. A most singular circumstance was related by the applicant in this case. When the bodies of two of the goats were discovered (after the water had run down) there was found on the back of each a domestic oat, its claws traaciouely clinging in a death grasp to the hairy covering of the poor animals upon wIiobs backs the cuts had evidently sought shelter in their extremity. As trees were plentiful, and oats are admirable swimmers, it is astonishing they did not abandon their precarious position for the perfect safety of a gum-tree. The Illawaeea Teagedt.— The full report of the recent coroner's inqupst, which resulted in John Gray being committed to take his trial at Sydney on the 1st August, for the wilful murder of his wife, has beun published by the local paper. It appears that the prisoner »ad his wife have been in the colony about twelve years, and have had seven children during that time, the oldest twelve yenrs old and the youngest six wenks. The eldest girl, Mary, twelve years old, and Robert, aged eleven, gave evidence in the c*sb. Some time Bgo tbe prisoner seems to have been in unsound mental condition, his hallucination causing him to become jealous of hig wife, and he committed a violent as°anlt upon her, for whiah he was prr-secuted, and he was committed to prison for six weeks. Ha threatened that when became ontof gaol he would fiuish her, but. this vros looked upon merely as a threat. At the inquest there seemed to bo no doubt of Gray's sanity. The prisoner, after por petratins the fntal vro«ndg -willi an American axe, proceeded to Mr. McKenney's, told him he liad titled his vrifp, nnd went on to Mr. Mole, J.P., and gave himself up. The Naeandeba Mubdeeb.— By telegraphic intelligence from Wangaratta we (Wagga Wagga Express) learn that the man Robert. Campbell, who has so long been ' wanted ' by the police as one of the snsnected murderers of the brothers Pohlman, near Nnrandera, hns at last fallen into the hands of the Victorian police. Campbell has on two occasions within the last few months been recoenieod in Victoria ; and, as the police of that colony have sinoe been steadilr upon his track, his capture has not. altogether hefln unexpected. He was brought before the Witngaratta bench on Monday lust, and remanded from thence to Wnsga Wagga to answer a charge of murder, and his arrival in tins town may now ho Hiiily looked for. Fat Pig. — The Goulburn Evening Post of Tuesday reports the arrival of one of the flnee.t specimens of the porcine species ever shown in the city, the property of Mr. John Broadbead, of Bungonia. It is not only wonderful as a specimen of living pork, but the names given to it are worthy of record — 'roranjvDodd,'3ate'D8riiel Lambert,' alias ' Fat Lucas.' It was imported by Major Robortp, is of the Berkshire breed, two yearB and four months old, nni weighs sis nnd a half owt. A* n proof of its condition, sinc3 Mr. King,of the Furriers' Arms, fed it for the Argyle Agricultural Show, the fat. hns overgrown iis eyes so as to entirely exclude the sight,. It took the tninml sis hours to trnvfil from Bradley's mills to Mr. Kind's premises, a distancaof 400 yards, and thirty buckets of water were thrown over it during the passage. The weather being hot, it- was allowed to travel by night. Messrs. F.S.Cohon nnd Co. offnred Tommy for sale ; the attendance was not as numerous as W8B expected. Pric-s wure offered, but. not being satisfactory, ' Dodd ' was withdrawn for the pur pose of putting in an appearance at the Agricultural Show, Sydney. SroifEr Mems. — Mr. Irwin, the wool broker and auctioneer, i is insolvent. — Mr. Cordner, late organist at St. Mary's pro-cathedral, ib dead.— A new weekly paper, to be called The Mechanic, is about to be established.— The mail steamer Gealong has shipped 10.S03 oz. of gold and 77,669 sove- reigns-^-The report of the Intercolonial Conference has been published. The prinoipal resolution adopted by the Conference recommends the reduo tion of intercolonial sea-going postage, and also the reduction of the', charges for intercolonial tele graphic messages,— Some strange disclosures hay» been made at an inquest on Iho body of an infant; — The Gold Fields Commission have started for the Northern Gold Fields.— Floods have again oc curred in several parts of the oolony.— The Mao quarie Bonded. Stores were broken into last week, but the robbers escaped. Beisbamij. - The Queensland Parliament has been prorogued, prior to disssolut ion.— Heavy floods have occurred. The Bremer Biver over flowed the banks ot IpBwich, causing damage. At Gympie the town was flooded and the people had to clear out. Melbouenb.— The Victorian Parliament' ~hai been prorogued till September. It is reported that Tvhen the Catholic Bishop returns from Rome, Melbourne will be the neat of un archbishopric, and that Gippsland, Ballarat, and Sandhurst will be created bishoprics.— The nomination of Grey Mo mus for the Cup has been declared invalid, on the ground of the former name of the horse' (Dagon) Tseing withheld.— The meat preserved under the Gatrigee process waB opened at the railway poods shed last week j it was eb tainted as to be wifit for human food, -and was sold at 3d. per 1b. forfcouing down.— At the Criminal Sessions, Smith, for wife murder at Hotham, was found guilty and reraan8ea for sentence; Moore and Bonrke, found guilty of garotting, were also remanded for sentence; the; trial of Supple, for the murder of late Mr. Walshe, ; was commenced on Monday h»st. — Several- vessels went ashore in the Channel, and one at Queensofiff; all, except one in the Channel, have been safely towed off.— The body of the third mate of the ship ICirkwood has been picked up, and it is now be lieved the four others in the boat nave met with a watery grave. — Draper's conviction has been oon ?firmed by the Supreme Court1; there are four charges against him, each punishable by three years* imprisonment. — Another brutal =cssn of wife murder has occarred at. Gooley's Creek, Victoria ; the murderer, whose name is 'Cusack, has been -committed for trial. . \ Adelaide. — The ship Murray, from London, , has lost a cadet named Sardman, who 'fell overboard. She also reports the burning of an Italian ship, bound to the River Plate, toy which 120 lives were lost ; thirty persons were saved. A Model Squatter. — Many will be surprised and grieved to bear of the death of Mr. Loder, of, ?Quirindi, Liverpool Plains, a gentleman well known throughout the colony, and highly respected. It appears (says the Tamwofth Examiner of the '25th I ultimo) that, he had been ailing lor some weeks, i but being apparently a strong active man, and in the prime of life, it was believed he might ulti- , ?matfily recover. An unfavourable turn, liowever, set in on Sunday last, and it. was then made appa rent he could -not last long, which proved to be the: ?caer, m deoth ensned on Monday. The funeral took place last Thursday, and the remains -were attended 'to their last resting plaoe by a large concourse of relations and friends, who had hastened to pay the last tribute of respect to one who in every relation ' of life had endeared himself to them. The deceased was a very old resident of this district, having lived at Quirindi for fully a quarter of a century ; and had, from the moment he enme into possession of 'liis station property, so acted as to secure the good will of his neighbours of every class to n degree -seldom accorded to those in his position. PosBPSsed ' of ample moans,, he dispensed 'his hospitality to. persons in all grades of life, in a really princely -mnnner, nnd va venture to assert that no man ever left his door without having his present necessities -amply provided for. The deceased was, in this' respect, a splendid specimen of the old school of, 'squatters, now unhappily rapidly disappearing.. 'When the present land laws came into Operation, 'he hailed the presence'of the free selectors on Ins' runs as an omen of (hn colony's progress, and he ttos often heard to declare thatth'ougb the facility 'with which he secured labor at the busy times of the year, the -selectors were worth to him £200 per annum. With these people he worked most har moniously, and the-resnlt was: there was not a settler on the run wlvo would not have gone through ' flro and water ' (to use his own language) for him. In every work of charity he was the most liberal contributor, and the residents of Wallabadah will for a long time mips the generous open-handed liberality of the deceased. Such are a few of the characteristics of the late Mr. James Mein Loder, ?whose death will be a source of sincere regret to all -who «ver had the pleasure of his acquaintance. Another New Bhajdwood Jot/unai.— The :Shoalhaven Newt of Saturday Jast, after referring to the two new journals of Moruya and Bega, pro ceeds : — ' Arid last, but not least, a daily penny ?newspaper, to be chIIpq the Braidtvood Crusher mid ?Southern Gold fields Amalgamator, is in contem plation of being started at Braidwood early in ^October. Faxbe Declaration. — A case of some impor tance to free selectors occurred at the Goulbum 'Quarter Sessions on Friday week. A man, named Peter Gray, was charged with having made a false -declaration and found guilty. He was sentenced to pay a tine of £5, and be imprisoned for three months. Tins serves to show that all conditional purchasers are liable to prosecution for perjury if their declarations are false, It is seldom, however, *his point comes under judicial notice. A Libbb Reward. — The Ballarat Ftar of Monday contains an advertising announcement of a Toward of £10,000 for the discovery of the ngent who inserted certain advertisements in the news papers soma years baok respecting on'e^ George Huston Muh', of KirkwalL Orkney. We are informed that the person offering this large reward claims to be the veritable George Huston Muir referred to in those old advertisements, and that he further claims to be heir to Inrge estates both in Italy and in Bootland, and also to very large accu mulations of money, and what is more wonderful still, to a dukedom in Italy and a baronetcy in Great Britain. This claim is made through his mother, whose maiden name was Huston. The matter seems to be enveloped in tome little obscurity, in -consequence, as Mnir asserts, of his long residence (about, twenty-five years) in the colonies, having left Eirkwall when he was sixteen years of age, and from his whereabouts being unknown to his friends at home. It seems, however, that Muir -was long resident and well known in the Smythei dale district, carrying on business as a -storekeeper there, and was much respected as a shrewd and honourable man. In 1863-4 he went to Queens land, and whilst there heard from different quarters that he had been advertised for in the Melbourne papers; . . ..' .? ? ? . Snake SiOEf.— A contributor' to a Sydney daily supplies the following interesting account of an adventure with a snake:— Had we sot been hampered by the hones we should hare got along very Much better, for we could clamber over steep rocks,' — a stumble in the attempt to pass which on the part of our horses would have sent them to destruction, or seriously injured them, — we accord ingly returned to the small plateau on the summit, and, leaving the hones in charge of my friend, I descended in search of a practicable route do wn+ho precipitous, slope. I at length rer.phed a moss grown shelf, apparently a great resort for wallabies. Stepping down from this my left foot alighted upon some soft yielding substance, and before I could withdraw it my right leg was tightly entwined by the coils of a make. One -quick gianoe showed me what had occurred. I had placed my foot upon the neck of a huge carpet snake as it lay coiled up basking in the sun. In its vehement efforts to liberate its head, or rather its neck— for its head was free — I could feel it- slowly, but surely, gliding under my boot, as we swayed about. I noticed that if he could only get his neck an inch or two farther out he would then 'be able to bite me on the leg, and I looked about for some means of defence. Fortunately, I was just able t.o reach the end of a piece of dead timber. Seizing this I struck him as hsrri! a blow as I could in my cramped position. Hi'b brilliant piercing eyes had been fired on mine with an exnresion of intense animosity; but he now dropped his gaze, and at the same instant the coil tightened, then relaxed a little, nnd I knew that the Mow had been effectual. A few more quite put flip creature. beyond the power of doing me an v mischief; and yet. the coils were too tight to -unwind without some effort. Having at length Boeceeded, I sat down to recover my breath, for it had been rather an exciting time for me, although I cannot say that I had experienced the tindof fascination that is said to be produced by the gaze of these dangerous reptiles. Although from first to hst the encounter occupied but a few moments, yet, in that short space of time, thoughts hurried through my brain with tenfold rapidity; and I found myself speculating upon the con sequences of the poisonous bile, which every instant I expected to feel, and the improbability, hemmed in as we were, of being able to reach any place in time, where the nroper remedies could be obtained and applied. Having slung the monBter across* my shoulder, I ascended once more. My friend, hearing my footsteps, called out, 'Were you making a fire P I thought I heard you breaking sticks.' 'No,' I replied, 'I've had a battle with a snake,' and, to his astonishment, I appeare'l bearing a magnificent carpet snake nearly eight feat long. Handing him one end, I cut off the head and pro ceeded to skin it. The flesh of the snake (which the aboriginies eat with great relish) looked like that of a chicken, or rather whiter. The creature was in fine condition and very fat. Not knowing how our day might end, I proposed to carry it with us, as it had not bitten itself, but my friend evincing a strong rcpungance to the idea, I strapped the handsome skin, which I had carefully preserved, to my saddle-bow, and left the reriinine. ' The Betobt Cochteous.'— The Shoalkaven JTctos of Saturday last in a paragraph headed ' Ourselves and the C. ¥. S..' has thn following :— That ' self- proclaimed liar/ — that mean and diRpicnble vagabond— who aesumee the nomae- gwrre of 'Enquirer,' has given us another half column in Thursday's Independent. He has not, however, condescended to unmask himself, but like all *? villianB of the Wackert dye ' etill persevcresin defending his ? ' -friend ' under the cloak of deception. We, however, know the scoundrel, 'and we are satisfied he is well known to many in flas district as an unmitagated scoundrel. 'Enquirer' will, tre uderstand.'sbortly seek ' fresh fields and pastures new,™ a consummation that will not only bo hailed with universal satisfaction by the residents of Siioaihaven, but, will, perhaps, tend to save this depraved mass of ' cov wuptSon ' from sending his soul further into perdition. 'Enquirer 'says, 'I question whether any wospeotable individual in this district would condescend to speak to us on any matter at 'all.'' Auph! haw! vulgar cweechewsl putting a fellarin mind of a howwid dwuggist fi hop with his dweadful case of cuwious instwments ! and feeling as if one bad hold of five hundred howwid galvanic battewwies. Speak to us, why the idea's wediculous 1 A Specimen Labourer.— TVe are often reminded of the gross ignorance observeablc amongst the bush youth of this and adjoining colonies; But we do not think a single' in stance of ignorance so deplorable as thnt contained in the appnnded paragraph, which we take from the European Mull, can bo shown. Our contemporary says thero are 'many like' it in 'enlightened England': — On May 2, at the Usbridse Sessions, a case was heard in which two carters, named John Saunders, and Thomas Hammond, of Londwater, Bucks, were charpod with assaulting a toll keeper. Mr. Baker Smith, for the defence, wished to call one defendant to give evidence in behalf of the other The Bench acquiesced, and Hammond was put in the witness box, when the following strange colloquy took place :— Tho Clerk— From what I know of this class of men I think I must hesitate before swearing him. (To witness)— Do you know the nature of an oath ! Witness (rubbing bis head) — I dun'no what you moan. The Clerk— Can you read— hive you read tho Bible! WittiesB— No. The Clerk— Can you write! Witness No. The Clerk— Well, you know your name; how do you spell that! Witness— I dun'no. The Clerk— Have ysu ever beon to church 1 Witness— Yes, once or twice, when t was a young'un. Tho Chairman- We cannot take that man's evidence, Mr. Smith. Mr. Smith But, sir, hn cannot be so bad as that. I will put the ques tions in a different form. (To witness) — Now. ray man, tell me, do you believe in future rcwardsland punishments ! Witness seemed more perplexed than ever, and did not an swer. Mr. Smith— Come, havo you over heard of a God or adenlT Witness— l aun-nn. air. smuu— .uo you know how old you are ! Witness— I be more nor twenty. Mr. Smith— I think I must pjvo him up, your worships. The 'witncRs'waR then ordered to stand down. This intellec tual specimen of humanity (and there are manr liko him in Bucks) is in the employ of a Mr. Roberts, hay dealer, &c..; of Londwater. AiavrintHE Dead-hodse.— The San Francisoo Alta California gives an account of the experience of a German who was supposed to have died in that city, and whose body was immediately removed and pUced in the dead-house, attached to tho hospital in which he had been under trvnt ment :— ' The boSy was deposited in a case where two othnr bodies had already been placed, nnd between them. The cover was put on and the keeper of the dead-house retired for the night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of the most unearthly character was heard in the dead house. The keeper of tho dead-house was sought after, but being awitre of what howas required to do, ho sought concealment, preferring to let the ghosts fight itjout among themselves rather than attctnp to become peacemaker. When at last he was prevailed upon to proceed to the dead house and open the door, the ghostly form of tho German whose life bad been a few hours previously extinct, and who had been dressed in the robes of the dead, stood before him. The keeper fainted outright, while the terrified German rushed headlong through tho long balls and cor ridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as he went. Some more courageous than the rest caught nnd arrested him .in frantic career, but the next instant the poorGermanfellcn the floor inaflt. The physician was sent for, and restoratives used, by which he was roftored to consciousness. How he felt when' he returned to con sciousness we give as he told it£ himself t— ? Veil ven I got sick and vas in bed that day the doctor Cftme to see me and I vas verv sick. He vent away, ana after he vent I fell asleep. I knew nothing more till I voke in do sight, end there was no light. I put out my hand, and I could get no bedclothes, for I vaf cold. I den put my hand to von side to try for de bed clothes, and, och, vat you think I got— vy a ded man ! Dere he vos, cold enough sure. I roared mid all the power I had, and vas going avay by (he other side, van, sure, I put my hand on another, Then I roared, and called, and cried out nil I could, and ven I was gettine' xiv my head struck a board that was cevorinc mo. ' Oh, ? said I ' vot does this mean, vore un I ! Am I ded !' nnd I roared and bawled; and threw off the cover and jumped about as if Ivasmad. : And I knocked at the door, vid jmv oanHs'uid feet but nobody would open it for me, arid r thought I vas ded myself, I vas not Enure. I had the ded man's dress on me. At last the door opened, ven I looked at the man vat opened it he fell down mid fear, and I ran till I vas caught. Then I fainted, and ven I name to my self I thought it vas a dream. But it is a* tru* as I am 