On Boxing Day the usual variety of aports took place, -he recurrence of which from year to year it looked forward to with that : anxious expectancy, which relieves colonial life from its monotonous dullness. In the sports of the old countries there is j ' more gaiety, mow airiness, and more yokhfulness, but certainly not more devo tion or industry than the pleasure seekers display in the colonies, in the pursuit of thte ? phantom pleasure. The buoyancy of spirits, the capacity of being easily amused, the heartiness of' enjoyment which characterise the sports of the old countries, we believe are entirely wanting here. This must be owing to the lassitude produced by the inteise heat which usually prevails about Christmas time, and Box ing Day was no exjeption to the rule — it was exceptional in nothing except the exceptional intensenes of the heat. Yet though the Sydney people never seem to attain or at all evens to enjoy pleasure their pursuit of it was worthly of a better consummation. In cabs and in 'busses the crowds got taken to Botany, to the Albert Cricket Groud, and other places where pleasure-seekers most do congregate on such occasions. It was noticed like wise, that the excursion trains were so crowded as to be hardly capable of accomo- dating the numerous -visitors to and ironi Sydney to the country. The Woolloo mooloo Bay Regatta was most nume rously patronised by the public, and had it not been for the burning sun there would have been more rational enjoyment. The arrangements of the committee, though in some respects rather incomplete, gave, on the whole, pretty general satisfaction. The barque Charlotte Andrews, protected by awnings from the rays of the sun, was given up for the occasion to the Committee to be used as a flag-ship ; and the commit tee had procured the attendance of the No 2 Company Volunteer Band. About 4 o'clock a southerly barster set in which changed the spirit of the scene,and the boats that were flaunting the whiteness of their sails during the day, weve to be seen under bare poles. The racing was very good on the whole, but a good deal of dissatisfaction was caused by the numerous fouls which occurred during the sculling races. There were twelve races altogether, of which the following will show the order in which the boats came in :— First Race.— Youths under 18 years, pullm' a pair of sculls in light skiffs. Cours: From flagship round Tort Dem son, and back to flagship. Prize, £5 Entrance, 7s. 6d. K.ate--H. Ireland . — 1 Tim Whifflar— J. Conror ...2 Katrine B Stenhouse ...3 Barb— F. Punch Second Race.— Gentlemen amateurs, handicapped, pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs. Course : Same as No. 1. Prize, £8. Entrance, £1 1s. Haydee— J. E.Myers, feather ... 1 Star-D. Garvan, 25lbs Hebe— H. Freeman, 251ba .... 3 Third Race.— Pulling dingies under canvas not exceeding 15 feet overall centreboards excluded. Course From flagship round Clark Island, back round flagship, round Fort Denison and back to flagship— this course twice over. Prize, £6. Entrance, 10s. Tim Whifller— G-. Holmes ..1 Flying Scud— J. M'Cleer ...2 Tommy Dodd—W. Stephens ..3 Fourth Race.— All-comers m wager boats. Course : From flagship round Fort Denison, and back to flagship, twice over Prize, £10. Entrance, £1 1s Champion— Hiekey ...1 Australian— E. Tricketfc ..2 Fifth Race.— Second-class Yachts/han dicapped, not exceeding 18 tons. Corse From their moorings in Woolloomooloo Bay, round Fort Denison, back round flag- ship, round buoy off Manly Pier, back round flagship, lound Lightship and Sow and Pigs, and back to flagship. Prize, £20. Entrance, £2 2s. Pert— I. Josephson, 6 minutes ...1 Ella— William Farmer, 6 minutes ... 2 Mischief— F. J. Jackson ...3 Peri— John Cooper, scratch ...4 Sixth Race.— All persons who -had never won an advertized prize pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs. Course : Same as No. 1. Prize, £6. Entrance, 10s. Tim Whiffler-G. Welsh ...1 Volunteer— J. Harrison ...2 Barb— E. Clarke Thetis— K. Bands Galalea— P. Mnlhall. Seventh Race. — All third-class Yachts, handicapped, not exceeding 9 tons. Course : From their moorings in Woolloomooloo Bay round Fort Denison back round Fort Denison, back round flagship, round' lightship and Sow and Pigs, back to flag ship. This course twice over. Prize, £10. Entrance, £1 1s. Eva— W. Andrews, 12 minutes ...1 innp — J. Grafton Ross, scratch ...2 Australian— James Graham, scratch .. 3 Josephine— C. E. Bell, 9 minutes Eight Race. — Gentlemen amateurs pull ing two pairs of. sculls in light skiffs. Course : From flagship round Fort Deni son, back round flagship, round the Vernon, and back to flagship. Prize, -£7. Entrance, £11. Thetis -H. Freeman and J. Hobson ...1 Star— D. Garvan and, W. Woods ... 2 Kate— J. Harrison and — Bullivant. Ninth Race.— All half decked and open boats not exceeding 27 feet overall. Course : From their moorings in Wool loomooloo Bay round Fort Denison, back round Flagship, round Lightship and Sow and Pigs, back to Flagship. Prize, £10. Entrance, £1 1s. Torment— J. R. Walters,. 6 minutes ..1 Clio— P. -Bradford, scratch ...2 Ixion-T. M. Brown, scratch / Tie Bronzewing— W. Woolnougb, scratch Tenth Race.— All skiffs not exceeding 22 feet overall under canvas No skiffs to rate under 20 feet ; 1 minute per foot allowed. Course : Same as No. 3. Prize, £8. Entrance, £1 1s Desdemona— C. Jones ..1 Esione— T. and J. Skinner ..2 Lizzie— A. F. Venables. Eleventh Race. — All comers, hand capped, pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs. Course: same as No.8 Prize, Unknown— W. Hickey, 40 lbs. ...1 Barb-J. M'Cleer, 15 lbs. Tim Whifflor— H. M'Cleer, 20 lbs. Victoria- E. Ticket, 10 lbs - Twelfth Race.— Tub Race, Round tubs. To be approved of by the commute. Prize £2. Entrance, 2s. 6d. Phantom-- W. Brownett ...1 Tim Bobbin— G. Morland , ...2 Soda— E. Clarke At Botany the number of people who collected there was inmense, there could not have been less that twenty thousand In getting out ther all manner of vehicles were in requisition. The busses were overcrowded, no 'coyne of vantage being left unoccupied. The cabs and other vehicles were driving along furious and fast with the intention of taking ad vantage o/the 'sunshine' to make a golde Invest on that occasion. It was to be expected that the accidents by the way inder these circumstances, would be Numerous, and such was the case. Though scores of eager intending pas aeiw in the streets, through which , the usses passed, were left to wait for the 'next bus yet those who got possession of seats in some of them were no better off, as the horses in many cases got knocked up to the mortification of those immedi- ately concerned, but to the infinite amuse ment of the more: fortunate excursionists they like fat and greasy citizens passed on unconcerned for the misfortunes of their more unlucky fellow-mortals. On the ground the usual sports took place, in which the visitors showed a good deal of interest, but the great event of the day, on which the expectations of the crowd were centred, was the balloon ascent, which was to have taken place at 1 o'clock, that event did not however take place, and the people were not at all satisfied with the explanation given by the gentle men who were entrusted with carrying out the arrangements. The balloon having ascended to a very little height from the ground, it was blown against a tree and injured in severai places, whereby the gas escaped, which caused a collapse not only to the balloon, but to all expecta tion of an ascent on that day. We have several times noticed the collapse of pro jected amusements at Botany, even when there was no balloon ascent in contempla- tion. We would caution our readers against being too easily gulled by pro mised 'Botany balloon ascents.' The Albert Ground Athletic Sports were really very good, and the programme was faithfully carried out. During the sports the cry of ' balloon, balloon,' was raised, but there was really no more foundation in fact for it, than there was in that pro mised at Botany. In the Herald of Tuesday was published a semi-editoral article, reviewing the tone of the future Assembly as shown by the members returned by the constituencies up to the present time. It was written by one who styled himself "an -occasional i correspondent, and we fancy we can de tect something in the article which gives a clue to the quarter whence it emanated. The spirit which appears to have actuated the writer to give his views to the public is in keeping with the tone which for several months past has been the guiding spirit of tie Hunter- street organ. If the late Colonial Secretary, Mr. Parkes is not the actual writer of this uncalled for article it is certainly after his style and An occasional correspondent processes- to review the position of the Government with respect to the future Assembly and following his line of argu- ment it would appear that Mr. Robertson has lost considerably by his appeal to the country. Had the writer confined himself to the simple business of analising the components of the future House of Assem bly we should not have noticed his writing, but under the pretence of this he throws out certain insinuations uncalled for and tor which there is not the slightest founda tion. After speaking of Ministerialists and Oppositionists this writer says— :It is perhaps worth while to note here the improved position of the Roman Catholics in the House. I for one sincerely that this is no indication of a Roman Catholic party in Parliament, and that the gentlemen of that faith will be found tak- ing sides in the discussion of political ques- tions without reference to political religions considerations Their acting together in any marked manner would not fail to awaken a feeling of suspicion that might be unjust in the public mind.' Now it is plain to any one who reads the above that I the writer intended to convey to the pub lic the existence ot this Roman Catholic party against which he cautions those gen tlemen of that faith from forming. Nothing has happened to warrant such an insinua tion, and ' an occasional correspondent' has gone out of his way to sound the alarm when there was nothing to indicate that danger was at hand. In an assembly com I posed of seventy-two members, the Catho I lies numbering one-third of the population 1 have succeeded in returning eight members, just 'about one-ninth of the whole, and al ready we find an evil disposed person crying that there are too many Catholics elected. Ever since we have had responsible insti- tutions handed over to us we never heard such a bigoted and uncalled for cry raised, and it can only be attributed to those few evil minded persona who . for a few months past have tried to set one religion against another. We have never felt alarmed at the Protects tants. Weslevans. Presbyterians, or Jews, obtaining seats in the Parliament ; we have never seen the Herald or its Occasional I Correspondent' caution gentlemen profes sing these faiths against ' forming a party or taking sides in the discussion of politi cal questions without reference to polities religious considerations.' Suppose Dr. Wilson had not been sent into private life and had introduced in the Assembly a d- vorce bill allowing the separation of Husband and wife for incompatibility of temper the Catholic members would not acting right if they voted against such an infa- mous measure because their under action I would indicate the existence of a Catholic party. did not the members of the Anglican Church suppo the Synod Bill Did not the Wesbyans support the Temporalities Bill And we did not find the narrow minded Editor of the Herald cautioning these for acting incor rectlv. It is no use concealing the tact; the Sydney Morning Herald would be as happy gious liberty as would the Parkes and Buchanan party, and its conduct for seve ral months past has been to support and urge on all those who believe in the doc trines of the P. P. A. Did any one ever dream that a decade of persons and few of set up a party in the Parliament that would be dangerous to the community. The idea is as absurd as the existence of the Kiama Ghost, but the putting it forth before the public will serve the purpose ot tke enemies of the Catholic faith. There was a time when the motto of the Herald I was ' Tied to no party, of no sect am I. Then there was a show of fair play,but Now under linger the of liberality it is more bigoted than the Protestant Standard. This latter publication has openly declared i war against everything Catholic and we. are not surprised at anything we see in it but the Herald which is continually 1 preaching toleiance loses no opportunity in insult, Catholics and shows itself ever willing to allow vile scribblers to put forth their false accusations against us. As a proof we have only to point out the uu- . kind, the unjust and wicked assertions contained in the articles of 'An Occa sional Correspondent.' The Flying Squadron left us on Sunday last after a fortnight's visit. We have no doubt many will miss the bustle and stir caused by the officers and crews of the Squadron during' their stay. The good fellowship of sailors is proverbial, and the -officers showed they were not wanting in. either hospitality or benevolence/ Ths ^fovtoinments which they gave the pub lic in aid of charitable institutions, and ot Cook's Monument, showed their willing^ ness to make themselves agreeable and useful The Squadron stole a march OH ? I the Sydney people, by taking their depar ture sooner than was expected. At half past 10 o'clock the Liverpool followed by the Scvlla and Endymion steamed past I Fort Denison, and the Phoebe having the, ' J iBarrossa and Liffey as followers also moved from their anchorage, making the I port division, the three former vessels ! forming the starboard line. The imme.% I ate destination, of the Flying Squadron M I Hobart Town, which they expected to ^ ? reach yesterday. : -J^ 