NEWS AND NOTES. Election matters are progressing. In Ballarat East owing to the withdrawal from the contest of Mr J. D. Stocks, in consequence of his being electoral- registrar there will be no polling; but in Ballarat West the candidates, who intend showing much fight, are already commencing operations. Mr W. C. Smith’s friends met in considerable number at the Koh-i-Noor hotel on Saturday evening, and formed a large central cpmmittee,- with Messrs J.- B. Boss and H. Walker honorary secretaries. It was arranged that meetings, to be duly advertised, shall be held all through the present week, and that at each of the, places where Mr Smith, is to speak, a small sub-committee be formed. Mr.Smith was present at the meeting, and as it seemed by appearances that many nresent could not resist the temptation to hear hia views on the spot, he was called upon to say something.""He said that as he was now'merely in a meeting of his : own supporters, it was not, he thought, very necessary that he Bhould say much about his views on public questions. Erom the promises of support that he had received from in fluential persons inthe principal portions of the ward, he had not the slightest doubt that his candidature would prove thoroughly successful He had not stood .for any office of importance in the country that' he had hot succeeded in, and he therefore had no fear now. Some, of the burgesses of the south ward were under the'apprehension that his property was all .situated in the central ward; but quite the reverse case, for the house he resided in and the bulk of his property are in the south ward;' All his miningdnterest, ..nearly, was connected with blaims situated in the southward of the ; borough. But it did not matter which ward his property had been situated • in,, he would not haye. relaxed his efforts-in the proper representation of the ward which he had been elected for. He stated that at the meet ings whichwould .be held in the coming week he would go fully into a consideration of the policy of the council He had been rather-surprised at the last moment to find Mr Summers in the field for the south ward, as Mr Summers had stated to him on the morning" of nomination that he was glad to see him standing in order that better justice be-done to the Western borough in the Water C ommission than is .done, at present. : Mr Everinghamand Mr Serjeant • bad . in the south iwaxd' resigned in his favor. After such remarks .Mr Summers was about .the list man he expected to be pitted/ against ..him. At Brophy’s hotel, on Satiiiday’evening, ako' a" large meeting of the supporters of. ! Mr F.M.'Claxtbn,for ; the central, ward, was held; 1 Mr' Ar Marshall was appointed honorary secretary and a central committee was formed. No other business was transacted, the meetri mg adjourning in the usual way till Monday evening. With the exception of Mr Summers in the south - ward, no other candidates have commenced the cam paign yet. At Sebastopol there will be no contest owing to the proper number of candidates only having been-nominated. Councillors Morris, Pengilley, and Vickers retired. Councillor Vickers did not return to the poll, and Mr John Morgan as a matter of course took his place; and Councillors Morris and Pengilley return to their old seats. This evening Mr Claxton’s friends will meet at Brophy’s hotel, Mr Everingham’s at the same place, and Mr Fry’s at the North Star hotel. Mr W. C. Smith will address the electors this evening at Palmer’s hotel, Alfredton, at 7.30 p.m., and at the Koh-i-Noor hotel at 0 p.m. Ratepayers of Ballarat West are requested to meet at the Clyde hotel this evening, to discuss business of importance in connection with the extension of Ripon street north. A special committee meeting of the clergymen who have taken in hand the promotion of morality is to be held at three o’clock this afternoon, in the Alfred Hall. An unfortunate accident befel Dr M'Cann, of Camgham, on Saturday last, which resulted in a frac-' tured knee-cap. The accident happened in Skipton street, and it is the more unfortunate, as the gentle man had come to Ballarat to be married. A case of surgical instruments, the property of the Ballarat Hospital, was lost on Saturday last on the Melbourne road. An advertisement appears in another column, and we are requested to state that, although the instruments are not intrinsically valu able, the loss is of some consequence to the hospital, as the instruments could not, it is believed, be re placed in this colony. Lately there was a keen dispute between share holders of the Prince of Wales Company, Cobblers, respecting the. taxing of Mr Hardy’s bill of costa.. One meeting declared that they should be taxed, and they were placed in the hands of a Melbourne solicitor. However, as the resolution fori taxing was set aside, the' bill of costs of the Melbourne solicitor was re quested. It has given shareholders an insight into the probable cost of completing a taxation in the face of determined opposition by Mr Hardy, for the charges made for beginning to get ready to Lax amounted to more than £lOO. The balance claimed by Mr Hardy was £lOOO, and in addition to this sum, now agreed to be paid, a liability of £lOO has been incurred. Some of those who opposed the taxing said it would cost " £lOOO, and they do not appear to have been very far wrong. Two prisoners were in the Eastern lock-up last evening charged with wilfully damaging property, and two others with fighting in the street In addition to them a large number of drunkards were in the cells. The charge-sheet is a rather lengthy one for this morning. A Chinese named Ah Fooh will be brought up at the Eastern Police-court to-day, charged with fraudu lently offering for sale to Messrs Wittkowski Bros, a mixed metal as gold in its natural state. He had offered the stuff to Messrs Wittkowski for sale, and they, finding out his little game, at once gave him into the custody of the police. ' The fate of Mr Proctor, of Kyneton, who has been missing for a fortnight, remains a mystery. The proposal to establish a sugar beet factory in this neighborhood (says the Warrnambool Examiner) will not be allowed to fall to the ground. It is in-, tended to call a meeting of those interested in the project at an early date. There is some diversity as to the day on which shire nominations will close, but the majority of secretarial announcements appoints four o’clock this day as the latest moment at which nominations for candidates can be received. We may remark that Mr Neil Carey declares himself a candidate for., the extraordinary vacancy in the Bungaree Road District Board caused by the resignation of Mr D. Brophy. Mr D. Turpie_ is as a candidate for one of the vacancies in the board. Messrs Anderson and Walker, who retire by rotation, have announced their intention to stand again for their seats. The religious services at the Theatre Royal on Sun day were well attended. The Rev. J. Watsford preached in the morning, and Mr Burnett, assisted by local_ preachers, in the afternoon and evening; The evening's attendance was a perfect cram from pit to gallery, and the stage was also thronged right back to the wall. So great was the number that the front doors had to be closed to prevent more people going in, and then a good many found their way by the stage entrance to that port of the house, so that the preacher had a good congregation behind him as well as in front. Some mischievously idiotic scoundrel has been amusing himself by destroying the fence of the Sturt street gardens, between Drummond and Talbot streets. Between these streets the ornamental tops to the up right posts have been either knocked off or split on one side of the gardens. Owing to the inclemency of the weather on Satur day, the members of the Ballarat Hunt Club did not have their usual weekly spin across country. A few gentlemen interested in the acclimatisation of English trout from the Tasmanian salmon ponds in the waters of Lake Burrumbeet and other suitable re serves in the Ballarat district, purpose meeting to gether this evening, at 7.30 p.m., in Craig’s hotel, for the purpose of making preliminary arrangements in the matter. * An accident of a very painful nature took place on Saturday last, early in the morning, at the claim of the Rose Hill Company, near Mount Rowan, on the road to Creswick. The "claim is at present let upon tribute, and- amongst the men at work at it were Ah Tong and Ah Loaey, working as mates. They were on the night shift last week, and left the house where they resided at a few minutes before twelve, and started for the claim in order to. go on to work at midnight. As they approached the shaft Ah Tong was leading and was carrying a light, which suddenly went out. They proceeded in the dark, and, as they reached the vicinity of the shaft, Ah Loaey warned his companion to take great care as to where he was going. Just as Ah Loaey spoke he missed Ah Tong from beside him, and a few seconds afterwards heard the noise of some heavy body falling into the bottom of the shaft, which was about two hundred feet in depth. He called to his companion, but no answer was returned, and he at once reported what had oc curred to the captain of the shift. The latter, with the assistance of a miner, went down to the bottom of the shaft, and found the body lying in about ten feet of water. It was brought to the surface dead, and, after making a post-mortem, examination upon it, Dr Bunce gave his opinion that death was caused by drowning, death being partly brought on by concussion of the brain and other injuries received in the fall. A verdict in accordance with that opinion was re turned by the jury. A meeting of shareholders in the New North Clunes Company was held, under the presidency of Mr Niels Nicholson, at the Nag’s Head hotel, on 29th July, to consider the position of the company in connection with' the water-supply scheme. Considerable dis cussion took place, and Mr Coundon wanted to know of those who had been most active in getting up the meeting, what they contemplated doing; and it appeared that none of them were very clear on the subject. Mr T. Bruce moved—“ That a committee be appointed to enquire into and ascertain all information with regard to the present position of the company with reference to the present water-supply scheme, 'and report the same to the next meet ing of shareholders.” Mr Wilkes proposed as an amendment “ That seeing • the committee could do no good, but only injure tho present position of the Company, that no action be taken in the matter.” Mr William M'Donald seconded the amend ment, and spoke at some length condemning the action taken by some of the persons present, which would result in creating discontent and antagonism amongst thejmembers of the company, and could not do any good. On the question being put, seven voted for the amendment, ten for the resolution, and about the same number did not vote either way. The reso lution was accordingly carried. A considerable diffi culty next arose as to who were to be the members of the committee, one after another of those present de clining to act when asked. It was, however, at length arranged that Dr Rose and Messrs . N. Nicholson (the chairman) and T. Bruce should be the committee. The meeting separated after the usual vote of thanks to the chairman. The Anglican Bishop of Melbourne preached in the’ Alfred Hall on _ Sunday afternoon, when a- collection was made in aid of the Ballarat Auxiliary. Bible So ciety. He gave for his text the 4th verse'of the 15th chapter of the Epistle of St. Paul to the Romans— “ For whatsoever things were written aforetime, were written for our ileaming, that 'we through patience, and comfort of the Scriptures,' might. have hope.” From this text the right rev. gentleman preached an eloquent and scholarly sermon,. pointing out the beauties of the Scriptures and the benefits that arose from the circulation of the Bible in all countries. The hall was crowded. In the evening the bishop preached to a laige audience in St. John’s Church, Soldiers’ Hill. , A meeting, in furtherance of- the objects.of the Miners’ Association was held at the Scarsdale Town hall on Saturday evening, Mr Bowker in the chair. Had the weather been favorable, there would, doubt less, have been a good attendance; but the night was most inclement, rendering , the audience very small. The chairman briefly introduced the subject, after which Mr Powell spoke at considerable length, detail ing the objects of the association. MrW.B. Rodier also addressed .the,,meeting, and mpyjed a resolution :Turner seconded the resolution, and said ■ a few words on the subject,-' Mr Mmne, ; o£' j ßrowhsval£,-supported the resolution, which was put and carried. It ap. peared that several Ballarat gentlemen who had in tended to be present, were unavoidably absent through ■ having to attend to ditties elsewhere. Our local correspondent writes:-—“ Now that the erection of a new Court-house at Clunes is likely to become a fact, the inhabitants should bestir them selves to secure an eligible site. It certainly seems that the municipal reserve would be more desirable, as it is situated in the most populous part of the town and immediately adjoins the post and telegraph office. The reserve is sufficiently spacious to admit of the erection of a Town-hall and at the same time afford every accommodation for police paddock quarters, &c.;, for which purpose all the buildings at the present police station could be shifted at a comparatively small expense. The present Court-house could be also uti lised as a police barracks, and the now desolate-looking market shed would make a very desirable hall for the use of the fire brigade, and at the same time afford ample space for the reception of the engine. If this plan were adopted, all the public offices and buildings would be thus close together, and the facilities thereby afforded be a great accommodation to the public.” The numerous little eccentricities of the Clunes Borough Council have given it so unenviable a reputa tion that desirable men object to be mixed up with it and therefore decline to allow themselves to be nominated as candidates at the approaching election. Clunes possesses many men of undoubted business capacity, intelligence, and integrity, audit is much to be regretted that they should allow the interests of so important a community to be sacrificed by not entering the arena. Messrs H. Thomas and J. Edwards have been nominated for the east ward, and Dreweatt and Lean for the west ward; but the electors of the north ward are as yet unsought and uncared for, although' there will be two vacancies. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes—-“ Election matters have begun to create a little interest. Messrs Shepherd, Bennett, M‘Fadzean, and Robertson, of Linton, are mentioned as likely to be candidates for the vacancy in the west riding of Grenvillesliire. Mr Robert Peart, of Newtown, has received a very influ entially signed requisition, asking him to contest the vacant seat in the east riding with the old member, Mr John Russell. Mr C. Thorne, the retiring member in the north riding, seemed on Thursday to be disin clined to seek re-election; but as he has been greatly pressed by his fellow-councillors and other friends to allow himself to be nominated again, perhaps he has Bince acceded to their wishes. Mr Thorne, as well as Mr Russell, took a very active part in slnre matters, and doubtless both of them would be well supported at the' forthcoming election. With regard to the Browns and Scarsdale Borough Council vacancies, the three retiring members, viz., the "mayor and Crs Parker and M‘Kenzie, will, it is said, seek re- election, and, so far as I hear, no opponents are mentioned save Messrs D. Porter and Robert Bell. In the Smythes dale Borough Council, two of the retiring members, viz., Councillors Keith and Mosley, will, it seems, go to the poll, the other retiring member, Councillor Hart, does not, I hear, intend to come forward again. It seems, however, that there are to be three new candi dates, viz., Dr Jordan, and Messrs William Lee and Charles Bishop.” The Cafe Turque was opened on Saturday night, at Smith’s Exchange hotel, Bridge street. The large up stairs room, formerly used as a meeting-room by the Oddfellows, has been elegantly papered and decorated, the floor has been carpeted, and a bar fixed at one corner, while little round tables and chairs, for the convenience of visitors to the café, have been placed at irregular intervals. But the elegance of the room was not meant to be the attraction, nor was it. The proprietor had procured eight women dressed, or rather half-dressed, in a sort of nondescript costume to wait upon the public, and the public, feeling the obligation it was under to Mr Smith, visited the café. At nine o’clock so many had paid their shillings, and received tickets entitling them to a drink, that the hall was densely crowded, and there was barely room for anyone to turn round. All classes were represented. There were a few “ bullies,” plenty of clerks, and a few from nearly all. the congregations of the different Ballarat churches. Mr Williams presided at the piano in one comer of the room, and Mr Margetts and another vocalist sang songs from a table placed near the piano. The waitresses did not appear to come up to public expecta tion. Those who professed to be up in such matters said they were “ not a patch” upon the scantily clad houris of the Oriental or Continental in Bourke street. The dress consisted of ordinary boots, white stockings, a skirt down an inch or two below the knee, aiid an ordi nary jacket of either red, blue, or yellow. This costume was set off with spangles'. The women had enough to do to push through the crowd and serve the drinks, and before the place was closed, arms belonging to “ free and easy” individuals began to slip round the waists of the waitresses in an astonishing manner. But the waitresses did not seem to mind it, and at midnight the Café Turque was closed. Dr Clendinning held an inquest on Saturday into the death of Thomas Lindsay, a blacksmith and gene ral storekeeper, residing at Springs, Bungaree, which took place very suddenly on Thursday last. It was revealed by evidence that the deceased was subject to epileptic fits, and that he fell down in one of them on Thursday, and died. The jury returned a verdict of death from natural causes. We understand that a sufficient number of shares in the Fiji Planting and Trading Company having been ap plied for to enable operations to be commenced, the share list will close this day at four o’clock, and any applicant after that hour will be required to pay a premium. At the meeting on Friday night Mr Brewer said ho had seen two or three tons of tapioca off the coast of Bau, and not that he had seen two or three vessels laden with this article of food. Our reporter also omitted to state that Dr King, in answer to Mrs Fitzgibbon’s assertion that the missionaries wished to monopolise all the cotton and oil, said that the Rev. Mr Williams, in his lecture, had advocated settlement at Fiji. This omission and mistake was owing to the conversational nature of the proceedings. A meeting of the Miners’Association was held at the Unicom hotel on Saturday evening, to discuss the “ wages question,” the president in the chair. The attendance was not so large as on previous occasions the wet weather and the election meeting no doubt keeping many away. Considerable surprise being ex pressed by those present at the absence of the secre tary, the chairman accounted for the same by stating that he had been summoned on very short notice by the Springdallah branch to take part in an important meeting of the association at Scarsdale. The chair man, after explaining the objects of the meeting, was closely questioned by those present about the working of similar associations in the “ old country ” and else where. Several members then spoke to the question of the evening, and were unanimous in the expression of their opinion that “ strikes,” as a rule, were ruinous to working-men, and therefore a misapplication of the powers of labor. The meeting was then adjourned until Saturday next, when resolutions will be brought forward and the discussion assume a definite shape. We are glad to learn that the provisional committee of the projected Ballarat Woollen Cloth Factory is being liberally supplied with practical suggestions and information on the subject in hand by men who seem competent to put the committee on the right track for future success. It is also very gratifying to find that the secretary of the Victoria Woollen Cloth Factory in Geelong has volunteered, on behalf of the company he represents, to supply the committee with any information it may reasonably ask for. As the local men have expressed a determination, if possible, not to come into competition with existing establishments of the same kind, the offer by the Victoria Company is likely to be of vast advantage to the committee as if we are not misinformed, some serious blunders were committed by the Geelong company, which will act as excellent beacons for our local committee. So far as the information received goes, there does not appear to be the slightest obstacle to the successful establishment of this industry here; and the committee anticipates, as soon as it has gleaned all the informa tion it can get, to be able to issue a prospectus that will command public support. A very impudent robbery was committed at the Redan Club hotels kept by Mr D. Fern, on Friday morning. At about one o’clock in the morning two miners who knew Fern passed the hotel and saw the window of Fern’s bedroom open. Thinking that he must have fallen asleep and forgot to shut the window they knocked at the door, when a man jumped out of the window and made off in the direction of Sebas topol. Mr and Mrs Fern, who were fast asleep, were then aroused, and it was found that the robber had entered the bedroom by slipping back the catch of the window. He must then have passed the bed where Mr and Mrs Fern were sleeping, and taken a bunch of keys and some silver from the pocket of Mrs Fern’s dress, which was hanging up behind the door. These keys had then been taken off the ring and arranged on the top of a chest of drawers. The top drawer, in which there was the sum of about 30s had been opened, and at this stage of his proceedings the thief must have been disturbed, for he made off, only taking with him the silver from Mrs Fern’s pocket. In the drawer below that which the thief last opened were about £140 in cash. John Edwin Davis was charged before tIiS-- X>istrict Police-court on Saturday with neglecting to obey an order of the bench for the maintenance of his wife ' He was not arrested by the police till his house wm broken into; but the smashing in of a door was only .to get over a legal difficulty that had taken possession of the prisoners mind, and, with great caution, of which he must possess a large bump, ho arranged with the police to break in the back door of the building in consequence of the front door being a valuable one. Failing to find better” sureties for the proper carry mg opt of the order Mr Davis was sent to gaol. By the arrival of the Claud Hamilton we have later news from New Zealand.' - 1 We-observe that Mr J. W.' Blaokett was at Wellington advocating a submarine telegraph from Tasmania to Southland, so that New Zealand might next year be • joined on to the great system of wires communicating with England. Two men named. John Brown and Henry Mueller had been drowned by the capsizing of a boat on the Hokitika bar. The debate on the financial proposals of the Government was still proceeding. The bushranger Henry Power is to be tried at the Beechworth General Sessions, which commence on Tuesday next. Superintendent Hare left town yester day to give evidence on the trial. Recently at Lyttelton, on the production of “ Ham let,” Mr J. B. Steele filled the parts of the Ghost' Laertes, and First Player. A Beechworth telegram of Friday reports as fol lows: —“ A man named John Morrison has been brought up at the Yackandandah Police-court to-day, charged with committing an unnatural offence upon two boys, whom he obtained from the Sunbury In dustrial Schools three years ago. The boys state that the acts referred to in the charge extend over the past two years. The prisoner was remanded without going into the evidence.” Frederick Beamish was brought up at the District Police-court on Saturday, charged with the embezzle ment of two small'sums of money, the property of the Ballarat agent of the afficial-ossignee, while occupy ing the position of insolvency messenger.' A state ment was made on the part of the'prosecution that the prisoner was short £4O, as far as they at present knew, and, on the other hand, Mr M'Dermott alleged that the prisoner was owed £6O in connection with the insolvent estate of Mr Thomas Porter. The pri soner was remanded till Thursday next without further evidence being taken. He was admitted to bail. The appointments of Judge Cope to be substitute chairman of General Sessions, deputy judge of County Courts, and deputy judge of Courts of Mines at Bal larat, during the absence of Judge Rogers; of Judge Hackett to similarly succeed Judge Cope at Ararat; and of Mr C. A. Smyth to act, during the absence of Judge Hackett, at Beechworth, are contained in the Government Gazette. A numerously attended meeting of the ratepayers of the west riding of the Buninyongshire was held in the common-school at Whim Holes on Friday evening, when a strong committee was formed to secure the re turn of Mr Scorer. Notwithstanding the very un favorable weather the meeting was numerously at tended. The speakers referred to the valuable ser vices which had been rendered to the shire by Mr Scorer, and various resolutions in his favor were car ried unanimously and enthusiastically. An action for libel was brought in the County Court, at Bacchus Marsh, on Wednesday, by the pro prietor of the West Bourke Guardian against the pro prietor of the Bacchus Marsh Express. The jury held that the comments made by the editor of the latter journal were fair, and gave a verdict for the defendant, with costs. Says the Age: —“ The erection of new court-houses where required, and the renovation of those at present in existence, is just now occupying the attention of the Government, and the hon. the Commissioner of Public Works has under consideration plans for the purpose of carrying out these objects. New buildings will be erected at Oakleigh, Bairnsdale, Clunes, Wood end, Coleraine, and Warrnambool. The new build ings will be all constructed on the plan of the court house at Eaglehawk, which, it is represented, has been proved to be well adapted, both a3 regards size and arrangement, for the purpose for which it is intended. General repairs and necessary additions will be made to the court-houses at Richmond, Gordons, Black wood, Echuea, Mansfield, Tarnagulla, Wedderbume, Bright, Maryborough, and Castlemaine.” The quarterly general meeting of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce was held on Friday, Mr G. Stevenson, vice-president, in the chair. Mr. J. Lori mer proposed a resolution expressive of the regret of the chamber at the unsatisfactory termination of the Intercolonial Conference, especially with relation to the failure to establish a customs union of the Australian colonies. Mr J. R. Bailey seconded the motion, which was carried. Resolutions affirming the satisfaction of the chamber at the intention of the conference to ap ply to the Home Government to remove the prohibi tions against intercolonial free trade interposed by Imperial enactment, together -with their approval of the action taken with reference to defaced silver coin age, telegraph charges, intercolonial postal rates,-and the introduction of the cental system for weights, were also carried. A horse with a Little Bendigo milk-cart bolted from the Post-office down Sturt street on Saturday tmorn ing, and was gallantly caught by Constable Wolf, on duty there. If the constable had not stopped the beast, some grave damage might have been done in so busy a thoroughfare, and on the busiest day of the week. The boat races that were to have taken place on the Wendouree Swamp on Saturday, between persons con nected with the Star Office, had to be postponed on account of the bad weather. Two or three of the crews were there shortly after the appointed time, and would no doubt have started, but the majority was in favor of a postponement, and, weather permitting, the races will take place on next Saturday. The dinner in the evening was not postponed, and about thirty sat down to a good repast, provided by host Williams, of the Wendouree hotel. The Swamp breeze seemed to have the effect of giving every one a good appetite, and ample justice was done to the viands, after which the greater part af the evening was spent in toasting and singing. The Swamp, on the channel side, is now a fine sheet of water, and the depth during the last week has increased considerably, and some of the largest sailing-boats were able to sail anywhere without grounding. The celebrations of the third anniversary of the Sons of Temperance, Ballarat Division, will be con tinued this evening by a soiree in the Alfred Hall, Mr J. Raddenbury, G.W.P., in the chair. Addresses by ministers and other gentlemen, singing, and recitations form portions of a very interesting programme. During the absence, on leave for six months, of the Hon. H. C. Manners Sutton, Lieutenant Rothwell, A.D.C., will be acting private secretary to his Ex cellency. Alexandra is gazetted as a place where the Court of Mines for the mining district of Beechworth shall sit 'once at least in every six months. A County Court will also be held henceforth at Alexandra. A Sydney telegram of Friday , says that “ Captain Cook’s monument has been completed, except the statue.” The military court appointed to enquire into the state of volunteer discipline, &c.;, at Emerald Hill, have not, we understand, sent in then- “ Opinion,” which is the technical form of their report, nor will that be done for several days. There is also some disorganisation among the East Melbourne Volunteer Artillery corps. We regret to learn that the colonel commandant is at present confined to bed with a. severe attack of erysipelas in the foot. Rabbits are now being “preserved” at the Warr nambool Meat-Preserving Factory. These rabbits are mostly fine plump fellows, and procured on the Pirron Yallock Common. Is 6d per couple is paid at the factory for all rabbits delivered in good order and con dition, and the company can take any quantity at that figure. The meat is preserved in various shapes, and the skin is, of course, a merchantable article. Rabbits taken in snares and traps are preferred to those obtained with the gun, as in the' latter case the shot marks cause discoloration in the flesh. A regular camp has been formed at the hunting-ground, and I ll6o * Suns, Jogs, ferrets, snares, and every other possible contrivance are being brought to bear in the reduction and capture of devoted bunnies. -At a Hcrren abend (evening entertainment for gentle men only) of the Melbourne Liedertafel, held at Danc ker s hotel, on Thursday, the date of which was arranged to correspond'with the birthday of Mr E. R. Weber, whose connection with the society has been attended with such beneficial results, the president (Mr W. Detmold) presented Mr Weber .with a diploma, con firming the degree of first honorary member of the society. The toast which accompanied the presenta tion was drunk with great enthusiasm. Mr Roemplen recited a short ode in honor of the occasion, and a very agreeable evening was passed. Mr Weber was for many years a highly respected resident of Ballarat, and was similarly useful in connection with the local Liedertafel, and with the advancement of music generally. An important norice to members of the Civil Service appears in the Government Gazette on Friday evening. It has reference to applications made to Government by persons oh behalf of civil servants for promotion, &c.;,‘ many of which have been made in this manner, and in contravention of the regulation bn the subject. To prevent any • recurrence of such irregularities, the attention of civil servants is directed to the regulation (No. 22), the requirements of which they are enjoined to observe on pain of being dealt with under Regula tion ho. 32. As illustrating the tendency of this cau- H. on quote the regulations referred to:—Regulation No. 22. The application of any officer for promo tion, leave of absence, change of quarters, increase of salary, or upon any other matter affecting his position in the service, shall be made by the applicant himself, bf by or through the head of his branch or depart u:etft; and if it be made by or through any other per son it wi'J&S; treated as irregular.” Regulation No. 32.—“ The commission by any officer of anything for bidden, and the negfect or violation of anything en joined in or by these regulations, shall be deemed to be a breach of duty or that may render it unfit that the officer remaAfi Jl l. the Civil Ser- v l lc ®j and the penalty for "such breacuk or misconduct .shaU be dismissal from the service, or! rejection to a lower rank in the service, or to a lower pnlnr-f-within the class;-or deprivation of future annual 1 increment, or of leave of absence.” -? u 