GOULBURN DIVISION OF THE SONS OF TEMPERANCE. The usual quarterly re-union of the members and friends of this association was held on Friday even- ing last in Mr. Kennett's schoolroom, Clifford- street. tNotwithstanding tihe threatening appcearance of the welther the Itttondneo was very large, probblbly not fewer than throe huntdred persons being preent. IlHd the committee onticiptotd such an uttondnne, a lhrgor rcorn would hmvo been engaged. 'ITho tablon were twice fillted, and full justice done to in excellent repast. Alter this a publio moetlng wms hold, the room binig crowded in overy part, and muny unablei to gtlti Indmisslonl. On the motion of Mr. Inovers, so conded by Mr. Vikhoor, J. J. Wuddell Esq. was called to the chair. The Uhairm.nl, in his opening rnmrkso, regrettod the lateness of thi hour, which procltuded him from noytying much thit ht wished. Hio bore testimony, from his own obsorrtion in this and other coun trioa, through at longtlhenod period, to the necessity for the temperunno movement Ias moons of puriy ing ind olevnt ing the morals of the people. I1u Slpoink of what is termed nmoderato drinling iii strollng terms of reproatilon, alludig very griptiticnlly to the gradual tightening of tiLhe ehuins of httabit nld to thie ftact tht overy druolnkard was nt one time l imodernto drintker. tie concluded with ia forcible appeal to protefuing Ojhristinns to mintain their cono sistency ots sucb, nd not to throw a stumbling-bloolk in thie wnay of others by thoir example. Thu S~cretiary (Mr. lovers) then road the quarterly repoprt, of which the following is a tsummary :-At tihe colnnonoemeont o the past quarter a roturn wns mnado to the Sydlioey associaLtion, showing that there were then on thle book of the Goulburn division 69 iimembers mniintinilg :their professionl. Smncu tlit time, 18 nuw members have b(uol tildtd (ingi tile largest inumober enrolled in ny one qtuarter), making at total now on thie hook of 84. oveni members haven lull (toulturn for other diotricts.-)uring tihe pstI artnrt rr blind hlls boel organisod, for thie Ix tpene of which £1(0 w(as iatdvalod by tihe divisioo r ((ld a urthcr sum collected from the pubilc.-T?'ho Iamounit niow standing to the credit of thei division it the btIntk is £110, in addition to which there is nll invest(ment of £10. D uring the two yelrs thlt the Sons of T'.namperane ihavy maitained their footing in (oulttlrn they hlveo bouon callod upon for only £2 or £O3 in aid of mtllmbers who hav buoo sick, ai clear proof of the ilnpor!talio of tnemperance t i a snitary ouspeot. -In cotnexion with tho division a blnod of flops haso been ill oxistulce four or tv ululooths and low nuo - bert 174 children.--lTho division having beon pot to great inconvenience in finding suitable and sutlliciotly commodious promises, dotertmind some time ago on building I hall of teolperalco. This is tow in course of eorton o nd tho commottoo hope will bo comple tod in time for the nttivwrsary moetiog on the 20th August noext. The cost of this undurtklting will bo £230.-A brsanch division was established t shlort time ago at Irulan, comoomencing with oighteen members. It now numbers sixty.-Tho division purpose calling aI public meetoing in*July to arrtange a potition to lParliament in favour of ait permissive liquor laIw.--The total number of the Sons ol Tem poeranc in Nuow South Wales is now 0000; in con nectioi with the faod of lope, 16,000 childroen; anud tihro orn also sixty divislions of the Daughters of Toulperanco. Mr. Diamonod favoured the company with two oongs, which woro well received. ltucitations were given (mostly of s humorous cha ractor) by Mr. Foxall, Mr. B. Brown, Mr. Touco, and Mr. WV. Scott. M1r. \Warroll in a few forciblo remarks presosed tho claims of temperance on those present not idontilited with the mtovoulent, and concluded by moving a voto of tthanks to the ladies for their ktindness in presiding over the moterilt part of thuil entertainment. This was carried by ccolmaotion. Ths battd then perlurmed a grand march with great precisio nd steadinessti, and owero very desor vudly complimented by the chairman and oncored by the nudtenco. 'The RIov. Mr. Ward, in an able opoach, describod intemolranco u8 the foundution of all other vicoso l?eding to ruin both hero and hreoafter. Llo made sIeiU pleauing remarhst reforring to tho mottous with witih tIloe wlls wore tustufully decorated. He pro posed Ia vote of thianks to t lt chairtman, which was carried and suitably acknowledged. Tile procoeedings closed with the National Anthem by the bond. Govounax 1'outOa Couwr.-On Mondayl , boforo tha poolice-onagiotratol, Josuloh Mayo btoior, for a1 lowng oa hore to tatray, was lined Is. Gd. and 2s. 6. c?nalt. Charletoa ThomIns, for Ittowinog a cow to 6rraly, wias tiled 5f. tand 2f. Gd. costs. Frudorick 'oolhy, for a titnilar oellneo, was fiuod 2s. Gd. and 2s. 6d. coot 0. Ecoo tLa . Or TILE SoNS OF Tu:t?oMtr ACu.--\V havo bton sltown a copy of the omblnom and curtiti cate of tho Buons of Ttmporanco othromo- lithographud bty S. T. lcigh and Co. of Sydney in a ntylo ot aort thot rould Lot bu excollod by thu best artists in this walk int the anothor country. Thu omblmattoc liguls trn extremooly good and natural, and tio at:oUory opllrotpriate and wolt drawon. Taltut ots Iou atm lu ot thu IrnelTioto whtich tho art has attainud oand o tie uktill acquirnd by Mstosrs. Loight oaod Co. in its practice, this really htoodsomo piCturo itsal thllt ca1nl he desired. I)t: GIOooTItIUt 00oN ?S'1 DISPUTANDUMo.-Tha oothor day it oas occurrad which by It potrton of tiolorouot or uaratitious tomtpertnrltt would thave loIt-n tlot dow o lto of tIu geiuiailo oupUrnuLtural UrdUr. A young man nantllad John Eggo, grooum to Dr. layloy of this town, for somu tima past0, bioCO hib martr left thoe adjoirning lhouse, thao lopt toi one of tho rootns conslolatlod with th surg?uty in Clifforfd btruut in order tht moro outouninrtly to ltttnd to 0lighlhealla. In ola of thesu rotolms tohru is a ltrga ipiht cIIttoos ito which It pUrfLect kelOotUn is Sua ptndrd; nlld tlt tho bottom of this cautoi no0 two or throoookulls. T'I aother nithgt Eggo was awaetttiulrd by a tolrlolgo Oattling 0nollo, ovidontly I'on tha coulisltilog-rtooto ; tlid oil getting up tnd going tlhelt, it wais uvidcnt Itht this proceeded from Io thtl totlltiltill? ig Oto kIUlt 1to. tara a \wao 00 I0li0c politioun lr to youlng l0i000l Of highly tnervous and aulllrtitious orgntlitoatioLtt, Lat Ofl' troul tho choncU ot ?t·eking adlvicU or Ila+iS:tance lsoum abroad. \tou thI pt-itent writer oL iatgtoo atoivo alld It s to ll ot literary 0I000tottioLn u00 to \toow-lt O toot to Lty t IuIIaIrtor or ohtll to c0-t0l00y ogttlo,--ho woutld, oil leorlitngt tot porticutlora oul this ,Itplalliig caolt, inCptuo uty ht otl t00 0blll00dooned Iltoooy-alti ooi o ? on o aI n ilod tor vCrt Itlld hIovU duvoted mllllOtol heart nold soul1 to tha caUtptoitaion oL wortla of lictiun ol tho Mr0. li:dolto-l.lfo-m-.11os traddot ttpo. "'Tll Dottor'at Skilutoun " would Ittro naoiltd a tting itio tl urly \htloit disphlotyd iu all the blltzozlry oa y0ellow 0l00per hilodigo with It r[d LLLd greoan Illuatra Iltilon lhoowl g thioa unl:ioap)y groom with hair otn tond i1 c tolu ? t of rapidly tUllllln g white. But Ilius LaUd nt.tlol .tdalloy! 'twoto lnot to to., And fortlu:ttuly for iillteltl, 1EagO, instead of buing of the ghoat-a?er tmpruranmuat is it courgouoa?, matter-of-fact young follow, and, possibly from his having boonu svoral years with dootors, is froee from lny superstitious horror oS dead men's bones. Still it was not alto gcther without an moneasy feeling that he heard the I)isO increase. " Bis," as Byron says, "soon philo sophy camsI to his aid " Illntlng that soul and body on thle wholo Were odds agalost a diselnbodicd soul. Whether Eggo retpeated these lines to himself or not is not quito certainr; but what is certain is that he made up his mind not to he boaton. So he proceeded sit once to open the mysterious cose; and then oven his nerves were somewhat shaken by setoing the skoloton oscillatling to and fro With a strong and grownlog motion. But O I most Ianmos nd Iompotent concluons to this us to other ghost-otories, were thoro but men of Eggo's nerve present to investigate them. The inrnocent causes of the noise and commotion wore- first a mouse, and next Mrs. Waugh's white cat. The former, in attemptinrrg to escape, had, in the most unseoomly and irreverent moanner, plunged bodily into one of the skulls; and the cat, in the oeagerness of pursuit, had tllrust in her paw tafter him; and nriot being ohblo to hoolk him out nor yet to extricatelo her p:tw, had in jumping about set the skeleton swinging. Sic transit ylorio of ghoststoryl CosnrosriNAL PunccAsres.-Tho following oircula?r has blon senr t by the undsr-socreotary for lands to the soveral crown land eagents:- S.lr,--With reseromo to the instructions convyedt to you by sell irclon r of tlr Otto April, 18t , in rtart l o t toorflor of polrchnsio s Ilolote slnllsr tlllo 13tL onso tIst ot'eiouos of tios ,r00on tSalllt Alientiont Act, Ilnl dtroted tro lnfors you thnt Il 0 crowan l0 ofcr ltlesi o ?u ell n oln ilsur to tile Ceffct that there is nowh.,ir finellnl hot to tahe alit l23on of an d ri tintotlr Isrrls in Hy|su lotherof, or Tiht 00r.0t, wherey Le cson dionas or tile sfrt In soonoero, asthc tie orglnrl porehtaso Ilslse ht' otllellllCd, tile rul whioChli bltoos hoithrtooo prloiitsed tlt, seratloon of thest puhes rby traonsyo r o ill nrot furthler Ibo enfilrclvd. I 00 Iltn0 to stto the tat at t es to lrd tht the t ol rightw its w respcot to Sile conditionl puraosesr undoer tloeOnd scton of t tile Iot, sltd thlot tlhrrcser. those pursco thi atse y be Ironbtirred mither etwell tht frreeolds bin vortu of whicl thcy srooe Illode or oeoirotottly. Yeos ill totereforesolold t ttoo elo tuor to youo toils sulbjct of nth rItarch e oithrlod ou. ItLot- MAoCntt.-- mutch toaso ptoo at the rifleo ranmg on Soitordny betwesn Corpornal aloslchisw ind Privteo IIolt of tice Goulwern Volunteer tillo Corps. The teorms wore livo shots tash oit 00, 3100 t00, eond tot ytord, isn iyth positi oon. The daiy ws very isfavrvosrrblo for stioling, a thice mist rendering it diflsicult to see the target at o00 yrds. L'ho follow f is ties O score :- 0000 .500 (000 000 Teotn. Corportlslaertshrt ... t5 10 00 00 10 l'rivnatuiyolt m ....... 1i s 10 8 3s Blketaloaw winniorig by 17 points. VonTiorsorl Rctrm. 3trC.--It is oxpCtOd tha t thtet returno mrrtochl betwoon thlb Ooulburn nod No. ,5 eo hjoios woill toio placos on lionday nxt on the oult uurn range. Pi;soox-Slrorntoo.--Tho following is the result of Ior ilnlteh elot on wriday in Paytoen's pddoicl, the particolhro of whieh we wort unbloe to got in tio foor oanr lbot issu: --Soveopotales of tOts. ; competitors to te handioappod; to shoot it firv birds erach; second rean to recoive t2 out of the prize. Thbr weisr twelve oormrco, h d tc . Dovis, shooting at twoellt ftvo tyirdsrise yars sdeclared the winner Irilling all Iris birl . loytelro, 0. Cooper, ond Donelty shot onfties for 1seond ploceo, whlmch ws won by lyltaeri. *--Oi Saoturdoly in msachl in which tsr. lIsytin w0as boasckeod so bill tOliroy birds out of fifty, at twenty-five yiltrd rise, with 1 oz. of shot, too001 place, and cotlosd eonoioleruolo excitemeolt. It is stited thait this foot hlui seldlom been oceomplishod in the mother country anod never bforo in siow South WValesa; but on thio ccasion Mr. Poytsorl wus suocessful, winning the maitcto with tise thirty-ninth bird., Actually he hiillodl thirty-edglht birds; but eight falling boyonld boulods were root counted in the score. This is a porformasnce wshich prubhloh l' stinds unparrlleled; osnd it ootoItalioshs hMr. Poipton's reputtion 50 the best olsot irs the colroiro. The gtr ho shlot with wos a Greoner, 13-bore. 'hroo other sweeps of 20t. eltnls, oit twlltry-fitro yosrds rise, wSer shot for, Moessrs. V. ColooP mnd Unlderowood being winrnrsor in the two first, isoo the Ols ome gentlemen dividing the stakoes in the thlird mtach. MAolS"oT:.L, Ie`cUIneY.-On Saturday Mr. Levy ctomounced a rmagioterual inquiry ot M3orowollon into the causeo of death of a funalo infaint aged throo weeks, the daughter of n couple named COlarko who weore travoiling irom Berrimn to Goulburn in dosti tout circumstances. Dr. Iyloy deposed that he had madu n post-mortom examination of thy body which was of badly nourished and omaciatud appouraneo, but aippeared to have boon properly dressed and attended to; waso of opinion that death raesulted from exposureo to cold and want of proper comfort, do conased having boon delicate from birth. Tho inquiry was adjourned to Goulburn and was proceeded with on Monday, whon Constable Kolly deposed that the dccntsod died in a deserted but without doors or windows it the back ol Killpatrilk'o inn. It wasee reported to him that death was the restult of neglect; and the body presented a discolourold uppearanceu. These facts led him to think a magistorial inquiry desirable. The magistrato recorded his opinion thaut death resulted from natural onuses. AccloxaT.-On Sunlday evening a men named Richard Sisk, in the employment of the Messrs. Hall ot Lak Bathurst, met with an accident under the following circumstances :--It appears that Sisk had been to Boro, and on his way homeward dropped a parcel which he was carrying in his hand, and hav ing recovered it, was in the act of re- mounting when his horse bolted and dashed him against a telegraph post. Information of the accident having been con veyed to Mr. Cedric Hall, he at once made arrange ments for the man's removal to the Goulburn hospital, where he arrived yesterday afternoon. On examination by Dr. Perry he was found to have sus- tained a fracture of the thigh in addition to several contusions about the face and body. INsOVensceoec-nSr.-Surrnder.-Villiam Henry WVool lott, of Narundora, publican. Cause of insolvency: Proesure of creditors. Liahilities, £330 12. Asseota, £31 10s. Defliciency, £296 2s. Official assigneoe, Mr. J. P. Mackenzio. AttPoINtI?Eatc O&c.; -His Excellonay the Goovernor, with tho advice ot the exeuoutive council, heas boon pleased to appoint Rees Llewellyn, Esq., to bo gov ernment medical officer and vaccinator for the dis trict of Araluon, vice Redhead, deceaosed; and WVil liam ]Flutcher to bo an additional member of the publio ochool board at Young. I MAlTING OF THE GOULDIIURN PItRESiTEity.-Tho Goulburn prohbytery met in St. Anudrow's Church, Coulhurn, last VWednosday, at noon. Sodorunt: The Itovda. S. F. Mlacloenzio (modorator), Gibson, Macroady, anod IN. lackenzieo. Notice was taken of the ilath of Dr, W\laugh, thie lat crlerk of the pres bytory, and it witas resolved to convoy to his widow an expression of the loop sympathy entertaineld for her lo.ss, fnd of the great sateem in which her la inontod husband had always been held by the Pres hytory. The cull from certain Presbyterians at Quoanboyan, in favour of the Ruv. W. Mackenzie (brother of the Rev. S. F. Mluaclonzio of Goulburu), wia read andd iust ined; nld on theU Rov. W. Maio lonzzio signifying his willingness to accept the call it w1s resolved that his induction shoull take place at Queabcoync on the 29th instant, at noon, when the ltuov, S. I. Mcliakonzio, Malcroidy, tlnd J. Gibson will lake part in the proceedings. Matteors roelting to thie VWugga i: W oaggl church tntd to Mra. Rose?' cll j fteor coiupoItioi, were discussed. TIho R1ev. J. Bi. LIntghton, B.A., ws nominateold to ct as mod orator oit the coisuing general assembly. Alter re solvig lthat the next ut!tingo of the prollytery should alttl plnaco in St. Andrew's Church, Yoas, orn Iteu (ill h d 7th of Sptellmbtr next, when iot eries o rovivl loutings e are to be held, tIl mueeting conclu dudl.-Ytas Courier. Tun' Ml-rrToAoso R]usun.-Upon the above rush we learn that thoer aire now lully tour hundred pcrsonu \--lte greater proportion of them bein g oingagod eithr in Mainoig, prospuoeting, or shepherding colime -upon cwlt is supptosed to be the lohod of gold. At preset gold is bong obltained, in what is believed to be payable qtutalties, in no less than lourteen dif forutc clotius ; but water is so searec, and so little walshing hits its yet been attetmpted on ant extended selle, that it is very dificult to obtain really reliable iflormation as to the value of the discovery, or to uredict whether a really pormancent gold-fiold hau eon hilt upon. Tbohe lad at present appears to be Ioteding in the direction of Urangelino, and faulny of the uainerrs roe extelllnly sanguicl cs to the prosup?et of the lieil. T'here tre ,now four stores uopn the ground. Flour is selling at £2 per bag, untd other nueessz:ries in proportion. Tihe firt coach for the diggings from this town will start from the Criterion llotel this day at noon, Mr. Booth taking passengers ctt 15s. each. In a few days wuve hope to have fuller particulors from the diggings, and shall of course teeonuicle the latest intelliconce for the infoermaion of our reade ra.--W\V gga Wagga Explress. WAeO., WA\VoOA6.Moto4y, .5 p.m.-For the fourth tieu tilhe town is the scene of inundation. The lower part of the town is noow under water, tnod the M[urrumbidgeo is slowly rising.--Thu first meeting of aldermen was hold to-day, atnd Georgo Forsyth Esq.o was elected first mayor of Wagge Wagga. T'iegram to Empire. TitHe lBo nA• TItI iUMEo I'NN.·-Tho otato Of the southern road for some miles beyond MIr. Pearsa's is, if anything, in a worse condition than when we lost called attention to it. We have heard of in etances where persons were obliged to drive round through Mr. Icarso's paddock in order to avoid the certainty of being inextricably bogged.-Yas Courier. BATltuOsT.--ifonday.--Tho proposed alteration in the time of departure of the mail-train from Syd any is creating much dieessatisfaction heror, as it will placo the whole of the country districts in a worse position than they were beforoe the railway was made. A public meeting is to be called for Thursday next, with the view ol memorialising the government upon the subiect.-Telogram to S. MI. Herald. ADLoNGo.--Monday.--lIr. E. A. iBaker was to dlay nominated'and re-elected member for the Gold fielhs South, without opposition.-Tologram to S. lI. Horald. Os Drr.-It is stated that not fewer than five clerks of potty sessions are now under suspension in New South Wales for defolcations in their cash. Whhat hase the inspector of public revenue collectors' raccounts been about ? and what duty has he per formed for his £600 a year, paid since slot April, 1868 1-Yass Courier. YTess Q.AtaaT.-SEsIo?Ns.- e are informed that Mr. Meoalean, the sheriff, has appointed Mr. O. J. Pooele to act as sheriff's deputy at the sessions to com mence on MIonday.--Yae Courier. BENNETTn8 FDon AND CvUTTIo present a slightly difforont appearance from what they did a few days ago; hut we much fouear that the rise of a fw feet in the Yass Itiver will result in the district being as fir off os over from having what Mr. Sutherland has prom ited to it-a safe and proper crossing-place. The carriors in especial are most ournest in their dcnun cioliont of the present cutting; and its steep gradient is certainly sufliciont to justify them in what they snay.-Yaes Courier. Ite.slwAL, or PAstonAL LeASEs.-The following now regulations have beeoon published by the govcrn ment:-1l. Rueverting to the regulations dated 28th April, it is now to be distinctly understood that in taklling measures for the appraisement of a run, on expiration of the lease, the government will reserve the discretion of charging or apportioning to the lessoee, as a condition of the renowal of his lease, all expenses attending such appraisement wohenever spo cial grounds for such a course may appoear to exist. 2\. In the event of any claim being made upon the government for cost or expenses of an appraiser ap pointed by the lessee, or of an umpire whoso appoint mont thereby becomes necessary, the lease will not be renewed, unless such costs and expenses are made good by the lessee. WAoTEe-SoUrrY'.-Tho following lands have been proclainmed as reserved from sale for the preservation of water-supply:-County of MIurray, parish of Joir, 440 acres, near Oakoy Creek, on the Quen beyon and YTes road; and in the same county, parish of Gininderra, at the crossing of Hall's Creelk, by the road from Quuanbeyaon to Yass, 472 acres. MOELnOUeNoEc.-Friday.-Another meeting of " the unemployed " was held this afternoon. The Hon. A. iMichie, attorney-general, is indisposed. No loss than twenty publicans have beeoon fined to-day for breaches of the Act. Duggan has boon found guilty of stabbing IHeffornan. In regard to the injnae tion which was moved for against Gale the aeronaut, proceedings are stayed, and the matter has been amicably settled.-Saturday.-A petition to the Queen, and a letter of remonstrance to Lord Gran vlle, against immigration, was adopted by the un employed meeting yesterday. Arrangements are progressing for establishing a worling-man's paper, to bhe called the Tribune. MIr. Charles ,annenrs Sutton, the Governor's private secretary, is going to IEnglend, via San Francisco. Mat Higgings boat Youong Austio in the ten-mile race oasily.-l1onday, 6 p.m.-The intercolonial conference mot to-day; represoentatives from Sydney, Adelaide, and Tase omania were present; Queeonsland and New Zealand Swere unrepresented. Sir James Me Culloch was elected president. The Teasmanian delegates opuned the proceedinags by reading their circular relative to the calling together of the conference. A noneral conversation ensued as to the intended proceedings, and tile mode under which they should be conducted. Tho first inturcolonial question to be discussed at the eaonferonee will bhe that of a customs union.--'Tho first sod of the eastern railway was turned to-day. Telegrams to Sydney daily papers. Ae.name..-- Fridsy.-The quarterly report of the commissionor of police shows rather an increase of crime. A special mooting of thoelvangelical Alliance in called for to-night, to consider the necessity of closing publie-houses on Sunday, and the general suppression of open immorality. The Burra railway in now near completion. Two marino seurveyovors, Fallun and Richardson, have been suspended for three months by the marine board. owing to charges brought against them by the Underwriters' Associa tion of giving incorrect surveys on the ships MIaria Conguine and Laughing Wave. Quotations for wheat are unaltered, although there is more inquiry. Thore were heavy rains last night.-Telegram to S. e. Herald. ATROCIOUS HoMtlCIDE AT IPSWICHt.-A murder, the attendant circumstances of which render it horri ble in the extreme, is reported by the B3risbane Courier of the 11th instant, to have been committed on the road which divides iMr. F. 0. Daveney's resi donce from the North Australian Jockey Club race course, about six o'clockl on Thursday evening last. It appears that a farmer of tedbank Plains, named Francis Butler, started home on foot from the races, and was accompanied by his wife and brother-in-law. When near the entrance to Mr. Davenoy's, three other farmers of Redbanlk Plains, named Mliohael Nugent, Patrick WVard, and Patrick Wilkinson, with whom it was said Butler was on bad terms and with whom he had quarrelled on the course in the early part of the afternoon, set upon him and beat him most brutally. His brother-in-law, William Butler, took his part; but after getting rather badly treated he ran away for help. The wife sof the unfortunate victim did all she could to save him ; but the murder ous wretches, after boeating him badly about the head and body, jumped on him till they left him a corpse. The news spread rapidly; and information being given to the police, Sergeant Francis, after viewing the body, started in pursuit of the murderers, and arrested them at Redbank Plains about eloven o'clock the same night. Thoe. body in the mean timoe was re moved to the morgue, and a post mortem cnaoina tion was made yesterday morning. Internal injuries of a frightful nature wore the cause of death. Tho prisoners wore brought before the court, ted ro mnanded until the 1th instant. The unfortunate victim is said to have booeen sober at tho time, and was highly respouted in the circle in which he moved. Ho wls about twenty-seven yeoars of ago, and leaves a widow and two children. Great indignation was manifeosted uguinst the murderers. A Ptnowstno SconDnloEL.-On Sunday last an embryo bnshranger named Dunn, since ascertained to be a native of Binalong, and believed to be a brother or-cousin of the late notorious bushrangor of theIo ame nnlume, who it will be remembered was ex ecuted in Darlinghurst gaol, Sydney, some few yoors ago, presented himnself at Mir. Johnson's hotel at North Juneu diggings, and alter taking ai drink, usled the landlord if he could not lot him have a revolver, promising to give £15 for the loan of one until the following Monday eveuning. Mr. Jolhnson naturally wished to know owhat his hopeful visitor owanted with Irovolver, iand to his inquiries the latter repllied, " O i never mind, I can make money with it, and then you can have it again." Upon Mlr. John so0 professing some curiosity as to how the money was to be made, be said that he intended to ttto to thu rotds. Mr. Jolhson remarked to him that it would be a pity for a young mun.like hin to adopt suchl a course of life, tnd that if he did ho would atsuredly, like all bushrangers, come to a baid end. Dunn then told Johnson to mention nothing of what he had told himu, as it would not do him ainy good and it might do him some harm. Upon this the landlord made a grab at him over the counter, but did not succeed in holding him, and bolting bhck, he got out of the house, but was immediately pursued by a man named Dobbs, working in the Dust-hole, and caught behind a log. 'T'ho scoundrel finding himsulf pinned, ontreated to he roleased, protesting thatt he had onltr booeen "'sporting" with Johnson. Dubbs, however, insisted upon his hicing Johnson and explainintg matters, and was taoing him toeards thle innwith it umn inamed Lynch, who had by this time arrived on tthe scene of aotion, wohenI he jostled Lynch atnd tried to got aiway, upon which tholatter knocked him down, and with the assistatnce ot Dobbs ollectu ally secured him. A third man named Gordon then ciamo up and collared him by the neck; and the three of them together dragged their prisoner to Johnson's house, and with Mr. Brown, a storelkeeper on the dig gings, they agreed to bring him here in custody and deliver him into the chaorge of the \Vagga \Vagga police. On Mtondtty, accordingly MIodrs. trown, Dobbs, Lynch, and Gordon started with their pri. s?oner, and at three o'clock on the same day he was sIafely ensconced in one of the cells of the gaol. In the meantime it was discovered that on Sunday a dray belonging to ir, Kirkopatriok of the oruahing machine of North Juneo, had been robbed of some boots, trousers, and other articles of clothing, and suspicion naturally pointed to the prisoner as the thief. On Mondoy night the prisoner was colnfined in one of the coils of the gaol; but when the cell door was opened in the morning, it was found lthat with the handle of the pint-pot with which he had been supplied, he had fashioned himself a rude sort of knifer, and with this had hacked and cut up his boots and trousers into a multitude of little shreds. evidontly in the hope of destroying them beyond hope of identification. In this however he was dit appointed, for Mr. Kirkpntrick positively swore to the remains of his property, and on Tuesday the pri soner was fully committed on the charge of stealing. Ho displayed considerable coolness and impudenco in the court, cross-examining the witnessedos in a very bsroiness-lio manner, and frequently complaining to the bench that they did not turn their faces towards him when giving their evidence-a conclusive proof," as he argued, of the non- trustworthiness of their testimony. After his committal, just as he was layv ing the court, he made a dash towards the street in the hope of escaping from the constables in charge; but was very speedily seized and conveyed with ocant ceremony to his coll. The miners and others of Juneo who so promptly captured the would-bh bushrangor and brought him in to the authorities the moment they discovered his true character, are en titled to the thanls of the whole community, and should receive some substantial recognition of the value of their services in the cause of law and order. If all such would-be plunderers found no warmer tympathisers, and no more useful accomplices than this young Dunn met with at Junce, sticking-up.in the colony would soon coase to become an attractive occupation.-W?agga W?agga Express. 