Condition of tbe ISuglish Peasantry. ? 'Wo lately drew attention to the rionditioh of the agricultural laborers of England, and showed from the reports of tho commissioners appointed to. .inquire into the matter that these unfortunate British serfs are in too/degraded 'a position either to value education, or to avail- themselves, of its benefits. ! The Britiali laborer, as a general rule, cannot spare bis children to let thom go to school so long as they ..earn ]a 'sixponso' or a shilling a week at bird snaring, weeding, or any other light work the farmers may 'have for them to do; ' The trifle whioh three or four children can earn in -'this way. contributes to the, support of the ,, household, and is too important to be lightly thrown dway. The result is that the youth; of. the. peasantry are reared in blank and utter ignorance, and remain, such as their fathers- weret'beforo thom;' ; Talk to! them of applied- soienoe, of the. delights; ofli tpra.- ture, poetry, fine art, history, and refinements in music, &c; ,'and you will find .'that your peifrls'are;. cast before swine, wbo are as incapable of understanding you as if, ypu-)8poko.in Greek-., How could it - be otherwise,? They have Jiqen. allowod to grow up as :rnere animiils^worserth'ari' serfs— and their condition is a.. disgrace to the. country.; When such beings ijeaofo manhood what; time or inclination can they, possibly- have for mental culture? When a man who is well nourished ha3 toiled in performing hard work for twelve or fourteeen' hours, he wants' rest'for 'his body rather than exerfiise for' liis brain.' The weariness and exhaustion .lie' feels' not only, unfit liim for the proper performance of mental labor, but prevent bim from haying any desire for 'ifc1 This is the inevitable effect of long continued tbil,. even where there is abundance of nourishing food. What, then, iritist it bo in the oase of meff'whose hunger :is [seldom satisfied, and who, js mere aiiimalsj ''are in a most miserable Condition? Hence it is useless to attempt placing the, means of.imellectual improvements .within, the reach of English laborors until means have been- adopted to remedy the physical evils and personal wretched ness under whioh they groan. Iri tbe 'county ? bf Hants' boys ' become 'wag- goners^ mates at , the age of' ton,' years, and are' placed under ..the control . and exposed Jo the influence of tbo wnggonor, whom, 'we may well suppose, to bp. anything but perfect either in. mind or manners. 'Of course, 'Mike master like mani and so' the boy yields to the influences by: which he is surrounded. His hours ef labour are from six in the morning 'to nine at night, a period of toil: far jtoo long for an , adult, and ruinous to a boy. In many parts of England men, women, and children work together in gangs at farm work; particularly iii weeding ; tiuae, and the result1 is tbat young girls are. exposed to the influence and brutal example of their elders, arid thus become depraved in thought, and language at a very early age. The conversation carried on in some of thesp gangs is ? spoken of, by tbo commissioners as filthy and disgusting in the extiemo. Need' we wonder that one of those English savages, an aeoount of whose .ignorance, appears In yesterda'ys issue of this journal, should know nothing of God, of a future stat^jof tlie nature of an oath, and even of his own age ? IIo had been to' church onoe or so when he was.' a youngun,' aud he ceuld neither write nor spell bis name. And need wo wondor that superstiti.on. in all its varied forms should find a congenial resting place iu tho breasts of suoh men? 'Tbd poor ignoramus who supposed that a certain, woman, as a witch, had power over bim, and who believed that if he could cause her to bleed, a, littlo, ber power ovor bim would cea30, is a typo of a olass of men wbo aro- ready to believe any absurdity .which fanatioiam, or acoid'ent may' bring undor their notico. A few -.years baok, i even in the county of Kent, within a short distauco of tho mstropolis of tho British empire, and almost within the shadow of the Cathedral Canterbury, moro than one hundred and fifty persons of the labouring class could bo led to beliovo tbat Thom, a madman, was tbe Lord Jesus Christ, and to believe that absurdity so. firmly as to becoine willing tp bo martyred for their faith'. .These fanatics had to be dispersed by an armed force, and somo'. of thom shot down beforo they could he dispersed. Tho superstition, they had embraced has hardly been eradicated to this day. It cannot lie doubted that tbe filth, tho squalor, the aliject poverty, the utter want of decency arid tbo frightful ignorance connected with agricultural labourers in many parts of Britain are necessarily connected with their grinding poverty, and consequently cannot be got rid of by , apy amount of educational training, if their | condition is not improved. Efforts must be mado for the labourer by those who are outside of bis sphere, for assuredly ho is too deeply sunk ever to raise. It will bo to tho advantage of the nation, even in a pecuniary Bense, tbat this great work should bo speedily commenced and achieved in a style comuicnsurato with tho magnitude of the evil that has to ho remedied, Compulsory oducation may bo a good thing in itself, but it is not a sufficient cure for the festering sore which the commissioners nave laid bare. It will npt do to compel children to attend school at the risk of being starved to death. The glorious old bIioo .maker, John Pounds, knew better than that. He was acouBtpmed tp fpllow the hungry Arabs of the street with a roasted potatoo in bis hand, tempting them with it to go to bis. Bchool. The English nation muBt act in an analogous mode towards tbe children of English laborers, if those children are ever to become A bold peasantry their country's pride. The father must either receivo higher wages, or the children must be fed in some way-beforc. they can be cpmpelled to attend sohrfols that may be provided for them by tbe Btate. It would be a cruel wrong to force them by tbe dread of pains and penalties to attend school if by so doing tbey. were to be deprived of tho shilling or sixpence they now got from the farmer for frightening birds away from his grain. ! Hero is a fine field for wise and benevolent energy to disport itself in— a splendid arena for r great statesmanship to show that it is equal to great emergencies. The man who oan devise a practicable method of remedying the evils tbo. Commissioners have pointed out-will carve for himself a-nioho in the temple of history, and be held in honor by his racs throughout, all future time. Dreams made useful. — In the Lancet for 2nd April will be found a very ingenious paper by- Dr.- Henry Maudslej, Dr. Maadsley has dovoted himself to the study of. the . reciprocal aotion between mind and body. He attributes to. disease certain psychological as well as physical effects, and believes that the consequence of a disordered liver and disordered heart will be mentally different. In suggesting, a mode, of ascertaining this difference be . remarks .that a, scientific observation of the phenomena of dreams would be of help. ' The ground tone of feeling in a dieam,- the back ground on which the phantoms move, is often determined by the state of the internal organ, the irritation wbich awakc'ns 'into some degree of activity that part of the. brain with which the organ is in specific sympathy j accordingly. sympathetic ideas spiing out of the feeliug, and unite in a more or less coherent dream dirhma.': He then goes on to say that dreams ouc;ht to furnish us with -a fruitful means of studying the spocific effects of organs on tho mind, because, while dreaming, impressions from the external; senses are. shut out by si eop. ? ' As the stars are not visible although they still shine in tho doytime, so the effeots of aa internal organ may-not be peroeptiblo during the waking state while tbe whole consciousness is actively engaged ; but just as. when the sun goes down the stars shine visibly which before wero invisible, veiled by his greater light, .so when active consciousness is suspended, organic sympathies which before were insensible declare themselves to tho mind.' Dr. Maudsley ' then propounds 'the view 'that .a certain ' class ? : of dreams, comprehending those in which peoplo imagine ? they would be seizedf with a peculiar kind of disease, may-he explained by supposing tbat tho organ .wbioh would b8 attaoked in this complaint prematurely ? discloses its weakness under the above conditions. A person to whom this occurs will afterwards wonder to find if, as tho saying ; is, his dream came true, so much in advance of tbo wakingly conscious symptoms has been tbo revelation made while aotivo and vigilant consciousness was out . of tho way during Bleep. Of tho truth or inaccuracy of Dr Mauds ley's theory, or rather suggestion,, we shall not fetop to inquire. No doubt the subject will meet with- the attention which any proposition coming' from such an authority ought to receive.— Daily News, j ? ;? ' CiiEESB'!ANp Onions.— The. nutritive value of; -these artioles of, diet is scarcely approciatad as.it ought to be, . Both are highly nitrogenous. With rcgdrd to onions, their value is so woll understood in tho navy,, that in' tho list of rations they are considered Equivalent, in . nutritive valuo to. four ''tfoiia their 'weifcht of any other kind of vegetable. Cheese,' in nutritive valuo, equals. or exceods any single'1 article, of .dies.it is possiblo to name. Tbe one bbjection to cheese is that it is slow of diges tion ; but this defect may bo overcome by miuuto division, cooking, -'ccreful maatioation, and a proper mixture of'vogotablo food. Man (foj: very wise reasons) wasn't built until ;all othor thmgB were fioiBlied and pronounced good. If a man bpd' been mada fust, he wojld hav insisted upon 'bossing' the rest of the job. He probably would-have ofcjeoted to having enny little busy. ants at all, aud various othor objeckshuiiB would have been offered, equally green. I am ?glad tliat. man, ,wpz the last thing made. If man ?hadn't bin made -at all, you never would have heard ifae find enny fault with it. I haven't much faith in man, not bekause he can't do well, but bekaase he wont. — Josh Billings. ! A Cure for. American Blight. In my garden the apple and chorry trees have been nearly destroyed by Amorican blight, and I have tried all- tho remedies I could hear of without success. An experienced gardener told mo ho knew of no cure, but that ho had heard of a Scotchman using whisky. (Ho.w?) Thinking the inseots would not 'bo particular about the genuhie 'Mountain Dew,' 1 .tried last Juno methylated spirit,' ond no blight lias sinco appeared. If the brush used to clean the branches is kept moderately damp, so that the -piiit is not splashed about, a little will auswer tho purpose, and the expense is not great. I' found it also useful for cleaning insects off plum trees, and having a dog that a veterinary surgeon | failed to euro ,of mange, I tried tbe methylated | spirit on tbe dog, and it appears to mo to have ; cured it. — G. B. Moore, Plumstead, S. E. Something for Pata. — Miss Wilkins was a bonutifnl blonde, : and she wanted to go to Scars borough — so she told her mother — to look for something very particular for her dear papa. '' And what is it, pray,' asked her inother, ' that you so much, wish to find for your dear pnpa ?'!. '°A son in law,' was_, tho gentle reply of tbe blushing maiden. Alive in the Dead House.— Tlio San Francisco^ Alta Cali'ornian gives an account of ?the experience of a Gorman who was supposed to have died in that city, and whose body was immediately removed and placed in the dead house attachedi.to the hospital] in which he had been under treatment : — ' Tho body was deposited in a case where two other bodies had already been placed, and between thetn, Tho oover was put on and the. keeper. - of. tbo, dead- house- retired for. tho, night. About midnight n loud screaming and yelling of tbo most unearthly character was heard in the dead house. The keeper of tho dead house was sought after, but being aware of what he, was required to do, he sought concealment, preferring to let the ghost fight it j out among themselves 'rather than attempt to become peace.' maker.' -When at last ho wa3 prevailed . upon to proceed to the dead house and open the door, tbe ghostly form of the German, , whose - life hod been a few hours previously pronounced extinct, and. who had dressed in the robes of the dead,- stood before him. The keeper fainted- outright, ..while the terrified German pushed 'headlong, - through tho long halls and corridors of; the ..building, spreading' dismay and terror as lie went. Some, more courageous than tho rest., caught and. ariested him id' his frantic career,- and tbe next instant ; the j. poor German fell, on the floor in a( fit. * The physician was- sent for, and restoratives . used, .bj which : lie ', was restored to consciousness; How ho felt when he returned to consciousness We give as he told iti himself : — Veil, ,ven I got sick\and vas in bod' tbat day the doctor came to rne arid said I vas very sielc. Ho yen t away, and alter he vent 'I fell' asleep. I knew nothing more till -Ivdke in de eight, and there.vas no light.; I put out toy band and I coald get no bed clothes, for I, vas bold. I den jiut liijbiind to' . vone side to try for the bed clothes,- and och. vat you think .1 got— vy-a ded . man ! ' Defe ho vos, cold enough sure, I roared mid all the power I had, and; was going away by the other 'side, ven, sure,: I put my hand on another Then I roared, and - called, and cried out all I could, and ven 1 vas getting up tny head struck a board that was oovering me. ' Oh,' said I, .' vot does this mean, veVe 'am I? Am I ded ?' and I roared and buwlod, and threw off the cover and jumped about as if 1 vas mad And I knooked at the door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would open it for me, and I thought I was ded myself. I was not shure. Iliad tbe ded man's dress on me. At last the door opened, and ven I looked at tbo rban vat opened it he fell down mid fear, anil I ran till I was oaught. 'Thenl. fainted, and ven I come to myself I thought it was a dream, Butit is as true as I am here.' ' ' I-Iibernian Simplicity.— Molly, a honsemaid, is a model one, who handles the broomstick like a Bceptre, and wbo has an abhorrence of dirt and sympathy for soapsuds that amount to a passion. Sho is a buxom, hustling, busy, rosc-oheeked, bright eyed, blundering Hitemian, -who hovers about our book shelves, riiakes war upon - papers arid goes about thirsting for new worlds to oonquer in tbo shape of undusted arid' uririgbted coraers. One day she entered our library in a confusion,, and uncertain. riianner, quite difforent from her usual bustling- way. She stood at tbe door with a letter hetween.her thumb and finger, ivhich she held ot arm's lengthy - its if she had a'bomb shell in Her giasp, Iu answer to., our inquiries. as to. her business, she answered, ?' An' it plase yer honor. Paddy O'Reilly — and tbe better than him dosou't breathe iooiild Ireland — has been writin' of me a: letter— a love lettberj plaso your honor ; ' au — an^' ' Wo' guessed at her embarrassment,, and offered to -relieve it by reading, tbe letter1. Still she hesitated, while sho twisted a bit of raw cotton in her fingers. ' Shure,' she resumed, 'an' that's just what I want but it isn't a .gentleman liko yorself,. that would be knowing .. f,he ; secrets between us ; an* so ' — here she twisted the cotton quite nervously— ' if it'll only plase yer honor, while yer radeing it, so thai,, yq may not hear it yerself, if ye'U just put this bit of cotton in yer ear' an1 stop yer heariii':and'then; tbo secrets will be unknown to y c.'-— American Paper. ? ? :...' Matrjluonial Consolation. A: younger; brother bad ps'poused an old and ill tempered wifo, but extremely rich. He used to say — ' Whenever I find my' .temper giving way, I retire fd:my closet and console myself by reading hey murriogo., ? settlement.' Repartee. — A'riotorious toper used to mourn about not having a regular pair' of eyes— one being blaok-and the other alight hazel. 'It is lucky for you,' roplied his fried, 'for if your' eyes bad boen matches, your nose' would have set them on fire long ago;' Moving for a new trial. — Courting a second v?if«. Bread Imade from new sy8tom' of bread making is tho invention I we believe, of a Frenchman named Sezillo 't | us state, by way of preface, that, accord'in, I some .scent, fie men, the total amount „ indigestible' matter, or bran, in wheat «;„ ? more than from 4 to 5 per cent, of ',1^1°! ? by the present method of 'flour griridW ? i ' ' bred jjimmlary pert ot .b« (, „,ai . *;? The average quantity 0f what is 'caiy .' '' 1' ranee, -paia bis blanc, whitoly brown , household broad, is said to be 112 kiL :f ' 100 kilos, cf wheat'; M, Sezillo ' t, r°m obtain from 145 to 150 kilos, from loo'ldbi j wheat. This is an Economy of bn0 third ' o ' nearly so, and would,, according to the iriventor- ' : aaeount, savo in Prancd;alpne 25 'nii'lionsi f ' hectolitres of wheat per annum, A hectoiit™ :we 1,... -£ calculate what England, or: what t}10 ,MflJ '' would save, shpuld M. Sezille's plan turn outas admirable as U looks at first 'sight, and bo' '? universally adopted, Now. f9r tho WtLod 'itself ; which js divided into': three ; ^ucoessivo operations firstly, , the wheat' is plao^ , in a mush tub, or other - vtEselj with moro than sufficient , water toV coVci; ' it 'SD/' weH stirred .with a peel for some biiuutds', ; operation , all the over light or damaged grains, a,' well as dust and other impurities,: will rise to the surface, be dissolved, or held in ? suspension - iV tho end of half au hour the water 'is drawn'off and the wheat, having becn allowed to: drain, is - . afterwards piaced iii a cylinder of p]ate -lr'on .f/ pierced 'or worked, so as to have, the effect' of. a ' rasp, when made to revol ve, ? With the aid of the ^ ' cylinder, from 2 to 3per cent, ofthe outer peilio|e,' ' whioh is the coarser, is easily removed :? as to tho seeend skin, an'.l fnat in the crease or the grainj it only amounts to 2 per con't., and might all be left' ' in without injury to tbe nutritive. quality of the bread. Secondly; tho grain is now placed in a' vessel filled with, water, at a temperature, of 75 degrees Fahrenheit, in the proportion bf abotit two ' parts by weight of. water to one part of wheat,' so that thero shall be a certain quantity of Water above the; grain; to this water is to bo proVioWaiy added one part of half dry yeast, and five or eu ounces of glucose to 200 parts of „water. . Tha ' ; ferment in the water acts gradually upon tbo ' whoat, and, after immersion for 20 or 2.4' hours according to the nature of the grain and the tem' perature, the wheat will have absorbed from 50 to 70 per ccnt. of water, and he ready for purification, ' l'he water wilj now have become of a reddish color ? having axtracted an amount ? of the .coloring matter from tho remaining bran, and is allowed-to run off; thus another step is made towardstho bleaching of the dough. ? Thirdly, after the wheat has-been: again drained, it i3 made to pass t a rough one or more pairs of rollers, and,^ being of the consistenco of cheese, it is easily reduced to ' ? a paste ; by this operation tbo bran, ofthe second ;, skin has become excessively ; finely divided.'and equally mixed throughout the wholo inasa. Thia: beiiig doue, and tho dough placsd iu a trouglii the -proper- aiij'oun t of salt i .to, give flavor'. to bo '. bread is dissolved in water- and poured over tbo dough, and, should, the wheat have - not absorbed' inore'than 20 per cent of water, 15 to 20 per cent more is now.to .be added, and the ? whole is well mixed by being turned over two or three times by hand. Tho dough is now treated ia the ordinary way, rolled and made up into lumps, and left to ferment until the right moment for putting it into ' the oven. — T/te Food Journal ? ' - , . A RemareArle TRAaEDT.-T-On Sunday morn 1 irig last, aocor.ding to a 'report in ie.GauZoiSj soma t. peasants found, in the grounds of tbe Yilla ' Tie'ssere, .in the .Valley of Montogat, near Nice,: ' a young' vvo'man bleeding and inseusible,1 ,'. She .. . was, removed to ,;the town, but expired before: . ; reaching it. Prom 'hor -statements ; and othor . ... jnformatiop it. appears that she was the daughter: pf a bookseller, arid herself c. brilliant pianists, , wbo daring the winter months resided at Nioe. She there made tbe acquaintance of a man named Morplain,. . and ,-a ' close intimacy sprang, up between; tbeip;' the mari being 34 and , the young . wouiati 29 years/^pf age.:. The: latter, Mdfle.do Hauteriiie,. becatifo apprehensive' that/ ber .'ifathe^ would' discoptinuc the: .allowance, he. hadteni, accustomed ^to^make, and Morplaia^being withouj, ( refiources, tbey determined to put an end to their;, ? anxieties by terminating their' existence., Accord; , ing to the statement of the. dying, . woman the left Nice witli ber'oompanion.* ' 'It1 was,' she' iwJi ' i ' our last night. .We took with us a : pbiiil of laudunuai, a revolver, and' a swbrdstick. Wo chose this as tho best spot for our purpose.'' ? Wo male abed with our outer garments,' laitljupon ; tbe moss. We' slept till , daybreaks ' We bad ^ propareil everything, and at seven o'elo'eK'came ? tho adieu. I hud taken .off my white, petticoat, which Morplaip hung upon . tlio . branches, a tree, ' Wo' drank the 'laudanum.' , We siiSered . much, b,u,t we could not die., Morplain soil) to me, . ' I can ; bear it no longer ; I shall 'bio, w Out Diy, -brainsi': , -I 'cried, out that I:W0uId .,n0t-ba.'Wk ? alone with his 'corpse,' and I said, * Shoot , b8 here,'; pointing- to the. spot where a gaping wound in her breast was visible. I did riot wish to ba ditfijjured, und I entreated him to aim' the'8. He fired point blank.' The correspondent of tho Gaulois a elds, that the statement is verified by the facta olitlie,. oheuilse being .burnt , aDd the skin blacken|ed by the powder. '^MorplaiD. . . pdded the dying: r woman, '.shot .himself tbroupli M head, and yon will find him lying yonder.. 8 feiired a failtirp, arid you will sae that fieyet ill , liis,pi)igiiard iii his hand. I did not /eel f . Iiui't st; first, and I managed to walk hi leaning upon tho case of the sword stick, _? body of the man was discovered in tlie his unhappy companion bad described, an ^ removed to Nioe, where a judicial inquiry . opened: — Echo, May 20. ? — , LJr intod inVd Pu bli si ie d liy tho PropriotorH, , Campbell and Josui'ii Hart, at 1 , . waiiiia JIercuiiy, beiiural Lcttor Press Oflico, corner ot the Market-squa -o, Wollosgoni Illawarra, on Tuesday, J uly l'Jtb, loi « 