UNDER THE SPELL. Bl AREDERIC c WILLIAM RBOINSON. CIIAPTER VII. EDmUt- LAI:FEORD kept his word the next day, and made the amenede honorable to Mr. Gurnett.' He worked hard with his brother Nathan at the Medea of Euripides; and, although he did not take the shine out of him, as he had threatened over night, yet he construed with credit to himself, and stifled his yawns with the cover of his book when Medea or Jason was more than usually prolix. Willie Lanceford, exempt from the task master, sauntered into the class-room, criti cally observed the bay-window and the bal cony from which Edmund had dropped, and wondered if he could do it himself without putting his shoulder out; looked at Edmund, who returned his wicked glance before he dived into Euripides again; went to the stable to have a little talk with Jemmy, who was "'out of sorts," and not inclined for conversation; finally strayed into the library and wrote a long letter to his mother, fixing the day when he might be expected at Uncle Pembercast's and dashing off a short letter to Harry Perks, beginning, Dear Hary with one r! That Saturday was a dull day for Willie Lanceford ; his brothers were working hard, under Mr. Gurnett, and his father kept to his study all day, and only appeared at din ner-time. At dinner Willie very coolly broached the subject of church, in conformity with his promise to Ned on the preceding night. "You and Nathan were bad hands at your devotions the last half I spent here," said he; "I hope you have both turned over a new leaf since Christmas." "Mr. Gurnett has taught Nathan better behaviour, at least," remarked the sire. "Ah ! I am afraid Master Nathan tries to please me more than himself," remarked Mr. Gurnett with a glance at his favourite scholar. "Not at all, Mr. Gurnett," answered Nathan; "I don't dislike church, though I object to bad preachers. Now the Reverend Martin Boucher has no fire in him." "Hark at Nathan ! " cried Edmund ; "no fire in him. he savs ! " " Well, I suppose I have a right to ex press my objections, though I am not so fiery an individual as Edmund Lanceford Esq.," returned Nathan, sharply. " Certainly," was Edmund's answer, " and when you take to the pulpit, perhaps you will surprise us all." "Whatever I take to I will work at with a will," said Nathan. " Hear, hear ! " "When were you at church last, Ed mund?" asked Willie. "0! I went with Mr. Lanceford last last Christmas, I think ! " Mr. Lanceford smiled. "You are inclined to be severe upon us, this evening, Edmund." "Not at all, sir." " Well, Edmund will go to church with me," said Willie, the artful; " and as Mr. Boucher is of a sleepy turn, why we'll rise early and walk to Dorchester church. You are not afraid of five miles, Edmund ?" "Not I." "Will you join me then?" " To be sure I will." "So will I," said Nathan, "and perhaps Mr. Gurnett-" "Thank you," said Mr. Gurnett; "but ten miles before dinner would be rather too much for me. Besides, there is fire enough in the Reverend Mr. Boucher for your humble servant." "It's so long since I have had a good walk," said Nathan, "that if Edmund will promise to walk steadily, I'll join him and Willie to-morrow morning." "I make no rash promises," said Ed mund shortly; "you're a bad walker too, and we shall have to step out." "We'll start a little earlier and take it easy." Edmund made no reply : Nathan's unex pected offer had disturbed the plans of these two young conspirators, and they could not decline the honour of Nathan Lanceford's company without arousing the suspicion of their sire, who sat there listening to their conversation, and thinking perhaps what a hannv father he was. Edmund contrived to make it as late as possible on the following morning before he was ready to start for Dorchester; and Nathan did not make his appearance at the breakfast-table, which Edmund, Willie, and Mr. Gurnett had all to themselves. " It's impossible to wait for him," said Edmund; "he should have risen ear lier." "I think I would just give him a call," suggested Mr. Gurnett; " he's a sensitive lad, and it is more easy to wound the feel ings than offer the balm afterwards." "0! hang his feelings," said Edmund; " I can't waste time running up stairs after them. It will be too late to accompany us now.. Look alive, Willie." " Suppose I--" began Willie, .whose conscience began to prick him concerning Nathan. " It's impossible to wait," said Edmund; "we shall be late now. Good-morning, Mr. " Good-morning, young gentlemen," was the reply; " may the sermon at Dorchester teach you a lesson of charity." Two minutes afterwards Edmund and Willie Lanceford were on their way to Dor chester, walking at a brisk pace across the fields. A fair summer's morning-a fresh breeze stirring the green leaves-the birds in full song, and a cloudless heaven above -them. " We were rather hard on Nathan," said Willie. "It was his own fault, the sluggard," answered Edmund; " besides, any church will do for him, and only one for me. Step out, Willie." "Mind, you promised to point her out to me." "All right, Willie." " And she is very pretty ? " "Rather," was Edmund's emphatio re ulv. "And you'll-" " There, that's enough, Willie," inter rupted his brother; "please to step out, or we shall be very late." Edmund set the example; and away the brothers strode through the fields, over the rustic stiles, and down the green lanes, fin ishing off with a- short out across some pri vate meadows, where once a red-faced farmer shouted to them to come bark-a request responded to by a peculiar masonic sign, which Edmund had picked up from the sta ble-boys-and once an ill-tempered bull, with a horizontal tail, turned them from the direct route, and chased them through a gap in the hedge. But they were in sight of Dorchester at last; and Edmund, consult. ing his watch, discovered it was twenty minutes past eleven. " Late after all !" said Edmund. " Well, it serves us right. Come on." "0 ! isn't it hot? Nathan would not have cared to walk to church at this rate," said Willie, taking off his glossy silk hat, and carrying it under his arm. " We should have knocked him up," said Edmund. "Don't you feel well, Willie?" " Rather tight about the waistcoat, Ned,'? said Willie; "nothing more. That con founded bull's fault, not yours. Don't walk any slower for me; I can keep up to Dor. chester." Edmund slackened his pace, however,, and:'. the half-brothers proceeded at a more. lei-. surely rate down one of those avenues of trees which lead the traveller so pleasantly,. into the ancient town. They were close upon the town, when Ed. mund buret forth with, "look there, Willie't By all that's vexatious, there's Nathan "o:. Nathan's ghost." " Not Nathan's ghost surely, for ghosts dd - not seek refuge from the sun on the shay, side of the tree, or lean their backs asg ?st- - the trunk and read pocket-volumes of SIhak~e-~i ,' peare on a Sunday morning before entering: the church. "If this isn't stealing a march upon ls?, - Ned, I'm hanged! " said Willie. Nathan looked up as they advanced. = " What a time you have been, to be sur., Ned.": " "Where did you spring from?" ask?d Ned, rudely. "I thought I had left youiit. bed at the Limes." ~" "Why, didn't I promise to join you i?e (" this wild-goose expedition ? "' said Nathan.si.. "and didn't you threaten to walk too fa$" for me and throw me into a stirfeite' Ha! ha! I thought I would take it Basy;, and leave you for the rear-guard. Do yoe? know it is nearly half-past eleven ?" " Yes. Why didn't you go into church? " What, by myself?" said Nathan, with ':- ? a look of alarm. "Why nobody knot's ? me here. I shouldn't like to go in by my , self." Meanwhile Willie had caught sight of the title of the book which Nathan was dropping into his pocket. "Shakspeare, Nat?" cried Willie. " That's a nice companion for Sunday." Nathan coloured; but he answered quickly " A companion for all time." "I did not know you were so fond of Shakspeare as all that," said Edmund, " al though I have caught you once or twice-at Romeo and Juliet." " It's half-past eleven," said Nathan, hurriedly; "come on. Who's lagging be hind now?" And Nathan, who was inclined to be tall, put his long legs out to some purpose, and was the first to reach the front door of St. Peter's Church, where he stopped neain. "I say," he whispered, "don't let us enter now. It's so precious late, and they're all so quiet!" "You're as nervous as old Gurnett," said Edmund, pushing him aside. "Out of the way, Sir Nathan Spoon." Edmund passed into the old church of St. Peter's, and Willie and Nathan followed in his steps. The Litany was being read; the church was full of people; the pew opener was nowhere to be seen; and the brothers Lanceford stood in the middle aisle waiting to be paid a little attention. Pre sently Nathan, who was not quite at his ease, let his hat drop with a crash on the stones, at which two little boys on a form near the, door began to gurgle inwardly and turn blue. Edmund was loooking daggers at his bro ther, when the pew.opener slid from behind a pillar, touched his arm, and went down the aisle, followed by the three Lancefords. Room for one only in the pew, to which Edmund was conducted, and Willie and Nathan trotted round the church, the latter very red in the face with suppressed excite ment. "I wish we hadn't come. Oh!" and crash went Nathan's hat again. "What do you keep dropping your hat for ?" cried Willie, in an indignant whisper. But Nathan had slunk into a free-seat; an action that seemed so worthy of imitation on the part of Willie, that he followed his brother's example just at the moment as his conductor had found a vacant seat and opened the door of the pew to admit him. I am afraid Willie thought more of the result of this five miles' walk to St. Peter's church than of the prayers which were impressively delivered from the pulpit facing him. Here he was out adrift from Brother Ned, and with no chance of seeing Brother Ned's sweetheart, placed side'by side-he a' Lanceford!-with a palsy-stricken old woman, who kept taking snuff from a horn on the sly, and dropping half of every pinch on his best black trousers. There was Nathan also, three rows in advance of him, and totally disregardful of time and place, trying to make him understand by dumb motions that there was room for another on his seat, and when frowned down by Willie, craning his neck over his poorer brethren in search of Edmund. It took some time for Willie to get cool; less time, perhaps-for he was not an irrev erent boy, despite his father's and brother's example-to remember the place wherein he was, and the duty that lay before him. Still, despite the best intentions of William Ernest Lanceford, fate was against him that memorable Sunday. The first psalm was given out, and the congregation had risen, when Nathan suddenly appeared advancing on tiptoe towards Willie. " Can't you behave yourself in a place of worship ?" cried Willie, sotto voce. " Here's a go, Willie !" whispered Nathan. " Who would have thought of this happen ing?" "What happening?" "Look in the pew near the pillar to the right," said Nathan. "What does it all mean?" The psalm began, and Willie glanced in the direction indicated by Nathan's out stretched finger. Willie could account for Nathan's excitement then, for he gave a slight jump backwards himself, that took the old lady next him unawares, and sent the snuff out of her horn.by wholesale. ' You ought to be ashamed of yourself, a big boy like you ! " she muttered. But Willie did not hear her; he was glancing over the pews to the figure standing by the pillar the tall figure of his father! What did Mr. Lanceford's presence there indicatoe? and whom did it threaten ? Mr. Lanceford was a man fond of his ease, and not partial to churches; something out of the common must have brought that gentleman from the Limes to divine worship in St. Peter's church, Dorchester. Still he stood by the pillar, softly singing the psalm to himself, and keeping his eyes fixed upon the book, to all appearances quite unconscious of his children's propinquity. Nathan went back to his place, whence he kept his distended eyes on his father, till the psalm was ended and Mr. Lanceford had sat down and got out of visual range. Even then, Nathan's behaviour was repre hensible, for he kept rising suddenly to his feet, and looking across the pews towards the apparition that had so disturbed his equanimity; and not all the taps on his shoulder, from a shocked old villager at the back, could keep him in his seat. Willie re-opened his prayer-book, and, after one glance round the church in search of an invisible Edmund, attempted to com pose his thoughts again. But there was no rest for the Lancefords. A few minutes be fore the sermon, there was a sudden bustle in the pew at the side of Willie, and a young lady looking pale and ill was assisted out by a tall, stern old lady, evidently her mother. Leaning on her mother's arm, the girl passed down the aisle, and through the doors at the end of the church into the sun shine, and the pew-opener, scenting fees, scuttled swiftly after her. Click-another pew-door was opened on the opposite side, and then Edmund Lanceford strode down the aisle in the wake of the ladies. As the outer doors banged rather noisily behind him, Nathan began signalising to Willie, who, not fully comprehending him, tried to frown his brother into more decent be haviour. Willie was bursting with curiosity himself, but he retained his seat, and wished Nathan to do the same. He could not help wondering why Edmund had left the church, whether he had seen his father, or whether the young lady who turned so white a moment since had had anything to do with it. Could it have been Edmund's sweetheart after all? did he-click. The minister in the pulpit, who had begun his sermon, and the reverent flock below who were becoming disturbed by these frequent interruptions, could not re frain from a quick glance in the direction of this fresh noise. It seemed very strange people could not sit still that morning; the heat was not oppressive; was it something in the air, or was it, thought the nervous curate over his MS., something in the ser mon? A second gentleman leaving the church, tripping softly along on tiptoe, and passing noiselessly into the streets of Dor chester. Fresh signalising to Willie, who knew as well as Nathan the name of the gentleman who had thus hastily left St. Peter's. More trouble to Willie's mind-was Edmund likely to be found out?-what would be the result of Mr. Lanceford's discovery ?-what objection could Mr. Lanceford have to his brother Edmund forming an honourable at tachment? Then came the sudden thought that if any trouble were hanging over Edmund Lanceford's head, he had been the cause, for he had suggested this visit to Dorchester, and had in his simple cunning aroused the suspicions of his father. And perhaps, even now, Edmund and his father had met outside the church and were ex changing angry words; perhaps-O! he couldn't sit there-the sermon was doing him no good, for he. was not listening to a word of it-where was his hat? and let him be off! A'snatch at his little silk hat, and then Willie Lanceford making all haste out of church ;- a noise in the free-seats in advance, add then Nathan, alarmed at being left there alone, scrambling from his place, running down the aisle, running back for his hat, which in his hurry be had forgotten, and then once more chasing the receding figure of his younger brother. There were many people in the church that morning who had recognised the Lancefords, and who re turned home after service to speak of their eccentricities and set them down as all mad together. And, as. they were not in the secret,: was it a matter for wonderment that they were at a loss to account for the singular behaviour of the great family at the Limes ? Willie' was standing bare-headed in the middle of the road, looking vacantly up and down the street, when his brother Nathan joined him. "Why couldn't you keep quiet till the service was over ?" cried Willie, in dignantly. "I didn't want to stop," replied Nathan. " I would not be left there all by myself for any money." "You have behaved disgracefully," said Willie. "And you have been a pattern of pro priety," rejoined Nathan. "What a stroke of ill-luck I have had!" "'And what a sun- stroke you will have if you don't put your hat on," mildly observed Nathan. " Don't stand laughing there, sir," cried Willie, fiercely. "You cannot tell what may be the upshot of this. You, who haven't any warm blood, in you, don't care, per haps." "All the warm blood in me don't rush to my head and make me foolish," 'said Nathan, gravely; "and when there is any thing to care about, then will be your time to accuse me of want of feeling." And Nathan Lanceford, full of dignity, turned in the direction of home. Willie looked after him irresolutely, then put on his hat and went after him. "Nathan," said he, frankly, "you're right, and I am wrong. There is nothing for you to care about, for there is nothing you understand." "Perhaps I can guess," said Nathan, drily. " At all events, Nat, it is nothing you take an interest in, 'or I am very much mis taken." "You are," was the quiet rejoinder. "What do you mean ?" "There is not one at the Limes who understands, or cares to understand me," said Nathan, in his usual quiet manner, and without the least excitement. "I'm the dull, plodding, phlegmatic member of the family, having the feelings of the oyster, and rather less than that mollusoa's affee tion. No one, save Mr. Gurnett in school hours, thinks of studying me, offering me his loye,-showing towards me any confi dence." i But--" " But I am to blame ns well as the rest of you," said Nathan. "Well, don't think I am grumbling. If anything were to disturb the current of my life, I dare say you and Nod would come out in true colours; and when it is your turn to feel the shock of the storm-and yours or Nod's may come first -then you may judge me better than now." " Why, you are not jealous of Edmund's affection for me, Nat ?" "I'm not of a jealous nature, Willie," said Nathan. "The oyster, you know, is not of an excitable temperament. Shall we walk on to the Limes ? " " There is nothing else to do," said Willie ; " I cannot son Edmund or papa, and home's the word! Do you know, Nat, I would toll you about this-this affair, only I have pledged my word to Ned." "I wouldn't have you break it for the world," was the answer. The rest of the walk to the Limes was spent in silent meditation. Nathan put his hands into his pockets and trudged along with his gaze directed to the dusty road; and Willie, bewildered by the late exhibition on Nathan's part, found his companion dis turhing his thoughts as much as the brother lie had loft behind in Dorchester. Willie's conscience was troubling him. He had no more thought of studying Nathan than his eldest brother had ; lie had set Nathan down for a quiet, studious youth, who liked to be left to himself, and lie had only paid him attention when desirous of making him the victim of a practical joke. Natlihn was a timid follow,-" a great girl! "-his pur suits were unakin to his brothers'; and so lie had been left to drift his own way. The youths were within a mile of the Limes, when Mr. Lanceford, on horseback, rode up to his children. "You are early from church, lads," said he, shaking his whip in a playfully reproach ful manner at them. " He who deserts the sanctuary for the world, will find no peace of mind when the world turns against him !" And with this noble sentiment, Mr. Lance ford rode on. CHAPTER VIII. Edmund Lanceford did not make his re appearance at the Limes during that long Sunday-the Lancefords and Mr. Gurnett dined without him. No mention was made of his name, and no expression of surprise at his absence escaped the lips of the head of the family. It was a dull Sunday enough, despite Mr. Lancoford's efforts to sustain the conversation. His children were thoughtful, and Mr. Gurnett was more nervous than usual. Nathan went early to bed, and Willie, unable to sit still and listen to a deep argument between the tutor and his father, gave up at last, and imitated Nathan's example. He would lie awake and wait for Edmund's passing his room, as le had done on the Friday preceding. He was sure he would be able to keep awakelto till Ned should come home and toll him the news; but our faith in ourselves always deceives us, and William Earnest was deep in dream-land long before the wanderer stole along the corridor, and listened for a moment outside his door. Mr. Lanceford and Mr. Gurnett continued their argument, and quoted a great many Greek authors after Willie had retired, and brought forth every authority, ancient and modern, to bear for and against their own peculiar views. It was a strange argument; what chain of ideas had brought the subject to the sur face perhaps neither of them know; or possibly one of them sitting there, sipping quietly his wine, knew to the letter, and had his motive for. "Then we conclude according to the old rule, each unconvinced by the other's reason ing ?" said Mr. Lanceford, with a smile. Mr. Gurnett looked up surprised. "Really, Mr. Lanceford, I thought I had made you a convert to my opinions." "To the opinions of one who believes not in repentance-who sides against the teach ings of a book he professes to have studied all his life-the bible ! " "My dear sir," responded Mr. Gurnett, with excitement, " you are wilfully mistaking me-you cannot have paid so little attention to my words. I repeat that there is nothing in the bible to assure me a man can live in sin, and yet be bitterly repentant for the evil that that sin has caused, and is caus ing." "It is possible." "It is impossible! " "There is an end to argument," said Mr. Lanceford, shrugging his shoulders in true French fashion ; " will you pass the Madeira Mr. Gurnett? " "Will you answer me one more question, Mr. Lanceford ?" "Ah! here comes the irresistible home thrust. Proceed." "You are a man of the world, have seen much of its practice, and gathered therefrom much experience. Have you ever met in the world the inconsistent character which you defend ?" Mr. Lanceford drank his Madeira, paused a. moment, then answered, ." yes." " He is deceiving yos and himself." "I think not," responded Mr. Lanceford. "I have known this man some years now, and I pledge my word for his honour and good faith. I grant that he has sinned, that even in the shallow opinion of many is still sinning; but I believe that man to be thoroughly repentant. The evil he has caused, he has striven by a hundred different ways to repair. Those who have suffered by his act have beeoon directly or indirectly bene fited." "Good heavens, sir! did they accept bene fits at his hand? " "They were poor." "They were not honest, or they would have died in their poverty and made no sign ! " The world is scarce of heroes." " It is not short of honest men, thank God !" "Nor prudent ones." Those rejoinders were flashed rapidly back wards and forwvards, the answer was quick on the lip, and both men were not as calm as usual. "They believed in his repentance, for they fattened on his infamous bounty," said Mr. Gurnott; "and I presume their protest ations have even misled you." S"In this case, no," said Mr, Lannceford "for the man of whom I speak does good by stealth, and would ' blush to fild it fame.' " ,Mr. Gurnott shook his head doubtfully, though lie replied: " Grant it Ie so. The man is wealthy and can afford to lavish his money on those lie has cast in the dust. Generosity is not repentance; such a man hugging still the sin to his heart cannot believe it himself." " What would you have him do ? " "Cast away his sin first, and then turn to God." DMr. Lanceford laughed. "To cast away the sin, as you term it, may be, for what you or I know, Mr. Gur nett, to cast away some faithful woman whose only hope is in the sinner, and to add one more to the crowd of the forsaken in our streets. Generosity may not be repent ance, as you wisely say; but neither is bo trayal." " He can provide for her." " He can break her heart in a fashionable way, sans deout." " How many hearts linhas lihe broken, and lives shadowed by his sin, that lihe should stop at only one in his repentance ? " "That one may boe-hut there is no con vincing you, Mr. Gurnott," he added, a little poetulantly; " and you will pardon me, but you lose your temper in a controversy." "Your pardon if I have done so," replied Mr. Gurnott; "but I am of an excitable temperament, and fool and express myself warmly when an argument interests me. I trust I have said nothing to offend." "Nothing," responded Mr. Lanceford, courteously; "I reason coldly, for my blood runs rather sluggishly in debate, whilst you speak as if the cause which you defend were your own." Mr. Gurneott turned hastily away from the keen glance of his employer, and reached out a shliking hand for the decanter. His nerves wore not at his command that night, for the decanter and glass clinked together noisily. "You reason in the true spirit, however," added Mr. Lanceford; "it is the energy of the soul that gives life to argument, to books, to canvasn, and lacking that, we do nothing well. Hark ! I hear l Mr. Edmund Lance ford, I think." "Surely not," said Mr. Gurnett, listening attentively. iMr. Lanceford rang the bell, and the foot man responded. " Has not Mr. Edmund just returned ?" "Yes, sir. He has gone straight to his room." "My oars are qaicker than your own, Mr. Gurnett," said he, as the door closed behind the servant ; "you see, I am some times in the right." "I did not think when we sat down this evening," said Mr. Gurnett, "that we should have discussed so strange a topic, and forgotten him of whom we are both anxious." " H has not been out of my mind a sin gle instant," said Mr. Lanceford; "he has given point to my words and force to my reasoning. I see him in the future either repentant for sin, or standing Ajax-like amidst that lightning which has scathed every happiness- weak as his mother, or hard as his sire." " Hard ! " repeated Mr. Gurnett.' "0! sir, I fear you have been too lenient." "I am lenient in little things-to be al ways an impertinent meddler in one's chil dren's pleasures, cur bonos !" said he. " When the great shock comes, it is time to be great to resist it." "May I ask if you have settled on any plan since your discovery of this morning, Mr. Lanceford ?" "My plans have been mapped out many years-I never swerve from them." Mr. Lanceford's face wore no longer its easy, mild expression; it was a now counte nance that Mr. Gurnett had not seen before. He could not believe, sitting there and ner vously regarding it, that the smoothcehoeeks, the soft grey eyes, the womanly red lips be longing to it, could all have changed so settled down, as it were, to an iron determi nation, that nothing in the world could soften. Was it even the same voice that went on steadily and coldly : "As in a map I have laid out my chil dren's lives, broadly and fairly, and not compelled to take this petty path, or that little vexatious road, when others might serve their turn, and mine as well. But there are plain facts therein, and those I shall insist on with all the power at my command. What has happened to Edmund Lancetord has been prepared for, as a mat ter of course, Mr. Gurnott. It is the uni versal complaint; but it is cured by skilful hands with simple remedies. It is made a great deal of in poems and novels; but only bunglers by their own mistakes make much of it in life. It will happen to Nathan pro bably, to William Ernest undoubtedly; and it will be my task to watch the progress of the disease, and crush it out as speedily as possible." The wine-glass in his hand shivered as he spoke, and lie threw the pieces into the grate, and looked coolly at the damage done to his white fingers. " Hasty marriages are the worst of evils," said Mr. Gurnett; " a low attachment is but the beginning of trouble; but still there are cases, there are- " " Thie exceptions to the rule have nothing to do with the Lancefords." "And he is not a youth of very deep feeling-he will easily forgot," said Mr. Gurnott. "I am not so sure of that," said Mr. Lancoford in reply. " He is not of a persevering nature; there is a considerable amount of indecision in his character." "True--but while the spell lasts, he is dangerous." "And you are quite certain, Mr. Lance ford, that this engagement- if it be an en gRagomont-is contrary to your plans for his future? Though I have already given him a lecture myself on the subject, yet I am not quite certain that an early marriage would be the worst thing for a youth like Edmund." "The lives of my childron are mapped out, Mr. Gurnott. Ihavo already told you so." " But--but, sir, it is impossilble to map their future out according to your wishes it is above the power of any man." "I will do my best," said Mr. Lanceford, with a faint smile, noas hlie rose; "if they would boar my name and share my patri mony, they must follow my behests. I am not the worst of fathers." And, hugging that conceit to his bosom, Mr. Lancoford hado eMr. Gurnott good-night, and wont up to his solitary chambor. In tlhe dosolatonoss of that apartment, in its ompty splendour vibrating no more with the voice of his lost wives, was there anything to stool him still more in his purpose, to warn him of the danger of rash marrige.s, and keep lis eyes upon thie great map which ho foolish theorist - had lined out for his sons? It the map drawn by the Great Hand had eoon unrolled at that moment, as he stood there in his chamber, the true tortuous map of those children's lives in the time to come, when his will should be strong, but his hands should be powerless, he might have knelt and prayed at that instant-he who never prayed !-that succh a blow to all his hopes and pride and fatherly affection would be mercifully spared him. CHAPTER IX. The sun was shining, and the flowers were blooming in a garden a little way from Dorchester. A fair garden of some extent, possessing winding pathls, an ivied summer house, a smooth green lawn, and a fountain that sparkled gaily in the sunlight. Two ladies were engaged in fancy gardening at a side border; the younger, a dark-haired, dark-eyed girl of seventeen, busily training and trimming a roseo-bush into shape; the elder, a very thin and groy-haired lady, with an inflexible bnclr, standing by her side, and receiving into a garden- basket superfluous twigs and rose-leaves that had had their day and withered. It was a graceful figure bonding over the rose-bush, and it was a bright, spoeaking face that shook itself away from the raven ringlets, and looked up at last from tlle shadow of the garden-hat. "You do cnot find this tiresome occupation, mamma ?" shoe asked. " Not so tiresome as warm, my dear," re sponded mamma, who hold a silk umbrella over her head. " Flowers are pretty things enough at proper timnes and seasons; blut at midday, Cicoly, in tihe dog-days, I think Distance lends onohantment to the view." Cicoly laughed. "But it is a beautiful day, and a few more weeks will see us many miles from the roses." " Are you sorry to return to London ?" "N-no, mamma." "I fancied that I heoard something like a sigh," said the mother, looking steadily at her through her gold-framed spectacles; "and we mustn't begin the 'sighing like four nacoe' at seventeen years of ago, my child." " Why, mamma, what have Ito sigh for ? Everything I wish lies around me, and my mother never turns aside with a ' no.' " " Perhaps if she turned a little more often, Cicoely," replied tlie mother, "she would be doing her duty. But 0! that only child, what a trouble it is! " "And what sorrow and affliction yours has broueht you !" "Don't be satirical, Mies Mernott," was the reply ; " it is not the sharp answer that turneoth away wrath. And so a mother is everything to be wished when she never says ' no.' " "She is sure to be loved, at least," said Cicely. "She may raise up rivals to her own love and happiness by not uttering that little monosyllable," said Mrs. Morriott, " for 'great events from little causes spring.' If I had said ' no' to our foolish expedition on horseback, your life would not have been perilled by that runaway mare, or saved by that young man who calls so often to inquire after your health." The fair daughter of Mrs. Mernott paid closer attention to the rose-bush. " He will not take my word that you are quite well now; and, indeed, my dear, I think he throws great discredit on yours, by persisting in these inquiries. I wonder, Cicely, if there be a time close at hand whoen your no-or yes-will influence all your life." " 0 ! mamma, you don't think Mr. Ford cares anything for me?" murmured the daughter. "You /don't think I-I I-" " Care anything for Mr. Ford ?-certainly not," added Mrs. Mernott. "You receive him with great frigidity of demeanour, never blush when lhe arrives, and are never thoughtful when he departs,-you, my dear Cicely, exhibit all that prudence, womanly reserve, and command of the feelings for which sweet seventeen has always been remarkable." " 0 ! mamma, who is satirical now ? " " My dear Cicely, nature endowed me with a sharp tongue, and I had no mother to check me in my youth," was the reply. "The world has called me in my time a severe and bitter woman." " The world was wrong." "Well, if I have not been a severe and bitter mother, perhaps the reason lies in having a child worthy to be loved and potted -a gentle loving child, with a heart too impressionable foor that world I was alluding to just now. Have you finished garden ing?" " Yes.") "Come into the summer-house, Cicoly. I wish to speak to you." The girl rose, rested her hand upon her mother's arm, crossed the lawn, and passed withl her silently into the summer- house. Under the dark ivy leaves, trailing over tlo lattice-work above them, ithe mother spoike -one arm, with all a mothellor's fondness, round the nodek of the only daughter. "Your mother las never had thelo reputa tion of being a dull-witted woman," shoe began, " and lhas seen more of life than most of her sex. Your mother don't begin to find lher faculties growing weake, thoughl sle hlas given up tlhe study of human nature nearly elevonyearsnago. And slhe can guess how thie story will enod of a oomantic girl and that of a young man who stops her run away lh res like thie hero of thie last novel when thie young man comes often to thie maiden, and even hlis footfill on the gravel walk outside brings the blush to that maid on's cheeotks. WVoll, well, Cicely, have I a right to regret the coming of this robbor in thie oerly morning, now your heanrt is young ? I am a little of thie philosopher, cand take thle good andi ill thie gods provide witll com posuoo. I canoi say it is well, and I am con tent, for I shall not leave the irorlt writh a daughter fightinig single- hlanded thIe battle of life,. I mally lhavre wishelod a differont m for your ftilure hlnsbaod, may lhave sketclheld thle coming man, ' in my mind's eye, Horatio; ' but still I sit me domwn and cry peace be with you bothl " "0 1 mother, always good and kind," murmured the girl, " may not all this be very premature ?-may not you heo mistaken in the reasons for Mr. Ford's visits to our cotta ieo?" "WhVlat! do you think he comes after me, Cicoly ? " Cicely laughed through some incompro honsiblo tears. " Not exactly that, mamma," she said, in a hesitating manner; " but I don't think we have a right to talk like this. I-I haven't thought of anything like this myself. Io may be fond of me-just a little ! and I am -that is of course I am grateful for-for the courage that saved me from a serious fall." "But, my dear child, supposing that Mr. Ford made you an offer of his hand, you would- " " 0 ! mamma," cried Oicoly, " you are too prematuro! " " Well, my dear child, if we have taken time by the forelock, what harm have we done ? You and I can speculate on impossi ble futures without lotting our sanguine temperaments turn our brains the wrong way. You and I are mother and daughter in earnest." Cicely looked up inquiringly. " Mother and daughter now- a-days don't know what confidence means, and are no longer the companions and friends of old timn. Each has her pursuits, friends, plea sures, in a world of frivolity; and there is little time for the affections to strike root. But you and I, Cicoly, have boon companions all our lives." " Yes." " And whoever claims your hand-Mr. Ford or not Mr. Ford-shall not say I have boon the worst of companions and friends; shall not say oven, I have given him a por tionless bride, however much he may despise the means by which that portion was earned." "If he daro- ! " cried Oicoly, with a glowing cheek. "Well, if he dare ?" " He will never take Cicoly Mernott for better for worse." "Alh! child, you are an enthusiast. You must not be too particular in those times." Cicoly sat still burning with indignation; facing perhaps an imaginary accuser, stand ing there by the fountain, and fancying she annihilated him with glances from the brightest of eyes. Despise her mother's past profession ! " O, the villain ! " doubling her little fists; "lot him but whisper it even to his heart*, that's all! " An elderly woman hobbled towards them down the garden path, looking messages or arrivals. The desire to save old ago too many stops, or the impulse of youth anxious for news-possibly the latter just at that moment-caused Cicoly to forestall matters by springing up and running to moot her. " It's no one for you, Miss," said the old woman, with a meaning smile that.brought the colour to Cicely's chooks ; " it's a gentle man wishes to see your mamma." Mrs. Mnornott had quickm ears; she had heard the words of her landlady from the summer-liouso, and was already advancing towards her. " A gentleman to see me, Mrs. Pike ?" "Yes, ma'am. He gave me his card; but I don't know where I put it in my flurry." She turned the contents of a stocking shaped pockot into a checked apron, and picked the card at last from a melange of keys, thimbles, bits of biscuit, and trades men's bills. " Here it is, ma'am.' You'll excuse cereo mony." Mrs. Mernott settled her spectacles more firmly, and road, under the crest of the tiger aud mace, the name of Mr. Edmund Har lington Lanceford. " Some mistake, Mrs. Pike," she said; " I have not the pleasure of this gentleman's acquaintance. Stay," she added with a sudden change of colour as she read the name again; "I will see him. Where is he ? " "In the back drawing-room, ma'am." "Will you wait in the summer-house till my return, Cicely ? " "0 ! I must not neglect my roses," said Cicely. "You will find me very busy when you return." Cicoly intended to be very busy; but her mother's thoughts had disturbed her too much. Once again before the rose-bush, and the garden scissors fell to the ground, the roses bloomed on unseen, and the withered leaves were utterly ignored. Heor mother had raised a bright dream, dissipated a few doubts, and made her very happy. She could think of Mr. Ford now, and of a future wherein lie would be the bright figure in the foreground of life. For he loved her; yes, very dearly Idved her ! She know it, though iher maiden sonsitiveness would hide it a little while longer, even from the mother. That very day-for he had spoken of a visit that day,-was to end all uncer tainty. Meanwhile Mrs. Mornott had paused at the little flight of steps loading to the glass doors of the drawing-room, and read the card once more. She was quick at jumping at conclusions, and not always, as in this instance perhaps, leaping in the wrong direction, for she said, with a knitted brow "Mr. Edmund Harlington Lanceford Lanco-fortl! God forgive my too suspicious heart! but I have a strange foreknowledgo of the object of this visit." She was still regarding attentively the card as asho passed the glass- doors into the drawing-room, whero the head of the house of Lancoford awaited lier coming. Mr. Lanceford rose from the easiest chair hlie had hlon ablo to find in the room, and bowed; Mrs. nmrnott thrust the card into the pocket of her French apron, and gracefully acknow lodged his salutation. There was no small degreo of observation evident iu both pairs of eyes in those few seconds of grooting. Thie man of thie world scanned closely, even curiously, the tall lady before him; and the eyes hohind Mrs. Mornott's glasses did not lot Mr. Edmund Hiarlington Lancoford escapo her. " Good-morning, madam." "Good- mnorning, sir." "I must confess to an agreeable surprise in this first mollment of meeting," said Mr. LsncefOrd, makiig anlother bnow, nccom pIanied this timo hy a smile which had no representative on the grave fuce of tis lady; "I was totally unprepared to find in Mrs. Iornott that faseinating actress who oleven or twelve years sinceo took thie world by sur prise with hter retiroment from the stagoe-a premature retirement, which all true lovers of the Thespian art havo not ceased to regret." "Few true lovers of that art would have recogniseod me so speedily as Mr. Lancoford," she replied, still gravely. "You have the best of memories, sir." " It would he impossible to forget -" " Stars of the theatrical world, sir, are ovanescent at the best. A few years and the world has done with them, and is giving its plaudits to the now constellations that have rieson in their stead. It is very possible to forget, Mr. Lanceford, I assure you." Mr. Lanceford, taken aback by Mrs. Mornott's stolid demeanour, and the indif ferent manner in which his compliments had boon received, was for a moment at a loss to continuoe. Mrs. Mernott, loolking rather of the falcon species through her spectacles perhaps a ray of sunlight in the bright room had only caught the glasses, however, hastened to add: "Possibly Mr. Lanceford has other rea sons for remembering me ?" " Not in the least, madam." "May have boon an ardent admirer of the drama eleven or twelve years since ? " Mr. Lanceford shook his head, and haz arded the remark that he was a slave to time, not time to him, when Mrs. Mernott was reaping laurels. He had seen her twice -perhaps thrice ; and he was possessed of a good memory, that was all. "Presuming it is not with the object of paying me compliments that I am indebted to the favour of this visit, may I take the liberty of asling Mr. Lanceford to state the nature of his business ?" " We will, dear madam, proceed to busi ness at once," was the reply ; " may I bog you to be seated ? " Mrs. Mornott composed herself in the chair by the open window, and Mr. Lance ford drew his own chair opposite her. Soated so near her, with one hand resting lightly on the small flower-stand which sopirated them, and with the soft summer air stealing into the room, Mr. Lanceford, by a movement of his head, could take in the garden beneath, the fountain playing on the lawn, the figure of the maiden before the distant roses. "A fair picture, madam." Mrs. Mornott slightly inclined her head in asses t. "Your daughter, probably?" with a movement of his hand in the direction of the garden. "My daughter, Mr. Lanceford." The more of gentlemanly courtesy evinced by Mr. Lancoford, the loss impression it appeared to make on Mrs. Mornott. As he smiled, and bowed, and displayed his com pany manners-and Mr. Lanceford was the best of company, his friends said-the stiffer became the form of his listener, and' the greater trouble it soomed to bend her head. " May I inquire her age ? " " She is in her eighteenth year." "A tender ago-an impressionable age, madam," said he. "You agree with mie?" "Pray proceed, sir," with a slight move ment of impatience. "Is it of my daughter you would speak ?" " Unfortunately-yes." "Unfortunately?" repeated Mrs. Mer nott, keeping her eyes fixed on her visitor. " Mrs. Meornott, I need not have recourse to circumlocution in relating the little I have to say," he began; "you and I are of the world, have mixed much within it, and can easily understand each other, and I pray you to believe that I moan no disparagement to the graces and accomplishments of Miss Mornott, that I acquit both her and you of any intention against the happiness of my house." " Thank you," was the dry response. "To lay the matter clearly and briefly before you, I will only say, you have a daughter-I have a son. My son is young, unstable, self-willed, a trifle unsteady, and calls hero very often ;-your daughter is, as I have said, of an impressionable age, and may see more meaning in his polite atten tions than lie can possibly design. You have views for your daughter-I have al ready decided on the future of my son. Your views, I fear, do not agree with mine; our different positions in society, the class distinctions which separate us both, cannot but tend to the unhappiness of this young romantic couple; and, however I may regret those distinctions I have mentioned, I am sure you will see the necessity for putting an end to an intimacy, the continuance of which' can only produce harm." " What do you suggest?" was the. brief query that followed this long speeoh. "I would respectfully suggest for your daughter's sake an immediate departure from Dorset. Any expense that ---. "Sir, I have not spoken of expense surely class distinctions do not warrant you in thus delicately insulting me ? " Mrs. Mornott spoke without irritation ; but there was a peculiar ring in her voice-a hard metallic ring-that made Mr. Lance ford look up and reply hastily: "My dear Mrs. Mernott, ton. thousand pardons if I have unintentionally pained you. I would suggest then a departure from Dorset; there is always danger in these singular attachments, and for your daughter's sake I am assured you will not linger." " What danger threatens my child, sir?" "The danger of her affections not being fairly or honourably reciprocated-the dan ger that besots - " Pardon, my doear sir; but I do not fear my daughter, or believe that your solicitude for her safety hais brought you hither in such haste," said Mrs. Mernott. "You compli monted me at an earlier period of this inter viuew by supposing I had some share of worldly knowledge-Ibelieve I have. That bitter knowledge will not let me think that your interest for mo and mine is greater than the fears for your son bringing discredit on a spotless, name. Let me calm your alarm at once by saying that the daughter of an actress shall not wed your son-that were it your wish and his, I pledge my word solemnly it should not be ! "Indeed! " "You have generously drawn a dark pic ture of your son for my sake; oxcuse me if I thiink you were nearer the mark than you believed. Your son has come hero with a flimsy rag of disguise around him-deceived us with a false nsame and a string of polite statements concerning his birth, parentage, and pursuits, which thei world you and I Iknow so much about would honestly call lies. I: is not a young gentleman like him, whatever service he may have accidentally roendored us, or to whatever family he may belong-the Lancofords came over with the 'Conqueror, of course-that shall call my daughter wife. I think we may close the conference." Mr. Lancoford was looking into the gar den. He rose. "1 was not aware that o ha?l come unler c a false name. That was," looking shocked, "very wrong of hlim." " He may not be the first of the Lance fords who has done amiss in that respect," was the response of Mrs. Mornott, with her sharp eyes on the watch for an effect boehind the spectacles. "Perhaps some remote an cestor of yours, sir, has masqueraded in his time, fallen in love with actresses or daugh tors of actresses, and, secure, in his sheep's clothing, disguised the wolf too well. I only suppose so, Mr. Lancofordl, for I, like the monkey in the fable, have seen a little of the world." Mr. Lancoford looked more intently into the garden as she spokeo; for a moment bit his lip and frowned. " That ancestor's vagaries might account for the family horror of the stage, and the belief that all whosoe lives are passed hefore the footlights are beings of a lower nature, unworthy of an honest mann' respect. That is a belief not confined to the Breat Lanco ford race; there are many Prynnos and Baxters living now who will not give us credit for a single virtue, but who will stoop to lay to our charge the blackest vice. But, sir, tell your family that the power to resist temptation and live honestly is not extinct oven amongst players! " "Madam, I have said nothing against the stage," said Mr. Lanceford ; " why defend so nobly that sphere which I have no desire to attack ? " "You have spoken of class distinctions a great deal, and have not much faith in act resses, Probably,. had you known whom you were about to visit, you would have adopted another course to save your son from danger." "No; for you as a mother will believe I have acted fairly and openly in this niat tor." Mrs. Mornott inclined her head slightly, possibly by way of assent. Mr. Lanceford rose, bowed low, and moved towards the door-stood at the door a moment as if hesitating. She was a woman who had re coived him stoically-a clear-sighted woman too, who perplexod him. Ho would like to have added a few more smooth phrases be fore his exit, and thus have loft behind him a favourablo impression; but there was nothing in Mrs. Moernott's manner that in vited him to prolong the interview. Ho had succeeded in his mission; the fears of the mother were aroused, and lie had not in correctly played his game. True, one or two ugly remarks had crept in at the close to trouble him, and lie was doubtful if chance or design had sent the arrows flying to a wound that lhe had never owned, and which he had thought long hidden from all eyes. Hle would call it chance, although that tall woman by the window might have lived in his past, and borne his fi?co or voice in memory many years. 0! those many years intervening between that past and now years of sin, sorrow, or repentance, spent with whom and in what mannnor-0 ! those many secret and strange years ! Mr. Lancoford rode away exulting, and the lady whom le had loft remained by the stand, bright with flowers,. and looked sadly into the garden, where the daughter still lingered, and the waters of the fountain still sparkled in the sunlight. "Poor girl. It was a dream. God be thanked it has its waking so early !" .. Lot us leave mother and daughter on the verge of the awakening-it will be many years before we moot them again. (7b be cotined.) 