BENJAM8IN DISRAELI. (1'onm the Zisure our.) To have occupied the position of prime minister of England is a distinction which falls to the lot of few. To have attained that position with no adventitious aid, and solely by the exertion of great abilities, is the fortune of fewer still. Mr. Disraeli entered the House of Commons without wealth, without family connection, unbe friended, and comparatively unknown. Thirty years afterwards-years, it is true, of patient and persevering toil-his genius contending with rank and outstripping it in the race-he was first minister of the crown. Looked at in any light, this is a noteworthy fact, whether as concerns the individual or our parliamentary system of government. Since 1837, taught wisdom by the failure of his maiden effort to address the House, stop by stop.Mr. Disraeli rose an acknowledged power in the political world; and, although some surprise was felt in the country on his appointment to the office of chancellor of the exchequer in the first Derby ministry of 1852, there was no surprise, but rather con gratulation, expressed when early in the session of 1868 he was called by his sover eign to the premiership. On that occasion the lath Lord Derby, whose retirement was caused by ill-health, thus spoke of his suc cessor:-" Itis very satisfactory to me to be empowered to transfer the office I have had the honour of holding to one whose co-oper ation and friendship I have enjoyed for more than twenty years, and who I am per suaded will prove himself not unmindful of those great constitutional principles which it has been the study of my life to uphold, and to which, so far as my health will per mit, I shall not cease to give my earnest though unofficial support." Mr. Disraeli is descended from one of the Sephardim (or Spanish Peninsular Hebrew) families. Expelled from Spain in the fif toenth century by the severities of the in quisition, his ancestors toolk refure in the Veonetian republic. There they flourished as merchants, having in their new country abandoned the Gothic-Spanish surname they had hitherto borne for that of the distinctive Hebraic appellation of D'Israeli. Benjamin Disraeli, the grandfather of the late prime minister, settled in this country in 1748. Having acquired a competence by merchandise, and married in 1765, he took up his abode at Enfield, and died 1817 at the age of ninety. He is described as a man of:ardent character, sanguine, courageousne, speculative, and fortunate, with a temper which no disappointment could disturb, and a brain amid reverses full of resource. The sympathies of his son Isaac very early took a literary direction. A pale pensive child with dark brown eyes and flowing hair, and when years had stolen on, timid, suscep tible, lost in reverie, food of solitude, or seeking no better company than a hook. Such is the picturo given us of Isaac Dis raeli. To check the alarming lpoetical ten dencies which his father deemed unsuited to the mercantile life to which he had destined him, he was rent to Amsterdam to be ,edu. cated. His education there had, however, an effect directly opposite to that designed by the parental plan, for he returned to Eng land with a poem which he had written against coinmorco as the corruptor of society, and with all his literary aspirations con firmed. This poem was rent to Dr. Johnson for his opinion, but the groat man was then on his deathbed, and the packet was re turned unopened. This was a dire disap pointment to the youthful litteratcur: he became unhappy. His parents looked upon him as moonstruck, and sent him to travel abroad. Ho travelled in France and visited Paris, seeking the society of learned men and frequenting vast libraries. Re turning in 1788 to Enfield, he published an anonymous poem "On the Abuse of Satire," which was attended with such success that he was at length allowed to follow the course of his inclinations. And with good result; for the works of the older Disraeli are among the established classics of English literature, charming from their combination of learning and research with a certain child like simplicity, and an all-pervading sym pathy with the literary character. Benjamin Disraeli, the oldest son of this amiable, industrious, and successful writer, and the subject of our notice, was born at No. 6, Bloomsbury-square, on the 21st De comber, 1805. His mother was a Basevi, :a family of high repute in the Jewish commu nity. Old Mr. Basevi was a strict Hebrew, and it was not till after his death that the Disraelis openly separated from the Jewish persuasion. In his early years Benjamin went to the preparatory school, kept by Miss Mary Roper, with a sister, at No. 6, Cole brook-row, Islington. Miss Roper died a few years since at Brighton, and was very fond of talking of her former pupil, who had attained such eminence. He gave precoci ous promise of excellence in elocution. His mother was justly proud of his ability, and a friend remembers her saying that her " Ben would some day be lord chancellor or prime minister." He did not go up to either of the two great universities, but re ceived a thorough classical education from private tutors-one of whom was Dr. Cogan, well known as an accomplished scholar. After this young Benjamin travelled through the principal cities of Germany; and on his return home, with the view of obtaining some insight into business, he entered, for a time, a lawyer's office. Mr. Austen, a solicitor, residing at Montague-place, was the intimate friend of his father. Mrs. Austen was a gifted lady of literary tastes; and the elder Disraeli was one of a literary conclave which assembled at the house of the Austins. Here the son met with sevoral celebrities of the day, and the effect of this intercourse must have been to stimulate his ambition, and to direct his aspirations to independent literary production. While still a minor, lie wrote the novel of Vivian Grey, and on its publication in 1826, from its dash, piquancy, and satiric power, it created no small sensa tion. The author has himself since termed it "a hot and hurried sketch as ever was penned." Appearing anonymously, it wie attributed, in the gossip of the time, to various writers, among whom were Mr. Theodore Hook, Mr. Crocker, Mr. Lockhart, and Dr. Magiann. The Austens were in the secret of the authorship, and seem to have communicated it to Robert Plumer Ward, the author of Tremaine, who, in a letter to Mrs. Austen-one of his cherished corres pondents-expresses himself as "astonished, not merely at the natural powers, but at the acquisitions of one so young." In connec tion with the success of Mr. Disraeli as a novelist, we may mention the interesting cir cumstance that, on a visit to Mr. John Gib son Loekhart at Chiofswood Cottage, near Abbotsford, he made the acquaintance of Sir Walter Scott, and also, it appears,of Sir David Brewster, who then also resided on the banks of the Tweed. In not a few of the sketches of Mr. Dis raeli's career, hitherto published, it is stated that during the period of his nonage he was connected with the Representative, a daily journal, started to advocate tory principles, by the late Mr. John Murray of Albemarle street, and which existed for only six months, at a heavy loss to the publisher. The story is purely apocryphal: Mr. Dis raeli had nothing whatever to do with the journal in question, either as founder, editor, or contributor, and indeed never wrote a line for its pages. In 1827 the ill-health of his friend, Mr. Meredith, who was affianced to his only sister, led Mr. Disraeli to undertake a jour ney to the east. In the course of his travels he visited Italy and Greece, and witnessed some of the incidents of the civil war which then desolated Albania. From Constanti nople he travelled through Syria and the Holy Land, visiting Sinai and Egypt, and proceeding up the Nile penetrated into Nubia. While absent from England the pen of our traveller was not idle. The Young Duke was then composed and pub lished; and then, also, was conceived on the plains of Troy the Revolutionary Epic. Wandering over that illustrious scene, sur rounded by the tombs of heroes, and by the confluence of poetic streams, Mr. Disraeli deemed himself in that excited hour a poet, and lamented the destiny that had placed him in an ago that boasted of being anti poetical. It however flashed across his mind that in great poems the poet embodied the spirit of his time. "What," exclaimed lIe, "is the revolution of France a less im portant event than the siege of Troy? Is Napoleon a less interesting character than Achilles ? For me remains the Revolution ary Epic." Three books only of the poem were written, and fifty copies printed, by way of obtaining a verdict on the merits of the performance. That appears to have boen adverse, for the work was not pro ceeded with; and Mr. Disraeli was then compelled to forego the hope of taking rank with the great epic writers. Yet, while we nmay smile-as the author perhaps now would-at such exuberant youthful enthu siasm, we must allow that the conception and scheme of the Revolutionary Epio gave evidence alike of a noble ambition and a great capacity. Nor is the published frag ment devoid of passages of power and beauty. The purpose of the work is ex pressed in the poem to the second bosk Amid the passions of a strugglieg worid On me descends the ,pirit of great suong; A holy offico mins, and noble aim; To teach to monrchs and to multitudes Their duties and their rights. The end to teach' Of thsir existence; and ereno and just, From out their mightiest snnals to create . A mightier moral. This my theme sublime. Between the inception in the author's mind of the Revolutionary Epic and the composi tion of the published portion after his re turn to England, he was engaged in writing Contarioi Fleminig: a ,Psychological Auto biography, and the WondrOus Tale -of Al roy. "The one," he says, "devoted to the dolinoation of the poeolic character, andl the other to the celebration of a gorgeous inci dent in the annals of that nacred and ro mantic people from whom I derive my blood and name." Contarini Fleming, suggested doubtless by Gootho's Wilhelm Moistor, has boon pronounced by Heinrich Heine " one of the most original works over written; " and, with much rhetorical extravagance, " Alroy is yet remarkable for the splendour of its descriptions-the rich colouring and oriental glow of its language." While we observe a remarkable similarity between the elder and young Disraeli in point of early irrepressible literary aspira tion, we are not less struck by the different mode of its manifestation. The faIther, purely literary in his tastes and sympathies, withdrew himself into the sanctuary of his library, held intercourse only with the elo quent dead, and was but little conversant with the gaieties and strifes of the outside world. The son, on the contrary, from the first, by his satiric sketches of living celeb rities, his political speculations and ambi tious aspirations, showed the benoat of his genius for a lifo of action. Nor was ihe content long to remain a more spectator and critic; he coveted a seat in parliament, and did his utmost to effect an entrance into that arena of party struggle and political debs to. Soon after his return from the east in 1832, Mr. Disraeli offered himself to the elec tors of High Wycombe, a borough in Back inghslire, in the noighbourhood of Braden ham House, his fathter's residence, wheore his boyish days had been passed beneath the shade of ancient yews, and amid the quiet beaunty all around.*' The position which he took up at the outset of his political.carooer was that of a reforming tory. Itis important to understand this, and it will be best explained in his own words :-" I was ab sent from England duiring the discussions on the reform bill, far from that scene of discord and dissension, unconnected with its parties, and untouched by its passions. The bill was virtually, though not formally, passed when I returned to my country in the spring of 1832\. Events have proved that the opinion I formed of that measure on my arrival was more correct than the one commonly adopted. I found the nation in terror of a rampant democracy. I saw only an imponding oligarchy. '' ' Therefore I determined to the utmost of my power to oppose the whigs. Why, then, it may be asked, did I not join the tories ? Becauso I found the tories in a state of ignorant stupefaction. The whigs had assured them they were an nihilatod, and they believed them. They were ignorant that the millions of the nation required to be guided and encouraged, and that they were the nation's natural leaders bound to marshal and to enlighten them." The theory thus broached that the tory party ought to be the popular political con federation of the country has been through out his life not only a favourite idea of Mr. Disraeli's; but a steadily pursued purpose; indeed it furnishes a key to the correct appreciation of much of his public career, and perhaps most of all to his advocacy of the recent reform bill, conferring, as it did, household suffrage, and which passed under his auspices. His early radicalism, as it has been termed, propounded to the electors of High Wycombe, and which amounted to the advocacy of triennial parliaments and vote by ballot, was adopted on the ground that it was necessaay to bring the governing body into harmony with the popular feeling, and was only a phase of his political creed of popular toryism. Defeated in the contest for that borough by .a small majority by Colonel Grey, a youngorson of the then whig prime minister, in the following year Mr. Disraeli offered himself to the electors of Marylebone. Rejected by that constituency, he once more appealed to his neighbours of High Wycombe in 1834, but with the same unsuccessful result. The speech which he addressed to the electors on this occasion he published immediately in a separate form, under the title of the Crisis Examined. In the following year his political views were still more fully developed in a work entitled, a Vindication of the English Constitution, which originatedin a conversation with Lord Lyndhurst, and wais addressed in the form of a letter to that "noble and learned lord." Having again suffered a defeat at Taunton in 1835, Mr. Disraeli's ambition wats at length gratified by being returned to par liament for Maidstone at the general election in 1837, consequent on the death of William IV. His first speech in the House of Com mons was on the Irish election petitions, and is memorable for the unfavourable reception which it encountered, and for his prediction that " the time would come when the House would hear him." "A failure is nothing," he afterwards said; " it may be deserved, or it may be remedied. In the first instance it brings self-knowledge; in the second it develops a new combination usually trium phant." A week later-on the occasion of Mr. Sergeant Talfourd moving for leave to bring in a bill to amend the law of copyright -we find Mr. Disraeli again briefly address ing the House in its support, having been requested, he said, to do so by some of the most eminent literary characters. In 1839 he had so far made an impression on the popular.assembly as to have his power s as speaker fully recognised. In that year he married Mary Anne, the widow of Mr. Wyndham Leewis, his late colleague in the representation of Maidstone, and. the only daughter of tie late John Evans, Esq., of Brancoford Park, Devonshire. To this lady, in the following terms, he gracefully inscribes one of his works of fiction :-" I would in scribe this work to one whose noble spirit and gentle nature ever prompt her tosympa thite with suffering-to one whose sweet voias has often encouraged, and whose taste and judgment have ever guided its pages the most severe of critics, but-a perfect wife." At the general election of 1841 Mr. Disraeli was returned to parliament as member for Shrewsbury. Previously to this period hI had published, in addition to the works already mentioned, Henrietta Temple, dedicated to Count Alfred d'Orsay, as the memorial of an affectionate friendship; * Bradenhatm Heouse is about four miles from High Wycomho. In the church of Bradonham, attached to the well, and over the pow belonging to thu mansios, is a small rural tablet of white marble, bearing the following ineription -" Sacred to the msemorioe of Isano Disraeli, Esquire, D.O.L, of Bradenham Houso, author o" the Curiositios of Lite rature, who died January 19th, 1848, in his 82nd year; and of his wife Mart,, to whom he was unitd for forty-five years. hit died April 21tt, 1847, in thu 72nd yeor of her ago. Their remains lit tide by eide in the vault of the adjoining chancol," Venetia, in which, under fictitious names, ho rdeopicted tho characters of Byron and Shelley; ani the Count Alarcos, a tragedy in five scts, which appoared in 18350. The moot isuccossful of Mr. Disraeli's writings-Coun ingsby, or the Now Generation-was pub lished in 1844. Three considerable editions of the last work worn sold in this country in three months; it was largely circulated throughout the continent of Europe, and within a very brief period moro than 50,000 copies wore required in the United States of America. It ran through five editions in as many yeaours. Coningsby is the expression of its author's dissatisfaction with the policy and aims of the conservative party, which came into power as the result of the general election of 1841, under the leadership of Sir Robert Pooeel. It had not originally booen his intention to employ fiction as the vehiceio of his views, but after reflection hlie adopted it as affording the best moans of influencing opinion. The aim of the writer, as expressed in the dedication of the work to his friend Henry IHopo," is to scatter some suggestions that may tend to elevate the tone of public lifo, nascertain the true character of political parties, realities and phantoms." Particu larly hlie ondeavoured to show that the politi cal institutions of the country wore the embodinment of the popular neccssities, and that toryism consisted in the maintenance of those institutions. In considering the tory scheme, the author recognised in the church the most powerful agent in the previous de velopment of England ; and the most efficient mons of that renovation of the national spirit at which ihe aimed. At first a sup porter of Sir Robert Pooel, the author of Coningsby broke off, along with tihe young England school of politicians, from his allegiance to that minister, on the ground that he headed a party without principles, and tried to govern by a con-federation bound together by personal influences. Following Coningsby, after the lapse of a your, appeared Sybil or the Two Nations, in which the same doctrine or aristocratic democracy was promulgated. Tancred wasn published in 1847. In this work hlie deve loped more fully his cherished convictions on the subject of the Jewish race, which lhe had introduced into some of his previous writings ; and to which ie afterwards gave fresh prominence in his Biography of Lord George Boentinek. In 1816 the corn laws were ropealed; the resignation of Sir Robert Peel followed in the samo year. The death of Lord Georgo Bontiack, in 1818, led to Mr. Disraeli becoming chief of the opposition in the Houseto of Commons. Under his loader ship in the Lower House, tihe conservative party came into power in 1852, when Mr. Disraeli took office as chancellor of the ex chequor. This important post he again filled in the second Derby ministry of 1858.0 ; and also for the third time when the late Lord Derby-on the resignation of Lord Russell's ministry in 1866-once more assumed the reins of government. A general election occurred in 18417, when Mr. Disraeli was returned to the House of Commons as one of the knights of Backing lhamshire. He has since represented that county, having been elected no fewer than nine times. In 1848 the member for Bucks became a county squire, having inherited Hughenden Manor on the death of his father. " Many years ago," says the biographer of Lady Blessington, "I frequently met Mr. Disraeli at Lady Blessington's abode, in Seamore-place. It required no ghost from the grave, or rapping spirit from the invisible world, to predict even then tihe success of the young -Disraeli in public life. Though in general society he was habitually silent and reserved, hie was closely observant. It re quired generally a subject of more than common interest to produce the fitting de gree of enthusiasm to animate him, and to stimulate him into the exercise of his mar vellous powers of conversation. When duly excited, however, his command of language was truly wonderful, his power of sarcasm unsurpassed; the readiness of his wit, the quickness of his perception, the grasp of mind that enabled him to seize on all parts of any subject under discussion, those only would venture to call in question who had never been in his company at the period I refer to." Amid his political pursuits, Mr. Disraeli has found time to edit his fither's biography of King Charles the First, which appeared with an advertisement by the editor in 1851; and also to issue a collected edition of the whole series of that popular author's writ intgs. It is foreign to our aim in this sketch, be yond a simple reference to events aund opinions, to enter into the consideration of the political career of Mr. Disraeli. That career can only be fairly estimated when it has reached its conclusion, when facts are fully known, and when the spirit of partisan ship has so tfar died out as no longer to in fluence tIhe estimate. Meantime, however, as so much has been writteni of an adveirnse character, we deem it only ijnust to the eminence and high public services of the late premier to reproduco here a few sentences written so far back as 1852. "No one, of whatever political creed, can now affect to doubt or disparage the many high parlia mentary qualities of Mr. Disraeli. His resolute spirit has been conspicuously dis played under very extraordinary difficulties. Hle has combined an indomitable persever ance with the greatest fortilityot resource. In opposition le has been, and if he does him self justieo, he must again be, messt formid ably influential. He may yet acquire whatever he needs for the discharge of the high functions of a minister. He has shown himself at once a. brilliant orator, and, what is still rarer, a powerful debater; but he has not, asyst, we think, earned the reputa tion of a statesman." Although Mr. Disraeli has been only for short intervals in office, we presume that none will now dis pute that he has abundantly established his claim to the title of statesman; nor when the heats of conttnding factions have passed *The church of luiehendon parish is distant about two miles from High Wycombh. JoseoDisraoli pur. chased the Hughesndn Manor estate in 1856. It is now the property and seat of the Right Hin. Benjs min Disraeli, M.P. The mansion is a handsomesn brick strctureb, eituated on a gentle eminence, coru manding from its south front a pleasing view of the town of Wycombo. Some portions of the house ate of great antiquity. * 'rTho park and grounds consist of about 300 acres. Its the former is much forest timbor, comprising lone largo old oalts and bheohes, with more recent plsntations. Oa the north and south sides of the mansion are extensive nlaiuns. Hers are many young cedure, the seed of which was brought irom Lebanon by the present soner of Elughendeo, and sown by his own hands. (Soe Streahan'e History and Topography of Ducking hamehiro.) away will the historian hesitate to do justice to thoprominont part lie took in the enottlo. mont of the reform question, which had baffled so many previous ministries and barred the way to useful legislation. There is not a statesman living," says another writer, "who has more laboriously and more continuously striven than has Mr. Disraeli to arrive at great principles. Any one who will carefully go through his works will be perfectly astonished at his restless anxiety to got at the elemental truths of go vernment and of British politics." Among the opinions which enlarged politi cal experienco and knowledge have led Mr. Disraeli to reject are his early notions of vote by ballot, and triennial parliaments neither of which, indeed, are inconsistent with toryism; but to toryism itself, as from the first professed by him, ihe has steadfastly adhered. His consistency as respects the refobrm question has been much questioned; but his speeches on this subject, extending over a long series of years, have been pub lishod, and are open to the inspection of the curious. Wo have already referred to Mr. Dis raeli's appreciation of his wife, expressed in the inscription to one of his works. On the occasion of the banquet given to him in Edin burgh in October, 1867, in returning thanks for Mrs. Disraeli's health, he said: "Ido owe to that lady all I think I have over accom plished, because she has supported me by her counsel, and consoled me by the sweet noss of her mind and disposition. You can noet please me more than by paying this compliment to my wife." Mrs. Disraeli was created Viscountess Beaconsfield in Decem bher, 1868-a title won for her by her hus band, whom, in his public life, it had been her pride to consolo and sustain ; and we may believe it was with no small satisfac tiones, while declining tlhe coronet no doubt primarily proffered by the sovereign to him self, that he accepted it for the brow of his wife. Mr. Pitt received a like honour for his wife, who was made Lady Chatham in 1761, while he himself was not created Earl of Chatham till 1766; and so, more recently, the wife of Lord Campbell was created Lady Strathoden, while the future Lord Chancellor;... was still in the House of Commons. The general election of November, 1868; decided at once the fate of the Irish church .. and the ministry of Mr. Disraeli. Foresee ing at the time of his own election for Buckingham the inevitable result, the then' prime minister, in his address to his consti-. -. tuents, uttered the following words, which, as a solemn and pathetic expression of the motives and feelings of the defeated states-. man, may titly serve as a conclusion to our sketch:-"No one knows better than my self," said Mr. Disraeli on that occasion, " that, in the course of an agitated, and now, I am sorry to say, a long political career, I have done many things which I regret, and said many things which I de plore; but a man's career must be judged of by its whole tenor and character. I can say for myself, with the utmost sincerity, that .I have always sought to maintain the. greatness of my country; that I have never had one thought of a bass or sinister character, or of self-interest; and that there - is no reward which I more desire, and which I more prize, than the good opinion of my. fellow-countrymnia iii whatever piolitical party they may be ranged." On the 7th of June, 1853, the degree of D.O.L. was conferred on Mr. Disraeli by the University of Oxford-an honour not less acceptable from the circumstance that it had . also been bestowed on his father. 