THE WEEK'S NEWS. GOVERNMENT HOUSE.--We are officially in formed that on Saturday evening His_ Excel lency and Lady Edith Fergusson entertained _at dinner the Chief Justice, the Son. the Chief Secretary and Mrs. Milne, Mr. and Mrs. Ran dolph Stow, Mr. and Mrs. Strang ways, the Rev. Mr., Mrs., and Miss Hairing, Dr. and Mrs. Carey, Commander Noel Osboin, R.N., Dr. Moore, Mr. Christie, D.A.C.G., Mr. John Wil liams, Mr. D. C. Crawford, Mr. Burnaby (18th Regiment), Lieut. Fergusson (Private Secre tary), and Lieut. Morris, A.D.C. PORT DARWIN TELEGRAPH. - The Govern ment have been purchasing' largely material for constructing the line of telegraph between Port Augusta and the Northern Territory. It is worth noting that nearly 130 miles, weighing 20 tons, of telegraph galvanized wire rope has been bought from Mr. James Brown, of Waymouth street, who was, we are told, the only holder in the province. This class of conductor has ad vantages over the kind of wire which is fre quently used for teleeraphie communication. AMALGAMATED SOCIETY OF ENGINEERS.-The anniversary dinner of the Adelaide Branch of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, Ma chinists, Millwrights, Smiths, and Pattern makers was held at the Bristol Tavern, Franklin street, on Saturday evening, June 18. About 50 members and visitors were present; Mr. W. Mather occupying the chair, and W. Shand the vice-chair. After the loyal, patriotic, and other customary toasts had been drunk, Mr. W. Kilgour proposed " Success to the Amalgamated Society of Engineers." He said he considered the Society was not only a benefit to the members but to the community at large; there fore, whether they belonged to it or not, they always respected it, for it was through its per severance that they upheld the wages and position that they were in. Although he had not the honour to belong to the Society, it was not because he had not a great wish to do so, for he considered the benefits of societies of this description were very widely spread. They were a benefit to the employers as well as the employed, because it prevented the underhand manner of taking jobs, and esti mating jobs and such like. He had therefore great pleasure in proposing " The Health of the Amalgamated Engineers." (Applause.) Drunk with musical honours. Mr. D. Foreaith, the Secre tary, responded. He remarked that as there werea few strangers among them it might not be out of place to say a few words about the nature ana object of the society. It was different in many particulars from all other Friendly Societies. It spread over a huge number of divisions; it was peculiarly the trade society, and it was the greatest society of the kind in existence. It numbered 33,474 members. Its funds for,1868, according to the last report, amounted to £98,699. It differed from other societies inas much as it was not a number of branches each dependent on itself, but was one grand whole, and no individual branch could sink for want of funds. They managed that by an annual equalization of funds. In some parts of the world trade might be bad, and there would be a call upon a branch in another place which might be making a profit. The Adelaide Branch numbered only 39 members, and yet they had been called upon the last quarter to hand over £94 to a branch which received £550 from other branches. This was a clear proof after all that trade was not so bad in this colony as it was at home. The report for 1867 showed the gross amcunt of funds they had at their command was £125,263 ; but because of the depression in their trade all over the world they did not make up this amount in 1868 by £26,56i. Of that there was spent in paying men who were out of work £64,978 ; donations to men sick, £16,991; Superannuation Fund, £7,123 ; for accidents by which men were disabled from following their trade any' more. £1,000; funerals, £5,040 ; benevolent grants £3,025. From the last report he was able state that 1,056 different benevolent grants were made to persons in distress during the year to the amount of £4,34915s. 6d. This was not out ef their ordinary funds, but out of a fund raised by each member paying sixpence a quarter. For their own little branch, which that night they commemorated the sixth anniversary of, the last audit showed them to have raised £269 4s. 2d., and he supposed they had made about £20 profit in the current quarter. Out of the former amount they had sent away £94 to another branch. In spite of the depression of trade in this colony they had only spent, 6s. 8d. for out of work benefit during the last quarter. (Applause.) He noticed a short time back an article in the Jiegister, touching upon their society, and he thought the branch must thank the editor for the tribute he had given to the society at large. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Forsaith read various por tions of this, which he said showed they held an honourable place in the opinion of people outside the Society. (Applause.) Various other toasts followed, and the proceedings, which had been enlivend by many songs, closed. VOLUNTEERS v. NON-VOLUNTEERS.-The rifle match between eight of each came off at the Butts on Saturday, June 18, the volunteers being represented by Captain Scott, Sergeant Pine, Privates Allen, Attwood, and Leonard of No. 1 Company, Trooper Baker of the Cavalry, Sergeant Kobjohns and Corporal Cottrell of No. 4 Company; the non-volunteers were Pri vate Fry (No. 6), Dalfcon, Hicks, Haverland, Morcom, Pappin, and Reid (late of No. 1 Com pany, and Subbles (late of No 1 Battery); so that the non-volunteers were well-accustomed to the Enfield. The challengers had a decided advantage over their opponents, in having a greater number of men from whom to select their posse, whereas the terms precluded the others from making any alteration in their team, those challenged being the eight who competed with the military. The distances were 200, 400, 500, and 600 yards. The weather was much finer than on the occasion of the match with the soldiers. It will be seen by reference to the subjoined scores that the match resulted in favour of the non-volunteers by 54 points: Volunteers. Captain Scott ... 67 Sergeant Pine ... 43 " Robjohns 46 Corporal Cottrell... 72 Trooper Baker ... 57 Private Allen ... 25 " Attwod ... 56 " Leonard... 59 425 Non-Volunteers. Mr. Fry 50 " Dalton 51 " G. Hicks .;. 79 " Haverland ... 42 " J. Morcom ... 72 " Pappin... ... 66 W. A. Reid... 56 " Stibbles ... 63 479 ADELAIDE EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION.-We understand that the prize offered to the pupils of this school by Mr. - J. Howard Clark for English composition has been awarded to F. J. Nash. Two other essays by James Hay and C. D. Wren were adjudged very nearly equal in merit to the prize essay. MISCHIEVOUS DAMAGE.-The Manager of the Union Minstrel Troujie offers, by advertisement, a reward of £5 for information regarding the defacement of the bills for their entertainment. -It is to be hoped that this will lead to the check ing of a mischievous custom which, it mqy not be generally known, fs- punisli&blc; by law. HINT TO FARMERS.-The Wort says:-"Mr. Charles Clark, of the Mount Gambier Foundry, has just constructed what we have no doubt will be a very useful implement in this district, viz., a press roller. We believe it is quite a novelty In the colonies, though extensively used tn the old country on loose light Ian4< The one in question is composed of five wheels or rollers set tiine inches apart. It is supposed to follow the plough, the rollers running between the furrows and packing the soiL A solid seed bod. is thus prepared, and the grain being naturally forced into the*roller furrow the young1 plants come t)p as if the seed had been ploughed in. The machine will go over from seven to eight acres per day." To enable farmers to test its efficiency the maker is lending it, so that people may try a few acres. PORT-ROAD TOIXBABS.-Apublie meeting was held on Friday evening at Hindmarsh, with the "view of adopting measures to get the tollbars abolished from the Port-road. There was a large attendance, and Mr. H. Hun wick, Chair man of the District Council, occupied the chair. The members for the district, together with Messrs. H. K, Hughes, M.P., and E. Ward, M.P., were present, and supported the views of the meeting in regard to the unfair ness of the tax and the necessity of getting it abolished. Resolutions to this effect were carried, and it was also agreed that Parliament seould be petitioned as speedily as possible in reference to the matter. OLD SCHOLARS' ASSOCIATION.-Tie annual meeting of-the Adelaide Educational Institu tion Old Scholars' Association was announced to have been held in the Freeman-street School room on Friday evening, but, owing to tie small attendance, was adjourned for a week. THE GOLD-DIGGINGS.-On Friday, June 24, a deputation, consisting of Messrs. W. H. Russell and A. Saunders, waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. A. Blyth), being accom panied by Mr. Walter Duffield, M.P. , The primary object of their visit was to request the Government to repair the roadway and bridges leading to the gold-field which had been washed away by the heavy rains, though while they lasted they were found to be of great benefit. The deputation also urged upon the Commissioner - the -adoption of a' system of' rewards .for -the discovery- of new gold-fields, with a view of encouraging prospecting, which it was felt might lead to profitable results. The Commissioner, after hearing what the deputation had to say, promised that the matters brought under his notice should receive the consideration of himself and his colleagues. ATHLETIC CLUB.-A meeting of the Adelaide Athletic Club was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Friday evening, June 24, there being a fair attendance. The accounts, which showed a balance of £57 17s._, were referred to the Auditors. The following are the officers: Patron, His Excellency Sir James Fergusson; President, the Hon. Sir John Morphett; Vice President, Mr. W. Townsend, M.P.; Secretary, Mr. W. Pope; Treasurer, Mr. W. Oldham; and the Committee, Messrs. Ash win, Borrow, and W. S. Samson. A vote of thanks was unani mously accorded to Mr. W. Gooch for his exertions as Honorary Secretary. It was announced that the next meeting would be held early in September. THE INSURANCE CASE.-In the summing up in Hertz v. South Australian Insurance Com pany our report stated that His Honor said "The calculation of Mr. Price depended upon the absolute truthfulness of Mr. Hertz's books, and when he had, either through forgetfulness or design, sworn deliberately to a statement which he now admitted to be altogether false, they would certainly be justified in declining to accept his statement as true in any other particular, unless corroborated." The pronoun " he" referred to Mr. Hertz, and not to Mr. Price, as would be seen by any one reading the evidence, but as the sentence was ambiguous we, at Mr. Price's request, make the explanation. YACHT CLUB.-The fourth sailing match of the rising little Club, the South Australian, took place on Tuesday, the 21st. The following boats were started at 10 minutes past 12: Prince, Isabella, Express, and Curlew. The course was from the bridge round the North Arm beacon, twice up and down. They arrived thus:-Isabella, 2h. 31m. 45sec.; Express, 2h. 36m. 55 sec.; Curlew, 3 h. 1 m.; Prince, 3h. 2 m. The members afterwards met at the Club House, where the prosperity of the Yacht Club and the health of Mr. F. E. Bucknall, the commodore of the, race, were toasted with the usual honours. THE ADELAIDE LIEDERTAFEL. - The 12th anniversary of the Adelaide Liedertafel was celebrated at the Hotel Europe on Monday evening, June 20, and was in every way a success. In the early part of the evening it seemed as if there would not be a very large attendance, but at the commencement of the Eall, it was plainly noticed that an increase in the company would not be very convenient or comfortable. The Liedertafel introduced a number of new musical compositions, and the audience loudly expressed their appreciation of the very efficient manner in which they were performed. The ladies in connection with the Liedertafel gave several pioofs of their abilities, and, considering that they have only had two rehearsals this winter, the public cannot but bestow all praise on them and their Director, Mr. C. Püttmann. Selections from Meyer beer's " Huguenots" by the Misses A. and L. Köppen were admirably executed, and Messrs. Christen and Mumme were deservedly encored. A Ball which followed the musical entertain ment closed at an early hour on the following morning. SontEE.-On Friday evening the fourth of a series of Sixpenny Readings took place in Pulteney-street Schoolroom; Mr. W. Storrie presiding in the absence of Mr. Moore. Mr. Broadbent played well on the harmonium, several songs were creditably given, and a number of recitations fairly rendered com pleted a neatly-arranged programme. The reciters were Messrs. A. Searcy, W. Adamson, W. S. NeaJe. W. Stewart, W. F. Redman, and J. Pullman. ; THE NORTHERN TERRITORY SHIP.-We have just been informed that the Bengal was spoken by a steamer off Brisbane on June 2, all well. . WINE SHOW.-There were 151 entries for the Intercolonial Wine Exhibition in Syndey, but none are from Victoria. A Register telegram has stated that South Australia shows to advantage in the list. : SERICULTURE.-A consignment of silkworm eggs has been received in Melbourne from India through the Governor of Victoria, and the Seoretary of the Acclimatization Society is-dis tributing the supply among those desirous of in creasing or renewing their stock. RICH YIELDS.-At Mudgee on Tuesday week, at the Gulgong Reef, Fox and party turned up a nugget weighing 90 oz., and another-30 oz. Four days' work produced them 130. oz. of smelted gold. At Gympie on the same day 140 tons of quartz from the Prospectors' New Zealand Reef yielded 1,842 oz, of gold. These are, of course, prizes in aorowd of blanks. PROSTITUTION IN ADELAIDE.-The fruits of the representations of the Evangelical Alliance to the Government on the subject of open immorality were seen in the Police Court on Friday morning, when 14 abandoned women and girls were charged with being common prostitutes, and loitering about the streets for the purpose of prostitution, and fined amounts varying from £1 to 5s. One was also fined for soliciting prostitution. THE OVERLAND TELEGRAPH.-The outgoing mail conveys despatches regarding the Over land Telegraph. Telegrams in anticipation of these will be sent on to the Agent-General from Galle via Russia, on the ground of that being the fastest route. In conjunction with Mr. Todd the Government are using every exertion to furnish out the telegraph parties and enable an inlmediate start to be made with the work. The-parties have not yet been arranged; but we understand that this week a selection will be made of at all events some of those to be em ployed upon this very important and extensive service. RIVER ACCIDENT.-A former resident of Willunga is reported by the Riverine Herald " to have been injured by the Adelaide steamer getting foul of the punt rope at Bama on the 8th ultimo; he died in Bendigo Hospital. The name of the deceased has been wrongly given as Volunga and De Lango. ' We have been unable to find out what his real name was, but he was commonly known as Willunga, frem having lived for a long time at the place so named in South Australia." DIGGINGS ACCIDENT.-On June 15, reports theGa'tcler Times, as Stephen Brook was "taking down a paddock," he had undermined the earth, and was about to ascend eight or nine feet to the top, to throw down the mass by means of a crowbar, when a quantity of it fell, knocking him down, and breaking the small bone of his right leg a little above the ancle. The bone was set by Dr. bmith, and the poor fellow was brought down to Gawler on Ms way to the Adelaide Hospital. FORESTERS' VISITS.-At the ordinary meeting of Court Kensington on Thursday a considerable number from the Adelaide Courts were visitors. The usual business was proceeded with, and a pleasant evening was spent. Benefit is expected to result from the system of visits now com menced. DANGEROUS ACCIDENT.-The Peninsula.paper has it that (t Mr. W. -May, engine- fitter of the Moonta Mines, was the other day assisting a person of the name of Williams in dressing the carcase of a pig, when, observing that the rope by which it was suspended was slipping from the beam, he clasped his arms ., round the carcase to -hold it up, and in doing so his right hand came into contact with Williams's knife, and received a frightful gash. The prin cipal artery was severed,' and blood flowed profusely. On Thursday symptoms so Unfavour able set in that it was feared amputation would be necessary, but Dr, Horton, with the two nune surgeons, after a careful examination^ concluded that there was a prospect of the hand being restored to a sound, condition, and Mr. May is nowpro&ressmg.f; !. lS « .' cINGLEWOOD BEEP.'-We hear that the'captain has! sent five tons of stuff to Mannum for rabother trial crashing. TASMANIA'S POPULATION.-The total increase since 1861, the date of the previous Census, is, according to the returns, 9,361 souls, the larger proportion being in the northern districts of the island. THE INSPECTORSHIP OP PUBLIC-HOUSES.-The \ | Government have decided that the Inspectorship of Public-houses shall be an office attached to the Police Force. It Is believed that by adopt- : ing this plan efficiency in the discharge of the j duties will be enhanced. It does not at all follow, however, that the position will be con- j ferred upon any one at present in the force. No decision has been come to upon the applica- j tion of the Bench of Magistrates to have the j appointment vested in them. TYNTE-STREET BAPTIST CHURCH. -Tenders for the erection of a schoolroom in connection with the new Baptist Chapel, North Adelaide, of which Mr. James Camming is the architect, have been accepted. The cost will be about j £1,150. A large number of tenders were re ceived, and the work will cost about two-thirds j of the price that would have been required | three months ago. i BIBLICAL SOCIETY.-The second annual gathering of the North Adelaide Young Men's Biblical Society, meeting under the presidency of Mr. Samuel Bakewell, in the Friendly Societies'Hall, North Adelaide, was held on Tuesday evening, June 21. At the invitation of the President, a large number of members with 'their friends, besides numerous viators, met for tea and social intercourse. He had provided an 'abundance of creature comforts, and after the tables were cleared -an interesting meeting was held,' under the chairmanship of Mr. T. Robin, who spoke of the wide influence which might be exerted by members of the class. As in physical nature each atom possessed an in fluence, so their comparatively small and insig nificant commencement would end in most important results. Each was but an atom in creation, yet they were going out into the world to take their places in society, and he trusted their profession and practice of that which made true and noble men would shed a halo round their path. This would be the case if thatpathwas "tnatof thejust, whichshinethmore and more unto the perfect day." The report, read by the Secretary, Mr. C. H. Matters, gave a resume of their operations since last meeting. The average attendance had been -21, number on the roll 44, and undoubted success had attended the conduct of the class during the year. Their province was not to attract young, men from the Sunday-school or other religious organizations,bu t to provide for the spiritual well-being of those whonever attended a place of worship, or paid the homage due from the creature to the Creator. The motto of the Society was, " Come with us and we will do you good." Addresses of en couragement and advice to young men were given by Messrs. C. W. Priest, T. Matters, and others; recitations and music also contributing to the general enjoyment of the evening, which was carried out with an absence of formality. At the close a resolution of thanks to Mr. Bakewell was moved by Mr. A. H. Scarfe, seconded by Mr. G. Howell, the proposer referring briefly to the active interest taken in the improvement of the minds and morals of young men by the President, who, under great difficulties, had established the Association in its present suc cessful position. Mr. Bakewell made a feeling response, expressing gratification at being able to contribute in any way to the advancement of Christ's Kingdom, and especially by gathering around him a band of youths whom he trusted would leave their mark in the future. The meeting broke up after singing the National Anthem in an enthusiastic manner. THE MORPHETT-STREET BRIDGE.-Mr. Farn dell, the photographer, has shown us two good views which he took on Tuesday of the Morphett street Bridge. As specimens of instantaneous photography they are very creditable, and as pictures they give a fair idea of the structure and of the interesting- demonstration. STRATHALBYN RIFLE CLUB.-On June 21 the weather, on which shooting so much depends, was delightful, when the Strathalbyn Rifle Club met for their half- yearly champion match and the ownership of the silver shielded girdle. It was hoped that eight or nine would have taken part in the contest, but only five remained when firing time came, the rest having gone to windward and out of sight. Captain Rankine, who had fired well all through the match, was taxed to the utmost on every point to the close of the 800-yard range by the persistent way in which . his brother {Mr. Andrew Rankine) was parallel with him almost shot for shot. Unfortunately, at 900 yards the latter's rifle seemed as though it had had enough of it, for several of the bullets insisted on not going all the way to the target. However, at length the Captain outstripped every competitor, and closed the match with a score of 122 points, Mr. W. Colman being second with 116. Below are the distance scores: Yards-200 500 600 800 900 Ttl. Mr. John Stark ... 25 25 20 22 14 106 Mr. James Rankine.. 25 26 24 2-3 24 122 Mr. A. Rankine ... 26 23 26 23 9 107 Mr. W. Colman ... 25 24 20 24 23 116 Mr. W. Rankine, sen. 21 20 17 ll1 dr 69 THE UNION MINSTRELS. - These minstrels gave another entertainment at White's Rooms on Wednesday evening to rather a meagre audience. Of the vocal and instrumental part of the entertainment we cannot speak too highly. In addition to the usual number of songs, the overture, a glee, and a concertina solo were capitally rendered, the last receiving an encore. But the troupe must think Adelaide people sadly in want of amusement and greatly deterio rated in their taste when they inflict upon them half-an-hour of such utter rubbish as was con tained in what was called a farcical sketch. What fun, if such it is to be termed, there was in it was caused by " an intruder" who would persist in asking a music-master for coals, and another who kept constantly bawling out at the top of his voice. The only point which was in the slightest degree redeeming in the affair was the appearance of a ghost. We are sony to speak in this way of the performance, but Christy Minstrel entertainments have hitherto, , as a rule, been so good that we cannot refrain from mentioning the first great falling off, with the hope that the mistake w31 net be repeated. The proceedings ended with a burlesque of Professor Hell6r's second sight, which was cleverly gone through, and at times very j laughable. CITY OP BRUSSELS V. BOSTON.-Our Mel bourne telegram, in another column, might, if read alone, have a tendency to confuse, as, up to the latest dates via Suez, no tidings bad been received of the City of Boston, and the dates by that route are in advance of news via California. Mr. Isbister kindly furnishes some particulars of the City of Brussels' arrival, re ferred to in the message:-The City of Brussels (steamer) sailed from New York for Liverpool on the 28th March, with propeller broken. The following is the answer to a telegram sent to New York by the owners:-The City of Brussels lost both blades of her propeller when steaming about two knots against a N.E. gale, in long. 61° W.; the vessel's lifeboat took a letter from the master to the Idaho (steamer), which offered to stand by, but the City of Brussels wanted nothing, nor was any desire expressed for the passengers to be transferred. The City of Brussels was heading S.E. against a N.E. gale and high sea, going about five knots, with all plain sail set, in order to keep well south of the ice. Lloyd's latest shipping intelligence gives the following:-"Crookhaven, April 21. The steamer City of Brussels passed here at 6.30 a.m. All well; under sail. The steamer City of Durham and steam-tug Rattler accompany her to Liver pool." THE LICENSING SYSTEM.-A petition has been presented to the Victorian Parliament from a large number of female residents in Ballarat, praying that measures might be found for more effectively protecting the young of both sexes from the lures now held out by the vendors of drink, and that the flagrant immorality and kindred abuses connected with taprooms, dancing saloons, and similar licensed places of amusement might be promptly suppressed. MOUNT GAMBIER HOSPITAL.-In this institu tion the Standard says:-" The accommodation is still insufficient for the urgent demands made upon it. Last week a man named Taylor sought admission, having met with a severe accident while blasting at the Drainage Works, by which his face and one arm were severely burnt; but every bed being occupied, he could only be received as an out patient." A CHANCE FOR EPICURES.-A well-known j butcher's shop in Adelaide was on Wednesday | evening graced with the carcase of a splendicL j sheep,. which attracted unbounded admiration from the shifting yet continuous crowds of bystanders. It was a pure. Southdown, bred : and fattened by Mr. John Chamberc of Rich mond; and, apart from its unusual size and weight, it completely realized Goldsmith's description, as \- a picture for painters to study The fat was so white, and.the lean was so ruddy." POTATOES.-For the information of any who are sceptical as to theLsuitability of the soil and .. climate of Mount Gainbier for the growth of potatoes, we (Standard) are in a position to report that a patch of ground near town has this season yielded at the rate of over thirteen tons to the acre-eighty tons of prime potatoes ? having - been bagged from six acres. This . produce it is hot unlikely will advance slightly in consequence of the crops at Warrnambool having turned out badly this season^ Mouipr GAMBIER HOPS.-The produce of Mr. Thomas Williams's hop-garden is spoken of as first-class for strength and colour. The Standard regards it as proved beyond dispute that ex cellent hops can be grown at the Mount without difficulty, and that the product will amply repay cultfrators, N.B.-We received last week by post a letter requesting as to include in our next issue, under the heading of " Births" announcement, " Mrs. William Sutherland, of twin daughters." The letter being duly signed " William Suther ; land," and having every appearance ofauthen ' ticity, including the enclosure of the usual fee, the notice was inserted. Since then Mr. Suther land has called at our office, and requests us to state that the announcement is not true, and has been maliciously forwarded by some person counterfeiting his signature. RAILWAY EXTENSION TOWARDS THE BORDER. -The settlers in the Western District of Victoria are still agitating energetically the question of railway extension for their benefit. There is a division of opinion as to the direction the line should take-some advocating a course from Geelong via Colac and Camperdown, and another party from Ballarat to Hamilton via 1 Ararat. A large and influential deputation in the Hamilton and Ararat - interest waited upon Sir James McCulloch (Chief Secretary of "Vic [ toria) on Wednesday last, and very strongly urged the claims of the more northerly route upon his attention. One of the speakers was Mr. J. B. Hughes, who, : jn the course of his remarks, said: "There were 15,000,000 acres of Crown lands in his district, and a very large proportion of that going towards Ararat and north and north west would be made highly productive if a railway were established. Some of the finest wines in South Australia were grown in precisely similar country. Most of the land was as good as that through which the South Australian Government found it answer to make railways. in order to suit the agriculturists, and if tne people there found 10 bushels an acre pay last year they obtained only five-there .was no great risk in carrying railways through .Vic torian country which, according to Mr. Archer's statistics, averaged-and did produce last year -upwards of 20 bushels per acre. He would press that the style of the latest made South South Australian railway should be further enquired into. He cast no stigma on tho Vic torian Government engineers; but here was a line costing £5,000 per mile, with lighter engines, lighter rails, and lighter rolling-stock, it was true, but the 45 miles which hod been opened since July last year had-he learnt from his brother-given the greatest satisfaction, and carried passenger trains at 20 and goods trains at 15 miles per hoar. Surely this was worth, further enquiry. He pressed the Government to consider, if it could not promise, whether the long period of probation to which the districts concerned had been consigned could not be shortened. If the whole line were not made at once, could it not be begun?" The Chief Secretary promised that the subject should have the careful consideration of the Govern ment, with which cautious pledge the deputa tion were forced to rest content. THE PERIPATETIC'S FAREWELL.-A Register telegram lately notified that Mr. Marcus Qarke had been appointed Secretary to the Trustees of the Public Library, Melbourne. As the result of this the series of papers by the Peripatetic Philosopher of the Australasian cease. Here is the characteristic parting shot:-"Andnow, my hardly-used reader, let me take an opportunity of bidding you good-by. I have written one of these papers weekly for three years, and I devoutly trust that you are not as tired of them as I am. I don't want to make any ridiculous remarks about 'the way we have travelled together,' because I travelled of my own accord; nor will I say that' in parting from you I feel as if I was parting from a brother,' because I don't. I will briefly observe that this is the last of the 'Peripatetic.' (A man can't walk for ever unless he's a Wandering Jew, which, thank.goodness, I'm not.) Perhaps I may appear again one of these days, and it is pos sible that my signature may grace at. times the columns of this little broadsheet. But I have - sold my birthright of free speech for a mess of official pottage, and to all intents and purposes the ' Peripatetic' is dead. If you are a chari table reader, I would recommend to you a sentence of Buckle's. ' In speaking of the dead, so fold up your discourse that their virtues may be outwardly shown, while their vices are wrapped up in silence.' And I mention this because I want a good deal of silence. To my friends I bequeath my good wishes, to my enemies I leave-like Sneer-'my character behind me;' and that is little enough, I'm sure. Farewell, dear public, and should you feel in clined to * upbraid me when gone,' oi praise me -like an epicure does mustard, with tears in his eyes-remember that, however bad I may have been, I have successfully humbugged you with my ' philosophj' for three whole years." CHANCE FOB BACHELORS. - Remarks the Soutiiem Argus-"A novel prize has been intro duced into the programme of the Strathalbyn South-Eastern Rifle Association at their ensuing matches. A gold wedding ring is offered as a special prize, to be competed for by bachelors only, with the Enfield rifle, upon the condition that if the winner fails to avail himself of it before the next annual matches, he will have to return it to the President of the Association for fresh competition. We trust the latter alterna tive will not be necessary." CAOUTCHOUC.-Discoveries of this substance under the old name of indiarubber have been recently announced in the Queensland papers as having been made in that vast territory. The quality is said to be excellent, and the source of supply very extensive,- if not inexhaustible. It is well known that the imports of caoutchouc into Europe have become very large since 1859, when the English imports included 22,000 cwt. of unmanufactured, and 794,623 lbs. of manu factured. Since then the uses to which it is found applicable have become remarkably various, and recent appliances promise almost indefinite'extension in this branch of commerce and manufacture. ACCIDENT.-The -Kapvmda, Herald notes that a !Son of Mr. Christopher, 15 years of-age, had ' his arm broken in a most simple manner. Father and son were at work at Mr. J. Williams's | building a kitchen, when the lad, whilst standing by the fence on a log, put Ms arm between the palings. The log dipped and he fell, when his arm, being caught between the palings, twisted so as to break about midway between the elbow ana wrist. The broken limb was immediately set. BISHOP PATTESQN, Chyrph of England readers will regret to hear that a letter from Bishop Patteson, of the Melanesian Mission, dated Auckland,- May 12, has been received in Melbourne, from winch the Messenger regrets to learn that he had been suffering from severe illness, which had kept him from work for ten weeks. He was much better, however, and hoped soon to be able to make the voyage to Norfolk Island. ACCIDENT AT MOUNT PLEASANT. - While taking part in a scuffle at Mount Pleasant a person named C. Howe fell and broke his leg. Dr. Gosse was at once called in, and attended to the poor fellow. ACCIDENT.-About a fortnight ago a little boy named Wm. James Dick was riding in a cart with his father at Glenburn,- when the vehicle was capsized and the lad sustained a severe fracture of the right leg. It was thought necessary to take Mm to the Hospital on Tues day, and the leg was amputated. - POST AND TELEGRAPH.-It is noted that Mr, Marrie takes charge of the combined depart ments at Narracoorte, and Mr. Mann, of the Telegraph Office, Mount Gambier, will also act in future as Postmaster there. MEAT-PRESERVATION. - The Echuca Meat Preserving Company have resolved to increase their capital to £30;?00. NEARLY SMOTHERED.-On June 13 (says the Gaider Times), as a young man in Mr. Bassett's employ was assisting to load some flour - from Mr. Dawson's mill store, a stack of bags of flour fell and completelj covered him," but so as not to press heavily on him, though he could neither move nor see. The number of bags was so large that his cries for help were inaudible to those who were engaged in removing the superincumbent mass, and for some minutes it was feared he was killed. After a short time he saw daylight, and called out to say so; and by the time the bags were all removed he was found to be unhurt, though terribly frightened; THE 18TH REGIMENT.-We understand a telegram has just been received from Mel bourne, instructing the detachment of the 18th" Regiment now stationed here to hold themselves in readiness to leave early in August next. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.-A writ has been issued to fill the vacancy in the Upper House. The date of nomination is July 4; "election, July 20; return of writ, August 8, BUSHMEN'S CLUB.-We understand that Mr. Howell, bookseller, has very considerately pre sented to " William," Hon.- Superintendent of the, Bushmen's Club,' Whifanore-square, between i£7 and £8 worth of the Illustrated Loiidon News (in monthly parts); for ths use of the' bushmen ! at their Club, and as they are beginning to i patronise the institution, this timely act of [ kindness will be duly appreciated by them as it j deserves. . - ? .. . - OFF TO FIJI.-Mr. A. Gardiner, son of Capt. Gardiner, .of Mount Schank Estate, left Mac Donnell Bay on Friday, per steamer, to go via . Melbourne torthe Fiji Islands. The Watch adds that "several others intend following shortly, attracted thither by the excellent prospects held out to them." SNAKES.-Lately three young snakes were killed at the back of the Gfawler Times Office. Thev bad been brought in a load of stone. THE BANK OF AUSTRALASIA.--Mr. J. B. Anderson, who for many years has held tne position of Accountant at Hie Bank of Austra inag has been promoted to the management ot the TtanV atDunedin, New Zealand, and he left for his new sphere of labour on Tuesday by the Aldinga. Mr. Anderson has been connected with the in this colony for the last 17 years, during which time he has filled'"various responsible positions, arid the promotion he has now received is only A well- merited recognition of his ability, industry, and gentlemanly deport ment. TEETTTLPA.-A note -to us from this place reports that fine rains fell last week, and the country is looking well. BUSHMEN'S CLUB.-This institution is slowly growing1, and the class "for who&e; special benefit it has been established'are "taking advantage of the comforts provided. " "William" acknow ledges the receipt of £5 from Mr. N. Blyth. TOM THUMB.-A Hobart Town telegram states that the Tom Thumb Troupe have left alter a successful visit. They go jaext 'to Launceston, thence through the Western District of "Victoria j to South Australia, whence they will proceed to New South Wales and Queensland. SUDDEN DEATHi-On June 22, an inquest was ? held at the Old Spot, Little. Para, on the body of John Watt®, a lad of about 12 years, who died somewhat suddenly on that day. ? Mr. John Harvey, J.P., was Coroner,. and Mr. Jones Foreman. Eliza Watts, widow, mother of the Jad, deposed that about. 2.40 a.m. on Monday he jumped up and complained of a. pain in the stomach, and was sick. After the pain had continued some time, die gave him a teaspoonful of painkiller, and applied a mustard plaster to the stomach, which seemed to give "ease. In half an hour the .mustard application was renewed, after which the pain ceased. She then gave him a tablespoonful, of castor-oil,, and a little while afterwards some tea, which he threw up, and then went to sleep. When he awoke he was very cold. Then put hot water to his feet. Mrs. Williams advised her to send for the doctor, but witness declined because he was a stranger. About 12, as her son seemed comfortable, die lay down on her bed in the same room for abouthalf an hour, when, upon seeing him turn, die went to him, and found he was dead. Daniel Russell, John Tippett, and Mrs. Williams gave corroborative evidence. Dr. Stone, called as a medical witness, cnid he was of opinion, judging from the evi dence, that the cause of death was inflammation of the stomach, aggravated by the painkiller which was given to the child. Verdict-"That the deceased came to his death by natural causes." SUDDEN DISAPPEABANCE.-Some surprise has been expressed on 'Change at the sudden dis appearance of Mr. Adolf Gaedechens, and various reasons have been assigned as the cause of his unexpected departure. Mr. Tidemann, however, informs us that Mr. Gaedechens left by the last mail steamer for England on a mining mission, and that it is his intention to return to the colony in a few months. STOCK IMPOSTS-The return from the Regis trar-General's Office of live stock imported into Victoria during the quarter ending "31st March, 1870, shows that New South Wales sent 10,315 head of cattle, 166,167 sheep, and Ij670 horses, whereas the imports from Queensland were merely 1,082 head of cattle, and South Australia 3,000 sheep. COLLECTION OF MINERALS.-Mr. R. V.Rodda, late of Yorke's Peninsula, has on view at Gresham-chambers a very extensive display of TpWralR. There are about 1,000 specimens, and they represent 50 different varieties; It would be difficult to find another collection so com plete, or one that would better illustrate the mineralogy of the colony. Among the many things worthy of notice wo may mention some beautiful muriates of copper, virgin copper, malachite, variegated or peacock copper, black chlorite mica, iron pyrites, titanium of iron, hornblende, felspar, talc, opals, and garnets. Mr. Rodda has been many years gathering the collection, which comprises specimens from all parts of the province; and it wouM~prove either to our Museum or to any private individual interested in mineralogy a very valuable acquisi tion. CHESS.-A tournament is now being engaged in every evening at Moonta Institute. The contest bids fair to be exciting, as the players reem deeply engrossed in "the games proceeding. SHIPPING FACILITIES.-The desirability and feasibility of erecting a jetty at Moonta Bay are again being discussed on the Peninsula. "SAND IN HOBSES.-From Eden Valley Mr. Reuben Richards again writes, following up his previous information as to the good effected by "berg*, oilj instancing other cases of cure of valuable horses. He very strongly commends this remedy for sand in horses, animals gorged with wheat or green fodder, or subject to various disorders. His enthusiasm leads him to suggest that importers should, for the benefit of farmers and colonists generally, obtain a large supply, and let it be known where this antidote is obtainable. _ , , , HOBSES WANTED.-Heavy draught, pack, and saddle horses are to be selected by the Com missioner of Police and Mr. Fonnby for the Overland Telegraph Expedition. An advertise ment in the lUgister states particulars. - TUTT.WAV ACCIDFNT.-One day last week, Mr. Giles Abbott, in the employ of Mr. James Macgeorge, lessee of the Strathalbyn and Mid dleton line, was moving some tracks when one of them went over and broke several of the toes of his left foot. The patient was taken to the Hospital on Thursday, June 23, and is pro gressing favourably. IEON OBE.-Mr. Cobbledick has left at our office two rich and heavy specimens of iron ore, found in his neighbourhood, -where there is abundance of a similar character, and in other parts of the range where this mineral is plentiful! there is no lack of timber for the furnaces when enterprise, labour, and capital combined enter upon the work of smelting. POPULATION OF VICTOBIA.-The quarterly abstract, showing the estimated population of Victoria on the 31st March, 1870, gives the .sub joined figures:- " , , Births in the first quarter Mi F. Total. of.187.0,,. 3,177 2,936 Arrivals by sea... ... 6,498 2,963 \- 5,899, 15,574 Deaths ... ... ... 3,803 1,324 Departures by sea ... "5,139 1,992 . 6^942 3,316 10,258 I^d.rtog'he^. 2,733 2,583 5,316 ,.198,583 311,701 710,284 Population on the 31st --- March, 1870 401,316 314,284 715,600 The births during the quarter exceeded the deaths by 2,986, viz.:-1,374 of males and 1,612 of females. The arrivals exceeded the dfit partures by 2,330, viz.:-1,359 males and 971 females. The whole increase thus amounted to 5,316, viz.:-2,733 males and 2,583 females, as shown in the table. NEW ZEALAND LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.--The Nelson Examiner of June 1 has the following under the heading "Legislative Council: - Messrs. Robert Campbell and Thomas Frazer, of Otago; M. S. Grace and G. M. Waterhouse, of Wellington; Thomas Henry Wigley, of Nelson; and James Williamson,.- of Auckland, have been called to the Legislative Conneil. LECTUBE AND CONCEBT.-On Friday^vening, June 17, a lecture and concert in aid_ of bt. Augustine's Church, Bhley, were given in Trinity Church Schoolroom. The attendance ^ was fair, and the chair was occupied by the. Rev. H. Read. The programme opened.with a Fantasia Brilliante ("Lucia di Lammermoor ) bv Miss Lindstrom, well executed, followed by the song " Molly Asthore," nicely sung by toss Winter. Then came a duet, Peace hath fled, sweetly rendered by Mrs-. Hams and Mr. C. Lyons. "Fading" Away, Miss Bishop, was then well received. The Rev. W. H. Mudie, who followed in a lecture on. " China and the Chinese," briefly but interest- , ingly described the early history of that densely peopled country, and spoke of £he- national commerce, religion, legislation, and'habits. _ He also exhibited a number of magic lantern \iews descriptive of his subject. The song, We Meet Again," by Mr. L. -Jagoe, was next energetically given. Mr. C. Lyons singing of "My Pretty Jane" was encored, and "Rocked in-the Gradle of the Deep" was capitally given-by Mr. L. Jagoe; ":Love's Re quest," by Miss Winter^ was redemandea, and the songstress bowed-an acknowledgment. The programme closed' shortly iaflber -^ -with a song by Sirs. Harris. _. _ POBT VICTOB INSTITUTE.-T2ie corner-stone of the new building "intended for this purpose 'was laid on Thursday,-the 16th instant, ibyMiss Williams, who was presented by the President (Mr. R. Allen) with a handsome mallet made of miall wood, the handiwork of Mr. Grosvenor, of Port Victor. After the ceremony had l>een successsiilly and gracefully performed, three cheers were given for the young' lady, ^hich were istntably acknowledged by MiV WilHsto on! behalf of Ins daughter. Mr. " Allen theii gave an interesting account of the history of "the Institute from its formation., "Tn the afternoon a .tea meeting was held, "at which there was a fair attendance. The proceedings were wound up by an entertainment in the evening at Mr. Allen's store, where there were over 100 present. Several glees, songs, recitations, and instru mental duets were given by lady and gentlemen i amateurs with great success. THE PRIMARY JUDGESHIP in EQUITY.-T^ie Government bare not yet received from Mr. JaBtice Gwynne a reply to their wmmumatioa on the subject of tie Primary Judgeship; but it is hoped that it will prove favourable to a re tention by His Honor of the postutt he 1ms held since August, 1867. ftr^TTC SOCIETY.-We are mform&l; by tne Secretary of the Auxiliary that Mr. HutcSunBOtt as a colporteur "highly beyond ail expectations. There is _ therefore reiLon to hope that colportage, an uwtitution eminently successful on the Continent rfEurope, and even in several parts of the Austrahas, is {aMy acclimatized here. _ THE Manual FOB JUSTICES., - Afi we have Vipfore stated the compiler of the Manual for J^DCES hMforwarded to the Attorney-General the whole of the MS. terms of the agreement, is now bong rev®*, and we hear that Mr. S. been appointed to perfonn the work, it is a misfortune inseparable from the changeable character of our legislation that this jromwilar tion, so far as the local Statutes go, - many years are over be out of date. Indeed before it gets into print it is that"Tg r amendments in the Local Courts Act recently foreshadowed by the Attorney-General will have been adopted by the Parliament. _ STORM onYORKE'S PENINSULA.-'3Je local Press says that on Saturday evening Wallaroo was visited by a very heavy thunderstorm. The thunder was very loud, and the lightning exceedingly vivid. The night was as black as Erebus, ;the wind raged furiously, and there were occasionally heavy showers of hau. A torx«nt of water swept down the railway towards the seo» which the Moonta Jbus essaying to face was quickly carried from the line ana ' overturned-fortunately without materialinjury to either passengers or driver. The Kan ma bus that brought the mailwas obliged to coma to a standstill about a quarter of a mile from the terminus, the line being impassable. The storm appears to have been but partial, not reaching Moonta, where it would certainly have flooded some of the shops in George-street, ana hot being felt at Kadina. Other parts of the country were flooded. Poet AUGUSTA WEATHER.-Showers have fallen this week, and the season has been so fine that residents are able to get a supply of vege- ; tables occasionally from Stirling-. There was, when the mail left, every appearance of more rain, and the mornings for three or four days previous had been very foggy until about 10 °THE* NORTH. - The information received, almost daily from the North confirms the view that so far the present season is the best that has been known for years. A person who on. Wednesday and Thursday last travelled, from Ketchowla to the Burra] reports that rain fell during the whole of his trip. The lambing is turning out very satisfactory. Even the young ewes are giving a return of /5 to 80 per cent, ""ft high average. MATCH ON THE OLD ADELAIDE COCBSE.-On Monday afternoon, June 20, a race between Mr. P. McEnhilTs Coquette and Mr. E. CartwnghfS Lady for £5 a side came off on the Old Ade laide Course. The race was once round the course-one and a half miles-and Mr. P. B. Coglin, M.P., acted as Starter and Judge. Lady was lame from having had a nail m her foot for some days, and Coquette proved an easy winner, coming in ahead of her opponent by 30 or 40 yards. Immediately after Mr. George Stephens, on a draught horse-^Boachy was to be seen doing the fences in capital style. r Plotjghmg.-It is stated that in the South East the introduction of double- furrow ploughs has led to a material reduction of the price jot ploughing, and 8s. per acre is quoted as the price at wiiicli a- large extent has been taken* Dabung RAINS. - A Wentworth letter, received by a trading firm states that the rams in the up river districts bad been heavier than Tma before fallen within the memory of white men, and that owing to them the up country mails^had not arrived. ABORIGINAL SAGACITY.-Some little amuse ment was occasioned at Strathalbyn Court on Wednesday, says the local paper. Kodney, an aboriginal native, was called as a witness against Mrs. Hackett, of Meningie, who was charged with selling wine to the natives. "Rodney gave his evidence in a straightforward __ way considering he was but imperfectly acquainted. with the English language, and when he had done was told he could go. He hesitated awhile, at last went to a seat in the body of the Court, but before long went up and resumed his position in the witness-box. His Worship asked what he required, and he promptly replied that he wanted his money. He was told that would be all right, and that what he had said was for the good of his country, but Rodney seemed to be very dubious on that point, and with considerable reluctance returned to his seat amidst a good deal of laughter." WINE ^yottitts IN NEW SOUTH WALES.-The agent in Adelaide of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales has received a telegram from the Society's Commissioners, stating that the wines sent from this colony had arrived in excellent condition. VITAL STATISTICS -The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 18th of June, were:-Births, 20 males, 16 femalesj deaths, 11 males, 5 females-total, 36 births,. 16 deaths. Excess of births, 20. QUEENSLAND NATIVES AND NORTHERN TELE GRAPH.-The telegraphic system is of immense utility, but promoters of new lines hardly calci''nte upon their wires being utilized in the way Queensland aboriginals are doing with some of the wires in that territory. Perhaps Mr. Todd, to provide against , any similar contin gency to that mentioned in the following, from the Sydney Monvhig Herald, will send up for the blacks a supply of fishhooks:- A mob of blacks a short time ago played havoc with the telegraph posts and wires on the Cardwell ],np, It. appears that their first idea m ibsus destroying the line was to- prevent it front . bearing tidings of theirill doings to the Native Police camps, they having been incautaously informed by some of the native troopers that it was intended for that purpose. Subsequently, however, they have discovered that they can convert wire into fishhooks, many of which, manufactured in a, very ingenious way, have lately been found in then- possession. _ . BIVER DISTRICT.-A letter from Kuhnne, dated June 20, received by a mercantile house, says:-" Since - my last we have again bad a heavy fall of rain, and the river is still risingfast. GAS FITTINGS.-We mentioned a few months ago that the South Australian Gas Company had resolved upon getting ont a supply o£ fittings to be sold or leased to customers with a view to encouraging the consumption of gas m private residences. A large and vaned assort ment has now arrived by the Dilkhoosh from j London, and are on view at the Company's offices, Grenfell-street. _ MIRTH m HIGH PLACES.-The forms of the Assembly are an unpromising substance from which to extract merriment, and yet on June 16th the members of the Assembly had at least _ two opportunities of relaxing their practice of severe dignity, and indulging in a hearty laugh. For the first, which occurred early in the day, they were indebted to His Excellency's Aid-de Camp. This gentleman, either through acci- ^ dent or design, has fallen into the habit of bringing down messages just as the House has settled into its work after -waiting upon His Excellency In the Legislative Council Chamber. This arrangement, if it somewhat disturbs the order of the debate, is a very convenient onefor the A.D.C. himself, as it enables him to kfll two . birds with one stone. In other words, he only requires to endure his regimentals once for the double operation of attending Lhe Governor and attending at the bar of the Assembly. OnTnura- 1 .. day the Clerk of the House happened tobe absent when this viceregal messenger was announced. The Sergeant-atiArms, who usually remains close attendance npon the distmguishea stranger, was therefore obliged to leave him and convey the messages to the Speaker. Whilst Mr. Blackmore was threading the maze of gangways and seats on Mrway up. ^he Aid- . Hie-Camp turned and left the Chamber.- As he . disappeared, tbe stentorian'voice of Sir George -Kingston directed him to remain; but "the direc I tion came too late, and. amid the laughter of :the House the messages had to bo - read in Ms . absence; The second occurrence took place at . : the close of the day's proceedings, Mr, Strang- - ways, in a pure spirit of "mischief, . has, )>oen . laying himself out to put the1 Speaker, mete- ' r phorically speaking^ " in a holei'' and -on this 'f occasion1 took special pains', to make good/his ^ object.' ; At: -26 "firifHifes -past '-5 he movea J r that the House adjourpi This objected ^ to, and after , a division was: negatived. - . atttempt wias: made to 'suspend the_ Standing - Orders and failed;1 and' theJpeateriat^ tainntes to 6 put the.uSual quesfaon of adj . Hour from the previous submission pf^samer' proposition, and, in all semreBnes^ aaKw.f "Hr -r Speaker was- not compelled to . at. out .: , afiofc^time.' l"l nes3, the Sp^ef,r^ed thatth6 CIwlffl oif the THoiiehadn6ttdcfenarefcordof thetimft when the last division was taken. By this barefaced subterfuge he eucceeded, to the amusement of hon. members, and at the expense of the ' Standing Orders, in baffling the malicious ! designs of Mr. Strangways, and in obtaining his release from the Chair* 