DRIFT/ "Daily thetidMoCUfcgotbbbigtfiaflOwipg.*' lMfaFKuow*s .* Hrjuroaun.* Yet more of boDgmore, whom,after ni desperate bat futile efforts to get ap a fi idling committee for thepuxpoae of MmuUiig thm dangerous and aachoricas depths in which thequeetiocx «rf pnlinommlity imtwiM«^ Imay Mnpon «it sort of <xxnpetit6r I* nf:ovn (Mtohz iim» xA boixxuM* 3Sm was thatwhea the toaitu .«oe. out,* 1M» woald die and there anead, tntll&JteoK;* n»ore has the vitaliiy of a poJjrpnfcGiithxm op into a thousand, tfeoet l*iriU$rtMiiaM> .etf together vgain. ;. He Suts isrirteA tiM best ateekpointed frowsthat the »o«t con summate critics eooldioige against him^aad whatiiabettar tests! WtwdtiaeaeeiWlwi nnlwak qnvittiSsfkMk'iMi Urifii -afterJwMcli Iihoaldnot torarprisedti ift wvnvallfcd* raTalltlogn»m<a>i-got wwtlk fib wont ofit lalte takes snob «b6omwM4r disagreeable ways of txmvinda#~*h» initio (iff lih' tiiiiiittig oiiff^oattiag^M mrtnuf |i | fi ii ii^'f ?n be near* into the private life of the police, tall be has itowtHttda it dangerous Tot a policeman to htre any private life at alL And then the iminaatiOPS he flang at Messrs. M*Collochaad TmicM from the platform of 6L Patrick'* hall the other day, to the effect that they took «Oee for the express purpose of promoting the welfars <of their sheep in Birerina. Of muse, unsuspecting reader; JOB don't see the force of the masoning thai would make get a mut to be neomarily a corrupt etales van became be is a sheep-breeder; but Ifata, probably, you bare not been la the habit at cultivating (be peculiar logie by which Lord Dundreary oonvineed himself that bit toother always called him fPoberi, tawmi be mm cfadbeoed Fasdirick. And, what fe more, you are not that boneless and lndnlwi thing, a jilly-fish; nor, for aaght I know, do yoa fish-La anybody else's watecs. By the way, a rery pretty question of casuistry has been raised daring the week mpropot of this same Mr. Longtnore'e fishing propensity, as to how far die public censor sn^yencroach on a man'* private habits before be may arrive at a fair appraisement «f jbfs public character. Where is he to draw the line of privacy? Take that gentle roan going down the opposite side of the street, lor instance. You, a member of the British public, know him by certain marks and insignia to be, say an inspector of police; ynd nothing more. I know him, admitted to the secrets of his inner life, to have a passion for the fine arts, tempered by a more genial propensity to indulge in the humours of the block when he is off duty. The question is, bow fax toy knowledge is calculated to influ ent* my opinion of his public merits, or if it was conveyed to you, how far it ought to determine your ooniidence in him in hi* cha racter as a guardian of your property 2 Yoa tell me that he who drives fat oxen should himself be fat, and that a functionary who has the public morals in bis keeping should be above the suspicion of doing anything mor^ izivolona than listening to Mr. Aspinall's last joke. But, after all, this sort of argument is baaed upon an altogether fallacious estimate of what constitutes morality from a policeman's point of view. There are morals and morals, H the ethics of the police office are not let me tell ycm, the ethics of the pulpit, for in stance. In the former esse, ft is the pulpit tempered by the statute- book, and the moral law which Constable X. carries in his regula tion-book stops very far short of that wide, and far-reaching, and ill-defined .ode which the Her. Me. Brimstone ful minates every Sunday morning with a zeal that is considerably quickened by the con sciousness that there is no statutable limit to bis right of interpreting the various bye-laws in it. The effect of this distinction on my fifa^ |a to satisfy me that if your friend, the iippgetor, discharge* the duties that are care* jfafitjr detailed for him by the written law of 4fc» land, he does all that society has a right to see that he does: and that when you or Mr. Longmore, or anybody else, want to ex tend your scrutiny any further, yoa are jast as much exceeding the limits of justice and good breeding as though yoa would insist on knowing whether your hostess, who pro vides that admirable ice-padding for your special delectation, has paid die confectioner who made it or the pettiooated young Philis tine who condescends to serve it to yoa under a severe mental protest at her own weakness. Talking of petticoats reminds me of the want of them said to be displayed at an es tablishment in Bourke-street by an enterpris ing licensed victualler, who seems to have been leading his Swinburne to some purpose, and to have transmuted the commonplace British barmaid into something not contem plated by the Wine and Spirits Statute. For my part, I must own to having a passing acquaintance with that gentleman's favourite models of " the noble, the nude, the antique,'' bat I would just as soon have my prosy glass of XXX handed to me by an Orientalised Pbrynefrom Collingwood, as I would have my " Arabian Nights "done into English forme, «ay byMr, Frawr. In fact, the young gentle men-and I presume with Longfellow's Friar In tbe Golden Legend V llxy Sfe xsUwr ths rods disdplss of Beer Tb*n 'itanything mors reflnea and dear who rob thdr master's tills for the sake of the (idealised legs of . the nymphs who wait npon their wants there, would, J verily believe, set vp an tradean rapture over Martin ?' F. Ttfppef. Iqufttf sympathise, ifonly from an aesthetic point of view.with G.P. Smith's ae#eniiade against Jbe Tarkfi, and I beg to suggest to Urt thathe might posh bis inquiry into the tendencies of the female costume, tor^ie' ixSnt ^ tracing oat a mysterious oonoexion between it and the opinions <of the-peoplewho wear it I don't mean to HMty that the ToMdsh divan in ^Urii&hftr;^Bytiiing to do with the odt bwakW protection amongns, butorfill'therie is ^|!BiMa»fageteattng»icbwlrfpbUi6iop^ .Kdrsstr J remember Beading somewhere ' bfersifc4s aMast, in aFret^odanWIiitnd writ lag sf'tagsse-i-that in Louis leOrand's pom* peaj^shswy.bypocriticsl idgnythe oostunwe rfllniaf, asiiim, <-.maton,i|»d:Mri^Jw«« aB<iaTn-lfii1 ainl hi firtmiilod §*inM :artistifiview< Gece kf&tB.; Buith jtoiehthol'ate.'a """"'''' ".b&oi;**eMflliwttald! tofbseifcab i fel skeery man like Colonel Qaagg u this same representative of yours. No doubt, be is quite right in principle in wishing that there ought to he an end to these gmtnities. which come up at the end of the session as regularly as green peas in spring. It fa * tre mendous tax to ask the member for yoar dis trict to be m miserable at Mr. Cohen wasthe other night, for the sake of somebody diei relict; and besides there it always the pombU taqMion that the misery is done after the fashion of Dodson and Fogg nnw Pickwick, "on spec." The dacnmoon caused by Mr. Grant's affair should be taken as a good op* portunity for coming to some Rood under, standing that the servants of the Crown should not hare anydaiam to state aid mat nised upon any pretext not provided for by the Civil Service Act Mr. Grant's disclaimer establishes the principle be yond all dispute. By the way. I was reading a popular naval novel the other day, in which the paawgf oooojb :-" A party of officers had been dining on shore, at Gibraltar, and are brought down to the waterside late in the evening in wheelbar rows-drank, of course. As they are handed to the boat, one of the crew remark* to a comrade^ ' I say Bill, if Hum. was we, what a precious twisting we should get to-morrow morning at six bells.'" Bat then it should be understood that this is fiction, a work of the imagination, like Mr, Longm ore's charge against the police, or Mr. Berry's investiga tions into the Stony Creek Reservoir. fiction soggeste history, and Mr. Berry's investigations remind me of the Rev. Hen derson's research eg into the historians, which he trotted oat one after another in such long array, like the ghosts of the kings in "Macbeth," on the boards of the Dnke of Edinburgh Theatre, on Monday last The daily papers only gave a short rteunti of his lectors, so I am not going to commit the blander of jcdgingof the structure by a single brick. The epitomelooked very hard reading, bat it might have fallen softly on the ears of the andience, to some of whom the names of the aathorc criticised, and the criticisms themselves, most have Riven the same sort of comfort as the word "Mesopo tamia" did to the old woman. Alecturer is a fortunate man, after all, far he generally has calrnlated apon having the conditions of sac cess which Ma. Pardiggle's friend, Mr. Gather, insisted on, "a clear space, and an ignorant audience." Apropoe of lecturers, a happy dramatic touch that of Mr. Daffjfr, and ex* bibiting a keen acqnaintanoe with the wants of the situation and the inconveniences of limited liability, leaving out the subject of the lecture he is going to give, when his torn on the list comes. ANGLER. 