THE insolvency of the late managers of the Theatre Royal, and the recent correspondence in our columns by those gentlemen and Herr Bandmann, have raised once again the old story of theatrical management and its. reception at the hands of the public. A mere list of the brilliant failures at the Ballarat theatre would be a long enough narrative. Since Brooke laid the foundation stone of the theatre a good many managerial comedies and tragedies have been enacted here, and a weird host of ghost-like spectres has passed along the stage and on to the bourne whence many a whitewashed traveller returns, yet where Com missioner Noel sits with Rhadanianthus-like severity of eye and heavy father-like dignity of mien. We could count up a goodly num ber of such apparitions, each one coming like “a youth with flaunting feathers,” jovial and startling and sensational, and then passing on to the spectral host of the disappointed. Some of them have been, like Hamlet, “ indifferent honest;” others have been only clever, vanish ing and leaving an unpleasant odor behind them. We may say that we note these things rather in sorrow than in anger. Our sym pathies are with the “ poor players.” Asa rule iWjr cvro tv licivd-working, respectable people, than whom no class figures more honorably, that is to say, more rarely, in Mr Archer’s tell-tale columns of criminal statistics. True it is, and pity ’tis ’tis true, the profession is less adept in avoidance of the , place where schedules most do congregate, as if the law of compensation worked the commercial ruin of the sons of Thespis the more potently to abate their, tall: morality, and strike a vexatious balance be tween the Chief Commissioner and the Regis trar-General. Now and then a brilliant Affable Hawk escapes both of the ugly goals, and. soars, if with bedraggled pinions, aloft,, out of reach of creditors and constables. Still, nei ther such glittering specimens of the manager, nor such an excellent average of non-criminality among actors and actresses generally, can hide the melancholy fact that the profession is an exacting one, and too often a disappointing one. A rich actor, unless he be a star of the first magnitude, is, and always has been, one of the rare phenomena of civilisation. The rank and file of the profession lead a fitful ex istence, striving ever against great odds, work ing hard, buffetted by unruly houses, pinched by Gradgrind managers, gibed by' the critics, too often compelled to go without many of the conveniences, to saynothingof the modest luxu ries, of life, and dropping out of history as the birds drop out of life, nobody knows how or where, We hope there is some 'compensation also working 1 fop them somehow, somewhere. It may be that they have a perennial joy in the profession, a feast of souls, Barmecide- Jike to ther outer world, but full of delights that ,the stranger meddletli riot "with. Possibly the simple ambitions and conventional illusions amidst which they act'laborious nights indicate natures that can look with dignity down upon the commoner vagaries of mere money- making, and bear with sublime indifference what seem to us to be the thousand natural shocks that histrionic flesh is heir to. It is, at any rate, pleasant to try and think so, and to hope that such sweet virtues may be long in vogue in the profession. • And we may further trust that if life be a continuous feast to them, -they will not on that account be denied a paradise when they have shuffled off this'mortal coil. Now that we have got the' length of com passing the disposal of the actor as a remini scence, we may revert to the managers and actors arid their doings as present facts. The problem is, how to make the Ballarat theatre pay. It never has paid yet. That at any rate seems to be a generally admitted proposition. As we have intimated, it is possible that now and then one managerial genius has managed to make a little money by more or less daring experiments or lucky hits, but the general result of theatrical adventure has been failure —failure more or less absolute, or more or less disgraceful. This is no new subject with us. Oyer and over again, in past times, we have hazarded counsel in connection with theatrical affairs, when managers were mourning over empty boxes and the public seemed indisposed to dance, though the managers and their companies . piped never so enticingly. It alway appeared to us to be unreasonable to suppose that it would pay in this town to keep open the theatre from year’s end to year’s end, and especially at the prices charged for admission. Whether it : be done by a strong but genial monopoly, or by. an equally effective and sagacious competi tion, it seems essential to . success that the theatre should be open" only at inter vals, and that prices should be low. This plan, if we mistake not, must be adopted whether the drama be elevated or lowered in its cha racter. If the alliance with hotel bars is to be still an item in theatrical consideration, and to please low tastes rather than to cultivate higher ones be the policy, still it will not pay to keep the prices up and the house continually open. The prices may no doubt be better maintained with only occasional seasons than with a theatre always open, but the experiment has never yet been thoroughly made ■with lower prices. There is another thing which must be attended to if the theatre is to be made really pleasant as. a place of resort. A Melbourne contemporary drew attention the other day to the same evil, which we may remark is a general one. We refer to the too frequent unsavoriness of the theatres. They are neither so clean nor so comfortable as they may be, and unless both things are seen to, the theatre will of necessity lose as the home grows richer in attraction. As to the quality of the enter tainments furnished by modern managers, it is more true to say that they are various than excellent. But the managers who do not make their profession pay are always excusing themselves for avoidance 'of “ legitimate ” en tertainments by saying they do not pay. It is upon the simple but, as it would seem, prac tically misapplied commercial principle that the public is so often', i invited to see half nude women’s, legs, spider dances, Jack Sheppard or Formosa plays, and so forth; this way of holding the mirror up to nature being declared to be necessary in order to enable managers to pay their way. As if the argument were, as in truth it is, that the public has vicious tastes, and it is the duty, that is interest, of theatrical managers to pan der to such tastes. Asa method of showing vice her own features, this commercial image of managerial virtue may be laudable, perhaps, but the system is one that gives “ the go by” to the old claim put out by the stage, that it is a school—unless indeed an arriere-pensee has all along existed, and the school was meant, or is meant to be, one of the sort so arimsingly pictured in Sheridan’s “ School for Scandal,” but toned down by Boucicault coloring to modern playgoingtastes. For ourpoor part we have nearly given up the “ school of morals” theory, and are inclined to think our histrionic friends will do well if they only seek to amuse, but to amuse innocently. Human nature has a capacity for being amused, and as the want exists, it must and will be sup plied rightly or wrongly, so, if our. theatres give us good and innocent amusement at low prices, and in clean houses, without dreary intervals to. drive wine and brandy-bibbers to the adjoining bars that ought not to adjoin, it is highly probably that the patronage of the, public would be more liberally, as it certainly would be more reasonably and virtuously, bestowed. 