fLategt jfrefog. THE RAINFALL.—Total rainfall registered at the Adelaide Observatory for the present year up to June 22 :— January 3'283 April 0-510 February Nil. May 1*172 March NiL June 2"262 Total, 7 227. THE BANK OF AUSTRALASIA.—Mr. J. B. Anderson, who for many years "has held the position of Accountant at the Bank of Australasia, has been promoted to the management of the Bank at Dunedin, New Zealand, and he left for his new sphere of labour on Tuesday by the Aldinga. Mr. Anderson has been connected with the Bank in this colony for the last 17 years, during which time he has filled various responsible positions, and the promotion he has now received is only a well-merited recognition of his ability, industry, and gentlemanly deportment. TEETULPA.—A note to us from this place reports that fine rains fell last weak, and the country is looking well. TOM THUMB.—A Hobart Town telegram states that the Tom Thumb Troupe have left alter a successful visit. They go next to Launceston, thence through the Western District of Victoria to South Australia, whence they will proceed to New South Wales and Queensland. BUSHMEN'S CLUB.—This institution is slowly growing, and the class for whose .special benefit it has been established are taking advantage of the comforts provided. "William" acknowledges the receipt of £5 from Mr. N. Blyth. SUDDEN DEATH.—On June 22, an inquest was held at the Old Spot, little Para, on the body of John Watts, a lad of about 12 years, who died somewhat suddenly on that day. Mr. John Harvey, J.P., was Coroner, and Mr. Jones Foreman. Eliza Watts, widow, mother of the lad, deposed that about 2.40 a.m. on Monday he jumped up and complained of a pain in the stomach, and was . sick. After the pain had continued some time, she gave him a teaspoonf ul of painkiller, and applied a mustard plaster to the stomach, which seemed to give ease. In half an hour the mustard application was renewed, after which the pain ceased. She then gave him a tablespoonful of castor-oil, and a little while afterwards some tea, which he threw up, and then went to sleep. When he awoke he was very cold. Then put hot water to his feet. Mrs. "Williams advised her to send for the doctor, but witness declined because he was a stranger. About 12, as her son seemed comfortable, she lay down on her bed in the same room for about half an hour, when, upon seeing him turn, she went to him, and found he was dead. Daniel Russell, John Tippett, and Mrs. Williams gave corroborative evidence. Dr. Stone, called as a medical witness, said he was of opinion, judging from the evidence, that the cause of death was inflammation of the stomach, aggravated by the painkiller which was given to the child. Verdict—"That the deceased came to his death by natural causes." STORM ON YORKE'S PENINSULA.—The local Press says that on Saturday : evening Wallaroo was visited by a very heavy thunderstorm. The thunder was very loud, and the lightning exceedingly vivid. The night was as black as Erebus, the wind raged furiously, and there were occasionally heavy showers of hail. A torrent of water swept down the railway towards the sea, which the Moonta .bus essaying to face was quickly carried from the line and overturned—fortunately without material injury to either passengers or driver. The Ka^iria bus that brought the mail was obliged to come to a standstill about a quarter of a mile from the terminus, the line being impassable. The stonn appears to have been but partial, not reaching Moonta, where it would certainly have flooded some of the shops in George-street, and not being felt at Kadina. Other parts of the country were flooded. MOUNT GAMBIER HOPS.—The produce of Mr. Thomas Williams's hop-garden is spoken of as first-class for strength and colour. The Standard regards it as proved beyond dispute that excellent hops can be grown at the Mount without difficulty, and that the product will amply repay cultivators. POTATOES.—For the information of any who are sceptical as to the suitability of the soil and climate of Mount Gambier for the growth of potatoes, we (Standard) are in a position to report that a patch of ground near town has this season yielded at the rate of over thirteen tons to the acre—eighty tons of prima potatoes having been bagged from six acres. This produce it is not unlikely will advance slightly in consequence of the crops at Warrnambool having turned out badly this season. EGGS USED IN PHOTOGRAPHY. —The Photographic News says:—" The annual consumption of eggs_ in photography is nearly a million in the United States alone, while the number used on this side the Atlantic is probably at least three or-four times as "great. Hence it maybe estimated that not less than five millions of inchoate fowls are sacrificed every year in the production of photographic portraits." FINE BREED OF COWS. — An Irishman, recommending a cow, said she would give good milk year after year without having calves, because it ran in the breed, as she came from a cow that never had a calf. THE INSPECTORSHIP OF PUBLIC-HOUSES.—The Government have decided that the Inspectorship of Public-houses shall be an office attached to the Police Force. It is believed that by adopting this plan efficiency in the discharge of the duties will be enhanced. It does not at all follow, however, that- the position will be conferred upon any one at present in the force. No decision has been come to upon the application of the Bench of Magistrates to have the appointment vested in them. TYNTE-STREET BAPTIST CHURCH. — Tenders -for the erection of a schoolroom in connection, with the new Baptist Chapel, North Adelaide, of which Mr. James Cumming is the architect, have been accepted. The cost will be about £1,150. A .large number of tenders were received, and the work will cost about two-thirds of the price that would have been required three months ago. BIBLICAL SOCIETY.—The second annual gathering of the North Adelaide Young Men's Biblical Society, meeting under the presidency of Mr. Samuel Bakewell, in the Friendly Societies' Hall, North Adelaide, was held on Tuesday evening, June 2L At the invitation of the President, a large number of members with their friends, besides numerous visitors, met for tea and social intercourse. He had provided an abundance of creature comforts, and after the tables were cleared an interesting meeting was held, under the chairmanship of Mr. T. Robin, : who -spoke of the wide influence which might be exerted by members of the class. As in physical nature each atom possessed an influence, so,their comparatively small and insignificant ' commencement would end in most important results. Each was but an atom in creation, yet they were going out into the world to take their places in society, and he trusted their profession and practice of that which made true and noble men would shed a halo round their path. This would be the case if thatpath was'' that of the j ust, which shineth more and more unto the perfect day." The report, read by the Secretary, Mr. C. H. Matters, gave a resume of their operations since last meeting. The average attendance had been 21, number on the roll 44, and undoubted success had attended the conduct of the class during the year. Their province was not to attract young men from the Sunday-school or other religious organizations, but to provide for the spiritual well-being of those who never attended a place of worship, or paid the homage due from the creature to the Creator. The motto of the Society was, " Come with us and we will do you good." Addresses of encouragement and advice to young men were given by Messrs. C. W. Priest, T. Matters, and Others; recitations and music also contributing to the general enjoyment of the evening, which was carried out with an absence of formality. At the close a resolution of thanks to Mr. Bakewell was moved by Mr. A. H. Scarfe, seconded by Mr. G. Howell, the proposer referring briefly to the active interest taken jn the improvement of the minds and morals of young men by the President, whOj under great difficulties, had established the Association in its present successful position. Mr. Bakewell made a feeling response, expressing gratification at being able to contribute in any way to the advancement of Christ's Kingdom, and especially by gathering around him a band of youths whom he trusted would leave their mark in the future. The meeting broke up after singing the National Anthem in an enthusiastic manner. THE MORPHETT-STHEET BRIDGE.—Mr. FarndeH, the photographer, has shown us two good views which he took on Tuesday of the Morphettstreet Bridge. As specimens of instantaneous photography they are very creditable, and as pictures they give a fair idea of the structure and of the interesting demonstration. STRATH AT,BYN RIFLE CLUB.—On June 21 the weather, on which shooting so much depends, was delightful, when the Strathalbyn Rifle Club met for their half-yearly champion match and the ownership of the silver shielded girdle. It was hoped that eight or nine would have taken part in the contest, but only five remained when firing time came, the rest having gone to windward and out of sight. Captain Rankine, who had fired well .all through the match, was taxed to the utmost on every point to the close of the800-yard range by the persistent way in which his brother (Mr. Andrew Rankine) was parallel with him almost shot for shot. Unfortunately, at 900 yards the latter's rifle-seemed as though it had had enough of it, for several of the bullets insisted on not going all the way to the target. However, at length the Captain outstripped every competitor, and closed the match with a score of 122 points, Mr. W. Colman being second with 116. Below are the distance scores:— Yards—200 500 600 800 900 Ttl. Mr. John Stark 25 106 Mr. James Rankine, 25 122 Mr. A. Rankine . 26 107 Mr. W. Colman 25 116 Mr. W.Eankine, sen. 21 69 THE UNION " MINSTRELS.—These minstrels gave another eatertainment at White's Rooms on Wednesday evening to rather a meagre audience. Of the vocal.and instrumental part of the entertainment we cannot speak too highly. In addition to the usual number of songs, the overture, a glee, and a concertina solo were capitally rendered, the last receiving an encore. But the troupe must think Adelaide people sadly in want of amusement and greatly deteriorated in their taste when they inflict upon them half-an-hour of such utter rubbish as-was contained in what was called a farcical sketch. What fun, if such it is to be termed, there was in it was caused by " an intruder" who would persist in asking a music-master for coals, and another who kept constantly bawling out at the top of his voice. The only point which was in the slightest degree redeeming in the affair was the appearance of a ghost. We are sorry to speak in this way of the performance, but Christy Minstrel entertainments lave hitherto, as a rule, been so good that we cannot refrain from mentioning the first great falling off, with the hope that the mistake will net be repeated. The proceedings ended with a burlesque of Professor Heller's second sight, which was cleverly gone through, and at times very laughable. CITY OP BRUSSELS V. BOSTON.—Our Melbourne telegram in Wednesday's Journal might, if read alone, have a tendency to confuse, as, up to the latest dates via Suez, no tidings had been received of the City of Boston, and the dates by that route are in advance of news via California. Mr. Isbister kindly furnishes some particulars of the City of Brussels' arrival, referred to in the message:—The City of Brussels (steamer) sailed from New York for Liverpool on the 28th March, with propeller broken. The following is the answer to a telegram sent to New York by the owners:—The City of Brussels lost both blades of her propeller when steaming about two knots against a N.E. gale, in long. 61° W.; the vessel's lifeboat took a letter from the master to the Idaho (steamer), which offered to stand by, but the City of Brussels wanted nothing, nor was any desire expressed for the passengers to be transferred. The City of Brussels was heading S.E. against a N.E. gale and high sea, going about five knots, with all plain sail set, in order to keep well south of the ice. Lloyd's latest shipping intelligence gives the following:—"Crookhaven, April 21. The steamer City of Brussels passed here at 6.30 a.m. All well; under sail. The steamer City of Durham and steam-tug Rattler accompany her to Liverpool." THE LICENSING SYSTEM.—A petition has been presented to the Victorian Parliament from a large number of female residents in Ballarat, praying that measures might be found for more effectively protecting the young of both sexes from the lures now held out by the vendors of drink, and that the flagrant immorality and kindred abuses connected with taprooms, dancing saloons, and similar licensed places of amusement might be promptly suppressed. MOUNT GAMBIER HOSPITAL.—In this institution the Standard says :—" The accommodation is still insufficient for the urgent demands made upon it. Last week a man named Taylor sought admission, having met with a severe accident while blasting at the Drainage Works, by which his face and one arm were severely burnt; but every bed being occupied, he could only be received as an out patient." PLOUGHING.—It is stated that in the South- East the introduction of double-furrow ploughs has led to a material reduction of the price of ploughing, and 8s. per acre is quoted as the price at which a large extent has been taken. 