BELIEF TO THE SICK .AXJ) IKE POOB. . 3?BOM time to time we liave occasion to advert to this well-worn subject, and although it may somewhat pall upon repetition, we must continue to do so until some more satisfactory arrangement is arrived at. For years the Maldon Hospital has languished under the neglect of Government, and but for the noble manner in which the people of Maldon have come forward, must inevitably have been closed, and thus disease would have been promulgated, accidents left antended to, and miserable deaths have occurred at our verjdoura to the disgrace of any civilised community. The Ladies' Benevolent Association has done an incalculable amount of good, has kept the wplf from the door of many a struggling family, who were guilty of-that serious crime; 'poverty, has helped^ by Ipaus and gifts, many "a poor widow to gain the bread lor her hungry children, and by a ticket far 9 bed and 3 meals kept many a poor low from the temptation to commit some crime which would at least give him foodand jshelter, even though it came to him through tli6 iror bare of » lock-up or gaol. Beyond one paltry' sum, received at the hands of the late Government, the wbole of the funds have been raised by the/people themselves. The present Ministry have acted somewhat more justly towards the hospital by giviug that institution a larger grant for Inst, year than tbe so-called " People's Ministry " ever did ; but even this is inadequate for requisite purposes, in viesr o.f the alarming increase of illness in the district, attributable very likely, in a great measure, to tlie coutinued drought. There are now 19 patients withiu' the- hospital, and last week we know of an instance where an ii>mate had to roll himself in his swag on'the floor, "because there "were not sufficient blankets, mattrasses, or beds, in the. institution-to provide hitA -with accomodation otherwise. It is true tli^t this case was not one of great hardsliip. but it might have been otherwise,; and, : at ull events; serves to show t hat the committee are crippled'Ky 'the want of funds. - That)ks to :the .Maldon Garnck Club, the Government dole wpb ibr soitie time supplemented," blit unfortunately "the departure from Maldon of -tlie lady and gentleman wlia were the life and eoul uf the. club, combined with the successful efforts of tbe " curmudgeon," ti prevent -thai 'assist-. iidgeot]/' fo p; riven'by wliicU leads us to eoppose that 8ome*pecii»l ieffort must be inade in order ti keep'U]) tbe efficiency of the institution, whether by a fair, as of old, or by other means, those Who take an active part in these charitable works must decide. Another expense is now fchown to be necesBaiy- Dr. Byrne bavipg the metnbersof idl the Friendly Sw'ei^ .on Mal- 'don to attend to, can give but very little time to the hospital,- and the consequence is that seventeen out of the nineteen patient® to be .placed under tbe care. of. Dr. O STeill, and'iMiife" number is'all tpo many for him to: properly look after without destroying bis private practice—and this could not.be thought of. Hence arises" tbe necessity, pf engaging a resident surgeon, as will be eeen by the reportin another column... TheJadies are making an effort to establish a series of concerts in aid pf ;their association, ^nd ire have little doubt that they will be successful —for which i{iey b»ye our hearty good wishes. Now, these faira, ..pert^nntmcee, basa&rs;, and. concerts'* ate alLvety right and proper in -tliei r way, iut .the way ia unsatiBr^ factory^juad :unjust. 3S»e few are fiterei^ taxed for the many . Generous Jack, with nothall'the Hany, is taieil, up their g». . free, -,«nd ^ ^ofe oii/thuiking meanwhilewhata Jool Jaek>:» is. It is beginning to be plain that the : colony cannot go on much linger hiding the t great wealth, there is a ^ery' ihick^ substration of fearful want and miaety,^hd'afce sooner the 1 iWialiture T^ogriisea tUelfact and acts upon it jSie better it irill be. That we«aDnot go on mticb longer i^itho^t jAiek and poor tas is gettingtoo obvious. To_talk of the shame of a golden colony requiring Buch a tax is mere bunkum, the shame resting in tbe feet that after it is proved to be absolutely requisite, it is not established.' Let us in each district have the power to-levy tax—up to its requirements, and the .jich graspiug miser would pay his fair share, and be deprived of the alligator gfiu lie now indulges in afthe expense of the philanthropist: The secretary lothe Maldon Pospit^l has nodved q circular from the Ti-easuiy stating that, iu view of the hardship the contemplated reduiiiciu? in sahcidy vould eutail upon some of the Snstitutiooe in the conntiy districts, tliie laes of jdistiibjlitiou; will not be altered at present. , In these diifs of drought the loss of a Urge tank of irJter is vo menu loss. Mr Petersen, however, met sodi a loss on iliftrsday morning, and HI sudi a angular maimer ihat it is woi thy of meption. Mr P. had a .pretty Jidn ot lamh jint by for Uf found tkats certain cat had made off with it. Ppor puss was trial and. considering that Mr P. was the judge, jmy and ^tuess. St U "«Wt "iwixWil sentence iras deaOi. the judge to he Uie cxecutioner. Having no gicanns of liis oi\\-n, he torrotved a gnu Ivoin a u^glibot, who kiudly loaded it; irnd «wieteia« overdid his kmducss. The cut had taken refuge in the meantime uuder the large lauV full of uater in the yard. Mr p. could jnst eee the fiery of his viciiui, aud '"V ; "C ® ateadjr aim lie fired, eud • iuiraediutely "fell hack." The gun had been much orer, charged, the thooter uttered an exclsmation of pain aud surprise, the cat gave oiip jell and died, and simultaneously came a rush of water from t\»e tank, througii which Mr P. had-cleverly drilled thirty vexatiously pretty little holes. He uow Eays— Douner und DJlitzeu! yes, by tarn ! if not I will loat rifle mine self owu next time." n The inmates of a store in Eiifclehaivk were put iuto , a-high state of perturbation one night last week by hcariug mysterious tiuises rroceediug as it were froa* the floor beueatli a bed-room. The sounds were orthodox to the festnhliJied noises made hy the ghosts, of fiction—a rattling of chains and a piteous moaning sound, as if coming from tbe spirit of a soul in torment. The affrighted household were all. aroused, and its head, bring sceptical as to ghosts, armed himself with a loaded pistol. The sounds ceased, and the cellar was found to be tenautlesB. All at onee they were renewed with redoubled fury, and this time it was eviilcut that they proceeded iiom between the flooring hoards and the ground—say, a foot of space. The femiuiue portion of the household cowered together and whimpered "* ghosts "—the head of the department, however, still stolidly said " thieres," unmindful of the obvious fact Lhat a TOim could not have got into such a |>osition, aud that even ir the thief were of the Tom Thumb geuus and was there, he would uot be ass enough to u-ake noise enough to raise the dead, bnt would have rather remaiued .is quiet as a mouse. " Speak, or 1'Ii Jioot, shouted Ihe-elicited Hibernian, "I lell ye, I'll shoot if you don't speak." At length came the reply in a prolonged and dismal Mol-r-r-roiv, and on lights being procured it was discovered that the domestic cat had been on a nocturnal ramble and got caught by the leg iu a steel trap, set by some neighbors not fuud of the midnight serenades of grimalkin; the trap had been fastened by a chain,- but the poor cat in her agonies haJ pulled chain and all from the jk>£, and l ushed home with tbe awkward eiictunbtaiioe. Hence the uuwoiited noise. The fears on tlje one hand, aud the threats of "I'll shoot,"' on the other, now gave way to peals of laughter (after poor pussy had been released}, and slumber again stole over the household, all its inmates bang quite pleased that their protector had not shot the cat. We hare received the prospectus of The Caetlemaise Beprteentaiive, a new daily journal, price one penny, the first number of which is to be published at au early date. It is in the Loyal Liberal interest, and" as a general election is pending it - will at all events have a good chance of keeping its nose above water; but we much doubt if iu ultimate tate will be much better than its predecessors, all of which hare had to. succumb. The money market in in a depressed condition, and day after day sees copyerte from tbe old bat doctrine—not a ,»ery -Tiriglit looV-out lor proprietore! His Honor Judge Skinner (again, says the Skjattm Guardian; made an onslaught upon the prevalent vice of peijurj-. Nothing shocked him more, hesaid, than to £ud,a witness take the word of God in liis bauds and speak that which is not true. Theft or even highway robbery were more tolerable than the Constant tam[iering with truth with the holy word of God in a witness's bauds.' There had been judgments in the witness-box, persons had dropped aead'jn giving evidence, and lie had known others led faintingou£ofihe box. This burst of itidiguaLion was evoked upon the counsel for the defendant in Chapman v Tyson opening lis cvse by stating that his client would -give an entirely different account to that, of plaintiff, of what passed at a particular interview when froth plaintiff and defendant: was present, After hearing the catse, his Honor so ikr altered his opinion as to say, that he did not think peijury had been committed, and that the difference in the secoonU was no more thfiui what might take -place in the versions of twomenof an' an* important interview yhicU had taken -place two years before.. ', The jsse of the two boys, aentenced "the Bench £at Elmore for j&ealing; patches, islikelv^o lieiirought' under the no'tia^if.tUe.ExepitirelyOunciir: -Ifa-'the ^school-boy crime" which wjis committed, one,lad, George Hamilton, ^tai'sent to'gaol for two montia^ with hard labor, and tbe second youth, John^Frfer, was sentenced to foniteen dajtf imprisonment, and to be afterwards confined in die fieformatoiy for one year. There is Irat one opinion respecting the severity of the punishment; and a memorial Is In course of signature to his Excellency prayiug- for the mitigation of the seutencc. Mr A spinidl, whilst promising that the memorial shonid receive cousiderauanj • referred to the misbtken notion ,-whidi U preralent of die ohjcct for which our reformatories were institated, and -sajd they were insiitu'ted by the State for. the kindly guardianship and-.protection, of children .who are, from wlifttever «u8e, 4«priTed of .paternal tantrol. _ ! : " 