NEW ZEALANOV;; <, :? 1HE PABIAKA 'MEETING.-THE ' ARRIVAL OF V.< . " TITO-KOWABU.r * w:." -"i : On the morning ,0/ 4he. 21,at, September, j ! intelligence' was brought to Pariaka that j Tito Kowaru was close at hand; and the | natives at that -village left for the purpose of welcoming .him -in-- their vusn$l style. !Each had a branch of' some treb in fiis! ' hand, which, as they walked; they waved above-their heads, at the same -time utter ing a cry of welcome. ' As ^Tito Kowaru and his followers drew near- ifr was found that they were 80 men and 6 women. The men are. described as being very powerful, and "-were dressed in 'the usual bush cos tume-a plaid shawl fastened round their hips, andshirts over their-bodies; and in the. head of each were white feathers. Tito kowaru,'With'his one eye and horrid-loot ing countenance, was superbly dressed for a Maori chief. He wore, a mat made of very fine native flax, the fringe of which was composed of green and white feathers. On bisliead he Jiad ia cap formed fromrthe plumage of some black Cirdj and in ~the. centre,-standing up in front of the peak,] was a scarlet leather.' Beneath the mat ; might be ,seen a plaid-shawl, which was tied round 7 his^hips, and? *rhich reached j below hist*knees j" he" had" also a new plaid! Crimean- shirt.On Tito: Kowaru coming: within: speaking distance, much .-was said! both by Mr. Parris arid, the rebelthat.it} would be impossible r to put on paper.! Accusations were made on one side: to be' repudiated by, the other, and vice versa.\ The civil commissioner called on his natives; not to-look uipon the man who had defiled himself. Tito Kowaru abused Mr. Parris in return, and so Wednesday passed. ' Tito Kowaru was then invited into the village,' but before entering, when about 100 yards oft, they all discharged their firearms, and came forward with their guns unloaded: On the Thursday .Tito Kowaru expressed a wish to hear what all the, talk had been about. He said he had been a long time dead. Mr. Parris then stuck up the Sticks, and explained the whole that had been done; and Te Whiti came from his plat form j and again put the sticks.under, his feet. Ngairo, of Wairarepa, said he was in favor of the kirigr Tepini said that Parris had spoken what was perfectly true. The Europeans had- sent missionaries to them' first, and they.had directed them to look up to heaven. - Afterwards the Queen had" come,. and whilst they were looking to heaven the Europeans looked upon the soil.: " Those were the wicked things that arrived with -the -Queen," continued he,,, holding up a gun; those were the teeth the Queen pent amongst them to bite them," Mr; Parris said he bad nothing to say what ever about the - missionaries. That was an old story. When the Government came to the country it'brought a good many things with'it'no doubt-both good: ajul evil,' for Satan always followed the works of God to try and destroy what he did. Nothing was-perfect- in the world; .whilst Satan was striving all he could against God's works. Tito Kowaru said to Te Whiti, after he had put his feet on the sticks, "I have heard what you said. If those (meaning the King and Government) are to be 110 more, who is-who is-the person?'' Te Whiti--" It is I. Iain the only person." Tito Kawaru-" By whom were you. begot ?*' Te .Whiti parried the question, although asked it many times. At last Tito Kowaru said, " Who is there l ehind you ?" Te Whiti---" There is one Father, one Son, and one Holy, Ghost ,. altogether there are three ; yes, they are three, yet are but .one, and that is I." After some more bantering between these two chief?, Mr: Parris-got up and. said there was only one way'of'settling the thing; that was by allowing the leading men of the country to meet the Governor* and to talk the maiter over, and try to bring about a better state ol' things. Te Whiti was soinewhat .excited at tliis, be cause the natiyes seemed t'o.agree with the civil commissioner's remarks, and some of Tito Kowaru's people cried out " Parris is right." Te Whiti, said* "I see' and hear. You all approve of/ what .Parris has said; even Tito Kowaru's people are with him. Go every, one of you with him, and fulfil your heart's ; desire ~ kill, and eat each other, rob, get: drunk^ commit adulteryv sell laridjmake roads - do everything the wicked are intended tor-. but don't loo^j back, on me!afterwards.*' Mr. Parris said* " The task miist be gone on with".; Tie roads must be: made, and (stretching out bis hand to Whiti) give riie my children, thatlmay go Van d do it." Te Whiti made-no .-reply,. but^ndeayqured to laugh it off.; -Tito Kowani, coming into \- the centre with a; bright double-barrelled gun in his hand) said, " I have come to Pariaka. I now1; return to Ngatimaru. I shall turn my back upon Taumatamaboe and Tawhana (meaning; the whole of the Ngatimaniapoto). Tawhana's work is his, and I have nothing to do with' it. My eyes turn to Ngaire, and to the, sea. My mind night^and .day is only thinking of Ngaire. I will never strike another blow unless I am attacked. If my face is scratched I shall retaliate. Oh, all ye people assembled, I now bid you farewell. I go to my camp for the night, add in the-morning leave on i my homeward jo'ufneyi" Several asked hini ] to stop, and asked, hini, if.lie iyas angry: by his: leaving so quickly. Ile said-"No; but whatis ;,there; |n: the talk ?1! have heardv what: you said, buvifdon't' see the. end.; It is usel'ess.,, You. call the people ' from the right arid from ; the left-r-yqu say nothing-no more." :'..Tito Kowaru then rose, and he and his followers left in a body. Thus, ended the . Pariaka- meeting, over, which much excitement has been occa sioned all over the coloriy. ; ' EXTBAOBDINABT: mabbiagescene. We take the following from the report appearing "in. the TarunaM Herald,'oi'the great natjye meeting at Pariaka, at which Mr. Civil Commissioner Clarke was pre sent " Friday Septeinberl6 was, devoted toia sort of saturrialia; amongst the natives, and, each" hapu . endeavoured to outdo the other in'the performance of the most gro tesque, acts in the movements of their limbs and the most horrible contortions of the face. During the day Te Whiti was mar-? , ried to Mr.' Parris in the following laugh. atil«manner:-4Te, Whiti brought forward a jl^rge 'trptigb^ about, three feet long by one "foot deep) containing a large quantity of a mixture called "lillipee,' which is manufactured from, rotten maize^&c; He asked Mr. Pairis to come and eat with him. T'he civil commissioner then came forward and said he could eat 'lillipee,' and would join Te Whiti if it was to be in friendship. The old chief looked at Mr. Parris a few seconds,1 as if weighing the meaning of the word'spoken, , and considered well before he answered whether he should commit him-: self or noi He. however, decided'to eafcin. friendship, and, nodding to Miv Parris, dipped his hands into the mess; afcd:took sjome. The civil , commissioner followed, srntj and had tp swallow^ quantity of the filthy staff,/? Te Whiti and Mr. Parris then iook hold of the tr 'iigh and conveyed it to; onp of the baipus, where it was divided airiongst the people assembled. Mr. Parris, to .Complete the consecration of the mar riage, sent to his tent for a bottle of wine, and;a large damper with currants in it ; arid; taking the former from the messenger, poured' out a glass, and handed ; it . to Te Whiti, calling upon a native priest wiio was present to perform the ceremony of: 1 marriage between Te Whiti and Parris.' ;The wine was drunk, and' a portion of the cake eaten by the chief. As part\of the ceremony consisted in others partaking of: a portion of the wine, a native gave; a. taste to: each by pouring a small quantity into, their mouths.-- He was followed by. another ;man with the damper, and each Maori in ihis turn took a bite from the cake* After! this ceremony was ovet, more fun ensued, which lasted till sundown." j NEW ZEALAND. GOBII.T,A, The Thames Advertiser, N.Z., has- the following respecting: . an. extraordinary ; animal which; has been captured at Porter's Greek This animal was caught: in a swamp^by dogs;; the legs, or arms and legs, were tied, and it was lodged in a vacant room in Mr. Baker's store; and now for the descriptionThis Maori gprilla has, it is stated, a head somewhat like a native, but two tusks stick out:, , one on each side of the head. There is a large tuft of hair on the top of the head. The body is as dark as that of a Maori, with hair on the arms and legs. He grunts somewhat like a pig^ So far for the description. The ani mal is. apparently miscellaneous enough in his - feeding, for we are informed, that he eats potatoes, piecrust^ and nuts. We are informed that he is to be brought over here for public exhibition^ and.we must say we should like to see him. Since, writing the above we have received some further, and,: .in come part, contradictory particulars. The animal," or monster, has been living with the natives for a long, time,..although I 'it.is now, as^tated above, in the keeping of; .Mr. Baker. ..It would almost appear'that the famoiis ' missing '-link* hias been dis covered at last. The natives say that it is 100 years bid, and that it is a ' tupuna' or ancestor. Thus it seems they are not'so pi;oud as we are, who do not care about believing that we are-descended from mon keys. These natives are not prejudiced, and the " learned Professors Huxley and Darwin {would hail them as men after their own hearts. Two.gentlemen werfryesterday oyer at Wharekawa, and offered a pretty large :sum. for this animal, which -is' to decide the aeveJop^eh]671K^i^UBt~the negotiation for its "possessiob- is not" con cluded/' . ......i.. Dastaedly OUTBAGE otf a CHINAMAN. \--The Pleasant Creek News reports: -"Mr. Geary; inspector of schools, when gravelling in the neighbourhood of Edenbope the other day, came lipori a Chinaman stretched upon a sandbed, and horribly mutilated. The rool of the. mouth was smashed, a number of teeth broken;: there was a gash in, .the foreheadr a portion of one of the hands was ^fractured, wHile* the; face of the unfortunate man was smashed, to aimummy. Mr. Geary strapped the poor fellow to his buggy, and drove him into -Edenhope, several miles distant, administering brandy stimulants by the way. On-the road the Chinaman muttered ' Me die 'you take money,'- producing~.at -the^saine ..time a cheque for a considerable' amount. When" somewhat relieved by the aid of the Eden hope doctor, the unfortunate man stated the cause of the attack to be somewhat as follows:-He had been working for Mr. Smith j the ownerof a station in the locality, as gardener: but latterly a new cook had been engaged, who refused to work for the Chinaman. This matter led to dissensions amongst the men, and resulted in the Chinaman leaving. The owner of ihe station, however, was so annoj'ed that he turned away some of the hands, including the cook, and these followed the unfortunate man, attacking and beating him in . the savage manner described: It seemg,- how ever, that they were unable to find the 'cheque. The Chinaman made his dying depositions, and either one or two of the men implicated are by this time arrested, as the police stated tliey were sure of being | able to capture them. The life of the Chinaman is quite despaired of by the doctor." 