AVg-l»ifn-l»n<l-Kimi;-n<lJ-cr-AIiiiiatcrial. utterance of late, and Home still more curious defences of tlicm. The other dav Mr. Stzph ess was sagaciously silent upon the causes which had prevented the Ministry of which he had beeu a member from effect ing in office the measures he advocated when turned out. Tnc Courier eamc to lus rescue in a manner which shotdd warn hiin to pray for deliverance from his friends. KHe-Wiur-not-a-bad-maursaid- his-apologist— no, on the contrary, though everybody seemed afraid of. his intentions and distrustful of — his words, be meant on every occasion to do what was right and proper — only, if he saw the ghost of nn obstacle in his way, all his good intentions vanished. lie was so 'desirous of standing well with all men that lie could do good to no \«ip for fear of offending his neighbor. Tliis la.th'e sort of stuff of which the most mischievous cowards in the world have been made, for tKe kind of timiditv spoken of i> by no means incompatible with a remarkable' development of the spirit of self- preservalion. AVe do not believe so badly of the late Treasurer as to suppose that the imbecility in mora! principle claimed for him is Tnc leading trait of his character and conduct. He lias simply been a very inueh over-rated man— capable of producing something now and' then after long and laborious gestation, hut with the least pos sible-power of research or of applying its product, and almost incapable of spontaneous . energy whatever lie may-have of what Dis ks si. i calls spontaneous' aversion. — W-bat-lie does really matinee to see, he sees clearly, hut the circle pf his observation and his sympathy isconfineil. 'We don't -want a "microscope to view the heavens. Mr. Maoai.isteu is a -man of very different calibre. ' lie is not afraid of saying and doing the oddest things possible, "and then supposing the eccentricity to be genius.. I'ltua the other night, at Warwick, he found the Ipswich and Brisbane-- railway a legiti mate part of the general' railway policy of the country because there waB a necessity for it on stronger grounds than those basetl upon opening up country or deriving profit. , That necessity was, that it involved a carry ing out of a "general railway policy. Con-' sidering that for some years past he has consistently declared that that railway policy, in his -view of it, esprCHsly. excluded the idea of -any line between Ipswich and Brisbane, he i» entitled to credit for his skill in dis co vonnfgoclfrffriaiEiarTnid'1i1gTeouhi'ger.1ir avowiug it. It. seems to us that he should have' good reason to dread " Hansard" where hifviews upon this and other questions have been from year to vear recorded. ; And if bo \ were as his late colleague is described' by ltiB apologist to he, lie would indeed bo in terror every -tiino lie opened one of those reposi tories of senatorial d nines. The number of contradictious would he infinite, the goad. . intentions abundant, and the product nought. Neither lias tbnt .speech-given' much confi dence to iiis friends'. That metropolitan journal which was wont to derive inspiration from his suggestions, and' to trumpet forfh his merits, scums to have bad its sympathetic yearnings frozen tip by the late cold weather, ft don't quite like the three years indili'erenee which lie professes to have entertained to the political circumstance -.which time developed during that period. 'It ucduseti liim of fuint-hcartcdhcas and wnnt of .porse- — venture, in short, "some iicw'luininary must \- he. rising to eclipse the fading beams of that " ;wltose light-has-Uroubt iio-growtlrimd' no" fruition, Alas, that light should sometime Inrso-brtrrcn— — : i What are we -to, do, anil where' tiro. .wo to go i There is to lie h consolidation ol'-the . Liberal party j bill who are to he the items consolidated ? Will they, like hi r. Ln,i,i:v's consolidated statutes, cease to cohere from want of funds to pay for cohesion? One of the philosophers of Laputu had a recipe for reconciling differences of opinion liy snwing the skulls of the opponents nicely from the top and then giving to each tli'o half taken from the other. The tWo halves of brain in such close proximity wero assutiied to merge into consistency. Could the caution" of— iStepiie.vs and the rashnesa of MAC.tr.TSTEn he thus pressed and caulked ns it were into'a linrmonious.mass, what rctiulls might not be obtained, always supposing, the notion of- self-advantage to have been ori- ginallv equal ? Is there none of the .new progressive sclioolib devise brain schemes for such a result, and then see what would come of it ? But that done, there is Mr. Jaaiss Tat- ion, the truthful and the large- hearted and refined, aud ilr. (ioue. the suave and grace ful, and Mr. Pai.vo. facile .of advoeaev as a good bank_no:c of conversion, ana. Mr. Li li.ev, the man of great aspirations to whom time is to do the justice which a dis contented Assembly denied. You might Tirol, into 1'bisq. and r ire rerta. but nothing of known jioiver could bring Gobe and Limxr info harmony. Once again, where are we to go ? Are the Israel of liberalism scattered as sheep having no. shepherd, and is it because the sheep .have no wool worth shearing ? I.'.-: the politicians, professed and profes sional, apply themselves to the solution of these .problems. The people of this colony have to apply aii instructed andintelligent common sense io the exigencies of the case. Two millions or so of our debt are unpro ductive because our railways don't end in a market and are'so managed" as to drive away traffic. Extend the line to the market and m-lnpp ft,,, f . Tb.-. fldmimgrmtinn of justice is such that we neither know the law nor ran find it. Cheapen and simplify law, amd make the judges work. Our finances are out of order because we speed more than our income spend less and abolish the luxuries of ornamental institutions. Let us all, uhether-as individuals or as a com munity, think le.ss of going whining to a Governin'ent for event help we think we want, — learn to relv more Upon ourselves, both in doing oiif duty and in seeing that those we entrust with" power do theirs (to sec which in truth is part of our own-' obliga tions), ami for the res: the words of CBOit- wei.l are apiosite, " Trust in God, but — keep your powder dry." M 