LITERATURE. Notices of New Publications:v AUSTRALIAN SONGS AND POEMS. By Frederick Syd ney Wilson. Gibbs, Shallard, and Co., Sydney. MAXY of our readers have, doubtless, met with detached songs and poems from, the pen of F. S. Wilson. He has for some years been a contributor of occasional pieces to various colonial publications, and has established a reputation of a not indefinite kind amongst lovers of poetry. He has considerable facility of versification, and an oxtensivo vocabulary of words and phrases-qualities which, when possessed in large measure, have a great deal to do in the formation of the poetical character. Of course ono may possess these qualities largely, and still bo far from xeachinsr the true poetical standard, as established by the unanimous consent of people of feeling and taste. Fluency of expression and facility of versification, as well as large powers of imagination, depth of thought, and sensibility _ to * outward impressions are essential in the composition of a poet. Some of tho vilest stuff that has ever found a pub lisher, and that has been dubbed poetry hy its unhappy authors, hhs been composed by mon having a fair knowledge of their language, and capable of stringing rhymes together at pleasure. Even Pope had scores of imitators, in his own day, who copied his metre and phraseology so success fully that several of their anonymous poems wore attributed to him-for twenty-four hours at least ; but the falseness of the sentiment, and tho grotesqueness of tho imagory, or tho entire absence of both senti ment and imagery, rendered the imposture impossible for a much longer period. And it is a very common misapprehension on the part of young people, to mis take a regular and harmonious jingling of words for the higher evidence of poetic power in themselves, though they seldom make so gross a blunder when criticising tho productions of others. Tho reward of success in poetry-perhaps the highest sphere of intellectual exertion-is so high:that it is not surprising so many of our educated youth waste their efforts in futile attempts to achieve -immortality-" standing amidst the roar of the surf^ormonted shore," or " gazing moodily, with folded.arms,.on tho giddy throng of the ball-roorn,'.'. and- endeavouring to collect "impres sions", therefrom, which r shall, be handed down to the latest posterity in imperishable verse. - But happy is he -who soonest learns to criticise his own productions by the light of those works which Vtho universal- approval of mankind has stamped as masterpieces-; , and who resolves that if he cannot be a great poet he will he nothing. Fortunately a con siderable proportion of aspirants for poetical fame do fi&offl;éií,early disgusted with the apparent hope .JeVraÖä1-. of their efforts, and forsake tho path wpîp&i;,leads hy Parnassus, for some less difficult-- route to tho temple of fame." We. have too abundant evidence, in the immense mass" of wishy-washy stuff which constitutes nine tenths of modernpoetry, that some young gentlemen, once smittoa with, tho madness of versifying, are evermore incurable. To be a true poet it is necessary that a porson have some depth of thought, sensibility, descriptive power, and a fertilo imagination corrected by sound judgment, in some ono of which attributes ho should at least equal the first masters of divine Bong. A man who is inferior in each of the respects we have enumerated may achieve an ephemeral notoriety, but ho cannot transmit his name to posterity in company with tho select few who are the representatives of their species in every age and clime. How small is tho number of these select is patent from the fact that only some dozon are at the present day so classed in Christendom ; and a fow conturies will, in all probability, lessen instead of increaso the number. Of course wo do not dispute that time and accident blot out some works of genius ; but this should be another deterrent to the aspira tions of our young would-be poets. There are two things clear-that there is no other sphere of intel lectual exertion where so many fail as in poetry, and that thero is no kind of intellectual labour so gene rally ill-rcquited as that entailed by dovotion to its service. Young men who aspire to become poets must understand the path to fame in direction is one on which there is much trial and suffering to be undorgono, with very little prospect of pecuniary emolument, and still less of permanent fame. Mr. Wilson's unpretending little volumo, let it be remembered, is nothing more than a collection of fugitive pieces, struck off from time to time, appa rently without much preparation, or without ofibrt. Tho author confines himself to no particular metre. Ho adopts with equal facility tho favour ite measures of Moore, Tonnyson, Poe, and other masters of versification. The only place where we discorn an attempt at forming a measure for himself is in the beautiful fragment entitled " Lost in tho Bush," which is cast in alternate lines of ton and eleven feet, in stanzas of four lines each, or what aro termed gradations. And upon this frag mont Mr. Wilson could stako his claim to ho consi dered a poet in the full sense of tho word. It would bo nothing to tho purpose were nino-tenths of tho littlo volumo before us beneath mediocrity. Whilo " Lost in tho Bush" remains Mr. Wilson's name will be mentioned with rospoct by all who have an appre ciation ©f the profoundly pathetic in description. Wo givo a fow versos from this, in its way, \insur passcd fragment : It lay upon tlio sand-n shrivelled thing, On whioh tho sun in freakish humour slanted ; A lonosomo crow nuovo it flapped its wing, And o'er tlio dead a dreary requiem chanted. Some shrodt of rag about tho ruin hung, To show the ghastly thing had once boen human ¡ And whore the skin together scarcoly clung Tho bright skull gleamed-tho brow once kissed by woman I A pair of stockman's boots.malf filled with sand, A saddle, soiled of time and changeful weather, A blanket hid with fern, a glistening hand That held in death tho rotten garb together. How many, who havo loved and looked in vain ' O'er whit ry fields, and when tho heos were humming, "Will watch and wait, and look and long again To hear tho old familiar footsteps coming. How many ghost-ltko omens, ono by one, Will toll their death-knells for the absent brother? And tears for this- perhaps her only son, Will wet tho lashes of his widowed mother. Her faith can never fade-her hope decay: Despair my dull the edgo of Friendship's sorrow . But she (as wrcck'd mon watch for break of day) ' Awaits his coning with tho coming morrow. In tho verses on a drowned girl, Mr. "Wilson also displays exquisite pathos ; though tho effect of the poem is sadly marred hy a little forced sentiment as of " a -weeping crowd speaking softly as fearful of breaking her sleep." A few careful touches would render this poom a chef d'oeuvre of its kind . and wo trust that it will receive them before tho work reaches a second edition. Thore are ono or two other pieces in the work which are a long way above mediocrity, but which our space will not permit us to criticise. In candour, however, we nvuàt admit that, if Mr. "Wilson has_written some half dozen poems of great beauty in their way, ho has also written some of the most execrable rubbish. Such are the verses entitled " God bless our Sailor Prince." How'a man who wrote "Lost in the Bush" could perpetrate "The Australian Tribute to Royalty" wo are utterly at a loss to conceive. But this poem must be read to he appreciated. No criticism of ours could convoy an adequate idea of the sublimity of bathos which the writer has contrived to reach in the course of some thirty odd lines. We have said that Mr. Wilson evidently writes without sufficient reflection, and in proof wo would ask how could he otherwise write tho following, which is not a whit worse than hundreds of other line3 throughout the .vnlnmn : " Softly moaned Australia's waters Beneath the sobbing rock-hound shore, Singing gently like a love song . Sleeping nature sailing o'er 1 Then amid the wave-worn cavorns Sighing with à solemn roar 1 ! !" Hr. Wilson cannot learn too soon for his own fame, that it is of no use to attempt writing poetry till the intellect and heart are full of, and wormed ?with, tho proposed subject. Ho has shown us that .when he is thoroughly impressed with his subject he can convey his impressions in forcible and appro priate-indeed, in exquisite language ; but he has also shown us that not even a true poet can stir the heart of another whilst his own is in reality unmoved. He may rest assured that we would not have spoken so plainly had we not considerable faith in his innato ability to achieve a very high position in poetry ; and were we not conscious that in the endeavour to make a book he has overlooked the fact, that true poetical gems may be undervalued, or overlooked, -when surrounded hy Brummagem imita tions. A very small volume of such poems as "Lost in the Bush" would be sufficient to stamp him as a ppreat poet to the end of time. Let the world hear from bim again five years hence. 