PROFESSOR TYNDALL ON DUST AND DISEASE. A Stosa interesting lecture on this subject was delivered by Professor Tyndall, on the 12th January, at the Royal Institution, Albemarle-street, London. He said: "Solar light in passing through a dark room reveals its track by illuminating the dust floating in the air. 'The sun,' says Daniel Culverwoll, ' discovers atoms, though they be invisible by candlelight, and makes them dance naked in his beams.' In my researches on the decomposition of vapours by light, I was compelled to remove these atoms and this dust. It was essential that the space containing the vapours should embrace no visible thing; that no substance capable of scattering the light in the slightest sensible degree should at the out set of an experiment be found in the ex perimental tube traversed by the luminous beam." After describing unsuccessful at tempts to arrest the dust particles, he thus proceeded :--"I tried to intercept this floating matter in various ways ; and on the day just mentioned (5th October, 1868), prior to sending the air through the drying apparatus, I carefully perm?itted it to pass over the tip of a spirit-lamp flame. The floating matter no longer appeared, having boon burnt up by the flame. It was, therefore, organic matter. When the air was sent too rapidly through the flame, a fine blue cloud was found in the oxperi mental tube. This was the smoke of the organic particles. I was by no means pro pared for this result; for I had thought, with the rest of the world, that the dust of our air was, in great part, inorganic and non- combustible. MIr. Valontin hald the kindness to procure for me a small gas furnace, containing a platinum tubeo, which could be hoeated to vivid redness. The tube also contained a roll of platinum gauze, which while it permitted the air to pass through it, insured the practical contact of the dust with the incandescent metal. The air of the laboratory was permitted to enter the experimental tube, sometimes through the cold and sometimes through the heated tube of platinum. The rapidity of admission wis also varied. Then in a table of six experiments it is shcwn that air passing through the cold tube was full of particles, when passed through a rod-lot tube it was optically empty. "The phrase 'optically empty' shows that when the conditions of perfect com bustion weore present the floating matter totally disappeared. It was wholly burnt up, leaving not a trace of residue. From spectrum analysis, however, we know that soda floats in the air ; these organic dust particlos are, I believe, the rafts that sup port it, and when they are removed it sinks and vanishes. When the passage of the air was so rapid as to render imperfect the com bustion of the floating matter, instead of optical emptiness, a fine blue cloud made its apearanco in tl.e experimental tube. The optical character of these clouds was totally different from that of the dust which pro duced them. At right angles to the illumi nating beam they discharged perfectly polar ized light. The cloud could be utterly quenched by a transparent Nichol's prism, and the tube containing it reduced to optical emptiness. The particles floating in the air of London being thus proved to be organic, I sought to burn them up at the focus of a concave reflector. One of the powerfully convergent mirrors employed in my experi ments on combustion by dark rays was here made use of, but I failed in the attempt. Doubtless the floating particles are in part transparent to radiant heat, and are so far incombustible by such heat. Their rapid motion through the focus also aids their es cape. They do not linger there sufficiently long to be consumed. A flame it was evident would burn them up, but I thought the presence of the flame would mark its own action among the particles.. In a cylindrical beam, which powerfully illuminated the dust of the laboratory, was placed an ignited spirit-lamp. Mingling with the flame, and round its rim, were seen wreaths of dark ness resembling an intensely black smoke. On lowering the flame below the beam the same dark masses stormed upwards. They were at times blacker than the blackest smoke that I have ever seen issuing from the funnel of a steamer, and their resem blance to smoke was so perfect as to lead the moet practised observer to conclude that the sppgren:ly pure flame of the alcohol lamp required but a beam of sufficient intensity to reveal its clouds of liberated carbon. But is the blackness smoke ? This question r"ested i:self in a moment. A red-hot ,Aes was placed underneath the beam, and fi-a _. the black wreaths also ascended. A oe-. hydxogen flame was next employed, a2- it produced those whirling masses ef d-k-ess far more copiously than either rth sd:rit-flame or poker. Smoke was, Ah?ref re, out of the question. What, then, uws the blackness ? It was simply that of stellar space; that is to say, blackness re sulting from the absence from the track of the beam of all matter competent to scatter its light. When the flame was placed below the beam the floating matter was destroyed in situ, and the air, freed from this matter, rose into the beam, jostled aside the illumi nated particles, and substituted fbr their light the darkness due to its own perfect trans parency. Nothing could more forcibly illus trate the invisibility of the agent which renders all things visible. The beam crossed unseen the black chasm formed by the trans parent air, while at both sides of the gap the thick-strewn particles shone out like a lumin ous solid under the powerful illumination. But hero a difficulty meets us. It is not necessary to burn the particles to produce a stream of darkness. Without actual com bustion, currents may be generated which shall exclude thb floating matter, and, there fore, appear dark amid the surrounding brightness. I noticed this effect first on placing a red-hot copper ball below the beam and permitting it to remain there until its temperature had fallen below that of boiling water. The dark currents, though much en feebled, were still produced.-Oxygen, hy drogen, nitrogen, carbonic acid, so prepared as to exclude all floating particles, produce the darkness when poured or blown into the beam. Coal-gas does the same. An ordinary glass shade placed in the air with its mouth downwards permits the track of the beam to be seen crossing it. Let coal-gas or hy drogen enter the shade by a tube reaching to its top, the gas gradually fills the shade from the top downwards. As soon as it occupies the space crossed by the beam, the luminous track is instantly abolished. Lifting the ahade so as to bring the common boundary of gas and air above the beam, the track flashes forth. After the shade is full, if it be in verted, the gass passes upwards like a black smoke among the illuminated particles. The air of our London rooms is loaded with this or ganic dust, noris the country air free from this pollution. However ordinary daylight may permit it to disguise itself, a sufficiently powerful beam causes the air in which the dust is suspended to appear as a semi-solid rather than he a gas. Nobody could in the first instance without repugnance place the mouth at the illuminated focus of the electric beam and inhale the dirt revealed there. Nor is the disgust abolished by the reflection that, although we do, not see the nastiness, we are churning it in our lungs every hour and minute of our lives. There is no res pite to this contact with dirt ; and tlhe wonder is, not that we should from time to time suffer from its presence but that so small a portion of it would appear to be deadly to man. And what is this portion ? It was some time ago the current belief that epi demic diseases generally were propagated by a kind of malaria, which consisted of organic matter in a state of motoer-decay; that when such matter was taken into the body, through the lungs or skin, it had the power of spreading there the destroying process which attacked itself. Such a spreading power was visibly exerted in the case of yeast. A little leaven was soon to leaven the whole lump, a more speck of matter in this sup posed state of decomposition being appa rontly competent to propagate indefinitely its own decay. Why should not a bit of rotten malaria work in a similar manner within the human frame? In 1836 a very wondorful reply was given to this question. In that year Cagniard do nla Tour discovered the yeast-plant, a living organism, which when placed in a proper medium feeds, grows, and reproduces itself, and in this way carries on the process which we name for montationi. Formentation was thus proved to be a product of life instead of a process of decay. Schwann of Berlin, discovered the yeast-plant independently; and in Feb ruary, 1837, lie also announced the import ant result, that when a decoction of meat is oeffectually screened from ordinary air, and supplied solely with air which has been raised to a high temperature, putrefaction never sets in. Putrofaction, therefore, lie affirmod to be caused by something derived from the air, which someothing could be de stroyed by a sutliciently high temperature. The experiments of Schwann were repeated and confirmed by Helmholtz and Ure. But as regards fermentation, the minds of choemists, influenced probably by the great authority of Gay-Lussac, who ascribed putre faction to the action of oxygen, fell back upon the old notion of matter in a state of decay. It was not the living yeast-plant, but the dead or dying parts of it, which, assailed by oxygen, produced the fermentation. This motion was finally explodod by Pasteur. Heo proved that the so-called ' ferments' are not such; that the true ferments are organised beings which find in the reputed ferments their necessary food. Side by side with these researches and discoveries, and fortified by them and others, has run the germ theory of epidemic disease. The notion was expressed by Kircher, and favoured by Linurnus, that epidemic diseases are due to germs which float in the atmosphere, enter the body, and produce disturbance by the development within the body of parasitic life. While it was still struggling against great odds this theory found an expounder and defender in the president of this institution. At a time when most of his medical brethren con sidered it a wild dream, Sir Henry Holland contended that some form of the germ theory was probably true. The strength of this theory consists in the perfect parallelism of the phenomena of contagious disease with those of life. As a planted acorn gives birth to an oak competent to produce a whole crop of acorns each gifted with the power of re producing its parent tree; and as thus from a single seedling a whole forest may spring, so these epidemic diseases literally plant their seeds, grow, and shake abroad new germs, which, meeting in the human body their proper food and temperature, finally take possession of whole populations. Thus Asiatic cholera, beginning in a small way in the Delta of the Ganges, contrived in seven teen years to spread itself over nearly all the habitable world. The development from an infinitesimal speck of the virus of small-pox of a crop of pustules, each charged with the original poison, is another illustra tion. The reappearance of the scourge, as in the case of the Dread nought at Green wich, reported on so ably by Dr. Budo and Mr. Busk, receives a satisfactory explana tion from the theory which ascribes it to the lingering of germs about the infected place. Surgeons have long known the danger of permitting air to enter an opened abscess. To prevent its entrance they employ a tube called a cannula, to which is attached a sharp steel point called a trocar. They puncture with the steel point, and by gentle pres sure they force the pus through the cannula. It is necessary to be very careful in cleansing the instrument; and it is difficult to see how it can be cleansed by ordinary methods in air loaded with organic impurities, as we have proved our air to be. The instrument ought, in fact, to be made as hot as its temper will bear. But this is not done, and hence, notwithstanding all the surgeon's care, inflammation often sets in after the first operation, rendering neces sary a second and a third. Rapid putrefac tion is found to accompany this new inflam mation. The pus, moreover, which was sweet at first, and showed no trace of animal life, is now fetid and swarming with little organism called vibrios. Professor Lister, from whose recent letter this fact is derived, contends, with every show of reason, that this rapid putrefaction and this astounding development of animal life are due to the entry of germs into the abscess during the first operation, and their subsequent nur ture and development under favourable con ditions of food and temperature. The cele brated physiologist and physicist Helmholtz is attacked annually by hay fever. From the 20th of May to the end of June he suffers from a catarrh of the upper air-pas sages; and he has found during this period, and at no other, that his nasal secre tions are peopled by these vibrios. They appear to nestle by preference in the cavi ties and recesses of the nose, for a strong sneeze is necessary to dislodge them. These statements sound uncomfortable; but by dis closing our enemy they enable us to fight him. When he clearly eyes his quarry the eagle's strength is doubled, and his swoop is rendered sure. If the germ theory be proved true, it will give a definiteness to our efforts to stamp out disease which they could not previously possess. And it is only by defi nite effort under its guidance that its truth or falsehood can be established. It is diffi cult for an outsider like myself to read with out sympathetic emotion such papers as those of Dr. Budd of Bristol on cholera, scarlet fever, and small-pox. He is a man of strong imagination, and may occasionally take a flight beyond his fact; but without this dynamic heat of heart the stolid inertia of the free-born Briton cannot be overcome. And as long as the heat is employed to warm up the truth without singeing it overmuch; as long as this enthusiasm can overmatch its mistakes by unequivocal examples of suc cess, so long am I disposed to give it a fair field to work in, and to wish it God speed. But lot us return to our dust. It is need less to remark that it cannot be blown away by an ordinary bellows, or, more correctly, the place of the particles blown away is in this case supplied by others ejected from the bellows, so that the track of the beam remains unimpaired ; but if the nozzle of a good bellows be filled with cotton wool not too tightly packed, the air urged through the wool is filtered of its floating matter, and it then forms a clean band of darkness in the illuminated dust. This was the filter used by Schroeder in his experiments on spontaneous generation, and turned subsequently to account in the ex cellent researches of Pasteur. Since 1868 I have constantly employed it myself. But by far the most interesting and important illustration of this filtering process is fur nished by the human breath. I fill my lungs with ordinary air and breath through a glass tube across the electric beam. The condensation of the aqueous vapour of the breath is shown by the formation of a luminous white cloud of delicate texture. It is necessary to abolish this cloud, and this may be done by drying the breath previous to its entering the beam; or, still more simply, by warming the glass tube. I now empty my lungs as perfectly as possible, and placing a handful of cotton-wool against my mouth and nostrils, inhale through it. There is no difficulty in thus filling the lungs with air. On expiring this air through the glass tube, its freedom from floating matter is at once manifest. From the very beginning of the act of expiration the beam is pierced by a black aper ture. The first puff from the lungs abolishes the illuminated dust and puts a patch of darkness in its place; and the darkness continues throughout the entire course of the expiration. When the tube is placed below the beam, and moved to and fro, the same smoke-like appearance as that obtained with a flame is observed. In short, the cotton-wool, when used in sufficient quantity, completely intercepts the floating matter on its way to the lungs. And hero we have revealed to us the true philosophy of a practice followed by medical men perhaps more from instinct than from actual know ledge. In a contagious atmosphere, the physician places a handkerchief to his mouth, and inhales through it. In doing so he unconsciously holds back the germs of the air. If the poison were a gas it would not be thus intercepted. On showing this ex periment with the cotton-wool to Dr. Bence Jones, he immediately repeated it with a silk handkerchief. The result was sub stantially the same, though, as might be ex pected, the wool is by far the surest filter. The application of these experiments is obvious. If a physician wishes to hold back from the lungs of his patient, or from his own, the germs by which contagious disease is to be propagated, he will employ a cotton-wool respirator. After the revela tions of this evening, such respirators must, I think, come into general use as a defence against contagion. In the crowded dwell ings of the London poor, where the isolation of the sick is difficult, if not impossible, the noxious air around the patient may, by this simple means, be restored to practical purity. Thus filtered, attendants may breathe the air unharmed. In all probability the pro tection of the lungs will be the protection of the entire system. For it is exceedingly probable that the germs which lodge in the air-passages and which at their leisure can work their way across the mucous mem brane, are those which sow in the body epidemic disease. If this be so, then the disease can certainly be warded off by filters of cotton-wool. I should be most willing to test their efficacy in my own person; and time will decide whether in lung dis eases, also, the woollen respirator cannot abate irritation, if not arrest decay. By its means, so far as the germs are concerned, the air of the highest Alps may be brought into the chamber of the invalid." The learned professor was loudly ap plauded and congratulated at the conclu sion of his lecture, which was illustrated by a series of chemical experiments, to which a mere written report can render no justice. General Beauregard, the celebrated Con federate general is now in Marseilles. He has been for some time past the director of a railroad in Louisiana. His visit to Europe is in connexion with a scheme, of which he is an ardent promoter, for the construction of a Southern Pacific Railroad, starting from Charleston, in South Carolina, and traversing the Southern states to Sacramento, in Cali fornia. The convent case of Saurin v. Starr and Kennedy is now understood to be finally settled, on the following terms, viz. :-The £300 dowry to be returned (which is tanta mount to a verdict for the defendant); each side to pay their own costs; the suit in Chan cery to be set aside, each party also to pay their own costs; all papers which have passed in the suit to be returned to the respec tive parties, and all imputations on both sides to be withdrawn. On the Great Western Railway, near Southall (England), a special parcels train took fire, and a large number of fowls, geese, turkeys, and game of every description, and a great majority of other Christmas dainties, were either utterly spoiled or reduced to a half-cooked condition. The authorities gave away the worst part of this heterogeneous mass, and the remainder was sold to the porters, to whom geese were offered at from 4d. to 6d. each, and the other things at equally low prices. A Touoan CASE.-In Arkansas, Elder Knapp, while baptizing converts at a revival meeting, advanced with a wiry, sharp-eyed old chap into the water. He asked the usual question, whether there was any reason why the ordinance of baptism should not be administered. After a pause a tall, powerful looking chap, with an eye like a blaze, who was leaning on a long rifle, and quietly look ing on, remarked :-" Elder, I don't want to interfere in this yore business any, but I want to say that is an old sinner you have got hold of, and I know that one dip won't do him any good. If you want to get the sin out of him you'll have to anchor him out in deep water over night." RAILWAY PROiLEMiS IN AnIERnCA.- Under the title of Railway Problems in 1869, we have in the North American Review a caus tic exposure of some of the most gigantic jobs of modern time, by which a few daring and unscrupulous speculators of the United States have amassed colossal fortunes, have bought majorities in'the legislature, have invited the government to become responsible for nearly seven million dollars of annual interest, on more than 115,000,000 dol. of capital in debtedness, besides aiming at securing as special appropriations 224,245,520 acres of the national domain, or nearly one-half of the whole amount of territory now remaining un occupied. By the year 1800, it is estimated that the national government will be involved in the affairs of railroad corporations, two thirds of them insolvent, to.the extent of 600,000,000 dol. The railroad system is en couraging the growth of an aristocracy with private estates more vast and enduring than any of those which are perpetuated by the law of entail in England, with an influence greater than that of the Roman Catholic Church, and with representatives in the shape of directors, attorneys, or agents in every congress, and in each stats legislature. So complete is the organization of the great railroad corporations, that their forces are collected, disciplined, and told off, and then the measures are marched into the legislatures in solid column and carried through al most without a struggle. Single members of the corporations-such, for example, as Com modore Vanderbilt-control 200,000,000 dollars of capital and employ tens of thous ands of men; and the entire body "shoots out its ramificatious into every state and county and town of the whole Union, and wields all the power contained in 2,000,000,0000 dollars of wealth." How long will it be before a Napoleon or a Crom well springs from the plutocracy and over throws the republican institutions of Amer ica? A cute observation is that of a writer in Fraser's, who thinks " there has boon more improvement in ghosts than in any other thing during the past five hundred years." A dead reckoning-calculating one's funeral expenses. A horrible mystery is reported in the Now York Times. The now tenants of a house in East Twenty-eighth-stroot complained of a peculiarly offensive odour. A chimney, which had been sometime disused, was found to be fouled in the choke or sheet- iron covering of the throat of the chimney. A tinemith, who was called in, on removing the flue or cover to the range, exposed the baked and calcined remains of three infants, probably not more than two months old. Suspicion rested upon a woman who had oc coupied the basement and first floor ostensi bly as a nursery. Dr. Fordyce sometimes drank a good deal at dinner. He was summoned one evening to see a lady patient when he was half-seas over, and conscious that he was so. Feel ing her pulse, and finding himself unable to count its beats, he muttered, "drunk, by Jove! " Next morning, recollecting the circumstance, he was greatly vexed; and just as he was thinking what explanation of his conduct he should offer to the lady, a letter from her was put into his hands. She too well knew, said the letter, that he had discovered the unfortunate condition in which she was when he last visited her, and she entreated him to keep the matter a secret in consideration of the enclosed (a £100 bank-note). "I (Samuel Rogers) introduced Sir Walter Scott to Madame D'Arblay, having taken him with me to her house. She had not known that he was lame, and when he limped towards a chair she said, ' dear me, Sir Walter, I hope you have not met with an accident.' He answered, ' an accident, madam, nearly as old as my birth.' At the time when Scott and Byron were the two lions of London, Hookam Frere ob served, 'great poets formerly (Homer and Milton) were blind, now they are lame.'" "It's a great comfort to be alone," said an Irish lover, " especially when yer sweetheart is wid ye." A line in one of Moore's love songs runs thus-" Our couch shall be roses bespangled with dew." To which a sensible girl re plied-" T'would give me the rheumatiz, so it would you." ExTRAORDInm A REEUSOITATION. - A strange story is told by the Louisville Com mercial of the 26th ult. of the resuscitation of an executed criminal. A man named Kriel in that city was lately sentenced to death for murdering his wife, and was ac cordingly hanged in the middle of last month. Mr. Kriel, we are told, " went to his doom grim, implacable, and unnaturally firm." As is not unnatural with gentlemen in his position, " his desire to live was paramount to every earthly desire." When the drop fell it was observed that the closed hands and position of the legs and feet of the cul prit remained entirely unchanged, " showing a tremendous exercise of will and control of nerve." The neck was not broken, and General Whittaker, who was present at the execution, declared that pulsation in the carotid arteries of the neck was discernible after the gaol surgeon and his assistants de clared life to be extinct. After hanging some minutes Mr. Kriel was cut down and his body placed in a coffin: " the eyes, that stared half open when the cap was with drawn, remained closed after a slight touch upon them, and the face assumed an appear ance of rest. The red flushing of the cheeks came back to a certain extent, and the dark colouring on the neck under the knotted rope partially disappeared." No one seemed to have any charge of the body, and it was driven away in a hearse to the vault in the cemetery. "Now," says the Commercial, "comes the closing scene in this strange story. Near midnight a light waggon was driven rapidly out of Walnut- street, in which were seated three muffled silent figures-one of them a surgeon of great experimental knowledge, a firm believer in the theory of resuscitation of animal life through the gal vanic process. In the waggon were a mattress and several blankets. The waggon halted near the cemetery fence; the horse was held by the driver, and two men went to the vault, carrying between them a large sack well filled. In a short time they re turned, bearing with them a motionless figure shrouded in a blanket. The figure was placed on the mattress, and in silence the waggon was driven back to the city. The body was conveyed to the surgery of a most skilful and learned surgeon, where some ten or twelve excited and expectant students stood anxiously awaiting the arri val of the strange party. The body was placed in a recumbent position on the table, the clothing unloosed, the chest extended, and an incision made in one of the veins of the arm. At first but a small drop of dark coloured blood came forth; but repeated in cisions and manipulations of the body caused it at last to trickle forth more freely. The galvanic battery was then applied, and in less than fifteen minutes the warm blood commenced to course through the chilled body. The students stood appalled, and could hardly realise the extent of the demon stration before them. One of them spoke to Kriel, asking him, "are you sensible?" The eyes answered expressively, and thelipua opened ineffectually, for no speech came forth. Stimulants were poured down the throat of the revived criminal, and in less than one hour after he had been placed in the surgery Kriel sat up and asked them, "what have you done? Am I alive?" The consternation and yet the professional delight of the spectators were loudly ex pressed. Steps were immediately taken to save the life thus marvellously restored. Strangers disguised Mr. Kriel, furnished him with means, and by daylight a man, weak and tottering, but firm and immovable in his demeanour, crossed the river, and was last seen by a watchful, silent friend, who kept near him on the train leaving Seymour, Indiana, on his way to an unknown, but it is to be hoped a better future." Such is the tale told by the Louisville Commercial, which does not tell us where Mr. Kriel pur poses to spend his "better future." Possi bly he arrived in England with the last mail, in which case we may hear of him as a can didate for Tipperary, with every prospect of success. 