EUROPEAN NEWS. Wo Solcct the following ltoniB of tho latest intelligence from tho Sydney Morning Jlerald.—\l tho New Fear's Day reception at tho Tuileries, too Emperor Buid that the year 1870 could not but consolidaio tho good ralutions that oxisted between Franco and Euro pean Powers, nnd increase tho concord of universal civilisation. In replying to tho congratulations of tho Chambers, his Imporiul Majesty said, " Never wis an understanding bolwcon us moro necessary, and fur mutual benefit more advantageous than now. Y jur privileges huvo bion increased without diminishing tho position I hold from tho notion. Sharing the ro sponsibility of tbo groat bodies of tho State, I am more confident of ovorcoining tho difliuultirs of the future. I am like a travellor who, after a long journey, rotioves himself of a portion of his burden, wliieli does not, weaken him, but he rather gathers fresh couruga an! continued forco." Traupinaun's trial causes great cxoitcmont. 15/0 J persons applied to he present. He was pronounce! guilty and sentencod to death, Tho (Ecumenical Council opened on the 8tli, amidst gloom, rain, booming ot cunnoii, and peeling of the bells ot 3G0 churchos. 800 ecclesiastics wore present and tliousunds of spectators. Tho ordor of service was mass, tho inaugural discourco by tho Archbishop of Icoiiiuin, tbo Papal benediction, the honiago of members of tho Council to the Pope, nnd to the Holy Ghost, and a To Deum for aiisbsequcnt sittings were with elosod doors. Already there are roports of dis sension and intrigues umongst tho Fati.ors, and a strong opposition of Fronoh, Gorman, nnd American bishops to tho dogma of infallibility, but subtle moasures are taken by tho Pope and his Jesuit advisers to stiflo discussion by remitting obuoxioUB subjects to safe committees. The Bull communicated at the second mooting litis occasioned surpriso and indignation. If tho infallibility project is insisted on a groat disrup tion is probable. Tlio Council is expected to Bit for six months. Tho French ambassador has warned the Pope of tho probablo consequences of his bigh-hn'nded proceed ings. Tho President's Messago, alluding to the Alabama nffuirs holds England guilty of enormous wrong to America by our unfriendliness ; he would insist on on apology besidos hoavy damngos. Furthor diploma tic correspondence on tho Biibjcct has boon published. Nogociations when resumed must bo conduotod at Washington and avoid tho blandishments of English souiety. Tho present American Ministers afford small hopes of a spoedy settlement. Tho Portuguso Government iB becoming unpopular and weak ; Duko Saldanha, a popular military chief, aged 90, attacking the Ministry. An insurrection ap peared imminent, nnd tho Wur Minister resigned. Air. John Bright, in n speech at Birmingham, said that tho difllcuity of tho Irish land question increased with examination, but ho hoped for a satisfactory so lution. An ablo and sugsostivo papor, by Sir H. Drummond Wolfo, on tho constitution, funotious, and standing of tho Colonial Council appears in the Timet ; the Spec tator urges that envoys Bhoiild bo Bout from English- speaking colonies, bo that tlior may be in oonstant communication with tho Imperial Government. Mr. Boss urges tlio speedy completion of tel.s, pine communication with Australia, as calcuUi T a" iiicruuso immigration by annihilating tho m-ii.wi-'0 otfiunet dislanco. Prejuaice A niovoinont lias boen initiated to amalcamxlo «, Metropolitan Emigration Societies, and Govornm , aid is still invokod. ovornmsat Mr.'Tullorman had an intorviow with tho Emnora. Napoloon respecting tho extension of chouo An.h-Mi moat dinners to France. ' An»trallun An Emigrant-colonists' Aid Oo-oporativu Saeistv I. announced with u capital of £259,000. ' " Moro warehouses tor storing wool at tcducodnW.. . will be opened at Millwall Docks in February. 8#V 