leautiful trees ia tbe suburba had been ruthlessly cut down to short stumps. In the Zoological Gardens, which are one of the celebrities of tbe Cathedral city, cages had been placed in readiness to receive all the valuable animals, and send them off at twenty-four hours' notice. Suburban villas had been all cleared and abut up, the proprietors giving an under taking to pull them down at Bhort notice, otherwise they would have been cleared away forthwith. Promenades and avenues had all been condemned to destruction in case of emergency. Within|the city most of the great warehouses had been given up to tbtjfteovernment for hospitals and barracks. Even private houses had been partially relinquished, to the extent sometimes of one-half. A Government Commission, sent from door to door, had collected statistics of the quarters which would be available, and in a few hours whole regiments might have ?been quartered and provided for without -x-nfuaion. The inhabitants had further been enjoined to supply themselves with three months' provisions. Happily they have not had to share them with a beleaguered garrison, nor to consume them amid the noise of shells crashing through the roof of their Cathedral. Another private letter exhibits a corre sponding picture of Frankfort— Government and people identifying themselves, not in aggressive activity, but simply in preparing for the worst. 'It is a blessing,' says the writer, ?? to see all the different German States agree so well about this {war. All bitterness among the South Germans toward Prussia is at an end. It is United Germany that France attacks, and with which Napoleon has to do instead of with Prussia alone as he perhaps expected. There is great enthusiasm among us all, and under the skilful Prussian Generals we hope our soldiers will not be vanquished. Bavaria ?and the other German States have asked for Prussian officers, and the Crown Prince ha3 the chief command of their army. . . . Should the French win, Frankfort and its Buburbs will be in great danger. It is said that the chief Hospital will be there, and we shall have one in Vilbel too, which will give us an opportunity to do something for the poor soldiers. We are already beginning to prepare bandages and lint. Just now we were reading Napoleon's proclamation to his army There is some fear that his chasaepot is superior to the needle-gun, and that the mitrailleuse will be more destructive than the Prussianrifled-cannon. He may be victorious, and in that case how fearful a fate it will be for us. We hear that there is such a dearth of provisions on the French side that should they not succeed in getting their troops on to German soil they will be in great straits.' Since the Puritan blood of New England was fired for the defence of the Union, military patriotism has not thrilled a nation as it did the Germans while their troops were hurrying to the frontier three months ago. The melancholy boast of Dr. Holmes, that there was hardly a family of old standing in Massachussets but had offered up a son or a brother on the altar of their country during the civil war, may almost be paralleled in Rhineland. It may already be asserted that not a single Prussian household is unrepre sented in the Volksheer now marching on Paris. The Bonn letter above quoted men tions a gentleman who had six sons with the army, and could with difficulty keep away the youngest, who was but sixteen. He himself only regretted that he was too old for service. From Frankfort, under date the 24th July, we hear the same refrain of popular enthusiasm. 'On Friday the last reserve was called out here, and there is scarcely a family now but has had to part with some one going to the war ; ? goes as a pharmaceuist in one of the Field Hos pitals. Every day there are soldiers marching through, and trains are continually passing the station crammed with soldiers— all for the Saar. To-morrow King William, with Bismarck and Von Moltke, is going through to Frankfort, where it was intended at first that he should have his head-quarters.' In prognosticating, as we did at the first outbreak of the war, that the French could not advance far into Germany, however suc cessful they might be in their first encounter with the German troops, we assumed cor rectly that there would be a strong bulwark behind the army of the Fatherland. The Fatherland has supported and encouraged its defenders. Had they been worsted it would have risen to shield them and to help them to rally. Defeated or victorious it would never have allowed them to lie untended in hospitals, or to be stinted in their commis sariat. In its proudest anticipations it never thought of sending a German army to Paris, nor in its worst despair did it ever fear that a French army would reach Berlin. The homes of Western Germany have passed through the ordeal of impending danger from a foreign foe, and nobly did they brave their energies to meet the worst. What must be the misery and desolation inflicted by the actual presence of an enemy amid the homes of Eastern France? A New Jockey Club.— Let there be one more attempt to form a Jockey Club!— Such is the decree of an influential meeting of sporting men which took place at the Globe last evening. The time that has elapsed since the last Club gave up the ghost is lengthening into years, and those who have neve££eased to chafe under the thought of South Australia's destitution in Turf matters are determined to make another effort. There never was the faintest idea of suffer ing horse-racing to become defunct, and the interregnum that was expected to prove sufficient to revive the sporting instinct has now expired. The colony has long enough stood the reproach of being the only province unable to number Turf pursuits amongst its local industries, and the cordial way in which the hint to resuscitate the Jockey Club was received on Friday night gives assurance of more satis factory results than attended the abortive action taken more than a twelvemonth ago. The initiation of the movement is committed to one who has exhibited an ardent love for field sports in various forms, and if he fails it will not be from want of exertion. There certainly should be no need to contemplate such a contin gency as failure. So long as Turf affairs are so mournfully neglected as they have been, South Australia can scarcely hope to keep up her name as a good, horse-breeding country. She may be able to send out an article that will give satisfaction, bat she cannot hope to attract the notice of outside customers. More than that, besides losing her name and character she will not have the means of enabling breeders to make public trial of their young stock and to compare their horses withtboee having a different pedi gree. The natural, the inevitable effect of this must be to give them a leaning towards other colonies that offer them greater facili ties. No doubt the perpetual feud about the racecourses has caused more delay and dissatisfaction than anything else, but if a strong Club was organized 'this question might easily be settled afterwards. At all events, the disagreements of the past and difficulties of the present should not be allowed to keep the colony hopelessly in arrear of her neighbours in this matter. The English Mail.— It is quite possible that the English Mail may arrive this afternoon, although it is not actually due till Tuesday next. Three times during the present year the branch steamer has arrived at Glenelg on a Saturday, namely, on June 4, July 2, and September 24. On each of these occasions the interval between the dispatch of the Marseilles portion of the mail and its arrival here was only 42 days, and the average interval this year has been but a trifle over 44 days. Our latest telegraphic in telligence-is to September 6. The incoming mail will probably bring forward the news to October 4. During the intervening four weeks events of the greatest importance must have transpired, and the news will doubtless be eagerly looked for. Adelaide Hunt Clcb.— The settling for the late Hunt Club meeting took place at the Globe Hotel on Friday evening, when there was a large attendance; Mr. A. J. Baker in the chair. Gratification was generally expressed at the success of the late steeplechases, and after the usual toasts had l»een honoured, Mr. M. L. Conner was appointed to make preliminary arrangements for the formation of a Jockey Club, to obtain promises of subscriptions, and afterwards call a meeting to consider the subject. The amounts handed over to the successful competitors were as follows; — The Cup — Unknown, £52 10s. ; Launcelot, £14 ; Celt, £Z 10s. Amateur Flat Race— Duke of Wellington, £17 10s. Hunters* Stakes— Typo, £36 15s.; Celt, £9 16s.; Lauucelot, £2 flu. Drag Hunt— Varo, £7; and Prince Charlie, a whip, presented by Mrs. Bickford. Athletics. — A general meeting of the South Australian Amateur Athletic Club was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Friday evening; Mr. A. E. Harrison in the chair. The balance sheet showed a small debit balance. The resig nations of Messrs. H. F. Peacock as Secretary and C. H. Oldham as Treasurer wore accepted. Messrs. W. L. Wyly and H. F. Jackson were appointed their successors. Messrs. A. E. Harrison, W. Higgins, E. P. Nesbit, W. L. Wyly, and H. F. Jackson were chosen as Com mitteemen. About a dozen new members were admitted. After thanks to the Chairman, and the late Secretary and Treasurer for assiduous services, the meeting closed. Gold Extraction.— It is being proposed to form a small Company to import »ne of Mr. G. Milner Stephens's quartz-crushing and gold washing machines for use on the Barossa Diggings. The Gawler Times remarks:— ' From the extraordinary results obtained by the use of these machines in New South Wales it is highly probable that their introduction on the Barossa Diggings will effect a revolution in the productiveness of these gold-fields. It is well known that there is a large quantity of ground containing a small proportion of fine gold, but not, with present appliances, in paying quantities. In all probability it would pay to rewasb, in one of Mr. Stephens's gold and diamond cradle amalgamators, the whole of the soil in Spike Gully, and we should be surprised if during the process some precious stones were not discovered.' Native Industries.— We have been informed that the Chamber of Manufactures havo pub lished 500 copies of the paper recently read by Mr. George McEwin on the preparation of dried and preserved fruits, and have also pur chased from Mr. G. Francis 250 copies of his very useful book of instructions upon silk culture and the general management of the silkworm. These pamphlets may be obtained gratis upon application to the Secretary of the Chamber, or at all the retail seedsmen in the city, where they have been deposited for dis tribution. It is also the intention of the Chamber to place some at the disposal of Mr. K. Vaughan, of the East-End Market, for similar distribution. Exporting Reapers.— The G 'aider Times says: —'On Tuesday a reaper was dispatched from Messrs. James Martin & Co.'s yard to Port Adelaide, en route for Melbourne, per steamer. It would then be sent per rail to Echuca and thence conveyed by steamer up the Murray to Albury, in New South Wales. This is rather a roundabout route, and we should think also an expensive one. Wo should have thought the most direct and cheapest route would have been to send it to Mannum, on the Murray, and there tu have put it on board one of the river steamers; but we believe the route adopted was the one ordered from the other side. This is not the first reaping-machine Messrs. Martin & Co. havo sent to the other colonies.' Lecture.— On Friday evening, October\21, the Rev. J. Y. Simpson, at the Pine- street Lecture Hall, in connection yrtth the Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Association, the liev. S. T. Withington in the chair, delivered his lec ture on 'Old-Fashioned Gateways.' It was given in an easy, entertaining, and humorous manner, and was evidently much enjoyed by a large audience. The rev. gentleman adverted in an amusing way to the lines written by Geoffry Crabthorn on 'Nescs,' that feature having been previously alluded to by him, and concluded by repeating the exquisite lines finishing with — ' This world is full of beauty, As other worlds above; And if we did our duty, It might be full of love.' Thanks to the Chairman and lecturer closed a very pleasant evening. Sunday-School Festival. — The annual festival of the Sunday-Schools connected with the North Adelaide Congregational Church took place on Thursday, October 20, in the Exhibition Building and Grounds, which had been kindly lent for the occasion. A variety of games were provided for the children, who heartily entered into the spirit of them, and appeared to derive much enjoyment from them. In tho evening they marched back to the schoolroom, and after tea the awards were distributed and a magic lantern was exhibited, much to the amusement and gratification of the juveniles. This closed the day's treat, which was participated in by nearly 400 children. Advising the Bench.— Judge Meymott, of New South Wales, has been censured by the Executive Council for a want of 'temper, patience, and courtesy towards jurors, wit nesses, and advocates,1' and admonished to be more careful, so that the Cabinet may not be forced to consider whether it is desirable that he should retain his position. Morphett Vale Crops.— In some few places mowing has begun ; the yield is a fair average, and owing to wild oats abounding a good breadth will likely be cut for hay, oven in many places where a clean crop was expected. The sheepweed is also threatening to monopolize more ground than is at all desirable. As many farmers are unaware of the weed included in the proposed Thistle Bill named 'stinkwort,' it would, our local correspondent suggests, ' be a very good plan if a sample could be placed in your or any other public office, that we may be alive to the danger ere too late ; for forewarned is to be forearmed.' Queer.— At Dunolly the landlady of one of the hotels owns a four-legged goose. Colonial Products. —Among the exports per Agamemnon, lately clearly out from Melbourne for London, were 3,655 cases, 65 casks preserved meat, and 646 casks of tallow, Bootooleb Races.— Saturday, October 8- was appointed for a day's sport, to try, the mettle of a few horses belonging to the shearers, men at the Meat- Preserving Works, and also at the Washpool. The weather was favourable till the finish of the last race, the Hurryakurry, ?when a heavy thunderstorm stopped sport, and dispersed the crowd in all directions, and athletics intended to wind up were postponed. Mr. Hughes, who kindly acted as Judge, was on his arrival greeted with hearty cheers by about 150 men and youths in his employ and a few farmers who have lately settled down in the neighbourhood. The first contest was the Booyoolee Stakes, a new saddle, value £6 10s. ; one mile; one event; entrance added. Six started — Messrs. James Francis's Playboy, P. Giles's Robin Hood, T. Bowley's Kose, H. Vogt's Bow, J. Watson's Anther, and M. Commane's Plenny. There was a dead heat between Playboy and Robin Hood ; and in the second, Playboy, ridden by J. R. Francis, beat easily ; Robin Hood, by owner. The second event was a race over four hurdles, 3 feet 6 inches ; mile heats ; £4, entrance added. Three started— Messrs. J. Watson's Anther, J. Hillam's Unknown, P. Giles's Grey Harry. First heat, won by Grey; second and third by Anther. The Hurryskurry, £3, with entrance. Unknown won, beating two others. The Stewards were Messrs. V. Mogg, A. McPhail, and J. Kelly; Starter, G. Andrews; Clerk, A. Bowley j Secretary, S. R. Crawley. Clare to Wallaroo.— We have been shown (remarks the Clare paper) a memorial to the House of Assembly which is now in course of signature in the district. It comes from resi dents in the north-western portion of County of Stanley and the south-western portion of County of Victoria, and prays that a sum of £2,000 be placed on the Estimates for tho forma tion of a road through tho Hummocks, near Black Point, and from thence on to Kadina, a distance of about 25 miles. The petition sets forth that the townships of Yorke's Peninsula are the natural outlets for the produce of the country above mentioned, and that no provision in the shape of roads has hitherto been made for that portion of the colony. Pastoral. — A good clip is reported from as far up as Strangways Springs. Colonial Salt.— The Kapnnda Copper Com pany are again bringing salt from the lakes in the direction of the Hummocks, for refining purposes, and are paying 45s. per ton for it. Wheat and Barley.— Fine samples of thoso crops in ear have been shown in Gawlor and Kapunda. The crops as a whole in the North are still looking very promising. Wool.— Numerous drays loaded with wool, from Dungaree and other runs, aro now passing through Clare to the railway stations. Crowd of Lunatics.— There are stated to be 320 patients in the Ararat Lunatic Asylum, Victoria. Teetotal. —The Sons of Tompcrance at Geelong are going to erect a hall there at a cost of £2,000. Poor Fellow.— The latest movement of the peripatetic pedestrian is noticed in these terms by tho Geelong Advertiser: — 'The Gorman tailor, traveller, and ' little fool,' Schafer, lias left the Benevolent Asylum, Melbourne, because tho officers of that institution, in which he had found a refuge, would not give him to spend the proceeds of a small cheque sent to him from Adelaide. It has sinco appeared that from June last Schafer has been receiving £1 a woek from the Oddfellows of Adelaide.' Medical.— A movement has been commenced with a view to establish a Medical School in connection with Sydney University. Muscular Christianity.— In Molbourne tho Church of England Grammar School, Scotch College, and Wesley College havo agreed to unite for the purpose of holding an inter scholastic competition in athletic exercises. Widows and Orphans.— Tho French Relief Fund Committee remitted from Melbourne by last mail over £250, subscriptions received to October 8. Independent.— The receipts of the Congre gational Union of Victoria, as stated at tho annual meeting, have been £419, and tho oxpon diture £384. Before the proceedings closed tho receipts were raised to £500, the Colonial Mis sionary Soeiety having offered to supplement their income when it reached that sum to the extent of 20 per cent. Provision for Pastors. —At the 10th annual meeting of the Congregational Union and Mission of Victoria, held lately in Mel bourne, it was stated that the Ministers' Pro vident Fund in connection with the denomina tion in that province has now a capital of £2,100. Medicinal.— As a large demand for the Daylesford mineral waters has sprung up in Sydney, arrangements are being made to supply that city with the liquid in 10-gallon copper cylinders, [From yesterday's Evening Journal. ] The First Telegraph Pole at Port Darwin.— We have seen an interesting photo graph from Captain Sweet's negative of the ' First Telegraph Pole planted at Port Darwin by Miss Douglas, ou September 15, 1870.' It represents the small group assembled on the occasion, including, besides the 'Queen of the Day,' a number of well-known figures in the following order, reckoning from left to right :— Dr. S. Millner, Mr. D. Daniel Daly, Miss Douglas (spade in baud), Mr. Dalwood, Master Walter Douglas, Mrs. Dalwood, Mrs. Douglas, ' Captain B. Douglas (Government Resident), Miss Nelly Douglas, Mr. Paqualin, Mr. W. McMinn, Miss B. Douglas, and Miss A. Douglas (with a Timor pony). Many of the likenesses are very good, but the bright sun has somewhat dazzled some of the features— a casualty which too often interferes with the beauty of open-air photo graphs. Society of Arts.— A special meeting of tho Society of Arts was held at the Institute ou Thursday, October 20, for the election of a representative at the Institute Board of Governors. Mr. F. S. Crawford movod, and Mr. J. W. Lewis seconded, the appointment of Mr. W. Everard, and the motion was carried. Amateur Theatricals at the Port.— A number of gentlemen resident at Port Adelaide have within the past few months formed an Amateur Dramatic Club, and with the assistance of Mesdomes Ray and Wallace gave an opening performance in the Port Town Hall on Thurs day evening. A temporary stage was erected on the platform, and the necessary scenes prepared for the occasion by Mr. Ray, on whom they reflect great credit. The Hall was exceedingly well and fashionably attended, more particularly in the reserved seats, and the arrangements throughout gave general satisfaction. The pro gramme consisted of the comedy of 'Th Honeymoon,' slightly condensed, and farce entitled 'Romance under Diffi culties.' In the first piece the leading characters were represented by Mr. T. Smith, jun., and Mr. B. C. DeLissa; the former taking that of Duke of Aranza, and the latter Count MonUlban. Mrs. H. J. Ray represented Juliana, and Mrs. Wallace Volante. Mr. Smith handled his part remarkably well considering that it was his first appearance, and was deservedly ap plauded. Mr. DeLissa's Count was also played well, although at times his voice was not heard as distinctly as could be wished. Mr. Crooks took tho character of Balthazar with credit, but Mr. Brown's Mock Duke was too much burlesqued. Tho ladies did exceedingly well, and the minor characters were ably filled. The satisfaction of the audience was evidenced by the repeated applause bestowed upon the performers, and at the conclusion of the piece a unanimous coll caused the rise of the curtain to enable them to bow their acknowledgments. The afterpiece was sustained by Messrs. Brown, Selth, and Clark, and Mrs. Ray, and created great amusement. The intervals between tho acts, &c;, were filled by the musical efforts of the Port Artillery Band. The Rainfall.— The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Thursday and the same hour on Friday has been registered as follows :— Tanunda ? 0-025 Normanvffle ... 0-020 Blanchetown ... 1*110 McGrath's Flat 0-010 Kapunda ? 0-050 Mount Gambier 0-180 Burra ? 0-060 Penola ? 0-110 Willunga ... 0-050 Narracoorte ... 0*170 Regatta at Port Adelaide.— It will be seen by our advertising celumns that a meeting is to be held at Ford's Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, to arrange preliminaries for the annual regatta, DOMESTIC ASPECTS OF THE WAR. [From the.^r«Bi?w Journal, j I he Prussian success has been so often' repeated, and each instance has so far im proved on all that had preceded it, as'kto demonstrate a irenuine superiority of lighting power. The morale of the French troops was at the outset better than that of the Prussians. The confidence of the French, people was greater than any which was manifested in the most sanguine part of Prussia. It will be remembered how the King in his proclamation on taking the field i cautioned his subjects against being dis couraged by a few initial reverses. He bluntly warned them to prepare for aa un favourable beginning as the Governmei^iad itself prepared. All along the Rhine, from. Landau to Dusseldorf, the French were ex pected on German soil. Cologne, Bonn, Coblenz, Bingen, Mayence, Mannheim, and all the powerful Rhine towns had been put under a defensive organization to act at once in the event of a siege. A private letter from Bonn, which ap peared in the Birmhrjlmn Daily Post, and to which we have already alluded, describes some of the precautions which had been exercised at Cologne before the end of July, and brings graphically before us a picture of the devastation which even the distant threatening of a Biege will cause. The 