STEPHEN v. STEPHEN. The following is the conclusion of this most remarkable "case". The first part will be found in our third page: - The general demeanour of Miss Caroline Piper in the witness box, the flippancy of her replies, and her avowed hatred of Mrs Stephen, forcibly reminded us of the Abigail whom the poet described, as " Quick with the tale, and ready with the lie - The general confidante and general spy." We do not say that Mrs Caroline Piper exactly answers this description; but there was a certain "earnestness" in her manner, not at all compatible with the position in which she stood as a witness. With that free and easy "grace" for which she has throughout been distinguished Caroline Piper thus continued her " nutty" narrative. The children and myself slept up stairs, we locked our- selves in, but were not desired to do so by Mrs Stephen. Mrs Stephen's bedroom was only separated from the drawing-room by a narrow passage. The other girl could see whether the " shake-down" in the drawing- room had been slept on. Herbert Croft stopped at Mr Stephen's whilst I was there. (All attention.) On one or two occasions, Mr Stephen went to have a " bogy" in Cook's River on Sunday morning. (Curiosity excited.) One Sunday morning, when everything was still, I saw Mrs Stephen come down stairs in her night- dress, like a Somnambula, and deliberately walk into Croft's room. (Terrible excitement.) I don't know, to half a second how long she stayed or what "little game" she was at. (Laughter.) I was dressing the children and the room we were in was in the same passage as Croft's. I saw her come down stairs all in white, but I wasn't frightened, because I knew it wasn't a ghost; she passed me and vanished through Croft's room ; 'twas on a Sunday morning, and she might have been saying her " prayers." I don't know. Mrs Stephen, when at Stanmore, received letters addressed to " Miss Paget "( great straining of necks and eyes). She ain't the Miss Paget mentioned in that beautiful story called " Birds of Prey," that was published in the Evening News. I used to go for the letters, but of course I never tried to look into them (sotto-voce exclamation of " faithful creature!"). When she got one, she wouldn't kiss it, but dressed herself, like the unfortunate Miss Dinah, in "gorgeous array," and soon after an elegant looking gent used to walk in quite leisurely like. Mrs Stephen received him in great state in the drawing-room. (sensation). On these occasions, she used to draw down the window blinds to prevent the sun spoiling the carpet, and lock the door to keep out the mosquitoes (excelsior excitement). They would remain in consultation with closed doors about half an hour-the gentleman wasn't a lawyer and Mr Stephen was always away at business, before he came (a frenzy of enjoyment) Mrs Stephen used to say to me, in a confidential way like, I wish Mr Stephen was gone-not to the devil,- but to the Office ; and when his back was turned I used to slip round the corner to the Post Office for letters which were directed to " Miss Paget, Stanmore Villa, Marrickville." She used to say, when I was going to the Post," Carry, run like a good dear, and don't be long" (laughter). She opened " the letters, not I ; indeed, I never dreamt of such a thing. She often said to me, in strict confidence, of course, that she couldn't a-bear the sight of her husband. I never saw Mr Stephen walloping his wife-he was the very model of an amiable, kind loving and tender husband, and I reckon myself a good judge of such domestic matters (admiring glances at Caroline from Mr Hellyer). I left their service, in Bourke street, Surry Hills, because Mrs Stephen wounded the delicate sensibility of my feelings, by insulting me (sensation). I came back at her pressing solicitation, to Somerset House-Lor, no, it wasn't Somerset House, in the Strand, London. I went back to do some handy work-it wasn't "hanky.panky" work, it was needle-work (great commotion). Mr. Roberts here took up the "running," and Caroline continued:-I retired with dignity, because my mistress insulted me ; it was not the first time she had somehow forgotten herself and my position (a sentiment of awe throughout the Court). She did not accuse me of stealing her purse at Brisbane-Yes, sir, I am well aware, that, He who steals my purse, steals trash ; But he who filches from me my good name-. Robs me of that which not enriches him, But makes me poor indeed. (An involuntary burst of enthusiasm followed Caroline's delivery of this well-known, but not much respected passage.) I had her purse (hair-standing amazement). She told me it contained £5 and something else (excruciating curiosity on the Bench). Of course I didn't believe her. I didn't gratify feminine curiosity by taking a sly peep into the purse, so I can't tell what the something else, was (expressions bf disappointment). It might have been a tooth-pick ; but I am quite certain it wasn't a " love-charm. " I lost the purse from my hand on board the steamer going to Ipswich ; it was hanging by a chain on my right little finger. I did not tell Mr Wrench that some honest laboring man had picked my " poke." I lost it in the cabin, and merely to gratify my curiosity I searched for it with Mrs Stephen for fully ten minutes ; but it.was no go. When I told her of it, Mrs Stephen took the loss very kindly." I did not tell Mrs Ste- phen of the interesting matters alluded to before, though I was so dreadfully disgusted with the world. The first time I opened my coral lips about them was when this case came on. My dear husband wrote a petite note to Mr Stephen, and that gentleman waited on me," and respectfully solicited my voice and interest (whispers of " excellent creature.") Mr Stephen and I had a tete a tete of about half an hour's duration-certainly it was an extremely agreeable one ; my dear husband knew all about it both before and after. I left her service at So- merset House. I gave her notice when she was staying at Mrs Dumonter's, but at her entreaty I remained. She never complained of my stopping out till half-past 12, and said she would'nt stand it. I was never out "after dark," as I was too frightened ; but she made a com- plaint just to have a "show off" (much pertubation on the Bench.) Yes, she is a fine mistress for anyone, for if she can't take care of herself, she can't take care of nobody else I'm sure. (Shuffling in Court.) I always had a bad feeling towards her-I dislike her (terrific tre- pidation everywhere.) Oh, yes: I doat on poetry though I can't make it very well-repent the lines- : What marvel that this hag of hatred works Eternal evil latent as she lurks, To make a Pandomonium where she dwells, And reign the Hecate of domestic hells ! Sklll'd by a touch to deepen scandal's tints With all the kind mendacity of hints, Whilst mingling truth with fulschood-rsncers with smiles, A thread of candour with a web of wiles ! (Caroline, who did'nt seem to relish the quotation, smiled faintly, and Mr. Hellyer seeing his witness in distress, objected to his learned friend's poetical recitations, on the ground that the poets are not "standard legal authorities"; the "point" was reserved and Caroline resumed). I always had feelings of disgust. I stayed with her because it was an easy place and I could , do just as I liked. She blew me up once for stopping out at night ; but I never asked her for employment, as my mama could not keep me like a lady (great irritation) ; I went back to her for fun, although I was so fearfully disgusted at her. There was no amiable reciprocity of feeling between us, she knew that from my manner and actions (gigantic excitement and perspiration). In my presence she has done all that I have stated (suffocating sensation in the Court). I never went to her for work, I went for money, and she kindly wished I might get it (merriment). I once went to see the dear children at Balmain-not to see her. I remained in their service 12 months because I had a few "soft words" with my papa, and it was such a dreadfully easy place-plenty to take and little to do. I was not there more than twelve months, and Mrs Stephen gave me an undeniable reference for that period. I positively swear that the deceased gentleman so often alluded to, managed " by hook or Crook" to sleep in the house, when Mr Stephen was absent ; once when Mr Stephen was at home he slept there, but on that occasion Mrs Stephen prudently slept in her own room. I never had the pleasure of seeing that gentleman in bed ; but I have seen Herbert Croft " lying in state," and a very interesting, youth he looked in his nightcap (roars of laughter despite the injunctions of the Jupiter Tonans of the Bench). I went into the room, not to look after Croft, but to fetch the baby ; he was not handy at minding the baby, but I went in to take the child from Mrs Stephen when, like a recumbent Venus, she was reclining on Herbert Croft's bed (astounding impression). At this stage, Bench, Bar, and audience being thoroughly " used up," their Worships with paying " marked attention to the proceedings, " the lawyers with "fighting," and the spectators with a violent attack of " sweating sickness"-an adjournment until last Tuesday was mutually agreed upon, when immediately a dreadful and determined struggle for freedom and fresh air took place-the doors were again speedily blocked up, and it was only when, with admirable presence of mind the police literally " dug out" some half hundred jammed and jellified specimens of half-cooked human flesh, that the coast was rendered clear, and Ada's voluntary victims found themselves rushing wildly towards the neighbouring hostelries, to soak their" baked clay" in the all-reviving specifics of Tooth and other eminent Pro- fessors of Alementary Philosophy ! The most unsophisticated "new chum" that over ventilated for the first time his ricketty " sea-legs" on the classic soil of Sydney, had he been in the neighbour- hood of the Water Police Court, on Tuesday morning last, might have " guessed " with Yankee precision that there was " something up"-something of a more stupendously " sensational" character than usually disturbs the tranquillity of this " fair and beauti- flu city '; and fills the very hearts of its peace - loving citizens with a frenzy of excitement. He would have seen clamorous crowds of hurrying men of all sorts and conditions, of every age and country, dressed in every style in and out of fashion-from the "swellish" representative of the Patrician order down to the " seedy " specimen of the plebeian class-all rushing in hot haste to that Templum Justitia into which " Laughter holding both his sides," is forbidden to enter on pain of being made an example of for the edification of the "million." The "new chum" would have seen all this and something more with wonder and amazement, and blessed his natal "star" that he had come to a fine country where, if there is not exactly " work," there is at all events plenty of fun for all who choose to avail themselves of the privilege of enjoying it. The petrified policemen gazed in silent horror on the " coming men ; " with undisguised dismay they beheld the " gathering of the clans," and saw them in dense masses take up a strong position "right in front" of that " Fortress" which they had fondly but foolishly been accustomed to regard as impregnable. The police saw all this, and with the heroic determination of men over- flowing,with loyalty to their Queen and country, calmly prepared themselves for the impending struggle. No sooner were the portals cautiously and slowly opened by the official janitor, than a cry was raised-a wild and unearthly cry-"the door is open." A momentary pause followed, and then, with the energy of desperation, the " besiegers"-as they do at the Herald office on Tele- gram days assailed the entrance, and in few seconds were "masters of the situation." As at all previous hearings of the " great case," the Court was tightly packed with sweltering humanity, like the hold of a South Sea Island "slaver"; the flies again fled, " disgusted," as Caroline Piper would say, at the anti- Rimmllean odours which steamed up from the " Grand United Order of Fun-loving Fellows, who would have been in far less danger had they been " braving the battle and the breeze," instead of inhaling the pestiferous atmosphere of a place compared with which the famous "Black Hole at Calcutta" was nothing more than a veritable and original "black joke." As on former occasions, the Bench was superbly decorated with bountiful specimens of the choicest "flowers" of Justice-some mere "buds" of Magisterial promise, others gorgeous in the pride of their "full blown" magnificence, whilst, not a few had lost, all their "fragrance" and were evidently in the "sere and yellow leaf " of existence, - a melancholy state of things, which scorned in no way, however, to interfere with their enjoy- ment of the " savory tit-bits" served up for their special delectation. The usual Proclamation against weeping and gnashing of teeth, haying been made by the Herald of the Court and all preliminaries finally adjusted, the world-exciting case of STEPHEN, v. STEPHEN, was re- sumed with all the imposing ceremonials of Water Polico Court etiquette Viewed from the awe-inspiring elevation of the Bondi, the scene presented in Court, at this moment, was one of the most impressive that could be imagined. The "heads of the people," so closely packed together, seemed to present an unbroken surface, brilliant with all thc colors of the rainbow, or nearly so-white, black, red, brown, grey and sandy being the prevailing tints - this curious combination of hues suggesting to a lover of Flora, the idea of a nobby flower garden. At the table in front of the Bench were seated the principal actors in this great "domestic drama," Francis Henry, and Ada Victoria Paget Stephen, attended by their trusty legal "squires" Messrs. Hellyer and Roberts, the former full of pro- fessional anxiety for the fate of his bearded client, and the latter gushing with cheerful confidence in the recti- tude of the cause of that poor being whom he had so chivalrously taken under his legal protection. There sat the husband scrutinising the wife ; and there sat the wife contemplating the husband with that peculiar ex- pression of countenance which an orthodox Mussulman would put on if offered the consolation of a glass of " brown sherry." Of them it maybe aptly said, as of another lady and gentleman, under somewhat similar circumstances - Don Francis and the Donna Ada led For sometime an unhappy sort of life, Wishing each other well divorced, not dead, They lived respectably as man and wife, And, yet, beneath those cold and unloving looks, there perhaps linger in the minds of both sad but sweet memories of other and happier days, when it seemed to them, As of there were no life beneath the sky . Save theirs, and that their love could never die. In that densely crowded Court of curious idlers, they were special "objects of interest"; and their follies and their failings were the materials out of which those idlers " made food for their mirth-yes, for their laughter," at the expense of those to whom, possibly, the touching language of Coleridge in his Christabel applies more forcibly than many may be disposed to imagine - Alas, they had been friends in youth; But whispering tongues can poison truth And constancy lives in realms above; And life is thorny, and youth is vain, And to to wroth with one we love Doth work with madness on the brain. And never either found another To free the hollow heart from paining - They stood aloof, the scars remaining, Like cliffs, which had been rent asunder. A dreary sea now flow's between But neither heat, nor frost, nor thunder Shall wholly do away, I ween, The marks of that which once had been ! Closely veiled, like an Eastern beauty, lest perchance the profane " eye" of Bell's Life should too searchingly scan her mature " charms," Mrs Caroline Piper again graced the witness-box, bringing with her the same "confidence" of demeanour by which her style of giving evidence-is so remarkably distinguished. Having co- quettishly adjusted her veil and honored the Bench with a glance that made the Worshipful hearts thereon pal- pitate with more than their customary susceptibility, Caroline thus continued her "Jottings by the Way in Queensland" : - On the journey to Toowoomba we rested for two nights. I can't recollect what two nights they were, and what's more, I won't try to recollect (whispers of -"She's a pluct 'un.") I have considered, but I don't know. I think I'd tell a lie, and that I never did in my life, if I said it was on a Monday. It was either Wed- nesday or Thursday; it was on both of those nights." I won't swear that Mr Wrench slept in a bed, on a bed, or out of bed on one of those nights. I won't swear he slept a wink, for I never saw him at all. He slept in a bedroom of course ; I can't exactly swear that he actually slept, but he occupied a bedroom any way. I swear that we stopped two nights at Ipswich ; we got there about dinnertime, but I cannot say at what hour we went to bed either on the first or second night. How should I know what was going on all night (awakened interest on the Bench.) It is not a fact - that we went to Too- woomba on the second. My mistress, indeed-she's not worth watching (astonishment.) My feelings towards her were always the same-bitter as gall. I was curious but not prying. I am only occasionally curious. I often have my curiosity excited (great laughter, but no " examples", made.) I supposed of course that Mr Wrench slept in his bedroom ; certainly he slept in his skin, but I don't know where Mrs Stephen slept - that was no affair of mine. I dont know whether there was any improper intimacy (alarming sensation.) There was none before my eyes, and I cannot see very well behind my back (much excitement) . Things looked very suspicious, and I think there was something in it (whispers, " why, she's a regular Iago in petticoats"). I slept three rooms from Mr Wrench, and went to sleep that night, not with Mr Wrench, but with fear and trembling, because I hadn't much confidence in my mistress's " chastity" (a tumult of excitement). Yes, it was very provoking, they wouldn't let me see what they were doing in the bedroom (uncontrollable merriment.) I think it's shocking for a gentleman to warm his hand in a lady's bosom (roars of laughter all over the Court). I won't swear that Mr Wrench slept in his room at all. I saw him there washing, but it was too late for me to have the pleasure of seeing him go to bed (merriment). I wasn't excessively amazed because they didn't invite me to join their society. If they had I wouldn't - oh, dear, no, there's no sour grapes about the matter. They had a railway carriage to themselves, no other lady was in it from Ipswich to Laidley. Oh, yes, I felt the same nauseating sensation of disgust both before and after I went to Ipswich. I am naturally delicately sensitive. I saw them both in Mr Wrench's bedroom (culminating excitement, and whispers of "now for it") It was in the afternoon, but not being an American I can't " guess" the time - Oh, my, I haven't been guessing all the day. Don't you fancy any such thing, it's not my fun. I dare say you are funny enough yourself sometimes (laughter, in which Mr, Roberts good humouredly joined). It was the first night we got to Ipswich they were in the bed- room together (ears erect). It was on a Thursday. You bother me so, I don't know what I'm saying. I mis- understood you, for I was paying no attention, I was admiring the other gentleman (Mr Hellyer). It was on the first afternoon the intimancy took place, between 3 and 4 o'clock. It took place after dinner by way of dessert. (Immense jocularity), Mrs Stephen walked as slyly as she could into the room. I was sewing and twigging her all the time of course. I had my side face towards her, but I can't say how far from her. I am not a "Ready Reckoner," but know that thirty-six inches make a yard (Court convulsed). There was nothing to intercept my view. Of course she didn't want to see me, but if she has eyes she must have done so. I was sitting - not on a rail, but on a door step working and watching (amusement). She had had a bath and was as fresh as a daisy (loud laughter). I heard the rustling of her silk dress. She was coming the artful dodge on tip-toe. I was taking her out of winding sideways, for I didn't want her to see me looking at her deliberately. I suppose you look sideways at the girls yourself some- times. I saw her feet, boots, and stockings. Being of an innocent turn of mind myself, I suspected nothing particular, although I am a little suspicious. They re- mained in the room about an hour. I remained patiently at my post of observation all the time (a stunning sensa- tion). The children were playing at " hopscotch'' in the front - you've often played at it yourself, I dare say. I've made a mess of it, l've sworn that it occurred in the night time and on a Thursday. It was on the first afternoon we arrived there. We might have been there some hours, but I can't say at what hour we arrived. (Here a pleasant interruption occurred to permit of the performance of a sparkling interlude, entitled "The Feather and the Straw," capitally acted by Messrs. Roberts and Hellyer). The applause this excited having subsided Caroline continued her acute observations. There was one servant in the house and a waiter - a rather good-looking young man for such an outlandish place. I don't remember the Laird o' Cockpen or any Mr Laird meeting Mr Wrench at the steamer. There was only a lot of black boys and I was so disgusted at the sight of them, that I nearly fainted (sensation.) Mr Wrench said they were his boys, but I didn't hear him say that he was their father (great hilarity in Court). Mr Wrench's boys carried his luggage ; I won't swear, so don't ask me, a gentleman was not there. I don't re- member a gentleman going with Mr Wrench to find the purse on board the steamer. I saw Mr Wrench all the time and it could not have taken place without my knowledge. I went with Mrs Stephen to the bedroom, but did not attend to my toilet, as I was dressed in full morning costume. Mr Wrench was not under my con- stant surveillance; I am not a " female detective." Mr Wrench went into the bedroom before Mrs Stephen. He was not undressed. The door was closed ; there was a key, but I don't think it was locked, for she opened it gently. She was in the bedroom about an hour. I have not sworn they had " dessert" between 3 and 4. I mis- understood you - you confuse me so. Do I like ice- cream ? I believe you, I wish I had one now. I never took one with Mr Laird ; I had one with Mrs Stephen and Mr. Wrench paid for it. Mr Wrench was never under the painful necessity of rebuking me for flirting with the waiter ; there was no high life below stairs going on. Mr Wrench, in his anxiety for my moral welfare, did not affectionately remonstrate with me on the impropriety of taking sandwiches and bottled porter with the steward of the steamer from Sydney to Brisbane. I never had the pleasure of doing so. Mrs Stephen dispensed with the attendance of," Mary the maid of the Inn," when she took her meals at lpswich, nor did her son Frank sit at table with her there. She told me in the strictest confidence, the same as I tell it to you, that she was glad to get rid of her children (sensation). It isn't a mere invention of my own - I am not fond of romanc- ing. No one was present of course when she told me so. She said solemnly, " Caroline, my dear, I am glad to got rid of the little devils - take them out of my sight" (Satanic sensation), she didn't say " little angels," what- ever she might have meant. The children had their meals with her at Toowoomba,' because Mr Wrench was not there. Mr Boyle met us at Toowoomba. Oh, yes, he's a very nice man in his way, from what I saw of him. All the tender performances they went through in the railway carriage were done openly (great attention). I have never read the Basia ot Johannes Secundus - I didn't know him. I never spoke to Mrs Stephen about this locomotive love making - if I had what would she care? Not a pin (general merriment). We didn't stop three days at Ipswich on our return, I swear that we stayed only one night. Mr Wrench was in the room with Mrs Stephen after the railway rehearsal of "Lovers' Vows." Oh, no, I have made a mistake, you bamboozle me so-it was before the locomotive " Love Chase," they were consulting in the room. Of course, I mean, what I swear to. Mr Hellyer, here tastefully adjusted his necktie, and arraying his expressive countenance in his sweetest smiles, relieved Mr Roberts of his load, and taking Caroline in hand, elicited from that charming needlewoman, the following additional " stitches" of evidence. I was not particularly anxious to tell Mr Stephen of all I felt, all I saw, and all I knew respecting Mrs Stephen. (Mr Roberts, here, gave Mr Hellyer some excellent professional advice gratis, not to be bolstering the witness. Mr H. indignantly repelled his learned friend's insinu- ation and wittily remarked, that although Mr R. had called him [Mr H.] a feather, he had no particular desire to " bolster," much less pillow Mrs Caroline Piper. This sally " called down the House," and when order was restored, the fun was resumed.) I am sensitively conscientious, and, therefore, con- sidered it my duty, as an act of simplest common justice to Mr Stephen, to make that gentleman as wise as myself respecting the interesting " little games" to which I have alluded ; although I kept a sharp look out for squalls at Ipswich, " I never noticed the bed rumpled more than once." During my time with Mrs Stephen I was never placed in the awkward position of Antonia, the faithful servant of Donna Julia. I never had to run up stairs screaming out - For God's sake, madam, madam, here's my master, With more than half of Sydney at his back - Who ever heard of such a curs'd disaster? 'Tis not my fault-I kept good watch- Alack ! Do pray undo the bolt a little faster - They're on the stair just now, and in a crack Will all be here ; perhaps he yet may fly - Surely, the window's not so very high ! The elocutionary grace with which this fine passage was given completely entranced the Bench, the Bar, and the auditorium-a stupor of admiration seized the Court, and for a second or two an unearthly kind of stillness prevailed, but it was speedily broken, for Hark, peals the thunder of the warning gun - It told 'twas lunch time, and they cut and run ! Justitia hurried away in search of Ceres. Lex "changed the venue," and issued a " rule," calling upon Cook to " show cause." Clients and witnesses vanished, and such of the now parboiled spectators as were near the door managed to crawl feebly away to consult Dr. Bacchus. With the fidelity of the sun to a dial, precisely at the expiration of sixty minutes Justice, replenished with good things, re-appeared upon the bench with cheerful coun- tenance and inflated waistcoat. Law, armed with strong arguments and full of inspiring "authorities," came pre- pared for action ; clients and witnesses looking none the worse for the " intermission," smirkingly resumed their places, and the " parboiled" returned, evidently much improved by the prescriptions of their jolly "doctor." Caroline, veiled and vivacious as ever, again became the tenant of the " box." Mr Roberts was in the act of sharpening his "cross-cut," for the purpose of "ripping" the " log " of Mrs Piper's evidence, and the spectators were " standing on thorns," when Mr Cameron, J.P., in terms of marked solemnity, said that before, the case was resumed he wished to say a few words in season (profound attention.) He wished res- pectfully, and in the politest manner possible, to inform the Court and all who heard him that after the maturest of mature deliberation with himself, he had arrived at the irrevocable conclusion that, as a Magistrate of the Ter- ritory and a " terror to evil doers," he could not sit in the case any longer (appalling consternation.) The lady had not, to his enlightened mind, made out her case ; and nothing, however " spicy," had been adduced to disturb the tranquillity of that opinion (immense amazement.) If he thought there was the slightest chance of any better evidence turning up he would will- ingly go on, but as he did not entertain the remotest hope of any such luck, he considered that Ada's evidence was not of such, a nature as would warrant him in making an " order" for her admission to the Opera or anything else (an asphyxiating sensation). Indeed, he had arrived safely at this conclusion imme- diately after the lady had stated her case, but had consented to sit longer, not to " Oblige Benson," but the Water Police Magistrate (demonstrations of despair.) Mr Roberts, having received a very "encouraging" look from his learned friend, Mr Hellyer, rose, and in an eloquent and moving appeal, implored his Worship to take " second thoughts," and do nothing " rash" without first having an interview with the " Mayor." In feeling terms he pointed out with his scarf- pin the "injustice such a step would inflict on his lovely and interesting client, if she were deprived of the opportunity, through his (Mr R.'s). powers as a " cross-cutter," of repelling with all the scorn they merited, the baseless imputation's of the " woman," - Caroline Piper, whose fertility of invention on the one, the one hand and whose "absence of memory" on the other, rendered her testimony one of the weakest "sticks" on which, during his long professional career, he had ever seen a case rely. After passing a warm and well merited eulogium on the legal profession generally, and on his learned and respected friend, Mr Hellyer, in particular, Mr Roberts resumed his seat amidst sup- pressed murmurs of applause. Mr Cameron's resolution was, however, like the laws of the Medes and Persians, "immutable" - he had "made up his mind" into an exceedingly neat little parcel "to give no order," and to that he would un- flinchingly adhere, like a Colonial Ministry to office. The Water Police Magistrate, in a very impressive manner, " delivered judgment." His own private opinion was - looking at the quality of the evidence then in the box, and keeping in view the natural and laudable anxiety of the public in the matter, the harmony of the meeting ought not to be disturbed, at this critical stage of the proceedings ; but as he disagreed with his brother magistrate, and the case disagreed with that respected gentleman altogether, the consequence was, there could bo no jurisdiction, and as a matter of course, no " order" could be made. Call on the next case, and immediately were heard constabulary calls of Spoonoy against Noodle and the " cross-case," Noodle against Spooney. When his Worship had ceased, Frank, with a trium- phant smile lurking in his beard, looked at Ada who returned the glance with an equal tenderness implying, " never mind, old follow, better luck next time" - Mr Hellyor rubbed his lily white hands complacently, and Mr Roberts, who had previously compared himself to a lamb, accepted his fate with all the meekness of that innocent little quadruped. Caroline Piper raised her veil and in high spirits from the turn things had taken, "danced" out of the witnoes-box with as much grace and dignity, as though she had been taking lessons in the " poetry of motion, from the charming Sisters Duvalli." The effect of this nipping the fun in the bud on the spectators was indescribably awful - disappointment, rage, and despair alternately reducing them to the very verge of madness. Each scowled savagely at his neigh- bour, as though each regarded his neighbour as the cause of the general misfortune. It was some time before they could realize the idea that the " case was over;" but when they did, then came the crush, crash, and rush to effect an exit. Yells of mortal agony from the unfortu- nate owners of down-trampled corns and bunions filled the air; anathemas loud and deep were fiercely hurled about in all directions, and if all the people who were imperatively ordered to go to a certainplace had done so, it would have been so full that any coming after them would inevitably have been "turned away from th doors." Gentlemen of the Tom Thumb and Commodore Nutt standard were considerately spared the trouble of walking, being obligingly lifted off their feet and carried bodily - not without considerable risk of suffocation on the journey - and finally deposited on the Circular Quay. After a severe but not sanguinary struggle for liberty, the reeking crowd of Police Court connosieures extri- cated themselves, and quiet and peaceable possession of the Court and its appurtenances (the W.P.M. and the C.P.S.) was given to the parties in Spooney v. Noodle and Noodle v. Spooney. Thus ended - but only for the present-the "great case" of Stephen v. Stephen. Like the Colonial Treasurer, we speak "advisedly" when we say " for the present ;" for if the parties have, or can get, funds, and fancy the fun, the public will no doubt be shortly again edified, in- structed, and amused by the appearance of a second and improved edition of these marvellous " MYSTERIES OF MARRIAGE IN HIGH, LIFE !" 