THE "ANTI-ŒCUMENICAL " COUNCIL;" (From La Peíseveranii-Naples Correspondent.) (THE first sitting of the Anticoncilio (Anti-Œcumeni cal Council) not having been able to be held yester- day, because there was a day performance al the theatre of St. Ferdinando, it began to-day in that theatre, at half-past twelve. There were 700 persons present, and amongst them, some few ladies. The persons invited, who wer« alone admitted, paid CO centimes entrance each. On. the stage, behind Rieciardi and other representatives of associations which have adhered to the Anticoncilio, was a great transparent picture on which, was written: " Tho nationalities of the civilized world, brethren in free thought," and around this were the names of the principal nations and Stales of the world. Ricciardi, amidst complete silence, opened the sitting with a speech, which he read, explaining the motto ; and said that the object of the meeting was " opposition to Rome and the foundation of a new trinity—Liberty, Truth, and Reason." It is to be noticed that this is the first time that rationalists have united and numbered them- selves, in order to ameliorate the moral and material condition of peoples. He affirmed that Rome cannot become a part of Italy, if its spiritual as well as its temporal power is not put down. It is necessary to suppress super- stition, and to oppose to false creeds the follow ing formula :-" Abstain from evil, do good, and love one another mutually for the common good," putting on one side as insolvable the questions of the first cause, the immortality of the soul, and such things. On this basis, said Ricciardi, it was intended to found a universal association. He concluded his discourse by stating that he would send thank«, in the name of the Assembly, to those meetings which had been held in Italy the day before, and had adhered to this Anti-Œcumenical Council. He then read telegrams from Trieste, where yester- day a meeting of 3000 persons was held, from, the People's Club at Padua, from Viareggio, from Temes war in Transylvania, from Nicastro, Mussa, Pisa, Catanzaro, Legnano, Macerate,- Feltre, Tortoaa ia Spain, Verona (where also a meeting of 3000' per- sons had been held), from Cagliari, from- the nation of the Saederi in Hungary, from Caltanisetta, from. Teramo, from Reus in Spain, and from Palermo, where the demonstration got up against the Council was dissolved by the reactionists. Then Ricciardi went on to give the history of what the central committee had done, and mentioned the adhesions received after the programme had been printed in all the newspapers of the world. Besides very many individual adhesions, 1C4 collective one had been received. These were, for the most part, from masonic lodges and associations of Free-thinkers in Boston, seme cities in Spain, Buda, Pesth, Son. Francisco in California, Batavia, Wallachia, Geneva, &c.; Ovary, the representative of tho Hungarian socie- ties, stated that the Free-thinkers of that country had' given 25,000 signatures adhering to the future de- crees of the Anti-Œcumenical Council; and that these signatures, and as many collected in Tran- sylvania, had been legally deposited in the national museum of Buda and Pesth. A letter -was then read from Garibaldi, with which. commenced the enumeration of the more important individual adhesions. The General recsmmends the ' Assembly to accept the formula-"I believe in the' religion of God, without priests." SHOCKING RAILWAY ACOIDENI NEAR-ADHRDEEK. -The line of the Great North of Scotland Railway, between Aberdeen and Keith, having been blocked by drifted snow on Monday night, 27th December, a couple of engines, with a huge snow plough in front, left Kittybrewater Station, Aberdeen, about 1 o'clock on Tuesday morning, for the purpose of clearing .the way for Tuesday's traffic. Upon the engines were av number of men. All went well until between Gartly and Huntly Stations, where immeuse accumulations' of Bnow were encountered, ana the plough broke at the Bridge of Bogie. The first engine left the rails, and, crossing the bridge, ran down the right side embankment, killing the driver^ stoker, and' surfaceman, who was riding with them. The second engine and tender left the metals, and, after crossing the bridge, rolled down the embankment, sixty feet deep, turning twice in the descent, and killing the stoker. The driver miraculously escaped, being only slightly injured. The van was turned acrosB the rails. Of thirty occupants nope were hurt. Watson, the driver of the first engine, lived nearly au hour ; Paterson and Beatts were fearfully mutilated. The line was speedily cleared, and the traffic resumed. Killed : David Watson, 40, leaves a wife and tea children; James Paterson, 35, unmarried; Thomas Beatts, surface-man, 35, leaveB a wife and two chil- dren ; William Malcolm, stoker, S3, leaves a wife and two children. Injured : John Beatts, driver. THE EauiTABLE INSURANCE OFFIOE.-A special general meeting of the Equitable Life Assurance Society was held recently at Radley's Hotel, New Bridge-street, Blackfriars, Mr. W. F. Pollock, vice president, in the chair, for the purpose of .considering the decennial statement of the value of all the differ- ent assurances now existing, as determined by a com- putation of the value of every policy. This statement, m which the assurances are all classed under ages, exhibits the sums assured, the bonus additions which have been made, and the premiums now payable under all the existing policies, with rtheir respective present values, each separately stated. From theue data it is ascertained that the net value of all the existing assurances amounts to £2,773,560 11s. Id., and that the surplus fund, after providing for all these liabilities, amounts to no less than,£1,741,019 4s. 10J. After some prefatory remarks by the chairman, in which, he congratulated the meeting on the great financial success which has attended the operations of the society during the last ten years-a success not sur- passed in the commercial history of the country during that time-it was resolved unanimously, ia' accordance with the recommendation of the Court of Directors, to make a further addition to the suma assured by existing policies of £1,591,470, the present cash value of which is £1,155,330, and to reserra £585,670 for the benefit of present and future assurers. It is worthy of remark that the main principles OB which the Equitable was founded more than a century ago have been maintained intact throughout the whole period ; these are, the transaction of its business without the employment of agents, the non- payment of commission, and mutual assurance. After a vote of some liberal gratuities to the officers of the institution, the meeting separated. I CLASSIC COSTUMES.-The director of a French. | theatre, La Gaieté, has introduced a curious theatrical innovation. In the Bibliothèque Impériale there exists an interesting collection of engravings repre- senting the actors and actresses of the last two centuries in the costumes originally worn by them ia their respective puts, and the experiment has now been made at the Gaieté of restoring the original »iii« en »cène of Racine's tragedy of " Andromneiue," which is now given exactly as it was performed before the Grand Monarque. The well-known dramatic critic, ii, de Sarcey, iu a recent conference, strongly advoca'ed the propriety of this re- vival. According to him, a hero of Racine's tragedies, while wearing the costume as well as speaking the language of the French Court is, though, a conventional, at least a consistent type. HU thoughts and expressions are essentially those of a French gentleman, in spite of his Greek or Roman pseudonym; and the polite and courtly phrases which he employs, eveR under the most trying cir- cumstances, must always more or less shock the spec- tator's sense of the fitness of things when uttered by a man in a toga and sandals. There is, undoubtedly, much truth in this view of the CBBO ; still it will be difficult to reconcile oneself to Camilla cursing Rome in a hoop and patches, or to Julius Ctcsar expiring in. a wig and lace ruffles. Of all ignominious positions in which a highly respectable British citizen can be placed, that of being seated to have hia hair cut is about the most mortifying. He is draped iike a ghost, has his hate first combed btrsight down over his forehead, and is then snipped and brushed with a horrible engine re- volving by machinery ; and by a refinement of cruelty he is placed opposite a looking-glass, so that he may enjoy a vivid perception of what a helpless, miserable object he is. Not only, too, is he most unplea- santly conscious that the active operator i» quizzing his head, looking for bald places, but he must submit to be told that his hair ÍB dry or falling off, and to be worried to the verge of mania by the most persistent puffing of washes, creams, oils, and pomades. The " young men " are,. it seems, partly paid by commission on the stuff they can dispoee of ; and an " Oxford-street E-nployer" defends the practice, and a&ks; if tailors, milliners, and drapers do not also " introduce " articles, or try to push trade. But there is this difference. In a tailor's or milliner's shop the customer can reluse to listen and go out ; but a, man having his hair cut is a prisoner, and must perforce listen to the outrageous chatter of the man who stands behind him. If s-ime matter hairdresser will try the plan of making his cus- tomers cor.ifíttable, he will find it pays. litfojp, t err per an tie societies carne in fashion a per- son w co had a most resplendent red face was one day Ireb'jhing his son for playing with gunpowder. " Gun- powder !" seid he, " I will cet my face against it ' " Oh, father, do not for the world,'' answered hil * son j if j ou do we shall aU be blown up." 