CASTING OUT DEVILS. f \rpn Yoi'7, ) Tub determination of the human mind to beliovo in ovil spirits, as if its own rascality and depravity wero not sufficient, is certainly fliseoiirntriiiiT. 'I'liore ani those who nnnlne-isn for this proolivity by attrihutingitto ignorance; but at this tiino of day tho human mind afore said has 110 business to bo so donsoly ignorant as to suppose it possiblo for dovils to take possession of "boys, though these do sometimes bcliavo in a wa3' to lead to that beliof, if wo could but settle the fact that there aro devils to take " possession," in accordaneo with tlio eredulit3' which afllicts tho superstitious. Some time ago wo heard of a girl in Ohio who was said to bo "obsessod," which is something moro dreadful than being " possessed," and a great deal harder to euro. AVo recommended in this easo mild cathartics, but, oven if they wero administered, wo never hoard of the result. Now wo got news of n Gorman young man away out in AVatortown, Wisconsin, who lias '"0111" badly, whatever tliey may ho. This instance of diabolical agency having excited much attention, two editors (supposod to bo familiar with dovils) have visited tlio youth, and thoir report is thrilling in Iho extremo. Tho family to which the young man belongs camo fro in Northern G ermany, a county Highly dovotod to the development of spirits, ghosts, and demons. Tho youth's narao is Siege, and a hard siego ho was having of it long before be camo to this enlightened land. His troubles began wbou lie was about five years old. The story is that his sister tonnd "a duck's egg with a pin-hole in it." Under maternal direction, she gavo it to a dog, when tho poor animal went mad and blind ; tho sister went into spasms, and soon died ; this boy became also blind, and was troubled with contortions. Also with "jork- ings." Likowiso with frothing at tho mouth. Aloreovor, with " looks of most malignant haired." Ho' could 011I3' "appease the raging demons In- making the sign of tho cross." lie was treated "with roots;" lie got 110 bottor very fast ; and his alllicted parents determined to emigrate to this country to 1 1-3- our Columbian " roots." But tlio kind of vegetable proper for this case does not grow in AANseonsin. At any .rate, the unfortunate German is having "the jerks" and "the shakes" somewhat worse than ever. "The demoniac symptoms" assumed "an added violence." Ho gnashed his teeth ; ho threat ened to break the bones of his little brother. Then the doors began to slam. Hollow noises wero heard in the room. The faniih- all had "a rush of blood to tlio head." One of the sisters also had an illegitimate child 113- a Lutheran minister. Then the devil got into this poor lhmi-'s cow, which " roared 011 her legs, smote her tail, and shook her horns with savage fuy." Of course, this was too bad to he borne, and an Indian doctor was called in. This abori ginal plysician tried " plasters," but in a few days the plasters refused to stick, and " sprouted hairs. " Then tliey summoned a -Medium, who d in "-nosed " n snake in (lie stomach," the " lashing of whoso tail could bo heard under the ribs." .... Four devils wero cast out " in one da3'," and a pretty good day's work we consider that it was. On the next iky throe more wero east out. On tlio da3" following " tlio most obdurate "' agreed to lonvo. But, alas ! another devil, according to the account before us, lias manifested himself, and, after being east out, he announced tlio prosecco of four others in poor Alaster Siege's stomach. AAMicn last heard from he was going to church regularly, hut that lie will ever got rid of all his devils is more than we can affirm. Now, here is a stoiy which really belongs to tlio middle ages, or to somo earlier period of tlio world's liistoiy, and which should receive credit at the present- timo 011I3' ill some sciui-civilisod eouiiliy. If we 111113- judge from the narrative, the person said to be " possess ed " is au epileptic, siill'oring from a disease neurl3 incurable, and which, in time, is pro ductive uf many mental delusions. Tlio re verend and religious man who undertook lo relieve this patient should at least have called in some physician of ability. If we hold that epilepsy is to be cured 1)3' miracles let 11s at 1 least comprehend that it is not occasioned ly tlio presence of ovil spirits. AA'liat, pny, has the world outgrown of tlio I0II3' of its infancy, of the ignorance of its darkest diys, if it has not outgrown tlie miserable delusion of a direct personal .Satanic agcuc3' exercised over the brains, and the bowels, and the stomach, and tlio nervous system r What cpilep.y is we partly know ; ol these devils wo can know nntliing, and wo might as well claim then- malignant presence in cases of cholera, of brain lever, and uf' hydrocephalus. But, after all, it is a mournful consideration that hardly aiy cultivation (except a certain cultivation in itself of a sceptical kind) can save men from tlio foll3' of believing impossible things, and that too upon impossible grounds. " There arc educated men," says Air. Henry lvingsloy, "in England who believe that ATr. Home was carried round the ceiling of a room." The 011I3' safely for man against intellectual delu sion is in steadily refusing to accept upon liearsa3r tesliuion3', or upon tlio conclusions of tlio senses, apparent natural laws which con tradict those which have been fully demoii- st I'll toil I.3' till) OXpol'R'llUO O f inaukiml, la there, can thero he, such a thing as super natural phenomena except 1)3' the direct inter position of tho D0U3' for reasons which cany their value upon their face, and which are consistent with tho dignity of a Supreme Being ? 