EXECUTION OF ROSS C Abridged from, the Bulletin.') The criminal Donald Boss, convicted at the assizes for the : murder of George Rose, at , Springsnre, was executed in the Rockhampton Gaol yesterday morning at eight o'clock. He had previously made a full confession of his guilt. Soon after 7 a.m. the Rev. J. Carson attended the prisoner, and remained with him till the last. ;By half-past seven the deputy Sheriff, W. H. Wiseman, Esq. ; the Health Officer, Dr. Salmond; the police, under Sub-inspector Elliott, and other officials, had arrived. About thirty persons who had obtained tickets were admitted at a quarter to eight, and assembled in the court-yard in front of the gallows. At seven minutes to eight the bell, was tolled, and the prisoner appeared with his arms pinioned so tightly that bis hands were quite livid. The procession to the gallows was headed by Hutton the hangmau ; the Rev. James Carson, the officiating clergyman, fol lowed, reading .suitable passages of .scripture ; next came the condemned man, guarded by a warder on eactrside, iand one behind 'him. On arriving at the foot of the scaffold the Rev. Mr. Carson prayed with Boss, who was much agita- , ted, and seemed to join earnestly in the prayer. At eight o'clock Ross ascended the step-, trembling greatly, and being Icl by one of the gaolers, the Rev. Mr Carson following. On reaching the piatforra. the rope was adjusted round his neck by the executioner, and he then addressed the spectators in the following brief sentences : — ' My dear friends, let this be a warning to you. May God have mercy on all your souls.'9 And then, in a tremulous voice, scarcely audible, said : — ' O Lord, my God, unto thee X commend .my 6pirit- this morning. Look upon a poor miserable sinner/ O ''Lord God, have mercy upon me, and paTdon ? all my sins.'. . The white cap' was then drawn down- over his -face, and tied round his neck. Bev. J. Carson again prayed, ? standing beside the condemned' man, saying, ?' Into thy merciful hands, O Lord, we com mend the soul of tbis Tby servant, now about i to depart ftwn the body. Receive .him, we j humbly beseech Thee, into the arms of Thy 1 mercy, into the glorious society of tbe saints j in Heaven. Amen.' Theu, taking Ross by j the handjthe minister poatiuued: 'God the I Father who bath creatcd thee,- God the Soil who hath redeemed thee, God the Holy Ghost who has infuseil His Grace into thee, be now and evermore with thee ; assist thee in thy last trial, and bring thee to everlasting life. Fare well.' The minister shook hands with him and retired. The executioner finally adjusted the rope, moved off the platform, knocked out the bolt, and the unfortunate man fell to a depth of ten feet, the head striking the back of the scaffold in the iall. and the body after wards swaying to and fro for a few minutes. There was no sign of a struggle visible to the majority of the byestanders, but one or two who were close to tbe scaffold perceived a slight twitching of the legs, doubtless caused merely by contraction of the muscles. The body bung for a full half-hour, and Dr. Sal mond having felt the pulse and pronounced the man dead, the body was cut down by the hangman, and placed in the coffin. The visi tors, after signing the certificate in the usual form, that deceased had come by his death by the hands of justice, retired. The face was very much discoloured, and blood oozed from the mouth. Tbe corpse was then removed to tbe cell which had been occupied by deceased, and a post. mortem examination was made by Dr. Salmon and Dr. Thon. It was found that the neck was completely dislocated, and death' have been instantaneous. The lid of the coffin was fastened down, and at nine o'clock Mr. Tucker, the undertaker, arrived, and the re mains ? were conveyed to the Cemetery, and interred, Rev. Mr. Carson attending, and read ing tbe funeral service. The following confessions, made at various times by the prisoner, have been published : — Her Majesty's Gaol, Rockhampton, Nov. 11,1870. ' I, Donald -Ross, confess that the Chinaman that. I accused, had nothing to do with the murder of George Rose. 1 confess that I am the murderer of George -Rose. As for Sarah Burgess Rose, 'I leave her .to God to judge, as she got out of the charge ; birt she was the cause of the murder of George Rose. ' 'Donauj Ross.' November 12, 1870. -'I, Donald Ross, -confess that my keeping company with -Sarah Burgess Rose, was the original cause of the death of George Rose There was no ?criminal intercourse Jbetween us before tlie 'death. '.Before the night' of the murder, Sarah Burgess Rose told me that she desired to get- rid of George Rose. On that night she sentme for him. We -came home together. After we came home she gave him' some gruel;lknew that -she had .put poison in the gruel ; I had given her the poison pre viously ; it . was the poison used on stations to poison native dogs. After. George Rose liad eaten the gruel, he said he knew that there was' poison in it. We bad some rum both before and -.after, he had taken the gruel. He, 'went to bed in the kitchen ; I went to -lied on. the verandah. After some time, Sarah Burgess Rose called me in. George Rose was up. I took an axe out of his hand. He told me to; throw away the knives that were on the table. I toldihim to go to bed : he said he would not till he had put an end,' of her. She was cow in the. bedroom. He;'lay down on the bed in the kitchen and slept, ^he came out of- the bedroom. ' She said it would be Better to put an end of him, or he would put, an end to her. '''he said -we could put the body in the bush, and it might ;be a long time before it would be founcL I then struck him with the large axe — not that axe - which appeared in court. I then concealed the body -? nuder tbe ground at the [back of the house. * It was . then ; very Hear daylight. We then burned all « the blopd stained things. I then wanted to tell all: to. the magistrate. She said that if I did we would both be hanged for it. The body remained under the ground at tbe back , of . the house :nntil next night, when I put the.bodjr in the well. ' The nigbt of the murder I had' no idea of anything ofthe kind. ' I make this confession to warn every one from undue familiarity with other men's wives and idther such sins. ' I hope that my end will be a warning to everyone not to fall into 6uch errors as I have done, and thus come to an untimely end. 'Donald Ross.' 'November 18, 1870. 'I, Donald Ross, further confess, in addition to my confession dated 12th November, 1870, that' it was. not Sarah Burgess Rose who put the poison in the gruel, but that I put it in myself. ' Donald Ross.' 