THE YOUNG SCHOOLMISTRESS. " It was a soft, bright day, all smiles, and no . tears-— such weather na you seldom get in ' April. I was coming up through tho Colds to , tho houso when I saw, a littlo way boforo ine/ what lookod liko a obild'e figure, standing on ' tho odgo of tho brook that drained tho low meadow. Just about tho brink tho ground'. woh marshy: and sho scorned to bo hesitating' ovor tho crossing. " Lot mo tako you across," said I, coming up. Sho turnod round quickly, and I saw bbr. faco for tho first time. That glanoo showed . mo that I was notspoaking to a child, although thora was somQtuing of childish timidity, almost alarm, in both look and gesturo, os sho 1 started at my voico. Involuntarily I lifted my hat and took a difforoot tono. " Tho ground is uot very firm near tho edge," I said, "particularly in spots. But I know till about it, and if you will allow mo, I'll holp 1 you over." Whilo I Bpoko sho had been furtivoly eyoing ; mo, ns if to learn from my faoo and bearing' something moro of my real life than my words allowed to appear. Apparently sho was satis- ' God with hor sorutiny, for in .anothor minuto ! sho held out her hand. " Thank you ; if you will bo so good," sho said, and stood waiting for my assistauco. But 1 took hor up, aud lifted hor to tbo , other side. "Exeuso mo," I said, Betting lior down on dry grouud ; 44 thore was no other way which ' would not havo. wet your foot." ! Sho mado a little motion of acknowledgment, but did not speak. As I walked on beside bor t I oould not seo hor avortod faco. .! " You aro not angry with mo ?" I wont on, 1 for I wanted to hour her voico. u No, not angry," sho answorod, simply enough. " But Bomothing else ; sorry— annoyed- : what is it?" I persisted. 44 Only sorry that you havo troubled your--) Bolf." ' 14 Such ft fontbcr-wcight as yopra wouldn't . greatly trouble my strength. But I. did not, uioaD to vox you." 44 Why Bbould you fanoy you havo voxed ; mo ?" aho askod. ... 44 Because you don't speak naturally, or look round at mo." ; . . i breaking over it. 41 1 think you were vory kind, and I thank ' you vory much," sho said with a sort of demure '' gaioty that was vory charming, 44 Duos that , satisfy you ?" . 44 You will think mo very- unreasonable if I said no," I Baid, moved by ' an Impulno too Btrango to withstand j, 44 but if I could only ' know whoso thanks X am rccoiving— . I nnvor saw a faoo chango bo ' in my lifo. Although sho stood oloso besido mo, my words soomod to rqmovo bor a hundred miles away. 44 My namo would bo Btrango to you," olio said vory quiotly and vory coldly. 1 am touch ' obliged to you. Good morning." And with that, sho turned io another direc tion, leaving mo positively unablo to follow. There was something bo final about her words, ; that I really should not havo dared to address , hor agaiu. 1 oould only accept tho conclusion . impliod that wo woro tho rnorcst straogors, ' whoso chanco acquaintance was to Qud as abruptly as it began. This was truo enough, of courso, I know; yot I somohow rebelled against it, as I walked on nlono, wondering why sho wns so difforont to tbo other girls. I . bad known, whoso froo and easy oountry ways had oovor inspired mo with any peculiar awo. Tho next ovoning, just at twilight, ovory- thing takon oaro of for tho night, Iwns siltir. . out in tho porob, when somebody camo up tho - path (o tho door. I soon recognised my strangor of tho day boforo. I don't know b w 4 my ' faoo lookod, hut I can bear witness that 4bors sbotvod anything but satisfaction nt tlio ' mooting. Sho did not blush nor look con fused; hut thoro was a Bort of expression about hor oyos and mouth that soomod to say that I was ono of tho last persons that sho would onpe to seo. But thore sho was in my garden, so, in spito of this rather cold wolcomo, I Btcppcd forward to rocolvo hor. 44 Good ovoning," said I. 44 Won't you como in ? Can 1 do anything for you ?" Sho hesit&tod;, just perceptibly, before \ answoring mv salutation. Thon sho Baid 41 1 was told tbnt Mr. Byroo lived here." ; , 44 IIo docs," I said, and waited for hor to procood. 44 Perhaps you would bo goo:! onougb lo seo if I oould tpcak with him for a fow minutes ?" 44 1 am at your sorvico for apy loogih of timo," I answorcd; but it might bo well to step into tho houso ; tho grouud is rather damp." Hor look ohanged into ono of oxtromo sur- prtso as sho oouiproliondod tbat I was tbo porson of whom sho was in scaroh. Sho lookod ; dowo, and scorned to consider as alio answered slowly, 44 Thank you, on tho whole, porhops it . is uot necessary to troublo you—" " Surely," said I, coming nearer, and spoak- ing onrnestly, for I was a littlo aonoyed by what scorned liko determined avoidance, 41 You aro not going to punish me for boing' myself. It's moro my mtsfortano than my fault, you, must allow." Sho smiled moro naturally ns sho Bald, ' supposod Mr. Gcorgo Byrno to ho— an older 1 gentleman. Perhaps tho public school com- mUtco-man Is anothor of your namo ?' 44 There is no othor of my namo here," T re plied, 44 And I do happen to be acting com mittee roan for tho sobool ; an honour which foil to my lot in this woy— if you will excue a fow words about mysolf. As it chances mine is tho only. collegiate education hcreaboots, and tho good people of Idlcwild. being convioced that a man who baa 4 gono through' col lego roust possess superhuman wisdom, havo agreed to consider mo a second Solomon, whoso word in all 4 book- learning ' is not to bo disputed. But if that argument docs not satisfy you, I am willing to claim any ago that yon think suffioicnt. Shall I bo Methuselah as woll as Solornou ?" This timo my outspoken freedom seemed rather to reassure hor, aod less constrainedly than I bad oxpcctod sho accepted my renowed invitation to oomo within tbo houso. Her business was briefly enough told. Hav ing heard that tbo now cudowod school was yot unsupplicd with a teacher, aho had re-. solved to seok tho vacant placo. For this tho forms of oxaraination proved her well enough fitted, so that I did not besitalo to rocoive bcr. 44 About your dwelling-place, Miss Wes- son," said I, when preliminaries wore ovor.-; 44 You will hardly give me tho credit of Wii'g' eiootly a fair judge, I suppose," 1 Raid ; 41 but ; 1# honestly believe that yon might look in vain for a hotter home or a kinder heart than my mother's. All that could be done to mako you forget that you wore a stranger sho trill do. And she would look on your coming as a roal favour to horsolf ; for when I go away, as I must do in a treok or two, sbo will bo left alone." I waited hero for her answer, but sho did SOt speak, nor turn her bead towards mo. A little piqued by such disregard, I added, hastily, "Excuse mo if I have seemed to urge my own views rather selfishly on you. I did not mean to do that. I was only anxious for your comfort, but of course you know best about it, and I. should not wish you to feol hound by my suggestion to do anything un pleasant. Perhaps you might prefer to remain wbcro you aro ?" " No," ahe answered, without turoing round, and in a tono so very low that I could with difficulty bear it, " that is out of tho question. I am only staying at tho hotel a few days until — — " Horo sco stopped, seemed to strugglo with herself, and thon, turning to mo, oxolaimcd abruptly, " Mr. Byrne, you know nothing of mo — you havo scarcely seen my faco before, and yet you aro ready to givo mo what I ask, to take me into your mother's house " Horo her voico failed her. As for mo, I was embarrassed by her emotion. I looked down so as not to seem to seo tbo tears shining in her oyes, and answered as well as 1 could, " In theso simplo parts, Miss Weston, we aro apt to trust our judgment a good deal to our oye, and to prido oursclf on reading people by their faces. Now I don't wish to flatter you; but I do think anybody that had seen you onco would agrco with mo that you carry in your looks alettor of rccommondation that doesn't need any outsido word to atrongthon it." I stopped, but as I could sco sho was not quite ready to spoak, I wont on to givo her timo. " The sehool will open tbo second week in May, about ton days from now. That will givo you timo to look about you a little, and got sottlcd. Of course you can como hero whonovor you like— that is ' if ' you like." iw j. into i sua ropoated. " Tho only question is, Mr. Byrne, if your mother will liko such an arrangement ?" "Then thoro is no question at nil," I re plied ; " for my mother and I uro perfectly agreed on all points." She turned to go, but lingorod alittlo, with her hand on tho door. " I wish I could thank your kindness as it desorves," sho said; " but the service you have done mo is so groat — bo ' vory ' great— that I really cannot oxpress it." " Don't try, thou," said I, attempting to laugh off a slight cmbarrassmont, caused by tbo sight of hor emotion. .Sbo arohod hor brows, and looked at mo for a moment, as if she could have mado a saucy rejoinder ; then, as if at somo Buddcn recollec tion, hor faco changed, and with a gravo good evening sho loft tho house. My mothor fairly fell in lovo with hor at first fiigl, t, and warmly seconded my proposal. Tho result was, that I had tho satisfaction of leaving my mother with a companion in whoso so'oioty she would not ho always rcmcmhoring to fret over my absonco, as sbo would otherwise have boon protty sura to do. My buBinoss was of such a nature as to mako my j'ournoy of somewhat indefinite length; so that whan I eamo homo I was not expeoted by my mother. It was tho last week in June; acid as I eamo up tho path, tho air was dolici- ousiy sweet wttu tlio Orcatu of tno roses, wluoh grow in tangled masses undor tho windows. It was my first wolcomo homo, but not. my sweetost, swcot us it was. I entorcd tho door which Btood invitingly open, looked into all tho lower rooms, whioli wore ompty, and was just about oxtending my Boaroh into tho upper regions, whon somo ouo, roused, I supposo, by tho noiso I was making, ran quiokly down the stairs. I turned round. " Mr. Byrno! can this bo you ?" oxelaimed a voico, in a tono of surpriso, which, however, did not equal mine. " I havo a bettor right to soy, can this bo you, Miss Weston ?" I replied, " for I at least come bnok mysolf to find you " " A strangor ?" she interposed, lnughing, I beliovo I havo grown a little stout." " You aro uot too muoh a stranger to shako hands and say you aro glad to soo me, I hopo ?" " Not at all," sho answored, frankly giviog her hand into my clasp. " I am very glad to eoo you. Your mother will be so dalightcdi" I wanted to ask if tbo pleasuro sbo bud just exprosscd was so purely sympathetic, but hardly dared. " Upon my word," said I, " I havon't yet asked about my mother." " Undutiful bou 1" bIiq said, smiling. " To punish you, sho is over at Mrs. Grout's on a visit. I am housekocper." " Oh dear 1" said I, " how I wish somebody would take pity on an ignorant wandorcr, ond show tho way to Mrs. Grant's." With a good tomnored Rinil, .I.. n« stairs, returning in a minuto, bewitching in a i ooquottishly simplo hat ; and wo sot off ovor the Golds. Tho wolk !— it was liko nothing olso I had over known. Tho lengthening shadows, tbo brightly toodorigrcoo of tho grass, tho sum mor air, tho faint flower-smells wafted cvorywhero over tho meadows— all touched me with o beauty they had novcr worn for mo before. But lovolior still was tho girl who walked bosida mo, the folds of her dress floating witli an airy graco as sho moved, its exquisito blue emphasizing tho fair hair and' creamy com plexion, whoro tbo dark oyes woro such a sur priso. She hod changed wonderfully siaco our first meotings— os sho 6aid, "grown a littlo stout," a description which I should havo denounced as a slander from any other lips. Now sho was beautiful, with a beauty entirely now to me— a faint, just perecptiblo pink completing thalovoliuess that would always be delicate. Her monitor, too, had undergone a like alteration. It was as if peaca and liappines woro things so new to her that sho was fairly intoxicated with. them. Sho did not mean, I know, to flirt with me; nothing could have beon further from her thougbt-and yet sbo had a thousand little coquettish ways, which in any other girl I should havo set down at once as deliberate snares. But, for all these Bewitching airs and graces, fascinating though nncpnacione — and doubly fasciunting because ' taWnD0OBBci0U6 — tbcro was an air about her .. . whlob'bno could not too closely penetfato.- That girl's nature was a study to mo — a romauco and a mystery of which I eould never weary. Docs aoy ono happen to know how these life studies usually end f Timo passed on, weeks went by, when sud denly thero eamo a crisis in tbo happy peaceful leading. It eamo, as I say, suddenly and un expectedly. One croning, as wo were sitting together, nftor lea, I in tho porch and Miss Weston jnst inside tho door, with mother, for whom she was holding n skein of silk, a man's footstep came leisurely up tho path to the door. My back was towards him, but when ho spoke I recognised his voice — a peculiar one— as that of a gcntloman whom I had met ssveral times in tho course of my visits to a distant town. It Boomed ho was making an excursion partly for henlth olid partly for pleasure; and stay ing in our town for a few days, for tho sake of its fishing and other rural attractions, ha had learned of my neighbourhood, and eamo over from tho hotel to seo me. Wo sat in tho porch, talking and smoking together for an hour, and at tile end of that timo I walked with him to his hotol. When I eamo back, a littlo white figuro awaited mo inside the passago. " Why, Miss Effie," I said, surprised at her appearance so late, for Bhe hod vanished on tho arrival of my visitor, " Is it you or your ghost ? I thought you asleep long ago." " I could not until I had spokon to yon," sho answered, with excited incoherence. " Ob, Mr. Byrno, 1 must speak or die !" Surprised and alarmed at her manner, I took her in out of tlio night air, and first of all mado her sit quietly down. When I could sco her face my alarm was increased. With tlio lovely colour ail gono, tlio lines deepened and the features drawn, sho looked very much os sho bad done wlidn I saw her first, exoept that tho pupils of hor eyes were dilated, so as almost completely to oblitorato their soft swcot liuzol, aod had in thorn a kind of haunted look, liko that of somo torturod and desperato animal at bay. Then sho told mo her 6tory, told it rapidly and eagerly, as if tlio secret had been a burden whiob hor mind longed to share with another. To repeat it briefly in my own words, that man who bad been sitting and talking witk rao almost within ber very hearing, had been hor doily persecutor for months. He, and through his influence thoso by whom she was surrounded, had wfttchcd and tortured her, until at last bbr life hod become a burden to her. At last finding that "neithor threats nor persuasion could compel her to bccomo tho wife of ono whom sho loathed and feared, tlicy had begun to throw out hintH that her mind was not quite right. When things had como to this pass, alarmed lest they should succeed in shutting licr up among mad people, thus getting hor completely in their power, she bad managed to cscapo, and wandered until she thought herself out of thoir reach. And now alio was in dungor again. I listened siiontly to this account, given with a passionate despair that impressed every word. sho uttered tipon my heart. "Mr. Houston's influcnco is strrng over you, muoh ss you dislika him," 1 said when sho paused. "I hate him I" sbo cried, passionately ; and I hato mysolf for fooling his power." "You bate him, you say," I continued; " but — you are auro you do not lovo him too ? Such tilings havo boon — " "Ijoro him I" sho interrupted excitedly, " lovo him I Oh, Mr. Byrno ! do. you think tho helpless bird loves tho death it finds in tho snakd'sjaws , " And you arc afraid," said I, " that if ho finds you again you will yiold in spito of your self?" " No," sho nn6wered, in a low sbuddoring voico, her eyes on tho floor, " I am not ofrnid of yielding; hut I am afraid I should go mad —and die I" Her gesture, as sho spoke these lost words, showed mo that sho feared a violent death at her own hands. I began to try to calm her forcrish agitation and at last succeeded to a hotter dcgrco than I expeoted. Not until tho unnatural glitter had left her eyes did I think it safe to resume tho subject directly. " I know of only ono way which will givo you a pcrfeot safeguard ngoiust tho . man's future persecution," I said. Then I bont and whispered in her car. As I spoke her head went lower and lower down till it rested in tho clasped hands, which covered it complotciy. Anxious as I was, I would not hurry her decision. So I sat silently and waited for a word. It eamo at lott "Just as you say — I leave it all to you,' alio said, hesitatingly ; then with a quick change of emotion, very mharactcristio of her, she added with a half doprecoting, half mirth ful, and wholly oharming douiurcucss, " I know you are always vory persistent." As Effiie was of opinion that Habcrt Hanston would cover really givo up tho search for hor, I judged it best to settle the whole matter at once. With this view I asked him to come over to roy liouso on tho following evening, an invitation which ho accepted very readily. 4u iuu muauuuiu a great ucai naa boon going on. Many hurried preparations wero mado, which, togothcr with tho ncccssity'for keeping tbera a secret, rendered tho house quite a placo of mj6tcry. "With cvontng catno tho expected guest how anxiously expected, at this distunco of timo it seems odd to remomber. It was a soft warm twilight; and Mr. Ran6too and I sat together in tbo porch, in profercnco to tbo closer atmosphcio of tho houso. Hero wc had remained for 60iuo time quietly by ourselves when 1 heard a light rustle at tbo door, nDd though I did not turu my head, I know that Kffic bad joined us. Keeping ber bead averted frbui Mr. Raoston, she walked rouud to my 6ide, oud laying ber hand on tho arm of tny chair, turned her faco full upon him. The effect was electrical. He started from bis chair crying, "Effie Miss Wostou !" " Excuse me, Mr. Houston," I interrupted, " Allow mo to introduce this young lady as Mrs George Byrno. Wo wero married this morning." The change in his face as I spoke theso words, was not pleasant to behold. Ho grew abso lutely white, and when he moved his lips at first no words catuc ; but after a minute's strugglo, ho recovered himself peifectly. " Allow me, Mr. Byrne," ho said, with a steady siguificanco of voico and oye, " to can- gr&tulato; you on having secured the heiress." With that ho was gone, without so much as a parting word or glance. I never saw bitn again. But though ho was gono bo bad left a sting behind him. His view of thecaso was certaioly n new one — to mo ; bub how did I know what Effie might be thinking about itf Could my littlo wife have fancied— could sho cveu now bo fanoying — that any thought of monoy had influenced mo ? I glanced at her as sho stood, her head turned aside, leaning ogaiost one of the pillars ; for on Mr. Houston's departuro sho had left me. Then a sudden fear entered my heart, and I went np to hor. " Effie," said I, " I think you need not fear any more persecution from that man. You aro safe now." " Yes," sho onswercd listlessly, without moving towards me." "Effie," I began again, boginning to feel a sick chill confusing both thought and speech ; "you havo heard what bo 6aid juBt now. I caonot believe that such a charge needs any contradiction from mo ; but, doarcst, toll mo that you do not beliovo it — you do not, Effie ?" " No," sho said, in just tho samo tones os before. "I am afraid," I said, a sort of despair taking possession of me, " that I havo ignor- antly sacrificed your happiness to mine, my poor darling. I am afraid that I have let you marry mo for protection instead of for lovo. I loved you so much, I could not stop to consider then. But now " I stopped. I could not go on. Sbo turned bor lovely faco towards mo, and looked at mo in tbo faint moonlight. "George," sbo said presently, "you had your doubt, and I had mine. I must make a confession, too. I did not thiDk that you cared for tbo money. I knew you better than that. But I did half think that you married mo out of pity, while I wanted love — bccauso I loved you so 1 I might as well tell you so now, for I know you would mako mc own it Eome timo, you otc so persistent." With that, tbo tears and smiles on her faco together, sho reached up her slender nrmshbout my neck, and laid her head against my shoul der. For a wbilo wo forgot that tbo vbolo earth held any beings besides our two selves— or, at least, I know I did. i 