" ALEILAT, OR THE CHALLENGE." *A DHAMA IN THREE ACTS. BY REV. WILLIAM KELLY, S.J. Ftw names are better known—none more universally respected amongst us—than that of the reverend author of this drama. As an eloquent preacher iii the cause of charity, as an able lecturer upon social and historical subjects, Father Kelly has done much for the religion and education of Catholics in this colony. By the zealous exercisc and wise application of his talents he has madeour religion respected, no less for thelearning and wisdom of its teachers than for the blamelessness of their lives. He has shown to all educated and thinking men that it is the wish and aim of the Catholic priest here, as in all countries—now, as throughout every age—to instruct as well as to admonish, to inform ns well as to direct, to fill the mind with useful knowledge while training the heart to piety and religion. Though unpretending in its object, and simple in construction, " Aleilat" will compare favourably with many modern dramas of more ambitious views and pretensions. We learn from the title page that it was composed expressly for the pupils of the Geelong Convent. Our readers are probably aware that in this excellent establishment, as in most other convents, it is customary at Christmas time for the youthful inmates to represent a play or drama in presence of their relatives and friends. Written for an occasion of this nature, " Aleilat"' should not be judged or criticised as an ordinary drama. Its very object excludes such subjects as are generally chosen as fittest for the tragic muse; while the nature of the place and the use for which it is required forbid all bursts of strong passion, make all exhibitions of intense feeling unwise, if not unseemly, and all -worldly plots and intrigues out of place and ridiculous. A dramatic •writer's highest excellence may be said to consist in adapting his subject and its treatment to the capacity of the performers and the taste of their audieuce. In this our author has eminently succeeded, for he has chosen a subject every way suitable and interesting to both actors and hearers, and has treated it in a manner best calculated to meet their appreciation and match their powers. The story of Aleilat is new and iuterestiug. The scene is laid in an island— The lnvrdy children of whose tide-washed shore With erring: vows the clumping moon adore; Fixed is their law—observed from afies past, If Bhijwrcckcd stranger on their shore be cast, He to the moon muet. olTer riles divine, Or be himself a victim to lier shrine. On this island Ainab, a youthful maiden of Pagan Arab blood, is wrecked; rescued, she obeys the island law, sacrifices to Yarcba, the goddess of the moon, and takes the name of Aleilat. Her beauty and gentle virtues so endear her to the simple inhabitants of the isle that by the voice of king and people she is appointed to the sacred office of "Priestess of the Moon." She is beloved by Basil, the king's son. A second ship is wrecked upon their shore, and a party of the hardy islanders rescue a drowning youth. He refuses to offer sacrifice to Yarcba. He is a Christian, and scorns to buy his life by apostacy or sacrilege. Zimlach, the king, touched by the noble bearing and gentle firmness of the youth, is unwilling that he should die, and suspends the action of the law. Basil becomes a convert to Christianity. The king himself wavers in his worship of the inoon, and inclines to embrace the faith of Damian, the rescued stranger. This irritates and alarms Balchomer, the Pontiff of the Moon, who, fearing for his power and position, resolves that Damian shall die, and that even the king and the prince his son shall feel his vengeance. A fierce plague breaks out and desolates the land, which greatly assists Balchomer's designs. The king, alarmed and anxious to learn the cause of so fearful a pestilence, summons Balcliomer to court, and calls upon him to expound the dread secret which Aleilat has said he alone Admitted to the royal presence he, with feigned reluctance, thus explains the cause of the fatal plague:— One only cure—jc nil re member well The law and custom of our honoured sires; Once in thy reign this law has been observed, When fair Alielat, wrecked upon our shores, With willing, grateful heart, paid Yarcha's due— Long years ol wealth and happiness ensued. Once in thy reign thiB law was lulled to sleep (Thou say'st thyself 'twas never Bet aside.) . Daralan, the shipwrecked Christian, boldly scorned 'J'lie moon, her goddess, and her ancient rites, His life was therefore forfeit; but thy heart, By foolish, fatal clemency misled, Harked to the waitings of thy Christian Bon. Prince Basil's tears prevailed against our land, And many a tear our people since have shed. The outraged Yarclia lays her grievous hand On our apostate, sacrilegious times. Damian, alive, still treads her once loved isle, Bis presence is an outrage to her shrin. s, His life, ill-spared, to us is source of death; If thou wilt, king, this mortal pest abate, Retrieve the past, recall the iatal step. To Damian be the choice once more proposed. If he comply, the pestilence 1s stayed; If he relliBe, his death,.Bhall gave tbe state. Damian is accordingly arrested, and once more .the alternative-, of apostacy or death is placet!before him. In this scene "the Challenge^ is given—the language is so beautiful in its simplicity that we transcribe it entire :— AXBILAT. Damian has choice, to live, and giant UB life; I/et him adore the silent midnight queen, Whose power and beauty cliim our willing homage. DAMIAN. I-never shall, with eyes idolatrous Salute the moving moon, however bright, Nor move my hand in worship, nor permit My heart to thrill with joy, or fear, or love, Withdrawn from Him who made moon, stats, and . .sky; 'Twould be iniquity most rank and gross, Denial public of tbe I<ord mosthigli. :: ALEILAT. Speak you of praise, of worship, or of love? Look to the moon, when first in eastern skies She lifts her-glowing orb above the earth, 1P Aleilat, or The Challenge, a drama in three acts, by'the Bev. William Kelly, fi J., composed expressly forAbe pupils of the Con vent of Mercy Boarding School, fleaong. J>ublin: James Duffy 16 WellingtonQuay; an&pondm; 22PaternosterBoir. 18?0. And sheds effulgence over sea and land; Throbs not the fnilor with diliglit and praise. When the dark deep basks in her silver beams ? Thrills not the traveller's breast with grateful joy, When mountain path and yawning dismal chasm Stand full revealed? Beats not the swelling heart With wonder, adoration, pleasing awe, As through the gorgeous vault our straining eyes Enraptured follow her majestic course? DAMIAN. Enthusiast, blind! the moon indeed, is fair. God viewed His works, and saw that they were good; To Him, not to His works, is homage due, The earth ia His and all that it contains. Tliesea is His, Its billows, storms, and tides. His is the sky, sun, planet, stars, and moon. ALEILAT. Then let tby God bear witness to himself; When thou art prisoner on the stormy shore, If Christ 1 by Lord have power o'er moon and tide, Let Him command the waters to recede. And Yarclia's worshp we shall straight renounce. BASIL. Fell ever words so fierce from lips so fair ? DAMIAN. 'Tie not for man to give the Almighty laws; Nor tell Him when or where to show His power. ZIMLACH. Methinks Aleilat gives the challenge fair, Adore our gods, or trust tby life to thine— No power have I to change our island laws : Make then thy final choice. DAMIAN. My choice is made: To creaturc Damian shall not bend his knee. ZIMLACH. Sad is my task :—thy blood be on thy head; Our law requires thy life; prepare to die. Cut, Priestess, from his brow tbe fatal hairs, Then liad the prisoner, Hanno, to liiB doom. The sequel is soon told. In obedience to the law Aleilat cuts the fatal lock from Damian's bead, and in doing so discovers lier brother, lost many years before :— " For on a certain memorable day, As wild he sported o'er our Arab sands, A lawless cruiser bore him off to sea." The recognition is managed with great force and tenderness; but our limited space warns us onwards. Aleilat communicates her discovery to Basil. Both appeal to the King to assert his power and spare the life of Damian. Zimlach holds counsel with the Pontiff, people, and soldiers; but all regret the appeal, and are clamorous for tbe law. Basil plans an escape. An attempt is made—Damian is retaken, and sentenced to immediate death. Balchomer, distrusting tbe king's resolution, secretly administers poison. Zimlach dies, but not before He had renounced the worship of his sires; With fading eyes strained full upon the Cross His dying lipB adored the name of Christ! His death is represented to tbe trembling people by Balchomer as a punishment for bis weak vacillation as an additional scourge sent by the outraged goddess to her unfaithful island. The people with one voice demand the death of Damian. He is led from his prison, hurried by the excited multitude to the beach, bound to the fatal rock, when—but let us listen to the dread catastrophe as told by Hanno to Aleilat:— We stood upon tbe margin of the sea. The ocean broke in thunder on the shore, The crusted billows heaved with wildest rage. Close to the rock thy brother's place was marked, That rock where Yurcha once thou didst adore. Balchomer at bis side, with brow erect, High voice, fair presence, military mien. Damian refused to offer sacrifice. " One God I serve—Sire. Son, and Holy Ghost," Such wore his words. Balchomer seized the chain, WOB fastening close the rivet's fatal link. When rang loud voiceB on the buzzing air: " Here comcB King Basil 1" Basil swift sprang forth : "List, list, ye thousands, I am now your king; On your allegiance straglit disperse," he cried. Balchomer, draw that rivet, slack that ohain, And let the prisoner Damian go unharmed." Still stood Bulchomer— but (he youthful king, The prisoner's gallant bearing, fond regret To Bee such stripling meet such piteous doom, Seemed to produce some wavering in the throng. Loud cried Bulchomer, foaming like the waves, "Thou art no king; thy sceptre Yarclia spurns, Die with the Christian who defies the Moon." Then lifting high the sacrificial sword He aimed a traitor's blow at Basil's head. The youthful monarch lightly sprang aside, And in the headlong fury of the stroke, His foothold loosened by a rushing wave. Balchomer fell; and tolling, dashed with force His brew against the rock of sacrifice. Stunned for an instant as he bleeding lay, A second billow, bursting o'er liis lorm. Hurled liis dead body high upon the shore. Basil with speed the half-set rivet loosed, And as ho stood with Damian by his Bide (BaJchoiner lying dead before their feet), "See, Bee," he cried, "the power of Him I serve, Your own Aleilat, Priestess of the Moon, On lire, pi-rhaps, with instinct from above. Declared, if Christ our Lord was really God, He could protect His servants from the tide ; Has tide, monn, Yarclia, then their priest preserved ? The throng enthusiastic hailed his speech, Avowed the Cross inorepowerful than the Moon, Declared they looked to Christ for life and health, Called Zimlach just, and set thy Daiiiian free. See where he comes. King Basil by his side. We have given a full outline and copious extracts, that our readers may judge of the interest and merits of the piece. The language is uniformly simple and elegant; concise, without b'eing obscure; dramatic, without pedantry; bold, vigorous, and manly, and never running into mere prettiness of expression or emptiness of sound. The plot is well conceived and naturally developed. The characters are touched with great delicacy, and sustained with great consistency. That of Aleilat is a beautiful and poetical creation. The winning gentleness of her nature is not lost, but purified in the depth of her devotion and fervour of her zeal. In such a character •we do not look for expressions of tender feeling, or the evidence and development of human passion. As before remarked, these, however beautiful and effeotive in themselves, in the present drama would be out of place; but there are a few touches of nature which, like the faint outlines of a picture, show a master's hand. The characters of Damian and Basil are true to nature, nobly designed, and preserved with, great accuracy and taste. In Damian is .clearly shown the superiority of Christian morality, and the steadfastness of Christian belief.- 'Hanno is always the same "blunt,.honest, "military man," with strong feelings but no deep convictions, honowable principles, and frank nature, with a certain rough gentleness of heart, but without keen sensibilities to another's motives, or sympathy with another's Buffering. .,.. Not to the pupils of Geelong Convent.alone should'.thiB drama projre,interesting and instructive.. . Writtenfor theentertaimnent of a school, as was the ." Hidden Gem, " by the late Cardinal "Wiseman, like.it "AleUat " may^row to be wel- come and pleasant reading for many a Catholic family—to be performed upon many a stage, and, through the powerful agency of scenic representation, to show more clearly, to impress more deeply, the truths and privileges of our glorious religion. It will be difficult for our enemies to confound poetry with priestcraft, while to every Catholic in Victoria it should be matter of joyful pride that among the first dramatic writers of this colony is found one of our own priests. 