CHARLES DICKENS. In the Town and Country Journal published in Sydney on the 25th ult., a likeness of Charles Dickens forms one of the illustrations, and it is accompanied by the following brief account of his career as one of "The Men of the Age" and part of a series of biographies of eminent per- sonages. It speaks of Mr. Dickens as still living though he had then been fifteen days numbered with the dead. Among the most attractive writers of fiction in the Victorian era of English literature, Charles Dickens occupies a high place. Indeed, taking the extent to which his writings are cir- culated through the world as the test of popularity, it may be said that he is second to none in the power to win the attention and applause of the million ; and as his imagination has all along been enlisted in the service of humanity, he deserves to be a favourite. He was born at Landport, in Hampshire, England, in 1812. His father, Mr. John Dickens, had a situation in the Pay Department of the Navy, and being pensioned off at the conclusion of the war with France, he became a Parliamentary reporter. His son Charles was placed as clerk in an attorney's office ; but as he had more inclination for literary effort than for the business of the office, and soon proved himself capable of compositions that gave pro- mise of creditable attainment, he was offered a position as reporter on the True Sun. Thence he went to the Morning Chronicle, on which he was engaged under Mr. John Black. Soon after the commencement of his engagement as a reporter on this paper, he wrote for it " Sketches of English Life, by Boz." The first of these appeared in the year 1836, and at once gained for " Boz" a wide-spread popularity. And, of course, the favourable reception he met with stimulated him to new efforts. " Boz " was distinguished by the boldness with which he introduced upon the pages of fiction phases of English life that had been generally regarded up to that time us lying outside the fields of romance. While showing by some of his delineations that he had not given up his own refinement, he brought upon the scene illustrations of coarse and brutal character, relieved with striking examples of pure and gentle human nature. About this time he wrote a comic opera, "The Village Coquettes." Soon afterwards he was engaged by Chapman and Hall to write a serial in monthly parts, to be illustrated by Seymour. He gave to this new story the title of " Posthumous papers of the Pickwick Club." The publishers, knowing the talent of Seymour, seem to have engaged Boz to perform a secondary part in the produc- tion of a work rich in fun and ingenuity. But it was soon evident that the letter-press was more attractive than even the sketches of the talented artist. From the notion of a club, who mimicked and caricatured the manners of mem- bers of Parliament, this story soon passed into a regular narrative of the adventures of Mr. Pickwick, a most amiable and eccentric old bachelor. The scenes and characters of this story have become familiar in every social circle throughout the countries where the English lan- guage is spoken. Sam Weller, the elder, with his common sense philosophy and dread of "widders;" Sam Weller, the younger, with his loyalty to his good master, and honest buoyant heart—both thoroughly English-poor Mrs. Bardell with her embarrassing susceptibilities and ridiculous pathos—and brow- beating Sergeant Buzfuz, will long live in the imagination of generations of English readers. Those Pickwick Papers were not only a great commercial success, but the in- troduction to a new era in literature. The every-day life of the middle and lower classes, described with accuracy and vigour, was made the chief interest in imaginary history ; and other talented writers soon took up the same class of subjects. In 1838, the real name of the writer who had became popular as " Boz," was published to the world. Meanwhile Bentley had, in 1837, engaged Dickens to conduct his " Miscellany," and in 1837 appeared the first instalment of " Oliver Twist. " As a repertory of humour, and an embodiment of high spirits, Dickens has pro- duced nothing which surpasses his first noted production, the " Pickwick Papers." But in " Oliver Twist," and other tales, he has shown a nobler purpose, and a more varied talent. He has proved his power in the regions of the pathetic to be equal to that which he has ex- hibited in the comic. " Oliver Twist," was the first tale in which Dickens made the assertion of the claims of philanthropy on behalf of the down-trodden children of want the main object of his pen, and in which pathos predominates over the ludicrous. In following his youthful hero through the persecutions of a parish work-house, and the haunts of the lawless and dissipated classes in London, the author not only charms the reader by the novelty of his delinea- tions of life, but calls forth the deep sympathies of the heart. Having visited one of the cheap boarding schools in the wolds of Yorkshire, and seen the inhumanity practised on the unfortu- nate children consigned by their parents to the care of miserly, unfeeling, schoolmasters and housekeepers, Dickens introduced into his next tale, Nicholas Nickleby, a description of the cruelties of " Do-the-boys Hall." This tale com- prehends a larger variety of character than those which preceded it. A fine spirited youth and his charming sister meet on their way through the world, villainous lawyers, poor but good- hearted clerks, dissipated noblemen and their sycophants, victims of the miserly schoolmaster's cruelty, and true friends. The publication of this tale had some good effect in checking the evil against which it was directed ; but the operation of such efforts in first awakening at- tention to abominable cruelties requires to be followed up by a long continued education of public feeling, up to the point at which out- rages on humanity will be effectually frowned down. At present, it is to be feared there is many a " Do-the-boys" Hall in existence. Dickens' pointed rebuke of some of the iniquities of the wealthy provoked against him some hos- tility ; he was charged with misrepresentation and exaggeration. If those complaints had any effect upon him, it was not by any means to in- duce him to retract what he believed from ob- servation to be true representations, but to stir him up to render impartial justice by attacking successively the wrong- doing of many classes. In his " Hard Times " he again, at a later period, pleaded the cause of the poor against those who took advantage of their necessities to grind them to the dust. The next production of his pen was a series entitled " Master Humphrey's Clock," compris- ing two tales, the " The Old Curiosity Shop," and " Barnaby Rudge. " In the first of these he showed that the conception of " Oliver Twist" had not exhausted his capacity for origi- nal and touching sketches of child life. " Little Nelly" is almost unmatched as a personification of childhood's affection and simplicity. " Bar- naby Rudge" has more of an historical character than any other of his tales, being taken from the times of Lord George Gordon and the " No Popery" riots. Having gone thus far out of the region of fiction, the author went still further in the same direction, and published a work from which fiction was altogether excluded, though in the narrative of facts he found scope for word-paint ing. This was the "Memorials of Joseph Grimaldi" a man whose life presented just that combination of the comic and pathetic in the delineation of which Dickens most excelled. "The Tale of Two Cities," another tale with something of historic air, appeared at a subsequent time. But Dickens spoke more effectually to the world, because mere fully in the exercise of his own true function, when he wrote a series of tales for the winter holidays and fireside family meetings, "The Christmas Carol," "The Chimes," the "Cricket on the Hearth," "The Battle of Life," and " The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain." These Christmas visitors have been welcomed to thousands of happy homes, to give new animation to merriment, and some- times a deeper zest to affection and good resolu- tion. Meanwhile, Dickens had become a traveller, visiting several of the States of America, and making his observations on the manners and morals of the American people. On his return in 1842, he published " American Notes for general circulation." Whether he had taken his cue from " Sam Slick," or whether two British subjects—one a judge, from the province of Canada, and the other a literary man from the mother country—came from independent obser- vation to similar conclusions as to the faults and foibles of brother Jonathan, it is certain that Dickens' criticisms cut us keenly as those of Judge Haliburton. The Americans were greatly annoyed at the pictures presented to the world of their social life "for general circulation" in England, and the world. A storm of indigna. tion burst forth in the press of the United States against the spy who had partaken of their hospitality, and then from his safe retreat in England issued forth his stinging caricatures. The passion, however, soon subsided, and did not hinder Americans from relishing the humor- ous and touching productions that issued from the inventive brain of their critic. Long before his second visit to America, all feelings of resent- ment had died away. In 1844 he published "Martin Chuzzlewit," the last of his produc- tions in which humour predominates. The same year he visited Italy, and wrote descriptions of what he there observed, which appeared after- wards in the Daily News. This London journal was started on the 1st January, 1840, and Dickens, who had a hand in the originating of the project, was appointed to the post of its first editor. His " Pictures of Italy" formed a very interesting feature of the paper. He did not, how- ever, long continue in the office of editor. Poli- tics did not seem to be a congenial sphere. He doubtless found more agreeable occupation in writing "Dombey and Son'' ; and when it began to be whispered by some critics, that his powers were on the decline he produced a tale that is acknowledged to be equal, and by some con- sidered to be superior to any of his former works—" David Copperfield. " Certainly in the power of exciting the humane sympathies this tale is inferior to none. Nor did this exhaust his imaginative powers. In quick succession it was followed by " Agnes," " Bleak House," "Hard Times," "Little Dorrit," "A Tale of Two Cities," " The Uncommercial Traveller," and " Great Expectations." In all his tales there is the same playful humour, more or less displayed on the surface, with occasional appeals to the emotional part of human nature, and a background of earnest purpose, either the ex- posure of shams, or the tearing away of the hypocrite's garb, or the condemnation of villany, or the plea for commiseration on behalf of the suffering and the helpless. In 1850 he commenced a course of literary labours of a different kind, by the publication of "Household Words,"—a weekly journal com- prising information on matters of useful and ornamental art, practical science, history, curiosi- ties of antiquity, and almost every topic that appeals to the reason or the imagination, en- livened by tales and poetry. Compared with his former works, this journal indicates that, with advancing years, the author has felt an increas- ing desire to contribute solid benefits to the sum of human happiness, by diffusing informa- tion calculated to engage the thoughts on im- portant subjects. This publication was con- tinued until 1859, when its place was supplied by " All the Year Round," in which Dickens still continues to furnish thousands of readers with a multiform variety of mental food. In 1864 he began " Our Mutual Friend," a more artistic novel than his earlier tales, but one that lacks the freshness of genius which won for him the ear of the multitude. While as an individual writer thus largely contributing to the literature of the day, Dickens has shown a generous public spirit in the advancement of the interests of his colleagues in the ranks of polite learning. He was one of the founders of the Guild of Liter- ature, and has been an active promoter of the Royal Literary Fund. He has also been a generous friend to many artists and authors. It is a matter for regret to have to refer to the fact that one distinguished by such amiable traits should have missed that home happiness which he has often well depicted. But Mr. Dickens himself has thought it due to all concerned, to inform the world of the nature of his domestic troubles, and it is, therefore, no impertinent intrusion to note the fact that, in consequence of " incompatibility" found to be insuperable, he has deemed it necessary to pro- vide a separate establishment for Mrs. Dickens, and has done this on a scale that would be generous for one much more rich than he is. The world of readers can hardly believe that the_ fault lies on the side of their favourite author. The man who has made us all love " Oliver Twist,""Little Nelly," the "Brothers Cheeryble," and " Kate Nickleby," and detest cruelty and selfishness cannot be one without heart, or one that would willingly cost a shade of gloom over his own home circle. In 1868 he once more visited America ; and received wherever he went a most enthusiastic ovation. He publicly acknowledged that his former representations of American life had been based on imperfect information ; and that all future editions of the " American Notes" should have a fly leaf bearing this confession. His past errors, in the face of this acknowledge- ment were freely pardoned by the people who have felt themselves to be grievously libelled by that production ; and the reconciliation was cordial. The writer concludes with the alas ! vain hope, that Mr. Charles Dickens might long live to amuse and instruct a circle of readers wider than almost any author has ever succeeded in interesting by thirty years successive produc- tions. 