POLTHANGER GRANGE ; A STORY OF GUILT AND RETRIBUTION. CHAPTER I. A BODY IN THE WOOD. " Good bye, old fellow. God bless you and don't forget to write ; another, all right old boy - love to Annie !" and the 10.30 night train steamed from the platform at Euston Square with an unearthly yell, leaving me alone. In those days I was a medical student. George Meredith, a student like myself, was in all other respects my antipodes, and the strange fate that seems to rule such matters made us very fast friends. Accidental contact at hospital lectures, soon ripened into a true friendship, the result of which was his betrothal to a dear girl, my sister, the above-mentioned Annie. We had both been reading hard for our 'preliminary,' and he determined. to have some relaxation (to brace his nerves for the forthcoming ordeal, as he put it). He was confident of success ; I more doubtful, and refusing all his earnest endeavours to "force" me with him, I left him on a fine December night to the tender mercies of an express train, on his way to Cornwall. Three weeks passed ; on the commencement of the fourth, I received the following strange and startling epistle : - ___17th, ___18 __ Polthanger Grange, Cornwall. Dear Tom, Come down here as soon ss possible, I am very ill and shattered, body and nerves. I cannot leave here ; and If I don't have relief I shall go mad. I dare not say any more in a letter ; keep this from Annie and everyone. Get the erclosed analysed — old B____ will do it in a few hours and please bring it back with you. I shall expect you on Thursday at the latest, and shall send the cart to meet you at Holmesdale ; the last train arrives at 10.45 pm. Come, for God's sake, my dear fellow ! Yours, as ever, GEORGE. Hastily finishing my breakfast, I went straight to the dissection theatre of the hospital, where I found old B— in the middle of an animated discussion with our demonstrator. I motioned to him, and he followed me out. He could make no more of Ithe letter than myself. I gave him the enclosure, a paper containing a small quantity of light coloured powder, and agreed to meet him that evening. I felt too dispirited for the badinage of my merry friends, and so slipped away. We only knew George Meredith's father to be (from his report) a strange lonely, eccentric old man who lived in a solitary mansion which had belonged to ihe family for years, perched high up among a perfect wilderness of rocks on the Cornwall coast. The old gentleman sent us a happy, congratulatory letter on George's engagement to my sister, containing a pressing invitation for my mother to spend some of the ensuing months at Polthanger. The morning followed the night and as the grey dawn, came struggling into life through the murky clouds B__ and myself hastily finished our task. On applying various tests to the preparation sent, and after incessant and vigilant care, we found it contained a minimum quantity of the active principle of aconite, though quite enough to destroy life ; and here we rested. I had the idea, from Meridiith's letter that, in some way or other he suspected foul play ; and if so, our end was gained with the discovery of the aconite. I thought it right, under the circumstances, to say nothing: to my sister or mother as to our proceedings. After a hurried leave-taking, I jolted in a cab to the railway station, a strange, wistful look of uncertainty and anguish in my sister's eyes, haunting me, like a bad dream. It was a horridly chilly evening, too, and the dying daylight struggled feebly with the lighted lamps of the station. Save for a few shivering passengera like myself, and two or three sulky offcials, the platform was deserted. The mist lay thickly on the flats, when, worn out, I fell asleep. When I awoke the moon was shining brightly and a chilly, biting frost had dissipated the lowering dismal clouds, and the wind was rising to a perfect hurricane. This sombre weather in my excited state was intolerable ; I seemed to be stifling, between the horrors which were growing around me and the funeral wailing of the wind outside that dashed the withered leaves against the windows of the carriage as we passed an autumn-tinted wood. Portents of evil seemed to be rising from that strange mourning sound telegraph wires make, when the wind rises. The angry roar of a distant sea added to this wall of sound when I stepped out on to the platform at the isolated station of Holmesdale. I can see that station now after the lapse of years ; I can hear the distant sea and feel that biting wind as if they were in the homely room in which I record my experiences. The wild weather was destined to be clearly impressed on my memory never to be effaced. After the long train had whirled away, with its rear red light gleaming like an angry eye, I found a 'trap' waiting for me as I anticipated. I received ample directions from an official, and started for Polthanger. The mist by this time had nearly vanished, and the moon shone brilliantly in a cloudless sky. The frozen snow was crisp under my feet, and the straight road stretched out plainly before me. At a given point, I diverged from the main road, and crossing a rustic stile saw a dense wood, whose interlacing boughs the moon's rays could not fully penetrate. With a shudder that I can easily explain now, i can took one last look at the bright road and entered its gloomy vistas, extending far away and deepening into darkness. The frost seemed to have had little effect upon the darkness here, and the slime and withered vegetable matter lying deep on the ground, clung in a sickly manner to my feet. Perhaps I may have travelled thus a mile or more - for I had no count of time that night— until, through a space which was clear of trees, I saw the moonbeams glimmer on a mansion which i knew from description was Polthanger Grange. The roar of the sea had been gradually increasing as I walked along and now to the right I could see the seaboard, dotted with white sails. I was just re-entering the dense foliage which formed the woods as some distant turret clock chimed twelve, when I perceived a dark indenfinable mass lying in the deepest shadow of the trees. God knows, it was no impulse of my own that drew me to that spot, but the strange and inscrutable workings of that Divine will bring all dark and hidden crimes to light. Deep, deep down, half buried in the soft green grass, lay the form of him I had loved so well. As a mass of clouds passed from over the the moon, its flood of silver light fell on the motionless figure of George Meredith. Stiff, stark and dead. Death, in the poor white face ; death in the half-opened eyes that glared so horribly through the interlacing boughs, straight into the ghastly sky. CHAPTER II. ON THE TRACK. A sickly sun struggled feebly in the sky, as I ascended the winding-path to Polthanger Grange. No traces of confusion were visible about the well-appointed house. As I neared the gates, all was very quiet ; and as I rang the bell, the handle of which was a huge iron ring, its echoes reverberated through the courtyard, and were quickly answered by a liveried domestic. It was evident that its inmates had no idea as to the catastrophe, the tidings of which I was the most unhappy bearer. I waited for old Meredith in the octagonal room overlooking the beach, and it was with no enviable feelirigs that I anticipated his coming. It had been such a totally unexpected event, and I had been hurried so blindly to the awful end, that I had no thought for anything but the horror which paralysed me. Now that the body was lying tranquilly at the little inn where I had caused it to be conveyed, all hope was gone that it might have been a hideous dream ; and anxious to be at home, lest the tidings should reach Annie before me. I chafed impatiently, with the wintry sun thawing the frosted panes, and the sea, almost at my feet, keeping up an everlasting murmur. Hearing the door open, I turned quickly to see on its threshold the form of a girl. Had a sleep-walker, under the influence of some midnight horror, suddenly confronted me I could not have been more startled than I was by the features and contour of this woman. In a strange, low voice, that seemed to leave an echo in the air, she spoke : " My presence needs an explanation, sir. I am sorry my uncle is too indisposed to see you ; if I could be the bearer of your business to him, I should be happy to do so." I bowed and answered, " Unfortunately, my business is of a painful and imperative nature. Being a relative, you may know my name," I said quietly, handing her my card. She merely said, " I have not the honour ; pardon me for a moment and allow me to ring for refreshments, for you must have been travelling all night. I will acquaint my uncle with your arrival." She waited until a servant had brought in breakfast, and then glided out as noiselessly as a ghost. I am not versed in portraiture ; I only know I love or hate iinstinctively and seek or avoid the objects of either. I disliked this woman. I saw indecision and fear in her every movement ; the restless eyes, which never dwelt on an object, but rather scanned it ; the quivering of the facial muscles which even the small mouth, tightly drawn, could not hide from my acute sight. That strange pallor of the face, too, and the toneless voice ; the prematurely silvered hair, and the constant sense of fear that had worn into her lineaments, evidently were the indelible imprints, of some deep sorrow or guilt. Her form. features and whole bearing were those of a girl, made old by some sudden whirlwind of passion and remorse. My impulse of dislike prompted me to see George's father alone. I did not hear the catch turn, or the hinges of the door move but I felt she was in the room long before she spoke. As any sudden excitement would be fatal to my uncle, may I suggest, if you have any any evil tidings to communicate, you would pause before you endanger his iife. We have had too much sorrow here lately." There was no sorrow in her voice, but the same dull, passionless tones, unbroken by a woman's fear or emotion. We were sitting as we spoke, with the light of the large folding window full in her blanched face, my own being in shadow. She only raised it once, as though waiting for my answer, with the same wild look of entreaty in her eyes that I had noticed before. " I would to God, madam, my errand here was of a different nature — it concerns one who was dear to us all !" I stopped \- for she shrank as if stricken by a heavy blow, cowering to the floor murmuring - " Not dead— not dead ! O God ! not dead." God forgive me if I felt no pity for the crouching woman at my feet, so abject in her abandonment. Without rising, and with her face hidden in her hands, she continued - " Go on, sir ; let me know the worst— is he ill — is he dead ?" She rocked herself, monotonously to and fro, as I detailed the finding of my friend's body in the wood, but carefully abstained from giving her any knowledge of the letter which prompted my journey. I could see her shrink at every sentence. As I ceased, she staggered up, and with a low, wailing cry I shall never forget, fell prostrate at my feet. I carried her to a sofa which was in the room, and rang the bell violently. Close to where she had fallen, I saw something white lying there \- it was a letter. I was placing it carelessly on the table when the superscription caught my eye. God ! it was the handwriting of George Meredith, and was addressed thus :- "Miss Florence Caxton, G. Meredith's, Esq, Polthanger Grange, Cornwall." To examine the office-stamps was the work of a second— only two ; the one, of a sub-office seven miles west of Polthanger ; and the other, that of the postal town of D__. The date was 14 days old, and the envelope was frayed and discoloured as though by frequent handling. Under no other circumstances would I have read a letter not my own ; the same hand that had led me blindly on so far, brought me to this end. I read the letter as the domestics busied themselves around the insensible woman. Its contents had no date, neither was it headed with the name of any town or village, and commenced abruptly, thus :- " I have left the house for a week. For the sake of your dead brother and my father's name, I spare you any exposure. I shall expect you gone on my return ; what is you own I will see that you have. I make no terms with him who has caused this change in you, and the misery and crime that followed it, but will hunt him down to the ends of the earth. No pois -" Here there had been another leaf evidently, which had been torn away from the commencement of the letter, and so it ended. I risked the chance of her knowing I had it, and placed it carefully in one compartment of my pocket-book. Florence Caxton's syncope was of very long duration and the housemaid had run down to the village for the surgeon who attended the family. She returned breathless, followed by that gentleman's assistant, Dr. Judson himself being away from home. A pale, studious face and well-formed, intellectual head, with a quiet, admirable self-possession in the administration of the usual remedies in such simple cases, prepossessed me much in his favour. He had her carried to her apartment, and previous to following, he looked at my travel-stained garments and said :— " I fear sir, you have been the bearer of some evil tidings which have caused this ; I hope it is no great calamity ?* There was no impertinence in his manner, but rather the anxiety of one attached to the family. Why the whole village was ringing with the news of my my poor friend's death, yet this man knew nothing of it. Is it possible that you have not heard of the death of Mr Meredith's son ?" His horror was evidently unfeigned, and, he hurriedly explained that he had, only been home ten minutes before the housemaid called. He had returned from a case at which he had been for some hours and had seen none of the villagers ; his employer was also some miles away on his usual round of visits. I thought I saw here a chance of knowing when George had left the Grange, and said : - " Did you see him on his last visit here ?" He answered, with his face paler, and his whole manner subdued : - " The last time I saw him was about a fortnight ago. He was dining alone, and begged of me to share his meal. He was much depressed, and very different in manner from his usual demeanour. He questioned me closely about his father's state and said that he was leaving that night for Bule Bay. I promised to write him daily, which I did ; but he never acknowledged the receipt of my letters. When I paid my usual visit next morning, he was gone !" That was proof that the letter to Florence was written on the night of leaving Polthanger or on the next morning, as the dates on the envelopes corresponded exactly with the time Mr. James (the assistant) had seen him last. Had he any enemies here, do you think, Mr James ?" He seemed much surprised at this question but promptly answered - " There never was a man more universally beloved by all classes !" He paused, as if in hesitation, but continued : - " He was much changed the last time he was down ; but I attributed that to his anxiety for his father ( poor old man ! how will he bear the news ?) Are you a friend of the family ? Pardon the question, but am I doing right in talking thus to a stranger ?" I took his hand in mine, and said, " If I could, by laying down all I hold dear on earth, to recall the life that has been taken, I would do it. That he has been murdered we cannot doubt ; but the cause of his death is so hidden that retribution on his slayer seems very far away. I was his dearest friend. Help me in this by keeping even the most improbable suspicion a secret until we are on the track. I spoke earnestly. He answered solemnly, " If some invisible hand has brought us together, I believe it is for good ; one dead, and the other dying mysteriously. Why may not the same interest that killed the son, desire the death of the father ?" My breath came quick and short ; the last few words had been half muttered by James, like some intense horror that must find vent in words. I determined to say no more until I knew him better, but resolving not to lose sight of him, as one clue to the vast labyrinth of suspicion, doubt and sorrow, into which I was only just entering. I bade him farewell and left a message to say I would see Miss Caxton on the morrow, then left the cursed house. Ivy encircled it, and a cold bitter wind stirred the sombre-coloured leaves, and seemed to whisper dreadful secrets to the shuddering air. The cheerless sun shone angrily on the distant trees of the wood which I had entered gloomy and sad, never to be happy again, until my dear friend's murder was avenged. ls it true that love has instincts so acute that the heart will collapse, and the flesh tremble in horror at the approach of an antagonistic element to the loved. one, though they lie dead and only their memory remains ? I am no judge ; but as I opened the smaller wicket, which divided the house from the winding path, I heard the clatter of a horse's hoofs, and shuddered until the frail wicket trembled in my grasp, as my straining eyes looked towards the main road. A stranger soon came in sight, leading a horse up the steep hill towards the house. The path was narrow — I stepped, aside — our eyes met - our bodies almost touched \- our first meeting - never to be forgotten by either. CHAPTER III. IN THE NET. I pass over, with a sorrowful and reverent hand, the grief of a dear sister, chastened by something better than earthly ties, who sits by me as I write. An inquest was held on the body, at which an ' open' verdict was returned. No marks of violence, no distortion of features denoting agony, no signs of a struggle about the spot where he fell. The mystery that enveloped his death, to all eyes but mine and James's, appeared to rest with him in his grave, never to be divulged until the last day. I saw him buried and l engaged rooms from the windows of which, I could see his grave. I became a constant visitor at the Grange, and link by link I forged the chain which brought me to the end. On the day foilowng my strange interview with James, I fulfilled my promise. When I reached the house, I saw Florence Caxton, perfectly recovered from her attack - but not alone. Sitting by her side, in familiar conversation, was the stranger I had passed on the previous day. In a few words, almost gay in their tone, she gave me a formal introduction to " Dr. Judson, poor uncle's medical attendant." The change in this woman since I left her yesterday was astonishing. Her eyes had a brilliant phosphoric light and her pale cheeks were suffused with a rich crimson, the effect of excitement or passion. She received me cordially and pressed me strongly to stay until the unhappy news had been told to her uncle. I irresistibly associated this change in her demeanour to some influence more powerful than her own ; and when I looked at Dr Judson, I felt I had never seen power more indelibly written on any human face. He was of medium height, with hands and feet small and delicate. The latter were encased in patent leather riding boots, without a crease ; the former glistened with rings of great value. An inch or two of spotless white breeches showed beneath the skirt of a black coat, which was closely buttoned to the chin, leaving just a glimpse of a small collar fastened by a topaz stud ; a black neckerchief, with loose floating ends, completed this costume which admirably suited the head and face that surmounted it. A riding coat, whip, and hat lay on the dining table. The most remarkable feature of his face, was its pallidity ; not an unhealthy hue but as though it had been bleached a startling, unvarying white. His eyes were seldom seen beneath long, drooping lids, but when visible, showed immensely-dilated pupils, perfectly black, in which were concentrated all the baleful fascination of the serpent. He had an immense angular lower jaw, whose contour was hidden by well-trimmed whiskers. His perfectly-formed mouth seemed like a red line drawn on the white background of his face and his thin lips betrayed habitual, nervous twitching. His very broad forehead, redeemed by premature baldness which gave it an artificial, height, was surrounded by black hair closely cut. This completed a picture which contained a certain repulsiveness I at once associated with something cruel and bad. " Perhaps it would be as well if you saw my uncle with the Doctor." This comment came from Florence ; and the Doctor rose, as I bowed and followed. I saw that he walked with a scarcely-perceptible limp, and that one of his hips was slightly raised, as though from some past accident. " I see that you are looking at my misfortune," he said with a low musical laugh. I started involuntarily, for I was behind him when he spoke. " I dislocated my hip once, in conquering a horse as stubborn as myself - no easy thing to find, I can tell you ; but I think it was worth the risk - I'm not a marrying man and he stands at the gate now, as quiet as a lamb and the wonder of the whole country ; so much for brute force versus reason !" he concluded with a sneer. He stopped at a long window which reached to the floor, and with his hand pointed downward to attract my attention. It was a strange, wild sight - sea and sky were one unvarying colour, save when the breakers dashed, in a long white line of foam, along a bleak and rugged coast. The huge waves came rolling in with a long heavy swell, and there was an oppression in the air, you could almost feel. Two large East Indiamen were in the offing, and the tapering masts of a rakish little schooner lay under the lee of a huge rock, while hundreds of seagulls flew or rested, screaming. " Our friends in the offing had better keep clear. Our coast is a cruel one, and we shall have 'great guns ' blowing shortly. If you have never seen a storm, stand here when It comes and you will have a grand sight ; the sea playing with three-deckers like toys is not to be forgotten ; but come we are forgetting my patient !" Another flight of stairs and we stood at a door so seldom seen out of ancient houses, built out of polished oak and solid enough to stand a siege. With his hand on the door, Judson said to me, in a husky whisper : - " You had better break it the old man the sad news of - of - (something seemed to choke him) his son's death." " I repiied : " It would be madness on my part : he has never seen me : this shock would be less severe coming from you and -" He stopped me with an impatient movement of anger. " I tell you, sir, I cannot break it to him ! It must come from you, and now ; or this suspense at not seeing his son will as effectually kill him as any bad news would." He turned his eyes fully on me, and my own, in spite of myself, dropped. I hurriedly signified assent, and we entered. The doctor advanced to the bed to break my coming gently, and as I stood in the shadow, I heard the remains of a once jolly voice, but very sad now, say : _ " Well, Doctor, I think you come to find me much better ; although I have missed you, and the last week without you has passed very slowly. Bad news, bad news, Judson ! Where's that lad of mine ? It's cruel ! They pretend he has gone nobody knows where ! I tell you I should get well if I could only see him ; and I must — I must !" The poor hands sank into a tremor and beat upon the counterpane in feeble and querulous despair. In answer, to some questions, I heard his voice again. " It's burn, burn, burn, Doctor ! and your physic makes it worse, I tell you its like devils gnawing at my heart with teeth of fire !" It was a very lofty room, with a faded, melancholy look about its well worn carpet and its heavy merino curtains to the dim windows, once scarlet, but now almost colourless from age. The bed was very lofty and of immense size, covered in like a hearse with heavy plumes and long trailing hangings which rustled ghostlike when the door was opened. A huge fire-place with a few live embers in it, stood opposite the door. The foot of the bed faced the two windows, and thus the light fell fully on the sick man as I stepped from the shadow of the bed-head. " Be careful ; a sudden shock will kill him !' said Judson, in a whisper. And I shall believe until my dying day that there was a fiendish joy in his face as he spoke. Lying on his back, brilliant eyes over fearfully sunken cheeks, with skin hanging like parchment over his bones, I first saw the father of my dead friend. Our memories, happy days spent with George, my sister's anguish - never entirely to be obliterated - all these things and many more, crowded in upon me with an almost overwhelming pressure. For the first time since that awful. night, I could have cried bitterly. To be concluded in our next. 