BRISBANE DIOOESAJT SYNOD. (Abridged from Ike Courier.! Tub Synod of the Diocese of Brisbane commenoed its Animal Session on Wednesday. Momingpnyers was said at St. John's Church at 8 a.m. ; litany and celebrating Ho-y Communion followed at 11 o'clock. The offertory, £1 17s 6d, was in aid of Synod expenses. Members of Synod met for transaction of business at 4 pm., in tile Metropolitan District Court House, Queen-street, which had beeu kindly granted for the purpose by His Honor Mr Jndge Sheppard. Tbe raxsiuKNT took the cbair at a quarter past 4, and opened the proceedings with the usual prayers. The Abchdeacojc called the roll of the clerical and lay members. Tbe following are tbe names of (hose who were present :— Revs. J. Button, T. Jones, James Mat thews, W. T. Harte, D. A. Court, 3. E. Moftatt, J. Mosdy, and Archdeacon Ulennie ; Messrs E. B. L. Hitchins, F. O. Bryant, J. R. Dickson, H. O'Reilly, Martin, S. Griinley, X. Hariin, Colonel Gray, R. O. Sutor, R. E. G. Johnson, W. T. BUckeney, C. Coxea, G. K. Harding, Hon. J. Bramston, T. H, Paige, HaUoran, and His Honor Judge Lutwyche. The Synodsmen who bad taken their seats for the first time then signed the declaration that they were communicant members. The Rev. J. Matthews withdrew his resignation of tbe office of Clerical Secretary, and Mr S. Grimley was unanimously elected lay secretary in the room of Mr Short, resigned. The Pbestdknt then read the foUowing address :— ' My Reverend Brethren and my Brethren of the Laity,— It is with feelings of deep thankfulness to the Almighty Giver of aU good that I meet you at the opening of this the Second Session of our Second Synod, to again take counsel with you with a view to the ordering and well-governing of the Church in this diocese. 'Since the close of our last session, 'several changes have taken place in the constituent members of onr body by the resignation of some of the lay members of our Synod and the departure of others from the colony ; and I cannot allow this occasion to pass without a brief tribute of affectionate regard and respect (in which I am sure that the members of the Synod and of the Church in this diocese will truly sympathise with me) for the memory of one of our clerical brethren who, in the infinite order ings of Divine wisdom, has thus early been taken from us. It was in August, 1867, that the Rev Mr Botting, who had previously been admitted by me whilst iu England, to the Diaconate, joined us at Brisbane ; and scarcely two and a half yean had elapsed from his entrance upon tbe active duties of the ministry when it seemed good to our Heavenly Father to call him from his labour into his rest. In the pastoral district of Warwick, where the first few months of his ministerial life were spent ; in the populous and important town of Rockhampton, which I had hoped might for many years have hod the advuutago of hiB single-minded and untiring devotion to the service of our Heavenly Master, and in the comparatively quiet town of Gladstone, where lie haJ goue with a hope, if it hod been God's will, of recruiting hie shattered heath, and where in the home of a kind and sympa thising friend tbe last few weeks of his valuanle life were spent, the memory of our dear friend will long be held in affectionate regard, whilst his Borrowing widow, who is now on the eve of her departure for her native land, will carry with her the affectionate sympathies of those who had learnt to value her excellent husband, and who, truly sympathising with her in this her deep affliction, yet weep not for the dead thus early colled from his labor to his rest, but for the loss to the Church of services so fuU of the fairest promise, and for the sorrow of those who are left to mourn the loss of oue so justly valued and so truly loved. ' In the report of the Diocesan Council, which will be laid before you, you will see, my reverend brethren and my brethren of the laity, that during the present session of our Synod, many subjects of deep importance to the welfare of the Church in this diocese will claim, as I am sure that they will receive, your patient and careful attention. There will be laid before you, for your consideration, the draft of a model Trust Deed, which has been very carefully prepared, with a view to securing the pro perty of tue Ckorvh iu this colony, together with a form of conveyance for incorporating the trusts. A draft canon, for regulating the election of aynods meu, in amendment of the Electoral Canon passed I by the first Synod in its Bessiou of 18(18, has been prepared by a select committee of the Diocesan Council, and will be brought before you. You will be invited to consider a draft canon which has been prepared witn a view oi providing lor me lorma tion and division of parishes ; and also a canon to provide for the constitution of benefices and the appointment of clergy ; and you will be asked to give your very careful attention to the report of a sub-committee which was appointed by the Diocesan Council to inquire into the desirability or otherwise of rejieoliiig what is commonly called Sir Richard Bounce's Act ; together with a bill which has been prepared fur the purpose of repealing Act 8 William IV., No fi, and 21 Victoria, No 4, and also to incor porate the Synod of the Diocese of Brisbane. 'There are many important subjects upon which, my brethren, I should have been glad to have ad drcBsed you had time permitted, but I must pass on to say a few words with regard to the progress of Church extension in the diocese during the post year, and 1 feel that, with deep thankfulness to the Almighty Giver of itll good, we may humbly acknow ledge that the material progress during that time has not been unsatisfactory, especially when we bear in mind the Btate of commercial and financial depres sion which still continues to press heavily upon the colony. May God of his infinite mercy eraut that each step in material progress may tend to the quickening and building up of many an awakeued soul in our most holy faith. The new church of All Saints, on Wickham Terrace, having been opened for Divine service on the 8th of September last, now affords additional accommodation to many who had anxiously desired to worship within its waUs, and Mid when I tell yon that the offertory, from Easter, 1869, to Easter, 1870 (during a considerable portion of which time the congregation were obliged to meet for Divine worship in the School of Arts), produced no less a sum than £578 tie 9d, the free-will offering of a congregation which is far from being the wealth iest of those that assemble themselves together within the limits of the municipality, and that sub sequently to the passing of the churchwardens' accounts at Euster the collections each Sunday seem to nave steadily increased,— owing in crest measure to the larger number of coins that each Lord's Day are now cast into tbe plate, a proof that a much smaller proportion of the congregation than hereto fore are unwilling to recognise the duty acknow ledged in those words of the ltoyal Psalmist, ' AH things come of Thee, and of Thine own have we given Thee,' — we need not, I think, fear that in a Church open to receive all who desire to worship within its walls with a hearty and devotional con gregational service, aclergymau active in the diligent observance of that house to house visitation which is one of the most important obligations of the pas toral office, and churchwardens really anxious to discharge thatlabour of love which appertains to their important office, that at least in towns of any im portance a faithful clergy wholly occupied in tbeir high calling need fail to receive such a scale of remu neration as will enable them to live without con tinual anxiety and carefulness; — a faithful laity acknowledging that it is their duty to set free from anxiety with regard to carnal tilings those whose high calling it is to administer to them in things spiritual, and desiring that their clergy should not only be able to enjoy the decent proprieties and com forts of their position, but toeduoate their children, and make some provision against the casualties of life and the infirmities of age. 'Those of you, my brethren, who are in the habit of using our Southern and Western Railway will scarcely need to be reminded of the convenient and really handsome church which now greets the eye of the traveller as the train stops at the station at Toowoomba— a building creditable alike to the liberality of the inhabitants of that town and neigh borhood, and the untiring energy of the clergyman of the district Whilst the visitor to Brisbane, who is anxious to make himself acquainted with the agri cultural capabilities of its neighborhood, is likely in his tour of investigation to visit the farming settle ments on the banks of the river at Oxley Creek, where he can scarcely fail to be reminded of entne of tiss -village chnrchte of our native land, when his eye his first arrested by the seemly appearance of tie rural church which has with en much pious care been recently erected by the inhabitants of the dis trict. It wflL moreover, be interesting to you, my lii'sllnisi. In slum 111 it s dm ill is in iminw nT mi' (son at Port Mackay, which at present is the most northern settlement of tbe dioftses; that the hand ?one atone church which is now being erected at Warwick will, I hops, be open, for Divine aerrioe iu the course of next munth ; aad tumt the esttbra sit the Albert Kiver. the Pimpama, aad tbs Bald Hills, hare. recently been in communication with me with a new to the erection of churches in those districts. Neither can I omit to mention the Church of fit. Aegastine of Canterbury, which is almost imme diately about to be built in the town of Leybum, and the erection of which will be attended with cir cnmsUnoBS of more than ordinary interest, inas much as it is the free-will offering to my diocese of the boys of the Endowed School of Uppingham, in the county of Rutland, at whose cost it win be erected, and who, having thus testified their interest in the progress of the Church in one of tbe colonies of the British Empire, are now, I understand, about to inaugurate a home mission in one ef the poorest and most destitute districts of our native land. 'The formation of asw districts is one, my bre thren, of the most satisfactory proofs of the teal progress of Church extension, and I am thankful to be able to report the recent formation of the new district of AUora, under the pastoral charge of the Rev Mr Clayton ; whilst it must be gratifying to toy excellent friend, the Archdeacon of this diocese, to know that that large area which had for eo many years constituted his unwieldly pastorate, and within which he had happily been permitted to lay the foundation of so many separate congregations, is now subdivided into the several parochial districts of Drayton, Toowoomba, Warwick, Dalby, Leybum, and Allora. 'The several places at which I have held Con firmations inthecourseof the last year were Brisbane, Ipswich, Western Creek, Leyburn, Warwick, Gympie, Maryborough, Gaynda.li, Drayton, and Toowoomba, and the number admitted by that apostolic rite to the full membership of the Church was 316. ' If, my brethren, I am spared to preside over the session of 1871, it is my purpose, preparatory to the meeting of the Synod, to address a circular letter to my reverend brethren the clergy of the diocese, with a view of obtaining information upon several matters of statistical detail in connection with their parishes, which it is very desirable should be laid before the Synod ; and I am not without the hope that I may then, God willing, be able to give you some definite information with regard to the formation of a new See, to comprise the northern portion of the colony of Queensland, a considerable portion of which is at present included within the diouese of tUu Metropo litan Bishop of Sydney. 'And now. my reverend brethren and my brethren of the laity, thanking you for the patient attention with which you have listened to my address, I would 'commend you to GoJ and to the Word of His Grace, which is able to build you up and give you an inheritance among all them that are sanctified,' earnestly praying that by the blessing of the Holy Ghost the deliberations of our Synod may tend to take away from amongst us whatever is likely to hinder godly union and concord ; that ' as there is but oue body and one spirit, and one hope of our calling ; one Lord, oue Faith, one Baptism, one God and Father of us all, so we may henceforth bo all of one heart and of one soul, united iu one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith and charity, and may with one mind and one mouth glorify Thee through Jesus Christ our Lord.' ' Mr Blakknev moved, ami the Rev. J, Moselev seconded, that the thanks of the Synod lie presented to the President for hiB address, and that the same be entered on the minutes. Carried unanimously. 