A Day at the Melbourne Cattle Yards. IT is eai-ly morning-so very early, indeed, that prob ably few persons wholly \inconnected with Uve stock are moving ; but at Newmarket, though the stars are still bright, though the masts of tho ships in the bay barely pierce the mist in which their hulls are shrouded, -all the population is energetic and alert as if three and four a.m. in the morning were the most ordinary of- business hours. There are two yards, or collections of yards, in the knoll which has of late years become and been named Newmarket. In some defined relation to these " post and rail arrangements" stands every horse, dog, mau, and boy-every cow, bullook, sheep, and lamb at present doing or suffering in then- vioinity. These aro the cattle yards-and tho sheep-yards res pectively. All manner of lanes and by-roads from every point of tho compass radiate towards Newmarket as a com mon centre. From these are debouching droves of oattlo and flocks of sheep from every part of Victoria, and from many a plain and forest beyond the Murray. Thousands of fat sheep and lambs have come in by rail the night before, and aro now moving in from paddooks where they have passed the night. The Newmarket Hotel is dispensing hot coffee, and occasional bever ages of a "shorter" description, by tho gallon. "Weary men, with faces worn by hard weather and want of sleep, aro "turning in" for a short doze, or "turning out" to begin tho day's work. There ia no other sale-yard near Melbourne where sheep and cattle can be sold. ThiB particular spot seems naturally adapted for the purpose- to whroh it is devoted, and means haye been taken to render it tho most convenient, effective, and accessible stock mart in Australia. Nor is the landscapè devoid of beauty. Eastward; at a distance of three miles, lio the spires and-roofs of -Melbourne. Beyond are forests, greon-Bwarded. and devoid of undergrowth, tho blue ranges of Dandenong, and dimly ciistaut, tho Bnow peakB of tho Australian Alps. Southward, the sun lights up the bay of Wil liamstown, studded with masts and the sails of many nations. To tho westward all is plain. Prom the spot on which wo stand to where tho southern surges break against tho farms of Warrnambool and Port Fairy, 200 miles "in a bee- line," stretch tho Western Plains, rarely broken by hill or forest. Northward, tho oye, passing over many a league of park-liko country, studded with farms, and wealthy in stacks and well-filled barns, rests on tho bold outline of tho far known Mount Macedon. But while we aro pouring out our soul in.landscapes and such inutilitios, soe how tho cattle -mobs. aro moving on from every lane and by-way, and heading for tho ¡spacious receiving-yards. Yonder lot of splendid cattle have apparently como right through;the city. Surely that cannot have been the case! It is oven so. Thoy aro from Gipps Land, aud since they left tho rich meadows and forest parks of that favoured district have been undergoing a fortnight's purgatory (lot us bo mild) on tho worst road for horse and man, cattle or coachps, in Victoria. They did pas3 through tho city through tho most busy part bf it, over Prince's Bridge, and straight up Elizabeth-street-after this wise.: After leaving Dandenong thoy prowl about till night is well on. Midnight Bees them in tho suburbs. About t wo' o'clock in tho morning thoy arrive at Prince's Bridge." At that hour their drovers feel sure that not even a ghost of ordinary rospeotability is abroad. There is no shout, or cry, or crack of any whip, as with a "still and awful" demonstration the drove is "put at" tho bridge." Over they go, with a slight shrinking and mutual shouldering, as thoy espy tho gleaming river over the parapet, and before thom tho long, broad, lamplighted avenue. One or two of tho party aro of course ahead, to moderate pace and prevent a stam pede. After a weird ghostly fashion-as of a procession of shadowy beeves, attended by tho spirits.of defunct stockmen-they troop up Swanaton-street, crossing after a time to the great northern entrance to the city. Small is the number of wayfarers fortunately. Coralie, homeless and reckless, gives a half gasp of fear and glidos down a lane. Old Stagers, belated as usual, mutters " fat cattle, whosh cattle at tb'islr time night might hurt sp-pectable people, sp- peptablo people," and subsides into gateway. Policoman X'steps down "an area friendly to the force. But for those apparitions Melbourne is a city of the dead (pluB gas lamps), the highway is gained, and another mile see3 thom at Flem ington, close to tho market. From the racecourse, and over the pontoon bridge of tho Saltwater River, comes the western contingent, which hails from , the marshy flats and volcanic trap "rises " of Port Fairy. These aro nearly pure short horns, all station-bred cattle, and looking as fresh and full as if they had never left the~ well- grassed, well sheltered paddocks they were calved in. They have had truly "a good time" in. this mortal bovine existence. Grass and water have they never lacked in their livo3. They aro utterly ignorant of the nature of saltbushes and sandhills, ranges and stringy-bark trees. It is littlo more than a week since they left home, during which time they have experienced none of the ordinary hardships of the road. Small wonder that they look as if they had como straight out of their stalls in an English county^ rather than from an Aus tralian cattle run. But stay! What largo drove have we hero, number ing, perhaps, twice as many as either of the others, which the Northern or Sydney-road is delivering ? They are from the far North, evidently. Men; horses, and cattle,'have a long- travelled air. Rather wilder in their looks, very tender footed, you may notice among them' many bullocks with the long horns and enormous frames | which characterized the colonial cattle of an earlier stock ; fine cattle, but needs good country to fatten them thoroughly. Yes, truly, and what superb condition must these cattle have been in when they left their run, a thousand miles away. Aye ! stare and doubt if -you please, these cattle,- now barely inferior to tho best shown to-day, have come every step of a thousand miles- rather more than less. They come from tho Paroo or thereabouts, in close contiguity to tho Warrego and tho Bogan, aoross the Queensland border. I am not quite certain whether Beyond the rainless Barwon, Beyond tho red Barcoo ; but as the Mulligan said "down there"-a pleasant district, which may bo described as being "about a thousand miles from everywhere." How many a long night and weary day must the fellows in charge have passed since they left their desert home ! What a paradise !-what an abode of tho blest, does this. Newmarket, with the briny air from the bay and the cool green tints of the rye grass and clover paddocks, appear to their way-worn souls. Only let them got the drafting over and happiness unalloyed, inexhaustible, sots in that very moment. Heigho ! wo are bordering on tho sentimental sido of the Bpur and stockwhip, reminding us of the tune When the hardest day was nevor then too hard. . How, how many cattle have we altogether ? Lot us count-200 Gippslandera, 150 from Port Fairy, 500 from tho Paroo, 180 very nice cattle (light weightB) from the Upper Murray, just brought in by young Fitz Beanstalk-his party .consists of two native lads and a blackfellow ; some small lots of paddock cattle make up the total, which reaches 1200 head. One wonders how all these cattle aro accurately divided and placed in separate pens before two ó'clook in the afternoon on this very day, and whether mixing and confusion do not sometimes occur. Nothing of tho kind takes place. Tho receiving-yards aro largo and distinct. Long lanes, with rows of pens neatly gated, provide all requisite facilities. The whole affair is constructed with reference to the newest lights of cattle Bcience, and is massive, macadamized, well drained, and well managed. But aro not some yards and pens more advantageously situated than others ? Granted. But all this class of difficulties has been foreseen, and provided for. Tho stock agents to whom the cattle aro consigned draw lots for places before their arrival. Town drovers in their pay are dispatched to meet eaoh drove, to inform the person in charge of the exact yard and pens to which he is entitled, and to point out tho best way in. Then on arrival all goos smoothly. There is no wrangling, confusion, or injury to stock possible. Each knows his appointed place, and tho men go on with tho work of drafting uninterruptedly, having all in readiness by the appointed hour. Twelve o'clock. Long ere that hour, horse men, cabs, buggies, and traps generally are to bo seen lining the well-macadamized road, rather under three miles in length, which leads from central Melbourne. The visitors are " human warious." Shepherds and salesmen, butohers and over seers, Btookmen and cattle-dealers, squatters, with occasionally a merchant (come to see how tho stock look from that Burrabunda station in which our firm has an interest-yes, Sh- !) make up the crowd. There is much diversity of aspect and bearing among the I butoherB. Some are manifestly prosperous, some I patently seedy. Hore is a brother of tho guild in the tra ditionary blue raiment ; there a quietly dressed person, who might be a banker br a town- abiding squatter for all that appears to the contrary ; ono drives a white chapel oart with a broken down trotter ; another canters up on a cover hack, being, a pretty con stant and straighting momber of the Hunt Club. However different in garb and manner, they aro toler ably alike in the keen Boru tiny which they bestow upon tho various pens, for the markofc has beon "bare" fora week or two past, and tho "men of flesh and blood" are short of stock, and what tho salesmen call "hungry." Tho whole place is like a fair. Everyone who wants stook knows full well that at no other place can ho be so woll suited. Butohors and dealers from Ballarat, Sandhurst, and many another inland town, aie thero, knowing by oxpcriouco that they can buy moro profitably than at their own doors. 20,000 sheep and 3000 or 4000 lambs are in tho sheop-yard, principally in pens containing fifty. Hero you havo your choice of Lincolns, Leicesters, Cotswolds, and South Downs, with their crosses, from tho evergreen pastures of the west. ?'? Skipton merinos, the famed Hooks of Larra and Eicildoun aro there ropresentcd. Puro Camdens (like Hawk-oyo, without a cross) from Mount Hopo, besides large-framed wethers in thousands, from Echuca last night, from llivoriua, from beyond the Murrumbidgee, beyond tho Lachlan. Everybody's sheep aro here, from Thomas Jackson's twenty owes to Mr. M'Intyro's 3000 wethers. Shophords, long-haired and grizzly bearded, from tho inmost desorts, appoar in this quarter, strange and wondering of aspect, leading collies of inestimable value. Town drovers, also, with their dogs, brisk, alert, confident, familiar with tho soono. Wool is everywhere ; while barking and bleating soom to 'bo the only recognized dialects of tho department. Squatters and overseers aro in force round tho cattle yards. Tho former aro present to enjoy tho sensation of seeing their "top pens" runup, before their eyes, to fanoy prices. These aro chiefly of the jeunesse dorce of tho order, the seniors knowing by experience that their presence will not alter tho law of demand and supply. Tho ovorseers have mostly "como down in charge," and have a fooling which prompts thom to see the last of the animals which thoyhavo perhaps driven so . many a weary milo with a patience and tenderness hardly to bo exceeded if they had been their own transformed brothers and sisters. It is gratifying to their feelings to sit on the rails and see all this self denial bear fruit in high prices, though very galling to mirk a. vagabond butcher's boy, -wholly destitute of fine feeling, taking these cherished animals to the abattoirs at full trot, craoking his whip behind them os if they were malleo scrubbers. By previous arrangement, at 12. precisoly Mr. Flaherty mouuts tho rails, to soil tho Paroo cattle With a winning smile, a persuasivo glanco, and an air of Arcadian truthfulness which impress even the hard ened butchers, that accomplished agent commences : "Gentlemen : Before I offer the first pen of the splendid draft of cattle you see before you, allow me a few words of explanation, j" I am fully aware that boforo Buch an array of judges mere words of praise go for nothing-for loss than nothing ! But I fed that I should bo neglecting my duty did I fail to draw your attention to tho very uncommon circumstances-highly advantageous to you, as buyers-undor whioh these cattle como before you. Do not they remind you, gentlemen, of the pleasant times of tho good old' days, when wo were all younger mon, bettor ridors, and jollier fellows than wo ' aro now ? (Hero tho speaker's accent was BO benign and touching that a murmur of approbation and faint denial arose.) In those days, gentlemen, tho cattle wore larger and heavier than any that we find in these. I see you agree with me. We have all íegretted that tho immense frame and extraordinary weights which wo used to see and hear ef, were becoming things of the past. Cattle are not allowed timo to grow in these days, or to fatten properly after they have grown. I am hero to-day, gentlemen, to offer you a draught of bullocks, equal to anything that I ever recollect. Look at them. Havo we had anything hero to compare with them of late ? Talk of being fat-these cattle have been fat, and ripe for two years. And (most impressively, even solemnly) gentlemen, its all in thom now. They may appear to have fallen off a little on tho road-perhaps a little loose fat may have rubbed off. But they have been carefully, I may say wonderfully, travelled by my friend Mr. Brigalow hore. They aro as quiet as milkers ; and for the number, taking ripeness, ago, sizo, weight, and quality, I firmly believe that such a lot of cattlo novor entered tho yard ! ' What shall we say, then, for tho first pen ?" Whether Mr. Flaherty's peroration added much to tho account sales we havo no means of knowing. Probably tho pena sold nono tho worse _ for it, as from his eloquence on tho state of the market' they averaged the highly satisfactory price ot LO odd. The Gipps Land cattle como next. They aro smaller than their predecessors, but very prime, as lcvol as peas, t have fallen off but little, and that they aro *' goo'd all round" is known by previous oxporienoo to every habitue of tho yards. They pass off quickly and merrily at a price which just beats tho Paroo division, but not by much. Tho Uppor Murray cattle, which aro neat and good, but light, bring about L7 all round. Last como tho Port Fairy cattle. They aro incon testably the best in on this particular day, and a buzz of approbation and excitcmont is heard as a sales man, not much renowned for oratory, clambers up and begins " Now then, you butchers ! do yo think you know tho XYZ brand. Strikes mo you've seen it before, and paid for it too, as very Uko you will to-day. They haven't come very far, and I don't know as they've foll away much. If they havo, thoy must ha' boon quick about it, for they only left their camp yesterday week. I'm going to koop tho fancy pen till last, so give 'em a start and don't keep mo waiting." Tho fourteen pons woro not long unsold, after 'this laconic address, which was responded to with choors and laughter. "Go it, Billy;" "Well dono, old man ;" " We'll run you for Melbourne West next time there's an election," woro remarks thatjeaught tho ear tho last criticism being " Sure he'd m alco an elegant apacho only for tho murdthering cowld ho has." Now comes tho crack pen, nnd certainly thoy are regular " plums," as tho stockmen Bay. Five roans, threo reds, and two white bullocks; thoy woro "fit.to bring tho tears into your eyes," as an elderly drover declared. If they wcro not pure shorthorns, the stain of inferior blood was voiy faint and very remote. Bar tho very cream of prize cattle, thoy were a match for any British shorthorns, and tho best grasa-fcoZ cattle in li le world. " Now, boys, drivo on 1" said tho man of few words,-whose aro they going to bo? "Ten pounds-that bo hanged! eleven-twelve -thirteen ton - ten - ton-fourteen : Jones has 'om ; fourteen-fourteen. Well dono old Twist, they're your sort, ai'nt thoy ?-Fourteen ton ten-ton. Did'nt think you'd bo beat off likothat, Twist." "Fifteen," roars that apoplectic tradosman, purple with jealousy and wrath. Jones declines the pecuniary duello, and tho hammer falls. It aint suoh abad average, confesses Mr. Crab-eleven pound ten all round 1 The sales are over : 1200 ¡eattlo have passed tho hammer, and 20,000 sheep have been sold privately. In no case aro thero more than two sale days in tho week, and then only when ono day is inShffi oient to oloar off the stock. Next day accounts aro furnished and thc) cash paid over. Everything has been conducted with wonderful dispatch, and with a fairness and openness which leave nothing to be desired on the part of buyer or of seller. Everyone is satisfied that according to the state of the market the exact price current has been given and received. Each purchaser has had an opportunity of inspecting, cheaply and conveniently, the whole of the stock furnished by a vast extent of pastoral country. He has had an opportunity of purchasing at first hand, the exact quality and quantity suitable to his wants. There is no system of middlemen. The humblest butcher, if solvent, can buy his pen of sheep or cattle as independently as the owner of twenty shops. Mr. Fitz-Beanstalk is as well satisfied with his L7, as the owner of the X.Y.Z.'s, with his L11—for the same reason, he has got the fair market price. All is finished, and the necessary beer having been imbibed, cabs load up, fast trotters in buggies, emulous, take the road, which looks like a section of the return from the Derby,—and "a day at the Melbourne cattle-yards" is over. 