DIOCESAN SYNOD, . . , , $he annual session of the Synod was opened »n Tuesdaymorningat Trinity Church by the Lord Bishop. 'Service commenced at half-past 11 . clock, when ibe Holy Communion was administered, and afteraarda the Lord Bishop «f Adelaide delivered the following Pastoral Address: . fP4 <^ear Brethren-lu all history, civu oi* religions, there occur epochs- times when achange becomes apparent in the thoughts and spirit of the age. Old forms pass away, -ine grace of their fashion I'm perished.. They give place to others more suited to new ideas and aspirations. Society takes a fresh depar ture on the voyage of ilie future. " The eternal verities, however, of religion and morals remain unchanged, because un changeable ; nor are the outlines of the Church «f God, after the lapse of ages, or of the inner life of that Church, less distinct to the Chris tian's eye than when first traced by the finger of the Spirit on the page of revelation. Critics, indeed, and expositsrs; may dispute about the jots and tittles.of the manuscript; but spiritual and enlightened reason will take its stand on .the faith once delivered to the saints;' 'the form of sound words in which' it was delivered; and the apostolic institutions borne witness "to from the beginning, in all times and places; ®y the universal Church. The overthrow of Paganism and the civil establishment of Chris tianity under Constantino; the completion bv Gregory the Great of the Church system of Borne and the ascendancy of its Bishop * the Papal theocracy inaugurated by ffildebrand, the Seventh Gregory ; the freedom of Churches, and their reformation, achieved by Luther- all fonn distinct epochs in ecclesiastical history and at the present day we witness one of no less importance, viz., the epoch of 'religiousliberty and equality for all communions, and for ever? an dividual. "It concerns us, indeed, much, whether clergymen or laymen, to mark well the 'times and seasons' in which our life is cast, lest we waste our efforts in the endea vour to restore a past which cannot i»e recalled, or mould the present after the Jashion of bygone ages. A Pope may assume personal infallibility, and the autocratic episco pate of the world. He may oppose a syllabus to zbe advancing tide of modern thought; but the iraves mll still Sow onward, A wiser monarch of old exposed the folly of his courtiers by receding in time, lest he should be over .whelmed. "Om-refonned branch, then, of the Catholic Church should not be blind to the present epoch. The Church policy of Queen Elizabeth Jias come to an end. The disestablishment, accordingly, of the Irish Church has set at rest many questions which during the last 20 years Jiave perplexed the colonial Churches. AToa> at feast they are clearly seen to be unestdblished unconnected with the State, except so far as they are stall under the supremacy of law with si**?"'«wT»i ?«*» "P10 le9al>-ty slso of our Synodal compact ^ quest">ned- Now that the Irish Church is basing its organization on such an agreement, it will be coneeded that a voluntarv association, such as the Church of this diocese «an only maintain its internal discipline on the fcaas of a compact resting neither on royal pre rogative nor on imperial legislation .' Anticipating as we did in 1855 this conclu sion, this diocese had for 15 years carried on its andependent action, having first bound itself bv a constituent declaration to the closest fellow ship in doctrine, discipline, liturgy, rites and ceremonies with the Church of England. Though no part of its establishment, we are, I feust, and shall continue to be, essentially a ©ranch of the great Anglican Communion. A necessary consequence of our legal posi 4wn, as a Voluntas Independent Diocesan necessity of adopting, by our own free consent, ecclesiastical relations, which in the Mother Church are imposed by es^a5le of what I mean, I may or^r of lessons to be read fnthe dailyservice, and more especially on the jertjwfa and Lord's Day*, recorded by the Soml_ Commission. It appear to commend ithnTfte general acceptwce of the Church iSt &£ fer SSI iave been able to esaaine I «, l believe both in its emissions and insertions, as well as its arrangements of lessons for a third service on Sundays (where it is needed), to be X1^\japrnement-- Time' however, must tnthfa C°nvoc^on and Parliament concur re/orm of the Prayer-Book. It may ee well, therefore, for this Synod to pass a regu lation approving- the new Lectionaiy, and leaving sJon n1fi?P K,mjfoduce it intothe diocese sf soon as it shall have received the approval of the Queen m Council. It would be undesirable to alter the present arrangements of lessons until definite order can be substituted for it. I do not find that the Ritual Commission has made any recommendation with regard to ceremonial observances or vestments of the clergy, heading' the trial of certain clergymen ioi introducing or reviving obsolete ceremonies and ornaments, any interference with the action oi the law and its judicial authorities was felt to be a greater^ evil than patiently waitm/r for legal investigation and judicial decision. Many practices of a novel character have conssquentlv been pronounced ' illegal.' Loyal submis sion to the late thus_ declared, l-ather than paltiy ciGSiOiis of it, will, I trust, characterize those ministers of our Church at home whose emotional and imaginative dia»sltfons have led them beyond the sober simplicity of ceremonial and vesture. The 58th Canon will i perhaps be made the legal guide for this matter. Mvi Ss&E;&G;&siziisz; inended by the Bishops to the Lower House «f the Convocation of Canterbury. This step is of !^ the advanced state cnilclsP> as well as by some 1*^ ^ errors m the present translation. wfcn W, clear opinion of the learned prelates who ha\e sanctioned this movement that no WH.ateIe»5f reeeived doctrine of i ^ England will be weakened or the^lrd oflCo7i:h h°Sesty require that 5n i-1 - x shouldJ be offered to mankind in its genuine fonn and its true meaning If ihe discovery o^ancient manuscripts and deeper acquaintance with the Eastern languages shall lessen tlie_authority of certain special texts, still ^T18^ ^ersion Divine truth will be set aorth with greater certainty and precision. We need in no wise lose our time-honoured version* and if the co- operation of learned Noncon «Cre ;e?eiyed; be still the Bible of the whole English-speaking popula tion of the world. A different type would readily indicate the passages not restine on .e ii i authorities, and the new translation might be interpolated in the old withiubrackets ?or at the foot of the page. ''During the last session of Synod we con sented to establish in connection with the other Australian Dioceses, through means of a General TSimnH A -11 -i. _ m_ M 1 I \- - ---w* «. Vi UVCUiUcU causes referred to it from the Diocesan Courts Another important subject remitted at that time for consideration to a Select Committee was the mode of electing our future Bishops. J ais duty has devolved on us in consequence of our legal independence of English Establish ment. Happily, we are in no want of pre cedents to guide us in the choice of plans-we Jiave the Scotch, Irish, American Canons, as well as the practice of the Universal Church from the first. The main object of our endeavours on this subject should be to eliminate from this solemn act as far as possible the influence of momentary excitement and party passion. It i should be done assuredly 'as unto the Lord, and not unto men.' The appointment to be made i should secure the largest possible amount of .unanimity. j " The practice of the Universal Church from the beginning, and followed in the Scotch, American, and Irish branches of our Episcopal communion, has been, that the clergy should nominate one or more candidates for the office, J and that the laity should concur with them in selecting the most approved. To this practice the American Church has given its adhesion: and the plan thus deliberately adopted in a Church where lay influence is undoubtedly great, and individual opinion enjoys the fullest scope, has in its favour the weight derivable from such considerations. ( "The Irish branch of our Church, with its two thousand clergy, organizing itself as a free and voluntary association has adopted a similar arrangement. ^ "It appears also that ihe Convocation of i Canterbury has appointed a Committee to report «n this subject. Under these circumstances I ' aunk it would be wise to defer the adoption of i any plan .or this diocese until we have had the ' benefit of such enquiries. To the lfogtMi or Insh clergy recourse may probably be had in filling up this See. It is important, therefore, not to diverge more tban is absolutely necessary from the organic arrangements of our Mother Church, now partly disestablished. "Much angry feeling, indeed, and many fears have been elicited by that strong act of power which after 300 years separated the Ineh Church from the State. But that connection only identified^it with the minds of the Celtic population with, their Saxon conquerors, and furnished a plea for un ayinff hatred bad chronic rebelliousness. Re leased from this fata? prestige, at State con nection, the Irish Church will "enter, I believe, 1 upon a new career of missionary effort, and ? feeble must be the faith as well as cold the j lore which fails to bid her 'Godspeed in that holy war.' " While thus contemplating the great changes 1 which have already taken place, or are immi nent in the Church of England, whether in her revised Lectionary, or proposed revision of the authorized version of the Scriptures; or the appointment of Suffragan Bishops: or the dis establishment of the Irish Church; or in the greater elasticity given to our- Liturgy bv the permitted separation of its Services, we can . hardly fail to own the hand of Providence over i niling to good the revival set on foot among I the clergy 40 years ago, when the desire sprung ! Up-to restore n more primitive church life by daily services and closer adherence to the spirit | of the Prayer Book. Bigotry alone will deny j to these men self-denying zeal and disinte nested laboriousness in their sacred calling. That they in many cases have gone from us, or to Hie verge of error in some points of doctrine is the conviction of the great body of the clergy. But the impetus which has been given by them to pastoral earnestness is undoubted. > The old rigidity of a legal establish ment has yielded to this influx of new-born zeal, and never were the Anglican clergy animated with sincere devotedness or presided over by a more distinguished hierarchy. We may fairly expect, therefore, when the true ; interpretation of the law concerning Ritualistic j /practices is ascertained, that some authoritative directory will be issued, or the aid of Parliament invoked, to check Innovation under the plea of doubtful or disused Rubrics. Meanwhile, acting on the principle 'Let every man be fully per- ' snaked in his own mind,' may St. Paul's spirit of ' forbearance also, neither judging* nor de- I spising, nor offending one another prevail among us, being assured that whatever 'is not of God will come to nought.' "It remains for me to notice the subject of national education, which of late lias been much under discussion both here and in England. In these days an uneducated people must descend to a lower level among the nations of the earth. A good secular education, even unaccompanied by religious instruction, is surely better than rude uncultivated ignorance. The latter must be the fate of our rural and pastoral population unless the State will divert the funds now in some measure wasted on town schools to the employment of school teachers throughout the country districts. Every good school in the centres of population ought to be self-supporting, or will be supplemented by voluntary aid, if that aid be not checked by Government interference. \- iere eroPs. UP» to 311 extent surprising in this country7 distrust of the voluntary prin ciple as applied to_ education. Its efficacy, on the other hand, in regard to the supply of religious ordinances has been vaunted above measure. If by the aid of a moderate 'bonus' institutes have sprung up all over the country why not schools for the young? Why should the duty of parents and the zeal of friends and of pastors be set aside or ignored? Why with crippled finances, should Government not avail itself of the zeal and liberality of the best edu cated and best disposed members of our com munity, in orderitself.to setup adryhard system of secular schooling, with nothing in it but self interests to animate the teachers or secure the attention of the scholars? Nor can we fail to observe the arbzitary intolerance which pro poses to tax Christians for the support of schools, and deny all aid to such schools when the truths of the Christian revelation are | taught in them to Christian children. Does not this ^ look more like anti-Christian hostility to 1 God's truth than fear of sectarian proselytism? | Granting that the latter should be shut out, are ' there no means of enlisting voluntary zeal in the j cause_ of national education, while the rights of conscience are protected? Let some such scheme be tried before driving into irreconcilable ' antagonism with State schools those bodies of ' Christians who deem religious instruction an < essential part of everyday schooling. Let. for ' example- i " 1. The builders and managers of schools j decide whether any, and if any, what religious | instruction shall be given in their schools. The State in South. Australia avowedly n0 con cern in preventing any more than providing i religious teaching. I State Inspectors examine and certify j ^^fothe quality of the secular education re- i quired by the Government before any State aid | be granted. , " 3. In all State-aided schools let the hour be | fixed and time limited during which religious in struction. if any, shall be given; and let no child attend on such instruction whose parents desire its exemption. " 4. Let the Government Board of Education fix the list of secular books from which the children in State-aided schools are to be in structed. "5. Let the State require sufficient area for ! the numbers taught in every State-aided school, i "6. Let the aid available for educational dis- j {nets be proportioned to the number of children in it of the proper ages to attend school in I each, "7. Let bonuses be given in the shape of a capitation-fee for ca.ch child passed by the In spectors as properly i)istruded in secular learning. " The above scheme has been tentatively acted on during- the last 30 years in England, and is now in a fair way of becoming a truly national system. (1.) The combination of voluntary effort with State provision, and urcr&lrictcZ; action for the friends of education, whether seciLgrjst§ cr religionists. (2.) The tenderest ! regard towards both for conscientious scruples. ! (3.) Compulsory State education, jot We And destitute children whose parents neghd the 011%. 2'htse seeih to lie iJie principles on which legislation^ will ultimately be based in England. The adoption of similar views in this colony would at once quiet apprehension, satisfy the demands of religious opinion, evoke voluntary liberality, draw into the profession of teachers men deeply interested in the moral welfare of their pupils, and, finally, elevate the mental drill of secular education into the dignity and pleasantness of moral training. "Before I close this address it is necessary that I should advert briefly to the resolution 468, passed in the late Synod. To all 'Ritualistic' or ceremonial acts implying or calculated to inculcate the Roman view of the mystery of the Lord's Supper, I am, and have always _ been, opposed. While resolved to maintain the ecclesiastical !law of our Reformed Church in regard to doctrine, liturgy, holy orders, rites, ceremonies, vestures, and orna ments in our churches, I feel equally bound in conscience not to strain that law in order to narrow the comprehensiveness (liberal as it is within scriptural limits) of the Anglican Com munion. 1 have received no complaint from the wardens or members of any congregation alleging any illegal 'ceremony or ornament' used by any ^ officiating minister during the ordinary morning and evening prayer, or in the Communion sen-ice. It will be well, however, to state that by the decisions of the Court of Arches and Privy Council the following cere monies have been pronounced ' illegal * - -In the administration of Holy Communion, elevation ! the paten or cup, and genuflexion or prostra tion before the table during the Consecration Prayer. 2. During divine service any precession ?m or round the church, singing hymns or Te Deum. 3. The burning of incense generally and lighting candles, save for the purpose of giving light. 4. In regard to vestments, an appeal has been lodged with the Judicial Com mittee of the Privy Council against the judg ment of the Dean of Arches in" this matter; that judment, therefore, has no effect until such appeal is decided. "With regard to 'ornaments' or articles in use during the administration of5 or subsidiary to, divine service-other than vestments I Imo'tE of none used in this diocese which are illegal; such, for example, as a crucifixr, or cross ' with the figure of the Saviour thereon.' This, when not forming part of the architecture of the church, but VMd as part of the 'furniture of the holy table,' is 'illegal.' The Dean of Arches, how ever, expressly declares 'vases of flowers to be legal,] and floral decorations, 'not used as an i additional 'rite or ceremony.' He deems them j ' innocent and not unseemly decorations'-like the 'branches of bolly' at Christmas, and ! 'willow blossoms'on Palm Sunday- very gene rally used from old time in our village and ? other churches. " After_ all, brethren, religion, does 71ot consist in. these things, ' but in righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost;' and I would record my solemn protest against those troublers of our churches' peace, who, through the laxity of the Statute Law, have wilfully revived (against the advice of their Bishops) obsolete Romanizing ceremonial in our divine services. " I would also affectionately urge my rev, brethren to take heed to the ' weightier matters of the law.' At a time when an un scrupulous critieism assails the text and inspi ration of the canonical Scriptures, when a rationalistic matenalism makes a mock of all . supernatural manifestations' of God to man, rites and ceremonies and decorations are not the; weapons which are ' mighty through God to the pulling down the strongholds of error.' Conviction is the true origin of effectual per sonal religion; and. they who, instead of rea soning like Paul on 'righteousness, temperance, and judgment to come,' address themselves to thesensuons and imaginative part of the human soul, may captivate, indeed, a crowd of wor shippers, but without promoting the true ' worship of God in spirit and truth.' "It makes little difference whether the appeal be made by a gorgeous ceremonial or by the powerful voice and exciting action of .some revivalist preacher. How different are these methods fjram the powerful reasoning and fer vent appeals of -St.' Paul, addressed to "the reason and consciences of men. The embellish ments of religion may suit the cravings of an. opulent and luxurious age, which. ! is ever trying to harmonize the worship of God with the service of mammon. But the love of pleasure, lust of the eye, and pride of life mingle with zeal for the outward form. Let it be your endeavour, reverend^ brethren, rather to build up in your people simple but effectual faith, combined with hope and charity; that faith, which of old was content to worship in the 'house,' or ' caves of the earth,' before the light -of day, or in the darkness, of 'the catacombs.' Then was a pattern of sublime virtue given to the world in all the varied relations of life-masters and slaves, children and parents, wives and husbands. _ Are see better Christians than they with, all our varied modes of religious worship ? Let us give, if we will, of our best to God's service the noblest buildings, the,choicest ornaments, the most comely order of divine serviced but let us never lose sight of those great Christian verities-' Except a man be born from above, he ^ cannot see the kingdom of God, and if we live in the Spirit let us also walk in the Spirit.' When, however, I look back to our last meeting of Synod and remember the freedom at once, and faithfulness, the for bearance, the candour, and the charity which then on the whole characterized our discussions, I do believe that that assembly was not left without the guidance of the Spirit of God. I fervently pray and hope that a like spirit will govern our present assembly. If there are questions to be sifted or doubts removed, be persuaded that an honest, loving regard for God's truth is perfectly compatible with gentle ness, impartiality, and sincerity. Let us, then, seek the things which make for peace, not by insincere compromise, but by the wisdom which is from above- first pure and then, peaceable; easy to be entreated, because always endea vouring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace, as well as righteousness of life." BUSINESS MEETING. The Synod met for the dispatch of the annual business at the Church Office, Leigh-street, on Tuesday afternoon, May 17. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide took the chair at 3 o'clock. ELECTION COMMITTEE'S REPORT. Mr. F. WlCKSTEED, Secretary, read the i-eport of the Election Committee, as fellows : " The Election Committee placed on the table a Synodal roll certified as correct. "Although the returns from the following Churches are somewhat irregular, none of them having been made within seven days of election, they recommend that the names of the Synods men shall remain on the roll on this occasion Holy Trinity, Adelaide; All Saints, Hindmarsh; St. Margaret's, Woodville; St. Peter's, Glenelg; St. James's, Blakiston; St. Thomas's, Bal hannah ; St. Jude's, Port Elliot. " They cannot, however, recommend the same course with regard to Christchurch, Mount Gambler; _ the election of Synodsmen of this Church being altogether irregular, having been made by the clergyman, and not by the congregation. " They have to report that the congregations of St. Barnabas, Clare ; Immanuel, Chinkford ; and All Saints, Moonta, have elected Synods men ; but these Churches not being in union with Synod, the gentlemen elected have not received summonses. The Secretary has written, pointing out the necessary steps to be taken to place them in union. " R. B. COLLET, Chairman." Mr. COLLEY moved that the report be received, and the recommendations therein be adopted. Mr. C. B. Young seconded. The SECRETARY, in reply to Mr. BABBAGE, said St. Jude's Church was not entitled to any Synodsman. His LOBDSHIP hoped no irregularity would take place in future. The motion was put and carried. His LORDSHIP announced that he had appointed the Rev. S. Green Clerical Secretary, aud Mr. C. B. Young Lay Secretary, for the purposes of the Synod. STXODAL BOLL. The roll was called over, and the usual decla ration signed. The list of those present was as follows:-Holy Trinity. Adelaide-Rev. Richard son Reid, Rev. W. W. Ewbank, Messrs. H. D. Holmes, S. Toms, W. A. Cawthorne; Christ church, North Adelaide-Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, Messrs. W. W. Blyth, James Bath, J. S. Bellhouse, R. E. Minchin; St. Luke's, Adelaide-Rev. F. "VV. Marechal, Messrs. W. Shakespeare, W. Bishop ; St. Paul's, Adelaide The "Very Rev. the Dean, Rev. H. J. Poole, Messrs. W. J. Fullarton, J. Morgan, and F. G. Smith; St. Paul's, Port Adelaide Rev. S. Green, Dr. Duncan, A. J. Edmunds; St. John's, Adelaide- Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Messrs. W. S. Moore, J. Pritchard, J. E. Clinch: St. Bartholomew's, Norwood-Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Mr. James Gray; All Saints, ; Hindmarsh-Rev. H. M. Pollitt, Dr. Forster; j St. Margaret's, Woodville-Rev. H. M. Pollitt, Mr. Wm. Sykes; St. Andrew's, Walkerville Rev. Canon Dove, Messrs. C. B. Young, J. W. Bull; St. Matthew's, Kensington-Rev. E. Jenkins, Messrs. J. Howell, E. W. Meredith; St. George's, Wooaforde-Rev. T. R. Neville; St. Michael's, Mitcham-Rev. Henry Read, Messrs. N. Oldham, L. W. Thrupp; St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond - Messrs. J. H. Wiles, W. Pound; St. Mary's, South road-Rev. A. Honner, Mr. F. Burton; Christchurclij Q^iJaJioran JJjU - Rev. Hofilier, it*. Frederic Wicksteed; Sf. Titer's, Glenelg-Messrs. R. B. Colley, N, Blytli J St. Stephen's, Wilhinga-Rev. E. K. Miller; St. Philip and St. James's, Noarlunga-Rev. E. K. Miller; St. James's, Blakiston-Dr. Weld; Christchurch, Mount Barker-Mr. F. C. Smith ; St. George's, "Gawler-Rev. Canon Coombs; Christchtireh. lvapunda-Rev. T. J. Smyth, Mr. Jame'g "Kuggins; St. Jude's, Port Elliot Mr. Hodry Field; St. John's, Mount Pleasant Rev, W. A. Clayfield, Mr. J. Bennett, sen.; Christchurch, YankaliUa-Rev. C. W. Morse, Messrs. J. Heathcote, H. Dutton; St. Barnabas, Clare-Rev. J. A. Boake; St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln-Sir. G. W. Hawkes; St. John's, Salis bury-Rev. W. Scott; Strathalbyn Mission Rev. C. G. Taplin; Holy Trinity, Lyndoch-Rev. R. B. Webb; St. Peter's Collegiate School Rev. Canon Fan-. Apologies were made for the absence of the Revs. E. T. Howell, H. Howitt, and J. L. Smith, and Sir J. H. Fis' er. STATE OF THE DIOCESE. His LORDSHIP read his report of the state of the Diocese as follows: " During the past twelve months the diocese has had again to mourn the loss of clergymen deservedly held in the highest esteem aud affec tion. The death of Dean Farrell, followed after no long interval by the sudden removal of Archdeacon Twopenv, disappointed at once our affectionate hope, aud left us stunned by the additional sorrow of the later bereavement. In the one case it seemed as if the father of the Diocese was taken from us; one who had helped to lay the foundations of our Church, and had watched over every stone added to the spiritual building; the other known far and wide, and esteemed wherever known, as the indefatigable missionary, the faithful pastor, the kind spiritual adviser, the well-learned theologian, the liberal minded Churchman, the refined gentleman, the agreeable companion. It is the privilege of our Church to number many men of such varied accomplishments in the ranks of the clergy; and it is pleasing to find that his many claims to personal esteem and influence were veiy generally recognised through out the colony. Summoned in a moment from earthly cares and occupations, we may confidently hope that his spirit was reeeived with acceptance by the Master whom it was his delight to serve. Four congregations-Riverton, Auburn, Chinkford, and Belvidere-were at once bereaved.of the pastor whom they loved. Amid their lamentation and tears his honoured remains were consigned to the cemetery at Riverton, and it remained for myself and clerical brethren, by our personal sympathy and ministerial labours, to lessen their sense of desolation. I thank my brethren for their ready co-operation in this labour of love. Three of those churches- Riverton, Chinkford, and Belvidere-have since been supplied by the Rev. James Houghton, under whose care the district, I doubt not, will prosper, and the spiritual wants of the growing town of Saddleworth be partially supplied. The church at Auburn yet remains to be filled up, and with its populous agricultural neighbourhood will, I trust, become the centre of a distinct parochial and mis sionary cure. "In addition to the deaths above recorded, the clergy of the Diocese have been diminished in number by the departure to England of the Revs. T. Field and J. Pollitt. After the com pletion of their visit it is the intention of both, as far as I am informed,9 to rejoin us. The return of the Rev. A. Russell and his ap pointment as successor to Dean Farrell was very welcome. His well-known energy and laborious ness reassured our spirits, and enabled me hope fully to renew my endeavours to recruit the number of the clergy. Messrs. Taplin and Marechal were duly ordained deacons, and are serving efficiently, one in the District of the Meadows, the other at St Luke's. The Rev. H. J. Poole, M.A., has been licensed as assistant curate to the Dean at St. Paul's; and I am in hopes of securing ere long the-additional ser vices of two more experienced clergymen for Auburn andfor theNorthern Mission, crippled bo long by the effects of the disastrous drought and diminished numbers of our clergy. The-aspect of the times, indeed, has not been snchas to place beyond apprehension tlie competent suste nance of thethirty-eight who ace now attached to the Diocese. ' With that numberof settled parish curates and two missionary itinerant, clergymen, I think sufficient provision would be at present made for the scatteredmembersof our Church. But it- is a matter of unceasing anxiety, in these days especially, how to gather together a large body of approved men for the work of the ministry, 'giving no offence in anything, that it be not blamed.' Meanwhile, I must claim the patience, forbearance, and steadfastness of lay ^ Churchmen 'notto forsake the assembling of themselves together,' but rather to pray for, me and for themselves 'that the Lord of the harvest will 'send forth more labourers into His harvest.' Time and deliberation are essential for due selection, and these, conditions can only be secured by the appointment of sober-minded men as lay readers, who .shall carry on the ser vices in the Church, so far as reading the Liturgy and approved sermons are concerned. Congregations temporarily are thus held to gether, funds provided to meet any casual debt, or for the improvement of the chureh and its appurtenances. I have to thank many gentle men for their kind and efficient aid in this office. " New churches have been opened at Port Victor and Unley, both dedicated under the ! name of St. Augustine. At the Meadows, St. George's is fast approaching completion, a hand some edifice of cut stone. At Strathalbyn the foundations of a church were laid by Lady Edith Fergusson. At Eden Valley and Mount Lofty regular services are held by approved lay readers; and steps have been taken to raise small churches at Myponga and Glenburn. Kangaroo Island has been visited, and services held at Kingscote, Hog Bay, and Cygnet River. This long-neglected part of the colony has thus been brought within the occasional Teach' of religious ordinances by the Rev. C. Morse. " Under the circumstances in which the Diocese was placed by deaths and absences, of clergy, my own- mission tours have been more frequent and extended than usual. Three times during the last seven months I have visited the Riverton District and Auburn; once the three churches on Yorke's Peninsula; and also Port Wakefield. Since then, Goolwa, Port Elliot, Victor Harbour, Strathalbyn, Meadows, Macclesfield, and Echunga, Mount Pleasant, Mount Torrens and Woodside, Robe Town, Mount Gambier, and Penola. In all these places I have found much encouragement, and feel persuaded that with a settled and com pclenlhi-susiained. ministry, a very real work of edification would go on among the members of the Church of England. " Tbe important subjects of the incor poration of Synod will be brought under your attention, the fixing boundaries of parishes, and the election of future Bishops. I think it due to tbe Rev. W. Clayfield to bear special testimony to the careful way in which his numerous candidates for confirmation seem to have been prepared for that solemn rite. Forty-nine young people, evidently much impressed with the responsibility of the step they were about to take, testified to the spiritual labour of the pastor by whom tbey were prepared, and that under the tin favourable circumstance of scattered and dis tant dwellings. The congregations also in all these cases were good, and all things pertaining to the Church in comely order. "Vacant cures still occupy my attention Robe Town, Auburn, and Melrose. The Rev. F. Slaney Poole has succeeded Mr. J. Houghton at MacDonnell Bay, Penola, and the school at Mount Gambier. He carried with him the regrets of his congregation; but I believe in his present position he mil find a larger sphere of usefulness. I also entertain a good hope that before long I shall be enabled to fill satisfactorily the cures of Robe and Auburn. "Having drawn up a series of questions in order to arrive at a full knowledge of parochial matters, and to put the rural clergy in the way of organizing their people in parochial associations for their good, I am much disappointed in the great delay shown in making these returns to the Secretary of Synod. There is also an irregularity in making the returns of the election of Synods men within the proper time. This alone might vitiatej any proceedings taken under the Dis ciplinary Regulations of the Synodal Compact. " Nor is such neglect in liarmony with the spirit and letter of that compact. I, as Bishop, require the aid of the clergy in providing for the spiritual well-being of the members of our Church. The Synod lends its aid-monetary and other-to them for the purpose; but unless the clergy observe and enforce the Regu lations, and proceedings subsidiary to them, they in fact break their solemn promise; and not only so, but they forfeit their claim to the advantages which accrue to them from the Synod. I trust this notice will be sufficient, and that it will not become hereafter necessary to withhold monetary grants from those parishes which fail to make their returns in due time. I will now conclude by begging you to join with me in the prayer that during the ensuing year the congregations of our Church may have rest and, ' walking in the fear of the Lord and in the eemfert of the Holy Ghost, may be multiplied/ ANIiCAL BEPORT. The Skcretaky read the following annual eport of the Standing Committee: " The Standing Committee beg leave to submit to the Synod their annual report of the different matters referred to them by the last, Synod, and those which have occupied their attention during the past year. They also pro duce a statement of accounts, duly audited. "1. Synodal Expenses.-They are happy to l?e fbJe to report that tbe amount received during the past year has been equal to the ex penditure. It must, however, be remembered that a portion of this has been provided for by the sale of furniture-a source of income which ! cannot be expected for the future. On the other I hand, they expect that the printing and sta- j tionery accounts will be very much less in the ? ensuing year. They therefore recommend that | the assessment for this year be the same as last, j All the churchcs where regular service has been 1 conducted have paid the amount at-which they J were rated. " 2. Endowment.-In compliance with autho rity received (see minute 415), they consulted with the Attorneys of the S.P.G. and the Board of Directors of the Church of England Endow ment Society, and arranged that the Attorneys should contribute .£100, and that £100 standi: .g to the credit of the St. Asaph Fund should be voted to "supplement a vote of £800 by the Church of England Endowment Society "o endow during the year three churches at £50 per annum, and to increase one from £40 to £50. "They regret, however, to say that only one Church has availed itself of the opportunity ! (St. Mary's, Kooringa). They believe, however, j that the amount necessary to raise the endow- ! ment to £50 per annum will be collected by St. | George's, Woodforde, on the return of the j Incumbent, who is at present absent in Tasmania j for the purpose of recruiting his health. They j regret to state that the Endowment Trustees j report that a considerable sum remains on hand j uninvested; and the comparatively low rale of i interest received renders the demand on the j Attorneys of the S.P.G., in fulfilment of their j guarantee, very heavy. " The Trustees have, however, by the libe rality of the Attorneys of the S.P.G. been enabled to pay 8 per cent, to those Churches which have been more than 10 years endowed, although the income can only be reckoned as 6g per cent., and that subject to deductions. In connection with this subject, the Committee f.liinl- it desirable that it should be known that previous to any Chureh being endowed it is necessary that the title and trust- deed should be 'in a satisfactory state. "3. Students in Theology.-They have to report that the Attorneys of the S.P.G. have placed at the Bishop's disposal the sum of £100 for the year 1S70, to be expended in contributing to the maintenance of students in theology. "4. Schedule C.-The Committee have to recommend that the following Churches be placed in Schedule C, and that they receive no further aid from Synod after June 30, 1871, except in the shape of assistance towards endow ment:-St. Matthew's, Kensington; Christ church, Kapunda; St. James's, Blakiston. "5. The Ministrations Committee's Report. Hie Standing Committee have not been in a position to give effect to the recommendations of this report. " 6. Missionary Clergymen.-They are happy to be able to inform the Synod that, through the liberality of the late Mr. Thorngate, the Bishop has' been put in possession of an income of £100 per annum, and that the Attorneys of the S.PiG have also placed at Ms disposal the sum of £200 for the year 1870, for home missionary purposes. ' " The following progress report of the Misssionary Committee was adopted on the 6th July, 1869 " ' 1st. That the districts in Schedule Y be recognised as missionary districts, each needing a missionary clergyman. ?« < 2nd. That the districts in Schedule Z be recognised as missionary districts, each attached to the nearest clergyman able to undertake the chaige. '?'3rd. That when a missionary district in Schedule Y is desirous of obtaining the services of a missionary clergyman, and is willing to contribute for that'jjurpose towards bis stipend, assistance may be given to any; extent not ex ceeding two-thirds of his stipend proposed, and subject to rearrangement at the end of three years. | "'4th. That clergymen who have one of the districts inSchedule Zattaebed-fco their eure^ and .which they regularly visit, should receive £a forage allowance not exceeding £30, per annum. I "'5th. That a sum not exceeding ,£3.3s. per j veek, or £2 2s. per.-week if travelling expenses j are allowed, should be paid to any clergyman Appointed by the Bishop to take occasional mis-' sionaiy duties; ' . : ; *"6th: That the Attorneys ofthe S.P.G. be requested to make such provision as they can for enabling the above scheme to be carried out under the direction of the Bishop. . "' Schedule Y,-1. Melrose, Port Augusta, and the Blinman. 2. Lake Hamilton, Streaky Bay, and West Coast. 3. Banks of the Murray, Wellington, and the Lakes. ? "'Schedule Z.-1. Kangaroo Island; 2. Namicoorte and Penola; 3. Yoifce's Peninsula; 4\. MacDonnell Bay; 5. Myponga; 6. Port Wakefield; 7. Hoyle's Plains. " * G. H. FARE, Convener.' " 7. Election of Bishops and General Synod Committee.-This Committee have1 sent in' a report to Synod, recommending the mode of procedure in case of a vacancy occurring in the See, which will accompany this report. " 8. Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund.-They are happy to be able to state that the Guarantee Fund, calculated by the Actuary at £1,000, now amounts to £1,102 8s. 6d., and probably a few more pounds may be collected; and that the amount received from the annual collections in churches, estimated to produce £500, is £558 0s. 6d., with some further' sums to' come in. There are now five recipients of annuities of £30 .each, one of "which will cease in about four years, as the orphan receiving it is upwards ef 14 years of age. On June 30 next this fund will have been established five years. ' It will then be . the duty of the Standing Committee to prepare .a special report of the state and prospects of the ; fund, with a view to regulate the amount of the j annuitict for the next period of five years, i They are happy to say that the whole of the i funds (£2,400) are invested at a satisfactory rate of interest, with the exception of £120 recently received, now in the Savings Bank, which bears an interest probably of 5 per cent., which is the rate of interest calculated by the Actuary on the whole amount of capital. "They think that the thanks of the Synod are due to the Trustees, the Investment Com mittee, the Auditors, and especially the Secre tary, for their gratuitous services for the last five years, by which means a considerable outlay has been saved. In future some additional ex penditure will probably be necessary in pro viding for some of these services, and the rate of interest on investment hitherto received cannot possibly be expected to be maintained. " The balance-sheet of the fund to the 30th June, 1SG9, was published with the last report, and a progress account accompanies the present document. "9. Parish Boundaries.-Serious difficulties having arisen in defining these boundaries, they recommend that a discussion take place in Synod on the subject. " 10. Incorporation of Synod.-The Standing Committee recommend that immediate steps be token to incorporate Synod for the purpose of relieving various Trustees of their trusts and facilitating the general work of the Church. "13. General Church and Home Mission. The Committee regret that during the past year this fund has fallen off to the extent of upwards of £50 from the amount received the previous year {£119 4s., against£170 9s. 5d.) This is a matter of very serious importance, as the diffi culty of supplementing the stipends of clergy at the present reduced rate of 75 per cent, of the scale will be much increased, and the rate will probably have again to be reduced to 50 per cent, in June next for the half-year then expiring. It is much to be desired that the contributions to this fund should be -increased, as in times of depression there is the greatest difficulty in maintaining the ordinances of the Church in the agricultural districts. '. Schedule A.-The following churches have been added to Schedule A. during the past year: -Christchurch, Yankalilla; St. John's, Auburn; Holy Evangelists, Goolwa; St. Augustine's, j Port Victor. j "12. Theological and Ecclesiastical Library. -The Committee have received the following minute from the Attorneys of the S.P.G.:-fIt was resolved that the £40 remitted to Mr. Marry at, of London, be given to bind the books presented by the University of Oxford, on the distinct understanding, however, that such books are accessible at all times to any clergy man in the diocese holding the Bishop's licence.' "The Attorneys have also contracted for suitable bookcases for the safe custody of these volumes. " 13. The Synodal Compact, embracing the rules and regulations as modified and revised, has been engrossed, and is ready for signature by the members of Synod. " 14. Statistical Returns.-Your Committee regret to find that the greatest negligence occurs in sending in the statistical returns asked for by tte Bishop. No less than 20 out of 67 Churches have failed to send in the returns on the 3rd May. although they were requested to be sent in on or before the 20t.h April. The Committee cannot but consider this as a disregard of the wishes of the Bishop, which ought not to be apparent in any portion of the diocese. "15. Certificates of Election of Synodsmen. -The Committee also regret to find that there has been great irregularity in making the requisite returns of the election of Synodsmen at the Easter Vestries. They direct the par ticular attention of Synod to clause f) of Regula tions not Fundamental, and would point out the great difiieultiesthat might arise from any doubt or dispute as to the validity of the election of members of Synod. "Pi. B. COLLET, Chan-man. Itfay 3. 3S70." KCOXESIASTICAL LIBRARY. The SECRETARY read the Committee's report, as under : "The Committee have to report that the books collected by Dean Russell in England, and those granted by the University of Oxford (alluded to in their last report), have safely arrived in the colony. As soon as the bookcase wlach has been ordered by the Attorneys of the j S.P. G. is erected they will be properly cata- j logued and put into circulation. These books, j added to those of the Bray Library, form a very ; valuable collection of standard theological j works, and will enable the Committee to devote | the greater part of their funds to the purchase j of new and modern divinity. "The Committee would express their thanks to the Attorneys of the S.P.G. for their libe rality in granting the sum of £40 for the binding of the books given by the University of Oxford, as well as for the use of the Church Office and j bookcase. _ ! "They would also call the attention of Synod j to the condition on which the above-mentioned j grant of £40 was given by the Attorneys-viz., j that such books are accessible at all times to any clergyman in the Diocese holding the Bishop's j licence. (See report of Standing Committee, j paragraph 12.) " In conclusion, the Committee would express a hope that the work of forming a good theolo gical and ecclesiastical library, which has thus been successfully commenced, will meet with cordial and continued support of both the clergy and laity af the diocese. CHAKLES Marrvat, Chairmau." MELA5ESIAN MISSION". The SECRETARY read the Committee's report on this mission as follows: "The. Committee have to report to the Lord Bishop of Adelaide the following facts: "1. That the amount transmitted from this diocese during the past year to the Right Rev. Bishop Patteson is £200. j " 2. That meetings in aid of the mission have | been held hi several parishes; but that the operations of the Association during the past year have been much obstructed by the distress prevailing throughout the colony in consequence of the deficient harvest of last season and the general commercial depression. "That, however, the call for exertion in behalf of the mission is more urgent than ever. The Committee heard with great regret that the missionary schooner the Southern Cross has been compelled to put into harbour for extensive repairs. On a survey it has been ascertained that dry rot has appeared and spread to an alarming extent through the timbers of the schooner, rendering a great additional expendi ture immediately necessary. With reference to this necessity. Bishop Patteson's Secretary says: -' It is earnestly to be hoped that the contri butions throughout Australia and New Zealand this year will be liberal. A prompt transmission of any sums in the hands of the Treasurers will also be desirable, as the repairs have to be paid for almost immediately, and the funds in hand are barely sufficient to carry on with.1 The Committee trust that this appeal may be met by special donations. Without a seaworthy sob" oner the Bishop can do no good work in the islands. " Finally, the Committee desire to represent to the Church generally that, while local claims are urgent, it might yet be possible, without prejudice to these claims, to do all that is neeiaful for the Melanesion Mission if the work of collecting for it were begun early in the year, instead of being left to the last moment; and there seems some need for insisting on the faet that a genuine concern for such labours of Christianity , as lie far out of our sight may not only afford, a new and very blessed illustration f of the life of faith, but react most healthfully on those good works which. our clergy, and laity are trying to maintain. The more we deny ourselves for the purpose of gathering in the scattered sheep of. Christ's flock we shall, be the - more fulfilling the-veiy mind of oar Lord, and the more clearly treadingin His,footsteps. . " We append a reportwhieh has beenre-4 ceived from the HelanesianMiEsion. ; . : "A BUSSEIX, Secretary.". . . ELECTION OF FtrroBE BISHOPS. ' lie Committee's report was r road aa under: > ''The Committee, having considered the question of the election of future Bishops iof this Diocese, which matter was referred to -them in Minute 541 (1869), propose the following regu- | lationai. ' . "L That on the occurrence of a vacancy in the office of Bishop, the Dean, (win his absence the senior member of the Chapter, shall assemble "with all convenient epeed the Standing .Com mittee, who, voting by orders, shall draw up a list of persons eligible for the office, or shall suggest that the election of the Bishop pro hoc vice shall be delegated to some person, persons, or body. "2. That a call of Synod having been made, the votes, which shall be by ballot, shall be taken by orders. "3. That an absolute majority of the whole Synod, composed of a majority of clergymen entitled to vote, and of a majority of the Synodsmen, shall determine the election or the course to be pursued. " 4. That the voting shall be repeated, until such absolute majority shall be obtained, pro vided that if no conclusion in the voting is arrived at within three months, the election of the Bishop shall lapse pro kae vice to the Metro politan. " 5. That the voting shall be in person, and no proxies allowed. '* 6. That after any ballot in which the re quired majority shall not be obtained, zt shall be open to any member of Synod to make a nomination or to propose a course of procedure other than that upon which the ballot was last taken. "7. That the Chairman shall report the result of the election to the Metropolitan. " 8. That the election, having been duly made by the Synod, should be confirmed by the Bishops of the Province of Australia, as laid down in Report No. 2, in the Appointment of Bishops, p. 423 of the Annual Report of Synod, "CHAS. MARRTAT, Convener." 