GHOSTS, PAST AND PRESENT. We shall appreciate more thoroughly the vast difference which has grown up between the genuine old ghost and the* shadowy phantom to which he has now dwindled down, if we consider the means which were commonly adopted to get rid of each of them when the supernatural presence became insufferable. The average ghost of later times is a wick$d soul that has escaped from its place of punishment, and has come back to trouble the living .with merely spiritual terror; and he is encountered with the wea pons of the exorcist, who raises about him a devotional and uncongenial atmosphere, from which the enl being is glad to retreat even to his penal tires. A very different line of conduct was adopted towards the ghosts of old. He was of the earth earthy, and so strictly local a personage, that it was as much the .recognised landlord to see that a tenement was free from ghosts as that it was I wind and water-tight. " There is a ghost about the premises," said a farmer to his landlord, one morning in the year of grace 1010; " he has killed a good many of my cattle, and one or two men ; and folks think he will be the rain of the whole country side ; if I cannot get something done for me, I must throw up the farm." When the landlord heard this, says the old sagaman. he did not i see his way out of the difficulty. If he was j unequal to the task; the obligation devolved upon the lord of the manor, as the lawful authority who was responsible for the orderly state of the country. The way in which he j proceeded to abate the nuisance varied with ; the habits and temper of the intruder. In I the case of a tolerably reasonable ghost, the ; representative of public order would ex postulate, pointing out the illegality of his conduct in coming out of his grave every night with a crew of dead men, and establish ing himself before the fire in a house in which be has only a life-interest which had now determined ; and the ghost has been known to rejoin, " Well, we will go. I thought all along we had no business here an amount of law-r.bidingness which was not invariably displayed by the living Northman. But if, as usually happened, arguments were thrown away, somebody was obliged to undertake the most dangerous business of putting him out bodily, like any other trespasser ; and the old sea rovers were fond of boasting to their juniors of the spectres which in their young days they had brought to book. But if after .such a forcible ejection he would not be quiet in his grave, but prowled round the homestead, threw the shepherd over a cliff on a frosty evening, or on winter nights made such ghostly sounds outside ths house as drove men mad, the family would at last make up their minds to lay him for once and for ever. Now, he could exist so long only as those objects were still in being in which he took delight; if these, therefore, came to an end, he perished with them. Thus nobler ghosts live on while their family flourishes, and bewail its impending ruin as tlu-ir own extinction. If the departed have been vio lently attached to some piece of property, let the treasure be destroyed and the spectre will be seen no more. If the dead man has been a base and degraded being, let his body be dug up and burnt to ashes, and the ghost shall never trouble any one again. But some spectres there are which never can be effect ually laid. If a man has been deeply skilled in forbidden arts, which lie has exercised only to the injury of his fellow-creatures if he can chant a song which drives his enemy to sleeplessness, to madness, or to death, or if his evil eye can burn up the gr'ass -the ghost of such a one will not perish with the body; for what the living man most loved is mischief; and although his corpse may be burnt or buried in a pathless moor, or deep below the sea, " some wicked spirit still pervades the spot," and makes the neigh j bouruood terrible for ever. -Fraser's Alaga zine. 