gutstm IJmrs. BY THE AUTHOR OF "GEORGE GEITH OF FEN COUfiT." Hie eiclmlre riftat of pnblUliinc "Austin PrUn" to Anitnlla tus tma pnsbuM by the Proprietor* of the Adelaide Otmvu. CHAPTER XVL JJT A CLEFT STICK. For once in bis life Austin Friars decided that it would be better to tell the troth indeed, lie spoke it almost in voluntarily. j " I owed Mrs. Friars some money," he said, " and as it tos not convenient for me to pay in cash, Mr. Boss drew upon me and got the bill discounted for her." "Hot convenient for you to pay two hundred and fifty pounds ?" commented Mr. Monteith. "Certainly not before my marriage," Austin answered desperately. " I made | no secret of the fact that I was short of money," he went on, vindicating liinwlf from the possibility of a charge which Mr. Monteith had not yet uttered. .'You were perfectly well aware that, owing to many causes, I was much pressed just about that time, and " " And since that time, Sir ?" Mr. Monteith interrupted. "Matters have been different," was the cool rejoinder. " Then how came this bill to be renewed instead of paid ?" enquired the merchant. "I can give you no answer to that question," Austin answered, " unless this that it seemed easier to renew than to pay, and that it made no earthly difference to Mr. Ross, who is really first in command at Scott's-yard. I did not care to take money out of your business to pay a debt contracted before my marriage; and Mr. Boss has been in the habit of sending me up I)ills which he got discounted, and out of the proceeds of which he provided for those that were coming due." "Bills! tnen there are more than one?" remarked Mr. Monteith. " Yes, two," answered Austin. " And no morel" " No more, I believe," was the reply; "but Mr. HOES has drawn them for such amounts as suited his own convenience, so that I really cannot exactly tell.1' " What was the total amount of your indebtedness f " enquired Mr. Monteith. "Over five hundred," Austin answered. " I have a memorandum of the matter some where, which I can let you have." " You are very kind," Mr. Monteith said dryly. " And now, having settled that part of the business, how came you to let your bill be dishonoured?" " I forgot all about it," the other replied, with charming frankness. "Mr. Boss has so invariably arranged the whole matter, that I have learnt to depend upon him. He is so thorough a man of business " "And you are not, is that it?"_finished Mr. Monteith. " I have so many other rungs to attend to." "What other things ? You attend to very little connected with the business of the Jirm," said the old man angrily. "Doyou not think we had better drop the subject till to-morrow ?" suggested Mr. Friars. " You imagine f am out of temper now, and that I shall look upon this matter differently after reflection," observed his father-in-law ; " whereas the probability is, the more I consider the fact of your acceptance having been dishonoured, the worse I shall like it. And there are a great many things which I do not like either not at all. I am net satisfied-I have not felt satisfied for a long time past." "Then this unhappy bill is merely a convenient peg on which you purpose hanging a general condemnation of me and any proceedings," Austin remarked. "If I had known that, I might have saved myself the unnecessary trouble of entering into any explanation with regard to it." "Do you intend your observation as a sneer?" enquired Mr. Monteith. " No, as r. mere statement of fact; and again I venture to repeat-though with all due deference, of course, to your opinion that I think we had better defer further discussion till to-morrow. To-day you are annoyed, and justly, I admit. After reflection you will perhaps remember the subject lias two sides, aud that it is at least quite possible the return of my accept ance may have been a matter of the purest accident." "But it cannot be an accident that your bankers should return a bill with N.S. marked on it. Had you been a little struggling tradesman, with a usual balance of about three-pence three-farthings, the thing might have been intelligible ; but for Messrs. Glyn Mills to allow an acceptance of my son-in-law's to be dishonoured, is to me inexplicable." "i suspect, Sir, that to Messrs. Glyn Mills the son-in-law of Alexander Monteith is of just about as much importance as the son-in-law of anybody else-namely, none. Of course I think myself that they might Lave saved my credit; but as I intend moving my account, it is a matter of very secondary importance how little they have considered me or my interests." "I think I shall go round and speak to them about it," observed Mr. Monteith reflectively. " Considering it is I who bank with them, and that it was my acceptance they permitted to be dishonoured, it would surely IKS better for me to go," said Austin a little flurried. "Perhaps it might," Mr. Monteith agreed. "Will you walk roundtherc now?" And as Austin eagerly assented to this proposal, only too thankful for any pretext of terminating the interview, the merchant looked at him with anxious eyes, and a dreadful doubt aud suspicion gathered about his heart. "If he be really false and a liar," considered Mr. Monteith, who was honour itself even in the minutest trifles, and whose word was quite as reliable as many a man's oath, " God help Mary! God help us both !" He thought this almost aloud, while Austin, drawing on liis gloves, was crossing the room ; and whenever the door closed, as a commentary perhaps upon the conver sation, Mr. Monteith pulled a memorandum form towards him and wrote upon it "Plense favour me with dates and amounts of all bills which maybe coming due, drawn by yourself and accepted by Mr. Friars." This he folded, placed in an envelope, and directed to "Luke lloss, Esq., 0, Scott's yard." Luke was in his office when Mr. Monteitli's messenger arrived, ami directly he read the note came to the conclusion that something had hapjjened-that something must ba wrong. The thing looked straightforward enough, but Luke was of much too cautious a nature to be caught by even the straightforwardness of Mr. Monteith's impulsive memorandum; so, finding the messenger had been desired to wait for a reply, he wrote in pencil on a slip of paper- _ "Am busy at the moment. Will look into the matter, and call round either this afternoon or to-morrow morning." Which note he likewise placed in an envelope, and directed to "Alexander Monteith, Esq., 654, Leadenhall-strect." Then he turned to his bill-book, and after a glance, to make sure his memory of dates had been correct, put on his hat, locked his office-door, and went round to the Bank where he kept his modest account. "Was my draft on Friars paid yesterday ?" he enquired of a clerk, with whom he stood on such friendly terms as a comparatively poor man may hope to establish with those who during business hours dwell in the shadow of greatness. "1 will enquire," answered the other; and he went back to put the same question to one of his fellows, leaving Luke to survey the shoals of people who came rushing in, now that the hands of the clock were drawing towards four, with piles of drafts and notes to lodge, or with open cheques to get cashed. " I wish I might keep all I could see within the next five minutes," Luke con sidered, for he had not found the business journey pecuniarily smooth so far ; and like all who are driven up in a corner occasionally for want of "just a few hundreds," he forgot how Bpeedily even many hundreds wui commercially make wings to themselves and flee away. "That bill was not honoured yesterday," said a voice from the other side of the counter at this juncture; " but the amount, with all charges, has been paid in here this morning." " Was it noted ?" Luke enquired. " I think so," was the reply. "Then it got into Monteith's hands, thought Lake; and ho walked back to Scott's-yard, much puzzled as to what he should now do or leave undone. "If I only knew what Friars has said about it!" he was reflecting, when, lo, Friars touched him on the shoulder, exclaiming "You are the very person I wanted to meet; I have been across to the office looking for you " "About that bill?" This was interrog ative. _ " . , " 2To; confound the bill, it is all right enough, though there has been the devil to over the cursed thing. The fact is, I other matters to attend to, and forgot it; and the notaries sent it round to Leadenhall-street, where its appearance produced the most profound impression. If my respected father-in-law had seen a ghost he could not have been more horrified, or preached me a longer homily on the enormity of my conduct. However, to cut the stoiy short, he took the bill up; and now what I want you to do, if he should say anything on the subject, is to keep quiet about there having been any previous irregularity, and to declare this must have occurred by accident, which it did." " He sent round, asking me to favour him with amounts and dates of all bills drawn by me and accepted by Mr. Friars." " And what answer did you send ?" asked Austin, wishing with all his soul he had made a full confession, and admitted the pounds instead of only five hundred. "1 said I was busy," Luke replied, "but that I would look into the matter, and call on him either this afternoon or to-morrow morning." " And what shall you say when you do call ?" enquired Mr. Friars. "That is just what is bothering me," was the answer. " I told him there was only five hundred altogether," remarked the debtor. "Well, I cannot tell l»m there was only five hundred," Baid Luke decidedly. "I did not suppose you could," retorted Austin; "but it is deucedly awkward for me, notwithstanding." " It is awkward for me too-in every way," replied the other, who was thinking especially of Yorke as he spoke. " I do not want to be mixed up with any disagreement between you and your father-in-law; and, what is more, I will not be. I might refuse to answer the question altogether ; but then, if he mean to pay the bills as they fall due, it would be madness in me to offend him. And those bills must now be paid by some body." " Well, hang it! one has been paid ; what more do you want ?" asked Austin testily. "It was paid for you, at any rate," returned Luke, with equal asperity. " But nowjjook here, Friars; I bear you no great love, as you know, still I' do not want to injure you for all that-rather, because of my feeling towards you, I would be doubly careful to refrain from anything likely to damage your prospects. Mr. Stonteith's memorandum places me in a difficulty. I want the bills paid, and, if he paid them, it would be better for both of us than working these perpetual renewals. On the other hand, you have unhappily told him thaEt the amount still owing is less than one-third of the actual sum for which I hold your acceptances. Cannot you explain you were mistaken? that you find your liability is larger than you at first supposed?" "No, I cannot," Austin replied doggedly. " I told him my original aebt was five hundred pounds ; and fool though Montcith may be and is, he is not such a fool as to credit I did not know the cxact amount of a debt like that." _ "In that case there is only one thing I can do for you," remarked his companion, "namely, tell him I have furnished you with the dates and amounts of these bills, and leave you to settle matters as you please, or are able." "You might have helped me out of this mess, I think," Austin fretfully exclaimed. "It would not have been much of a false hood for you to say the debt was five hundred pounds. I am sure you have told many a worse lie in your life than that. I do hate having business transactions with people who are so confoundedly strait laced and particular." They had crossedCannon-streetbythistime, and were walking together up and down the most open part of Laurence-Pountney-hill that part where the old churchyard bestows some change of colour on the grim City-lane, and permits a view of the place where once lived another City man, in whose fortunes the novel-readers of eight or nine years back took a kindly interest. Luke felt an indescribable repugnance to letting Mr. Friars enter Scott's-yard with him, and it was to prevent such a catastrophe that he took the turning I have mentioned, and paced slowly along the pavement as they talked. Many a time Yorke and Austin had trodden that very spot-liad walked in the twilight, in the moonlight, in the dark winter nights, in the sultry summer evenings there, as they had walked over almost every other nook and corner of the City ; but it was not of the hand laid confidingly on his arm, of the dear low voice, of the words of hope, of the boundlessness of her love, and the inex haustible amount of her patience the man was thinking as he uttered his plaint to Luke Ross, who replied : " I consider I. have helped you as far as any man could-farther than, under the circumstances, most men would." " But reflect for a moment, Ross ; place yourclt, as a man of business, in my position. That money really was gone and lost; I had no benefit out of it. 1 accepted those bills for a dead horse-" Austin was beginning, when the other interrupted him " Do you mean that, but for the fact of having accepted those bills, you would repudiate the debt f' lie demanded. "Well, I believe I was wrong to bind my self ; that it was foolish and quixotic to agree to pay a sum of money which never did me one shilling's-worth of good-rather the contrary." "And, my God!" Luke exclaimed, with a vehemence foreign to his nature, " would you have taken her money, as well as all else, and then left her to beg or starve, whichever she pleased V1 "1 offered to provide for her, but she ; refused mv offer, Austin began; aud then ; he broke o'fftosay, "You know everything, I then?" I "I knew everything j*ears ago, and you i knew that; and knowing everything, Mr. I Austin Friars, I tell you to your face you are a coward, a knave, and a fool, aud that J never felt so satisfied you were all three as within the last five minutes. In reply to which exhaustive spcecli Mr. Friars remarked: " That is the way, is it? You are in love with her yourself." " A man need not l>e in love with a women to decide you are a villain," said Luke; " but since you have shown both your hand and your colours so plainly, I may as well tell you that I mean to stand between her and harm. I did not go into this business voluntarily. Now I am in it, I do not intend, that cither her interests or my prospects shall be damaged by you. So you may make up your mind to meet those bills in regular course, for renew one of them again I will not. Good-day ;" and without any more ceremonious leave-taking than that involved in the utterance of those two words, Luke Ross turned into Suffolk- lane, and wended his way back to Scott's-yard, half sorry he had let his passion get the better of liirnJ but whole glad at having opened his mind to Austin, who he knew hated even whilst he appeared friendly with aud was civil to him. . As for Austin, he retraced his steps to Leadenhall-street, boiling over with rage, jmfl revolving impotent schemes of revenge. Bitter and u&se; enough were the words which first rose to his lipswhen he suggested that Luke was in love nimself; but though he had low enough, he had not then fnilpn quite so low as to be able to couple Yorke's name with anything worse thanhe had made it. Now he repented him of not having let the unspoken words go free, of not having left a more poisonous sting lingering in Luke's breast. It was nothing to Mm that Torkc should work, or beg, or starve as Luke had suggested ; but it was much to his weak, jealous, envious nature that another nm.n should stand forth to champion her, more especially when that other man held Him in his power. " I will be even with him yet, some day," he muttered; " only let me net rid of these cursed bills, and then, Mr. Luke Boss, Mr. Aimfcin Friars will perhaps be able to deal two to your one." Which was very well; but meantime the bills remained, and were fast coming to maturity. True to his promise, Luke Ross had answered Mr. Monteith's enquiry thus : "5, Scott's-yard, 18fch May, 185 " Dear Sir-In compliance with your request, I have forwarded to Mr. Friars a list of those bills drawn by me and accepted by him which I hold.-Yours faithfully, " LUKE ROSS. "To A. Monteith, Esq., " G54, Leadenhall-street." Whereupon Mr. Monteith rejoined: "654, Leadenhall-street, May 18, 185 " Dear Sir-You must have misunder stood my memorandum. May I request that you will send mc. by bearer, copy of the list mentioned in your note ? It is important.-Yours faithfully, "ALEX. MONTEITH. "LukeBoss, Esq., 5, Scott's-yard." Compelled thus, after a fashion, to an explicit statement, Luke replied: "5, Scott's-yard, 18th May, 185 "Dear Sir-You must excuse my non compliance with the request made in your note. I cannot, as you will at once perceive, said the particulars of so purely private a debt to Mr. Friars' firm.-Yours faithfully, "LUKE ROSS. "To A. Monteith, Esq." Within half an hour came back Mr. Monteith's answer : "054, Leadenhall-street, May 18, loo Dear Sir-You are quite right, and I beg to apologise most heartily for my indiscretion. -Yours faithfully, "ALEX. MOJTTEITII. " To Luke Boss, Esq., 5, Scott's-yard." TVIPTI again Luke Ross took pen in hand and wrote: " 5, Scott's-yard, ISth May, ISa "Dear Sir-I thank you for the manner in which you have taken my refusal; and, with much respect, I remain, yours faithfully, " LUKE ROSS. " To A. Monteith, Esq., "654, Leadenhall-street." After the exchange of which amenities, the correspondence dropped, and time went on; but all the while those bills were maturing. A few days before the first of them came due, Luke received the following ejnstle, which was marked " Private - "Dear Ross-I depend upon your renewing the whole or portion of bill for £287 6s. 3d. on Saturday next. If you send me a bill for, say, £256 3s. 7d., I will try to manage the remainder.-Yours, "A. FRIARS." To this Luke answered on a memorandum form, which did away with the necessity for either beginning or ending: " You must be prepared to meet the whole of the bill for £287 6s. 3d. due next Saturday. I cannot renew both for reasons previously mentioned, and also because my discounts at the present time arc unusually heavy." Having dispatched which explicit epistle, Luke expected he had closed the corres pondence ; but almost before, as he imagined, the messenger could have got to Leadenhall street, he was back in Scott's-yard with a reply from Mr. Friars to the following effect: " If you will not renew, the bill must be dishonoured.'' Across this statement Mr. Boss wrote in red ink "I cannot help that;" and giving this in an envelope to the messenger, went on with his work, fondly hoping Mr. Friars would understand he was in earnest at last. But when his own interests were at stake Mr. Friars never would understand a hint, no matter how broad or unmistakable; so finding that his letters failed to move Mr. Ross, te came over himself to Scott's-yard. It was a fine August afternoon, and the sun streamed into tie windows of the office which had belonged to John Marks during his (Austin's) tenancy of the premises. The blinds were down, and Mr. Ross sat writing at a high office-desk when Austin entered. Up to this desk the visitor walked, and folding his arms, rested them on the ledge at the back of it as he said " I have come about that bilL" j " I can do nothing in the matter," Mr. Ross said determinedly. " Now, pray be reasonable!" Austin entreated. "Is it not enough for you to have robbed me of my business, but you must also rob me of my credit ? You know when you came into this business it was honestly worth two thousand pounds." " It was not worth two thousand pence," Mr. Ross retorted. "And yet," went on Austin, unheeding the interruption, "you harass mc about that unfortunate thousand pounds as though I really were bound in justice to pay it." " And do you say you are not !" " I say I cannot, but that still, if you give mc my time, I will pay it all, and as much more to the back of it. If, however, on the other hand, you drive me to extremity insist upon payment v.iieu 1 have not the uieanB to pay-you will lo3e the money altogether." "No, I won't-you may take your oath of that!" Luke Ross said from the other side of tlic desk. " How do you propose to recover it ?" " That is my affair," Luke answered; "but I am determined to have the whole of the thousand pounds." " Do you threaten 7" asked Austin. "Certainly not. I simply state my resolution." " You think yourself a very clever fellow!" " I think myself cleverer than you ; but that does not require any belief on my part of extraordinary talent.'' " You will not renew 5 ' " For the last time, No 1" "Would you mind telling me why you refuse?" "I have no objection to satisfy your j curiosity. In the first place, I cannot con veniently do so-my discounts are already large; in the second, I will not do so, because I believe you have no intention of ever discharging the debt if you can help it; and therefore I might have some difficulty hereafter in proving its bona fides; and in the third place, you have so very much paper flying about, Mr. Friars, that it does me no good for my name to be seen on the same stamp as yours." " Who told you that falsehood ?" " It is not a falsehood, and I must declinc to state my authority." " Do you want to ruin me ?" Austin enquired. " If you are not ruined till destruction be compassed by me, you will l>e prosperous for many a year to come," Luke replied. "Then renew that bilL" "No; I will try to renew half of it, if you like." " Renew two hundred and fifty " Decidedly not." " Then it must be dishonoured." "That is a matter for your consideration entirely." " If you have got the bills discounted, it is one for yours too " " Perhaps your own part of the affair will lie sufficient for you to attend to at present. I know my own business; no doubt you also know yours." " I cannot meet that bill." "Then, to quote yourself, it must be dishonoured." "And that nuy prove a serious matter ; for you." . . ] " O, pray do not complicate attain by onngi/jprtng my iutCTBStSj" Said Lllkc. ^ I " But wliy cannot our interests lie iden- \ tical ?" asked Austin. " Because yon stand where you do and I where 1 mb," the other replied; "because : debtor «wd creditor cannot row in the same boat; because two men such as we are, and placed as we have been, find it impossible to >e even apparently friends, nnlffiB they are hypocrites also. Now I am no hypocrite." " Implying the contrary as regards me," Austin remarked. "Well, you have an object to gain I have none. Once for all, I say that bill must be met by you or dishonoured hj^ you. 1 retire no more, and I renew no more." " Is that your decision?" " That is my decision." ff«ring thin Austin walked to the door, opened it, and would have descended the st-iinr.-naft ; but that from the floor above he the flutter of a dress as its wearer «n»M< slowly down step by step. She reached the next landing, and then seeing him, " Yorke!" he exclaimed. "Mr, Friars!" and she laid a hand on the broad balustrade* leaning against it almost for support. _ In a moment he was beside her; but quick as he followed Luke Ross. " Permit me to remind you," said the latter, "that this part of the house is private." " x know it-at least I suppose it is, now you are all doing so well," retorted Austin ; " but still I must speak-Yorke," he went on, " 1 have been with Mr. Boss about those bills, which are your bills, and he refuses to renew. His refusal means to me simple ruin. Tell him your wishes in the matter. He will do whatever you suggest; and I declare you shall not l>e any loser by the transaction if only you give me time in which to pay." "What can I do?" she said piteously, glancing from one to the other. But Luke itoss interposed at this juncture. "Mr. Friars," he began, pointing down the staircase, " that is the way out : if you like to follow it of your own free will, well if not, I wil make you-\orke, these are my bills, this is my matter, and I will not have you interfere in itbut next minute his tone changed, and he said, " I will talk the affair over again with Mr. Friars. Will you come down into the office ?" he added, addressing Austin; for Yorke's white face and beseeching expression changed his purpose a little, and whilst nothing would have pleased him better than to kick his visitor into the street, he refrained; experiencing the light touch of a woman's wish upou his strong man's will. " My heavens thought Austin, lie nails lier Yorke!" and at this juncture he felt as though he had played his last card, as though not even a throw of the dice-box were still in his hand. Sut he was mistaken; for the love Luke Ross felt towards this woman was stronger and more passionate and more romantic than any Austin had ever known. It was so strong, so passionate, and so romantic, that for her sake he could forego his own plans, and set aside his own judgment, and. put liimaolf to inconvenience in order to humour kG" That is a thing you ought not to have done," he said, when he and Austin stood together again in the ollice below; " you ought not to have brought her into this question at alL It is one between me and you j still as you have referred it to her, I lell you what I will do- renew two hundred pounds of that for two months; but you must meet the others." "Send round the bill for acceptance, Austin said sulkily-he was for the moment more by Yorke's pallor and Luke s mode of addressing her than he would have cared to acknowledge-"and I will return it at once. Thank you; but you might have met my wishes without so much fuss.1 '1X was not fussing* X shall have the greatest difficulty in getting your paper discounted." "Good-bye, old fellow; I do not bear malice," Austin replied, holding out his hand with an affectation of heartiness ; but Luke, putting his behind his back, said plainly "Ido." Whereupon Austin observed "All right-though there is no woman worth it." T *' Are you going ?" asked Luke, ^ or am 1 still to have the pleasure of hastening your departure V' . " I should be sorry to give you so much trouble," the other replied, and he went; leaving Luke to mutter, as' he walked nervously and angrily up and down the room, " What with bad trade, insufficient capital, and my love for a woman who does not care two straws about me, I have indeed put my self in a very nice cleft stick." 