GII.KS V. JO.NES—Culltillllrl/. The following is the bill referred to in Mr. Davidson's evidence : - Mr. William Parry, oj Tasmania, in account cu rent with Jauies GUt>\ AV/., Dtiniliquin. 1868. Dr. Nov. II. To commission 011 a months' rent, 17/0/8, per c jnt. ... 1 13\. Paid Mr. Robertson, solicitor, iu settlement of action Towns v Perry, for dishd. nccp. of Perry's to IJotli endorsed to Fieldham Brothers and by them to Towns, aoc. 231 7s 3d, interest 14/9 24 Commission 011 above transaction, 24/ 2s (24) 0 12 1 Guarantee 011 bill at 4 mos., accepted by James Giles to liquidate claim made in Towns v Perry, 5 per cent. Dec. 7. Commission on 1 mo.'s rent 8/13/4, "i per cent IS 0 Paid G. F. Turner, Esq., 1 qr's interest on mortgage for 320/, due 10 Dec., 1868, at 174 per cent 14 Charges on remitting same— exchange 1/6, stamp 7d .. Commission on above transaction, 14/, 2£ per ccnt 10\. Commission'on p. 11. to H. A. Turner, dishd. 55'. 74 p.c. Guarantee 011 do., 24 Your order in favour of P. | Nisse-i Commission on same, 2h Paid Mr. Robertson, solicitor, law costs as per acct. furnished, including defendant's costs, 18/10/1, in ( 1869. Towns'action v Perry Commission 011 above transaction, 24 30 0 15 Jan. 6. Commission on 1 mo.'s rent, 8/13/4. "4 per cent Feb. 9. Commission on ditto ditto, 74 Mch. 7. Commission on ditto ditto, 74 Paid G.F.Turner, Esq., 1 qr's interest on mortgage Charges on remitting same —exchge 1/6, stamps 7d ... Commission on above transaction, 24 Apl. Commission 011 I mouth's rent, 8/13/4, "4 May. Postage on letter to Luuncestou Commission on 1 mo.'s rent, 8/13/4, June 1. To commission on sale of Equity of Redemption of Exehapge Hotel, £-2 SO, 74 per cent 4\. Postage 011 letter to Tasmania Cash paid .G. F. Turner, Esq., I qr's interest 011 mortgage to June Charges ou remitting same — exclige 1/6, stampi 7d Commission 011 above transaction, 14/, 2£ 13\. Pro. note to II.- A. Turner, due this day, repaid Commission ou above transaction, £5i, 2i Balance ..." 1 207 I8C8 Ca. Oct. 6. By cash, rent reed, from De Custer for Oct Nov. 11 Do. do. do Nov. Dec 7. Do. do. do. Dec. To proceeds of pro. note for £55 discounted by H. A. Turner, Esq., and due 13:)i June, 1869. 1869 Jan. 6. Cash, rent received from De Custer for Jan Feb. 9. Do. do. do. Feb. Mar. 7. Do. do. do. Mar. Apl. -- Do. do. do. Apl. May — Do. do. do. Way June 1. By cash received for purchase of equity of redemption of Exchange Hotel, Deiiiliquin. By balance (Signed) 399 £207 JAMES GILES. Joseph Lewis, free selector, near Deniliquiu, de' posed: Had conversations with Mr. Giles about some fowls. O11 the first occasion I was going down the street in Deniliqnin with Mr. James Taylor, and Mr. Giles called to me from the opposite side of the road ; he asked me whether I had not a quantity of fowls, and if 1 would not let him have them ; he told me he would come out and see them. Nothing was said about price on this occasion. The same thing occurred twice after that. Nothing was said about the price on either occasion. Did uot tell Mr. Giles my terms were cash. The second occasion was a few days afterwards at Deniliqnin. The third occasion the same. Mr. Giles never asked me to sell him the fowls. Never offered the fowls for sale to Mr. Giles. Mr. Giles never offered to buy the fowls. I understood that he wanted them. I understood that Mr. Giles wanted me to give him the fowls. The first conversation between Mr. Giles and myself took place within the hearing of James Taylor. Was afterwards brought before Mr. Giles for using profane language. The words used were, " By the Holy Ghost"—that was all. Was lined £5, or three months in gaol. I have never been char-cd before with using such language. It was not alleged iu the case that I had before been charged with a like offence. I never said anything about the administration of justice. I was never before the Police Court before. Wellwood was fined at the same time for the same charge. Wellwood was lined £1. A statement was made that Wtllwood was liefore the Bench before. Mr. Giles said tbat Wellwood was before the Bench about a month previously, and called Wellwood an old sinner. It was merely said that he had been before tlie Bench. I am a poor man, aud had to sell some of my jirojierty to pay the fine. After the commencement of this prosecution against Mr. Jones, Mr. Giles sent for me by.Mr. Kynaston. I saw Mr. Giles in Mr. Bronghton's office. It was the day after the conim'encement of this prosecution. Mr. Giles wanted to know how it had transpired that Mr. Giles was accused of wanting to get th -fowls frcm witness. 1 told him that I did not know how it had transpired, as I had not spoken to defendant for years. I mentioned to Mr. James Taylor that Mr. Giles wanted to get the fowls for nothing, and that Mr. Giles must be a mean man. This was immediately after I lefr Mr Gil s. Cross-examined l.v Mr. Cites : The first conversation took place between Simps.."'s and Boat's. On my oath the w,.r.l sale was m-ver mentioned. You never asked the price of the fowls, or the par ticular de-cripiion ; th- priee of 3s a couple was never mentioned. I mentioned bavins some youn turkeys for sale ; von did not ask me the price for them; I told Mr. Giles that I wanted to get rid of the turkevs. as th-y stmved and p ive-lie trouble ; I did say'that I wanted to net rid of the turkeys more particularly than the fowls; but I did not, at the time, sav I would sell some of the fowls; will swear that nothing else occurred 011 the latter occasion ; I did not account for my reason for selling the fowls that feed was scarce; I said goto others ; I did not s.iv to Mr. Giles tbat for scarcity of fj-ed I would like*to sell the fowls; I did not say to you that since Taylor closed his house 1 had run short of feed ; I did not say it was too expensive to feed those fowls and turkeys, and that I must get rid of sume of them, or words to that effect; I never said to Mr. Giles that before Taylor's house was closed I was iu the habit of getting food for fowls from the Royal : Mr. Giles never asked me whether I was in a posiiion to sell the fowls and turkeys to Mr. Giles; I never set a price upon either turkey or fowls ; I remember Mr. Giles asking me where my place was ; you said v<n " blv drive out and look at these fowls ; you merely said you would drive out and look at them ; I think 1 did say that if I knew you were coming I | I would arrange to be there and meet you; von never asked me whether the fowls were mixed'up with 1 aylor's estate; you never mentioned the word "sale"; you never used such language011 the first occBfion of aecostiug.me; I was standing at the rjil •of the Court-house inside when Kynaston called me into see .Mr. Giles; the word •• transpired" was not mentioned that I kuo« 0f; I think die «old transpired " was about the language used ; I think that must have been the word-to the he»i of mv knowledge it w.-is so; I have no doubt of it; you did not say to me on that occasion, " how came yuu to say) that 1 wanted fowls from you for nothing?" Mr. Gile.i never said 011 that occasion — '•how came you to say thai Mr. Giles wanted the fowls for nothing," nor did he say if I had said so I had told a gross falsehood ; nothing of the kind ever occurred ; I have a good memory ; 1 never suffered fur wan I of money; 1 did say to Mr. Giles that I had never told dc-fei dant abi.ut the fowls ; I told him I nev r told lies; that was in answer to to a question how il came out that the subject o f the fowls was mentioned on the examination—how you came to wt.nt my fowls. [Mr. Giles called Mr. De Lissa a liar, a contemptible creature, &c.; Mr. De Lissa replied.] I did not say to Mr. Giles that I had not made these statements to any one. I did not say the words— " But I know how all this came about, " I did not say that this arose out of the tine of five pouuds inflicted on me; I did not say that all this arose since you did that; I think I said something about the line—a very few words: I do uot remember the woids. I did not use the words that it was unjust, and an illegal sentence, or words to tint effect; I think these might be the words— yon have gone to the extreme in fining me £5- nothing further; I never was charged with anything of the like in this district before. I have been twenty-one years in this district; the profane language arose thusthrough a quarrel with WeUwciiil—I was charging r- Wfrllwood with inciting hisson-iu- law Jones to take away my pony, whereby he was sold in Taylor's estate; I was the aggressor—I stated so to the court —Wellwood and I had a few words, and he was going to strike me; I do not know that Wellwood's son-in-law was acting then for the official assignee ; I did claim the horse from Jones, and refused to allow him to take the horse ; I never did make an iffidavit claiming tlie horse; Mr. Wright, the detective always allowed the horse was mine. The horse was sold by the local official assignee ; I claimed the horse from Mr. Graves, but never by affidavit; nothing was said by the magistrate on the occasion when I was fined of the impropriety of interfering with the officer of the official assignee ; I do not think that my conduct of interfering with the bailiff influenced the magistrate when I was fined. I landed in the colony thirty-six years ago. By trade 1 am a jeweller, and 1 used to work with Mr. Cohen, one of the principal jewellers. I was consigned to Mr. Cohen from Hyde- park barracks ; arrived in a prison ship; all wero under a guard of soldiers. Re-examined by Mr. De Lissa : 1 had no altercation with Wellwood's son-ia law, who was acting for the official assignee. I did not in any way resist him in bis duty as bailiff. I was given to understand since Wright went away that he was a detective in Taylor's estate. He allowed that the horse I claimed was mine. I was not charged before the court with obstructing the bailiff in the execution of bis duty—not a single word Was said of my doing so on the hearing of the charge ; the charge was confined solely to my using the profane language to Wellwood; I pleaded guilty to tho charge, and admitted at once that 1 was guilty of the language, and I expressed my regret; I said it was the first time I had been before the Bench, and it never should occur again. I am sixty-eight years of age. The conversation with Mr. Giles in Mr. Broughton's room was cut short by some one coming in ; on that occasion I believe I introduced the subject of the fine; I did not understand the question put to me by Mr. Giles in cross-examination whether the word " transpired " was used ; to the best of my belief it was. By the Bench : I state that I never was before Mr. Giles or any one cle for these thirty-six years for any offence whatever. It might be a week be- fore I was fined that Mr. Giles asked me for the fowls. On the last occasion Mr. Giles spoke of the fowls to me he told me that he would endeavour to go out and see the fowls. I never refused Mr. Giles uiy fowls. James Taylor deposed : Am a bootmaker living at Deniliquin- lived here for about thirteen years. I was walking on one occasion with Joseph Lewis when Mr. Giles spoke to him. We met Mr. Giles ou the pathway opposite the lagoon. Mr. Giles was coming Up from Roberts's public-house. Heard him call Lewis. Lewis went up. Mr. Giles then said, You've got a lot of poultry—Will you give them to me." Or, " Will you let me have them." I think it was, " Will you give, them to me? " f walked on. When Lewis overtook me he said, What do you think of that mean man ?—he wants my fowls." Cross-examined by Mr. Giles: Am quite certain that Lewis made these remarks to mo. I think 1 said he could do what he liked with liis own fowls. Lewis was eight or ten yards distant, I tliink, when Mr. Giles spoke to him—it might be only six yards. Mr. Giles called out so loud that they might have heard him at Roberts's hotel. The word sale" was not mentioned—if it had been said I must have heard it. It might have bpen said after I passed on. I did not take much notice. Re-examined : Mr. Giles called out londly, "Lewis." The question asked Lewis was quite as loudly asked as Mr. Giles's voice when he called Lewis to him. Sergeant Baker and| Mr. Watson were also examined, after which the case was adjourned till Monday next, at 11 o'clock. DBAI>EB. for robbing the Commercial Bank, Melbourne, is again convicted, and sentence deferred. 