THE LATE CHARLES DICKENS. Amongst the items of telegraphic news from England will be found the announcement of the death of a man whose name is as familiar to the inhabitants of Australia as " household words." The author who depicted the eccentricities of a Weller, the sorrows of Little Nell, the blighted condition of a Swiveller, the aspirations of a Guppy, the death of Paul Dombey, the 'umble- ness of a Heep, and tbe resignation of a Mi- cawber, is no more. Charles Dickens, whose name for years and years has been a by-word amongst us, is dead — dead, like "William Make peace Thackeray, just as he was commencing to add another to the long list of his works. Fifty- eight years ago, at Landport, Portsmouth, Charles Dickens was born. His father was a clerk in the Navy Pay-office, and upon retiring on a pension, obtained an engagement to report debates in Parliament, and eventually became attached to the Chronicle . It is not known where Charles Dickens acquired his education, but as a young man we have him as a reporter on an ultra-Liberal paper, the True Sun. From the staff of the True Sun he passed to the Morning Chronicle as a reporter, and his reports were dis tinguished by clearness, vigour, and extreme exact ness. The office of reporter was too narrow for the mind of the future novelist, and he wrote a few tales an$ sketches that appeared in a magazine of the day. He next wrote tbe "Sketches by Boz" in the evening edition of the Morning Chronicle , under the title of " Sketches of English Life and Character." They at once attracted much notice, and were reprinted in 1836 and 1837 in two volumes, illustrated by Mr. George Cruikshank, and published by Mr. Marone. About the same time he wrote a comic opera, entitled " The Village Coquettes." The merits of the " Sketches by Boz" caught the attention of one of the firm of Chapman and Hall, who proposed that Dickens, then twenty-five or twenty-six years old, should write, in monthly numbers, a sporting novel to illustrate certain sketches by Seymour. The offer was accepted — and " Pickwick" was the result. Mr. Seymour's death by his own hand changed the character of the novel, leaving Dickeus free to follow up his own ideas. Hablot Browne, then a young artist, who had, at seventeen years of age, gained a prize for a capital etching of John Gilpin, supplied the place of Seymour. " Nicholas Nickleby" was tbe next production, which appeared in shilling numbers, uniform with "Pickwick." Dickens next edited Bentley's Miscellany, and in Feb- ruary, 1837, appeared the first instalment of " Oliver Twist," illustrated by Cruikshank. In 1840 he attempted a periodical paper, intended to bring him more often into contact with his many readers. After two or three little tales, he abandoned his purpose, and plunged into the longer tale of " The Old Curiosity Shop," which, when finished, was followed by " Barnabf Rudge," a tale illustrative of the Gordon riot. About the same time appeared Mr. Dickens' "Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi," the celebrated clown. About the year 1842 Mr. Dickens visited America, and on his return published his " Ame rican Notes," which were received in the country they described with a storm of disapprobation. In 1843 he turned his trip to the -New World to account to himself by writing " Martin Chuzzle- wit." The year 1843 saw the first of his Christ mas Books, viz., the " Christmas Carol," and which was followed by " The Chinies," in 1845 ; "The Cricket on the Hearth," 1846; "The Battle of Life," 1847 ; and "The Haunted Man, er the Ghost's Bargain," in 1848. In 1845 Mr. Dickens started the "Daily News, a weekly newspaper, which appeared on the 21st of January of that year, price 2 Id. ; but the affair was a partial failure. Silent for some time after "Martin Chuzzlewifc" bad been completed, Dickens next, in 1847-8, published " Dombey and Son," which was followed by " David Copperfield" in 1849-50. " Bleak House" made its appearance in 1853, and " Little Dorrit" in 1856. " A Tale of Two Cities," " The Uncommercial Tra veller," and " Great Expectations," were re printed from All the Year Mound. In 3850 Mr. Dickens started Household Words, cheap literary miscellany, and owing to a dispute be tween him and his publishers, brought it to a conclusion in 1859. He then established All the Year Mound, which he conducted until few years ago, and which is now edited fey his son. In May, 1864, the first number of "Our Mutual Friend" appeared. In 1868 Mr. Dickens proceeded to America and making his peace with the enlightened citizens, gave readings, by which he i realisedabout £40,000. On his return to. England "lie continued lus readings to crowded audiences at St. James' -hall. In the beginning of the present year he bid a pathetic farewell to his hearers, Stating that he should lecture no more, but that he would not cease his relations with the public, and in April, 1870, appeared the first number, containing five chapters, of "The Mystery of Edwin Drood." The work bears evi dences of great promise, and the descriptive power of the opening chapter is a clear proof that Mr. Dickeus was by no means " written out." Fate willed that "Edwin Droo'd" should not be completed, and, as in the case of "Denis Duval," there will only be a fragment left to remind the world of the author's last work. Mr. Dickens had a high reputation as an amateur actor ; was one of the founders of the Guild of Literature and Art, and was ah active promoter of the Royal Literary Fund. Two sons of the late Mr; Charles Dickens are at present in Australia, being engaged in pastoral pursuits. The following is the farewell speech delivered by Mr. Dickens at St. James'-hall, on the occasion of his retirement from public reading : — " Ladies and Gentlemen, : — It would be worse than idle, for it would be hypocritical and un feeling, if I were to disguise that I close this episode in my life with feelings of very consider able pain. For some fifteen years, in this ball and in many kindred places, I have had the honour of presenting my own cherished ideas before you for your recognition, and, in closely observing your reception of them, have enjoyed an amount of artistic delight and instruction which perhaps it is given to few men to know. In this task, and in every other I have ever undertaken as a faithful ser vant of the public, always imbued with a sense of duty to them, and always striving to do bis best, I have been uniformly cheered by the readiest response, the most generous sympathy, and tbe most stimulating support. Neverthe less, I have thought it well at the full floodtide of your favour to retire upon those older asso ciations between us which date from much fur ther back than these, and henceforth to devote myself exclusively to the art that first brought us together. Ladies and gentlemen, in but two short weeks from this time I hope that you may enter, in your own homes, on a new series of readings at which my assistance will be indis pensable ; but from these garish lights I vanish now for evermore, with one heartfelt, grateful, respectful, and affectionate farewell." 