Prince of Wales Theatre. ' -. If good' houses aro io bo loökod upon as appreciative' marks of the excollenoo and quality of tho entertainments submitted for public approval, the Kelly, Hussey, arid Holly troupe may be said to hare boon more than suc- cessful; for, notwithstanding tho inolemont stato of tho woatlior during tho past week, this very clovor band of sable minstrels havo. succeeded in drawing orowdod houses. This meod bf appréciation has not boon un deserved, as tho manner in whom the programmo has boon oarriod out oach ovoning in tho rondoring of the various songs, glees, and burlesques, has boon suoh as to merit tho warm and enthusiastic approval of tho largo audiences assomblod nightly to witness tho efforts of the performers. Amongst thc most noticeable of tho vocal features of tho programmo, woro tho ballads, "Darling Jonnio," by J. A. Herman, and "Happy Boyhood," by H. Ackland, tho latter of which was cnoorod. Ackland gracefully acoording to tho molody what was duo to his voica and exquisito rendering, by calling on tho company to join with him in tho concluding chorus of tho nong. Wo fool bound to record our grati- fication at tho very markod progross which Mr Ackland has mado as a vocalist, in fact vory few would recognise him as the pleasing young singer who figured so promi- nently at our evening concartB two years back so much has ho improved both in voice and exeoutiou. Campboll's "Mothor kissed mo in my dream," and Emery's "We moot again," wero very good, and roileated great orodit on tho exooutants. Tho comic portion of tho business lias boon vigorously sustained by Messrs Hussey and Kelly, in tho oponing part by a cross-firo of jokes and couundrnms, and in the after part by a ludiorous bur lcquo and an Ethiopian farce, entitled "Tho Ghost in a Pawnshop," by which tho risible faculties of tho audience wore provoked to a mirthful axtont. Tho Goldon Shoo Dance by IColly and Holly, still maintains ita plaoo as a prominent feature in tho performance, and is nightly and deservedly oncorod. 