THE HERALD NEWSPAPER AND THE CATHOLICS. \---<>--- NOW that the turmoil of the general elec- tions is over the Irish and Catholics will not forget to bestow deliberate and practi- cal attention upon the vilest enemy which they have in this country — we mean, of course, the Sydney Morning Herald. Many of our readers will remember the slough of twaddle in which the Rev. Mr. West found the Herald when he became its editor. He raised it out of this condi- tion. He raised it above the level of inane and senile platitude. He infused a manly tone and vigour into it. He was a clergyman, and clergymen, as a rule, are not celebrated for more tolerance of Opinion than their co-religionists ; yet Mr. West, as the Editor of the Herald, manifes- ted a liberality of mind towards his Roman Catholic fellow- citizens very much above the narrow-minded and bigoted sect to which he belongs. Such a man could not fail to raise the character of such a newspaper. He did raise it, for once ; for the first, and, probably, for the last time in its existence. But Mr. West has grown too old for the labour of the editorship. Have all who were liberal and scholarly in His sect, grown too old with him ? It would appear so. At least the right man has not been found for his place, or, if found, would not suit for the work to be done in recent times ; and, of course, that place, under all circumstances, is destined for some one or other of "the elect" — if for a reverend member of the elect so much the better. Yes ! his place was filled ; filled by one of the elect; filled by another Reverend Editor; — and with the new reverend appointee the old unclean spirits of twaddle and bigotry resumed possession of their ancient abode. And what of the principal proprietor of the Herald ? Mr. John Fairfax has borne a high and not an illiberal character amongst his fellow-citizens. Not, however, for either education or political sagacity. Under his administration platitude was the presiding genius of the Herald, even in his prime. And now he has grown old. Common place and old age ! A change in the policy and character of a journal, — a change guarded in expression, subtle and disguised ; the malignity of the new Edicor under the guise of parsonhood work ing and praying ! — although all this has taken place, may not Mr. John Fairfax, on the whole, have remained unconscious that he installed the evil genius of the Herald in the Editor's chair? The most repulsive characteristic of this change in the Herald is that it is subtle and disguised. Yet it is, surely, a charac- teristic which need surprise no one by its novelty. Though there are good men and bad in all religious denominations, still some denominations have bad peculiarities. None so sanctimonious as your swaddling preacher — until he is found out. None more sincere of face than many most Metho- distical teachers of our Public Schools, and yet none so distrusted by all other denomi- nations, as being, or as being likely to be, insinuating proselytizers of the children committed to their fidelity. No man, in his whole line of trade, has observed the Sabbath more edifyingly than your pious fraudulent insolvent. Now, leading jour- nalist, also, are sometimes in difficult posi- tions. By nature and by Grace they may be hostile to Irish and Roman Catholics, but such hostility might be injurious to themselves in their line of business. Might not the morality of the preacher, the teacher, and the trader, just referred to, be available, being near at hand by way of living example? How can they help putting on an affectation of candour and plausibility if they must be malignantly bigoted, and at the same time greedily commerical ? Under such affectation, the hostility of the Herald to the Irish and Catholics of this colony, has now for a long time past been virulent and unceasing. Was a priest accused of sending a dying criminal into the presence of the Almighty, under the guise of religion, with a lie in his mouth : was the Prime Minister guilty of disgracing the colony by the blackguard- ism of "pumping" a criminal in his con- demned cell whilst a concealed reporter recorded the conversation ; was the same afterwards garbled, in the shape of selections, for political purposes ; was material evidence for the defence deliber- ately suppressed and kept from the know- ledge of the prisoner's counsel upon the trial of that prisoner for his life; were convicts and dismissed detectives en- couraged to imperil the liberty or the lives of respectable Catholic citizens ; was any incident of the Kiama Ghost Story in need of pretended credulity for the purpose of the party who were stimulating Protestant passions against the Irish ; was the warning note to be sounded against Irish immigra- tion — in these, and in other cases, when ever an outrage or an insolence was perpe- trated, in that time of excitement, against the Irish and Roman Catholics, the Herald was either an abettor, with its make believe impartiality, or else remained dishonestly silent when the case was too scandalous to admit of defence. Every reader of the Herald remarked its numerous theological disquisitions, some short time since. They were out of place, it will be admitted, but still must not some allowance be made for the predilec tions of a Rev. editor? He might be only rehashing his sermons of the previous Sunday, or disgorging what he failed to de- liver from the pulpit. Such may seem to have been the case to the casual, unsophis- ticated reader. But mark that much is covertly said or insinuated against the per- petual aggressions of popery. Mark that the general elections were then at hand, and mark that the editorial zeal for theo- logy has greatly abated since the elections have been contested. In reality the pious and commercial theologian has begun at Genesis only to avoid, if possible, the com- mercial damage which might ensue from a disclosure of his electioneering tactics. Even in matters of much smaller mo- ment bigoted hostility to all things Catho- lic has become the settled habit of the Herald. Catholic Belgium has been often cited as eminent for its agricultural and its manufacturing enterprise — as, amongst other instances, underselling the iron masters of England, in their own market, in the article of railway engines. The Herald has found out, however, one Eng- lishman who has written in disparagement of Belgian agriculture in comparison with that of England. It did more than make use of this tempting opportunity. Not content with quoting this acceptable au- thority the Herald adds, by way of special slander on its own account, that — the peasantry (of Belgium) have more faith in the patron saint than the manure heap." The successor of the Rev. Dr. West must, surely, have been found in a low grade of reverend ranters. The spirit of the Editor pervades the whole staff, with some few honourable excep- tions. The writer of the "Collective Wis- dom of New South Wales," who for several sessions found nothing so noteworthy in the House as the ribald bigotry of Mr. John Stewart, is a reporter of the Herald. "Stella" — that familiar of Kings and Princes and great Statesmen in Europe — is popularly believed to gather her (or his) filthy rags of bigotry within the purlieus of the Herald office. "Our Melbourne Correspondent" informs the readers of the Herald that the Protestant Bishop there "has certainly discountenanced the tendancy of childish ceremonies and the disptay of millinery on the part of the Ritualists as well as the conversion oi the Church services into Sunday concerts ; but some of the clergy still defy the Bishop and indulge in proces- sions of surpliced men and boys with crosses and mummeries and as many other imitations of the Romish Church as their congregations can bear." The reporting staff of the Herald do not, of course, falsify their transcript of public speeches. Nor ought they to be held fairly responsible for the suppression of public proceedings. But then the purport of public meetings and the effect of public speeches have been often and grossly misrepresented — for which they are responsible. We have not forgotten, for example, that nothing ap- peared in the Herald of that eloquent and powerful speech of Mr. Dalley's at West Sydney save the curt description that it was "a violent speech" — violence being the characteristic which the bigots, at that time, endeavoured to impress, for electioneering purposes, upon the proceed- ings of the Roman Catholics. It must be quite plain that the Roman Catholics of this colony cannot continue much longer dependant upon, and, at the same time, supporting this vile newspaper. The power which has turned the elections in favour of one party can throw its weight with effect into the scale against one news- paper and in favour of another ; nor do we want or desire, unless in case of necessity, the establishment of a Roman Catholic daily organ. We shall have occasion before long to discuss the ways and the means by which an honest unsectarian daily journal may be successfully established or supported in opposition to the Sydney Morning Herald. Meantime we will not fail to keep a vigi- lent eye upon the swaddling twaddle factory of the Messrs. John Fairfax and Sons. 