ITALY. THE ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. The CEcumenical Council was formally opened on 8th December. By daybreak, notwithstanding the weather being rainy, the inner Atrium and Grand Nave of the Vatican Basilica, the route of the proces- sion; were thronged by an immense concourse of spectators. At 9 o’clock, amid the ringing of the bells of all the ecclesiastical edifices in Rome and salvoes of artillery from the Castle of San Angelo and Mount Aventine, the procession formed in the Upper Atrium of the Vatican, descended the Scala Ruegia, and passed through the Lower Atrium into the cathedral. Regular and secular clergy were ranged on either side, and the procession consisted of six arch bishop-princes, 49 cardinals, 11 patriarchs, 680 arch bishops and bishops, 28 abbots, and 29 generals of re ligious ln all about 800 ecclesiastics preceded the Pope, who was carried into the cathedral in the gestatorial chair. His holiness first knelt some time before the Sacrament, and. the assembly then took their places in the Council-hall in seven rows. After mass had been chanted by Cardinal Patrizi, the Arch bishop of Iconium pronounced the inaugural dis course. The Pope, who appeared to be in the enjoy ment of excellent health, then gave his benediction, the ceremony being carried out in exact accordance with the State programme. After giving the .benediction the Pope received the homage of the members of the council. The appointed prayers followed, and the Pope three, time3 invoked the aid of the Holy Ghost for the council, a hymn to the Holy Ghost being sung by the choristers. The prelates approved the degree opening the council,.and the TcDcum followed, the ceremony terminating at half-past 2 o’clock in the afternoon. In the sitting of the Council on 9th December, the Pope read to the members assembled a short homily, in which he said that it had given hini great pleasure to inaugurate the Council on the appointed day, and to see the bishops assembled at Rome in greater num bers than ever. : They had come to teach all men the voice of God, and to. judge with the Pope, under the auspices of the Holy Spirit, on the errors of human science. Never was it more necessary than in the present day, since conspiracy and impiety were wide spread and strongly organised, and hide themselves under the mask of aspirations for liberty. There was no cause fdr alarm. The Church was stronger than heaven itself, and now was the time, to consider what remedies were efficacious against the present evils. The bishops should strive with him to secure peace fulness in the monasteries, Order in the Church, and discipline among the clergy. In conclusion, he in voked the Holy Spirit, the Virgin, and the holy angels. The fathers of the Council held their first general congregation in St. Peter’s the same day. The death is announced of Cardinal Pentini. The Pope received 600 French subjects at the Vati can on 19th December. After speaking with several individually, he delivered an allocution in French, in which he dwelt upon the significance of the approach ing Christmas festival, and said, “God, in teaching humility, declared pride to be the enemy of man and the author of revolution.” His Holiness then blessed the assembly amid loud applause. The third general congregation of the council was held on 20th December. The election of 14, out of the 24 ecclesiastics who are to compose the committee on matters of faith, is notified. The principal mem bers are the Archbishops of Cambray, Utrecht, Posen, Malines, Baltimore, and Westminster; the Bishops of Poitiers, Jaen, Sion, and Paderborn; the Primate of Hungary, and the Armenian Patriarch. The as sembly has elected 24 members as a committee on' questions connected with discipline. The Apostolic Bull, “ Sedis,” dated.the 12th of October, which, out of consideration for the spirit of the age, reduces the number of cases reserved for ecclesiatical censure, has been .promulgated. The Pope, in reply to an address of General Kanz ler, on 27th December, expressed his confidence that the QJcumenical Council would ■ dissipate darkness, and give to the world peace and prosperity. He re futed the arguments of. those who maintain that the Pope should have no army because Christ had none. ; 