THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. PAPAL IMPABTIAUTT. (From the Saturday Review.) It may be true, as has been sometimes observed, that the present controversy at Rome has brought out with remarkable clearness one distinctive difference between French and German national character. To the German mind the first and most conclusive objection to the new dogma which presents itself is that it is demonstrably false; to the French Liberal Catholic the main grievance is that the grand old traditions of the Gallican Church and nation are being insulted and set at nought. Still this difference in the way of looking at things has its limits. Father Gratry at least has challenged the truth of the infallibilist theory with a logic as incisive, if not with so profound a learning, as Dallinger or " Janus." And there is a very striking article in last Sunday's Allgemeine Zeitung on the practical results which would follow in Germany from the definition. The dilemma, as stated by the writer, is no doubt serious enough in a social and political as well as a religious point of view. A decree canned, in defiance of all precedent, by a majority only of the Council, could not, he observes, be considered morally binding, and one alternative would be a fresh schism, the full consequences of which, direct and indirect, it is difficult to gauge with any precision beforehand, but they could not fail to be very far-reaching. If, on the other hand, to avoid this alarming contingency, the dogma were to be tacitly acquiesced in the work of conciliation between the divided confessions which has been gradually advancing during the last two centuries would be undone at a stroke, and the chasm between Roman Catholics and Protestants rendered for the future impassable, while the whole education and culture of the Catholic body would be not less surely undermined, and a system of irresponsible spiritual despotism, moral and intellectual, erected on its ruins. Devout Roman Catholics would have to give up not only theological study, as Dr. Newman says, but mental cultivation altogether " as a bad job." Yet the crisis is to all appearance becoming every day more imminent, and the Court partly appears to have thrown all idea of compromise to the winds. For a time the Pope himself maintained an external semblance at least of impartiality, and professed to be awaiting like others, the voice of the Holy Ghost, though his chosen organs throughout the world have all along to quote the complaint of a fervent but exceptionally candid infallibilist-been practising the most stringent dictation to the Holy Spirit," assuring the Council that if it failed to define the new dogma it would be abdicating its office," " not doing its duty, and would be " a false teacher." And all this without any whisper of rebuke from authority. Now, however, every pretence of outward decorum has been abandoned. Nildl est quod credere de se non possit, cum laudatory Dis equal potestas, and the Pope whose eighty years may be charitably presumed to have somewhat obfuscated his moral and mental perceptions, has openly proclaimed himself a partisan. Not only has he lent his ear, as Dr. Newman says, to the flattery of a clique of Jesuits, Redemptorists, and Converts,"' but he has thrown himself body and soul into the plots of the " insolent and aggressive faction" who are leaving no stone unturned to bring about this great revolution in the Church. We say this advisedly. His Holiness has been making speeches and writing autograph letters in all directions to commend the most unscrupulous writers and journalists on the in- fallibility side, while he has no warmer recogni- tion for Montalembert's eminent services to Catholicism than the expression of a hope which sounds like a sarcasm-that he repented of his opinions in time to save his soul, though not in time to deserve those ordinary religious solemnities of his Church which are freely accorded to the vilest criminal who dies within her fold. He even goes about visiting the bishops in their own apartments, literally touting for votes for his own infallibility; and his outrageous treatment of the Patriarch of Babylon, who was bullied into resigning from sheer dread of personal violence, is a sample of what those who oppose his wishes have to expect. By forbidding the bishops to print anything in Rome during the Council he has secured a monopoly of freedom of speech to the Jesuit scribes of the Civilà Catholics, who pour out a continuous torrent of infallibilist declamation and sophistry to which men like Dupanloup and Strossmayer cannot offer a syllable of reply. He aids and abets the tactics of those who are struggling per fas et nefas to force through the obnoxious dogma, while he publicly stigmatizes as " only half Catholics" all who dare to oppose it. One of the most eminent bishops of the Opposition complains that his card was stolen from his door in order to append his name to an infallibilist petition ! But this is not the worst. The new regulations for the conduct of the Council constitute an organized and hardly disguised conspiracy for crushing all opposition to the arbitrary will of the Curia. If we could imagine Mr. Gladstone using his Parliamentary majority to force a Bill through the House empowering any ten members of the Cabinet or their followers to cut short a debate at any moment most convenient to themselves, and to insist on the question of an immediate division being at once put to the vote, we should have formed some idea, though a very inadequate one, of the restrictions placed on the free action of the Council against the vehement, but hitherto unheeded, reclamations of a large and influential majority of its members. For not only is the new device for cutting short the debates whenever it suits the interest of the Court which was very near being acted upon with regard to the Scheme de Fide-a manifest interference with the freedom of discussion, but the whole plan of carrying doctrines through a Council by the votes of a majority, instead of the unanimous consent of the Fathers, is a re- volutionary proceeding, without any precedent in the history of the Church. The German bishops have protested so strongly that an influential theologian of a religious order declares their language to be fully equal to that of a pamphlet on Reform of the Church in her Head and her Members. Some of the English bishops Dr. Clifford is understood to be the firmest and most outspoken of them in sist that it concerns their honor to oppose a dogma by the express and solemn denial of which they obtained Catholic Emancipation. The protest of the American bishops is more menacing than that of the Germans, and the German is stronger than the French. All these protests distinctly implied, but unfortunately without expressly affirming, that no dogmatic decree not sanctioned by a moral unanimity of the Fathers could be valid. But the protesters damaged their position by shrinK ina from the obvious practical corollary of refusing to take any further part in the deliberations of the Council till this cardinal principle was acknowledged, and the new regulations devised for upsetting it withdrawn. How many of them will stand firm when the crisis comes remains to be seen. It was perhaps in order to avert an immediate collision that two concessions in minor points were made by the presiding legates The discussion of infallibility has been postponed till after Easter, and the revised Scheme on nationalism materially modified, though by no means unobjectionable in its new form. This was the situation of affairs when the General Congregation assembled on March 22, and the " scene" which has been referred to in several English papers took place. We shall partly quote and partly abridge, from the correspondent of the Allgemeine Zeitung, the most authentic account to be found of what actually occurred and its sequel. Cardinal Schwarzenberg had touched on the new regulations, and had been called to order for doing so. Archbishop Kenrick of St. Louis who followed him, one of the most imposing figures in the Council, was still more emphatic in his protest, and insisted on the inherent rights of bishops as witnesses and judges of faith. ''Then Strossmayer ascended the tribune, and a scene followed which for dramatic effect and theological significance almost exceeded anything known in the history of Coun- cils." He first attacked as perverse and unjust that part of the revised scheme which makes Protestantism responsible for the " systematic monstra, mythical, rationalism, indifferent semi, nomine designate;' pointing out how, largely the Reformation itself was due to the corrupt state of Catholicism, and that the horrors of the Revolution had sprung from the godless ness of Catholics not of Protestants. Among the latter were many excellent defenders of Christian doctrine, of whom St. Augustine's words were true, Errant, sed bona-fide errant, and who had refuted the errors condemned in the Scheme as powerfully as any Catholic writers, if not more so ; " all Christians are indebted to men like Leibnitz and Guizot." What followed on this is an edifying illustra- tion of that " perfect unanimity in Council of which Dr. Manning is so anxious to assure us : These words and names were received with loud murmurs which at last broke out into a a storm of indignation. The present. Cardinal de Angelis, cried out, Here non est locus headlands Protestants. He was right, for the dungeons of the Inquisition are scarcely a hundred paces distant from the place where he was speaking. The hubbub continued. Stross mayor then declared, in tones of intense emotion, " That alone can be imposed on the faithful as a dogma, which is sanctioned by a moral unanimity among the bishops." These words were the signal for a fearful tumult. Many bishops sprang from their seats, rushed towards the tribune, and shook their fists in the speaker's face. Place, Bishop of Marseilles, one of the boldest of the prelates and the first to profess openly' his adherence to Dupanloup's Pastoral, exclaimed, Ego alarm no damage. There was a shy Lek from all sides, Omnes, our- dates from marasmus. The President again called Strossmayer to order, but before quitting the tribunal he solemnly protested against the violence to which he had been subjected. There was hardly less excitement in the Church outside than in the Council Hall. Some thought the Garibaldians had broken in others, with more presence of mind, that Papal infallibility had been proclaimed, and these last began shouting, " Long live the infallible Pope." A bishop of the United States observed afterwards, not without a sense of patriotic pride, that he now knew of one assembly even rougher than the Congress of his own country. It is difficult to form an accurate calculation of the number who took part in this unseemly display. Some say 400 bishops, some say 200, some that a majority disapproved it. Next day a sense of shame had reduced the Council to a dead silence, and Maynard, Archbishop of Cal ocean, one of the ablest and most eloquent speakers in the Council I and the American Bishop Whelan used the opportunity for saying some strong things. But it will no longer be possible to delude the world into a belief of the perfect unanimity among the Fathers, after this conspicuous exhibition of a profound internal difference. On one side stand the band, comparatively few but strong in moral power who echo heart and soul Strossmayer's noble protest on the other, the ruck of " abject" (neiderträchtigen) fanatics and sycophants, as a German bishop has called them. It is clear that matters cannot stop at this point. The minority must assert their rights, or the majority most openly proclaim their resolve to trample upon them. The Presidents of the Council openly displayed their partisanship in silencing Strossmayer without attempting to silence the howls of his assailants, thus making themselves accomplices in the outrage, and in the principle of deciding doctrines by counting heads which it embodied. A categorical demand for an explanation on this point has therefore been addressed to them, and in case of their making no reply the minority reserve their ultimatum, which is finally to test the claim of the Vatican Council to be considered Ooumenical. For the moment the Presidents seem desirous of staving off a decisive rupture, and at the end of four months only one unimportant vote has been taken. The more sanguine among the Opposition bishops think this delay tantamount to a victory, and naively remark, " It is clear the Holy Ghost guides the Council." Meanwhile the inspired Givilta has published an elaborate article in deference of the system of voting dogmas by majorities, and the French and German bishops have attested their sympathy by calling on Mr. Stross- mayer. The latest event in the Council, so far as it goes, was a little triumph for the Opposition. The Premium. of the revised Scheme on Rationalism was voted, not by a mere majority, but unanimously, or nearly so, on March 29, and not till it had again undergone important modifications, due to the timely intervention of Bishop Clifford. The amendment of Dreux Breeze, inserting an implicit recognition of Papal autocracy and infallibility, was withdrawn, the references to Protestantism which Strossmayer had attacked was omitted, and the Bishops were allowed to use the ancient formula defining subscript, implying their independent rights as judges of doctrine. The final voting on the first chapter of the Scheme was deferred in consequence of objections to the wording raised by the Opposition bishops, who demanded the substitution of Sancta Catholics Ecclesia for Sancta Bomana Ecclesia. The crucial question whether doctrines are to be voted by majorities is therefore still left in suspense. But it is understood that, if it is ruled in the affirmative, the Archbishop of Paris whose statesmanlike wisdom and high character make him really the heart and soul of the Opposition, though not perhaps the most conspicuous figure in it-will walk out of the Council at the head of all his supporters who have the firmness to adhere to their professed principles, protesting against his validity. And in this case, unless the Papal party succumb, it is difficult to see how an organized schism can be avoided. On the other hand, the Pope is said to contemplate abdicating, as Celestino Y. in 1294, after completing the twenty-fourth year of his Pontificate on June 16, if the dogma is carried, so as to secure the appointment of a younger successor of his own way of thinking. Cardinal Gilroy is the favourite of the Infalli lists. Meanwhile every machinery for literally buying up doubtful votes is being unscrupu- lously employed. A distinguished English prelate, before the opening of the Council, under, took to sound the Archbishop of Paris on his way to Rome, of course without effect. Some of the leading Opposition bishops have received warnings, both anonymous and signed against danger of poison, and have felt it right to adopt such precautions as they could. It is a significant fact, well known in Rome, that on the day Bishop Strossmayer made his second and most famous speech, on the need for decen- realization in the Church, thirteen new hands were added to the department of the Roman Post Office, devoted to the inspection of letters to suspected persons, one of them being a Croat. The leading men on the Opposition side, both bishops and others, are reported to complain bitterly of Dr. Newman's not coming forward at this crisis publicly to throw the immense weight of his name and influence into the scale. -J- ^.-*!.*($~¿Vfrj 