CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND MISSION. HOME EVENING MEETING. The public Meeting, held in the CongregatioEK.1 Chapel, Gawler, on Thursday evening, was begun by sieging, and prayer being offered by the Rev. Mr. Manthorpe. The Rev. C. J. Evans, the Pastor, ^explained that Mr. W. Duffield, M.P., who was to have taken ths chair, had . sent a telegram expressing regret at being detained in town on important matters connected with the Legislature. Mr. EVANS, who had then been requested to preside, said it would be his duty to make room for those who were to speak. There was no desire on their part for infringement upon the work of others. They looked upon other denominations as belonging to the same brotherhood—engaged in the -same work. The Church belonged to Him who made them and all the earth. It was the duty of the Church to till the •earth full of love, so that aU might be blended together in the beauty of unity. There might lie unity without uniformity, and this was to be accomplished by the love of Christ. He" would not say the position they occupied was the best, but they had a work to do, and they were doing it in the best way they could. He recognised the efforts of others, and wished them God speed. The Rev. Mr. RIBSON'. of Augaston, whose subject was " Personal Consecration to Christ," remarked that all men were called to be Christians, bought with the same price, had the same invitation " Follow Me," were His who had a right to each of them, and were bound to obey His will and commands. General Havelock's men, owing to their affection for and'confidence in him, -gladly went where he led. Man could not choose in this matter; for Christ would be glorified, either by the joyful service of His own people, or by those vessels of dishonour who did not obey hiin. The service of Christ was not unpleasant, although they might have to go through reproach and tribulation, for He wiped away tears and gave peace. He was no tyrant. His servants did not so fully realize the sweetness and blessedness of His service as it was their privilege to do. Christ called to activity, not only in their own obedience, but in leading others to Him. This was to be done, not by fear, but by setting before them the sweetness of peace in the enjoyment of religion. The best way to advance in consecration to Christ was by usefulness. The Sabbath-school teacher, the conductor of the Bible class, the visitor to the sick, all got good while doing good. Christ had placed them here for usefulness. There should be no idle Christians; the Saviour was never idle. They were the salt of the earth, and as the light from heaven, shedding a beneficial influence on all around. The Church must not be asleep. It was not necessary to have large talent or great wealth to be useful, for much might be accomplished quietly by following Jesus in kindness and love, keeping in view the reward promised, and not growing weary in well-doing. He concluded an eloquent address with prayer for the spread of love and usefulness. Mr. W. LEWIS, J. P., of Allandale, said it was something like presumption to say anything after the eloquent speaker to whom, they had listened. The topic given him was " Individual effort and personal responsibility." This rested not only on their ministers—good men and true —but on every member. There was the erroneous idea entertained by some that the responsibility of success rested solely on such as the deacons, who certainly had their responsi. bility in the •finances. The minister's stipend had to be raised, and people were apt to forget their part in the work. The same command was given to all—"Go, work." No one could withstand this. Fault was often found with the minister or deacons if they were absent • but members forget their own neglect, and that they often allowed trifles to interfere with duty. There should be a union of effort, each one doing his own part, and the whole blending in one work of usefulness. Each might do something. Those who could not do much might be taught by the Great Teacher, and instead of finding fault with the minister or the sermon they should pray. They wanted no more spiritual life. The Rev. C. MANTHORPE, of Glenelg, said it was rather singular he had almost forgotten there was to be a collection. He had thought he _ should be able to sit still, but the subject of Home Missions was mentioned, so he remembered, and collections and he always went tog-ether. They were Independents, because they believed each Church had powerto carry on its own work for Christ without control. They met in Unions to consider matters connected with their own Churches, and to afford assistance to those struggling under difficulties with the hope that they might become self- supporting. Various Churches had been assisted by the Home Mission Society. They raised annually £300, and asked for help. Foreign missions must be supported, but they need not interfere with home mission work. They had not said much about themselves that night—not because they were ashamed of their principles, but were satisfied^ in their own strength, and with these principles. They had no antagonism to other bodies, but, while doing their own work in their own way, rejoiced in the prosperity of others. After the collection and another hymn, The Rev. A. SCALES spoke on " The necessity of increased spiritual life in all our Churches." The subject was important, and required much thought. Generally there was a consciousness of the need of this life, but he feared it was not realized so fully by members as it ought to be, They did not receive and enjoy all the privileges and blessings they were entitled to. They did not fulfil the part of brethren and sisters. There was too much shyness, and therefore not so much spiritual help afforded to each other. There was more spiritual life needed in the pulpit. Ministers felt this; their labours were uot attended with the success they should be. Week- uight ser- vices were not so full of life as they ought to be. The same might be said of Sabbath-schools. There were not so many young gathered in as might be expected. How was this life to be obtained? Not by complaining. Those who complained most were generally the most cold. Religion must be shown in work done, and not only by the good received. It was a great blessing to any minister to see that his people were receiving this life, and its enjoyment would tell on all around. They heeded life within, or work would be mere formality. Might God grant this life to all of them. The Rev. E. GRIFFITHS, of Kensington, spoke at length on " The spread of Ritualism being a call to the Church to insist on the spread of spirituality of doctrine." Ritualism was opposed to the simplicity of the word and worship of God. The best way to avoid it was by retaining the Holy Ghost, and taking the Word of God as the guide. The proceedings were closed with the doxology and benediction. 