MAOLEAY BTVIR. (Pherb is a' ghost haunting tlie good people of Hempsey. It appears in the form of an old woman—tall, lean, and haggard. It lias appeared on tliree consecutive nights, to the great dismay «f Mr. Job Stanford, Mr. Francis M'Carthy, and another man. "Unlike most ghosts,"'says the Ivdepenient, '•' that are said to steal away like guilty creatures, it approached the jcuen, and its ghastly appearance and unearthly shrieks are jsaid to be such as to freeze one's blood and make the hair of your head stand perpendicular oi} jend. gome ycjirs^go, ijear the spot where the spectre appealed, resided {m old man and woman, who, so report has jt, lived a very unhappy-life; and the old woman died in a most wretched conT Edition. We cannot say wjietiier there is any .Analogy between this said old woman and the spectral vision seen by Mr. Stanford aud others, •jbut if such is the fact, the inference is that the X>ld dame jrishes the misdeeds of her cruel spouse to be kept fresh in the memory of his fellow men. £o sanguine -is Mjr. Stafford that he is laboring finder fix) .dchjsion that he is willing to point jout the place Jto anyone desirous .of viewing strange sights. J3eing of a nervous tempcra- $nent.ourselyes we decline the .offer, but would .advise those whose nerves are stronger to mako a visit to the spot and judge for theujselves." Dr. Belinfantehas been lecturing at the Schoo} ^tf Arts, Kcmpsey, with great success. A Wcsleyan •" c.amp meeting " is to be held at jEempsey, on the Queer's birthday, to comr jmence at 10.30 a.m." As Mr. A. Osborne, of Seven Gakes, in conir jany with another person, was going down the -river in a boat from Prederickton, the current .carried the boat .against the riyer .bank at Seven <£)ake,s, pear Mr. Henderson's old store, and upj set it, throwing both the occupants ijitp the stream. Mr. -Osborne succeeded iu getting ,oift, ..and .called for help for his companion, who was jiot so fortunate, but was drifting down the river jvith the boat—exiling out for help himself. Mr. Jlceyes, who lives on the opposite , side of the ?Lver, 3i<^ar4 the crjes, and ouce put off in jliipjioat to render assistance. The man, Iiow- .c-ycr, carried as for fis Mr. Ereriehs' by the xtreain, before he was rescued from his perilous ^ -position. ^Jjyiieii breugliton shore he appeared | -^o ;bedead. But proper restoratives being ap- ! Jibed Jie subsequently recovered. The road to Frederickton is again a perfect jsca of,water, fcom the rain.diiring the past weel>.. •Thiswill continue to be the case every winter, pausing sepous inconvenience to the public, and peing,verydetrimental to die health,of all who ;reside m tlie vicinity—unless the plains are (drilled. As fiu .apprentice of Sir A. M. Goleman, of Belgrave street, was assisting to jiut down a -tube \vellat the rear of his master's residence /)n Friday last, he carelessly placed his hand on jthe block put .on the top of the tube to prevent -,the thread of the joiut from being destroyed, •when the monkey came down upon it, smashing :the fore-finger .of .liis right band, and seyerely splitting the ini,ddle finger, _ On Saturday afternoon, Mr. Hogg, of Fredcr yickton, njet with a serious accident—a bullock idray -whed passing over his foot, and cutting -jthe' little toe clean off, besides very seriously bruising (iie pext one, •yhe .damage to the liiie at Blaclman's Point jhasnow been repaired; the posts which were pulled oijt of the ground bj' the enormous strain iupon them, liaye hail wire staj r s appended to ithem.- The line, however, is not yet at ij'ork, jpme portion ,of it still being down. 