. . .? 7 ." ". ....._ ' . . . . . THE STORY-TELLER. HOW WE PARTED. (Contiuued from 'Herald' oftay 28thsj. ' You may not be able to comne to nme,' I began protesting f-I was going on to say, 'but Ihope'you will always write to me if----' but \- she interrupted me.' '.- Iimay riot be able to come to yon .in the f: lesh,' she said emphatically ;:anti I answer ed- 'That is exactly what I meant but you will write ? ' .She nodded her beautiful lieadand s8iid, ' I prbmise that, in my-greatest trouble, I~ ill come. to0You,: Annette;,and ,ou, ol your part, promise that you will not shrink ' fror me.': o- y A ,-n .u on Ani interruption occurred just then, and we -never. renewed the subject.. .I tried to do so noioe than once, hoping that I should "wile her to cdnfess what vague itrouble' she direaded befalling her. but she always 'tuirned thle coorversation lightly, and I took- it: info my-head that.she was in -dangei- firom not loving lier huisbsind well enough, or from too well losing amnother man. That: 'her husband was nnworthy. of her love I most firmly. believed; not from what she said, but from what she did not say. She rarely mentioned him- never unless a direct question concerning him forced her to speak; and then the men tion was of the briefest, coldest description.' 'Annette,' she said to me one day, when we were sitting alone, talking over our school girl days. 'have you a blue dress trimmed about the body and sleeves with Christmas roses .' " NW'-I said, laughinga; 'lhaven't you f?or goiten my ghliostly visitation to you yet ? You dreamt I wore such a diess then, didn't ydu i' She nodded asserit. Dear, dear, what old women we are get ting, Milly,. that wasseven years ago, and we had our first ball befoie us still; you were. a s Iph and I was a fairy in those days. Now see what I hiave becoime-rather a buxom matron.' And see what I have become,' she' said drearily; 'orratlier don't see if you can avoid it. No, I haven't forgotten that ghostly visita tioh, and I never shall forget it.' SHiush I' I whispered, ' here comes my hus ihnd; he laughs att all superstition; I shouldn't like him to know that I had been accused of playing bogic to a select audience; and never a word before my little people, please, Milly. I won't have their nerves shaken. Milly Danvers stayed in England .hut eight months; then ?she re-embarked -br Iidia 'whichlIshall probably ?.rser leave again,' she said sadly. - SDoes the climate try you so very much P' I aiked anxiously. : .Cruelly! cruelly!' she said .-warmly; I \- nn't live there long.' 'Does Captain.Danvers know. this ?' I asked indignantly... . " -- . " ' .es, dear cshampioi of mine, she said, af fectionately. ';Why else should he wish me back ?"' she said curling, her lip a little; of course he knowsit. Captain Danvers would not miss me ,' Oh. yes,he wonld .' I interrupted hastily, her tone was so desparately desdairingly, that I could not bear it. Oh, yes, he would! why else should he wish you to go back to him?' 'Because no questions are asked, either about gradual decay, or sudden death there,' she said; and then she peremptorily decreed that nothing more should be said about it, "WYe parted very soon after this, and when I heard from her that she had arrived in their cantonment in the Niadras Presidency safely, the gloomy impression left upon my mind by our last interview faded away. Her letter was, us un ual, filled with accounts of balls and all kinds of gaieties, and I naturally concluded that, as she was able to participate in all these things, she had exorcised the morbid spirit w hiche had posaession of her while she was in England. Months. passed away, and Christmas-tide was upon: us. We had arranged a juvenile party on the occasion of our eldest child's seventh birthday, and, in decking out my little men and women, and arranging my rooms, I oveilooked that usually important matter myown toilette. A couple of days before our juvenile ball, I laughingly told my husband of my dilemma. SI haven't a hall dress fresh enough to wear in honour of our little Milly,' I said to him, 'and really I have no time to go to my dress maker.' 'I 'will go and order you one; leave it to me, Annette,' he replied; and I agreed to do so, on!y slipulating that he should not make me too fine, and that he should avoid pink, -The night of little Milly's ball arrived in due season; and fatigued with my exertions, I went up to my dressing-room, determined urpon.resting until it was time for me to dress. My robe had not come honmtg t coul- d _rely o"-- 1s hir r-a-. oe honour-she had -said that it should be home by half-past ,ight at the latest, and I knew that she ?wi. . .ep her word. Feeling t sy ; TIr- feel asleep, and slet a t ,s? ieep of spome hour and S f. en I awoke, and found my dress alid out ready for me to put on, and my maid waiting to do my hair. 'It's one of the prettiest dresses Madame Varcoe has ever made for you,' my maid said, asI cast a glance towards the bed, 'a most delicate rich blue, trimmed with the loveliest Christmas roses..' Strange as it may appear-at least, strange as it does appear to me now-I gave no thought at the time to the coincidence between my actual dress and the dress.of Milly Deane's d!ream. My head was full of other thipgs, and memory was effectually put to flight by tihe entrance of my three little girls, vocifer ously declaring 'that I should be late, and that it seemed as if people were never'comning.' But the little guests came all in good time, and enjoyedthemselves almost as much as I did advisedly, for that must be the happiest ball fora woman which she organizes for the first time for her eldest child. At any rate, I can imagine no higher Terpsichorean happi iiess than this. Yet the day has been (not--so very long ago'either) when I enjoyed a ball as gaily as the gayest. It was over at last. and when I had seen my pleased and sleepy children safely into their respective beds, I went slowly to my own room, and sat down by the fire to wait for my husband. I had told -my maid that I would dispense with her services, and so I sat alone, and pleased myself with recalling the little ebullitions of childish pleasure which I had witnessed that night. My husband was down in his stndystill, looking through the evening rapers, the late editions of which had been neglected by hlim ii his endeavours to contri buite to. the little people's entertainment. It. must have been about two o'clock in the morn ing, when I roused my.*elf firom my cheerful reverie,' and stood up to commence my pre parations'for retiring for the night. The chair I h~d beena occupying was a large ximassive carved oak one,.lihh a :very high back. As I stood up, i-became conecious, .:withoutseeing anything, that some one was leaningr on the back, anrd thinking, that it must be my husband. I ~said quietly, 'You. have come at last, dear:?' . ' At last,' a very oft voice whispered-' breathed rather'; and then I 'turned startled, and'san nothing on the spot frpm whentce the 'oice had proceeded. A nameless horor, a dreadful fear possessed 'me. I could not cry.out, even in mny agoy of fear I revolted against doing that; When I could move-and for a few m0oments I .was quite unable to do so-my impuile wias to get nearer to the gas. which was low, anid turn on :-. a"brighter light. I had 'two amps in my room, glts 4jeitbe side of my-cheval glass and as I reached up to turn on a higher light, I caught sight of myselt. I was just in such- a dress as Milly had described me as wearing when she saw me, or fancied that she saw me, or dreamt that she saw me. Sick ynd horrified, and chilred with arni more than mortal dread, I- staggered back to. .my chair, and buiied my face in my ihaids. Something Stwept softly up to me from adarker, corner of the room, swept softly ip and stood' be'side my chair. I felt the air grow heavier, as :occupied air does grow. I heard low breath ings; some one-was bending over me nearer and nearer, Then the breathings formed them selves irito words, into a word rather, and I heard my own name murmured distinctly, 'Annette. Annette,' and I knew thatit was niuriiiured in Milly Danvers' voice. -I shuddered, and tried to look up. I took :my hands down from before my face, and strove to lift aiy eyes~-and strove in vain. I could not do it. I-had a dread of being so aiwfuliy frightened that I might never recover it. That Milly Danvers was standing close to me I was well assured. But I was also well assured that-it was not Milly Danvers in :the flesh. Then I remembered the words that she had spoken to me. 'I will promise to come:to: you in. the.greatest trouble of my life,' she had said; and I felt, as her words flashed back upon me, that my firiend must be in fearful trouble. Again the impalpable presence spoke, SAnnette, remember the hour! note it!' Shiveringly, shudderingly, I raisedmy eyes at last, and there. gliding away into the shade by the side of the bed, I saw a slight frail form. Instantaneously I turned to my clock. The hour hand stood at three, the minute hand at five minutes past twelve. I grasped the bell, 'all my soul within mne sink ing,' and rang such a peal as quickly brought my husband to my side, Then, with no hesitation, with no dreadof being laughed at and called superstitious (the time for thefear ofthat was over), I told him the whole of the story which I have written down' here, When I had quite finished, he asked me what I thought, what I feared, and what I deduced from all I had seen and heard. He did- not taunt me, .as I had once taunted poor. Milly' by calling it dreaming. That it was a portent, and that it boded ill to my friend, .I was firmly convinced, and he was willing to allow. But I was madlyimpatient to test the truth of my convictibir;and -he wai calmly contented to wait and abide the issue. . I wrote to Milly the following day, and I got no- iaiswer.>I---wrvte again, and my second letter r--aid the fate of my first one. Then I gave up the attempt to elucidate whatever of mystery there was in the affair, and trid. to forget it-and could not. Just twelve months after this, I was spend ing the Christmas week, together. with my husband, at the house one of his married sis ters, in the country. We arrived just in time to dress for dnner, and in the brief interval between my going up to my room, for that purpose, and being joined by my husband, my sister-in-law came to speak to me for a minute, 'We have a goodly party dining here to-day, Annette, she said, hurriedly, just looking in at the door. ' Have you? unpleasant person ; when I am almost too tired to dress, and make a good impres sion,' I replied laughing. 'You made a good impression on dune of the party, at least, many years ago,' she said. 'Cap tain Danvers expressed the greatest pleaure at meeting you again.' 'Captain Danvers I is he here.'. - 'He is, with his wife,' she said. shutting the door, and running off; and I was left aldne. re peating to myself' His wife ! Then Milly is not dead !' These were tho first words that I uttered when my husband came into the room. He sympathized -with my emotion and agitation, and did not reprove me for conjecturing all man ner of wild improbabilities. ' Can she have taken a dislike to me ?' I kept on asking. 'Can he be such a wretch as to forbid her holding any communieation with her old friend, who really loves her ? What can have prevented her writing to me?' ' I.dare say you will hear before evening is over, Annette,' he said kindly; and then we dressed, and went down to dinner. I recognized Captain Danvers the instant I got into the drawing-room. He was consider. ably altered; still I knew him at a glance. He was paler, if possible. than he had been of yore ; his hair and eyes were more (or seemed the more) intensely black than ever. He was only a peculiar looking man, Ifound, instead of the very handsome and distinguished man I had once thought him. Impulsively I looked round the room. Milly was not there. Impulsively I went up to him, and asked, as I took his oftered hand ' Where is your wife 2' 'She will be here in a few moments,' he an swered smiling his old bhrilliantly flashing smile ; and the vague throbbing at my heart ceased. She was alive, and she was here ! That was sufficient for me. I curbed my impatifnce and stood still, watching the door.-- - Two or three ladies, strangers to me, entered the room aw,u -'-ml rent after, my broth' t law asked a gentwlqeaE - -?ei~ -downto din ner. We &1 went down. Captain Danvers as Po-_ e opposite side of the table, at some little di-tance from me. I looked round.the table, and Milly was not there. The dinner that day seemed to be an endless affair to me. I felt angry with my sister-in law, and thought that she was sitting an un conscionably long time. My neighbor was a prosy country squire, a pompous, rich, inflated, ignorant creature of the type who believe that outside his own lands and his own interests is space, and nothing more, ' Have you seen Mrs. Danvers yet ?' I asked him; and he shook his head,andsaidhe'haven't - even heard of her.' 'She is the wife of Captain Danvers, that gentleman opposite to you,' I said, quickly, 'I don't call on any of the regiments that are quartered about my place, he said lpompously. 'Captain Danvers is only just home from India. I believe,' I explained. 'Ah !' he said, indifferently; and then he drank some hock, and looked duller than be-: fore. Failing to gainany information from him, made me naturally the more impatient t6 ask our hosteps where Mrs. Danvers was. I went-to her (sister-in-law) the moment we got into the drawing- room. Where is Mrs. Danvers,' Isaid; i she is my dearest old friend, and' I'm longing to see her.' 'You might have renewed your acquaintance at the table, then, surely,' she said, pointing out a fair, prctty'young women whom I had observed sitting very near to me at dinner. \- That Mrs. Danvers I impossible i' ' But the truth, notwithstanding, she said, laughing, ' she is a bride, and abeauty;, and al together rather an acquisition to my Christmas party, I consider. - I was almost stunned at the revelation of Milly's death True, I had beenprepared forit for a long time previous, but this evening hope had. been renewed, and it was hard to have it extin guished again. Very, very sorrowfully I thought of her, and of her untimely fate. Very eagerly did I desire to learn how, and Wvhen, and where Milly had died. It roused my ire, when the men came in, that Captain ]anvers should come sauntering up to me suanrely and smilingly. 'Just as if nothing had happened,' I told myselfindignantly. 'Now, at last, I can renew iny acquaiuntance -my very pleasant acquai~ntance with you,' lhe began, but I cot himshort at dnce, by saying ' Captain Danvers, wvhen did Milly die ?" 'Last Christmas Eve,' he said, still smiling. At five minutes past three ?' I nsked'agerly, and he said-- \- Yes.' And as he said it the two ghostly episodes which eomnnected the three (Milly, Captain Dan vers, and myself) together, stood out like bodily presences before my eyes. My story is finished. Call it a ghost story,"a fable, or fancy-what you will. I can only de clare that the spiritual visitations actually oc curred. Milly's fate was never cleared up. She died, we learnt afterwards, after a long tedious illness which defied the medical skill that was called in, nearly at the last, by her philosophi cally calm husband Captain Danvers. -(Concludeud.) 