Pedestrian Gossip. Of course " Chumpkins" was on the Albert Ground, on Saturday, but he was'nt the only member of his family present, there being any number of chumps there, eagerly embracing every opportunity of walking money out of their pockets. The sports were very good, and Fred Woodhouse, is about as fine a walker as over performed in the colony. Considering that he had no training, he did remarkably well, and I cannot say too much against the bad taste displayed by Foster and Baker, in endeavor- ing to get him disqualified. Fisher looked very danger- ous at one time in the race, but Charley's not quality enough for a walker like Woodhouse. He, however, did his best, and well deserved the second money. The 150 yards roces wore very closely contested, but whot has running come to when Fyke can givo some of our athletes 16 yards in 150 and then " dress thom down." 'Tis simply awful, and those aspiring " peda" might well bo ashamed of themsnlros. The 440 yards race was spoiled by the absence of tho scratch man, but eaoh division produced a fine race, the final heat being well worth witnessing. What shall I say of tho great walk-was it " square" or " crooked" ? Who knows ? Blest if I do ; but tho general publie expresa a very decided opinion about it. Tho first milo was walked in 7min 14seo, and as Baker was fully 50 yards behind, we must reokon his time as being about 7min 24sec. I need hardly say that ho ought to walk a milo in considerably bettor time than that. Anyhow I have onco moro to chroniclo another unsatisfactory ending to a private match, and I have now but little hope that professional pedestrians will over regain their ¡ popularity with tho sporting public. The lato walking matoh between Lyall, the Victorian champion walker, and Baker, the champion of New South Wales, was expeotod to be a glorious contest. Both men were said to be very fit, and Baker informed several of his friends that "ho never felt so well, and made suohfast time in his trials." When they were walking, I could see with half au eye that Baker was not the Baker we had so often seen performing on tho Albert Ground.' Ho started off very clumsily, bending his back more than I ever saw bim do before ; he walked more like an old woman than a man who had walked seven miles in about 56 minutes 50 seconds, and before they had gone a quarter of a mile it was a moral for Lyall. There was a marked absence of dash in Baker's walking j he laboured immensely, and remembering the terriGo spurt he put on in the last 200 yards in his match with Toploy, I was struck with sur- prise that ho did not answer to Foster's entreaties " to put it on, there's a good lad." He walked a duffer from end to end, never having o ghost of a chance. He was only half fit, too, and tho way in which the perspiration poured out of him before be had travelled any distance, shows that he must have been grossly negleoted in his training. Touching the time, I may say that in tho walking tournament on the Albert Ground, on Boxing Bay, 1869, Cleary had 50 yards start in the mile event, and won it by that distance in the unprecedented time of 7min lOsecs, or four seconds faster than the race of Saturday last. I have seen Baker give Cleary 120 yards start in three miles, and catch him at two, wherefore I think ho did not, through some cause of other, show his best form on Saturday. It is only an act of common justice towards him to state his "trial time" on the Randwick Road was 14min 34sec, and that Lyall's time for the mile was fully equal to it, moro especially when we remember that races on the turf are always slower than those that take place "on the road." Perhaps the appended tables will be found interesting, and tho reader will observe that in several of tho lops in the eovon miles match, Baker has rnado some wonderfully fast time, considering the distance he had to travel, and that ho would never be at his " top," until the last few laps. The following ii the timo for tho various laps (quarter mile), on Saturday last : Lap. Min. Sec. Lap. Min. Sec 1:.. .. . 1 531 4. 1.6» 2\. 1 27 5. '.. Ü 0 .8. .... 1 551 '. The reader will observe that this is not Baker's time, he being 10 yards or so in the rear evory lap ; and being about ten seeonds behind the time in the last lap of the mile. In the seven miles walking match between Hamilton and Baker, which took place on the 9th of November, on tho Albert Ground, the following are the quickest laps. ' It must not be overlooked that tho heat and dust was something dreadful, and that had the day been a moro pleasant one, the men would havo made Lap. Min. Sec Lap. Mia. Seo. 21.... 2 o ¡ SS. 2 0 20\. ... 2 14 27. .. 1 58 28\. - . 1 581 : On the 11th of Docornber, tho same mon met again at a similar distance, and the following was about tho best time : Lap.. Min. Sec. Xap. Min. Sec. 1... .. ... .. .. 1 «1 25. 2 I 2... .. 1 67Ï 25. . 2 0 3.. .. ... .. .... 1 69Î 27. 2 0 4.. . .. : .-. ." a 2J 28.. .. . 1 69 1'here -were several book-keepers and dorks pre- sent, in the 'orowd on Saturday last, as well aa a Ledger,, and tho latter made a regular nss of himself, rushing about the ground, brandishing what he said was a " fi" pun note," offering to bnok BiJly Baker ; he also etated that "if Billy Baker lost tho match he would not have as muoli money.left as would pay for a pipe- light.'-* . The trainers were in a fearful state of ex- citement ; ono of them was conspicuous for tho manner in which be encouraged his man, cheering him onward, and waving in front of him one of Mr Cochrnne'a best samples of a "beaver." He persisted in doing this, notwithstanding that some philanthropic individual called out, "take him home, don't worry him." " Take tho blessed big man off the ground," was tho .mild remark from another person. Tho other trainer rushed about in all directions, frantically exclaiming, " there's a walker for you," and offering to lay £1000 to ls aboutit. I was going to take half-s-crown's worth at that price, but never got an opportunity of speaking to him. He also chanted "I'm. bound to win when I go in-Tommy Dodd," whioh song appears to bo rather a favourite with him. Seriously speaking, however, both trainers made themselves conspicuous by their excitement, whioh was very unbecoming of men, who, of all others, ought to keep themselves cool and collected. I have new said all I.have to say in connection with the late sports, and I hope that Lyall and Woodhouse will give us a tasto of their quality on the Otb. Victorians ought to bo proud of two euoh fine walkers. Isn't it a rather significant fact just now, Bell, that Bird and Ford have made a three mile match for £50 asido, to take place at Newcastle on the 14th inst., the latter receiving 275 yurds start. I'll lay a little money that the Englishman will never run three milos ; he won't take the troublo to train. I regret Very much to hear that Fiddick is not doing very well; he ia suffering from a eevere cold, and his party think they will forfeit the money already deposited. This is' a great pity, as a great race would have resulted. How- ever, if Fiddick cannot get himself into trim, it's no use making good the last deposit. I hope that, tho matoh will come off, as good matches have lately been vory scarce. OHUMPKLNS. i THE Aiaénr SroBTS ON THE PEDJCB OP WAXES BIBTUUAY.-In our advertising oolumns will bo found tbs full programme of the athletic! sports tb take placo on the Albort Ground, on the 9th November. It requires very little notice from us, aa its merits speak for itself, and we trust that tho committee will be well supported by tho public. As over £60 is giren in prizes, pedestrians cannot complain that they have been neglected, and. wo have every reason to behove that the entry will be un- usually large. PEDESTRIAN IUTHOUBB.-During the week, rumours were afloat to tho effect that Braithwaite and Higgins had made a match, but it hos turned out to be incorrect. The friends of the former wore willing to make a match, but Biggins, through some cause or other, could not take him up. We understand that Braithwaite can bo backed to run Harris a 150 yardi race, if tito latter will stake £300 to £200. Braithwaite is said to be looking excellently well, and is in rare buckle- for commencing .'work, bis health having been entirely renovated. COÜLTEB v. KKABDON.-A hundred yards race' came off in tho Domain on Tuesday last, for £3 aside, between tho obovo peds. Coulter, who waa the smartest at gettiug away.'won very easily by about 3 yards. ,W. LYAM AND H. BOUIIKB.-A spurt of 100 yards, took place in the Domain, between Lyall,'tho celebrated walker, and Burke, for£l asido, on Monday, evening last. Both got off together, and Burke soon showed in front, but at about 20 yards frome homo. Lyall went up to him,' and both knocked together, wbon Burke fell, Lyall, there- fore winning easily. :BIBD ANS Foim.-A match, which is likely to create a groat amount of excitement, wes made on Monday evening , at Mr Lister's, tho Ship Inn, between Alfred Bird, the : champion one mile, runner of England, and Edward Ford, the ono milo amateur champion of Vio tori«. Tho distance to be run is threo moasured railer, j Bird giving Ford 275 jurds start; »nd the stakes are £50 j aside. The _ first deposit «as placed in Mr laster's I hands, he being appointed stakeholder on Monday night. Tho second deposit is to be made on Monday next, and tho final ono on tho night of tho 12th November. Mr O. IT. Unnnell lins kindly consented to oct as judge, and Mr Beoston as sturter. Tho race, wa understand, is to ! came off on the Newcastle Cricket Ground, on t he 14th November. Ford, who has the appearance of . being ovory inch a runnor, will go into training nt Maitland, ond he will bo an ugly opponent for Bird, who will train at tho Borehole. Bird has now boen a rosident in Aus- tralia for some time, and may be he has, by this time, lost some of his English mottle; however, time will show. 