UNDER THE SPELL. OHATTER T.VTT. BI TBEDEEICK WILLIAM EOBINSON. WHEN there is no radical disease, and little more to be desired in the way of happiness, one soon recovers frond prostration. Take the sting from the wound, and the weight from the heart, and life and love will return : life gladdened by the love that purifies and exalts. Edmund Lanceford returned to London with his wife, and began the life which Cicely Mernott had prophesied; with resolutions to amend, not the leiss strong that they escaped from his lips—that had been made after much real contrition and agony of spirit, and which were likely to endure. He changed his house in St. John's Wood for one nearer Mrs. Lanceford's, at which house Kitty and he made frequent visits and met Nathan occasionally. Nathan Lanceford seemed the only un settled spirit now—the only one who, midst the trials and temptations ended for ever, had not sobered down. He had not performed before the public since the events at Harwich; he appeared to have little wish to return to the scene of his former triumphs Willie, following a profession opposed as il were to his—for the pulpit and the stage are not yet in alliance—began, to hope that Nathan had growu tired of bis hobby, and was inclined to abandon it for a life more earnest, until Nathan convinced him to the contrary by an assertion similar to that which he had made to Miss Mernott in the hour of their parting. '" I swerve not from the shrine because there is a falser atmosphere round it than my sanguine temperament deemed," he said. " I am only more anxious to dispel the mists that encompass it. True as the steel to the loadstone, Willie, and there is no drawing me away." Was he true as steel in another direction also ? Did he still dream of what might be in the years that lay before him ? and across the seas was there another shrine at which he longed to worship ? It appeared so, for six months after the reunion of Edmund and Kitty he came to bid all friends adieu, and to state his intention of leaving England for a while. Those friends did not inquire very deeply into his motives—the mind of Nathan made up was not to be shaken. It was possible to disturb it by opposition, but to turn it from the project on which it was set was beyond the power of them all. Edmund might have guessed at the true reasons for his journeying, for he wished him success in all his projects abroad, and in everything he undertook, with a voice that faltered somewhat; for Edmund was sorry to part with him also—a new affection had replaced the old that had been spoken of between them, one that was deep and lasting, if unspoken. Nathan's efforts at atonement in devoting himself to the true ess of bis • brother, Edmund could value now at their just worth; and for that last act that had rescued his wife from despair, snatched her back to the new life, and saved him from the consequences of his sin, he was ever grateful. Nathan went away with every one's best wishes, and Willie and Edmund were the last to wave their hands towards him as the steam-ship bore him far across the sea. God speed him ! " said Edmund, when the ship was a dot on the waters, and he and his brother were still standing on the quay; "will he find new hopes in the new land, I wonder ? " " Not yet awhile—perhaps never." " Still he will be happier there, Willie." " True." That was the only allusion made between the brothers to Nathan's object in leaving England. Each understood the other, and the subject was one to be lightly touched upon. The wounds were healed, but the retrospect was painful; and Edmund shivered as he took his brother's arm and walked away. "It is cold at the water's edge," said Willie, ever ready to offer an excuse for another's weakness; and Edmund pressed his arm, but replied not. Still another of those characters who have flitted before us in these pages, thinking of life beyond the land where many troubles bad been borne. Still another desiring to be quit of England, as if the new land were haven from all the cares and troubles experienced in the old. Prudence Gurnett wavered, however, after much entreaty on the part of Mrs. Lanceford; for one year more she consented to remain Mrs. Lanceford's companion, whilst Willie was busily engaged iu those duties that every day became more onerous. And Willie applied himself with extraordinary vigour to his duties. It was not a vigour that died out, or grew weak; and a clergyman with a strong sense of what is his duty has little time to spare. The poor, the sick, the mentally afflicted, had his care; and, with his princely fortune to aid him, there was every opportunity to work much good iu the by-lanes and alleys where his name was reverenced. For one so young his energy was remarkable. People prophesied that he must flag in the race—at such a pace he would exhaust himself and sink. It was only an impulse, people of the same wise orded added. He lad had much to blight hiB life, and he wished to drive away stern memories. By an accident he had killed his father; by a mistake he had fallen in love with a cousin, who had jilted him; and as those events grew less vivid in his recollection, he would evince less perseverance amongst the clasB removed from his. But people prophesy vainly every day; and Willie Lanceford stood his ground. Whether the stern memories, or the hard work kept him pale and grave, is doubtful; both might have had a share in it, in the first few months that he left his mother principally, to Miss Gurnett's care. There was s change for the better in him. after that time; and a change for the worse in Prudence Gurnett. Not in her looks, for the olive,' skin had hut possessed the £aintest tinge of colour at the best of times, and its absence was not immediately remarked. It wap observed by Mrs. Lanceford that she vms looking ill ; the face seemed thinner, and' the dark eyes more large; but she did not question her young companion on her health, till a certain abstraction of manner Roused her woman's sympathy. And then Prodenoe* tras veiy well, and had nothing to compUih of. Mrs. Lanceford had her word for it, aitd Prudence was ever ruthful. MM. Lanceford couldbiit detect a change, m n her, however '; for 'there mis a restlessess, almost a peevishness in her manner t i that was new to her habits. Mrs: Lanceford communicated her suspicions to Willie that Miss Gurnett had something on her mind; and Willie, who feared perhaps a little misunderstanding between Prudence and his mother might have occurred to trouble her,—not that he could recollect any readiness to take offence on the part of his old tutor's daughter—resolved to seek the fountain head at once, and solve the mystery. He was not accustomed to waste time over his plans, and tbe morning following that on which his mother had given voice to her fears, he sought an interview with Prudence. "Miss Gurnett, I have come to ask a favour." " I dare say I shall not refuse it, Mr, Lanceford." "I wish to know, with your old frankness, if anything has occurred between ihy mother and yotaself'^bniake your position irksome in this house ? " • " With my old frankness," repeated Prudence. "Has Mr. Lanceford missed any proof of sincerity in me then?" "No, no, Miss Gurnett," said Willie hastily; " you misunderstand me. I desired to express that you have changed somewhat —that your thoughts are deeper, and do not show themselves upon the Burfaoe quite so often. I have my mother's word for these remarks. I am sure you will believe that Mrs. Lanceford is concerned to see this change." "Life is full of changes, Mr. Lanceford," was the reply. " If I have altered somewhat, it is as beyond my power to return to my past self as to the past days." " But there is a reason " " Well, there is !" She hesitated for so long that Willie said— " Understand me, Miss Gurnett, I have no desire to pry into your secrets—I have certainly no right. I only feared that a misconception might possibly have arisen, which a few words from my mother or myself might clear." "Tour mother is all that is good and kind; and I am not a child to take offence at a careless word, even if a careless word were likely to be spoken. Surely Mr. Lanceford knows me better than that!" she added, a little indignantly. "Miss Gurnett, you object to compliments, or I would give you the estimate of your character," said William Lanceford, with a smile. Miss Gurnett reflected again; then looking up suddenly, said— ' I will tell you, sir. At a later period there will be no avoiding explanations—why should I defer the evil day ? " The evil day!—what evil day was loom' ing in the distance now, to stand between the Lancefords and the gleam of sunshine that had lately fallen on their path ? " You will remember, Mr. Lanceford, my consent to remain one year with your mother as companion. Do you not think I may have some little regrets at parting with her when that time expires ?" " At parting with her!" exclaimed Willie, in astonishment; "my dear Miss Gurnett, is it absolutely necessary to part? " "It is necessary," murmured Prudence. Willie had not thought of parting with Miss Gurnett again. He belived all her arguments had been finally overcome, and that she had settled down for his mother's companion for once and aye. It was strange to think of her going away now, and leaving mother and son to regret her absence. It had been better that she had left them at Marwich, and never been induced to stay. " This is news of a coming loss indeed," murmured Willie. "I am deeply grieved hear of this determination. To my mother, who has learned to love you, to whom you are as a daughter, I cannot conjecture how this news will pain her.'' " I have been struggling hard to .defvise a means to make the parting an every day one. I think—I hope—she • will not attach any importance to my going. If she will only consider me as the companion of one year, who has fulfilled her duties pretty well, and is going abroad to better her position, I shall be very glad." " It is impossible that she can thiuk so coldly." "And if you," she added, "will break the news too, and save me the pain of again explaining my wishes and intentions, I shall be still further indebted. It is a painful task for me," she added, with a faint smile, " and it will be conferring a favour on your old friend's daughter.^ " But, Miss Gurnett, you offer not one reason for your going. In your fixed determination to deprive us of a dear and valued friend, you are silent on the cause that leads you to abandon us." " There are many reasons," she added, in an embarrassed manner, " and they are difficult of explanation. A want of love for your gentle mother is not amongst them. Mr. Lanceford, you will assure her of that?" "You may rely upon me," answered Willie; "but 03 Miss Gurnett, if you would only give me one reason, I might combat it, and keep you here to grace our home, and be my mother's friend." "You cannot combat'my reason, sir, I feel assured." "Will you offer it, and give me leave to try?" "If you wish it, and will be silent." Willie promised that, and waited for Miss Gurnett's next remark with some anxiety! "Iam not happy!" There was no conquering that grim truth, and Willie was unprepared to meet it. He could not beg her to stay against her peace of mind; he could offer no inducement that should be of value after that assertion. Still, he did not like to retire from the lists wholly defeated. " But will that happiness be found abroad which you miss here ? Is that want of happiness fairly to be attributed to your life withus?" "Yourmother and you havedonep.ll in your power to make me happy," said IHiss Gurnett; "and with love and gratitudeeven regret—I shall look back to the shelter of this quiet home." " Miss Gurnett, I. have found the due!" exclaimed Willie, suddenly. Prudence changed colour and trembled, and looked for a moment at the young curate with an expression of dismay, "It is the false pride—you will pardoii e, but it is pride, and it is of a false naure—that deceives yon, which has shown tself eo often, and has turned from &s; and our offers when we have least expected it, JLhe pride that lesists a kindness from .Lanceford." ;; Your father " began Prudence. , " ffy father was forgiven on his death bed, interrupted Willie, with some energy. You must not taunt me with that father'i errors now; it is not fair to me, nor just to you. All the past should not be treasured up so keenly, and all the present affection that we bear you so wholly set aside." "You taunt me with brooding on the past," cried Prudence, warmly; " knowing my story, can you forget whose child I am? " . would forget it all, and have you for a Bister,—friend." " It cannot be." " Miss Gurnett, this solution to the mystery, I confess, is a surprise. It is late in the day to revive the subject, ended, as I had hoped, for ever. You will go away, and we have no more power by our love to stay you than to fulfil the last wishes of my father, declared in his will, and uttered with his dying breath." "Will you leave me now, Mr. Lanceford?" Willie could remain no longer after her request. Had he continued to remain, and she to listen, what further arguments had he to urge ? To speak of his mother's love for her, his own esteem, his father's dying words, was but to render her more decisive in her purpose. He had never known her so obdurate as in that hour. Willie chose his own time for breaking the news to his mother, and the sorrow she expressed at the tidings he communicated was sure evidence of the love she bore the tutor's daughter. Mrs. Lanceford felt her pride a little wounded, also, although she concealed the evidence thereof from her son, and evinced it not to Miss Gurnett to pain her for a single instant during the remainder of her stay. She had fancied Prudence's love for her was something beyond the common order, that she had gained her confidence, won largely upon her rich affection, and she was painfully deceived. Miss Gurnett was going away, was counting anxiously the hours that intervened between the present and her day of freedom. In no spirit of reprisal, but with that gentleness which had always been a feature in her character, Mrs. Lanceford suggested to Prudence that however deeply she might feel her absence, and however anxious she might be to retain her by her side, Miss Gurnett had only to express a wish to end her stay before the expiration of the year. " I am not so eager to escape from all your kindness, dear madam," answered Prudence, with a quivering lip. So Prudence remained, and time grew less and less! She seemed to study hard to prove by every means her love for her companion, and her regret at leaving her, although she wavered not in her fixed intention to depart, f And the last month of her stay, which was a trial to Mrs. Lanceford and Prudence that there was no disguising, was an ordeal of more pain to Willie Lanceford. He had never recovered the shock of her revelation ; but when her sojourn beneath his mother's roof was to be counted by days, his excitability and irritation were almost too much for his command. He could assign no reason for it, save that he was sorely vexed at her intentions and firmness, save that hers had become a pleasant face to gaze at in his home, and one that would be missed for ever. He could scarcely imagine the time was soon to come when he should return home from his ministerial duties and see the chair unoccupied in which Bhe used to sit, or find her no more couched at his mother's feet, with the mother's hand resting fondly on her raven braids of hair. And then to miss that smile which always welcomed him, the ring of the voice, the pleasant conversations in spare evenings, and in the holidays at his great house in Dorsetshire, which she had shared last summer with his mother and himself. They were all to vanish away, and leave no trace save a few water-colour drawings, and some pieces of fancy-work, to be left as remembrances that would give more pain than pleasure, knowing whose work they were. He tried to oonquer his weakness, but it was beyond his power. His brain grew more troubled and his pulse more feverish with every day. Even his labour amongst the poor, that had been a pleasant duty, became wearisome to him, with all his thoughts bent on her he had left at home. He was glad to curtail those duties in his selfishness, and. hurry home for one more long evening at her side, before she went away. And that last long evening, ever memorable to him, told at a future day to those sons and daughters with which God blessed his after-marriage, came at length, and mother, eon, and companion sat down together with pale faces by the fireside. It waB early in the spring, but the winter lingered long that year, and the nights were piercing cold still. There had not been many words exchanged that night; each was silent, and inclined to brood. A few trite remarks, forgotten as soon as hazarded, and but spare allusion to separation on the morrow. She was to leave at an early hour to catch the train for Liverpool, where the vessel awaited her that was to cany her to New Zealand, a country in which some distant relations of Miss Gurnett had resided for many years, farming profitably, and saving money. There was a cold wind out that night, and they could hear it soughing down the street, and rattling the casements of the windows, and choking in the chimney. The gas might have burned less brightly, and the fire flickered with a more unearthly glare; and the three watchers thereat have been the ghosts of their former selves for the life within them or around them. And Willie, sitting by the fire and watching its fitful light, looking askance at Prudence, and fearing to glance again at the pale face and downcast eyes, had the secret of his life whispered unto him. In that hour he learned everyjreason that had disturbed him, and made his heart ache ; and he felt (hat if she passed from him, there went away, never to retufri, the last hope of William Ernest Lanceford. Prudence was anxious to end one painful task that night—that of bidding adieu to Mrs. Lanceford; but she had twice essayed it in vain. Still Prudence Gurnett seldom lpt her resolves prove too strong for her; an extra amount of courage and a whisper to herself to keep firm at thejast and (hen the third effort was successful, n i p f i h " It is getting late," she said, glancing at the gilt time-piece before her, " and I have some little preparations to make in my own room that may detain me longer than I think. I must summon courage to say good-bye now, my dear mistress, companion, —mother ? " It was not like Miss Gurnett's usual manner to lose her composure and raise the hand of Mrs. Lanceford to her lips and kiss it passionately; but partings such as hers were not of everyday. " Dear Prudence, not "to-night the last farewell, and the words that are to separate us; not to-night my thanks for all your kindness, unselfishness, and love." " To-morrow I leave early—before five," murmured Prudence. " I shall see you to- morrow," was Mrs. Lanceford's answer. "Then Mr. William must receive my adieux," she said, with a forced smile; "I must not defer all my partings till the morning, and go away in my cab a red-eyed, fretful-looking woman." "_I shall accompany you to the railwaystation." "But " "Miss Gurnett, I have said it!" cried Willie sharply. He could restrain that unnatural calmness no longer; it was driving him mad. He could remain there no longer either, staring at the fire or at the two grim faces before him, and with a short good-night he went at once to hiB room, and locked the door on his troubles. Prudence's eyes filled suddenly with tears; it had been hard to present a calm demeanour with a flood of emotions pent within her breast; but to receive the harsh word that spoke of unkindness or passion waB to make her chest heave and her lip quiver. Mrs. Lanceford saw the struggle with composure, and laid her hand gently on those tightly-interlaced fingers of the maiden. " You must remember he is sorry to leave you, Prudence—vexed that there is no inducement in our love for you to conquer the prejudice you have formed against remaining." "Vexed with me at such a time," said Prudence, with a little sob. "It is so hard to kngw that you go away for good," continued Mrs. Lanceford, " that the distance to lie between us will be ever insurmountable." "No, no, not that," cried Prudence; " I am looking forward to the day of my return—some years hence, perhaps, but still the day of my return—when I can lay my head upon your breast again and cry, ' I have come back.' You will be older then, and your son will have married some one worthy of him; but I shall see you both in the far-off days—God willing !" "A delusion, Prudence; you will never see it realised." Don't dash it down," exclaimed Miss Gurnett, impetuously; "it may be weak and fragile, but it pleases me to fancy how probable it is. I see the picture of the future— ten or twelve years hence; do not quench the light upon it that gives me courage to go away. I see the mother and son still together in that picture. They will never part, I think. The mother is not old there, and the hair has only changed a little more. The son is one whom the world honours, and his children. are circling round his knee, and, and—there is a little dark-haired, darkfaced woman entering by the door, and she cries to see that there is some love left for her in the hearts of those who welcome her again ! It is a fair picture; leave it me." " Surely the bright picture to look forward to is the New Zealand home, and the husband worthy of you that I am sure awaits you. Life there is full of more happiness and peace than years have brought you hitherto." "No, no." They were clasped in each other's arms then, and were sobbing like two* children, and the elder woman thought the mystery of that parting was more impenetrable than ever. "You are going away unhappy," she said; and Prudence, wringing her hands, begged Mrs. Lanceford to leave her until tbe morning—she could bear no more that night. Mrs. Lanceford hesitated to obey her request and leave her alone in that desolate room; but it might be Prudence's last wish. "I shall soon be calm ; I am not inclined to give way," said Prudence, reading correctly Mrs. Lanceford's hesitation, "and I would conquer my rebellions nerves before I leave this room, or the ceremony of packing may prove too much for me." So Mrs. Lanceford went away, and Prudence set herself to subdue those emotions which she had hoped to repress till the final parting was over, and she was shot in the railway-carriage that bore her away from old ties. It had been a day of many trials ; she should never forget it. In the morning Edmund Lanceford and his wife had bidden her good-bye, and expressed a hundred regrets; in the afternoon she had planted flowers on Mr. Gurnett's grave, her last token of love for the friend and "father" who had been good to her; and now in the evening she had borne the rush of another torrent, and it had nearly overwhelmed herl^ Let her sit before the fire and steel her nerves for the final effort, and the last adieux that must come in the grey morning. She would be stronger in the morning. How her hand shook now! She wondered what had become of her courage, and why she, who had never been timid in her life, should cast such nervous glances over her shoulder ? Did she expect the ghost of Mr. Lanceford of the Limes to glide in presently and make one last appeal to stay her? And looking behind her once again, she gave a stifled cry, and sprang for a moment from her seat, it was so like that Mr. Lanceford whom her excited imagination had dwelt upon a moment since. His, figure, his height, his face, only more deathly white and no moustache. Willie Lanceford, as he came more near, walking with a strange rapidity. "Miss Gurnett, I offended you a little while ago; I was harsh and abrupt. I have come to ask forgiveness for my fault." "I have nothing to forgive, Bir. Pray do ot think I have been grieving over your rritability." " It is hard to part—it was hard to talk of arting; and we three such well-known aces together, that to lose one is like breakng up a home. Miss Gurnett—Prudence," e said, hoarsely, " there is one last claim I have to urge—I must urge, in the wild hope that you will stay—my love! " " Mr. Lanceford! " cried Prudence, her face flushing scarlet, as she ran hastily towards the door. But Willie had intercepted her, and had caught her hands in his. " My love, that has silently grown and rapidly increased day after day, Miss Gurnett, until it breaks all bounds and brings me here. The love that cannot see you go away without a sign; and if cast back upon itself, must leave a blight on every future act. God knows the torture it has been to hear you calmly talk of leaving us, and my heart stabbed by every word! Prudence, for my sake ? " U haV6 m6rCy and yet 8tay ' " You cannot love me—no, you cannot love me," she cried, still struggling faintly to release her hands—struggling with her tears, her utterance, the deep convulsive heaving of her bosom. " With a passion that will leave me hopelesB in the world if you reject me; with a man s strong wish to take you to himself, and devote the affection of a life to make you happy! 0, Prudence, dear Prudence! ' drawing her closer and more unresistingly into the folds of his embrace; "surely the devotion of my life —a Lanceford's—is the truest, best atonement that those who have gone from us could have wished. Let the memory of the wrong die away between my family and yours, and our true love replace it. Shall it be so?" "If—if you wish it! " " Our true love, Prudence—you hear?" She was smiling upwards through her tears now at the face so close to hers. "It was the true love of Prudence Gurnett, loDg resisted, that made her wish to go away, Willie," she murmured, hiding her face upon his breast. " Never more now Prudence — we are under the spell! " Under the spell leave them, 0 reader! and turn away to the world—to the cares and the money-making, lying beyond the fortunes of this book. Leave them happy in each other. With that faith in the future they will travel together, without which all journeyings are vain. It is a life-journey wherein they will lose no trust and see no love diminish. On the road will meet them the fairy faces of their children, the bright faces of their friends. The summer clouds will skim the blue sky now and then, the shadows will come and vanish, a faint spray from the sea, rolling round them, will fall lightly at their feet; but, firm on the rock of their faith, they will not tremble. Leave them, trusting, and loving, and true—it is a fairer picture than Prudence Gurnett sketched to Mrs. Lanceford a little while ago. And under the spell let us leave Edmund Lanceford and his wife—there remains no counter- charm to break it. Sorrow and trial have chastened the heart of one, and kept the other true. They are a happier couple than this busy-spinning globe of ours always brings before us. The storms are over, the sun is shining, and there is peace between them. Edmund's arm steals round the wife who wished to die to make him happy; and Edmund's voice whispers that there is no life he envies,—not even brother Willie's! And Nathan Lanceford, is he under the spell also ? Across the great sea, in the far-off land, has he gained the hope which he set out to seek? Not yet; but he has found Cicely, and they are friends, and he was ever of a patient disposition, and waited long for happiness. He writes to Willie that he believes his happiness, though late, will come eventually ; meanwhile he is content, and the face of the loved becomes less grave, be thinks. So the world goes round—spells are ended and begun again—old and new loves mingle with our old and new pursuits—the varied threads of life cross and recross, and the pattern may be difficult to trace. Figures like unto ours pass us in the street, and trials that resemble many in these pages affect our quiet-looking neighbours. For in the outer world lying beyond the world of books in which we authors live, there are strange stories with plot, and incident, and mystery j and love and hate, and all the ills and joys common to our poor humanity sway the characters within them. May such stories in the time befitting end as happily as this! 