THE VINE DISEASE AND RUST. Mr. J. \f. Cnuper, in'n lotlcr to tho Queensland .Earoreji, says— 44 Tho diseaso known as tho oidium tuckori in vines nnd rnst in wheat, so dcstructivo in their consequences to tlio vigncron and farmer, havo been proven by domination under the microscopo to consist or n very fust spreading vegetable growth of tho fungi tribe. In tbo caso of Oidium it has boon proved that tho dincaso may bo restrained by tho application of sulphur, Tlio powerful action of tho same aulphur on another plaguo— tho cabbago infecting aphis is also well- known. From tho known action of similar aguncies on cortain skin diseases of tbo human species nnd on scab in sheep, we may reasonably suppose that sulphur and cortnin liquids and gaseous compounds of sulphur cxerciso a very destructive infiuonco on most of tkejio lower organizations, which provo themselves plagues to many of our most vnlunblo plants, as well aa tho cnuso'ofskin diseaso in animals. In all cases of such infection it U wisest to attack tho diseaso rtt onco, and even to apply preventives when it is thought possible that disease may bo present iu tho seed grain. We must all, therefore, agree with Dr. Morris of Sydney, who has proven tho presence of tho living germ of tho grapodisoaso fuugus even on dry leaves of tho vino, after exposure of audi loavos to tho cold of an entire winter, that an early winter's pruning and the immediate burning of oil dry Icnvos and waste primings should bo adopted. The application of sulphur to the vino, by way of fumigation, is also desirable nt that season. As tho proseut prncoss for sulphuring necessitates tho uso of certain apparatus, I would propose to convoy tho sulphur in a liquid form. Alter runuittg over n list of soluble sulpburutoa adapted to such pur. poses, I should prefer tho uso of tho pontsulpUcret of sodium or potassium. This is very soluulo in water, nearly neutral in its reactions, and is easily prepared by boiling equal weights of washing soda and sulphur (tho formor in a stnto of solution, or strong ley, tho latter as flour of sulphur) together until thoy incorporate. By washing our vines with this liquid, much dilulod with wator, wo aro likely to reach the scat of ovory 6poro of the oidium. In fact wo may peuctrato tbo outward tissue of tho bark of tho vino and so form a sulphur skin as it were over tho wholo of tho oxposcd part of tlio vine. This would bo a mere film if a very diluted solution was used. This sulphur production, when left to tho action of tho atmosphere, would also copiously yield sulphurated hydrogen, which latter wo saw lately recommended to combat tho vino discascrin Franco. Seeds such as seed wheat suspected of rust, or cabbage-soed suspected of boing aphis-ridden, might bo steeped shortly beforo sowing in n well- coloured solutiou of tbo pent sulphurot horo recommended. Tho farmer would then havo tho satisfaction to know that ho was not sowing a wheat or cabbago crop, and with it, at tho samo time, Its direst enemies. To somo. It may appear strange that rust or aphis can bo transmitted through tho seed ; but smut can actually bo detected in bread mado from flour of smutty wheat. Tbo preparation of tno itqum as recommomictt is roost simple and in expensive. 1 bcliove its application will bo effec tual in tho treatment of tho vogctable diseases mentioned, nnd I can sco no reason why it should not bo goncrally adopted. Terrible Affliction.— Tho ' Wagga Woggn' Advortisor, in ootictog thefoot that an unhappy individual nomod Rush has gooo out of his mlod, and hoB boon eont to gaol for medical troatmeot, civcs a ' rcsumfi' of hia unfortuoato caso, premising that Rush was a man of oonsidorab!o lotolHgcooo and sotuo oducntion, and evidently roueb attochod to his wifo. It appoarfi that Mrs. Rush diod suddenly at Mittagong, somo thirty fivo miles from Wagga Wagga, nod tho oorooor was sont for. Ho rofusod to attond, but sent out a troopor with oo order to Rush to briog in tho body to Wagga Wagga so that an inquost might bo held. In tho moantlmo preparations had boon mado for tho docont interment of tbo body tn tho graveyard at Mittagong. Rush, bowevor, was oompollcd to bring or Bond tbo body of his doad wifo to Wagga Wagga. As no ono voluotoorcd for tbo sad duty, ho had to un dertako it himsol ; and horo wo havo tho orcditablo spcotaolo io a Christian couutry of a husband driving tlio dead body of his wifo, a distaoooof thirty-fivo miles, mostly in tho dark, along a dreary busb-road, for tho pur- poso of rolioviog a paid cornnor of a positivo duty. Tho ioquost Was bold— tho husband, so groat was bi9 mootal cxoitomcut aftor his foarful journoy ho hardly 'know bow or whoro —and justico having boon satificd, to Rush was left tho duty of burying bis wife, or to sco it porformod by tbo samo heartless autho rity which had already bo grievously insulted both hor aod. himself. lie was a stranger and friendless, and onco tnoro bad to resumo his lonely journoy with tho doad. Unable to afford a proper funeral ho bad to tako tho body in a cart to tho ocmetory himself, gotting tbo vohiolo bogged by tbo way, and boing almost compcltod to abandoo tho corpse on the roadside for tbo night. Tbo case is a most mournful ono, and whether tbo wrotcbod man's present condition ho duo to intemporaooo or not, tho public, wo aro suro, will agreo that it reflects seriously oo tbo person whoso negleot of bis palpablo duty sobjeotod poor Rush to a trial too hoavy for him to boar. It only remains to add, to oomploto tbo full horror of tbo case, that Rush is oow a lunario uodor tbo medioal chargo of the roan to whom, if to any ono, is to bo attributod his terriblo affliction. t Deserters.— A Melbourne journal states fliAft. nn \V«dnfifl(lftV niflit throd soldiers on board the troop-ship' Wairoer Castlo, lying abouthalf-a-mileoffGellibrand's Point, stripped themsolves, and jumped into tho sea, with tbo intontion of deserting. Two of them succeeded in reaching WiHiamstown, whoro thoy woro arro&ted; by tho police— ono io tho billiard- room of the Frinco of Wales Hotel, and tho other man upon tho Ann.streot pior. Thoy woro both in an exhausted stato when found, tbe soldior at tbo hotel having. nothing on him but an old rag of ashirt ; while the other man, who was quito naked when ho roaobed tho wharf, attired himsolf in a ooalsack, and sat down amongst somo bogs of coal. Tho polico took both men to the suip just as sbo wos leav ing, and handed tbem over to tboir officers, who appeared to be aoytbing but pleased at soring them brought back. It is said that tho throo dosertors woro men of bad character, and during their stay in tho colonies bad spoot a great portion of tboir timo in gaol. The Inverness Courier, in noticing tbo announce ment of an autobiography of Flora MacdonaM, preserver of Princo Charles, now preparing for publication by Mr. Nimmo, of Edinburgh, ob serves, 44 that nnno of our Scottish historians or topographers who oxplored so minutely the wanderings and vicissitudes of Charles Edward, Boom to have boon aware of tbo oxistenco of tbo abovo manuscript. Flora— or Flory, as sbe signed her namo in her marriage contract — bad a singular ami romantio career, nnd if she recorded fully hor own trials and tbo stato of tbo Highlands in tho middle of lost contury, her autobiography cannot fail to possess interest. She was in nor twenty- fourth year wbon sho gallantly risked ber own freedom to presorvo that of Fnnco Charles. By tho Jacobites of that day sho was idolized. A private subscription was opened for her, which soon amountod to £1,600, and she sat to Allan Ramsay for her portrait, still preserved in Oxford., Tho features nro decidedly Celtic— tho complexion dark, contrasting with tho ample whito rose that decorates tho bust. Boswcll nnd Johnson describo her in 1773 ns a littlo woman of gontee) appear-- nnco and plcnslng address. Wh jn sho returned, the heruiuo of tho day, to tho Highlands, her society was courted by all classes, and between thrco and four years afterwards she gnvo hor hand to young Kingsburgh, who wan tho model of a ; Highlander in countcnnnco, figure, dreBS, and spcoch. Affa.rs do not seom to havo gono pros perously with them, and in 1714 Flora nnd her husband emigrated to North Carolina. "When tbo war broko out Kingsburgh joined tho Royalist forces, was taken prisoner, but regained his liberty, and served with the 84lh in Canada. Thoy ro- turned, and it is related, that tho vessol in which Flora and her husband sailed was attacked by a French privateer, nnd while tho Coltio heroino stood on deck bravely animating tho seamen, sho' was thrown down and ono of her arms brokon. Sho was destined, howover, to dio nt homo at last, departing in her GStli your, in 1 790, and her shroud being formed of part of tho shcetR in which Princo Charles slept nt KingnbuTgh. Horo aro materials for n romantio biography I Tho hair-breadth i escapes of the royal wanderer, tho stato of the : Highlands wliilo society yet retained somo of tho picturesque features of clanahin— tho emigrant voyage across tlio Atlantic, and the subnequent % Anicricuu war — tho perilous return to Britain— and tho final ten yonr of peace while nil wna changing in tho Highland nnd Islands, aod tho' old raco was disappearing from the land— such aro tho striking ovonts in tho life of Flora Macdnnald. The Ghost Solo — 44 Talking about ghnsts,' aaya Henry Ulggin. tho other night at a grocery, 44t had a ghost once thnt como to tno nnu took all my tobacco— puro pigtail, two shillings a pound and no mistake. Well— hem— this hero ghost— now, soe my father was a great fellow after pigtail to bacco when ho was alive, and so one night I heard & noise, and says I. 4 Who's there?'— Then a low, hollow voice, said, 4 1 am thy father's spirit, doomed,' ifco. — 'Wol!, says I, dnudy, what la that you now want?' — Then say« he. 4 1 want somo of your pigtail tobacco,'— 4 Woll, hero's nil I havo got.— And thon I axed him what ho had dono with hissolf up tharin heaven, 1 know ho was tliar, becnusQ ho didn't tull noar ns ninny lies as Tom Porpcrl Aud ho answered, 4 1 piny on n jowshorp, a'SUtln'on a rainbow.' And then I said. 4 Havo you got your Instrument horo?' — 'Yop,4 ho said. Ho gnvo tne a protty tunc — one of David's psalms, I guess— nnd then ho said ho felt slcopy, nnd hid mo good night. Things wont on this way for snmo time, and At Inst 1 had occasion to go to a neighbour's house to buy somo tobacco, bocauso I was nut of it, and whntdoyou think? Tho'tnrnal crittor offorod some tobacco to ruo which had my mark upon It — I put a mark on it so that wlton 1 went to hoavon, If aad hadn't oat it nil up, 1 could sco It, and provo that I ' was his son If he didn't bolievo It. I was bigger than him, and made film toll whoro ho got tfmm plugs from. Ho said ho got thorn from ino, and had sola smno. Ho paid mo for tho ones ho had sold, and gave mo tho rest : and 1 hav'n't boon troubled wtth ghosts sinco."— American paper. 