R O M E. (The itens of intelligence under this head,, relatb e to the (Ecumenical Council, are selected chiefly trom the Vatican.' A Papal Commission,— A letter from Rome, dated 27th November, states that the Holy Father has appointed a special commission for the prosecution of highly important investiga tions. The members of this commission are Mgr. Manning, Archbishop of Westminster j M-r. D( champs. Archbishop of Mechlin ; Mgr. Pie, Bishop ot Poitiers ; Mgr. Plantier, Bishop i of Nismes ; and Mgr. Mermillcd, Bishop of ! Hebron. The meetings are held daily at the residence of the last named Prelate. The CEcomenical Council. — This Council 1 was opened at Rome with imposing ceremony. a procession of the dignitaries of the Church was formed in the Vatican, consisting of six Archbishop princes, 39 Cardinals, 11 Patriarchs, 680 Archbishops and Bishops, 28 Abbots, and 20 Generals of Religious Orders — in all about eight hundred ecclesiastics. The Pope was carried into the Cathedral in his chair of state His Holiness first knelt some time before the Blessed Sacrament and then the assembly took their places in the Cout.c 1 Hall of the Vatican. After Mass had been chaunted, the Archbishop of Ieonium pronounced the inaugural discourse. After the appointed prayers, the Pope (who appeared in excellent health,) three times in voked the aid of the Holy Ghost for the Council, and the chaunting of the Te Deum concluded the ceremony. The Empress of Austria wm present in the gallery set apart for foreign sovereigns. The Times and other English journals which have as little difficulty in criticizing the lauguage of a Pope as of a paruh beadle, expend much indignation on one expression of the Holy Father, which, as usual, they totally misapprehend # The Church," said the Sovereign Pontiff in his Allocution to the Council, "is stronger than tieayeh itself." The words are a quotation from St. John Chrysostom, and bear a vnry innocent interpret ation, if a Protestant journalist could see anything harmless in the language of a Pope or a Saint. " Heaven and earth," we are told by him who made them, "shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." What words? " adds the Pontiff ; " Thou art Peter, and on this rock I will build My Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." There is a sense, therefore, in which Heaven " shall pass way," but the Church, however strange the doctrine may appear to Protestants, cannot pass away, becauso it is built on the rock of Peter, which shall never be removed. For this reason St. hrysostom was justified in sa ing, and Pius IX. in repeating, that " the Church is stronger than Heaven itself." On Sunday, December 19th, the Pope received 600 French subjects at the Vatican. Aft r speaking with several individuals he delivered an allocution in French, in which he dwelt upon the significance of the approaching Christmas festival, and said— 44 God, in teaching humility, declared pride to be the enemy of man and the author of revolution." His Holiness then blessed the assembly amid applause. The First Council of the v atican numbered, oil the opening day, 803 Fathers, or 135 more than the Fathers of Nice, Constantinople, and Ephesus, added together. And these 803 Fathers represent, almost literally, every ie ion and province of the world; while many of ihem come from lands so remote that they were un known to the early Christians even by name. Thb ladies of Lima have sent to the Pope, by the hands of the Archbishop of Quito, a silver 'casket containing 7,000 francs in gold: The Republic of the Equator having presented to its President, Senor Mareno, a magnificent medal enriched with precious stones, the latter lias n 1 it, . mi £ nvi FV ziAMoonf f\ r 4- 1-» r\ transierreu me wnu mc wmbcui donors, to Pius IX. The Archbishop of Ca- raccas was the bearer of 80,000 francs, and at his embarkation was surrounded by a great multitude offering jewels and other presents to be laid at the feet of his Holiness The Arch bishop of Rennes took from his diocese 150,000 francs, and the Bishop of Ghent, 272,000. "Your Flemings are very rich," said the Sove reign Pontiff to him, with that smile which charms all on whom it falls, 44 but they are also very generous." A collective offering from British Catholics was conveyed by Colonel Gor don, and the Marquis of Bute presented in his own name a Processional Cross of massive silver, adorned with precious stones. The Holy Father was pleased to command that it should be used in the procession at the opening of the Council. It is a weary task t© noticd the flippant inventions and malicious untruths which abound in the heretical Press, and of which every day brings forth a fresh supply, but this is part of our task. In the Times of the 14th, its Roman correspondent — of whom we have heard it said that, if Satan wanted to write an account of the Vatican Council, he would probably employ that gentleman to do it — makes a statement of which every line contains either a falsehood or a calumny. The names of the Fathers appointed to one of the Commissions, he says, have excited 44 the profound astonishment of the majority of the Assembly." The absurdity of this will be apparent even to Protestant readers, for how should the man know anything about the opinions of " the majority of the Assembly ? " Even if he asked them all in turns, how many of them would condescend to give him any reply? Next he describes them one by one. The pious Cardinal Patrizi is 4< a type of class bigotry " The second is 44 Antonelli-Moreno," a composite individual, whom, he constructs by knocking two Cardinals into one, and calls the result of the fusion " a Spaniard elevated to the purple not a month ago." Cardinal Antonelli is not a Spaniard, and Cardinal Moreno, who received the hat last month, was <c elevated to the purple" in March, 1868, or nearly two years ago. "Martin of Paderbom " as he reverently calls another, is " the sworn slave of the Jesuits " ; 44 Apuzzo and Celesia " are " fugitive Bourbon ists of Naples," the former being rea 1 ArchM-h p of Sorrento, and the latter Bishop of Patti in -ic ly. and both long resident in their dice se \ It is a melancholy proof of the estimue which the sagacious proprietors of the Times have formed of the English public, that they think it expedient to employ for their amusement a man who thus degrades the dignity of journalism, and who can only pander to the ignorant prejudices which it would be a nobler occupation to correct and rebuke. Two English journals have stated, with the impe turbable coolness with which they usually publish such fictions, that the Pope had decided to give no more receptions, in order to avoid the necessity of admitting Mgr. Dupanloup The/ocf .is that his Holiness admitted him to a private in< erview the very day after his arrival He had previously said to two Bishops: 44 1 have read the pamphlet of Mgr. Dupanloup .... hut I have not forgotten his merits, and shall receive and treat him with thn utmost charity." Tub Bien Public , of Ghent, iri its issue of the 8th instant, thus expresses the feeling with which Catholics will await the decision of the Council : Let us be simply Catholics, that is to say, men of faith and men of obedience Thh, whatever the world may say, is the best way of being men of reason. It is reason itself which teaches us that, in things of God, we must hear and believe the authority instituted by God Let us be Catholics before everything, and di - miss every. prejudice or preference at variation with a sincere and energetic ldve of truth, if the decisions of the Council should be opposed to ©ur personal illusions or political predilections, let us not (hesitate 'an instant. Tiereaieno systems or theories which can prevail against the teaching of the Church. There is no line of policy which can combat the ! eternal laws of justice. Let us be Catholic, that is to say, let us limit our submit on neither by reserves nor con ditions. No : mental reservation can be allowed when it is a question of obeying God. Truth will always be both young enough and modern enough, since it is eternal. Error alone is de formed by wrinkles, and the vain theories which affect the freshness of novelty are for the most part nothing but antiquated delusions scattered during ages long past along the byeways of heresy. For us, the Pope and the Church are one and the same thing, to repeat the language of St. Francis of Sales. Accept then, 0 Peter, the humble, but ardent testimony of our faith. Universal Doctor, Bishop of Bishops, we receive your orders as those of God. . . . May the Council set the seal to the glories of your reign, exalt the Papacy in the veneration and respect of the world, inaugurate for the Church a new era of joy, and give to Pius IX , so long tried by tribulation, the merited compensation of triumph and peace. 