FULFILLED PREDICTIONS. (PBOM 'JOX. THE YKAB BOUHD.') One of the many curious topics of every day talk is tbe real or alleged fulfilment of real or alleged predictions. We say 'every- day talk;'' because, for obvious reasons, the prophecies treated by theologians cannot be noticed here. Of such predictions as Beem to have been really fulfilled, let us sneak with becoming fairness, keeping clear from all discussion as to the possession, by ex ceptional persons, of exceptional powers of foresight. There are many reasons why every prediction ought to be judged closely and searchingly to see 'whether it wiil Btatid its ground or not — whether it can render a good account of its birth, parentage, and general history. If we are puzzled at times about the ap ?areni luunmeni or predictions in popular almanacks, it is worth while bearing In view the fact, that when very numerous predic tions are made, Bome of them are likely to be followed by what looks like fulfilment, according to the law of probability — a law well-known to actuaries and others engaged in computing tables for life assurance, an nuities, survivorships, &c; Every such ac tuary predicts, in a scientific sense ; but it is always by inferring the probabilities of the future from the teachings of the past. If life present the same phenomena in the next half century as it did in the last, then out of a certain number of persons of a ixiuuii ?%** -? vcitouj piu^juruuu wiu me in the next twelve months. A curious bit of computation has been made concerning the Btupid superstition about thirteen at table. M. Quetelet, a distinguished Belgian sa vant, has computed that of any thirteen persons, containing a fair proportion of both sexes and different ages living at any one time, it is just about an even chance that some one of them will die within twelve months. If, therefore, one in a company of thirteen should die within this period, there is nothing wonderful in it ; but if a pre dictor states that it is because they all sat down to dinner atone table, or if he asserts that the charm is broken by making the number twelve or fourteen instead of thir teen, then he is bound to prove his case. Besides, no account is ever taken of such of these social gatherings of thirteen as an not Mowed by fatal results. The' believers in ill-omens ate silent in such cases. This opens the path to another aspect of so-called fulfilled predictions. As the law of probability can account for a small num ber of remarkable instances, so does it take account of the enormous preponderance of cases in which there is no observable coin cidence at alL A very pungent truth is contained in the couplet, Whit is hit is Id»tor7; Bat what is miss'd ii mystery ; applicable to the fact that every-day be lievers in toe marveuous ao not unuate me actuaries or the probability- computers in their mode of reasoning ; they are greatly interested in every ' hit,' every fulfilled prediction ; but they do not tabulate those instances in which a 'miss' or failure oc curs. Lord Bacon so exactly expressed tins, that he may have been, for aught we know, the originator of the saying ; he says that one reason why popular predictions are be lieved is, ' That men mark when they hit, and never mark when they miss, as they do generally.' And he applies this observation to dreams as well as to predictions. On a recent occasion four whist-players cut for partners, and cut the four aces, one each — a thing so strange that it might well have been made the groundwork for some omen of good or ill-luck ; yet it admits of calculation that there is & probability of such a coincidence presenting itself once in a great number of times. True, the number is something tremendous ; for it is com puted that, if the players had the longevity of Methuselah, they might continue cutting to the end of their days, as fast as their hands could move, withoutt turning up the four aces the second time. But be the ratio of misses to hits great or small, there is no magic about it. Take all the hundreds and thousands of predictions in a bundle of prophetic almanacks, and it would be strange indeed if none of them hit the mark. Many predictions become true — that is, many apparent fulfilments take place — be- cause the prophet is a shrewd observer of passing eveuts, or well acquainted with the personal peculiarities of those to whom the prediction is intended to apply. This was, probably, the case with Mademoiselle Le normand, who had a singularly long reigu of popularity in PariB. From 1789 till 1813 she was consulted by a succession of important personages as a fortune-teller of high class ; every applicant wishing to know something concerning his or her future fate. Mirabeau, the Princess de Laiuballe, General Hoche, Marshal Lefobre, Robespierre, Marat, St Just, Barrere, Bar ras, Madame Tallien, the empress Josephine, Louis the Eighteenth, the Emperor Alex ander, Talleyrand, Madame de Steel — all in turn consulted MademoiselleLenonnand, and paid her handsomely for her foretel liogs. She knew the history of all her clients, and the circumstances which sur rounded them ; she was probably shrewd in reading character in the countenance ; and she may have made many lucky fore casts. Most likely the failures were, not counted. Fraud is unquestionably concerned in some predictions ; those which, as Bacon says, have ' by idle and crafty brains been securely contrived and figured after the eveiit past' This is believed to have been the case in regard to many of the so-called predictions of the Great Fire of London. | Most of them keep clear of the precise, I date ; while few having the required pre ) cbion of date could with certainty be ' traced to a period anterior to the predicted event Instances are well known in winch predictions appear in manuscript in wane i old book, but withuQ aatia&ctory; proof of the date of tiie writing. There is one, credited to the Stieeaik century, seemiiu.' to prefigure tiie Crimean war ; — Is mice two hundred year* tiifc Bear IJh Crescent nlj u»U: Bm if Uk Codt and Bali appear, Tbf B**r wUi not pr*»»(L CofloqaialiaBS suspicioaslj like those of rery recent times. Hie French hare a Zitdog for a curious kind uf prediction, or omen, invoiviia; th' addition of numbers contained is dat^, aud coanecied with the Ikes of diitic gniihfcii personages. For instance. Robes pierre felJ from power in 17&4, and the first ginn of the Napoleon era may be dated from tire same jtai ; add to IT si tie foar component cumbers, oat, seven, niM, four, and we come to 161-5, the vear wfcea Napoleon's power fin&li; v ended. Loois the SLtteentii ascended the throne in 1774 : add 1774 to one, seven, seven, fonr, sad they make 17&3, the year when the iii &ted; monarch was executed. The great French Revolution began in 1763 ; add this to one, seven, eight, nine, and we ar river at the year 1614, when tiie esile to Elba put an end to the French conquests in Europe. The Bourbons were restored in 1H10 ; add this date Jo cue, eight, cue, fire, and we have the date lt-3u, when the Uourbous were once more expelled. Louis I'uilippe was born in 1773, and came to the throne in 1H30 ; add 1630 to one, iscven, eeven, three, and we come to 16iS, the year of his expulsion. Hi.' queeu, Ameiip. was born in 17^ : add 1630 to mie, seven, eight, two, and we arrive in the same way at the precise year 164K. Once more : that royal couple were married in ltilW ; add lfc'30 to one, eight, nought, nine, and hear again crops up the fatal year 1S48. It is impossible to say how many hundreds of royal and imperial dates would have to be examined before these seven strange coincidences could be found ; but we can scarcely wonder that a people fond of such numerical oddities should at tach a sort of fatalism to dates. Early last year there was a good deal said on this subject in France arising ont of the follow ing collocation of figures. The present emperor, Napoleon the Third, was born in It-US, aud became emperor in 185:2 ; add 1 bo:.' to one, eight, nought, eight, and you eet 1601). Again, his empress, Eugenie, was bom in 1&2H ; said 1 Sol' to one, eight, two, six, and there similarly arises the date 16Ga. Again, add looitoone, eight, five, three, and for a third time you arrive at 1669. 'Therefore,' it was thought by some, ' 186& will witness the downfall of the empire.' When the year passed over without any such catastrophe, the figures were manipulated a bit : the Prince Presi den: was not actually crowned emperor till 1 653. Predictions can often be made to accommodate themselves to ascertained facts by sume such manipulation as this. Stiii, there can be do doobt that tie dates here collected are very singular : they are odd coincidences, if not fulfilled predictions; and the world will probably use a good many more of them. The hereditary nobility and old county families are the subjects of many curious i speculations of this kind — mostly credited, if it all, by the uneducated peasantry of the neighbourhood. Sir Bernard Burke has collected many such stories. One re lates to *he Lambton family. There is a legeua tha.v in the time of the Crusaders, the head of th° house consulted a witch as to the best mode of killing a serpent, monster, or dragon. The witch instructed him, but at the Bame time told him he must follow up that achievement by putting to death the first living thing he might afterwards be hold : under penalty that, ' for nine gene rations, the lords of Lambton shall uever die in their beds.' A plan was laid that a dog should be the victim, but by a mis chance the lord's father happened to be the first living being he saw after killing the serpent. Lambton refused to be a parri cide. After that, it was a fact that nine successive lords of Lambton died otherwise than in their beds. In the Ferrers family, also, there was an old tradition that, when ever a black calf was born at Chartly Park (where the cows were usually of a peculiar sandy white), a Ferrers would die that year. There were six deaths in the family in about thirty years, and each death was preceeded by the birth of a black calf. Eastbourne, in lite manner, Has its local legend. Sir Antony Browne was holding a revel at Cowdrey Hall in the time of Henry the Eighth. A monk appeared, and warned him that, because he had received the church lands of Battle, and the prior lands of Eastbourne, the curse of fire and water should rest on his decendante. It was re corded that, in a period of one hundred years, Cowdrey Hall was burnt down, the owner was drowned in the Rhine on the same day, the male line became extinct, all the sons of the female line likewise became extinct, and the estate again fell to female recipients, who could not hold the title. Very few of these local legends, it is hardly necessary to say, have ever been traced to authentic sources. A prevaleat characteristic of predictions is the vagueness of the language in which they are expressed, eo as to render appa rent fulfilment possible at any one of many different dates. Nostradamus, a French physician who lived three centuries ago, poured forth predictions by the score : each generally contained in a quatrain or four-line stanza. Henry the Second and Charles the Ninth attached great import ance to them ; but the hits probably bore but a small ratio to the failures ; and, in deed, the rhapsodies were ill-fitted for exact fulfilment. His name became famous dur ing the time of the Stuarts for the follow ing lines : ? Le Sang dc Juste a Londres sera faute ! Lie Senate de Londrcs me tcront a mort le roy ! Le Olivier se planters en terra firms ! Brulez par feu, de vlnin et trois. le nix ! But there were suspicions that lines in some editions did not exist in the first published. He spoke in one of his pre dictions of tbe defeat of the French army in Italy ; but as neither name nor date was mentioned, the fulfilment became a very elastic affair indeed. In an old volume of the ' Gentleman's Magazine ' it is stated that a prophecy was found in the tomb of a bishop who died during the Middle Ages, foretelling of a struggle between the Lion and the Eagle, Italy to be left desolate, Borne to be burned, and an English prince to be King of France— all before the end of the sineteeuth century. Bat the dates were mm luennouuu, nor u mere any ciue to the time of writing the paper ' found ' in the tomb. A few yean ago there was a report that an old book had predicted the Crimean war, and the price of the book km* Accordingly in the market ; but when it 6MK to be examined, the an ncmncwwmrt mi to the effect that, in two hundred aad iifiy-otte years after 1604, the dowaftH' ot tb» Mahommedan power in ftafanr««BUt jafaf $'*? *'-* thu was ndk*ftMM- bj2*0i*defeatof Bnaaa by !i» AS* fa 48W could hardly be thus interpreted. William Huntington, in tbe test ceuturr. in out- of his sermons. :., retold that, before Is- 70, the Facial See would be turned into darkness, and the Turkish moon into blood ; words elastic enough, censinly, to meet very varied modes of fulfilment. Hartley, in his Ob servations on Man, said : *? It is probable thai all the civil governments will be overtaroed ; zsd tiat the present forms of churct government wiii be dissolved ;' leaving the year and even the century quite andesenninai Tbe mother of the erst Xapcueon, Madame Letius Buona parte, when the star of tbe boose had sunk, cftes expressed a cocSdeaoe tins her grinds-m wouid oae d»y be emperor ; bat it was taown thst the s-a of -Tapo- j ieon was tfle youth whom she hsa in her i ihoiigfcts, and aot the soa of Losis. who is i now emperor. A manuscript of old d»:e says that — fVb-£ tun; thin «ssf Shu X asd D j Wstt it. c«a Eft rinD -crE«S be, Ti« E.ia §!s*S coat;* *: tht Sbx IJ^j ( Ominous, this : but then, while one inter- j preter makes h oat to mean the year 1 660, : another prefers 1 &O0.; As oid «''-«r*/-I- is ' said (tfroturh tre know not os what autho- : Bv lhr pown :o w* lirKL.-t Ihe «»vt of Heivtt lc ei^bu^B isEodred ace li^tT- ferea. &iail; tne Tfc*r p*»? airar wiUwal ajiy fprtap. And oq Eiifeia&c; t Uirosc ebxli eo? tj; a tio£. Only half true, at most, seeing that Wil liam the Fourth reigned in the first half of that year. The CaUdonian Mercury stated, some years ago, that a Scottish minister, named Lunn, predicted public events which took place in 1S27, lcSO, 1P43, and ltlt : but, irrespective of the vagueness of his language, the old pastor made quite a hobby of foretelling ; and he was pretty sure of hitting the mark now auu uicu. That predictions, acting on the iniajpna rion, tend sometimes to bring about their fulfilment, is evident in various ways, and has in more coon tries than one engaged the attention of the ruling powere. At one time the Boman law forbade the prac tising of foretelling, if likely to influence the conduct of the person for or against whom the forecast was directed. ' When a person receives a prophesy, promising him tome great elevation of dignity, his dispo sition is not to sit quiet, awaiting the spon taneous fulfilment of his destiny, but to resort to active means for bringing about the event.' Our Tudor sovereigns did not loose sight of this matter. Statutes were passed by Henry the Eighth and by Eliza beth, imposing penalties or punishments for the utterance of predictions of evil in political or national affairs. Coke re marked on the subject : ' He that hath read our histories shall find what lament able and fatal events have fallen out upon some prophecies carried out by the inven tion of wicked men, pretended to bs accurate, but merely framed to deceive ; and withal, hosr credulous and inclinable our countrymen in previous times to these have been.' Shakespeare had bis thoughts in this direction when he drew the charac ter of Macbeth ; the prophesy having been ottered that he ehould be king, he could not wait for its spontaneous fulfilment, but killed Duncan in order to expedite and render certain the result The prediction of death is often known to be disastrous in its effect upon the imagination of the person to whom it applies. And a dream sometimes acts in a similar way. On one occasion, in the hist century, a man dreamed that he would die on a certain nay j ue uieuuonea me areain to otners, but without attaching importance to it The day passed, and he commented laugh ingly on the failure of the prediction. ' Oh,' said a mischief-maker near him, ' this is new style ; dreams and ghosts reckon by old style ; there are eleven days more yet.' During those eleven days, the imagination of the man brooded over the matter, and he died. Holinshed speaks of an early Scottish king, who sent one of his courtiers to consult a witch, or wise woman, about the result of a war in which ho Venn enmsjeA Tdn tErityh /3oj*1q*vi/] tliut the king would be shortly murdered, and by one of his own adherents. The predic tion (according to the chronicler) brought about its own fulfilment The courtier argued ?with himself, ' If I tell this to the king, he will think that I am the predes tined agent, and will kill me to prevent me from killing him. If I do not tell him, but he learns it from some one eke, he will still more surely suspect me.' Therefore, tbe courtier, to make sure so far, killed the king. The famous story of Lord Lyttle ton is too well known to call for more than a mere reference here. Many predictions can only be regarded as fulfilled by a little twisting of names and words. The Empress Josephine, it is said, believed a prediction to the effect that she would fall from her high estate, and die in a hospital ; she died at Mahnaison, a name merely indirectly denoting a hos pital. The Dute of Suffolk, in 1450, was warned to beware of the Tower, which would be fatal to him ; he died on ehip Doara, out tue interpreters dwelt on the fact that the ship was named St. Nicholas of the Tower. Nero was warned to beware of the Beventy-third year ; as his death occurred at another age, the interpreters took refuge in tbe fact, that Galba was seventy-three when he succeeded Nero. The afiair of Birruun Wood and Dunsinane, in Macbeth, is a very good illustration of the mode in which a prediction may be accepted aud verified, if those who interpret it are tempted by superstition to play fast and loose with words and phrases. 