DIOCESAN SYNOD. Tuesday, Max 17. AFTERNOON SITTING. At 3 o'clock, the members of Synod met at the Church Office. His Lordship the Bishop presided, and opened the proceedings with prayer. ELECTION COMMITTEE'S BEPOBT. Mr. F. TVIcksteed, Secretary, read the report of the Election Committee, as follows " The Election Committee placed on the table a Synodal Roll certified as correct. " Although the returns from the following Churches are somewhat irregular, none of them having having been made within seven days of election, they recommend that the names of the Synodsmen shall remain on the Roll, on this occasion—Holy Trinity, Adelaide; All Saints, Hindmarsh; 3t. Margaret s "Woodville; St. Peter's, Glenelg; St. James' Blakiston; St. Thomas's, B ilhannah ; St. Jude's, Port Elliot. " They c -nnot, however, recommend the same cou-se with regard to Christchurch, Mount - Gambier; the election of Synodsmen of thi3 Church being altogether irregular, having been made by the clergyman, and not by the congre gatioB, " They have to report that the congrega tions of ■ St. Barnabas, Clare. : Emmanuel, Chingford; and 1 All Saints, Moonta, have elected Synodsmen, but these Churches not being in TJnion with Synod, the gentlemen elected have not received summonses. The Secretary has written pointing out the neces sary steps to be taken to place them in Union. " R. B. COLLEY, Chairman." Mr. R. B. COLLEY moved that the report he received, and the recommendations contained therein adopted. This was seconded and carried. SECRETABIES. His Lordship appointed the Rev. S. Green Clerical Secretary, and Mr. C. B. Young Lay Secretary to the Synod. SYNODAL BOLL. The roll was then called, aud the usual delca ration signed, new members of Synod signing also the Synodal Compact. Synod was consti- i tuted thus:— Holy Trinity, Adelaide—Rev. Richardson Reid, Rev. "TV". W. Ewbank, H. D. Holmes, S. Toms, TV. A. Cawthorne. I Christchurch, North Adelaide—Yen. Arch deacon Marry at, TV. TV". Blyth, James Bath, J. S. Bellhouse, R. E. Minchin. St. Luke's, Adelaide—Rev. J. Pollitt, Rev. F. "YV. Marshall, TV". Shakespeare, J. K. Haw thorne, TV. Bishop. St. Paul's, Adelaide—The Very Rev. the Dean, Rev. H. J. Poole, TV. J. Fullarton, G. M. Turnbull, J. Morgan, F. G. Smith. St. Paul's, Port /-.de: aide—Rev. S. Green, Dr. Duncan, A. J. Edaiunds. St. John's, Adelaide—Rev. D. J. II. Ibbet son, TV. S. Moore, T. H. Yiney, J. Pritchard, J. E. Clinch. t St. Bartholomew's, Norwood—Rev. D. J. H. [ Ibhetson, Jas. Gray. All Saints', Hindmarsh—Rev. H. M. Pollitt, Dr. Forster. St. Margaret's, TVoodville — Rev. H. M. Pollitt, TVm. Sykes. St. Andrew's, TValkerville — Rev. Canon Dove, 0. B. Young, J. TV. Bull. St. Matthew's, Kensington—Rev. E. Jenkins, J. Howell, E. TV. Meredith. St. Michael's, Mitcham—Rev. Henry Read, N. Oldham, L. TV. Thrupp. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Rev. TV. H. Mudie, J. H. TViles, W. Pound. St. Mary's, South-road—Rev. A. Honner, F. Burton. Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill—Rev. A. Hon ner, Frederic VVicksteed. St. Peter's, Glenelg—R. B. Colley, N. Blyth, St Stephen's, TYillnnga—Rev. B. K, Miller, E. G. Jay. St. Phillip and St. James's Noarlunga— Rev. E. K. Miller. St. James's, Blakiston—Rev. E. Browne, Dr. Weld. Christchurch, Mount Barker—Rev. E. Browne, F. C. Smith. St. Thomas's, Balhannah—Rev. E. Browne, Tho3. Pugh. St. George's, Gawler—Rev. Canon Coombs, W. H. Lewis, T. O. Jones. Christchurch, Kapnnda—Rev. T. J.- Smyth, Jas. Huggins, W. G. Goodchild. St. Mary's, Kooringa—J. Winnall. St. Jnde's, Port Elliot—Dr. Carey. ; St. John;s, Mount Pleasant—Rev. W. A. Clayfield, J. Bennett, sen. Ohristehurch, Yankalilla—Rev. C. TV. Morse, J. Heathcote, H. Dutton. St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln—G. TV. Hawkes. St. John's, Salisbury—Rev. W. Scott.._ Strathalbyn Mission—Rev. C. G. Taplin. Holy Trinity, Lyndoch—Rev. R. B. Webb. St. Peter's Collegiate School—Rev. Canon Farr. BEPOBT ON THE DIOCESE. His Loedship then read his annual report as follows '• — " During the past twelvemonths the diooese has had again to mourn the loss of clergymen deservedly held in the highest esteem and affec tion. The death of Dean Farrell, followed after no long interval by the sudden removal of Archdeacon Twopeny, disappointed at once our affectionate hope, and left us stunned by the additional sorrow of the later bereavement. In the one case it seemed as if the father of the diocese wa3 taken from us; one who had helped to lay the foundations of our Church, and had' watched over every stone added to the spiritual building; the other known far and wide, and esteemed wherever known, as the indefatigable missionary, the faithful pass or, the kind spiritual adviser, the well-learned theologian, the liberal minded Churchman, the refined gentleman, the agreeable companion. It is tlie privilege of our Church to number many men of such varied accomplishments in the ranks of the clergy ; and it is pleasing to find that his many claims to personal esteem and influence were very generally recognised throughout the colony. Sammoned in a moment from earthly care3 and occupations, we may confidently hope that, his ( spirit was received with aeoeptance by the Master whom it was his delight to serve. Four congregations—Riverton, Auburn, Chinkford, and Belvidere—were at once bereaved of the pastor whom they loved. Amid their lamenta tions and tears his honored" remains were con signed to'the cemetery at Eiverton, audit I remained for myself and. clerical brethren, by our personal sympathy and- ■ minis terial labors to lessen their sense of deso lation. I thank my _ brethren fox* their ready co-operation in this labor of love. Three of these ChurcheB—Riverton, Chinkford, and Belvidere—have since been supplied by the Rev. James Houghton, under "whose care the district, I doubt not, will prosper, and the spiritual wants of the growing town of Saddle worth be partially supplied. The-church at Auburn yet remains to be filled up, and with its populous agricultural neighborhood will, I trust, become the centre of a distinct Parochial and Missionary cure. "Inaddition to the deaths above recorded, the clergy of the diocese have been diminished in number by the departure to England of the Revs. T. Field and J. Pollitt. After the com pletion of their visit it is the intention of both, as far as I am informed, to rejoin us. The return of the Rev. A. Russell and his ap pointment as successor to Deau Farrell was very welcome. His well-known energy and laborious ness reassured our spirits, and enabled me hope fully to renew my endeavors to recruit the number of the clergy. Messrs. Taplin and Mareohal were duly ordained deacons, and are serving efficiently, one m the District of the Meadows, the other at St. Luke's. The Rev. H. J. Poole, M.A., has been licensed as assis tant-curate to the Dean at St. Paul's; and I am in hopes of securing ere^ long the additional services of two more experienced clergymen for Auburn and for the Northern Mission, crippled so long by tbe effects of the disastrous drought and diminshed numbers of our clergy. The aspect of the times, indeed, has not been such as to place bevond apprehension the competent sustenance of the thirty-eight who are now attached to the diooese. TVith that number of settled parish curates and two_^ missionary itinerant clergymen, I think sufficient pro vision would be at present made for the scattered members of our Church. But it is a matter of unceasing anxiety, in these days especially, how to gather together a large body of approved men for the work of the ministry, • giving no offence in anything, that it be not blamed.' Meanwhile, I must claim the patience, forbearance, and stelfastness of lay churchmen ' not to forsake the assembling of themselves together,' but rather to pray for me and for themselves ' that the Lord of the harvest will send forth more laborers into His harvest.' Time and deliberation are essential for due selection, and these conditions can only be secured by the appointment of sober-minded men as lay readers, who shall carry on the ser vices in the Church, so far as reading the Liturgy and approved sermons are concerned. Congregations temporarily are thus held to gether, funds provided to meet any casual debt, or for the improvement of the church and its appurtenances. I have to thank many gentle men for their kind and efficient aid in this office. " New churches have been opened' at Port Victor and Unley, both dedicated under the name of St. Augustine. At the Meadows, St. George's is fast approaching completion, a handsome edifice of cut stone. At Strathalbyn the foundations of a church were laid by Lady Edith Fergusson. At Eden Valley and Mount Lofty regular services are held by approved lay readers, and steps have been taken to raise small churches at Myponga and Glenburn. Kangaroo Island has been visited, and services held at Kingscote, Hog Bay, and Cyguet River. This long neglected patt of the colony has thus been brought within the occasional -reach of religious ordinances by the Rev. C. Morse. Under the circumstances in which the diocese was placed by deaths and absences of clergy, my own mission tours have been more frequent and extended than usual. Three times during the last seven months I .have visited the Riverton District and Auburn; once the three Churches on Yorke's Peninsula; and also Port Wakefield. Since then, Goolwar Port Elliot, Victor Harbor, Strathalbyn, Meadows, Maccles- i field, and Echunga, Mount Pleasant, Mount | Torrens, and Woodside, Robe Town, Mount Gambier, and Penola. In all these places I have found much enoouragement, and feel per suaded that with a settled and competently sustained ministry, a very real work of edification would go on among the members of the Church of England. The important subjects of the incorporation of Synod will be brought _ under your attention, the fixing boundaries of parishes, and the election of future Bishops. I think it due to the Rev. W. Clayfield to bear special testimony to the careful way in which his numerous candidates for Confirmation seem to have been prepared for that solemn rite. Forty-nine young people evidently much impressed with the responsi bility of the steps they were about to take, testified to the spiritual labor of the pastor by whom they were prepared; and that under the unfavorable circumstance of scattered and. dis tant dwellings. The congregations also in all these cases were good, and all things pertaining to the Church in comely order. "Vacant cures still occupy my attention. Robe Town, Auburn, and Melrose. The Rev. F. Slaney Poole has succeeded Mr. J. Houghton at MacDonnell Bay, Penola, and the school at Mount Gambier. He carried with him the regrets of his congregation ; but I believe in hii present position he will find a larger sphere of usefulness. I also entertain a good hope that before long I shall be enabled to fill satisfac torily the cures of Robe and Auburn. " Having drawn up a series of questions in order to arrive at a full knowledge of parochial matters, and to put the rural clergy in the way of organising their people in parochial associations for their good, I am much disappointed in the great delay shown in making these returns to the Secretary | of Synod. There is also an irregularity in making the returns of the election of Synods men within the proper time. This alone might vitiate any proceedings taken under the Dis ciplinary Regulations of the Synodal Compact. "Nor is such neglect in harmony with the spirit and letter of that compact. I, as Bishop, require the aid of the clergy in providing for the spiritual well- being of the members of our Church. The Synod lends its aid—monetary | and other—to them for the purpose; but unless the clergy observe and enforce the regulations, and proceedings subsidiary to them, they in fact break their solemn promise; and not only so, but they forfeit their claim to the advan tages which accrue to them from the Synod. I trust this notice will be sufficient, and that it will not become hereafter necessary to withhold monetary grants from those parishes which fail to make their returns in due time. I will now conclude by begging you to join with me in the prayer that during the ensuing year the congre gations of our Church may have rest, and, ] ' walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of theHoly Ghost, maybe multiplied.'" ELECTION OP BISHOPS. The following report was read on this sub ject :— " The Committee, having considered the question of the election of future Bishops of j this diocese, which matter was referred to them in Minute 541 (1869), propose the follow ing regulations:— "1. That on the occurrence ef a vacancy in the office of Bishop, the Dean, or in his ab sence the senior member of the Chapter, shall | assemble with all convenient speed the Stand ing Committee, who, voting by orders, shall j draw up a list of persons eligible for the office, or shall suggest that the election of the Bishop pro hac vice shall be delegated to some person, persons, or body. " 2. That, a call of Synod having been made, the votes, which shall be by ballot, shall be taken by orders. "3. That an absolute majority of the whole Synod, composed of a majority of clergymen entitled to vote, and of a majority of the Synodsmen, shall determine the election or the course to be pursued. " 4. That the voting shall be repeated, until such absolute majority shall be obtained, pro vided that if no conclusion in the voting is ar rived at within three months, the election of the Bishop shall lapse pro hac vice to the Metro politan. ' • 5, That the voting shall be in person, and | no proxies allowed. " 6. That after any billot in which the re quired majority shall not be obtained, it shall be open to any member of Synod to make a notni-1 nation or to propose a course of procedure other | than that upon which the ballot was last taken. " 7. That the Chairman shall report the re sult of the election to the Metropolitan. " 8. That the election having been duly made by the Synod should be confirmed by the Bishops-of the province of Australia, as laid downin Report No. 2, in the Appointment of Bishops, p. 423 of the Annual Report of Synod, 1869. " Charles Marryat, Convener." THE BISHOP'S DISSENT. " I dissent from this report, because:— "1. Contrary to the practice of the Uni versal Church, which has been followed by the j American, Scotch, and Irish Churches, it would vest the nomination of candidates for the vacant See in a Standing Committee composed I of Laymen and Clergymen, in the proportion of two to one; and because in this provision no sufficient guarantee i3 afforded for the inde- 1 pendent judgment of the Clergy (though voting by orders) on the election of their ' Bishop. The practice of the Catholic Church from the beginning having been for the Clergy j to nominate and the Laity to approve. ! "2. Because the Standing Committee, chosen principally for administrative purposes, is composed principally of urban and subur ban Clergy and Laity; and on the part of the Clergy, at least, it is no fair representation of the whole body for the general affairs of the Church. " 3. Because the election of the Bishop, as pro posed. by an absolute majority of the Clergy and Laity, voting by orders in Synod, admits the contingency of the largest possible dis sentient minoiity; and consequently the danger of dividing the diocese into two antago nistic parties. "4. Because the denial of voting by proxy ' to the rural Clergy, in a diocese so extensive, and with congregations so scattered as this of Adelaide, is practically to-disfranchise a large number of them, and give undue influence in the election to the town incumbents. ■ "5. Because the proposed scheme seems likely to place the election of the Bishop prac tically in the hands of the Standing Committee, and confine the candidature to the clerical members of that body. "A. Adelaide. "May 16, 1870." The Dean said this report was irregularly directed by the last Synod to be brought up to this Synod. He held that a Synod only had power to appoint a Committee to report to itself. Hp had no wish to take exception to the reception of the report, but he simply wished,to interpose this objection in order to prevent the course now being pursued passing into a precedent. PEW BESTS. The Rev. S. Green moved—-"That a Select Committee be appointed to consider how far it is practicable to abolish payment for sittings in churches in this diocese, and to forward their report to the Standing Committee." He argued that churches were God's houses, and it was a wrong thiDg to charge people to enter their Father's house. The question might be asked how should they support the clergy? but he believed a much better system could be adopted than by takiug payment for sittings. At pre sent the poor people were often repelled from God's house by the charge made for sittings, and he strongly advocated the system of volun tary offerings. He believed if the Committee were appointed a bett rr system could be pro posed. His Lordship pointed out that any clergyman could dispense with sittings if he chose to do so. Dr. Weld, Messrs. S. Toms and W. Bishop opposed the abolition of payment of sittings. The Bev. Canon DOVE spoke strongly against the unchristian nature of the system, which ho earnestly denounced. The Kev. E. K. Miller, the Dean, and Mr. Collet Bpoke in favor of the Committee of Enquiry. The motion was carried, and the following Committee was elected by ballot:—Dean Rus sell, Rev. S. Green, Canon Farr, Messrs. Hawkes and Colley, Canon Dove, Archdeacon Marry at, and Messrs. Young and Thrupp. [The foregoing includes all the most im portant portions of our report of the proceed ings in Synod, although want of space has com pelled us to make a few omissions. The com plete record will be found in the Advertiser and Chronicle.] 