UNDER THE SPELL. BY P5RDERICK W'ILLII ROBINSON. OIAPTER XXVYII. WILLIE LANO?EORD and his fair relatives found a goodly muster of company assem bled in the theatre to do honour to the ama teur performance in the evening. Literary, artistic, and even dramatic celebrities had been lured thither by the report of Mr. Lance's histrionic talents,-which the mem bers of the club had not been slow to pro mulgate,-and the representatives of the aristocracy were not few and far between. Literally, this was a fashionable night-one of the nights of the great London season. It would be the talk of the drawing- rooms for a few weeks hence, and those who were pre vented from attending would find them- 1 selves shut from the inner circle till a new event gave them the chance to take the foremost rank. Possibly there were not many in that theatre expectant of any great exhibition of talent; or who put their trust in country newspapers, or amateurs'. assertions. Still there was no small curiosity evinced to see the new Othello; and as the part of Des demona was to be played for the first time "by a young lady," one or two of a hard hearted race were congratulating themselves on some fun and a break-down. Seated in a private box, between Amy and his aunt, Willie began to feel a little nervous; to imagine himself in Nathan's place, and shudder at the idea. What would become of his nervous stage-stricken brother, when he advanced to the footlights and faced that terrible ordeal-a critical London audience? He did not believe that Nathan could bear up against it; for in his heart the estimate of Nathan's genius was not high. He might do for Enderfield House, and a private party of friends in clined to be lenient; but to go slap-dash at the world was a terrible feat, that might bring the aspirant to the ground without a leaf of the bays which he coveted. Willie would have thought more of Nathan, and felt a deeper concern, if Amy Pembereast had not been so near him. At her side his ideas were always a trifle confused, and he could think of little else but how pretty she looked, and what a lucky fellow he had been to take the lead in the race. He had every chance of winning the prize-he could read that in the blue eyes into whose depths he looked so fondly now and then. Still, Willie could but feel somewhat anxious concerning Nathan's success, for he did not like the idea of a Lanceford failing in anything, and he cast one hasty glance round the boxes to make sure his brother Edmund was still absent, as the orchestral band commenced playing and the audience began to assume attentive attitudes. The last notes of the overture at an end, a flutter of expectation amongst the white neckeloaths and the opera cloaks, and then the street in Venice, and Roderigo and lago treading the boards, Roderigo uncommonly shaky at the knees. "It's Harry Perks, Amy! I'll swear to that Roman nose of his through all the false hair and rouge. To think of meeting Harry Perks again in this fashion ! " Harry Perks and Roderigo did not make a very excellent beginning. Harry Perks was heavily weighted with his part; but he was of an ambitious turn of mind, and not inclined to play second fiddle to anybody. A certain amount of nerve kept him cool before his audience, and rendered him at least a happy contrast to Roderigo, whose " stage lnan " ? oa. anld..=?oo,? ?onh,? Swere &oJ; ,1y a rineo castanet movement, attributable to teeth chattering. Willie Lanceford paid little heed to the preliminaries; he was awaiting his brother's appearance, and not particularly charmed at present by the performance. He whispered to Amy that if Nathan did not make a better beginning than the gentlemen before him, it was all over with his hopes. "But Mr. Perks acts very well, Willie," said Amy. "Mfr. Perks wanted to play Othello, only he was outvoted by the mem bers of the club." "Harry Perks play Othello-that's a good joke !" and Willie laughed so heartily, that Amy felt inclined to be offended at his rude ness. The first scene had not come to an end, and a juvenile specimen of a Brabantio, who had tried hard to look older than one-and twenty and failed, was still gesticulating wildly, when a stir in a private box facing Willie's attracted his attention. "Brother Ned!" he could not help ex claiming aloud, "how glad I am to see him here in time; I am sure Nathan will He stopped soliloquising, and looked at Ned's companion intently-a handsome lady, elegantly dressed, who was a stranger to Willie, and evidently on good terms with Willie's brother. Deooidedly not Kitty Dornton. Probably, thought Willie, who was inclined to leap at conclusions, one of the rackety young ladies of whom Edmund had spoken. O, dear! he was very sorry; but this was not like the Edmund Lanceford of some years ago. "Knocking about town" had done him little good, he feared ! Willie was more interested in the occupants of the opposite box now than in the stage business; he could not understand how a man engaged to be married should be far away from the loved one with so handsome a lady for a companion. He saw that Edmund Lance ford was in oxcellent spirits, and that the lady laughed at all his remarks, and buried her face in a bouquet that would have made six of Amy's. But he fancied even at. that distance that the true spirits of Ned Lance ford were not there, and once as he looked away from the lady at his side, there was a weary look upon the face, which seeing life had rendered pale. Edmund's quick eyes detected Willio after a minute or two, and he nodded his head familiarly towards him before he turned to the lady again. Willie was concerned about two brothers now, and as the scone changed, and lie knew Nathan's turn had come, lie felt his interest in Edmund grow for an instant weaker. He hoped Nathan would succeed, although to succeed or fail mattered little to a Lance ford, with plenty of money at hiscommand. Ho could imagino at that moment the agony of a first appearance to one whoseo Slife and fortunes wore ostaked upon the fra gile hope of popular favour. A round of ap 'plaino by way of oncouragemtent to ttart, as Nathan Lanceford stood before the undience as Ilhakptoaro's iniuortal Moor. Ne wat tall, and prsetnteld a fair imporuonation of Othello ; thoere evt but one fltering muove itIa nts lihe a tldvao?id, which wito instnntly roproset0--than hiu stop had dignity and firmness. The first brief words in reply to N Iago told of self-possession, even of con- f sciousness of power; and the audience seemed to wake suddenly to interest. There was a strange silence throughout ti the house as Nathan Lanceford, amateur, t stood at the bar of public opinion. Edmund h Lanceford broke off his conversation with his fair companion, and resting his arms on y the cushion of the box, leaned as eagerly for- f ward as his youngest brother. It was already apparent that Nathan I Lanceford wasan amateur above the average, a and amateurs above the average leave a great many professionals behind in r these times, whatever Edmund Lance- t ford may think to the contrary. For in this world of hard work and I playing at work, there are some ama teurs in science, art, and literature, that ought to be professionals, and well-worn threadbare professionals, who would havo I remained amateurs all their lives had they t not understood the art of impudence too s well. It was in the council chamber that Nathan began to convince his audience that it was not the poor ambition to masquerade for a I few hours in strange clothes that had 1l brought him to the footlights. One. could s imagine the young actor to have dwelt long 1 and earnestly on the Moor's wrongs, the t Moor's character- to have studied Othello's inner life from the undying words of the t great bard. There was no mistaking the a earnestness with which he performed; he was no longer Nathan Lanceford, he had e forgotten that young gentleman altogether, and his soul was at work in his bold defence of Deedemona. And when his Hero comes the lady, lot her witness it, concluded his defence, and brought the new Desdemona on the stage, it was evident the night was to be something more than an amateur performance, and that more stars than one might shine in the same sphere. A young dark-haired Deedemona, such an one as Othello might have loved and gone mad for in old times-a Desdemona whose beauty elicited a murmur throughout the house, and whose want of self- possession was conquered less soon than Nathan Lance ford's. As she appeared, an old lady in the stage-box watched with intense interest the scene, and Edmund Lanceford pushed his chair back from the front, and glared at the heroine of the night as at a phantom. And no phantom beyond the heartless, L garish world in which he sought his happi 3 ness could have startled him so much or Shave iced his blood so thoroughly. Was it I not, too, a phantom from a world he had l quitted-a purer world, where the atmos 3 phere was less enervating, and the dweller therein less disturbed by passions conflicting and unholy? Surely that phantom had dwelt in a far away world of his own-a 2 world as unattainable as the dead hopes and Svain illusions belonging to it-where he had ? been happy and believing, and had a youth's rash confidence in that happiness 0 enduring. For many minutes he could not 0 glance towards the stage again, after the y first fascination had been overcome; he looked down into the pit with forced com :0 posure; he bit his lip and stared across the 8 house; he moved his chair still further back 0 in the box, and left his companion alone and )t unattended. Once she looked towards him A. with surprise, and asked some question, to 0 which he replied by a shake of the head, a and without meeting the deceitful bright e ness of the eyes that were turned in his Perhaps it was well for the Desdemona of that night that she played her part without much attention to her audience, that she was more the young wife of the Moor of Venice than the Oicely Mernott of nearly six years since. How far the phantom from a past world she had quitted would have affected her chances of success it is difficult to guess. Six years are a long time to keep a faithless lover's memory green; but it was well per haps that she did not glance towards that white face in the box so close to her-old associations might have disturbed her, and much depended on her chances of that night. It was not only a question of fame and name, but of living; the stage was to be come her profession, as it had been that of her mother. Time had worked its change in Mrs. Mernott's fortunes and intentions they had both broken down together. We may know the how and why a little later in this story's progress. The play proceeded. Miss Mernott over came her timidity, and acted forcibly and well. The act drop descended. There was a buzz of conversation in the house, and the merits and demerits of the ddbutants were being freely canvassed. When the perform ance commenced again all was hushed attention; and evenr, the slight mistakes and errors in stage business of the majority of the amateurs were forgotten, for the sake of the two stars so strangely starting at once from obscurity. Willie was still perplexed with Nathan's genius, and inclined to fear that his success would turn his head and make an actor of him, although he ap plauded as loudly as the rest, and was as anxious to intoxicate Othello with applause as anyone in the theatre. In the middle of the third act he thought of Edmund again, and looked towards his box. Edmund was not visible; and the lady who had accom panied him was picking her bouquet to pieces with a very unamiable expression of countenance. Suddenly Willie's box door opened, and an attendant entered to say that a gentle man in the lobby wished to speak with Mr. Lanceford. Willie, with a hasty apology to Amy and his aunt, hurried Tuto the lobby, preceded by the box-keeper. He was fear ful that Edmund was ill, or that Nathan had suddenly broken down with excitement at the wing, and wished to favour him with a few parting words before giving up the ghost. He came upon Edmund at last pacing up and down the lobby, and tearing one white kid glove into long narrow strips as he walked. "Willie, I'm going. I can't stand the heat of the house, its noise and excitement. I want you to cee Nathan immediately after the tragedy, and bring him to the hotel to receive my congratulations on his success. Mind you bring hnim; and lot him know also that I have beeoon an attentive observer from the beginning. It may please the stage struck old follow. Willie, he hase gone ahead of us Lancefords. Hio has at leat done one thing well'."' S"Yos, butt--" Willie began, hoesitat intg. "'But it's a udsaugo thlug to excel in I Well, we're a strange lot. You will not forget to bring Nathan?" " I will see him directly after the tragedy. Whether I shall be able to accompany him to the hotel is rather doubtful. I am with the Pemborcasts, and must escort them home." "I had forgotten the Pembercasts. True, you must do the amiable; and it is hard to fly from Circe so early in the evening. Well, we shall see you some time before cockcrow. Have you a pencil handy and the back of an old love- letter?" Willie produced his pencil-case, and his pocket-book by way of substitute for the tender epistle inquired for. "I should not run away till it was over if I felt better, Ned," said Willie. "Who says I'm better ?" "Your spirits seem on the rise again." "I must keep struggling to rise, or down I go to the bottom. It will not do to think too much to-night. Frivolous, foolish, bitter, stern, everything by turns and nothing long, Willie." "Do you really feel ill?" " My head aches; my brain is dancing all kinds of mad jigs," said he, wildly. "I'm like a nervous woman who thinks a good scream will do her good. It's the late hours last night, or the water party to-day.- Time to get married off hand now, Willie. A fast game is a losing one, with not a trump in the hand but the king-the king of terrors, as the poets say. Here, box- keeper!" He had booeen writing rapidly during his equally rapid conversation, and as he con cluded his remarks he tore the leaf from Willie's book and folded it notewise. "Here, box-keeper! " to the functionary who responded to his call, "take this to the lady in box 23, please." "Any answer, sir ?" "Not any. Look alive." "That lady is-" Willie began. "No one I shall over introduce Willie Lanceford to," said he, with a short laugh that betokened no merriment. "The best company and the most indifferent character of all the fair Phrynes who sailed up the river to-day with my friends and acquaint ances. I am glad to be quit of her, though. She will think me a great bear; but my head aches, and I must be alone. I'm only tired, . nothing more." "Is it any good asking you to come to my box? I am very anxious, Ned, to in troduce you to Amy. So many years have passed since you saw her last, that I shall introduce you as a new acquaintance." T"Keep her out of bad company, Will. An revor-." And Edmund Lanceford hurried away, leaving Willie to return to the side of his lady-love, whose charms had so little attrac tion for a hair-brained brother. Willie found the new Othello and Desdemona had made still further strides in public estima tion since he had parted from them. The audience had been worked up into enthusi asm; the house was ringing with applause; and the cries for Lance and Mernott (it was now known throughout the house that the new actress was the daughter of one who ° had been famous in the same profession e several years ago) to appear before the cur Stain at the end of the third act were not to Sbe subdued but by the presence of the par k ties called for. Willie could have wished that night that n Amy Pembercast had shown a little of the general excitement, and not have sat by his I side so calm and ladylike and unmoved. He Swould have preferred the pretty statue in Storested in the fate of Desdemona, and in clinoed to scratch Iago's .eyes. out.. He felt f far more moved himself, though there was it so much to distract his mind from that en 5 chantment which a true stage artist throws e around us. No wonder his brother Ed ' mund's head ached; especially after a water t party" where the wine had been flowing d freely, for his own temples throbbed un Smercifully. He was proud of Nathan's Stalent, and excited by his success, and yet he kept forgetting his brother and believing it only in the Moor of Venice, till some pecu d liar tone of his voice reminded him of d home, and set him thinking of the Limes Sand the father of that tall, bespangled figure d who maintained such mastery over the \- emotions of his audience. Then there was f Mrs. Pembercast to console; for her Snerves were not so strong as her daughter's, and the tragedy of Othello was too much for e her. She sobbed and choked at everthing, n and kept dashing off her blue' spectacles with her lace handkerchief in thoughtless \- attempts to wipe her eyes. Altogether d Willie had a great deal on his mind,- and he is was glad when the fate of his brother and se Miss Mernott was decided, and voices were e calling and recalling them, and it was rain \- ing bouquets from the boxes, and frantic d stage-goers in the pit were waving their hats d and cheering lustily. f Ah ! it is a grand event to the lucky ones f who achieve these great successes ; it is a Smemorable sight to those who witness it. SFew-and far between are the triumphs that r pave the way and make smooth the road to d greatness. We can afford to .be a little \- boisterous in our greeting when great writers, Sstatesmen, actors, singers, win the laurel Scrown. In the first moments of their tri f umph our heart shares with them their satis faction, albeit we are toiling far below them on the hill ourselves, and may never reach the summit. I don't say that we are not 0 jealous and discontented afterwards-one or two of us. Willie had to apologies again for leaving d the Pembercasts, and to state his reason for so doing; and ten minutes afterwards, when r. he had fought hard, bribed heavily various o officials, and stated fifty times that he was a r, brother of Mr. Lance's and had important e- business to transact, he found himself tum-. n bling amongst side-scenes and stage debris it towards the dressing-room of Mr. Nathan I Lance. He found Nathan divested of his .o Venetian garb and Moorish complexion, it and looking very pale and commonplace by g contrast. is "My dear Nat, this has been a great suc cess indeed! Heaven knows whether it will 0 turn your brain, spoil your prospects in life, t. bring down on your head a shower of pater r nial reproaches; but I must congratulate . myself on having a brother a genius, and i. him on a success next door to miraculoeus." 0 "Thank you! I never expected a tri i umph," said Nathan, blushing like a girl. " The peoplo grow blind to my faults and e wore not dieeruninating enough. Ibiss litor it nott doorved all her laurels, but I-I have miiuieh to learni" " To lears I Why you never intend, Nat to itiek to this mansquerirading ? ' I "It 1 a noble profeoloni, and thoro is a great chance before me," replied Nathan, evasively. "A chance of alarming your friends and relations, and disgusting Mr. Lanceford." "A chance of making the stage some thing higher and bettor than it is; of point ing the moral and adorning the tale, in lieu of degrading it to the level of common minds, by stupid farce and extravagant bur lesque." " Your mission is not to reform the stage, Nat." "Why should I not attempt to make it the moral teacher again, Willie? I have means, time, and energy." " And ability for the matter of that; but I don't like the idea." "Well, this is not the place to discuss the matter," said Nathan; "and I have an en gagement to- " "Before you talk of engagements, I have a message to deliver from Ned. He was .) here before you made your ddlut, and has attentively watched your progress. He is anxious to see you to-night, and begs that you will sup with him at his hotel." "Not to- night." "You don't think anything of his hard words on amateurs, yesterday? He was sorryho had wounded your feelings." "Oh ! I don't think very deeply of Ned's hard words. He thinks as little of what he says as of the result of the wild life which he leads. I am not flattered by the patro nage of my elder brother; and I wish he had not been here to-night with his strange looks-his strange companion." "But you will go to his hotel as soon as you can ? he fully oxpects you, Natlhan." "Is anyone elso expected? " asked Na than, with his old nervous look. "Your humble servant, that is all." "Well-I'll come." SWillie spoke a little more of Edmund to Nathan, of his good qualities, and that new recklessness that was going so far to spoil him. "You and I together, Nat, must do our best to turn Edmund from these new moods and doubtful acquaintances. We mustn't see Ned going down the hill without an effort." "No," said Nathan, decisively. "Better to be married to Kitty Dornton than go wrong." "Yes, I think so." Willie went away convinced that he had removed the little difference which had existed between his elder brothers, and interested Nathan in the future fortunes of one, who despite his faults and heedlessness had been a general favourite all his life. He proceeded at once to the box where he had left Amy and her mother, and found a fresh-coloured, large- whiskered young man talking and laughing very pleasantly with them, and Amy Pombercast looking far more I animated than when Othello was smothering Desdemona. "What, Harry Perks!" "My dear Lancoford, how are you ?" and a white-gloved hand was languidly placed in that of Willie's. "Very well, thank you. How well you I are looking, Harry. What a time it is since you and I have met. I'm so precious glad to see you ! " was Willie's honest exclama tion. I" Ya'as." Willie dropped the hand of Mr. Perks, and looked hard at him. Willie was not a slow youth, and was quick to detect a cold ness or a difference; and he saw at once there was a difference between the present Perks and the Harry of old times. Harry Perks was a good fellow, rather big and bouncing, perhaps; but then he was a head boy, .and the master was inclined to make much of him. But this Perks was a prig of a fellow, with a drawl that curdled his blood, and a languid, lackadaisical air that had the contrary effect, and warmed it rather too much. Willie fancied after a few minutes that he could detect a patronising air about Mr. Perks, and patronage was a thing that Willie had never booeen able to put up with. Great heavens! this was an awful change in a man. Was it possible that Harry Perks had turned out such a wretched speci men.of humanity ? Willie had always trusted to find Harry Perks the hearty being he had left at school, as if schoolfellows were not liable to change, and grow up sometimes the very reverse of the good follows left behind at their desks and task-books. Still, the first meeting required time to develop character, and perhaps he was look ing at him with jaundiced eyes, for he was by Amy's side and monopolising all her attention. He talked of the tragedy, and Perks as lago; and Perks said, "ya'as" again, and thought it was good fun; and ,rather implied that Othello was his particular \--orte. "Amateur theatricals aore all very wa'al very wa'al in their way; but the fact is, everybody wants the best part. I gave up Othello myself because your brother wa'as so particularly anxious to distinguish him self." "Ah! and he did distinguish himself too," said Willie, quickly; "and I'm sorry, Perks, you lost your chance of shining. Better luck next time, perhaps." "Ya'as." Willie sat down somewhat flushed by the side of his aunt, and left Amy and Mr. Perks to the front seat, and their exclusive conversation. He kept his eyes and ears open though; he had a right to do that, being Amy's lover, with a hope of making her his pretty young wife some day. Ho lot his aunt take the lead in conversation, and answered chiefly in monosyllables, and looked down on Mr. Perks's hair, which was like a great girl's, parted in the middle-the milksop. Heigho I Time changes all things, and reverses many favourable opinions. Here was Willie Lanceford setting Harry Perks down for a milkeop, and the old idol of his boyish worship prostrate and shattered. He would be glad when the farce was ended, and the green curtain down for good. SAnd yet Willie Lanceford was not jealous of Amy; he was savage with Harry Porks's affectation, and hurt that Amy had no more consideration for his feelings than to leave him to AuntPomborcast and her blue specta oles; but there was none of that frightful moral weakness, the giving way to which causes murder and suicidoe-vide the tragedy of that evening. Ho would look forward to the morrow, when there would be no Mr. Perks between him and the sun, when he should be happy with Amy Pomborcast all to himself. IHeo was looking forward to the morrow, when Mr. Perks, who had contrived to accompany them homo to supper, was the lion of the ovoning, and was still by Amy's side, and he indulged in quite a philosophic train of roa soning when ho wont away to his hotel and loft that smooth-faced old schoolfellow of his still prancing in the field. 1Ho had implicit confidence in Amy, and ho was not going to be jealous so late in the day. Things had takon an important turn since the days of Black Moustacho at Molcombo Rogis, and it was too lato for tho green-oyed monstor after the balcony sceno and his explanations with mamma. Victory!-ho was a Lancoford, who had mado up his mind to be happy in his loves. oHrAPrER XXVIHI. Will Lanceford was surprised to find Ed mound still alone when he was ushored into his room at the hotol. He was more our prised to find him sitting at the table with his arms folded thereon, and his old friends -or enemies-the decanters, thickly mus tered round him. Willie had not stood at the door a moment, speculating as to the probability of his brother being asleep or not, when Edmund changed his position, eat back in his chair, took up a cigar, and looked towards his brother as ho lighted it. "Come in, young ghost," was his first salutation. "No Nathan yet?" said Willie, closing the door behind him. " You expected to find him here, then ? " "Yes-he promised faithfully to come." "Then he'll turn up if he promised," said Edmund; "I had a strong idea you wore both playing me a trick." "Was it likely?" "Everything's likely to-night-dull bro thers turn out geniuses; ghosts rise from spirit land; the present sinks into the past, and man's future breaks into nothingness and wrecks him. 'It's a mad world, my masters! '" "And brother Ned's not the sanest party in it." " Sagacious being !" answered Edmund, drily. "Come, Ned, a clean breast of it," said Willie, taking a chair near him, and letting his hand fall on his arm, "what is trou bling you? Be penitent, and confess to a disgust of this now, artificial, heartless lifo of yours." "I confess to an extra bottle of wino at the water party, nothing more-save and except," he added, "a change of liquid here, which has done for me. Never mix your wines, Willie, it's the worst of habits. It makes a man a fool." "Why don't you go to bed, and see Na than in the morning?" "For what have I been keeping those late hours, do you think, but to see him to night?" "But your business is not very import ant?" "No," said Edmund, after a long pause, "it's not important. It will do no good or harm; I've nothing to say to him nothing." He reached out a trembling hand for the decanter; and the action, the position in which he sat, even the peculiar hard look upon his face, reminded Willie of a similar scene years ago, when Edmund was a ro mantic youth, with whose first passion a father had interfered. Willio could almost fancy he was at the Limes again, that Ed mund had returned full of wild unsettled thoughts, and that only a few rooms distant, down the corridoer, were assembled the drawing-room guests. And yet to look at Edmund intently was to dissipate that illusion-the youth's face, stern as it had been marked then, was not the deep-lined countenance of that man of the world near him. Willie was still wondering what had tended to disturb Edmund, or whether this was his brother's usual manner now London had engulfed him, when the door re-opened, and Nathan made his appearance. "Well, you have not beeoon in a hurry to hasten to the fraternal embraces, Nat," said Edmund; "surely an enthusiastic public did not encore the tragedy ?" "No," said Nathan, in his usual subdued tones; "I have been detained, that's all. I hope I have not kept you waiting very long ?" "The time has seemed long, Nathan," answered Edmund; "but then I have boon anxious to congratulate you on your very grand success." "You should have waited till the end of the tragedy, and come with Willie." "I was ill, and out of sorts. I'm out of sorts now confoundedly. Hero, sit down Nat, and drink. I want to talk to you of the stage-your past and future struggles on it. Will you smoke?" "Not to-night, thank you." "Don't begin looking at that cursed watch," said Edmund; "I grant no leave of absenee ' till daylight doth appear.'" "But you forget - " began Nathan. "But you forgot, Nathaniel the stage struck, that this is the night of your first appearance, and of my last. This is a littlo farewell benefit of mine; won't you support me ?" "' Cortainly," said Nathan, regarding his brother dubiously. "To-morrow I'm off in earnest. Off abroad with Kitty Dornton under my wing. I've tried all kinds of life but married life that last resource will break or make me, Nat-guess which! " "I'm a bad hand at guessing. It's not the best match in the world, I have always thought." "Oh! it don't matter whom I marry," said Edmund, carelessly; "I'll make the good lady that is to be comfortable enough in my way. My Omphalo is a quiet, homely wench, who will not expect to soee Hercules always spinning at her foeet and talking non sense. Try the madeira, Nat." Nathan filled his glass at Edmund's re quest, but suffered it to remain untasted at his elbow. "Intoxicated already-oh, Nathan, with that applause which sent me off with a racking headache and a delightful confusion of ideas? I hope Miss Mornott bore her share of the laurels with composure ?" "It was a great succoss!" "lThis has boon a night of marvels. Two first appearances, and both successful," re marked Willie. "My first appearance in public, Willie, occurred seven months since, under a strange name, at a country theatre," said Nathan. "But I have played Othollo so 1 many times now, that Ioughtto make some thing out of it. Wait till Mr. Lance sue coods in something elso beforo you talk of triumphs." " Is this Miss Msornott's first appearance ?" inquired Edmund. It Yes." Nathau, in a manner that seemed a little egotistical, attempted to turn the conversa tion to himself and his success again. He did not caro to discuss the moerits of Miss Mfornott's acting. But Edmund was firm to his own choico of subject also, and somo re marks he mado drow Nathan to a topic loss selfish. "That old mother of hers I had a better opinion of," said Edmund, with acerbity. "A rich old woman who has earned money sufficient to keep herself and daughter in good circumstances, should have had more prudence than to have thrust that daughter into a world of meanness, jealousy, and temptation, however high the order of talent possessed." "All worlds are full of meanness, jealousy, and temptation; why make the stage an especial object for attack, Ned ?" "I say that there is more vice and more temptation in a dramatic profession than in others. I say Mrs. Mefornott knows that. She is an old stager herself, and has beeoon a witness to much sin and sorrow." "She has borne a good name amidst it all, Nod," said Nathan. "The world has never meddled with her name, or done any thing but honour her for the talents ex hibited in public, and the virtues that adorned her private life." " Still elshe must have found it a strange world, and soon much therein to shock her. She could not have imagined it the most proper sphere for a young and innocent girl to be launched into. I say that old woman was wrons I", And Edmund Lanceford's hand came with a heavy bang on the table. " Ono moment, Nod, before you judge her," said Nathan, rapidly warming. "I know more of her story and her daughter's than yourself. You are too rash with your assertions." "You know Mrs. Mornott ?" "Yes." "And her daughter, Cicely ?" "I know them both," said Nathan, with a blush that was not unheeded by his ex cited brother. "Sound the trumpet, and cry up their virtues. How have I misjudged the mother ? " "The mother's wish was not the daughter's. The mother decried the stage life-the daughter was anxious to com mence it." "Good heaven, how changed! but go on. Why did this daughter long for the glare of the footlights, and the applause of a frivolous crowd ? Had the story of her mother's suc cess turned her brain ?" "No! but the story of her mother's loss, of her mother's fortune being suddenly stolen from her by an unscrupulous solicitor, set her thinking on the best means of pre serving that mother from the poverty that threatened her." "And this is the best means!" said Ed mund, with a sneer. " She inherited her mother's genius, and the stage offered to her the best chance of a rapid success," continued Nathan. "Other professions would have been difficult to suc ceed in, and have parted her from the mother whom she loved. After much reflec tion, much reasoning with her mother, she chose the stage. I think her choice was wise." "It was rash !" "The stage and its temptations will not harm Oicely Mernott. A pure-minded, true-hearted girl passes through all danger unscathed. There is no reason for your fears." "For msy fears I What have I to fear if a woman loses all sense of modesty and takes to masquerading? She is no friend of mine !" "Miss Mornott is a friend of your brother's, I would have you remember, Ed mund ! " said Nathan, gravely. "A friend of yours ? How long have you known these Mornotts, then ?" "A considerable time now-two years perhaps," said Nathan; "still, it is only within the last three months that I have been on friendly terms with them." "And you have discovered in Oicely Mer nott the pure-minded, true-hearted girl who is to pass through temptation like an angel of light? " Nathan's brow contracted a little at his brother's galling tone; but he answered quietly "Yes." "You will find her like the rest of the world, Nathan, easily impressed, readily moved, quick to encourage a lover, or to throw one aside in silence and scorn, accord ing to the mood she is in, or the lies she may hear. Is there a woman in the world untrained in the art that deceives?" "I should hope so," said Nathan. "Don't wager a pooket-piece on that hope, then, or you'll lose it." "Ned Laneeford, you are a cynio to night; a Juvenal without the wit or the power to crush the women you condemu. Go to bed-sloop off the effoects of the wine, and rise to-morrow with a better opinion of the opposite sex." " My opinion is unchangeable," said Ed mund. " No matter, it is worth nothing," re sponded Nathan, coolly; "it is based on false promises, it takes its colouring from indifforont society. You may speak from experience, Ned-I don't doubt it; but leave meote have faith in friends of a higher order than your own." "By all means," said Edmund, with a dignified wave of his hand, as if such gracid ous permission were at once accorded; " granted, Nathan Lanceford, tragedian. Keep to your faith in actresses' virtue, in your belief that the stage is the best school for young ladies' education, and that stage acquaintances, a matchmaking old woman and a volatile daughter, are friends so far above mine that I am not worthy to judge them." "Were you anxious to bring me hero to night for the solo purpose of insulting me ?" cried Nathan. "I wished to offer you my brotherly ad vice; to congratulate you on your success; and to warn you to reach no higher for fresh laurels lost you break the neck of a Lance ford before the fitting time arrives." "I have no wish to quarrel; but I cannot understand you. You may be insulting me by method or by ignorance. You may be more drunk than I believe. Good even ing I" f Nathan rose. "Won't you try that madeira?" "No." "Are you going back to the Mornotts ?" "Not to-night." 3 "Are you in love with the dark-haired \- daughter of that name? 'Take care! take r are !-slihe is fooling thee ! '" sang Edmund 3 Lanceford. "Good evening !" And Nathan, determined to keeoop his tom 3 per, crossed to the door. "Your faith and chivalrous devotion will soon give way if you turn to this phantom for love, Nathan; she will not trust in your vows, or believe in your honesty one instant, after the words of the slanderer have boon hissed in her ear. Take my warning, Nat, and-good evening!" "You know those Mernotts?" said Nathan. "I have heard of them," was the evasive answer. " You have no right to condemn them by hearsay. It is you who have listened to the words of the slanderor. Ned, Ned, you are wrong ! " "So be it-consider me wrong, Nat, and lot us drop the subject. Come and sit down again." "Too late-I am tired." "You and I, Nat, are old friends-true brothers," said Edmund, in rather a maud lin manner. "Years ago you gave me a turn, and I have never forgotton it. You're a good follow at bottom, and won't leave me to drink all this madeira alone. Come and have a smoke, and make yourself jolly. I'll say no more of the Mornotts." "You forget that I have beeoon playing Othello, Edmund." "And you forget this is my farewell benefit; in truth I go away to-morrow, and leave no sign for many months to come. Don't throw us overboard so early in the evening, or morning-which is it?" "I will sea you early in the morning, before you go," said Nathan, still firm in his resolution to withdraw. "See what a good example William Ernest sets you." "William Ernest must be moving too," said Willie, yawning. "What a man you are for late hours, Ned ! " "Who wouldn't prefer late hours to toss ing about in a bed where no sloop comes, no rest is felt? I'm a child of six years old that detests its bed like poison. I've an uneasy conscience, like Macbeth or Richard the. Third, Nat; I murdersloop! Don't go, I have more to toll you!" "No." "About the Mernotts-about my past life, and the present, which is mad and reckless, and in which I am killing myself. Come back !" he shouted. Nathan hesitated. For a moment he stood irresolute at the open door; then he closed the door again and returned to his seat. "Now about the Meornotts-what more of them, Edmund?" "Ah ! you thought there was something more in the back- ground," said Edmund, filling his glass and emptying it off at a gulp; "right you were. There's a secret. Don't go, Willie; you know the begin ning of it years ago-hear all about the end." Edmund had turned very pale, and his bloodshot eyes wore full of fire. As he reached his hand again towards the decanter he felt Nathan's hand on his pushing it 1 aside, and met a face as pale as his own and eyes as glittoring. 2 "Finish your story before you drink i again." "There's not much to tell you, and I must keep the steam up. Well, if you are firm, I give way." And ho leaned back in his seat, and I watched Nathan shift the decanters out of his reach. "If you are firm, I give way ! " c Had this boon the maxim of Edmund Lance ford through life, and had following it marked him for ruin? "You remember the old story in which no names were mentioned-both of you. How it all ended, thanks to Mr. Lanceford, and what a reckless fool it made me. I won't repeat it; you know no good to me or others came of it. Soo what I am now, and 1 then say that I never felt deeply, or had a serious thought. Nat Lanceford, Cicely f Mornott was my first love; the only girl a I have over loved, by God! Don't you u heoar?" "I hear," Nathan answered, hol lowly. "My father hatched some lies which she and her mother were weak enough to be lieve. They showed their trust in me by leaving me without a word. She, who pro tended to lovo me, could not wait one word of explanation, but left me to my own des pair. My curses on the folly that could build its hopes in woman's earnestness and faith. There's the story; haven't I a right to complain-to drink-to marry Kitty Dornton, after that ? Haven't I a right to rail at women, after being made their dupe -to rail at Cicely Mornott, and her mother in particular ?" "You have no right to enot down your faults and follies to their charge," said Nathan; "to make one mistake, perhaps on both sides, answerable for the life you have led, and the reckless act you would commit." "Marrying Kitty Dornton is the only honourablo act of my lifo. I'll do that with out repenting ! " "And yet Miss Moernott is the only girl you have over loved," said Willie. "The only one, upon my soul! " cried Edmund. "I thought I had swept her from my heart,-that I was only a boy when I loved her first, and that it was easy to forgot; but when she started into life a few hours since, I know better. And now, sho is an actress, and she might have boon my wife years ago, and kept me from the wreook. What did she think of me-what devilish falsehoods wore told of meo-to make her throw me off without a word? What does she think of me now ?-wrotch that I am!" ?eo covered his face with his hands, and then dropped heavily forwards on the table, and moaned. Willie looked across at Nathan, who sat pale and silent, his dark eyes steadily regarding his older brother. "What's to be done, Nat?" "Let him cryon," said Nathan; "it may sober him." "I'm not drunk," murmured Edmund, without raising his head-" I'm not a bit drunk now. I'm in the hard world, and floored I" "Go to your room. You and I will talk of this to-morrow." "I have done with the subject for over." "No, no-not till I have rovivod it onco I again and learned what is real fooling, and what is maudlin sentiment. You and I 1 must understand each other, Edmund, this once in our lives." " My path is chosen; lot me follow it." "Follow it blindly and foolishly you will; but it must not cross that of others, mar ring fresh livos and casting on old foul as porsions." "Nathan Lancoford, you lovo that girl! " he cried, looking felorcely up again. "I do not own it-I dony it not. Leave the story as it is until the day be a few hours older," replied Nathan. "I may find you to-morrow a changod man." "A villain-always a villain! " "I will call horo at elevon- will that be too early?" "Say twelve." "Twolvo be it," said Nathan. "Good night !" Edmund mechanically oxtended his band, and shook that of his brother, and then Nathan bade Willie good-night, and wont gravely and slowly from the room, and down the broad staircase to the entrance-hall, where the drowsy night porter let him out into the street. Nathan Lanceford gave quito a sigh of relief when he felt his foot ringing on the deserted pavement, and the cool night air blowing on him. Ho was glad to be alono, for he had much to think of, and the story of his brother's life had troubled him. A few hours before hlie had had many hopos in his own future; now all seemed dark as the night in advance of him, and his successful debut seemed years ago, when his heart was i full of lightor thoughts. He walked on with gloomy downcast looks, like a man in a dream, and the policoman that tramped past him, and the flaunting wanderers of the I night that flitted by, were all parts of the I vision which he hooded not in his progress. Liko a man in a dream hurrying away from evil and ungenerous thoughts, he walked on rapidly, with no heed to time or place in his I eagerness to escape. Hfo had never been a slave to self; in the depths of his grave silent nature there had lain much noble ness; but ho thought much of self that 1 night-it was always prominent and at his sido to bid him turn against that brother, and study his own happiness. What had his brother over done to him I but treat him with indifference, or ovince 1 now and then a flash of affection, that like i the lightning left all darker than before? I His brother had sown his own troubles- - lot him gather them! Was he to rise and help him reap the harvest he had boon sow ing for himself-see himself alone amidst 1 his baffloed hopes, and his brother with full granaries? A few words might turn the scale either way now, and he felt it hard to dash down in the balance the one great t hope that had brightened his own life, and c see the chances turn against him-and for whom ? I For one who had boon wild and reckless, and might mar a second life-who was even engaged to be married-yet for one who had loved Oicoly Mornott, and whom that Cicoly might be loving still and mourning for!-z Ho did not know yet, he had no right to know. Might he by a word save Edmund I Lanceford from himself? Soo the bright i looks return, and know it was the brother of old once again at his side-by a word, and r yet begrudge it? Yes, for he had no con fideneo in Edmund Lanceford now; he Ii would believe that brother was sinking v surely to ruin, caring not whom he dragged r to the depths with him. He would think o that, for it made him stronger in the now u purpose he had formed, to strike one blow v for his own happiness before some wild act e of his brother's should dash it away. For . the first time in his life ho felt his hand was c raised against that brother's, and his heart ti was hardened to his trouble. f(lb be contined.) n 