.XHE SYDNIcr BOWING- OLUB REGATTA, I SATURDAY, DEOEMBBU 10TH, on saturday nítoruoon last, tho socoml quarterly regatta at tm oydnoy Wowing Club touk placa, and wo aro well pleased to Iii nblo to say tlint It was us successful ns could have boen anticipated 'Ilia weither wns Uno, hut was extremely warm, mnktngltanytlilni but a pleasant task, for tlioso who wero rowing. Wo need nurdi; say that thora was a largo attendance of spootators, tho Sydne; Honing Club is such a popular Institution with our cltlzons, thai a regatta held under its auspices is always sure to bo well patro nlscd. There must havo been fully 700 peoplo prosent, consplcuoui amongst whom wore a largo number of ladies who appeared ti thoroughly onjoy tho sport. Wo cannot say much in favor of tin lowing : not that it was bad or inforlor, but with ona singlo oxcop tion, all tho races wero perfect gifts to the winners. Several foul took placo in the course of tho day, which materially interfere! with tho chances of soino ot tho competitors. Undoubtedly tin best raco of tho day, was thuaentor sculls raco, for which Willis Barton, Fitzhardingo, and J. Clarke contended. The lattor wai in no trim for rowing, but ho kept up very woll with his men whllo his condition lasted, lt was a truly splendid contesl hetweoii tho other three, and tho plucky rowiug ol Mr Barton, olicltcd much commendation.. The senior git raco created n groat deal of excitement, mid it waa thought thal tho "light crew" would bo tho violors. Tho reversa was tho caso, however, us tho "river crew" wont away at a splitting pace, and was never caught, cvontunlly winning easily. Tho crew who repro sented tho University wero ovor-mittclicd, and novor lind n ghost of n chanco after tho first half-milo. Wo congrattilato Mr Blaxland, stroke of tho " river crew," upon tho vost improvement (Unplayed by lils craw. Wo havo below given a full account ot tho durèrent tacos, so that a further description is not necessary. Ur Q. L Dcloltto, tho Captain of the Club, was very successful lu tin disctta'rgo af his duties, as starter and umpire. Wo regret to say, that owing to a severo attack of Illness, Mr II. Freeman, thc secretary of tho Club, Ayas uniiblo to lend a hand towards bringing off tho regatta. Mr Allan Yeomans, however, mudo nn excellent substituto. Tho following ls n dotailod account of tho racing : First Itaco-For all members who havo nevor started In a race, with sculls. Course-From club-houso round llagboat and shh; in Lavender Bay,'round flagboat nt Kirribilli Point and back tc club-houso. Attila-C. Oliver . 1 Hosie-M. J. Parnell. 2 Daisy-F. D. Adams. ¡J Berkshlro-F. Blaxland -IV, II. Chard ... . This was only n middling start, and thoy had only pulled a fow Btrokca whon Chard and Adams fouled ; these two had hardly got properly under weigh when Parnell and Oliver also carno into col- lision, and a llttlo timo elapsed beforo thoy again shirted. This left Adams with a blt of a lead, but ho pulled a wretched course, followed by all tho othors with tho exception of Parnell. Owing to tho bad course pulled by tho others Farnell led by about six lengths, rounding Ilia llagboat ; Oliver and Adams third. Before they got to Kirribilli, Ollvor had caught tho loader and soon took tlicl cad. Ho never afterwards hoing interfered with, finished somo thrco lengths in advance of Parnell who was second. Adams was a bad thlid, and Blaxland nnd Chard gavo up. The fliigbont at Kirribilli had drifted from her moorings, nnd the men lind to row considerably further than tho stipulated distance. Second Huco-For nil members rowing a pair of sculls in skill's. Samo courao as No. 1. Barb-T. Willis. 1 Galatea-E. Barton. 2 Adelphi-G. Fitzhardingo. i. 0 Elvira-J. Clark Barton got off with a flying start, but had only pulled a fow strokes when a boat pulled across tho bows of his craft, nnd he lind to stop pulling. Willis went on with tho lead, Barton second, Clark third and Fltzlmrdingo fourth, theso two i cing very close to- gether. Willis increased lils lend up to tho llagboat in Lavender Bay which he rounded BIX lengths In front of Burton. Clark and Barton carno i n't o contact Just beforo thoy rounded tho flngbont, and dcluy consequent upon this mishap enabled Fitzhardingo to get up within two lengths of Barton ; Clark herc retired from the contest. Willis lcd by three lengths past Milson's Point, where Harton and Fitzhardingo wero lovel ; tho latter tot about half a length in fr-nut of Barton; but tho latter soon cunio np to him again'. Froiri'horo to Kirribilli Ihoso two roil ed a truly desperate raco, both boats wera sido by sido, and tho mon wero exactly level nil tho way, it being ono of tho finest pieces of rowing ever wit- nessed lu Port Jackson. Of course tho desperate spurting of theso mon brought thom close up to Willis, and when the latter naascd where ho thought thc llngboat ought to havo been, ho was only a length ahead of Harton, Fitzhardingo was third, but ho had apparently given up tho contest. When thoy passed tho ?ed buoy off Fort Macquarie thcro was still a length dlltorcnco between Willis and Hurlen, but us soon us thoy got into tho still water, tho latter began to catch his man. Inch by inch lie crept up to bim, amidit tho loud cheers of tho excited spectators, and, fifty yards from home, tho boats wcru hardly levai, Willis having a very slight advantage. Unfortunately, however, Barton ran foul of a largo boat, and so had to stop pulling, Willis thus coming In, nt tho last, an easy winner. Wo understand that Mr Barton lias entered a protest against tho prize being awarded to Slr Willis. Third ltaco.-Mombors (Juniors) rowing four oars in gigs Courso -From Club- houso round flagboat and ship In Lavondor Bay, round Fort Denison and back to Club-house. FhMbo-J, Curtis, T. Harrison, A. Bennett, F. Unit ; coxswain, Day..-. 1 Pearl-J.S. Adams, E. S. Ruthven, C.H.Barton, W.F.Booby; coxswain. L. M'Kay . 2 Edith-C. W. Eu Jd, T. Stokes, J. Anderson, J. Nichols; cox- swain, J. Wilson. This raco requires very littlo description, as tho Phoebe took a strong lead from tho start, was novor caught, and won very easily by any illstanco ; Pearl was second up to tho llagboat, where tho Edith caught her ; but they unfortunately fouled, and ns one of tho poppet-heads of tho. Edith gave way, they retired from tho contest. '.' Fourth (lace.-Members who havo not won such a raco provlotisly rowing two pairs of sculls in skiff. Course-samo os No. 1. Elvira-lt. Clark, G. M. Dcloltto ; coxswain, J. Wilson. 1 Tho Crow-M. Pnrnoll, lt W. Robertson ; coxswain, T. M'Kay 2 Haidee-A. T. and T. W. F. Wilshire. 3 Tito Crow took n slight lead nt tho start, but they wero soon I passod by tho Elvira, and passing tho llagboat tho latter wore a couplo of lengths in front of them. Haidee kept up with tho leaders for a short timo, but soon dropped off, and wore nowhere at tho finish, Elvira coming in an easy winnor. Fifth Raco.-Members (senior) rowing four oars in gigs. Samo courso as third race. Curlew-F. Blaxland, C. Barton, E. Barton, J. Blaxland ; cox- swain, M'Kay. 1 Attila-C. Fitzhardingo, C. Oliver, J. Myers, J. Oatloy ; cox- swain, C. Fitzhardingo . 2 University-E. Icoton, E. Bartor.R. Tooee, A.Yeomans; cox- swain, J. Wilson. Precisely at Hi COm 30secs, Mr Dcloltto sent tho boats away to n very good «tart, *' tho river crew" nt once rushing to tho front, " thc light crew" and University representatives being very close together. On passing Dawes Point, " tho river crow" wero about t.' lengths In front of "tho light crew," tho latter being about I half a length in ndvnnco of tho University crow. Tho rnco docs not reqniro much further description ns tho further thoy went tho further " tho river crow" got away from their opponents, tho I University cruw dropping nil behind, after rounding tho flagboat. Tho flagboat in Lavender B.iy was rounded hy Curlew at 6u lm «Oseo; Attila, Oh Hu Msec; University, Oh lui Msec. Kirribilli was passed by Curlew, Oh Uh 30scc; Attila, Sh Tm: University, Oh 7m 2.1sec. Fort Denison by Curlew, at fill 10m 10sec : Attila Oil 10m 35scc : University, at Sh lim 10sec. They finished thus: Curlew ut Ch ISm 60sec; Attila, fib lOin 20scc ; University nt Gil 17m 20sec. Winner's time, 10m 20scc. Sixth Race.-For members who havo never won a palr-scull prlzo Samo courso as No. 1. Elvira- II. Clarke.. ..;. 1 Marian- F. Coar..... 2 Favourite-E. A. SpofTorth.-. 3 Club Sklir-W. C. lt. Tiley. 4 There was a pretty good slrugglo for tho first half of tho journey, aftor which, lt. Clarko hud no dllllculty in keeping tho lead, and ho eventually canto in an easy winner ; Spofl'oith being a bud third. ! 