ATHOLBANE. A ROMANCE OF KENMORE CASTLE. BY S. COBB, ESQ. CHAPTER VI. A SECRET. FOR the first two or three days there seemed to exist a sort of mutual distrust between Thor- wold and the Knight of Lanark. True, the lat- ter had not formed a very exalted opinion of his host's step-son, nor would he, under ordinary circumstances, have sought the friendship of such a man ; but, situated as he was, a guest at Kenmore, he felt it his duty, so long as he ac- cepted its hospitalities, to treat its inmates with respect. But the exhibit of distrust had not commenced with Aldred. From the very first Thorwald had looked upon his father's guest with no very favorable expression ; and during the day following the discovery in the prisoner's cell he had been unable to conceal symptoms that might be taken, without much stretch of imagination, for signs of enmity. But in time Thorwald's face grew less dark ; the cloud disappeared from his brow ; and he became cheerful and gay. This gave Aldred an opportunity to be cheerful in turn, but it did not lead him to change the opinion he had first formed of the son of Eric. One of the first subjects broached by Thor- wald, after he had come to terms of freedom and intimacy with the guest, was of the myste- rious habitants of the Ghost's Tower ; and it was very easy to be seen, from the manner in which he spoke, that he was possessed of a superstitious dread of those ghostly visitants. Aldred told him what he had seen ; but he did not enter into particulars. He simply assured his interlocutor that he had seen things for which he could account in no possible way without ad- mitting the presence of immaterial spirits in the chambers of the old tower. "And are you not afraid to sleep there?" asked Thorwald. "Why should I fear?" replied our hero, with a smile. "The spirits, if spirits they be, show no disposition to trouble me ; and so long as they content themselves with coming and going, like the moon beams and the sighing winds, I am not horrified. It may be that these poor spirits seek rest ; and I hope that I may be the means of helping them. At all events, I will gain their secret, if they have one to communi- cate, and I can possibly receive it." Thorwald bowed his head, and walked silently away. He was troubled in mind, and cared not to show it. Ono afternoon, as the earl and Aldred were conversing in the hall, Edwin joined them and shortly asked his father if the picture gallery was open. " "No, my boy," was the reply. "Then why cannot you open it? I want good Aldred to see the pictures. He has never been in there yet." "Perhaps he would not care to go in." "I would not care," said our hero, "to tax you beyond your inclinations ; but, if there are no objections, I should certainly like to see the pictures." The earl smiled, as though with an effort, and as he led the way towards the stair-case he said : "I have not kept you from the gallery, Sir Aldred, because I had any objections to your going there ; but simply because I have not been in the mood for visiting it myself. It is a foolish whim on my part that has kept me out, and perhaps the sooner I overcome it the better. If you will wait here a moment I will get the key." When he returned he added : "You will not behold a very extensive array of pictures ; and most of them are but homely things at best. Some of them were painted for my father ; some I have had painted ; a few were presents from Malcolm Canmore ; and a few have been given me by our present king." As they approached the door of the gallery Thorwald came out from his chamber and joined them ; and when he learned where they were going he proposed to bear them company. The gallery was a long, narrow apartment, lighted from the roof by means of sashes, in the small, lozenge-shaped interstices of which were set thin lamina of mica. There were a few landscapes, among which was a fine view of the castle ; a view of the Priory ; and a view of Ben Lawers. "This is a portrait of my father," said the earl, painting up at the picture of a stout, good looking man, clad in a hunting costume, with a dead stag at his side. But Aldred did not hear what he said. He had observed another picture, and was gazing upon it with breathless eagerness. It was the portrait of a woman, young and beautiful, with golden hair and heavenly blue eyes, and with a form of perfect symmetry and grace. "What is this ?" he asked in a whisper, as the earl approached him. "Why do you ask?" returned Atholbane, himself visibly affected. "It is the woman of the Blue Chamber!" answered Aldred, without removing his gaze from the picture. "It is her very face—the same—yes, the same sweet mouth—the same celestial beauty. My lord—" The knight stopped in his speech, for the earl had turned pale as death, and was trembling fearfully. "Ah, good Aldred!" cried Edwin, who had, until now, been engaged in viewing the land- scapes, "are you looking at that picture? Is it not beautiful? Oh! how I wish I could have seen her before she died! I know I should have loved her. That is my dead mother." "Your mother, Edwin?" "I call her my mother because she was the wife of my father before I was born. She is not my mother—she cannot be—because she died long before I had life¡ but I call her mo- ther just the same as Thorwald calls my father his father. He has a dead father, and I love to think that the spirit of the sweet lady looks down from heaven and smiles upon me, because I am the child of her husband. I know I have my own mother living, and I love her ; but Lady Maud--" "Hush, my boy!" "Lady Maud !" repeated Aldred, with a start. "My dead wife!" said the earl. And he covered his face with his hands and turned away. Not another word was spoken until they had left the gallery, and when they reached the hall, Thorwald retired to his own chamber with an expression upon his dark features which could not well be analysed. In the court, when Edwin had been left behind, the earl placed his hand upon Aldred's arm. "Aldred, you do not think you can have been mistaken?" th wl "In what, my lord?" "In the face of that presence you have seen in the Blue Chamber." "I am not mistaken," replied our hero, slowly and solemnly. "I never saw but one such face, and the picture in your gallery is its counterpart." "Oh, my brother, this is dreadful!" groaned Atholbane, again covering his face with his hands. "I am satisfied that it is the spirit of my Maud that haunts that tower. But why should it be? She was good and pure—as pure as the very angels that keep watch around the throne of Heaven! Why should she suffer this unrest? Aldred, what can it mean?" "Indeed, my lord, it is beyond my compre- hension. Perhaps she will, at some time, answer me." "Oh, if she would but appear to me! She never did but once, and then her face was turned away, and I thought she sobbed and moaned. My God! can it possible that my second marriage—" "Hush, my lord! you do but worry yourself needlessly. It could not have been that. Surely you did only your duty when you married the Lady Margaret. Kenmore should not be without an heir." "And yet the spirit never came until after Lady Margaret took possession of the Blue Chamber. Aldred, I would give all I am worth to know why this is so!" "Wait, my lord ; we may solve the mystery in time. I have now a clue which I have not possessed before, and if I can gain an answer from the mystic presence, I will do so." With this they separated, and shortly after- wards Aldred went down to the shore of the lake with Edwin. It was almost dark when they returned, and just outside the gate they met a man riding away on horseback. "That is not one of our people," said the lad. "Do you know him, Aldred?" "I did not recognise the features," re- turned the knight, "but I should judge, from the garb, that he was one of the followers of Earl Douglas." "Very likely," said Edwin. "Earl Douglas is coming here." "Coming here!" repeated Aldred, with a start. "Certainly ; did you not expect him at the tournament?" "Yes," answered the knight, vacantly. "And," pursued the lad, seeming not to have noticed the peculiarity of his companion's manner, "where else should he find shelter? You forget that my mother is his sister." "I remember it very well." "And I suppose Clara will come, too. You know Clara?" "Yes." "She is my cousin, and she is just my age. Only think of it—we were born in the same month ; but Clara is a lady now, while I am but a boy. If I had not been weak and sick I should have been a strong man. Were you not strong when you were twenty years old?" "Twenty!" uttered Aldred, gazing down upon the frail form at his side. "Is it pos- sible? But—I remember—yes—you are twenty." "But you have not answered my question, sir knight." "Excuse me, Edwin. I am only five-and twenty now. When I was of your age, I was able to bear the heaviest armor and wield the axe which I now bear." "You were never sick, Aldred?" "Never, in body." "Oh, I wish I had been well. If I had been well and strong as you have been, I might have looked forward to the coming of my bride with joyful expectation." "Your bride!" repeated Aldred, in a startled whisper. "I call her my bride," pursued the lad, in an easy, confidential manner, watching the grass at his feet as he spoke, and thus failing to see how strangely his companion was moved. "I call her so, though we are not yet married. Didn't you ever hear of our betrothment?" "I have heard something of it." Edwin looked up, fancying that the knight's voice was tremulous, but the gathering gloom prevented him from seeing the troubled expres- sion, and he presently went on : "We were betrothed when we were mere children. I don't think we were old enough to know anything about it at the time. My mother was very anxious, and I think my father liked the idea. If I had been strong and well, and Clara Douglas were to become my wife, considering that I am an only child, and that she is an only child, I might live to become lord both of Kenmore and Douglas. But—I don't know—I fear me I should make but a sorry husband. I am more like a child than like a man. Do you think the lady would love me? You know her. Is she kind and gentle?" "As kind as Mercy's sweetest angel—as gentle as the zephyr that fans the brow of even- ing when the stars can see their faces clearly in the bosom of the lake!" Edwin raised his hand to his companion's arm, and looked up again. "Aldred," he said, "your voice sounded strangely low and sweet when you spoke those words. Have you ever loved Clara Douglas?" There was no touch of jealousy in the ques- tion—only the simple curiosity of a child—but the effect was startling upon the Knight of Lanark. He shook the boy's hand from his arm and started back, but with a mighty effort he calmed himself, hiding his emotion behind the intervening gloom, and when he answered, his voice was steady, though not natural, "As a true knight may love that which is far above him, I may have loved Earl Douglas' daughter. But come, the darkness is gather- ing, and your father may be anxious, and further, the porter may be closing the gates," They were upon the bridge as the words were spoken, and just within the court they met the earl. "Sir Aldred," said the host, as they walked together, "a courier has been here from Scone since you have been away, and he brings word that Earl Douglas will arrive to-morrow. The workmen have finished, and the apartments are ready." The ordeal through which our hero had just passed had given him a degree of self-control sufficient to enable him to meet the remarks of his host upon the same subject without flinch- ing, though stern effort was necessary to that end. "My brother," pursued Atholbane, in a tone which showed that he spoke unwillingly, "you and I are bound to each other by a strong com- pact, and while I exercise a brother's privilege of speaking plainly, let me trust that you will repose in me a brother's confidence. Earl Douglas is coming here—he and his daughter —and they may remain some weeks. I know that you have recently come from Lanark, and that I may know how to govern myself, I ask you, plainly, is there any ill feeling between you and Douglas?" "On the contrary, my lord, there is the best of feeling ; that is, so far as friendship and faith can go between man and man." "I am glad to hear that," cried the earl, joy- fully. "I had feared that it might be other- wise Earl Douglas has reared you as a son?" "He has been very kind to me." "And yet, if I have been rightly informed, you are in no way related to him." "Not in the least, my lord. I thought you knew the story of my life." "I heard it, I think, some years ago ; but I thought little of it at the time. I saw you, as a child, at Lanark, and you were so bright, and buoyant, and happy, that I cared not whose offspring you were. You were to me as one of God's own beautiful creations, and I remember that you took to me, even then. Since you have reached the age of manhood your deeds of valor have marked you out for a true and gallant knight, and your parentage became to me, more than ever, a matter of little conse- quence." "My lord," said Aldred, struggling against an emotion that came nigh betraying him, "my father is still living ; and you must remember him well. He is Walthorf, the old forester of Lanark. He was forester in the service of the old earl before the present Douglas was born. As the lord of Lanark had no son of his own he took a strong liking for me, and suffered me to make the inner apartments of his castle my home ; and if I had been his own son he could not have taken more pains with my education." "Then," cried Atholbane, cheeringly, "who can hold his head above you? In all that makes the immortal man, you rank with the best in Scotland." "Hush!" groaned Aldred, putting out his hand imploringly. He could sustain himself no longer. "I rank with nothing!" he added, seeking no more to hide his emotions. "I am like a poor hare that has been borne aloft by an eagle. The wings that have raised me are not mine by birth, and when they fail me I must fall. I know that what God has made of me—the man of me that is immortal—ranks with the best ; but kings and nobles, in dealing out their favors, take small account of what a man may have in his head and heart." "Aldred, has Douglas—has the king—" "My lord, I pray you cease. No more of this, if you love me. On the morrow I will be calm and composed." And thus speaking, the youth turned away. Atholbane watched him until his receding form was lost in the gloom, and when left en- tirely to his own thoughts, a glimmer of the truth broke upon him. "Poor Aldred!" he murmured to himself, as he started slowly toward the inner court. "I had not thought of this. But how is it with Clara Douglas?" He stopped, and pressed his hand upon his brow in the old, painful manner—a manner that had become habitual with him of late—and thus he stood for some moments. At length he started on again, his hands clasped, and his lips giving words to his thoughts : "I see trouble in this. O, poor human heart! No armor fashioned by the hand of man can shield thee from the pangs and sor- rows of painful circumstance!" CHAPTER VII. CLARA DOUGLAS. THERE was great stir and bustle at Kenmore Castle when Earl Douglas arrived. He came just after noon, and a score of stout men-at- arms bore him company. Atholbane and Lady Margaret and Thorwald were at the gate of the keep ready to welcome the earl and his daughter, and surely no welcome could have been warmer. While the host took Douglas by the hand to conduct him into the hall, Thor- wald moved forward as though he would per- form the same office for Lady Clara ; but his mother put him gently aside, whispering a few words into his ear as she did so, and herself conducted in the maiden. Earl Douglas was a fine looking man, in the prime and vigor of life ; and the smoothness of his open brow and the clear light of his dark blue eyes betokened that he had as yet seen but little of sorrow. His wife was an invalid, scarcely ever going beyond the walls of Lanark, but she was resigned and happy, suffering but little pain ; and her husband, in the goodness of his heart, found much real comfort of soul in caring tenderly for her. He was a kind man, and a brave, true knight ; but he was proud of his position, firmly believing in the nobility of birth, and in the divine right of kings. Clara Douglas, the only living child of the earl, was twenty years of age, of medium height, and of exquisite proportions ; her movements all grace, and her bearing gentle and kind. Her face was not only the seat of one of the purest types of beauty that is vouch- safed to woman, but it was also the mirror of an inner being all lovely and harmonious. And yet she was not without those signs of spirit and zeal that give fire to the eyes, and loud a changeful radiance to the checks. She possessed enough of her father's proud spirit to make her brave and true, and keenly sensitive ; while enough of her mother's meekness had entered into the composition of her character to give her a sympathising depth of feeling, and to render her peculiarly sweet and loveable. As the company entered the large drawing room Thorwald contrived to obtain a seat near to Clara, and a close observer might have seen that he gazed upon her with an earnest, greedy eye. Her bounty was indeed dazzling, and he was not the first knight who had dwelt in rap- ture upon it ; but his gaze was not entirely one of admiration. He knew that the lady was allianced to his half-brother, and that he had no right to love her. He gazed upon her as the brigand, from his ambush, might gaze upon the unsuspecting traveller. He gazed as the coiled serpent might have gazed upon the bird of beautiful plumage. He spoke to her, and his voice was unnatural —breathless-like and hushed—as though there was some part of himself which he wished to hide, and which his voice might reveal ; but by and bye he spoke more freely, and finally ven- tured to smile. Clara treated him politely ; but she had not failed to notice those signs which he could not conceal, and she hesitated not to decide in her own mind that he was a dangerous man. Had she lucked courage, she might have shrunk from him with fear, and exposed the emotions that stirred her soul ; but she had confidence in her own strength ; confidence in the sheltering roof of Kenmore ; and mayhap she fancied that Thorwald's vows of knighthood might have some healthful restraining influence upon him. "I have not seen Edwin yet," said Douglas, as the conversation lagged. "The youth is shy," returned Atholbane, with a smile. "I will go and find him." The host arose and left the room, and when he returned his son bore him company. Doug- las could not repress the feeling of disappoint- ment that was manifest in the shadow that flitted across his face as he beheld the pale, thin features and the slender frame of the youth to whom his daughter was affianced. He had hoped to see him looking stouter and stronger ; but he had too much good breeding to make further manifestation of his disappointment, and he greeted the lad with cheerful good will. Edwin had not feared to meet Earl Douglas —he feared to meet no man, for his heart was in the right place, and in his bosom there was no guile ; but he had dreaded to meet Clara, and when he saw her now, radiant in her healthful beauty, he would have shrunk away abashed, had she not taken his hand with a sweet, sisterly smile, and spoken to him kindly and lovingly. By and bye Lady Margaret took Clara away to dress for dinner, and the two earls, arm in arm, went out into the court. "My brother," said he of Kenmore, when they were where their voices could reach no other ears, "you have seen my son, and you have seen that he has not improved much in health and strength, but still I have hopes." "I noticed it," returned Douglas. "And I saw that you were disappointed," pursued Atholbane. "Yes, I was disappointed, but I meant not to show it." After a pause, during which the earl ascended to the parapet, Atholbane said : "Listen to me, Douglas : I would not have our old compact become an uncomfortable bur- den upon you. My son is frail and weak, and he may never be strong and well Yet he is a good boy, true-hearted, just and honorable, and as frank and generous as man can be. I love him, and I know that you would love him ; but while you loved him you might also pity him, and surely the husband of your daughter should not be such as to call for pity." "Go on," said Douglas, as his companion came to a stop. "You know what I would say," Atholbane continued. "If you would find another hus- band for your daughter, I am willing that the compact should be annulled." "Do you wish it annulled?" asked Douglas. "No," replied the host ; "it is no wish of mine I am simply anxious—" "That I should be called to bear no un- pleasant burden from the fulfilment of our com- pact," finished the guest. "But you need have no such fear. So far as I am concerned, I hold to the original agreement. It was to unite the interests of Kenmore and Lanark. I do not believe that Edwin will ever grow to be a war- rior, but by care and foresight he may enjoy many years of life, and become the father of healthy children. Let me hear no more of that, my brother, unless you have desires of your own independent of considerations touch- ing me, to set aside our old plan of union." "In truth, Douglas, I have no such desire." "Then we must care for Edwin's health, and lay our plans for the final consummation. As far as they are concerned, I am sure they will be happy in the union. I watched them when they met this afternoon. The youth was shy and backward—a sure sign of admiration and eager hope—while Clara seemed really moved by the spirit of love and devotion. So we will consider that point settled, and when we allude to it further it shall be for the purpose of making arrangements for the nuptials. And, moreover, I think those nuptials had better not be long delayed. What think you?" Atholbane expressed the same opinion. The parties were old enough to marry, and perhaps it would be better that it should be done before the summer was gone. Upon the bastion directly beneath the western tower they stopped, and after Douglas had viewed the landscape awhile, he asked his com- panion if Sir Aldred was at the castle. "He is my guest," replied Atholbane, "and I wonder that he has not yet presented himself. I love him. I think he is true and honorable." "He is more than that," added Douglas, warmly ; "he is one of a thousand. And yet," he continued, lowering his voice and bending his eyes to the ground, "I sometimes think I did wrong in bringing him up from the humble sphere in which he was born. Certain aspira- tions may lead to legitimate results, but there may be aspirations that can never be answered." Another pause, and then, looking up, Earl Douglas proceeded : "I must be frank with you, Atholbane. Al- dred left me of his own accord, and yet I was glad when he told me he was going, for he did an honorable thing therein. He could not have remained safely beneath my roof any longer. His own peace of mind forbade it, and it may have been well for my daughter. I think you understand me." The Earl of Kenmore bowed a silent assent. "And," pursued Douglas, "you can readily understand that Aldred and Clara should not be needlessly thrown together while we remain here." Atholbane understood perfectly well. And there the matter was dropped for the present. When dinner was ready, Sir Aldred entered the hall where the guests were assembled, and Earl Douglas greeted him as he would have greeted a very dear friend. Then our hero turned to lady Clara and extended his hand. A close observer, who had been watching for slight tokens of feeling, might have detected in the quivering of the lips, in the drooping of the lids, and in the varying color of those two faces, that there were emotions within which were pur- posely, and by strong effort, held in control. And there were two persons gazing upon the scene who were looking for such betrayal. Lady Margaret had watched her niece from the first, and she knew well enough the meaning of those signs. And Thorwald had watched—had watched both Aldred and Clara—and a fierce glitter shone in his black eyes when he saw how much they were forced to conceal. Only a few brief moments of painful labor, and then both the knight and the lady appeared like their genial, social selves ; and when dinner was done, and they had repaired to the drawing room, Douglas fancied that there could be no danger. On the following day the whole party took to horse, and rode into the forest upon a hunting excursion. Edwin had a mountain pony, a small, ambling animal, that bore a rider almost as in a cradle, and he enjoyed himself very much as he rode by the side of his beautiful cousin. She was kind and loving, and did all she could to make him happy, and ere long he came to regard her as a blessed angel, upon whose sympathy he could lean with confidence, and in whose truth he might repose every trust of his soul. She exercised no sentimental reserve in his presence, kept back no thoughts that she would have spoken, but was all frankness and fervor, lead- ing him to look up to her for guidance, even in his joy. Earl Douglas watched the cousins, and fancied that the love which would make marriage happy had already dawned. And even so thought Atholbane. Thorwald gazed upon the scene, and his lowering brow showed that he was jealous of the attentions which his half-brother re- ceived, though it is doubtful if he shared the faith of the earls in the character of the maiden's sentiments. He had seen enough to convince him that Clara Douglas' heart was no longer hers to give, and he was inclined to the opinion that this seeming fondness for the pale boy was but a veil hung out to blind those who might have an interest in watching her. Lady Margaret, however, with a woman's in- stinct, came nearer to the truth. She saw no guile in Clara's treatment of her son—nothing but what was natural and proper—and yet she did not believe that in her smiles and kind words there was anything like the promptings of that wondrous love which the heart of a maiden gives to its chosen possessor and master. She had known the maiden from childhood she knew how kind and gentle and loving she was—and in all this she saw but the love which, a fond and sympathising sister might feel to- wards a patiently suffering brother. As for Aldred, there were no shadows of jealousy upon his face, nor gleams of distrust in his eyes. He, too, loved the pale youth, and he cared not how much Clara loved him ; for he knew her heart well enough to know that she could give him only a brother's place. The path which the hunters pursued had led them round by the northern shore of the lake, to the bleak crags back of Ben Lawers ; and as they approached a cliff, the top of which towered high above their heads, the old forester, who rode in advance, waved his hand, and called attention to something perched upon the topmost pinnacle of the perpendicular height. "It is a golden eagle!" cried Atholbane. "Aye—and the largest I ever saw," added Donald. "Such a bird, I should judge, might do much mischief," remarked Lady Clara. "You would hardly believe how savage and strong they are," said Edwin. "I saw just such a bird us that carry off a lamb not more than two months ago." "Aye, my young master," echoed the for- ester, "and I believe that is the very fellow." "Can you reach him with an arrow?" asked Douglas. "It is doubtful, my lord. It is a long dis- tance to the top of that cliff." "Never mind," cried Atholbane. "You can bend your bow, good Donald." "But only to master an arrow," responded the forester, as he selected a shaft from his quiver. The shot was made, but the arrow lacked many yards from reaching its mark. Atholbane then tried the bow himself. His arrow went higher than did the forester's, but it failed to reach the point aimed at. "The eagle does not stir," said Clara. "I thought they were shy and timid when in the presence of man." "Ah, my sweet lady," replied Donald, "that fellow has two reasons for not troubling him- self to get out of our way. In the first place, he probably fancies that his high perch places him entirely beyond the reach of harm at our hands ; and, secondly, very likely his nest is in some one of those broad fissures below him, with his mate in it, and he is keeping watch while she cares for the fledglings." "Cannot an arrow be made to reach that point?" cried Earl Douglas, slipping down from his saddle. "By my faith! I think I have seen the longbows of Lanark do as much as that. Donald, give me the bow." "It is a long shot, my lord, and a hard one, for the arrow has its whole weight to bear the entire distance." "Is your bow a good one?" "There is not a better in Scotland." Douglas selected an arrow and set it in its place, and then advancing a few steps, he drew it to its head, and let it fly. The shot had been an excellent one, for the arrow had reached the top of the cliff, and fallen so near where the eagle stood as to cause him to move ; but its force had been so far spent that it would have been harmless had it hit him. Upon this, Thorwald took the bow, and tried in turn. His arrow went as high as the earl's had done, and perhaps higher, but it went wide of the mark. With an exclamation of impa- tience, he took another arrow, and made a second attempt. This time he drew the shaft full to the head, but the effort required to do it destroyed his aim, and the shot was worse than the other. "Come, Aldred," said Atholbane ; "Donald has more arrows. You must take your turn." "And you shall see a noble shot, too," cried Douglas. "I have seen the lad handle the long-bow." The Knight of Lanark got down from his saddle and took the bow. He had seen where the others had failed, and he knew, if the shot could be made, just what was necessary to do it. He selected an arrow a full span longer than any that had been yet tried, and with a light step he took his place a little further from the face of the cliff than that which his companions had selected. The majestic bird, meanwhile, seemed deeply interested in the movements which were going on below him, as was evident from the manner in which he kept his dizzy perch, and gazed down upon the interlopers. With steady, confident strength, Aldred drew the feathered shaft against the bow-string, rais- ing it gradually as he did so, and when the line of the mark was reached the head of the arrow touched the bow, straining the tough wood as it had never been strained before, if the fores- ter was to be believed. With a sharp, ringing twang, the nicely-balanced missile was shot up- ward, cleaving the air like a flash-up, up—for a single instant distinguishable as its feather drew a thread-like line of white against the dark face of the cliff, and then lost to sight. In another moment a wild, piercing cry broke the distant air, and the eagle leaped far out from his perch and mode an effort to spread his wings ; but with his broad arms not half opened, he circled out and in, but downward all the time, and at length fell to the ground not a dozen yards from where the party stood, with the barbed head of the arrow buried deep in his bosom. "The hand that sent that arrow was trained at Lanark," cried Douglas, good-naturedly, yet proudly. "By my faith! 'twas a noble shot!" "Aye-a noble shot!" responded Atholbane, with a return of good nature ; "and the hand that drew the bow-string is a dweller at Ken- more!" Thorwold, when he saw the Knight of Lan- ark about to draw the bow, looked at Clara Douglas, and he saw that she was breathlessly anxious. And when he saw that the mark had been surely hit, he looked again, and now he found the beautiful face suddenly radiant with joy. The success of the arrow had been as nothing compared to this. He might have felt a rankling envy of the youthful knight who had so palpably beaten him in archery, but it was a fire of malignant hatred that flashed from his eyes when he saw where the maiden's sympathy lay. And why was this? What had Thorwald to do with the affairs of Clara Douglas? She was affianced to his half-brother. Did he regard Edwin as too weak to maintain his own right, and so constitute himself a champion to pro- tect the honor of the heir of Kenmore? We shall see. CHAPTER VIII. THE COMPACT IS SHATTERED. EARLY in the evening, as Aldred walked alone upon the parapet, he heard a light footfall be- hind him, and upon turning he beheld Edwin. "I am glad to have found you alone," said the boy, glancing carefully around. "What is the matter now, brother?" "O, nothing in particular, good Aldred ; only I wanted to see you." They walked along to- gether a piece, and then the lad continued : "Do you know what a grand shot you made to-day?" "In Lanark," replied the knight, without any show of pride, "I was accounted the best archer of all that professed to handle the long- bow." "It is a noble thing thus to excel in such manly sport," pursued Edwin ; "but still it has its draw backs." "Ah?" "Yes, Aldred. It isn't pleasant to have men envy you." "We cannot prevent the envy of those below us." "Yes,—but it is the envy of those who think themselves above us that I speak of." "Speak plainly, Edwin." "Then, returned the lad, stopping, and lay- ing his hand upon his companion's arm, "I want to tell you to beware of Thorwald." "Ah! Is there anything new?" "I saw to-day what you may not have seen," continued the youth, earnestly; "and had Thorwald spoken his feelings in words I could not have gained them more surely then I did from the darkness of his face. He is not only envious of you, but he hates you." "I know that he does not like me." "He has not liked you from the first ; and now he dislikes you more than ever." "And has the simple circumstance of the shooting of the eagle worked so upon him?" "It was not entirely that," said Edwin, con- fidently. "He could have borne all that with only envy ; but when he saw that bright eyes gave cheering light for you, and not even a kindly glance for him, his envy became hatred." "Edwin!" "You know what I mean, Aldred." "You mean that Thorwald is jealous of me?" "Jealous of the love which Clara Douglas plainly shows for you," answered the boy, calmly and frankly. The Knight of Lanark drew back a pace, and gazed into the face of the young heir. If he had thought to find any trace of envy or jealousy there, he was disappointed. The shades of evening had not gathered so thickly but that the lines of the thin, pale face could be plainly seen, and the boyish features wore the same ex- pression of childlike trust and confidence that had marked them on other occasions. Our hero laid his hand upon the lad's shoulder, and there was a tremulous cadence in his voice as he said : "Edwin, you are the one who has the sole right to be jealous for such a cause." "I jealous?" cried the boy. "Aye—you!" Edwin of Kenmore took the hand of the knight from his shoulder and held it within his own, and when he spoke his voice was low and earnest, and tunefully sweet and pathetic : "Aldred, I will tell to you a truth which I would not yet tell even to my father. I love Clara Douglas ; but not with a love that could beget jealousy. Though our years are the same, I am a child and she is a woman. I love her although she were my sister—my kind, gentle, affectionate sister. When I think of offering myself as the husband of such a woman, I shrink as I would shrink from bearing upon my brow the jewelled crown of an empire. I have no such love for my beautiful cousin. Perhaps, had she so loved me—had she invited such love on my part—had she shown to me that it was the desire of her heart that I should be something nearer to her than a brother—I might have found an answering love in my own heart, and, in time, with all distrust removed, have joyfully taken the place to which my father would assign me. But it is not so. Clara loves me ; but not like that. She loves me with her whole soul ; but it is a sister's love for a poor, weak brother. There is no flashing of the warm, rich blood to the face—no swel- ling of the bosom—no drooping, sighing, molt- ing glance of the eye—no quiver of the white hand—and no passionate cadence of the voice, when she reveals her love. No, no, Aldred, I have not stirred that deeper fountain in her soul. Upon the mystic mirror of her maiden's heart Edwin of Kenmore has not impressed the image of her future husband. So, my brother, I shall never be jealous of you." "Of me!" uttered Aldred, as though in a dream. "I shall never be jealous of you," repeated Edwin, with strange emphasis. And presently he went on,—" I am not blind. I think I have told you that I read what is written upon the human face quite readily. Shall I tell you what I have read in my cousin's face?" The knight struggled with himself, but he did not speak. "Shall I tell you, Aldred?" Another struggle, and then our hero an- swered : "You can tell me what you think it is proper I should know." "By my soul !" cried the boy, vehemently, "I know not why I should fear to speak. If there is right on earth, then you should have what God has given to you! The right of heaven is above the right of human will. What God has manifestly ordained, man has no right to annul." Edwin ceased speaking, and walked slowly towards the edge of the parapet. He stopped there a few moments, looking over into the moat below, and when he came back he again took his companion's hand. His voice, as he spoke, was lower than before, and slightly tremulous, but there was no hesitation. He seemed to have made up his mind just how far he would speak, and was prepared to assume the respon- sibility. "Dear Aldred, you have been more than a brother to me. Only a few short days have elapsed since first I knew you, and yet it seems as though you had been with me for years. If you had not saved my life—if we had met under ordinary circumstances—I am sure I should have loved you all the same ; and, feeling thus, I am led to give you my whole oonfidence—to speak to you words that I would not dare speak to another. You do not know my father does not know—how much I suffer, nor do I tire my mother with the story. My father talks to me hopefully, and tells me that I shall be stronger and better. So I may be—so I must be—but not here. Earthly vigor I shall never know. I shall not long remain here. Stop! do not interrupt me. I know of what I speak. Day by day I feel the current of my life failing, failing, falling, and I know that, ere long, the tide will stop. Aldred, I shall never see the snows of another winter. When they come, they will rest as a shroud upon my grave. And yet the assurance does not give me pain, though all things are not as I could wish." The boy paused, and letting go the hand of the knight, he moved again towards the para- pet ; but he did not stop to look over. He came back presently, and resumed : "When I am gone, what shall beoome of Clara Douglas? It seems strange that I, a weak boy, should feel that charge upon me, yet so it is. By the compact of our parents she is mine ; and though the marriage union can never be consummated between us, still I feel a yearn- ing desire to know that the future may be freighted with blessings for her. When I am away from the scene, Thorwald will seek her hand, and I much fear that Atholbane and Douglas will both favor his suit. But she does not love Thorwald. Good Aldred, she loves you!" "Edwin!" "Hush! I know her secret. She loves you with a love that no power of earth can over- come. Her whole heart is yours ; and were this wide world all in one vast empire, and you the master of its throne, she could not feel more pride in her love, than she feels now. If she were my own sister, I should not wish to see her become the wife of a man like Thorwald, and can I rest content with the fear upon me that the dark son of Eric may yet possess her? Oh, Aldred! he will work very hard, and he is capable of working wickedly. Already, I am sure, he has discovered her love for you, and he cannot help knowing that you love her. If it were in my power, how gladly would I relinquish the fair charge to you. My brother, I need counsel very much. What can I do?" The stout knight drew the boy to his bosom, and held him there as he would have held a child. "Say no more now, Edwin. My heart is too full." "But," urged the lad, looking up without unloosing the arms that entwined him, " have I not spoken truly? Do you not love as I have said?" "Yes, Edwin; and it was the love that had grown up between us that sent me from Lan- ark. But, as God is my judge, I would not have interposed between thee and thine affi- anced. I would not have done so willingly, though I cannot tell what I might have done had circumstances too strongly tempted my aching heart." "Hush!" whispered Edwin, "someone is coming towards us." As he spoke, he started back from the knight's embrace, and looked round the angle of the tower near which they had been stand- ing. "Aldred, I must leave you here. Remember —the blessed prize rests between you and Thor- wald. I have spoken!" And with these words the boy hurried away, and was quickly lost in the gloom. Before the knight had opportunity to reflect upon the strange scene which had just passed, a female figure appeared to his view, approach- ing from the direction of the keep. She stopped when she saw him, and made a motion as though she would retire ; but Aldred could not permit this. The impulse was upon him to speak one word—to claim her ear for a brief space—for he knew not when another chance would offer itself. "Lady," he said, taking a stop towards her. "I thought Edwin was here," she responded. "Edwin was here, but he left when he knew that you were coming. Clara, he left me that you might find me alone." The words were spoken softly, tenderly, and entreatingly, and without further reserve the maiden advanced and extended her hand. "Aldred," she cried, seeking no longer to hide the emotions that had place in the depths of her boating heart, "before God I mean no wrong, and I think I do none. If I thought it a sin I would sooner tear my aching heart from my bosom than seek you thus." "My life, my light, my only joy!" answered Aldred, drawing the beautiful girl nearer to him, and pressing her hands to his lips. "There is no wrong. Before high heaven I have the right to love you now." Giving way to the gentle pressure that still drew her forward, Clara Douglas leaned upon the knight's bosom, and, with his stout arms about her, she rested with that outgushing of joy and thankfulness which can only flow from a heart wholly warmed into the life of love "Aldred," she said, still resting within his embrace, but raising her head and looking up as she spoke, "it is not wrong. You have seen Edwin?" "Yes, sweet love." "And he has told you—" "My life! he has told me all. Aye, and more, too ; for he has led me to hope what I never dared to entertain. He has told me that he should never claim you for his wife." "Generous boy!" murmured Clara, softly and sadly. "I love him dearly, he is so good and true ; but I never felt other than a sister's love ; and so, it seems, would claim no other love. I never saw him so entirely happy and grateful as he was when I assured him that I should always love him, and that, while we both lived, I would be a true and faithful sister to him." "Heaven bless him!" ejaculated Aldred, fer- vently. A short season of silence, during which the maiden again laid her head upon its blissful rest, and our hero said : "Dear Clara, we must not remain long here together ; but before we separate there is one important thing which we should understand. Without any cause given on our own part, Edwin of Kenmore has freely and voluntarily relinquished all claim to your hand ; and he has, moreover, most emphatically declared it as his wish that you should be mine. At any rate, I have so understood him." "He has said the same to me," asserted Clara. "And has he told you what might be the wish of your father in the event of the failure of your marriage with him?" "O, Aldred, there was no need that he should tell me that. Already does Thorwald approach me with a lover's look, and more than once have I seen him regard you with the fiery glance of jealous hatred." "Let us understand each other," urged the knight, as though fearful of losing precious time. "By Edwin's own act you are freed from those bonds—bonds which your father placed upon you years ago. We will not say that he had no right to do that ; but has he a right to make another barter now, and consign you to the keeping of a man whom you dread and--" "Whom I dread and loathe," finished the maiden, as her companion hesitated. "No," she continued, vehemently, "he has no right to do it. And yet I feel sure—" "Go on, Clara." "O, Aldred, it seems hard—it seems almost wicked—to speak of what may be in the event of Edwin's death!" "And yet," added the knight, "it is upon the probability of such an event that we are to base the line of our future conduct. But let us say no more of that now.—Generous, noble boy! May he live to enjoy much of life! Let us understand only one thing : Let what will come, you cannot be the wife of Thorwald." "Never, Aldred!" . "And," pursued our hero, earnestly, "if the time comes when your father and Atholbane would make you the wife of Thorwald, you will turn to me for hope and succor?" "Yes," answered Clara, eagerly. "Then, sweet love, we have the end in view. We understand each other perfectly, and from this hour the bright star of promise leads me on. Without thought of wrong, I will cherish your fond image in my soul, trusting that in the end all joy and blessedness shall be ours!" "Heaven grant it may be so!" fervently prayed the maiden. And when Aldred would have again raised her hand to his lips, she turned her face to- wards him, and, with throbbing heart and gushing tenderness, she gave him the first warm kiss of love that had ever set its holy seal upon their unspoken vows. A little while—a brief, sweet season of bliss- ful rapture—and then Clara gently withdrew from the knight's embrace. "I must go now, Aldred. I may be missed." "It is right, Clara. Go ; and may the richest blessings of Heaven go with you!" She had turned to depart when a footfall close at hand caused them both to start with alarm. "We are betrayed!' cried the frightened maiden. Aldred had put forth his arm to protect his love, when he recognised the fragile form of Edwin. "Don't be alarmed," spoke the boy, advanc- ing towards them. "I meant not to disturb you." "You have not, dear cousin," replied Clara, "I was upon the point of returning to the keep when I heard your step. I have not been here a great while." "Not long," answered the lad, with a slight touch of reticence in the tone ; "but I thought I would come and bear you company to the keep. I have not been watching you." "But you have been waiting for me?" said his cousin. "No. I saw Thorwald by the wicket of the inner ballium ; and as he seemed to be watching for something I thought I had better come out and meet you. He might suspect something if he saw you returning alone from the direction of this tower." "Good, kind Edwin !" murmured Clara, as she gave him her hand. "I am glad you come." The cousins walked away together, and in a very few moments after they had disappeared towards the keep Aldred heard footsteps ap- proaching from the opposite direction. They were stealthy, creeping steps, and had he not been listening attentively for another sound, he might not have heard them. Not caring to meet any one at that time, and especially un- willing to meet the person whom he believed was coming, he moved back within the shadow of a tangled, vine that crept up the wall of the tower, and in a minute more Thorwold came up, and stopped directly where our hero had been standing. "by saint Michael!" muttered the dark son of Eric, after looking up and down the parapet. "I think the lady came this way ; and she must have made a long stop of it. If I had taken the other course I might have met her. Have a care, my pretty bird! If you make too free with the base-born hireling of Lanark, it shall be the worse for him!" Thorwald ground his heel into the turf as he spoke, and a fierce oath made finish of his sen- tence. He looked carefully around once more, and then moved on towards the keep. "The course before me is very plain now," said Aldred to himself as he stepped out from behind the vine. "Still," he added, as he turned down into the court, "I had better keep my eyes open. I have too much at stake to be careless after this. I thank thee, Thorwald, for the caution thus unintentionally given ; and if I do not profit by it, it shall be my own fault." When our hero reached the keep he found the two earls engaged in marking out a programme for the approaching tournament. "Good Aldred," said Atholbane, with a cheer- ful smile, "we shall have a grand display of arms next week. You will have opportunity to measure swords and try lances with the best knights of the two kingdoms." "I shall try that my bearing may reflect credit upon him who educated me, replied our hero, modestly. "Well spoken," cried Douglas, approvingly. "I shall not fear for the reputation of Lanark. Gomar, the stout earl of Northumberland, is to oppose me, and I shall take you upon my side." Aldred bowed in acquiescence. "And now," said Atholbane, addressing the youth, "would it please you to accompany good Douglas to Scone to-morrow? He goes to see the king, and would like that you should go with him." Aldred was both willing and anxious to go ; and arrangements were made accordingly. CHAPTER IX. THORWALD IN THE BLUE CHAMBER. "MOTHER, do you believe in ghosts?" Earl Douglas and Aldred had gone to Scone ; Atholbane was on the plain outside the castle, superintending the preparations for the tour- nament ; and Thorwald and his mother were alone in one of the small drawing-rooms. Lady Margaret looked up with a startled ex- pression, but made no answer. "Do you believe in ghosts?" Thorwald repeated the question, not from curiosity, nor from a mere whim, as his manner plainly testified. He was nervous and anxious and seemed desirous of sharing his burden with another. "Why do you ask that question, my son?" "Because I want to know what you think about it." The countess seated herself, and after regard- ing the questioner for some moments, she said : "You have some purpose in your mind, Thorwald. What is it? Has anything now transpired?" "Nothing now, mother. You know what Aldred professes to have seen," "I have heard," replied the lady with a shud- der. "He claims that he has seen a ghost in the Blue Chamber," pursued Thorwald, taking a seat near to his mother ; "and he also asserts that it is the spirit of the woman who was countess of Kenmore before you." "I have heard so," returned Lady Margaret, turning pale. "Now," said the son, "I think there is room for doubt and suspicion here." The countess shook her head. "I fear it is a vain hope, my son. With my own eyes I have seen sights in that old tower which were not of human origin." "But," urged Thorwald, "did you ever see the face which this knight of Lanark professes to have seen?" "No." "Do you believe he has seen it?" "Thorwald?" "I ask you—Do you believe he has seen it?" "Surely, my son, I cannot tell. It is not impossible" "And yet you, to whom all the ghosts of the tower have had opportunity to show themselves, have never seen it. Do you think the earl has seen it?" "I think he has," answered the countess, slowly and tremulously. The quiver of her voice, however, was not indicative of quiet sor- row, but rather of a jealous pang. "But," she added, in quicker tones, "he has never directly told me so." "Ah, mother," cried Thorwald, moving his chair nearer to her, "I know your secret. You think the earl has seen the ghost of his first wife, and that he has not loved you so well since." A smile, faint and sinister, wreathed the com- pressed lips as Lady Margaret replied : "Atholbane had no love to lose. He never loved me as he loved Maud of Perth. He made me his wife so that he might raise up an heir to Kenmore." "And a precious work he has made of it!" exclaimed the knight, derisively. "A most marvellous heir is Edwin!" "Hush, Thorwald. Edwin is my child." "But he is not your only child, nor is he your first-born. And moreover, he came of a father who never gave you a husband's love Did the Norman Eric love you?" "Yes, passionately." "Then," cried Thorwald, in vehement tones, at the same time leaning forward and grasping his mother's arm, "I ask you plainly—Which of the two sons do you love best?" "I love Eric's son best," was the answer. "And would you not prefer that Eric's son should be heir to Kenmore?" "Yes." "And would you not prefer that Eric's son should be the husband of Clara Douglas?" "I cannot deny it." "Then, my mother, we understand each other. Of Edwin I have no fear. Clara does not love him, and I doubt if he is at all anxious to possess her hand. You have some penetra- tion. You have seen the signs—what think you? Am I not right?" The countess bowed assent. "And now," continued the knight, with a vengeful flashing of the eyes, "we arrive at the point where we may look for real trouble. What think you of this upstart of Lanark?" Lady Margaret clutched her hands, and tightly closed her lips. Thorwald observed and understood the sign, and in a lower and more insinuating tone he went on : "My fair cousin does not dislike this adven- turer. In fact, I believe she loves him. I think they were together last evening." "Ha!" cried the countess, with a start. "Is that so?" "I think it is. And now," added Thorwald, with flashing eye, and at the same time smit- ing his flat upon his knee, "I'll tell you one thing more that I think : I think your husband loves Aldred of Lanark better than he loves me." The countess, was silent only for a moment, and then she answered, without the least effort to conceal her real feelings : "Since you have discovered what has made itself most unwelcomely apparent to me, there is no need that we should be silent." She paused awhile, and said in a lower tone : "I do not hope much from Edwin. The physician only shakes his head when I ask him his opinion. If blood of mine is to be united with Douglas, and inherit Kenmore, my only hope is in my first-born." Then, with kindling eye and determinate emphasis : "I cannot divest myself of the fear that Al- dred stands in the way. I like him not. I see danger in his shadow. If Edwin becomes not the husband of my brother's daughter, it is not impossible that Atholbane may favor the suit of this base-born waif." "Enough!" cried Thorwald. "Leave the Knight of Lanark with me. Ere many days I shall have opportunity to meet him fairly in the list. I shall be opposed to him, and I will single him out for my own lance and battle-axe." "Beware, my son. Aldred is not a boy. A Douglas gave him training." "Pshaw! he will be as a boy in my hands. 'Sdeath! do you imagine that he can hold a lance against me? By Saint Michael, I am good for a score of such opponents. But enough of him. I will care for him when the time comes. And now to this ghost. Have the spirits of the old tower ever done harm to mortal man?" "Not that I know of," replied the countess. "Then I shall keep watch in the blue cham- ber to-night. Aldred is away, and I will have a look at the immaterial woman he prates of. If he is designingly working upon the earl's fears and fancies, I will expose him. At all events, I am determined to know what it means. If the spirit or ghost of Maud of Perth appears to him it will appear to me. Bah! I have no faith in it!" Though Margaret's belief in the reality of the ghostly visitations had been firm, and though nothing could have induced her to spend a night in the haunted tower, yet she was well pleased that Thorwald had resolved to try the experi- ment. During the time that she had occupied those apartments, she had seen frightful ghosts, and heard horrible noises, but she had never seen the face of Lady Maud. Still, she doubted not that her husband had seen it, and that others had seen it, and she knew that Atholbane had not been the same man since the spirit of his dead wife appeared to him. She had known before that the deep place of love in his heart, which Maud had occupied, had never been her's, but she had not realised how little room in that heart was given up to her. From the time of the appearance of that unresting spirit, how- ever, she had known it all. She had no hope that her son would make any discovery calculated to upset the ghostly theory, but she did hope that he might see what the earl and Aldred had soon, and bring her some reliable word. "If your nerves are strong," she said, "and you are proof against the effect of terror, I think there can be no danger." "I have no fears," persisted Thorwald. "I shall spend the coming night in the Ghost's Tower, and on the morrow I will tell you the result." With this the knight arose and left the apart- ment, and shortly afterwards joined the earl on the plain, where he rendered such assistance as he could in directing the workmen, who were put- ting up the pailing for the list. The afternoon was warm and sultry, but to- wards night big clouds showed themselves over the summit of Ben Lawers, and as the sun went down the wind arose, and a storm of rain set in. As the evening advanced the storm increased, until the mountains fairly cracked beneath the shock of the heavy thunder, and when the lightning flashed both heaven and earth seemed ablaze. Thorwald had planned that he would watch alone in the Ghost's Tower, but when he went into the western corridor and heard the rain beat against the wall, and the wind howl around the towers and bartizans, he thought it would be more comfortable to have a companion, and to this end he sought his esquire. This esquire, or body servant, was a Saxon named Griffith—a broad-shouldered, thick- headed, pugnacious fellow, some forty years of age—bold enough in a fight when his temper was aroused, and faithful to his master while it was for his interest so to be. He had plenty of brute strength, and in a rough way, he know how to use it ; but when that failed him he had no reserve force to fall back upon. With his present feelings, he liked what his master liked, and hated what his master hated. To this man Thorwald proposed the plan he had conceived since the storm came on. "Of course I have no fear," he explained ; "but company would make it more agreeable on such a night, and, moreover, two can watch better than one." Thorwald could not have found a more wil- ling man. Griffith was not only willing, but he was anxious to go. He declared that he had long desired an opportunity to spend a night in that tower. He had heard a great deal about ghosts, and he had a strong wish to see one. He did not exactly believe in ghosts, and he could not say that he disbelieved ; but he could say that he was ready to be convinced. So, after the rest of the household had retired, Thorwald and his esquire, the former carrying a lantern, and the latter an unlighted lamp and a basket containing several bottles of wine, made their way towards the western tower. They reached the large bed-chamber without trouble, where they deposited the basket and lighted the large lamp, after which they went into the Blue Chamber. "This is the place where the ghosts generally congregate," said Thorwald. "It's a kind of ghostly looking place, any way," responded Griffeth, looking round upon the sombre tapestry. As he spoke, a vivid flash of lightning set the room ablaze, and in a moment more the thunder fell with a clap that shook the walls of the old tower till the stones seemed ready to tumble. The pugnacious esquire, who was never afraid of lightning and thunder before, cringed and trembled now. "Gad sounds!" he gasped. "I never heard anything like that." "That's nothing," said Thorwald. "The lightning is just as sharp, and the thunder as loud, elsewhere as it is here." "Of course it is," assented the Saxon, laugh- ing a cadaverous laugh. And he fancied that he had shaken off the momentary terror. " But it is a gloomy old room, though, isn't it?" "I call it a very pleasant room," replied the knight. "In fast, it is one of the pleasantest apartments of the castle. The earl used it for his own until this ghost came to haunt it." "Isn't there but one ghost, my master?" "I don't know how many there may be. There's only one that I am particular about seeing." "And what's that?" "The ghost of a woman." "But how is it about those old murdered monks?" demanded Griffeth. "I suppose any of them will come that may happen to take a notion." "Pshaw! That's all nonsense," asserted Thorwald. "What would those old fellows be doing—" "Ha!—What's that?" It was the esquire who uttered the exclama- tion ; and as he did so he started back towards the door of the bed-chamber. "That was only the moaning of the wind," said Thorwald. "But I heard a footstep." "It is nothing. Mercy! just think of the howl of the storm, and remember how many sounds, in such a place as this, may arise from that cause. I trust that your resolution is not deserting you so soon." "No," returned the Saxon, shaking himself ; "I am not afraid.—Heavens!—" A stream of lightning set the air on fire, and the bolt that exploded shook the old walls till they quivered to their very foundations. "I tell you, my master," howled the esquire, as soon as he could command his speech, "this lightning and thunder is not the work of nature. Who ever heard the like before?" The timidity of his attendant served to give the knight control over himself, and he laughed derisively. "Griffeth, your senses are leaving you. What, do you suppose, have ghosts to do with the lightning? Bah! Don't be a child! Courage, man! Let us go into the other room and get the wine, and then we'll take our places for the watch. If only the lightning and the thunder come to disturb us, I shall make up my mind that there are no ghosts here." They went into the bed-chamber, where the esquire almost emptied one bottle at a single draught ; and as the generous influence thereof mounted to his brain, he became quite bold and defiant. He was not in the habit of drinking wine of that quality, and perhaps he mistook a port of its warmth for the influence of his own returning nerve and resolution. "Come, Griffeth,—bring along the basket, and we will find comfortable places in the other room." "All right," responded Griffeth, lifting the baske and moving forward. "If there are any ghosts about to-night I hope they'll show them- selves. Of course, I couldn't fancy the idea of having those walls tumble about our heads by the lightning ; but I don't think I should be afraid of all the ghosts in Scotland. Who ever heard of a ghost's hurting anybody?" "The very question I have asked myself a thousand times," added Thorwald. "Just think of it. That young braggadocio of Lanark occupies those apartments night after night. Bah!—Shall we tremble where he chooses to walk?" "I don't think we shall, my master. But has he soon any ghosts?" "He says he has ; but he may be lying. He may tell that story in order that he may keep possession of the finest apartments of the castle. We'll see whether he tells the truth or not." "And," suggested Griffeth, "If you don't find them haunted, I should advise you to take them for your own use." "I shall most certainly do so.—There, Grif- feth,—here we are. Suppose we take our seats near this shrine. They say evil spirits are afraid of the holy cross ; and if they are, this crucifix may prove a protection to us. "And good spirits we are not afraid of," added the esquire, with a light laugh at the wit of his application. They took their seats close by the shrine, in the corner of the room nearest to the door of the bed-chamber, and having taken one more draught from the bottle they composed them- selves for quiet rest. "If you should feel very sleepy," said Thor- wald, "you must let me know ; and I will do the same on my part ; for we must not both sleep together." The moments dragged heavily and wearily away. The storm raged without, rattling the casements, and moaning and howling around the angles and towers of the castle ; while over and anon the vivid lightning turned the dark- ness into living fire, and the thunder came crashing down as though the Cyclops were hurl- ing the mountains from their beds. "It must be near midnight," spoke Griffeth, who saw that his master had a tendency to sleep. "Eh!" cried Thorwold, with a start. "I say it must be near midnight." "Yes,—I think it must." "If the ghosts are coming, they will be along very soon." "I should think so. I believe they gene- rally—" Thorwald's speech was out short by a stream of lightning that for the moment completely blinded him ; and the crash of thunder that followed was terrific. As the last echo died away among the distant mountains the light of the lamp, which stood upon a ledge of the altar, grew pale, and presently a ghostly glare pervaded the apartment. Then a deep groan, as of some one in torment, greeted the ears of the watchers ; and directly afterwards a wild peal of demoniac laughter broke upon the air. With hair erect and eyes starting from their sockets, Griffeth raised his trembling hand, and as Thorwald followed the direction indicated, he beheld the figure of an old man, clad in a monkish costume, standing near the centre of the apartment. The face was horrible to look upon, and from a frightful gash in the forehead a stream of blood was trickling down the sunken cheek. Slowly the awful presence raised its bony hand, and, in hollow, sepulchral tones, pro- nounced : "Son of Eric, what would'st thou?" Thorwald had no power of speech ; nor had he the power of motion ; but, fixed in his seat as though held there by a hand of iron, he could only gaze upon the horrible spectre in silent terror. The Saxon had crouched down behind the altar, and covered his eyes with his hands. Another wild, screeching laugh broke the air —not from the lips of the bleeding monk, but from a source unseen,—and then the presence spoke again : "You have sought me, and you have found me. Henceforth I will be with you when ye wot not. Look to thyself, Son of Eric, and be sure there is a just God in Heaven!" As the voice ceased a howling wind filled the apartment ; the lump was extinguished ; the ghostly glare went out ; another wild laugh, with which were mingled groans and screeches most horrible, followed ; the old oaken chairs, as though gifted with the power of motion, rattled against each other, until they were finally hurled upon the watchers, striking them down, with their faces to the floor. Then all was hushed, save the mournful howling of the storm, and the rushing of the cold, damp wind that still filled the apartment. [TO BE CONTINUED.] MR. SIMMS says if it wasn't for the hole in the hoop you couldn't put it on the barrel, and the barrel would burst. IT is said that under the new system of ex- tracting alcohol from garbage, a palatable article of beer may be obtained from old boots. WOMAN is composed of 243 bones, 409 muscles, and 306 pins. Fearfully and wonderfully made, and to be handled with care to avoid scratches. A VERDANT Cape Codder, upon seeing a locomotive for the first time, threw up his hands, exclaiming : " By thunder, what a darned great stove!" A NOTE was found in the pocket of a recent suicide in England, saying, " Don't believe my wife if she says she has not money to pay for my coffin." IT is reported by an English paper that the author of " Breaking a Butterfly" is engaged upon a new work, " Crushing a Caterpillar." A more meritorious work, we should judge. NOT having heard from the debating societies in rotation to the conundrum, " Why do hens always lay eggs in the day time ?" a contempo- rary answers, " Because at night they are ' roosters.' " " JIM," said one youngster to another on the Fourth, " Jim, lend me two cents, will yer ? I got up so early that I spent all my money before breakfast. I didn't think the day was going to be so long." CLARA, looking at the bonnets, &c.;—" Don't you think they are very handsome?" Amy, whose thoughts are on the other side of the street.—" Very ; 'specially the one with the black moustache." A GENTLEMAN was talking to a friend, in the presence of his attorney, about the value of honesty. " Honesty," said the attorney " what is honesty ?"—" What is that to you?" retorted the gentleman ; " don't meddle with things which do not concern you." Two men running in opposite directions came in rough contact while turning a corner. " Oh dear ! how you make my head ring," said Smith. " That's a sign it's hollow," said Brown. " But didn't yours ring ?"—" No."—" That's a sign it's cracked, replied his friend. They parted. A FRANK CONCESSION.—Frank was in the habit of falling out of bed during the night, and his father, to break him of the habit, would re- mind him of it the next morning. Yesterday, as usual, his father said to him, " Here, Frank, you fell out of bed again,"—" Oh, no, father," said F., "I didn't ; it was the pillow ; for I went up to see, and the pillow was on the floor beside the bed."—" What made you cry, then ?" said his father. " Well, you see," said Frank, in the most sober manner, " it was dark, and I could not tell whether it was me or the pillow." 