CRICKET. THE LAUNCESTON CLCB V. THE CODNTHV. This match was set down in the pro gramme of the season as ' Town v. Country, ' but owing to a split in the ranks of the best ' Town' players, the game had to be played by members of the L.C.C, or full through. This was re gretted on all sides, and resulted in a com paratively easy victory to the country team. Not one member of the Prince of Wales Club was iu the list ; and Still, T. Daley, aud Martiu, who doubtless would have added to the strength of the 'Town,' were conspicuous by tUeir abseuce. Tom liuddleston, too, of whom great hope* were entertained, was far from up to the mark. His exertions iu aid ofu member of tho club to obtain civic honors was far from qualifying him to assist, in the best of his ability, some half dozen of the club in suatvhiug a victory out of ti'ie /ire. Nolw!t!ist:n liug the evident waut ol practice, and consequent bad fielding, tke Launeeston Club made a very good stand, and, profiting by a knowledge o'1 their faults on this occasiou, their present de feat may possibly be of ultimate advan tage to tlieui. We have mentioned bad fielding, vre in justice however must ex cept Messrs. Collins, Glyun, Archer. Clearv, and Huddl^ston ; the others were palpably deficient, the long stop iu parti cular showing want of practice. A fiucr day than last Saturday oouM not possibly have been selected for the malch ; the emerald Rrocn of (lit? well rolled sward, the umbrageous I'oliagi' ol' the Bullish forest tre^s planted around the outskirts of the ground, the prosence of numerous ladies, tlu- smart dresses of the contending eleven-:, mid ro-v smiling fac^s of juvenile lads and Ihss.'v lout a charm to tho scene at oneo homely aud refreshing. The '' Country' wuiv first to take (he field, T. Hogsr and H. IW.-i bowlius; to Tom HudillosLou :md W. Glynn. Throe rims were scored oil' Hogg's first over, ai'd the pla . continued very steady till Glyuu hit u ball on to the wicket- keeper's head thence into slip's hands. One out for 13 runs. King then joined liuddleston and maintained the partnership intact till he received a com nulsory dismissal iu the shape of a shooter from Hogg. With the fall of the second wicket 30 runs were telegraphed. The style in which Ms successor, J. Fergus son, handled the willow, led to great ex pectations, but after a single and a splen did drive for 4 was eleyorly caught by Douglas off Barrett. Collins was then the cottfrerc at Huddleslon, who soon after wards foil a victim to a shook1!1, of which he seemed quilc uneonseious, and retired -rilh 13 to his umJit. It remained for Collins to achieve the laurel for the highest score, played iu a most masterly manner, aud to carry out his bnt ; iudced when we say tin.1 lust six men went out for one run it is difficult to say how many Collius may have .not had he had one or two stickers. A rclier made a fine hard hit to point but D. Burke hod him sharply. K. Green played h bull too late, aud T. Green ivas caught in the slips for 1. Bar rett's last over got two wickets, nnd Collins carried out his but for 19, without giving the ghost of a chance. The innings terminated for vhe very uioderute total of 69. The Country commenced their innings -rith ' the Douglas '' to the frout to defend iheir wickets against the onslaught of W. Glynn and Tom Huddlcston. Ere they were separated R. Douglas scored S iu three hits, and the board showed 1 out tor 1.0 ruus. J. Arthur then became the companion of \V. Douglas, and the latter gave a most easy clianee to ilinff at Jong on, but being spared lie butted during the remainder of the innings with the greatest confidence, liittnig to. all parts of the field, and eventually bringing out his bat for the rans more than (he total off the bat, of the opposing eleven, J. Arthur missed a ball well up from liuddleslou, aud retired after scoring four siugles aud a ttvo. T. Barrett jjoicod for 3 till a trimmer from Glynu seat him (o the pavilion. H. Bar rett played verv steadily for |iis baiter's dozen. When Keating was getting a good score, a change in the bowling was deemed necessary, and Green was put on nice Huddlcston, without effect, however; and, on the return from luuclieou, Hud dlostone resumed his office. The batting,' nevertheless, continued to master the bowling, till Glynn fairly bowled Keuting after a well got 15. (7 out for 125 ruus.) The reiuaindci' ot the team failed to score; Burke interposing his leg instead of his bat .between tho bull and the stumps, and the .last two men were takeu in two con secutive balls by Tom Huddlcstou. Owing to bad fielding, the byes were uo inconsiderable item in the total of the' innings, which amounted to 120. '-' With 57 ruus to get to prevent an in glorious defeat, of one innings, the town ites sent in W Collins and Huddleston. The latter, out of form-, retired for a very modest one, making room for K. Green, who, with his colleague Collins, soon made a respectable show on the telegraph board. Eudecd, it seemed as if Collins had a lease of his wicket, aud soon ran up the score to 40, when a change of bowlers was thought necessary, and T, Barrett and Arthur were put on. Glynu was again unfortunate in being caught, whether off the handle of his bat or off the glove of the wicket-keeper no one seemed to know. Glvun. however, verr nro perly retired without a murmur. (Three out for 46 runs.) Cloary joined R, Grecu, and the two kept the ball moving, tho latter making a splendid cut for 3, and was soon after given out leg before wicket, deary made hi6 half dozen in short time, but failed to put away one of Arthur's1 iusimiators. (5 out .for 43.) Ferguson made a splwidid, square leg hit apparently for 3, but while the applause of admiring hundreds was rimming in his ears, the ball was safely dnnositcd iu the hauds of Dumaresq, who was evidently the right man iu the riglit place. With the excep tion of Sherwin uo one made a stand, and the innings, closed for 8i. leaving the Country to get 28 runs to win, which they accomplished with the loss of three wickets. The following is the score :— LLV SCBS10X CXDJ1. First Inning*. Second Innings. X. HuiMl-Mto.i, l- V-HogK ? °. 1 Keating ? 13 W. Gljim, c ll. D. c \V. Douglas, b X. Dougta, i- liotg C Barrett ? 3 'E. King b Hog/ . . o not out ? 3 ?'. Fcrgu«in, c If. c Dumnrcsq, b H. Barret, 1- Doujjlis 5 Douglas ? 0 rt'.Colliu«. nit out. 19 e Arthur, b Hogg... 17 AVilmot, b J Anliur 0 b J. Arthur ? 1 T. Arctic*, c Birku, c Burke, b Hogg .„ 2 b Douglas .. .. 0 R. Grcon, b A thur 0 l.b.w. J. Arthur ...17 T. Green, c Hog;;, b 1£. Riirrutt ? 1 c Burkr, b Arthur... 4 Sherwin. b Barren 0 c and b Arthur ... 1 »L A. Clcarr, b If. Rurrctt ? 0 b Arthur ? 6 B\\-ct S, Mi. 3, ' Dyes 0, l.b S, widos wiiles 11 ... 19 10, n.b 1 ... 23 09 84 TOE COCJTET. First Tuning'. Seeouil Tunings. W. Wimglas. not out fl3 b Glynn ? 15 K, 3-ouelas,bttli-nn 8 b Huddleston ? 1 .1. Arthur, bUudib son ? 6 not out ? ; 11 I\ Barrett, b Glvun 3 T. Hogjc, ru i out .. 3 runout ? 0 H. BuiTctl, I b w h G-lynn ? 13 l-u-nim;sq, b Glvun 1 U. foaling, utilynii 15 D. Burke, Ibw, b GIvub ? 0 G. Crtcuu.bUuiIdl ston ? 0 1'V.nthnrntoii, b Hud dlenton ? 0 llyes ? 13 ? 1 Leg-bye, ..'. 1 ? 0 126 28 TiiHATitE Roval. — On Uomlay evening no forme 1 fie acj 'lainUuce of Mr J. P. Addaini, who pres .'nted us with a graphic delineation of A-nerican eccentricities as Deateronrnv V) itiful in a browl fiirce en titled ' The Vermont, Wool Denier.' This actor stands alone in his peculiar line, that \--t tlie entr-tvajtmiUy ococtitric ' tjeuuwine ' Vaukee.and played with an unctious humour which kept tin; audience laughing from -his first nppuafanuc lil! the cui'taiu fell. Wp were sorry to sec that BocoodftiiaiHtu.'wasso miserably supported,'; jiud,tbia| the audience, -./as so meagre . He \vks, iibwovfer, hbntitirkd ' with an 1uiii5iimouB'Icttir&amiiafe; WshoWbulc characteristic speech . 