English Mail. Sympathy, with the Greek Church.— Our readers are well aware that there exists in England, within the bosom of our Church, a society known by the initials A.P.U.C., which are to be interpreted as designating an association for promoting the unity of Christen dom. Without inquiring what particular notion of unity pervades this society, we might assume that, regarding our own Church as a centre, as the bull's eye of the target, the other Churches of Christen dom may be as the concentric bands of the target, varying in colour as well as in radius. All will agree in this geometrical illustration. But the question to be discussed, and on which we should widely differ, is as to which communions are to be represented by the circles which are near, and which by those that are afar off. In. our innocence we should try to determine this question by a comparison , of the confessions of faith with our own Thirty- nine Articles, regard ing, as we do, the articles as the distinguishing characteristic of our own Church. As personal prejudices would by such a course be held in suspension, this would lead us by a logical necessity to recognise i in the various Protestant Churches, particularly those of Scotland, ? Germany, and Switzerland, which have in no sense 'dissented' or ' seceded' from us, as entitled to the inner circles of our supposed diagram. On A.P.U.C. principles, we could not make a greater mis take. We are wrong in our centre, we are wrong in the measurement of radii from that centre. The true centre is the eucharistic sacrifice ; and Churches, as well as individuals, who fail to recognise a sacrific ing priesthood are to be placed quami longissv/nb towards the circum ference. In our last number we mentioned the visit to England of the Greek Archbishop Lycurgus, and the honours paid to him not only by the English Church Union, but by some of our own prelates. As might be expected, the whole affair has been subjected to the severest criticism. A letter has been addressed by the Rev. Dr. Verner White, Presbyterian minister, Liverpool, to the Eev. Dr. Taylor, of St. Silas, in that town, proposing an exchange of pulpits as a demonstration of the union of Christendom on the basis of truth. In the course of his reply, declining the invitation on the ground of legal disability, Dr. Taylor made the following remarks: — ' As to the subject which has given occasion to your letter, I may say for myself I deeply regret that the ecclesiastical authorities of the Established Church should have thought it consistent with their duty, or in. any way. incumbent on them, to be officially represented, as is reported, at the consecration of the Greek church on Monday last. This is, however, their own concern; and as far as their act may be regarded as a representative one, I claim the liberty entirely to repudiate it. I speak but for myself, but I know I am also ex pressing the sentiments and wounded feelings of many of the clergy in this town. It is to my mind simply inconceivable how any cler gymen of our Church could sanction by their presence, save as spectators, the superstitious ceremonies of last Sunday. But, besides the question of ritual arid ceremony, the Greek Church is erroneous in doctrine. She holds the seven sacraments, prayers for the dead, invocation of saints and angels, veneration of relics, and, above all, the real objective presence of our Lord's true body and. blood tinder the forms of bread and wine by virtue of consecration. The Russian Church teaches transubstantiation ; the Coimcil of Constan tinople in 1638, and of Bethlehem or Jerusalem in 1672, decreed the same ; and the Liturgy of St. Chrysostom, in daily Use in Constanti nople, has the following prayer : — 'Make this bread, the precious body of Thy Christ, and that which is in the cup the precious blood of Thy Christ, changing them by Thy Holy Spirit.' The Greek Church is indeed anti- Papal as it regards the supremacy of the Pope, but it is also anti- Protestant, for it holds substantially most, if not all, the doctrines protested against in our Thirty-nine Articles; whilst, as to the character of its ceremonial, the report in the daily papers is quite enough. A local daily paper states, with too much truth; I fear, that, 'for the 'most part, those who embrace the Archbishop of Syra in fra ternal love are precisely those who would give a like welcome to Car dinal Antonelli or the Pope.' ' ' Writing to the Times, ' Nonconformist' ' says — ' In the Times of Monday there is a report of the visit of the Archbishop of Syra and Tenos to the city of York. In that report I find this remarkable piece oil information : — ' At the usual time for the afternoon service a procession from the vestry was formed, in which the Greek Archbishop assumed his vestments. . . . The proceed ings then terminated by the Archbishop of Syra pronouncing a benediction in Greek.' The Archbishop of Syra is no doubt a very excellent man ; but he is a Priest of the most corrupt Church in Christendom ; he is also an alien. What could be the effect if your next Monday's impression contained the following: — 'The Rev. R, W, Dale, the able and eloquent chairman of the Congre gational Union, took part in the service under the dome of St. Paul's. The Rev. Div Raleigh is expected to preach next Sunday.'' We cannot be surprised that the Daily JVews, or indeed any other paper expressing the sense of ordinary laymen in regard to such proceedings, should thus express itself: — 'The conspicuous part in the functions and ceremonial of the Church of England which has been accorded during the last fortnight to Lycurgus, Archbishop of Syra, was sure to attract the notice of members of those bodies of English Christians whose ministers are systematically ignored by the Established Church. When we hear of a foreign ecclesiastic, unknown to fame, being received with open arms by our archbishops, and one,day assisting, in full pontificals, at a consecration of a bishop in Westminster Abbey, and pronouncing a benediction on another day in York Minster, we naturally ask, What is the ground of this more than fraternal feeling extended to a foreigner, and why is it withheld from those who are nearer home? When we look at the' great questions which divide the Greek Church from the Church of England, and then remark the very slight differences which separate our Protestant Nonconformists from the Establishment, we cannot but ask, Why this difference of treatment ? And at a time when im portant practical legal and social distinctions are based upon the dif ferent position of Churchmen and dissenters, our archbishops^ arid bishops must expect that this question will be pressed.' Bishop Wordsworth, of Lincoln, seems to have been carried away by a phil hellenistic enthusiasm— more classical perhaps than theological— when he read the Church service iu Greek in Ms private cha pel in compliment to His Grace of Tenos, introducing the Ni cene Creed, with the omission of the clause equivalent to filioque. In. the course of certain remarks on the Roman Council, the . learned prelate expressed his solemn conviction, from thirty years' study of prophecy, that Rome is the Babylon of the Apocalypse. We might ask him, Is the Greek Church much better? What this frater nisation means in the case of a broad Churchman of the Stanley type, may be gathered from the following extract from the proceedings of convocation :—' The Glmrcli of Abyssinia. — The Bishop of Not tingham moved ' That a representation from this Chamber be made to their Lordships the Bishops, respectfully requesting them to address, through the President, a letter of brotherly affection to the Abouua of the Abyssinian Church, inviting him to mutual inter cessory prayer, and to such further communications as may lead to intercommunion between our long-severed Churches, on the basis of the Apostles' Creed.' The Dean of Westminster, in seconding the resolution, said that what was proposed was the extremest case that could be put of a desire to recognise distant Churches, for the Abouna of Abyssinia was really what the Archbishop of Syra had most untruly been said to be, ' the chief prelate in the most corrupt Church in the world.' At the same time, he could not conceive how the Apostles' Creed could be made a basis of intercommunion, seeing that it was as unknown to the Abyssiniaus as the Thirty-nine Articles. Their creed was, he believed, that of Nicaaa, with the anathemas. He might repeat that he supported this motion because its adoption would tend, quantum valeat, to cancel the dictum of the Athanasian Creed, that persons who did not hold certain propositions would 'without doubt perish everlastingly.' In this case the Abouna not only rejected the Filioque, but he was a Monophysite.' Proposed Revision of the English Bible.— A controversy of great interest has been aroused by a resolution passed in the Upper House of Convocation, on the motion of the Bishop of Winchester, ? ' That a committee of both Houses be appointed, with power .to confer with any committee that may be appointed by the Convoca tion of the Northern Province, to report upon the desirableness of a revision of the authorised version of the Old and New Testaments, whether by marginal notes or otherwise, in all those passages where plain and clear 'errors, whether in the Hebrew or Greek text, origi nally adopted by the translators, or in the .translations made from the same, shall on due investigation be found to exist.' The Bishop of St. David's briefly hinted at some of the most formidable objec tions to a new translation : — ' He did not believe that any alteration in the grammatical or verbal construction of the New Testament would in any way affect the doctrine which the Church of England! now held. (The members of the Upper House of Convocation, who do not usually make such demonstrations of approval as are indulged in by both Houses of Parliament, said, ' Hear, hear,' to this state ment of the right rev. prelate.) He believed that the study of biblical criticism was making great progress, and that great dis coveries, and, indeed, some very valuable discoveries, were being made, in consequence of which many contended that a revision of the Scriptures was indispensable. But objections had been made, one of the foremost being that they might be the means of intro ducing a version of the Scripture which might not command such a universal assent as the presout. There might, it was said, be a Church Bible and a Dissenting Bible, and this would be such a tremendous evil that no advantage which could possi bly be gained could ever compensate for it. Of course, if the assent of all nonconforming bodies could bo obtained to a re vised edition of the Scriptures, all difficulties would be removed. But he was afraid that such a revision would deprive many dissenting ministers of many of then1 principal texts.' Lord Shaftesbury, as president of the Bible Society, echoes in a letter to the Times the remarks of Bishop Thirlwall, but adds — 'This statement, though most true, is very greatly under the mark. The English Bible, as altered by the Bishops, will cease to be the Bible, not only of the Nonconformists, but of the Scotch and Irish Presby terian Churches ; it would cease to be the Bible of our brethren in the United States of America, and of every Protestant speaking the English language over the entire surface of the globe. We should, moreover, lie under the burden — the importance of which will, of course, be variously estimated — of having the iifty million copies of the Scriptures already issued by the Society 'synodically condemned' (such is the phrase) by the two Houses of Convocation. It would be difficult to describe the benefits that have been derived by a very large portion of the human race from this hearty, earnest, and general acceptance of the authorised version, but it would be still more diffi cult to describe the manifold evils that would flow from a disruption of this bond of union.' A letter of Archdeacon Allen to the Times gives a highly judicious statement of the necessity that has arisen : — 'All the arguments against alterations are admirably answered in the preface of the translators. What is desired is that in the margin should be printed such words as would seem to nine out of ten com petent scholars, if empanelled as a. jury, to be amendments. These may be classed under four heads — 1. The change of some words that have a coarser sound now than they had 260 years ago. 2. The use of the same name in the Old and New Testaments to designate the same person, as Joshua, Acts vii. 45, Hebrews iv. 8. 3. The omission of a very few words that modern criticism has shown to be not part of the original text. 4. Some slight amendments of the translation, particularly changing the English word where the word in the origi nal is changed, as light (John i. 8 and v. 35), and the reverse. Most people wish that skins could be read for bottles (Matthew ix. 17). The italics (Matthew xx. 23) give a Socinian meaning to our Saviour's words, which is not borne out by the original.' The New Lectionary.—Two years' labour of the Eitual Com missioners has resulted in a report on this department of Liturgical Kevision, and their tables are printed in the Church papers. In its comments upon the roport,'thc Times commends the manner in which the Scriptures have been selected : — ' An examination of the schedule shows that many chapters and portions ©f chapters have been omitted which, in the language of the Commissioners, ' arc not conducive to edification when read in the general congregation.'' Mr. E. B. Dcni son seems to have taken great pains to' analyse these formidable lists, and in the Times publishes the results : — ' Of the present 120 Sunday Lessons, 39 are unaltered in length and position, disregarding 12 changes from one morning or evening to another, and treating the now alternative services for ' evensong' as one ; 26 are transposed be tween morning and evening ; 34 are erased ; 15 shortened or divided ; and 4 lengthened by a few verses of an adjoining chapter. The fragments of chapters are increased from 7 to 70 ; and there arc 9S new Lessons to supply the omissions, and the 61 new evening Les sons. Of the present 103 Lessons for holydays, 30 are unaltered, 4 transposed between morning and evening, 12 shortened or divided. The fragments of chapters are increased from 33 to 100, and there are 78 new Lessons without any alternatives for 'evensong.' Of the 138S Lessons for what we may call common days (taken the new number) there remains unaltered in place and length — one, Gen. L, on January 2. There are 1057 fragments of chapters, of which 101 pairs are combined in one Lesson. This arises from the omission of 66 of the present 106 Apocryphal Lessons, as the report says, and of many other parts of chapters, and from the New Testament being read through twice instead of three times in the. year, which makes all the second Lessons one-third shorter on the average, except that the Apocalypse is now included. The average length of the present. Sunday morning Lessons is 30 verses, and of the evening 27 ; of the proposed morning ones it is 25, and of the two evenings 22. The above- mentioned shortening of the second Lessons will be perhaps six or seven verses ; but it would take more time than it is worth to calculate that exactly. From six to eight verses are generally read in a minute ; so that the average saving in. each service on Sundays will be-nearly two minutes. The holyday Lessons are reduced from an average of 21 verses to 13£, so the saving of time there will be a little more than two minutes. Some persons will rejoice at Joshua x. being expunged from the Sunday Lessons because it contains the miracle of the apparent stopping of the sun and moon, whether they care or not for the erasure of the first twenty-one verses of a very grand chapter, Joel ii., containing the prophecy of the locusts. On the other hand, Belshazzar's Feast, Daniel v., is added, and some other in teresting chapters. Solomon's Songis at last to be brought out of silence, and every Easter Monday we are to hoar, 'My beloved spake and said unto me, Eise up, my love, my fair one, and come away,' &c.-;, Cant, ii. 10, instead of 'Exodus xvii.' We shall probably hear very much more on this subject, and multiplied objections may be anticipated. That satisfaction is not given in all quarters may be inferred from the published opinion of the celebrated Ingoldsby revisionist, the Kev. James Hildyard. He says — 'It is one thing to improve, another to revolutionise. I, for one, should decidedly prefer the old calendar to the new one, and should continue to use it except in a few cases. It is on this account that I shrink from the proposed revision of our present translation of the Scriptures. There are undoubtedly many, words and phrases that might be more accurately rendered than they now are, especially in the New Testament. But, with the specimen we have of our probable revisers before my eyes, I confess I should have great fear lest in submitting our old version to the ordeal of a revision we might, as in the case of the Calendar, lose more than gain by the operation. ' ' The Commissioners appear to have ^ been careful to submit draft copies of their report to various ' authorities, theological professors, and others at home. It might have been well to have given the colonies a voice. The Metropolitan of India might know how to draw up a Lectionary suited for tropical climates. Sib R. Phillimore's Judgment in the case oj1 Rev. J. Pubchas. — In former numbers of the Messenger we have noticed the daring innovations, as well as the grotesque ceremonial, introduced by Mr. Purchas at Brighton. In the chapel of the late Mr. Maitland he had contrived a ritual which combined, or even exceeded, all that had been attempted by the most extreme Romaniscrs. Even the English Church Union, in a report on the subject of the ceremonies now under dispute, acknowledge that he had exceeded the law. The present Dean of the Courts of Arches, before whom Mr. Purchas has been placed on his trial, by the help of the Church Association, was one in whom the ritualistic party had every confidence, the learned Judge having in fact occupied the position of standing counsel to their Society. The Ritualistic organs allege that their Judge's freedom of action has been to a considerable extent ' hampered by the decision of the Privy Council in Martin v. Mac7t,onoc7rie;' and that so the Church' Association 'has obtained the prohibition of altar lights, incense used ceremonially, the use of the cope at matins and evensong, the singing of the Agnus Dei during the Communion, the tolling of the church bell pending the consecration prayer, the cere monial use of ashes on the first day of Lent, and the use of all stoles whatsoever, including the familiar black scarf of the Evangelicals.' We may add to this Ritualistic catalogue of defects that the proces sions with crosses, crucifixes, banners, music, and consecrated candles have all been swept away as so much rubbish. At the same time it must be acknowledged that, wherever Sir Robert Phillimore's ' private crotchets' were not interfered with by the Privy Council, he did his best for his old clients. He virtually sanctioned the use of holy water, provided the jars were not publicly filled by the officiating priest, or the water consecrated in the presence of the congregation. He admitted that he was compelled to disallow the mixed chalice if the mixture was made in the sight of the people ; but if it could be managed in the vestry or otherwise clandestinely, then it would be lawful for the priest to use a mixture of wine and water, although the Church of England commands that wine only shall be administered. Wafers, after the fashion of the Romanists, are also to be used, whilst plain wheaten bread is to be regarded only as a tolerated, not an imperative, usage. One of the charges on which the judgment was against Mr. Purchas related _ to 'a figure, image, or stuffed skin of a dove in a flying attitude,' kept over the holy table on Whitsuntide, no doubt intended to symbolise the Holy Ghost, and was a practice especially profane. On the question of vestments, however, the Dean has ruled somewhat in favour of Mr. Purchas. On this point we quote from the juclg ment itself : — ' I am of opinion that the plain words of the statute, according to the ordinary principles of interpretation, and the con struction which they have received in the two judgments of the Privy Council, oblige me to pronounce that the ornaments of the minister mentioned in the first Prayer-book of Edward VI. are those to which the present Rubric referred ; and I cannot therefore pass any ecclesi astical sentence against Mr. Purchas for wearing them. The next ? qiiestion is, What are these ornaments ? They are for ministers below the order of bishops, and when officiating at the communion service cope, vestment or chasuble, surplice, alb, and tunic ; in all other services the surplice only, except that in cathedral churches and colleges the academical hood may be also worn. The other vestments worn by Mr. Purchas, and the cope at any other time but the com munion service, are unlawful and may not be worn. It is unlaw ful therefore for Mr. Purchas to wear, or atithoriso to be worn, a cope at morning or at evening prayer ; albs with patches called apparels; tippets of a circular form ; stoics of any kind whatsoever, whether black, white, or coloured, and worn in any manner ; dalmatics and maniples, which latter ornament, it appears _ from * the evidence, was worn on one occasion by one of the officiating clergymen, though it does not appear that Mr. Purchas wore one himself. As to the girdle and the amice, it is not proved that Mr. Purchas wore them or suffered them to be worn. With respect to the covering or cap, called a ' biretta,' which Mr. Purchas was proved' to have carried in his hand, and a clergyman to have worn in a procession, it appears to me as innocent an orna ment as a hat or a wig, or as a velvet cap, which latter 'is not uncom monly worn by bishops, clergy, and laity as a protection to the head when needed: The 74th Canon, which is still in force, and which enjoins decency of apparel to ministers when out of their houses, pro vides that ' no ecclesiasticall persons shall weare any coife or wrought night-caps, but onely plaine night-caps of blacke silke, sattin, or velvet.' And the 18th Canon provides that { no man shall cover his head in the church or chappell in the time of Divine service, except he have some infirmity, in which case let him wear a night-cap or coife,' which word ' night-cap' is not to be understood as a covering worn in bed, but as a kind of close-fitting cap, as is shown by the words in the Latin Canons, 'jpileolo ant rica.' And I do not pronounce this particular kind of black cap, called a biretta, so worn, to be un lawful.' Of course, the Church Association will not be satisfied with this portion of the decision, as they are perfectly confident that the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council will, in appeal, rule in favour of the custom of three centuries. In this diocese preaching in the surlpice is regarded as a thing indifferent, and Tendered all but necessary by the universal introduction of the weekly offertory, but at home the prejudice against it is far stronger than we can conceive. The Daily News has some sagacious remarks on the vestment ques tion :—' Should the Church Association succeed in the main objects of its appeal from Sir E. Phillimore's judgment in the case of Mplrinstone v. Purchas, the result will be a more serious blow to Ritualism in the Church of England than it has hitherto sustained. A very little consideration will suffice to show why this should be. The appeal is chiefly directed against the allowance of the so-called ' Eucharistic Vestments.' Now, if we always took things at their real value, it is plain that there arc many features of Ritualism more important than priestly garments. Nevertheless, as Hen- Tcuf elsdrockh has shown, we do not understand the world until we understand clothes, and Polonius declared ' the apparel oft proclaims the man.' So it is here, These vestments arc the badge of a system, and when a votary of Ritualism inquires as to its progress on a particular point, he does not ask if the priests teach the doctrine of the Real Presence and practise auricular confession, but whether they wear the vest ments. Now, experience shows that you may pass judgment after judgment against the Ritualists on minor points, such as altar lights, incense, prostrations, elevations, and the like ; and yet after those judgments have been satisfied to the letter, the system, to the eye of an ordinary observer, remains unchanged. It would be otherwise if vestments were disallowed. These wondrous articles of attire, with their brightly- contrasted colours and extraordinary forms, give a strongly marked character to the service in which they are used.' The Bishop ok Lichfield on the Subplick. — Dr. Phillimore's decision on vestments has been already turned to practical account by Bishop Selwyn : — ' A .difference which lias been for some time existing between the parishioners of St. George's, Wolverhampton, and their vicar, the Rev, A, S, Prior, who persists in wearing the surplice, was referred some time ago to the Bishop of the diocese of Lichfield, whose decision supported Mr. Prior in the course which he was taking, in respect of the surplice in particulai'. The congrega tion will not, however, have the surplice, and continues regularly eveiy Sunday, as Mr. Prior enters the pulpit attired in it, to leave the church. The Bishop has circulated a pastoral letter to the parishioners, in which he reasserted that Mr. Prior has a right, now fully established by law, to use the surplice through all the ministra tions in church. His previous award, strengthened as it now is by the recent judgment of the Court of Arches, Dr. Selwyn hopes may be accepted by all. His Lordship then goes on as follows : — ' I re ' quest — what I have a right to demand — that the unseemly demon strations by which a portion ,of the congregation have shown their dissatisfaction may not again violate the sanctity of the house of God. As it would have been my duty to restrain the Eev. A. S. Prior from transgressions of the law, so also it is my duty to protect him in the lawful exercise of his ministry. I cannot allow libellous and un founded charges and imputations to be circulated against him without warning the authors of them that they are breaking the laws both of God and man. I have carefully investigated the charges against him, and have pronounced them to be groundless.' ' Bishop Temple, of Exeter.— The appointment by Mr. Gladstone to the see of Exeter of a leading contributor to the notorious Essays and Reviews raised a storm in the Church which had reached a climax when the consecration of this prelate made retreat impossible. Was it pos sible that a contributor to so mischiveous ' a collection coidd be appointed to ' banish erroneous and strange doctrines?' But was he equally sceptical with his collaboratexm's ? Might he not retract ? might he not explain ? So persuaded were both friends and many of his foes of his orthodoxy, that some of the most influential persons in the Church entreated him, by the most cogent arguments, and by the most touching considerations, to disavow all connection with and approval of the other essays. Dr. Temple rejected importunities and arguments alike; and all believed, or at least many believed, that this was an act of self-denying heroism. For the sake of those with whom he appeared to have acted, but with whom he was supposed to have no sympathy, he maintained a rigid silence. But no sooner is he safely seated on,the episcopal Bench than, with, an air of tender ness towards those weak brethren who differed from him, and by a sort of circumlocutory process, he avows through his Mends in the Lower House of Convocation that he has withdrawn his offensive essay from circulation ; and this avowal was accompanied on the part of his friends with circumstantial evidence proving that he was not, and could not have been, even aware of the nature of the other essays in this mischievous volume until they appeared in print. This con ciliatory movement on the part of the Bishop had an almost elec trifying effect on his opponents. With a generosity and honourable reliance on the sincerity of this public avowal — a reliance hardly justified by the result — the members of the Lower House, Dr. Pusey, and others, rushed into print, anxious to proclaim their high satis faction at this episcopal avowal, and withdrawing their opposition in the most unqualified terms. Influenced by similar feelings, the . Upper House, in a' large gathering of the bishops, received their brother with open arms, believing that by the withdrawal of the offensive essay the Bishop had tacitly admitted his error.. The mutual confessions, explanations, and courtesies of their Lordships could hardly escape the irony of the secular press. But scarcely twenty-four hours'; had passed when the same conclave of bishops were astounded by a long involved explanation from the same Bishop of Exeter, the purport of which was that he did not intend by his withdrawal of his essay from circulation to retract anything which he had written, nor even to dis sociate himself from his coadjutors in this work, which, be it remem bered, had been deliberately and unanimously condemned by both Houses of Convocation : nay, he went so far- as to express his convic tion that, while the work in question might in some cases have done harm, he believed that it had done much more good than harm. And he likened it to the works of Luther himself, of whom the same thing might be said. Now, the most prominent and painful impression produced on the mind in the review of the circumstances is this, that it is palpably evident that, but for the previous reticence of Dr. Tem ple, he never could or would have been Bishop of Exeter ; his oppo nents would not have withdrawn their efforts to exclude him from S.P.G. or any place of influence in the Church ; the blandishments of Ms brother bishops would not have been lavished on him ; but he would have stood, as he now stands, as a vindicator of a work almost universally condemned. Surley he has a heavy account of moral responsibility to settle with his Mends and his foes, who have been alike deceived — far be it from us to say intentionally, but certainly deceived. A Student op the Olden Times. — The following extract from a sermon preached at Paul's Cross by Thomas Leaver, Master of St. John's College, Cambridge, furnishes an insight into the university life of an undergraduate of the early part of the sixteenth century :— ' There be dyuers there (said Leaver, speaking of the poor students of Cambridge) which ryse daily betwixt foure and fyue of the clocke in the mornynge, and from fyue until syxe of the clocke vse common prayer with an exhortation of gods worde in a common chappell, and from sixe vnto ten of the clocke use euer cyther priuate study or com mune lectures. At ten of the clocke they go to dynner, where as they be contente with a heuge pyece of biefe amongst iiii, havynge a few porage made of the brothe of the same byef e, wythe salte and otemel, and nothynge else. After thys slender dinner they be either teachinge or learnynge vntyll v. of the clocke in the evening, when as they haue a supper not much better than theyr diner. Immedyatelye after the whyche, they goo eyther to reasonying in problems or vnto some other studys, untyl it be nyne or tenne of the clocke, and there beying without fyrc, are f ayne to walke and runne up and downe halfe an houre, to gette a heate on their feete when they go to bed.' The New Constitution of the Irish Church.— The draft scheme of a constitution for the Irish Church, emanating from a committee appointed for the purpose, deals with patronage, discipline, and. finance, It recommends commutation ; appoints episcopal and ? ' ' ?«— -I-IIM— - ? -.1111.. ,. .1. Ml. II I- 1 .111.1. ... ? ? ? ^ clerical judges, with lay judges to assist; reaffirms the articles as agreed on at an Irish Synod in 1634 ; and proposes that the bishops, clergy, and laity shall sit and discuss together in the general conven tion ; the bishops invariably voting separately, and the clergy and laity only on request of three objectors to a joint vote. The appoint ment of bishops is to be by the College of Bishops, out of three names sent to them by clerical voters, the laity having merely the power of objecting, but no initiative. The parish, clergy are to be chosen like wise out of three names presented to the diocesan by a board of nominators. The scheme is to be debated at the approaching con vention, and after the first, second, and third reading of the report any resolution will become, the law of. the supreme tribunal of the Church. ? In the course of its comments on this important document, the Dublin Evening Mail says— 'The spirit of the Irish Church, as of the Protestantism which it jealously maintains, is the re conciliation of lay and clerical freedom with episcopal super vision; We look to the General Convention to solve this problem, believing that in its solution the unity and prosperity of the Irish Church, and to alarge degree of the Msh people, are involved. ... \ At the opening of the Convention the Archbishop of Armagh spoke in earnest and sorrowful tones of the financial necessities of the disen dowed Church : — ' What is more immediately pressing is the collec tion of subscriptions to form a Sustentation Fund for the support of the future clergy. To the Church body alone will these be paid, and further delay will very sensibly affect them. It may be by. almost im perceptible footsteps, but we cannot shut our. eyes to the fact that poverty is advancing upon us like an aiined man. There are not a .1 few benefices already vacant, and before the year closes there will be, I according to the inexorable law of mortality, some fifty churches to j be provided for. This is a very serious consideration. In towns the I difficulty occasioned will be easily remedied, but not in very many of I our country parishes. The people may be zealous and most willing, j but the gentry are few and far between, and the farmers find it difficult enough to meet the demands that press npon them. They | cannot support a minister, more especially before our fiscal arrange- j ments are fully organised,' without extraneous aid. It would have a I depressing effect upon the whole Chiirch if we were to commence.by j shutting up churches and abandoning parishes.' It appears that j the Prime Minister is complimented by our French neighbours for I his Msh policy in a manner and for reasons that the right hon. j gentleman could not have anticipated, The new Bishop of Manches- J ter was Ireland Scholar at Oxford, being the only one ever raised to j the Bench. The founder of this 'encouragement to classical learn ing,' Dr. John Ireland, Dean .of. Westminster, would be rather amused with the French Journal Qffioiol. which, mistaking the nature of that academical distinction, ?congratulates Mr. Gladstone on having taken another step to conciliate, Ireland by the promotion of a clergyman . distinguished for his knowledge of the Irish language and for his Msh sympathies. ; . .' . ?' : The Vacant Irish Bishopric— IJnder the new Act it is in the power of the Crown to appoint a bishop to 'the united see on the requisition of the Primate, or of any three' bishops of the province ; but any person so appointed to fill the vacancy shall have no claim to compensation for loss of the revenues of the bishopric at the close of I the present year. The diocese, which is 'one of the most extensive j in Ireland, includes the counties of Cavan, LeiMm, Koscomrnon, and Longford, with portions of several adjacent counties, and was of the annual value of &5500, with the patronage of eighty- one livings. 1 The Vatican Council. — There is but little to report from Eome, I but the feeling gathers strength that the Pope does not meet with j the compliant submission that he would wish. He finds himself I engaged in a fierce contest between that system of spiritual bondage I based on Mariolatry into which by modern development the Eoman I Church has been moulded, and the free thought which pervades the I countries of Europe, even those which are absorutist, as well as those I which enjoy constitutional government. Leading priests of the J Eoman Chiu'ch, such 'as, Dollinger and Dupanloup, see gradually 1 approaching a step which- must be irrevocable, and which commits I the Catholic Church for ever, in the face of the world, to the acceptance, I not of a new dogma of theory, but of a statement of matter of fact to j which history, century after century, gives the lie. There is no prov- I ing u priori a Pope to be infallible any more than impeccable : the I proof that mistakes in faith , and morals have been made by Popes j is too plain to be put aside, and no theory can stand against it. f If this war has sprung up within the Church, they have themselves I to thank. The language of the Latin bishops of late years has led iti the most natural way to the result before us. It has been with most of them, and with some who now are bitterly annoyed at being taken at their word, which could say the most extravagant and fulsome things of the Pope and the Eoman Church, till their strain of un measured flattery has culminated in the doctrine attributed to Mon seigneur Mermillod, that the Pope is the last incarnation of God. It is they who have made the Frankenstein which probably even some who have made it are alarmed at, and which fills soberer and wiser minds in the Latin Church with dismay which they dare scarcely reveal. The thing has grown : and the French and Germans, who, it must be said, are brave enough now, did not speak loud I enough when their words perhaps might have had more force. I The following extract from the Times correspondent notes both | 'the growing independence of the Fathers themselves, and the | vigilance and decision of ' the great Catholic Powers': — ' Wearied as | the Fathers are, their responsibility and their power every day they I feel more. The Jesuits cannot manage them altogether as they have 1 been accustomed to manage them each a thousand miles off, in the I insulation of his own see. The regulations, though reinforced by . i supplementary rules and by several monitions, have become almost I waste paper. The bishops move about in society expressing their I own opinions and referring to one another's, so that every opinion is I known. Sone one says they have been ordered not to assemble in I more than fifteens or twenties, but Eoman palaces are large, and I Eoman receptions multitudinous, and the bishops make as large I circles as they please there. The Pope's journalists are the first to I break the rales of secresy by telling as rauch as suits ?their space or their readers. The. Pope himself, seeing how things are going in the . Council, accepts the fact, and says, ' Let them, talk;' and no doubt for one Latin declamation there are some thousand conversations in the several vernaculars. What is more, the really representative men are, feeling their weight, and showing it. The Archbishop of Paris represents more Catholics than all the ' Roman Bishops' toge ther. -The opposition has been carefully computed to represent eighty millions (80,000,000), while the entire Koman Catholic Church cannot make more than 170,000,000. Under such circumstances, the bare chance of a schism is terrible. 'The Fathers are daily getting more insight into the whole situation, and they are even learning history. Then, from the other rock ahead, the pilots here have their eyes open. They see how promptly, and, as they say, how irregularly and scan dalously, the German protest was. published. at home, whereas, it is maintained here, it never was presented, and was not .allowed to be presented, to the Pope. Austria, so apt to entangle herself, cut a knot there. As to France, it is sinking deep into the mind oil Rome that the Power which occupies Civita Vecclria is the majority in the French Chamber for the time being — that majority which is itself- one of the doctrines to bo anathematised by this Council. The assembled Fathers see all that Rome sees, but not all with her fears or her in ferences. Of course Rome will never give up the game. If she is forced to send these Fathers away, it will only be for a time ; and if their presence would save her, not one would be allowed to leave her territory. They are hostages.' A Paris telegram states that the French Government has decided, in consequence of the note which Count Beust has sent to Piome on the subject of the Papal Syllabus, to invite all the Catholic Powers to collective action against the pre tensions of the Holy See. According to an analysis which has been published of Count Beust's note, the Papal Government is therein warned not to take any measures opposed to the Austrian Constitution, or calculated to lead to any encroachments on Austrian State rights, and is at the same time informed that the Government will not permit any such encroachments. ? A correspondent mentions an eloquent sermon preached at Rome in connection with the conciliar proceedings : — ' He said that the univer sality of the Church is greater now than at any other period of her history ; the number of Bishops who have come from all parts of the world to attend this Council, so many more than had been present at any previous one, proved it to be the case. Also that the Church was never so united ; there was no heresy to uproot, no schism to heal, that all the Bishops were of one mind with their head, the Pope, and among themselves. He then assured us that there never can be any new doctrine or dogma in the Church, though the Church was some times compelled through, the assaults of enemies to define her doc trine. I suppose this is the way the doctrine of Infallibility is to be dealt with. He closed his sermon by praising two Em'opean coun tries, and holding them up for our example — Ireland and France, both so faithful and devoted in the cause of the Church. The sermon lasted an hour and a quarter, but was listened to with unflagging interest by a crowded congregation. On another occasion all Rome flocked to St. Agnes, outside the walls, to witness the blessing of two lambs whose fleece is destined to make the palliums which the Pope presents to some of the Cardinals. After High Mass they were placed on cushions, on the altar, decorated with flowers and red ribbons. They had been carefully combed and dressed by nuns, and looked like balls of soft fleecy wool ; they remained perfectly still during the ceremony, which consisted of in censing, crossing, and recitation of prayers ; they were then carried out of the church and handed over to the nuns to whom the privilege of rearing them has been granted.' . The Education Bill. — The main provisions of the Bill intro duced by Mr. Forster are for dividing the country into districts, and establishing public elementary schools for the children of each, under a Board of Education, with a school-rate and compulsory attendance. As the last-mentioned feature is one that has found advocates in this colony, we may notice how this is, proposed to be effected. To ensure attendance at school, the Board is invested with power to make by laws for the following purposes : — (1.) Requiring the parents of children above the age of five years, and under the age of twelve years, to cause such children (unless there is some reasonable excuse) to attend school. (2.) Determining the time during which children are so to attend school, provided that no such by-law shall be contrary to anything contained in an Act for regu lating the education of children employed in labour. (3.) Pro viding for the remission of the whole or any part of the fees of any child where the parent satisfies the school board that he is unable, from poverty to pay the same. (4.) Imposing penalties for the breach of any by-laws. (5.) Revoking or altering any by-law previously made. Any of the following reasons is to be deemed a reasonable excuse : — (1.) That the child is under efficient instruction in some other manner. . (2.) That the child has been prevented from attending school by sickness or any unavoidable cause. (3.) That there is no public elementary school open which the child can attend within one mile, measured according to the nearest road from the residence of such child. The education question is now being strenuously discussed throughout England, the advocates of the denominational and the secular systems finding their respective camps in the Manchester Union and the Birmingham League. Painted Windows. — A prize has been offered for the best essay on the use and abuse of music in public worship, and also on the danger of introducing painted windows in churches. The judges, one of whom is the Dean of Ripon, have come to the Unanimous con clusion that, out of the fifty essays received, the prize is to be ad judged to the Rev. John Gritton, Secretary of the Lord's-day Obser vance Society. The successful essay is to be immediately published, with a general introduction by the Very Rev. Dean M'Neile. , ? The Bishop of London has lately refused to ordain two candidates for Anglican orders, because they believe in the real presence, — Weekly Megister, 