o t'_ corner. 'gONG OF TEt WIFIL In siltner, wesry std worn \- .ftb books- every one has been read Awoman sat In a womanly pout Quite tired of needle and thread. Smoke. amoke smoke, It was the plague of her life; And still with a voice that coughing broke, she sang the song of a fe. Poff, puff puff, .ly husband will smoke till he dies, And smoke, smoke, smike, ln spite of toy nose and myr eyes. When first he gets out of his b d, And before he brushes his hair, : he's sture to stick a pipe in hes mouth , . f To puff away all his care." Smoke, smoke, smoke. : Till my bra!o begins to swim, Smoke. smoke, smoke, Till my eyes grow heavy and dim; lreersebhum and clay and wood, Wood and mnsrsehecunl and clay, Pipes of all olor and every size Are puffiug my health away. SOh men with sisters dear, Oh men with mothers and wives," It's not tobaces your burnilg out, But the very breath of our lifes. For who would live setb a lot, Or who wald wish to. hare The bed ad board of si ehittn, y-pot,. Aild live in' le tainted air t? Or who would seek the blissa ' ith a emoke-jack for ever to dwell, Or the joy and delight of having a kiss With asch a tob.cooey' sntll - Sihke; smoke, smoke, ils smokilg never flgsa SAnd wh.t if it did; for the smell is left SS long as weary time wage. S My'room smells like imn old bar.;. "' . Myclothes decent bodius nust'h?dn, For the villainous odour of pipe and cigar Have really their very worst'done.. Smoke' smoke, smoke, FPlom marti till vesper chime," 'Smoke, smoke, smoke, Whaen awake he'smokes all the time In spite of all I ?an say Of healt sand sweetness pure, s e smokes away tillthe end of the day, And at night, too, he smokes a be aute. Smoke, smoke, smoke, l- ie ruins my curtains and clothes - Smoke, smuk,, smoke, T 'ill one wishes one hadn't a noses When first I open my eyes, Above tmy gl?rs I behold A St, Nicholies papersa ittifg type Of the misery that I've told.; For'tis long and arrhu and gaunt, 'Tis thin, and ghestly, andnpale, - A oery ghost, and I tremble ulmust,. And my heart beg as to qall ; For'I know that 'vthlile aitull last Th' t pipe will ever be there, And my only hope is the river or rope,. To save me from utter despair. Smokb, smoke, smoke, There are pipes whet'er I turn,. S·moke, smoke, smoke, And eroh must be used in turn.. Sr look t my my antel shell,. Where vases 've'placed with care, Bopig in vain aome praise, to gain . ' -From my friends for tneir.beauty there I: , ut alas eich htlds cigars or a pipe, . And some of thet? several more ; ..: . For I've couUntd them oft as the teas*I wipe, A . nd they number more than socore'. i" Oli, but for one sbort hour No longer to see the smoke wreathe;. No precious leisure to gather the rose,, But only time to breathe;. To breathee as I usedto breaths In my chambdr up aloft, Before I knew a husband that smoked, No matter how mubch I soafed. In silel:ce, weary and worn. With books - every one has been. readl A woman eat in a womanly pout "Qite tired of needle and threadu Smoke, smoke, snoke, . I t was the pligue of her lift; And still with. a voice that coughing, broke,. She tang the song of a wife. 