TT 115 TOWER GHOST. "Wo have heard, ways tho 1'all Mall Gazette, of a moat mysterious anil disagreeable occurrence ut thc Tower of London which is enough to set tho nerves* of tho whole nation on edge. For Bomo days, or rather nights, past tho shadow of an nxo hus appeared on ono of tho walls of tho building. The shadow mado its last appearance, unless wo aro misinformed, in 1848, but what it has been doing sinco that limo wo cannot say. There is no shyness whatever about it now ; it does not object to bo stared at, and excites tho curiosity of nil who havo thc privilege, if not tho pleasure, of inspecting it. A cor- respondent of tho snnio paper, who signs " P." hus sinco written tho following letter : I am glad to perceivo that tho Tower of London, respectable old edifico as it is, still keeps itB ghost, as all vcncrablo buildings should do. Von nro perhaps not aware that ono of tho best authenticated ghost stories of this century belongs to that fortress, and I make no excuse for tolling it to you at this season, asa Christmas ghost story is traditionally allowable. Mr. 'Edmund Lenthal Swiftc, who is still living, was in 1817 keeper of tho Crown jewels in tho Tower of London. Ho lived in the jewel house, and on a certain Saturday night in Octobor, 1817, was in his sitting-room. Tho door WON closed, tho window« shut, and heavy curtains excluded tho nir. It was about midnight, Two candles were on tho table. Thc rest I givo in his own published words: " I sat nt tho foot of the table, my son on my right band, his mother fronting tho chimney-piece, and her sister on tho opposite side. I had offered a glass oí wino nnd water to my wife, when, on putting it to her [ lips, she paused and exclaimed, 'Good God, what I'B that ?' 1 looked up, and saw a cylindrical figure Uko a . glass tube, seemingly about tho thickness of my arin, i nnd hovering between tho ceiling and tho table. Its contents nppcarod to bo a dense fluid, whito and pnlo " azure, like to tho gathering of a summer cloud, and incessantly rolling nnd mingling within tho cylinder. This lasted nbout two v imites, when it began slowly I to move before my Bister-in-law, then following the , oblong shnpo of tho tablo beforo my son and myself ; . passing behind my wife it panted for n , moment over her right shoulder (observo there ' wns no minor opposite to her in which she could I then lohold it). Instantly she crouched down, and, ; with both hands covering ber shoulder, sho shrieked : out, ' Oh, Christ ! It has siezed me.' Even now, whilo writing, I feel tho fresh horror of that moment. I caught up my chair, struck at thc wainscot behind lier, rushed upstairs to tho other children's room and told tho terrified nurse what I had seen. Neither my Bister-in-law nor my son beheld this ap- pearance. ... I am bound to add that shortly beforo this strongo event some young Indy residents in tho Tower hud bcon, I know not wheroforo, suspected of making phnnta» lungorical experiments at their win- dows, which, bo it observed, had no command what- ever on any windows in my dwelling. An additional sentry was accordingly posted so ns to overlook any such attempt. Happening, however, us lt might, fol- lowing hard at heel tho visitation of my household, ono of tho night sentries nt tho jewel ollico was, as ho said, alarmed by a figure liko a huge hear issuing from underneath tho door. Ho thrust at it with his bayonet, which stuck in tho door, oven ns my chair dinted tho wainscot. He dropxied in a fit and was camed senseless to tho gunrd-rooui. His fellow sentry declared that tho man was neither asleep nor drunk, ho himself huving seen him tho moment before awake and sober. Of all this I avouch nothing moro than that I saw tho poor man in tho guardhouse prostrate with ten or, and that in two or three days tho fatal result, be it of fact or fancy, was that ho died." To this it is only necessary to add that tho boy was (¡even years old. Ho did not seo tho ghost. Tho Bistcr-in-lnw likewiso did not see it, and attributed it to tho joint hallucination of her sister and brother-in-law. Tho soldier died,ns stated, whethornfter trial by court martial, as recorded by Ur. Gregory in his " Letters on Animal Magnetism," or not, I do not know. Ur. Gregory received bis account from Sir David Brewster, and it is incorrect in many particulars, or rather it differs from Mr. fSwiftc's, which was thc result of per- sonal experience. Thu l'ait Mall Gazette, of a subsequent dato, accounts for tho mystery of the nxo. A correspondent of that journal says:-"Thero is, it scorns, in ono of the towers of thnt fortress a peculiar old loophole, some- what resembling in shape tho capital letter T with tho arms shortened; this loophole is in thc wall of a closet, outside which there is another wall. "When tho outer wall is in shadow, and tho gns lighted in tho closet, a light ia throwu on to tho outer wall through tho loop- hole, which from its peculiar simpo makes tho thrown 