KNIG.H T 8 -0 F M A L T A— T M E I 11 ORIGIN, &c.; ' (To the Editor of the Protestant Standard, j Sin,— I have often been asked the followin" questions by members of the Orange Institution0- What and who are the Knights of Malta ? and,' the 'difference between the Irish and .Scotch Preceptories at present working here ? : Before commencing I would wish to let vou know tmit- I am a member of the Irish Black Knights, and am m duty hound, as a moniber of tho Orange Institution to resist anything that is not genuine to tho system of both Orum/MRni . . , . l Protestantism. In writing this I do not seek to enter into an argument of any kind whatever but.to point. out, .without favour or affection to my Orange brethren, -'the difference betAvceu the two preceptorier. It is a well-known fact that Ireland is the birth-place of Orangoism. .It is there it lirst took root. It is the acknowledged head of all lodges. When I thus refoto Orangoism, I also refer to the higher order of preceptories. 1 hese have their origin also froiri Ireland, and the. members of the. Irish Black Chapter acknowledge 110 other but it It remains in its pnrity to this day. If does not seek for anything foreign, hut strenuously resists it m every way,/ especially anything of Popish origin. The : Irish: Black: Chapter nuinners iiuuclreus of prcueptorio.s throughout the world. Its right .worshipful Master ; is. one of." whom every - Orangeman-should be proud, ' who' Jhvs devoted both Ins time and freedom for the wel fare of: the , Institution at large - (William Johnston, Esq., M.P.) - , SlilMC yoars ago the B-18'1 Blaek Chapter fell into badliaiids (as the best of Societies will do) a warrant was brought over to Scotland by some 'member of the ire- ceptory who, had thrown , iff his allegiance to the ixiaiul Black Chapter, of Irclaiul, who; with others, having formed a prccoptor\' styled it under the bcottish Constitution. This in itself : would not ho much" liana if they had acted up to what. they learned from the Irish prccoptory ; : but to put a greater gap between us, .they added another order wliich is antagonistic both to' Orangoism arid Protestantism, to the eleven1 dcgroea which they still retain from the Irish i preaeptory,: namely the Knights of Malta. Now) if they are as they snv, "Knights of Malta,": I ,why not take the various degrees belonging to I that older ? 1 wonder they have not adde.i the: | Knights of the Holy Ghost to make it more com-j I pletc. History tells us that those Knights of Alalta (simietiiiies c.,i!l ;d Knighta of St. Job' ) were fomidel a', Jornoal.vii between the until and eleventh con lyrics. They took pari in r-'e varum-. vampaigiw .in the Holy Land ..with -. he C. usad-ars, , ami defend.c 1 tho island- of. M.d a against - tlie Tiirkioh'. Empire, from which they derive their name. Tliey also hecama posacsse t of land in various parts rf Europe, as we", as in the Holy Land. Tho dress .assumed by .those Knights was black with a white cross having eight points or arms' on the left breast. This cross is the' saute as the present institution, styling themselves " Knights of .Malta," in Sydney wear. The Institution was remodelled in the your 10!)!), under tho sanction of Pope Paschal II. Tliey bound themselves under various vows, Ac., to light against all those that forsook the true religion, which then, for the want of- better, was supposed to he Popery. Tliey. were also exempted from paying tithes, &c.; "Tf this was a Popish country the Sydney Knights might be exempted too ; but thank God it is not, and 1 trust it never will be. -Those Knight of Malta are now almost- extinct, except ing a few in the Papal States who form a religious order under the Pope- It is only a few years ago since the present Pope of Home conferred the title of "Knight of Malta" on a gentleman at homo. It seems to ine that they are something like the Ritualists. They are not satisfied with what is plain and genuine, hut thoy'must go and have something grand as it, were. In conclusion I would say that the present prccoptory under the Knights of Malta is illegal, and contrary to their own rules, which says that no prccoptory can be opened under seven Black Knights ; this one was started by one. I will leave the reader to form an opinion which is right or wrong. ;I am, Sir, . Yours trulv. G.H.S. Sydney, 1st July, 1S70. 