TO WHAT FRANCE OWES HER DOWNFALL. It is singular that the principle -which Louis Napo leon invoked to secure his elevation to the throne of France, should have in the end ruined him. It was upon corruption that ho relied to accomplish his ambition, and corruption has eaten him up. Tho truth is told by his vast army on paper, easy onough to marshal in bureauB but very ineffective against an actual foe ; chassepots by the million, duly noted and registered, receipted and paid for, but never delivered ; mountains of fixed ammunition, properly rolled and made up, but composed for the most part of non-explosive sand, answering all the require ments of weight but nothing else ; imperfect fuses, lighting readily, but going out before results could bo reached, and shells constructed so as to explode harmlessly in tho air and not in the enemy's linos. No such huge, fostering mass of corruption and rascality has evor been revealed to the world as that of tbe lato French Empire. It fairly reeks t o Heaven. The talk of another coup d'etat is not by any moans as wild as it would Beem at tho first glance. The large army of plunderers who had such a good timo undor tho Empire, forging vouchers for chas sepots in largo numbers and pocketing tho proceeds -appropriating the 2000 francs demanded from each person conscripted, who did not wish to serve drawing rations and pay for a largo and profitable army on paper represented by mere numerals, created at a dash of the pen, but as expensive to the national treasury as real live soldiers with backs to clothe and stomachs to fill-these blood-suckers and vampires, tho legitimate spawn of a Government founded on corruption, will not givo up so long aa thoro is oven a ghost of a show to bring back their wooden Ciosar and sot him on high, to be worship ped by all men, whilo thoy devote all their energies to tho cleaning out of whatovor ia now loft of man hood, honour, and vitality in tho French nation. The restoration, or attempted restoration of Louis Napoleon, is not onlv a nossibilitv. buta nrobabilitv. -News of tho World. 