COUNT DE G. LIANCOUET'S NAUTILUS BELT. Amongst all the various contrivances for supporting the human body in the water, either for the early practice «f swimming or for the salvation of life in shipwreck, nothing hitherto could be regarded as entirely satisfactory, Taking the two primitive adjuncts of corks and bladders, we may still group all the various forms of apparatus under the same two heads, and in all the familiar examples we have still in more or less degree the same objection in their use. Cork in any form is bulky and inconvenient; mere bladders, whether of natural skin, of mackintosh, or canvas, are liable to lose their buoyancy by the smallest perforations in consequence of the pressure ot water then causing collapse. Both are more or less liable to ge shifted in their position, and to cause daugerou 4 accidents ; and if fastened on Sy straps or belts may by their breakage become completely adrift. We have been exceedingly interested in a new form of life-preserving belt invented by the Count de G. Liaccourt, a French gentleman who haB long and actively promoted various matters in connection with the preservation of life froa shipwreck and drowning ; and we can, from the experiments we have witnessed, testify to its great simplicity and value. It consists of an India-rubber cloth or canvas cylinder distended by metal coils, so that although the material is freely punctured such is its elasticity of BUb» stance, and such the absence of any disposition to ^collapse, that its reliability for support is undoubted. The belt, as manufactured at this time by Mr Maw, of Alderacate, consists of two sets of tinned wire spirals of from 20 to 40 coils, strongly soldered together, each about 2J inches in diameter ; and these are compressible within a length of six inches, so that the whole packed up would occupy less space than one-eightb of a cubic foot. The belt, therefore, can be carried by passengers in their ordinary baggage, or even about the person in any period of danger. The coils_ are inserted in a bag made of double cambric tissue, with two layers of Para rubber disposed in such a way that the under one iB preserved perfect both from mechanical damage and from the action of solvent. The inner tissue is also doubly coated with the rubber, and both are of the strongest fabric, so that tearing iB effectively provided against. This bag or casing is fixed at both ends into a groove on the circumference of an oval wood disc, and is there tied round with a fine strong cord, and further secured by a stout rubber band. For use the belt is merely put out to the extent of surrounding the body, and passed round the chest, and under the arms is fastened iu front by a couple of metal loops. The air gets admission through a hole iu one of the discB, which hole is corked up when the belt is sufficiently inflated. The belt may also be secured by a cord and frog passed through one of the metal loops. The supporting power of the belt is at least fifteen to sixteen pounds, and when floating by it in fresh water it is not practicable to force the body under water at any effort. Its buoyancy would of course be much greater in the sea, and one of its greatest advantages is that it cannot be otherwise than close-fitting to the body. When punctured by numerous pin-holes there is not the slightest disposition for the escape of air, the tissue closing up as fast as the punctures are made; and in case the wood discs might be split provision is made to keep the cylinderintact by the gluing of a piece of the rubbing tissue over the inside of the discs. At a private trial et which Mr Eastwick, M.P.,the African traveller, and late charge d? affaires in the Persian Court, and other gentlemen were present, its action was so distinctly good that wee in but consider some early opportonity should be taken of makingjits advantages publicly evident, as we can but regard it as^ the most promising and valuable article of its class that has been devised, and in the hands of such excellent manufacturers perfection ol material and workmanship can be unhesitatingly relied upon. DEATH OF THE CRACOW NOW."—Barbara Ubryk the nun ol the Carmelite convent at Cracow, whose case created such a sensation last summer, died on the 24th ult. in the hospital of the Holy Ghost in the above city. She was buried privately, in order ? ? 