UMlaiaa Cinui WALLAROO: WEDNESDAY, JAN. 19. WHEN an intimation was first made pub lip that the Government having heard a rumor, or a whisper, or some equally re liable description of report-probably from a director of a rival bank-that the London Manager of the Bank of South Australia was the writer of a letter in the Times signed A Colonial Banker, had determined to rescind the contract entered into with the bank for conduct ing the financial business of the colony in London, because Mr PUEDY declined to disavow the authorship of the afore sai4 letter when called upon by the TREASURES to indignantly do so, we did not hesitate to openly describe the trans action as a very dirty piece of business on the part of the Cabinet. It is wholly unnecessary to say that the WALLABOO TIMES was the only newspaper in the colony having sufficient public spirit to do this, nor should we recall the fact but that we wish to point out we are, and have been, consistent throughout. At that time we had merely the letter of the Colonial Banker, Mr HUGHES' letter to Mr PUEDY and Mr PUBDT'S reply to judge from, and these were quite suffi cient to enable any person to correctly estimate the complexion of the case. The arrogant unreasonableness of Mr HUGHES' insulting demand was patent. No gentleman, no man with an ounce of Belf-respect, could have complied with it. Because Mr PUEDY acted in the only way open to an honorable man, the Cabinet acted,-we will not say in a fashion pre cisely the reverse,-it took its own course. These were the facts, in all their naked ugliness, we had to judge from. Mow, in due time, these naked ugly facts have been appropriately clothed. Their accessories haye been supplied to them. By what was either a refinemeut of malignity, or an accident that should compel the TBEA SURER to put on a more lugubrious look than usual, the correspondence relating to the contract between tbe Government and the Bank of South Australia being annulled, has been published with that *fhich relates to the Northern Territory business, thus combining materials, that if eyer our history should be written, will form a chapter from which a very pretty mora! may be drawn. It was well that the correspondence leading to the severance of the connexion between the Government and its London bankers, and that which related to the Northern Territory business should be bound up together, for, although the two matters are essentially distinct, as Mr DUTTON was concerned \vith both, and as the banker's letter was on the Northern Territory policy of the Government, there is a point at which the two other wise separate affairs touch, if they do not intertwine. As far a? it is possible to judge from the correspondence, at the time the TBEASUBEB-whose conduct throughout has the merit of consistency, how much soever that may be,-accepted office, the relations between Messrs DUTTON and PuitnY seem to have been cordial, Mr DUTTON having been able to inform his superiors at the Treasury of satisfactory arrangements concluded with the Bank. But Mr Drxxox had not en- i dorsed tlie ^Northern Territory policy of the Government; lie had even had the hardihood to protest against it. For this he was admonished by Mr Hughes, who. " regretted to find that he entertained views so decidedly at variance with those. of the Government, " and trusted that he had been " careful not to give any ex pression in England to such sentiments, as such a course must naturally tend to interfere with the action of the Govern ment, of which you are accredited agent, and of whose views you must have been aware." And, again, " I trust that your own. confidence, which appears to have slightly given way under the pressure of illness, aggravated, probably, by the momentary embarrassments of your posi tion, will have been restored. You, as Agent-General, should above all rest firmly assured of the good faith and inte grity of the Government of the Pro vince." After this rap on the knuckles Mr Dutton appears to have been careful j not to appe?r to place himself in opposi- ' tion to the views held at head- quarters. If he had any convictions he appears to have swallowed them, and adopted the more correct form of belief. In fact, he did more. He condemned the action taken by the Northern Territory people, he professed to be savage with the Times newspaper, and it was his proposition to prosecute the chairman of the Northern Territory Company. At this point it is proper to introduce Mr HUGHES more distinctly upon the scene. The AGENT Generai, had instructions to negotiate a loan, and not thinking the time expe dient," lie applied to the bank for the terms that would be charged for an over draft of £200,000, and the conditions. Mr PURDY replied, naming terms, aiid stating that Government bonds to the amount overdrawn would be necessary as security. Mr DpTXOJf considered the arrangement very satisfactory, closed with it, and informed his superior. Here again he received a rap on the knuckles. The TREASURER did not approve of the terms, and suggested either an application to the Bank of England for a loan, or the negotiation of one in the open market at once. Again, the A GENT-Gejteral took his cue. The Bank had agreed in 1865 to conduct the financial business of the Government in London and also " ifs through any unforeseen event, remittances should fail to arrive at hand in time to. meet payments for interest of debt falling, due, to advance the moneys requisite FOR such purposes until sufficient time elapsed for communication with the Colony, and at a rate of interest not to exceed 1 per cent, more than the Bank of England rate of the day." The TREASURER pro fessed to believe that by this agreement the bank was bound not only to pay interest upon the debt when under un foreseen circumstances it did not arrive, but also to find the principal when re quired ; and Mr DUTTOK, devout follower, seems to have accepted the fashionable creed, after admitting that the terms asked by the bank for the loan were fair and reasonable, and after admitting, by virtue of his request for the terms of the loan, that the transaction was not an ordinary one. From this it will bp seen that Mr HUGHES, immediately after his acceptance of office commenced an agita tion against the bank. Then came the letter of the colonial banker. A copy of this Mr HUGHES forwarded to Mr Dutton requesting him to receive and forward. I Mr Pitem's indignant disclaimer of its authorship. Mr PURDY declined to com mence a process that he correctly stated might be " exhaustive " and thus," unfair not only to himself, but also to others to whom it might be applied thus bv im plication denying the authorship of the letter. And he did not endorse the opinions expressed by the colonial banker, but he stated what Mr HUGHES must haye known, that those " opinions were widely entertained in many circles." Then Mr HUGHES cancelled the contract between the bank and the Government, alleging that " it was utterly impossible to confide the interest of the country to an institution presided over by an indivi dual," who, " if not actually the writer of a letter imputiug dishonesty to the Government of South Australia, at least looked on without making the slightest effort in its defence.'" From this it almost follows that Mr HUGHES when calling for tenders for the management of the financial business of the province in London, should have made it a condi tion that the tenderer^ should have confi dence in the honesty of the various mem bers of the various Cabinets which might chance to be in office during the period of the proposed contract. If he were to call for tenders in London on such terms he would find that rhe number of appli cations he would receive in reply would be very limited. The HUGHES cum DUTTOX correspon dence had resulted in a very pretty quarrel between Mr DUTTON and his banker, erst so accommodating, but who, it is only reasonable to suppose, did not care to put himself much out of the way to oblige the Government whose honesty .was required to be a primary article of belief. It would appear that in January 486S Mr DCTTOX and Mr PTTRDY did not agree as to some terms the bank required for undertaking the financing of a loan, but this was condoned, it is fair to pre sume, when the arrangements for the £200.000 overdraft were concluded, and other matters of business had satisfac torily progressed. As a sequel to the ac count of the action taken by the TREA SURER, who, it is important to recollect is the director of a bank which acquired the London account of the Government in a manner about which there had to be a " communicate with Hill" incident, it is proper to direct attention to a letter written by the colonial Inspec tor of the Bank of South Australia to the ^TREASURER on October 5, 1869. Mr SMITH drew Mr HUGHES' attention to the remarks made by him in Parliament on October 1, as follows:-" On looking into the matter to find why the AGEKT (TF.XET) AT. submitted to such a loss, he found he could not help himself. There were drafts drawn on him to the extent of £180,000, and he had also to provide in England for the payments of large in dents for railway materials, &c.; On the 30th September, the Agfkt-Gejtebal v*as in debt to bis banker to tbe amount of £25,342, and he was obliged to deposit one-half of tbe bonds with the bank as security. The banker took advantage of the AGENT-GEKEBAX'S need, and said. ' We shan't advance you money without you pay us a commission." The present Government took office on 3rd .Novem ber, and seeing the. AGENT Gekeeal was in a corner, he wrote to that gentleman by the mail which left on the 10th Nov., and suggested that he had better apply to the Bank of Adelaide (England?). The Agent-General was overcome ; he took to his bed exceedingly ill; and the £400,000's worth of bonds were sold, and the country lost the money." * * * This, it will be noticed, was spoken after the Treasurer had received word from the AGEXT-GEXEEAI, that he had been able ! to obtain a.u overdraft to the amount of j £200,000 on fair and reasonable terms; j and after the letter had been written by j Mr HUGHES recommending the AGEXT Gexebal to at once float a loan as the money market was easy. The Teeasubeb thought it quite consistent, with his posi tion to say that the Bank demanded bonds for £200,000 to cover an over draft of £25,34*2, or, security for nearly ten times the amount of the accomodation. The GALBBAITH business, tbe Bank busi ness, and the Postal Tender business are excellently matched. "We believe they would be unparalelled in the history of any other Government. And the more prosaic conduct of the two poor, foolish, incompetent Commissioners, shines like a brilliant of the very first water in com parison. | THE first instalment of the Electoral ' Act went into Committee on Thursday, and the fate that sooner or later has at tended npon most of the measures originated by the Stbastgways Cabinet was not absent in the divisions that took place. This Electoral Bill No. 2, as it is called, is a very short one, consisting of merely five small clauses, two only being of consequence, one of which was struck out aud the pther emasculated. Clause 2 provided that the House, for the present, should consist of forty members instead of thirty-six. This was the clause that was rejected. Clause 3 pro vided for twenty districts, and upon it an amendment was moved and carried that there should be but eighteen. Clause 4 provided polling places as per schedule for the districts; and Clause 5 in contradiction the 2nd Clause, which expressly stipulated for the present, pro vided that the Act should not come into force until after a dissolution had taken place. The two additional districts pro posed by the Attobney-GENEBAL were that of Wallaroo, comprising the whole of Yorke's Peninsula south of the Broughton? and west of County Stanley; and that of Albert, contiguous, as by virtue of its name it should be, to the district of Victoria. By Clause 2 being struck out, and Clause 3 amended, a3 we have stated, the Bill, after coming out of Committee could not be said to either sdter or amend tbe present arrange- j ment. But a strong opinion was expressed by every member of the House who spoke, except Mr PEARCE-who surely must be one of the most ignorant of men-that, although the number of dis tricts should not be increased, under any circumstances it was only right that the district of Wallaroo should be formed. As the case stands the ATTOBXEY Gekebal and the Government are not bound by any vote of the House so to alter the schedules attached to the bill as to create this new district, but there appears to be little doubt such will be the case. Mr S?BAXGWATS stated that the striking out of the one Clause and the emasculation of the other rendered an alteration of the schedules he had been prepared to propose imperative, and con sequently it would be useless the House then considering them. Whilst making this statement the hon. member took occasion to corroberate a remark that lias more than once been called forth in this journal as to the uselessness of most Select Oommittees; and also remarked that when consolidating " he would be quite sure, whatever he proposed, to have alluded to the wrong district." Some hon. members had proposed that the schedules should be referred to a Select Committee to report upon. After considering the matter Mr STBJUVGWAYS said-He was rather disposed to think that if the Bill was referred to a Select Committee they would never get it out again, and there fore, perhaps, the simplest way would be for the Returning Officer to prepare a fresh schedule to be laid on the table of the House." When the schedule rer appears in the House, we, on the Penin sula, shall see whether we shall be liable to be swamped by Port Adelaide in the representation, as we undoubtedly have been in all the Legislation that has yet taken place. Although this debate came to such a lame and impotent conclusion-one that was, it must be admitted but a pris alter -unless we mistake the debate was oue of the most important that has jet taken place not only in the Australian Legisla ture but everywhere else that the un brideld democracy now in vogue has degenerated into othocracy. A distinct expression of opinion was given by nearly every speaker that our present system of Government is a failure. Indeed, to judge from the unanimity that seemed to prevail on this point, and the numerous, witnesses who testified to it, apparently a resolution might have been carried without difficulty affirming that an alteration was imperatively needed not alone in the letter but in the spirit of the Constitution Act. It matters not that the variety of opinions expressed as to the form this alteration should assume was very great; what wc are concerned with is, the acknowledg ment of the disease. The remedies pre scribed were mostly crude, sometimes j impossible, and not often to the point; but the existence of the disorder was admitted. He would be a - strangely sanguine man who would expect that members of the South Australian Legis lature should satisfactorily settle off hand one of the most difficult and impor tant problems exiant-one that philoso; phersand statesmen in many countries cannot see their way out of clearly. All they could say definite was that nothing could be much worse than the working of the present Constitution. There were several speakers who; openly ex pressed their preference for a return to the old nominee system. Mr Reynolds spoke in favor of an abolition of the double Chamber, to which the Attobkey GENEBAI. replied, that although, in law, it might be asy to draft a Bill abolishing the Upper House, in fiact, the members of the Upper Chamber would very likely throw out any Bill that would abrogate their Legislative functions. Some hon. membere were in favor of increasing the number of the Electoral Districts so that there might be double the present num ber of members in the ]louse, and others very strongly and very pertinently objected that this would but increase the present amount of idle verbiage, and that half-a-dozen or a dozen members might execute the business of the country very much more satisfactorily thau it is now executed. Mr Dan. EISHEB was, as usual, outspoken, and, not as usual, very much to the poiut. He said " if he had any influence with the Government he would give all the support he could to go back to the old nominee system rather than have this tinpot trumpery which they called responsible Government." Mr BEIGHT proposed to do away with J plumpers-a proposition that found no. favor with many hon. members, they candidly confessing that to force con scientious electors to vote for Borne gentleman found in the House would be little short of crime. After this a pro position to unseat contractors was nega tived, the ATTOKNEY-GENEEAI pointing out, that to tack it on to another clause would but create confusion, and promising to bring in a measure effecting the pur pose-not forgetting to. reipind Mr BEIGHT, as a week ago we suggested he should, that any such measure must apply to Central Road Board contracts equally with Groveniment contracts. And so the great constitutional debate concluded. When it is remembered that Mr GLYDE, and one. section of the House, are strongly in favor of what is called the representation of minorities, and that the Bubject has been brought before the House this session, it must be admitted that some slight progress is being made in this misgoverned country towards a more hopeful state of things. It will be seen by an advertisement that the Bishop of Adelaide will hold a confirmation on Sunday, at Moonta, after which he will preach at Kadina in the afternoon and Wallaroo in the even ing- 4 Ik the House of Assembly on Thursday last, the Commissioner of Crown Lands intimated that Mr Goyder had reported against the granting of bonuses to the members of the Survey Staff.' An understanding existed that £2000 was to be disbureed amongst the party, but Mr Goyder states that arrangements were entered into which set this aside. Mr Goyder probably refers to the argument entered into by himself apportioning to each man his day's work, and providing for payment of all done in excess. WE notice an advertisement in the Ueffister from the Secretary to the Society of ITnenda of" Foreigners in Distress, Calcutta, cauUomngjjril. persons engaged to come to India, particularly grooms in charge of horses, tq stipulate for thew^ return passages, as there isno probabilityoftheir; obtaining employment in India. - * - A ntjmbeb of vendors of vegetables, &i.;, were fined in small sums at the Adelaide Police Court, on Friday, for discharging vegetables, from their carts on the foot pavement running parallel with the Eastern Market. The officers of the Adelaide Corporation were the prosecutors. It wouldjap pear that the Eastern Market is a pri vateepecula tion, and the Corporation wishes to drive the whole of the business to the Central Market, which is on Corporation property. It is rumoured that the matter will not be allowed to'rest Where it does, and that the Legislature will be appealed to on the subject. The Melbourne Argus: recently reported die " case of a member of Parliament, who on a division, too drunk to walk across the floor of the House and rote with his friends of the Opposition voted with the Government. :Theo&er;<day Dan. Fisher, in the South Australian House of As sembly, informed hon. members' thathefshould always support the Government even when he thought them wrong." This; statement lie ; explained away as a slip of the'tongue, " to i which they were all liable." Then,' says Vtlie' &egis;$er% continued Mr Fisher " Bless mj heart alive," " bon. members seem to dispute my-own feelings, (A laugh.) How do they know -my mind ?" Which was the morecreditable member of the two, the Victorian M.L.A. o*.t^. South' Australian M.P. ? Which added theroorelustre to the institution of which he was so bright an ornament ? j' THE House of Assembly resolvedon Friday, by a majorityof eight, to throw out Mr Reynolds't sop to some of the most ignorantj^oters in East Adelaide, whereby it was proposedtohgirqw a large sum of money for the pjirposeof paying the Corporation overdraft, some current expenses, and also find the Councillors funds with which to recornence the game of reckless senseless exttavag ance their predecessors seem to have been indulg ing in during the past several years. It necessary :to say that the bulk of the cit]r^u\\- . beia voted for ^thie.$p,-^^ the. country members, with the exception a& imght have been anticipated of Mr Bright, voted ag&inst; it. And there can be little doubt that tbe$e c^ty,t members would, if any other Cprj^^tion in the eoloh^Nhad proposed: an equally wild scheme, (have rated as did the oountty members* on'thiaf ^ occasion. It is tothe,prpditof the Government that the scheme met wijfli.no encouragement from the Treasury benches-a change forthe'l&tter; that must considerably astonish some ofthe Ade laide loafers, who have beenacewetomedtoregard the prodigal expenditureof money aDSter a nseless fashionas a privilege or a right tobe cheerfully conceded by the remainder of .the colony when the Metropolis is concerned. TJje. facts of die case would appear to be that: the. borrowing, powers of the Corporation were fixedby Act of* Parliament, and the limit being now obtained, the Councillors would like to> exceed it, Of course they would. They, composing Parliament the. less, would like to copy the example ofParliament the greater, in North Terrace. Both hare been engaged in the same game of mad, reckless extravagance, both find it is neoessaiy to pall up, and both find the process disagreeable, .Heading the debate we arrived at the conclusion that Mr. Hay muBt be one of the most confiding and simple of men. The hon. member was sure "if any one hinted at repudiation, in, case of legal proceedings, he would be hooted out of the city,*' Would hep We are of opinion the man who. should honestly propose to pay the debt would be in infinitely greater danger. We'll guarantee, that if, at a public meeting, in the Town Hall,tho Mayor of Adelaide were to propose, an. extra, shilling rate for the purpose of disehaiging the liability, even his cloak of office would scarcely, without the assistance of the police, be sufficient to protect him from being either hustled, bonneted, tarred and feathered, ducked in a horse-pond, or possibly, tornin-pieces. » - , *? We tale the following firom the Advertiser: " The ordinary general half-yearly meeting of the shareholders in the Wheal Hughes Mining Com (Limited), was held at White's Booms, on Monday afternoon. Dr. Phillips was in the chair. The.. Directors' report was read to the 'effect that although the prospects of the mine had been very discouraging for some time past there appeared , to be now a hope of improvement. It was adopted^ after a paragraph recommending a call of 2s per share had been struck out. From the report showing the. work done during the last six months we extract the following:-" The 24-level south has been driven 8 fathoms from the shaft. The lode throughout the driving of the end will aver-, age about 4 feet wide, consisting of quarts, fel spar, shol, and mundic, with occasional pockets, of rich yellow and purplo copper ore. A rise has also been put up a few feet in the back of this, level, from which some good ore has been ob tained j but, notwithstanding these favorable indi i cations, it has been deemed prudent to suspend the workings, and drive at a shallower level, where better progress can be made, and, in the event of* a good lode being discovered, to resume driving the 24-end, A drive has been commenced at the 14-fathom level south. The lode at this point is 8. feet 6 iuches wide, composed of felspar, quartz, shall, mundic, and a little black and grey ore. A very promising lode, and in all probability a good deposit of ore will be found between this end and the Wheal James boundary line, which is about ?0 distant. Andrews's Shalt on Phillips's lode-This shaft has been sunjk 9 fathoms 3 feet below the 20-fathom level, with the view of prov ing the lode at a greater depth; and a drive is now being pat in the hanging wall of the shaft to intersect the 'main part of the lode, which was discovered in -a cross cut about 2 fins. 3 feet west of the shaft afcthe 30-fta. leveL The lode at this point is from 15 to 18 in. wide, composed of fel spar, tBtmdic, tnica, and a little rich yellow copper ©re: IUch blade, grey, and yellow ores, including TnaltaAlft copper, have been produced from this lode for upwards of 100 fathoms in length ; and when these facte.ve taken into consideration, we <cannot bat arrive at the conclusion that a payable lode will be found in depth." The remaining ^paragraphs stated in what manner operations had frflgfr conducted in various shaft* and drives. It was thought that the Moonta lode ran directly through Wheal Hughes sections. The jtwlanoe-sheet was received, -read, and adopted, ^.considerable discussion toot place on the follow- j ing pwpositicn. which was eventually carried in theannexed form :-" That it is the opinion of, *h'«ro<*4'nc that the Directors should take imme-! .diateetcps to carry out the proposition made to theCompany this day by Mr Keales in respect of j the Issue of 1,000 new shares in payment for the j .claim No. 2,928, and make the necessary addition to die deed by such issue of shares, subject to being confirmed by » special meeting, to be called by the Directors in fourteen days." A sad accident happened at the shaft of the ; 3T«aina. Mining (Company, early on Tuesday morning, .by which, a miner named Bichard Bowden Johns lost his life. Tt appears that .deceased was commencing a drive, the shaft being sunk to the depth contracted for, when about two o'clock .on the morning .of the 18th, a board that had been used in timbering up the shaft, fell .tG the bottom, * depth ofnearly thirty fathoms» striking ft'"* on the head and fearfully fracturing the fkull, and -exposing the brain. The poor ^mai^wbo was but about 27 years of age, and had^een married: only about. eight months, lingered about twelve minutes and then expired. Directly the accident happened Dr Bobinson was jeent for, who immediately on arriving, despended but, all assistance rendered was un availing. inquest will be held this day. %rm* Town correspondent of the Kapunda Herald writesThe Treasurer is said to have 'jdjBcbvered'hiB Ministerial forte since he took Mines into his confidence. I am thankful for him and posterity thathe has at last discovered a forte of j «ome He would have . gone down to pos terity as a sphinx but for these oyster suppers. The molluscs have completely effaced his previ ous reputation/or making s little wisdom go the longest way of any man who ever entered the Assembly. With just about the same allowance jof brains, Dsn pfclwr is a fool; while Mr Hughes, through better husbbnding of his one talent, passes among some people as a philosopher. XoQ'an aw|we that in the curtailment of the eal Property Office staff the senior solicitor B»rJey) was selected for <he scapegoat of j ieretrenohere. Thej jiad iully and unanimously . [ that the lot would fall upon Gawler} 5 &rduoU8;«ervices" during tlflT-jMtit jen years "iMyre&ttenedhim; beyond the possibility .of -work' jug with any comfort to himself or advantage to tiie public. Had Mr Strang ways cutin that direc- j jSon he would fewe proved beyond <p.vil his thorough conscientiousness and courage as an .economist. By hitti< g at the quarter where the real work of the office' is done he has displayed jcaprice, recklessness, and bias. He has absolutely staggered the public by his choice, for he can say nothing as to its merits g nor can the public un ' jagine for themselves any other motive. He is not known to have any leaning toward Gawler pri vately, nor to Jiave any antipathy to Hartley. He has incurred the reproach of unfairness, with out the compensating advantage of having gratifi ed a personal feeling- He would have been par doned » downright piece of arbitrariness had it appeared to give himself any pleasure, but the choice appears to have been as indifferent to him aa to the country-then why did he choose -wrong? The only people who pretend to know his dodge regard this as a cynical step toward * complete riddance;5. Gawler's staff and comfort faring been withdraw!}, he may soon be sprawl ing among homeless arrears. Yoi populi denoun /ces him; and presto 5 the second act of this drama presents itaelC The Sydney correspondent of the Argus . writesSome time ago tenders were called for and accepted for construction in Sydney of loeo motive engities for our railways, but nothing has been done at present towards carrying out the contract. The engines designed by Mr Thomas for the rn"""Wn line were tauk engineB, but Mr Whitbon, Jive ch\ef engineer, who was at logger with Mr Thomas, condemned these engines as unsuitable, and told the Ministers that if they -gwere made he should simply put them to a sid * jng.;- Thfi Order for them. .was temporarily sus pended, and Mr Bichard Lloyd was requested to reporton the subject. Mr Lloyd has been for 20 years connected with the great engineering firm of ErneBt Gouin^nd Co, of Paris, and has great I jexperieuce in locomotives designed for use on the /continental mountain lines. His report is to the effect that neither the engines now in use, which were imported from England under the superiu ..tendance of Mr Fowler, nor the tauk fwgines designed by Mr Thomas, are the most suitable for . our western line, hut he condemns the latter more ?emphatically than the former. He gives four designs, according as the traffic may require loads of from 80 to ISO tons per trip to be carried. ' What decision will be arrived at, and whether the engines will after all, be made iu the colony, is at present uncertain. Thb same writer a^ys:-"The Statistical Re gisterof this colouy, recently published, has drawn public attention to the rapid development of our jBUgar- growiug industry. The crop last year was valued at £50,000, and it is only five years since ifche cultivation may be said to have commenced. \- Many Sydney gentlemen have lately visited the northern rivers for the purpose of satisfying them eelvfBS as to the probable future of those districts, And they all return strongly impressed with the fact that a great industry has successfully taken root. Our present tariff if, of course, a slight , protection to the sugar grower, but the profits arc i large enough to dispense with any protection, 'Hie -effect oil the revenue, however, will be very mark ed if ihe 3jru.*aJ product ion of sugar increases in the now expected ratio. One advantage of the sugar industry is that it requires a good deal of machinery, and therefore gives employment to the engineering trades. The perpetual demand thus established for skilled labour will be of immense benefit to the colony. IT would seem that Messrs Percy and Well's railway and pier scheme is likely to come to grief from red-tapeism- In some papers presented to the Legislative Council, preliminary to a bill being brought in, the project was alluded to as the Holdfast Bay Railway, and the President has decided that the name of the locality where the 'inp proposes to terminate is necessary. These papers had to be withdrawn and a month's notice is required from the reception of fresh ones to the introduction of the Bill. In a month's time pro bably Parliament will be prorogued, and there is, of course, the possibility that a year's delay may be fatal to die measure. Before twelve months have expired the capitalists may have altered their minds or become non est. Every one knows how important it is in transactions relating to the money market to strike whilst the iron is hot. Botf:if the scheme really is one, calculated, if carried out, to be of great utility in developing the commerce of the colony, that it should be burked by the red tape of the Legislative Council is a matter for great regret. THE Melbourne Argus has the following: "The late general election in New South Wales j seems to have been more than usually fruitful of blunders in the polling-booths. Sometimes we j here of an independent and enlightened elector ] scoring out the' name of his favourite candidate j and substituting for it his own patronymic. Sometimes again we here of all the names struck out or all left in, or of too many being retained, and the other more common forms of electoral perverseness. At Gundagai, however, the use of the ballot-box: appears to have been regarded as an insoluble mystery, The Gundagai Times tells us that at Adelong Crossing-place an elector having received his voting-paper and retired into the room allotted for making the necessary erasure of the candidates' names to whose return he was opposed, after an unusually long absence passed outwards, and was departing with long strides when the poll clerk reminded him that he had to deposit his voting-paper in the ballot-box. The " free and enlightened " rather warmly replied that he bad dene so, and trouble enough he had to the box ; and by further inquiries it was' elicited that, euppossing the ballot- box to be in the room he had left, this gentleman had, after careful search, found in a drawer an old cigar-box with a slit cut in the top, which had been con verted into a child's savings-box. Convinced that this was the electoral urn he was in search of, our ingenious friend with gimtdifljiculty wedged his voting-paper into it, and was departing with the consciousness of having done his duty to his country when interrogated as above stated. It was aecesBary to force open the nionej-box to recover the political document. The moral which our contemporary is disposed to draw from this incident is, that short Parliaments are desirable in order that the people may have proper op portunities of learning how to drop their voting paper into the ballot-box-" THE young man named Cline, who was brought before the Wallaroo Police Court on JTriday 'last," charged with unlawfully entering a dwelling house with intent, and was then remanded till Saturday, was on that day discharged, the Stipen diary Magistrate intimating tfcot in the opinion of the Court there was not sufficient evidence to sustain the charge. We should be remiss in duty if- we wei-e not to point out that this decision has given great and general dissatisfaction, Nothing could be clearer than the case. There was a man who had surreptitiously entered a dwelling house, was found immediately before sunrise, and arrested before tearing. It was nothing to do with the case that a felonious assault had been attemp ted upon a female in the ' same house on the same morning. The evidence cer tainly did not conncct the prisoner, who, we be lieve, has hitherto borne a fair character, with the assault. But tbat he was found in the house having entered illegally, t ier© could not be the shadow of a doubt in the mind of a reasonable person. If it could "be supposed thit he was there with a good intent, it. was for him to prove so. The onus rested with him. If he entered with the aggressor he was particeps criminis, even though he merely walked in at the open door. Whether the man was or was not rightly charged is not for us to say, but it is for us to point to the effect. If this be law no man's house and no woman is safe. We grant that magistrates should be careful not to send innocent men to awaita trialat the sessions; buttherecannot bea doubtthey should be equally careful nottoencourage crime and wrong doing. Grant that there is an anomalous state of things caused by the Criminal Jurisdiction of the Local Courts being in transitu, until the Minor ! Offences Act be properly matured ; if the Criminal clauses of the Local Court Act do not apply to such a case as the one we are referring io, either there is one that does, or the Legislature has been shamefully remiss in not providing one and affix ing proper safeguards to it. If it be useless, or worse than useless, arresting an intruder found in a dwelling house in the dead of the night, we may expect veiy soon to see, what is even now talked of, a Vigilance Committee formed on the Penin sula. THE Sydney correspondent of the Austra'asian writes:-" Great hopes are entertained tbat the Parliamentary tone may show an improvement. Most of the new men returned 8re gentleman of education and character, and they are at present mainly disposed to be neutral. They are expect ed to exercise a valuable moderating influence. They will not encourage any unconstitutional or arbitrary proceedure, and will not give their moral support to any Government the members of which degrade it by their personal conduct. The Administration will feel the necessity of maintaining outward respectability, and of trans acting the business of the country in a straight forward and dignified manner. Any failure ia ! this respect will be speedily followed by a gather ing of the independent members on the Opposi tion benches." SPEAKING of crop prospects and the folly of farmers being at all downhearted over anticipated jow price# as a result of superabundance, the Coleraine Albion remarks :-" In spite of all the talk, and the many newspaper paragraphs that hare gone the round of the Press, it is quite a mistake t«» suppose that the crops this season are going to be unusually ljeary. We don t mean to eav that in any district of the colony there will be anything lite a failure, but of those districts of which we can speak from knowledge, namely, the Western District of Victoria, and the South-East ern of South Australia, we have not the slightest hesitation in saying that the crops will not be above the average. Indeed, in the Mount Gam bier districts they will not be up to the average of that place, and in these parte the very un-» propitious weather we are having for harvesting will take a sensible per-centage off every crop We have had alternately scorching hot winds and days of heavy squalls and^storms, and that farmer mil be lucky who threshes out twenty bushels to the acre all round." Notices have appeared in the Government Gazette calling for applications to attend the Destitute Poor at Port Augusta, salary £ 100 per annum; also calling for tenders for supplying medical attendance and medicine to the Destitute ? poor in Adelaide. The Destitute poor amongst the population numbering 13 or 14,000 souls on the Peninsula are not considered worthy of atten- I tion. Only the Peninsula ? WE learn, by our latest advices from Wanganui, that Te Eooti had threatened to attack Mamuku, a native living in the broken country between Pipiriki and the Taupo Lake. Te 2voota is pro-, bably desirous to revenge himself on this chief, for Mamuku refused him shelter when he was ordered oft'by the Waikatos. Immediately on the receipt of this intelligence, the Maoris of Wan ganui collected all their available force, and to the number of some 250 men, started to join Topia's party in search of the rebel, who, if the informa tion as to his whereabouts is correct, will proba [ bly be caught at last, as there will be some 300 or 400 natives out after him from the Wanganui side, and our forces at Taupa will be ready to lay hold of him in case, of his endeavoring to retreat that way MORE economy, and this tune on the part of the Attorney-General. Hitherto the fiascos that have taken place under this beading have been such as might be expected to result from leaving the Chief-Secretary, the Treasurer, and the two Com missioners to manage the petty details of their offices. Now the Attorney-General proposes to give Mr Bartley, the dismissed solicitor from the Lands Title " Office, compensation to the sum of £1500, in addition to the £700 he is entitled to receive according to his length of service. That is to say three years salary should be paid to the solicitor, for which the country will receive absolutely nothing. Considering the confidence that appears to have been felt in Mr Bartley, it is not to be wondered at that a very general impres sion prevails he might as well have been allowed to earn his salary, as he was anxious to do. '. IT is not often," writes the Warrego corres pondent of the Pastoral Times, " that T have anything sensational to send you from our remote locality. But we have been startled out of our normal state of apathy by the visit of a bush-, ranger of the first class, that is, one who does not stick at trifles. The gentleman is supposed to have come from Eoma, and down the Warrego to Mongalone, where he stuck up the inn, and fired three times at Mr Baker, the landlord, wounding him severely. He then appears to have crossed over to the head of the Paroo, and was in the act; 6f~Sfccfflrj6g-slfie"peopJe^at-Iyuu itud M*Lr(.mIs-=ra~ the style common to the fraternity-having them all perched on the stockyard fence, when his at tention was drawn to a vehicle driving up to the -place, and, unfortunately, for him, he went to see j who tbe~occupants. were, and called on them to j bail up in the usual way. The'occupants of the trap were Messrs Browne, Zouch, and Bradley, and while his eye was taken olf for a moment, he was seized UDOU, and before he had recovered him self he was securely tied to the verandah post, and kept there until the police, who were on his track, came up aud took charge of him. If he' had known anything of the gentleman in the trap he would have given them a wide berth, as be could scarcely ha. e selected a more dangerous trio to practice on, Mr Browue alone standing something like 6 feet 5-in. in his stockings, and being altogether what may be termed a very 1 awkward customer' indeed to stick up, and give a chance to afterwards." We (Pieagent Creek Neve) hare been favoured with the persual of a letter from a gentleman, long resident ou Pleasent Creek, and who always < bore the character of an energetic, upright,-' conscientious, truthful man. He has for some time past been a resident of New Zealand. As the largest portion of the letter refers to one of the leading topics of the day, we extract the fol lowing without any alteration, simply omitttng those parts haring reference to family matters. " claim, Shortland, Auckland, N. Z., 9th December, 1869. My dear sister,-^1 do so much wish to hear from some jf you. I have so long awaited a reply to my last letter, sent to Mel bourne. that I fear it could not have reached its destination, so I try to reach you, and then they get it through you from me. You may think it strange when I tell you that I have heard from dear Martha (the writer's deceased wife) in tlie spirit land, and was promised future communica tions from her as soon as I am better unfolded in mediumistic conditions. Shs was unable to tell me more than that she knew all about my desire to speak with her, and that she was in a superior state now. I believe I shall at some time-when magnetic conditions can be induced-get some thing more from her. What I got was written through the agency of another spirit. I once got a long written communication from a departed person whom I formerly knew in England, giving minute particulars of identity of places and events that were long since forgotten. I saved a claim here at the Thames through a spirit communica tion. It had been neglected and was liable to be jumped, when I was told by spirits writing that six men were L coining at nine o'clock the next morning on to the claim to jump the ground, with other particulars of their programme. I was there with the men I got just in the nick of time to save the claim. The jumpers came exactly at the time I was told they would do, and they were completely checkmated, iaid lookei sheepishly disappointed and white as ghosts when they saw we were too much and too strong to be bounced by them. You see l>y this that I am a spiritist. It is the religion* of science and the science of religion, that will before long become the religion of the world, throw down all sectarian divisions, and demolish all the idols of bigotry and wrong that have so long Eevered the true in terests of humanity; when the real Christain principle shall embrace .ill men in one true brother hood of peace, love, and progression. I am now waiting for the opening of the long looked for TJpper Thames gold-field, Ohenemure; having nothing to do just now I have been managing a company's ground on wages but can't get them. I could keep on at a risk, but calls are not promptly paid lip, and I don't see the force of going on so. I have suffered much loss and injustice in various ways at the Thames. I worked hard on man; claims but no good one, and lost more than the proceeds thereof since. The gold-field is now a j permanent fact, but much overdone through ; over epecultaion, and the bad management of j claims, which is causing a reaction and distress j which time must restore." j The "Wellington Independent, in one of those j jeremiads on the Thames gold- field which are so j common of late says" There is no doubt that there is a good deal of money going out of this province, mail after mail, in payment of calls, and those -erho have not got to pay themselves 'grumble * at the money which is so much want ed here being sent to Auckland. It may comfort grumblers, and encourage shareholders, to know that the picture has a reverse side, and that the exchange is not altogether on one side. Although money is sent to Auckland to pay calls in com panies whosej name is legion, dividends in at least one company come to "Wellington to a very considerable amount-as there are some fortunate Wellington citizens who hold amongst them about 150 shares in the Long Drive, and the dividends on these shares nave, for some tune past, aver j aged about £11,000 per annum, and are likely to I keep up to that amount for a long time to come." | SATS the Kapunda Herald: - One way of | stamping out poverty would be to kill off all poor : people ; and as the Legislature has not been able I to devise any plan to assist poor people to attain to prosperity, it has taken steps to ensure the retention only of prosperous colonists by carrying out the first-named proposition. We don't mean | to assert that the Government has actually devis- ] ! ed a plan to put to death poor people, but it has ! resolved not to help them to overcome that sick | ness "which may be unto death. BEitherto i sum altogether nominal has been paid to medical j [ -gentleman in the country districts for professional 1 attendance on the destitute poor. The amount j received was no compensation to the practitioner, j but it nevertheless entitled destitute persons to claim medical attendance as a matter of right, rather than as an act of private charity on the part of the practitioner. But some of the District Councils have received notice (as we presume all will in due course) that no provision appearing on the Estimates of 1870 for this service, such payment will be discontinued. If a poor man lives in the metropolis he may perchance get into the hospital: but if he has ventured into the country be may be overtaken by illness amongst total strangers, and will have no right to claim any medical aid. It may be that his case will ; not come under the notice of any medical gentle man, for the poor man may be too proud to | seek private charity, though he would not have I felt lowered by obtaining the benefit of a public | institution, and thus he may die unknown, and unfriended. The Estimates are not yet finally passed. We trust that for the sake of our com mon humanity some hou. members will see to it " DcstitaiaJE^Qr-L^-JgfipmnutfeArg and provision made for including therein the usual amount for medical attendance to that class of our community, who, we are afraid, are likely to be more than usually numerous, in consequence, of flie extreme depression by which all. branches of trade are at present characterised. THE Mount Gumbier Standard relates the fol lowing -A private letter informs us that in the agricultural districts to the north of Adelaide there is a general feeling of despondency amongst the farmers, resulting from the wretched yield afford ed by the present harvest. It is said " that one hundred summonses were issued against' Cocka toos ' at Kapnnda^in one day last week. WE (Southern Argus) understand that the six tenderers for the leasing of the Strathalbyn and Victor Harbor Tramway are Messrs Cobb and Co, Mr Walker (of Mount Barker), Mr Jackson, Messrs Lamshed and Co, and two different par ties in the South. We also hear that the highest tender is £500 and the lowest £300 per annum. !Ni:w Zealand papers contain accounts of avery heavy flood :-" The Otago Times stating that the .water of Leith was in high flood during the day, and did considerable damage to its banks, large portions of which, together with the trees grow ing upon thorn, were carried away. The 6tream also destroyed the foot-bridge lately erected near the Water of Leith Hotel, as well as that erected by the Maori prisoners at the Botanical-gardens. At Duncan's flour mills it was feared that the stream would, by reverting to an old channel, do great damage. This danger, however, was averted by the prompt measures taken by Mr Harraway, by whose direction a gang of men formed a b tr rier of timber, which liad the effect of confining the stream to its ordinary channel. During the | afternoon the large shoot belonging to the steam I dredge in the harbour broke loose from its moor ings, and was for some time in danger of becom ing a wreck by drifting on the bank of the basin at the Rattrav-atreet jetty. It was, however, secured and moored inside the basin. A tele gram from Lawrence, dated the 2nd inst, says : -" The largest flood ever known here took place to day. All the claims in the gullies are filled | up, and many houses are under water. Bridges, I outbuildings, sluice-boxes, timber, poultry, pigs ; &c;, are floating down with the flood. The water is 3ft deep in the J unction Hotel, and is still ris ing. It is also blowing hard." At Port Chal mers, a heavy slip came down on the back of Messrs Easton and M'Gregor's ironworks, stav ing in a portion of the premises, and doing con siderable damage. THE Wellington Evening Post of the 29th ult. say6 ?-" A smart shock of earthquake was felt in this city this morning shortly after day break. We believe it was also felt in Wanganui and up the East Coast road, and must, therefore, have been pretty general throughout this pro vince. The earthquake was also experienced at Greytown at the eanie hour-45 minutes past 3 I a.m." In the same paper we find the following: "Messrs Norgrove of tlio schooner Amateur^ have fallen in with a piecc of uuexpected good fortune. The Amateur sailed from the harbour early this morning for Terawiti, but finding too heavy a sea outside for working on the beach, she returned to Worser's Bay. Here two whales were discovered stranded, which were at. once taken possession of and eerurt d. They are of the species known to whalers as the 4 fin back,' about 40ft in length, and expected to yield a consider able amount of oil. Arrangements are being made to send boilers to the spot, and take out the blubber at once." THE statement of a coi res pendent of the Syd ney Empire as to the products of the Mudgee gold and diamond mines having been called in question by a local newspaper, a meeting was held on the 20th ult, at Two-mile Flat, to take the subject into consideration, at which resolu tions were passed confirming the statement made by the Empire correspondent, and appointing a committee to collect statistics. Already a list has been made up of thirty-sis persons, who certify to having found diamonds, in all about 2,000, of which some 600 have been sold in this colony, and 1,200 sent to Melbourne: Besides this, there are many diamonds in the hands of Chinese and others, of which no accurate account would be obtained. THE Hobarfc Town Mercury of Thursday last says:-'* His Excellency the Governor was able to offer the guests of the vice-regal dinner-table yesterday a delicacy which the officers of the Fly ing Squadron have not partaken of since leaving England, nor are they likely to have a similar dish before them till their return there. Two brown trout were yesterday caught in the ponds at the Plenty, and through the kindness of the salmon commissioners presented to His Excellency. The one was 22in long, and 13in in girth, weigh ing 61b. The other was 21in long, and 12in in girth, and weighed 5£lb. They were caught at 4 o'clock yesterday morning, and by midday were at Government-house." SAYS the Melbourne Age:-" Upon making enquiry into the rumor mentioned ii our yester day's issue respecting the sudden departure of Mr Walter Montgomery from the Australian colonies, we have obtained enough confirmatory evidence to almost place the matter beyond doubt. At Lyttelton, N.Z., Mr Montgomery dismissed his agent, who was a passenger by the Tararua to Melbourne a few days since. The eminent tragedian afterwards took ship for Sydney, but having given up his stage name and taken passage in his own more homely one of Edward Tomlin son, the arrival of such a magnifico was not noticed. He stopped in Sydney for a few days incog., and that portion of his theatrical wardrobe which he left in Melbourne having been forwarded him, he took his passage for San Francisco in the Ameri can ship Adelia Carleton, which cleared out at! the Customs on Monday." 