THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. On Tuesday, October i, the annual meeting began at Flinders-street Chapel. In the morning the ministers met for prayer, and in the evening a public gathering was held in the new schoolroom, the theme for consideration being " Holiness," on which representatives of various Churches were announced to speak. There was a lar£,e attendance at the latter meeting, and the Chairman of the Association (the Rev. J. L. Parsons) presided. The Chairman expressed the great thankfulness they felt to God for His goodness in upholding and strengthening them, and allowing them to see eftch other again. Mr. J. N. Birks (Magill) then read a paper entitled " Holiness: What have we a right to look for, and how are we to obtain Hf' The first question might be answered in one li»e by the words "All that God has promised." This cut at the root of a common view, which lepresented holiness as a human attainment, secured by the help of God, but involving strife and labour, whereas it was as really a gift of God's free grace as salvation and pardon. To the Galatians—men who had already obtained salvation by faith, but were seeking perfection in an outward righteousness of their own works— Paul 8aid, "For if righteousness came by the law, then Christ died in vain." In order to see the force of Matthew v. 6, they must remember that the verse was addressed to true believers, whether Christians or pious Jews; and the promise was to be fulfilled in the present life. Having quoted Scripture in proof of the first point, he said they could not doubt the second without charging Christ with equivocation and deceit. He plainly taught that the blessing was their obtaining something not got by those who did not strive. But in the future world all would be tilled with righteousness, and the saved would be like the Saviour, for they would ' see Him as He is.' The Christian must not expect to reach absolute perfection, or he woul'i want no more; but the life of holiness was one of progress day by day. They must act up to the full measure of the light they had. Holiness was to be obtained byfaith, not by prayer or striving, and the time was now. They were no more to ask than the sinner for salvation, but just to take it as offered. As to men stating that this view would not do for those engrossed with cares of business, he remarked that God allowed these trials that those bearing them might take the strength of Jesus for all difficulties. Christ's holiness was in them; they had none of their own, and its manifestation in their daily life was to be obtained by living out that which He had placed in them by faith in His presence, His power, and His promises. The Rev. D. Badger (Morphett Vale) stated that he had read the works of several authors touching on the subject, but candidly confessed that he did not understand them. He knew of no Christian life but the higher Christian life— of no salvation but the salvation in fulness; and from writers on Christian perfection he had failed to discover what Christian perfectionwa3. It seemed to him that they stated what it was, and then made so many deductions from it that there was nothing left. He had carefully and prayerfully considered the subject, and it presented itself to him in the following manner:— The Bible declared all believers to be now and absolutely holy. Then sanctificatien was a thing done. In the Bible, however, they found many prayers recorded in which God had been requested to increase the holiness of his people. Then sanctification was a thing desired to be done. There were many exhortations in God's Word addressed to believers, which presented increased holiness as a thing desirable to attain. Now, they believed that the prayers of the Apostles for the Church and the exhortations addressed to the Church were in perfect harmony with the doctrines of grace and the facts of redemption ; or, in other words, these prayers and exhortations were in unison with the believer's standing and character as one complete in Christ. This led them to the conclusion that there must be a certain sense in which all Christians (whatever their personal character) were perfect in holiness, and another sense in which it was the duty and privilege of all, whatever their personal character, to increase in holiness. He then dwelt on the two views—firstly, all believers iu virtue of the couuection with Christ by faith have a perfect holiness ; and secondly, " all Christians, whatever their attainments, may grow in the holiness of their personal character." He argued that perfect sanctification was secured in the same way as perfect justification, viz., by faith in Christ, and that the more they lived in the energy of the truth the more they would be inclined to mortify the deeds of the flesh, and the more able to keep it under, and to reckon it dead, thus growing iu holiness of life and character. Mr. John Williams, who spoke next, was followed by the Rev. Mr. Fairey (Gawler), who viewed the subject in two lights—comparative holiness and sinless perfection—mentioning the Jews, who were called a holy nation, as an instance of the former. True Christians were imperfect, but, judicially considered, perfectlv holy in the sight of God by reason of faith in Jesus. There were two natures—that born of God, which could not sin: and the corrupt and sinful, which would never be pure in this life. Sir ful thoughts aroused the old nature within them. But they could progress, and the new life would grow; and, although it could not wholly subdue the old nature, the latter would be subservient. The Rev. H. L. Tuck urged that there were degrees of holiness, and with regard to the view that they received Christ's holiness, he thought it would destroy individuality and personal responsibility. Several others stated their impressions on the subject. Mr. D. Fowler considered that believers were complete in Christ, but did not hold that personal holiness was obtained by faith alone. Mr. James Smith said his views were mainly represented in Mr. Badger's paper. Mr. Culver having given an earnest address, the Rev." H. J. Lambert (Norwood) saic' he believed firmly tkat they had freedom from guilt in Christ, although really sinners, but sinners saved; and so they received perfect holiness in Christ. Mr. J. A. Holden expressed his belief in decrees of holiness to be obtained. After fiu-ther remarks from the Revs. J. Price and S. Mead, Mr. Gray, and the Chairman, the meeting closed with singing and prayer. THIS DAY. The proceedings were continued this (Wednesday) morning. At 10.30 a prayer meeting well attended, was held in the Flinders-street Schoolroom, and at 11.30 the retiring Chairman, the Rev. J. L. Parsons, introduced his successor, the Rev. J. M. Day, of Kapunda, who read the annual address, as follows:— " The Simplicity that is in Christ." " Fathers and Brethren—I accept the office which I hold to-day as a privilege and a duty, and I esteem the privilege none the less, because the duty is one from which, for many reasons, I could wish to be free. I will not, however, be guilty of bnnginar against the Committee an indirect charge of want of wisdom in their selection by protestations of my own unfitness and unworthmess, but win at once do away with myself by expressing the hope, iu which I know you will all join, that the many prayers and joyful anticipations wtich have preceded our meetings may be abundantly realized. " We meet this year under circumstances of great commercial depression. Like an unbroken frost in a long and severe English winter, 1 fear it has sadly nipped many plans of usefulness, which we hoped would ere this have attained to vigorous growth. But I believe it will not be allowed to interfere with the life and pleasure of our meetings. Now, as well as in the time of the Apostle, the abundance of our joy and our deep poverty may well go together. We can welcome the one as the fit companion of the other. In reference to the past two or three years, we cau and do say— "' Let us with a gladsome mind Praise the Lord, for He is kind.' Many of us, too, have special reason to thank God for the difficulties through which we have passed. We have been driven back from many of the outposts, but only that we might find more perfect safety in the Refuge Himself. We have learnt much of the inexhaustible s fullness of Christ, and of the sufficiency of faith in Him, which under other circumstances might have remained unlearnt. In this spirit of deep gratitude, then, let me ask your attention to a few thoughts on 'The simplicity that is in Christ,' and incidentally on the great hindrances—I may well call them the maior hindrances—to the progress of the Gospel which spring from our forgetfulness of and our actual departures from the simplicity that is iu Christ. "There are several points at the outset which I must take for granted. I not only assume that the Gospel can be hindered, but that the gieatest hindrances are those which proceed from the Christian. They are the greatest, because they are the very hindrances to which we are apt to be most blind, and because when a man's foes are they of bis own household he is at a double disadvantage. Of the hindrances which originate with and proceed from the Christian, the greatest are those which are traceable not to defective organization or errors of judgment in matters of detail, but those which arise from the absence of life—in other words, from the absence of the simplicity that is in Christ. Of church organization we have enough, and, I think, to spare. What we want is increased life rather than increased organization. We require, not new doctrine, but tbe old livingteaching received in all simplicity and godly sincerity. "I take for granted also that we all accept the Bible as God's inspired Book, and that our views on this subject are clear and dccided and scriptural. I am sometimes afraid that thiB is not so entirely the case as it ought to be. I know, of course, that there are, and I expect there always will be, differences of judgment in the interpretation of particular passages. But, apart from this, I fancy there has been a growing tendency to yield to a hesitating, apologetic phraseology when speaking on this subject, which has led many to think that the inspiration of the Scriptures is a doubtful and unimportant matter. I am quite sure that where we have yielded in any degree to such a tendency it must be regarded as an evidence of shameful ignorance rather than of superior knowledge. I can only refer to this point briefly, but I do so emphatically, because there is now greater need than ever that we should be thoroughly rooted and grounded in the Scriptures. We might imagine that we hear the Bible say as well as its" Divine Author, ' Them that honour me I will honour.' When we come to it reverently and confidently it repays us thousandfold; when we approach it iu a doubting, hesitating manner it is slow to reveal to us its priceless treasures. " Taking so much for granted, I ask has not the Church greatly departed from the simplicity that is in Christ in its answers to the questions —'What makes a Christian?' 'What is a Christian?' and 'What keeps a Christian?' Has not this departure given rise to many errors and to innumerable hindrances ? One of the grandest scenes described in the Acts of the Apostles is that one which occurred at Philippi —the earthquake had aroused the gaoler. Imagining that all the prisoners had escaped, he was about to put an end to his own life. The exclamation of Paul stays his purpose. Calling for a light, he comes in trembling, aad, as if made conscious of the awful danger yet impending by the vivid remembrance of the great danger from which he had just escaped, he asks,' Sirs, what must I do to be saved?' In an instant, with the true simplicity that is in Christ, Paul replies, 'Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou sHalt be saved;' and seeing by the uncertain light of the cancUe the trembling wife and servants and children who had gathered around the gaoler, and in thenterror were clinging to him, Paul adds, ' and thy house.' One answer, one Gospel for all. Is there always a like simplicity with us? While the theories which many hold and even preach were being elaborated and explained to the bewildered enquirer, I am afraid the thief on the_ Cross would have died with his ignorance unenlightened,and the Ethiopianeunuch would have been compelled to continue his journey with his question unanswered, because of the length of time taken to reply to it. It may seem a bold and rash thing to say, but it is nevertheless true, that many, perhaps most of our theological systems have led to terrible departures frem the simplicity that is in Christ, and from this statement I do not except the most orthodox of those systems. It has been well said, ' mere art perverts taste, just as mere theology perverts religion.' The Christian system is not a botanical museum, in which there are only specimens ready dried and classified and labelled. It is rather a living, blooming garden— a very Paradise regained, from which each must pluck living fruits and flowers for himself. The venerable Fathers of the Church, who framed the symbols most widely known, doubtless thought that in the phraseology of the Nicene and Athanasian Creeds, for instance, they had devised a form of words that would settle the Christian creed for all time. They might have remembered that new wine requires new bottles. They might have had the foresight to perceive that very much of the time and zeal of the Church of the future would be employed in sewing up the rents and darning nice patches upon these very bottles, which by age. and especially by exposure to the sun ot prosperity and the clear dry atmosphere of religious liberty, had come to be rather leaky, and from which the wine if it was ever there at all had well nigh run out. How many there have been and still are who seem to imagine that the security of the Church and of the Christian consists iu putting the new piece of cloth in the old garment. How much ado there is to take a little of the gloss off the new piece and to impart a little of the necessary brilliancyjto the old in order to make a good match. But the experiment is one which confessedly gives greater scope for ingenuity than utility. In a letter in a recent number of the Freeman, a correspondent, who signs himself 'Enquirer,' quotes from a sermon of Mr. Spurgeon's as follows:—' I never can admit the doctrine of general redemption. I know that apparently to many casual readers it seems to be taught in the Scriptures that Jesus Christ positively did give His life a ransom for all men, albeit their ransom does not secure their salvation; but it does seem to me impossible that Christ should ever miss the intentions of His death. It strikes me as an axiom that whatever Christ died for He will have. ... If, then, He died for every man, every man must as inevitablybe savedas thatChristdiedforhim. But who are saved? Why, " a multitude that no man can number." Then Christ died for them, and them only. But in a certain sense He died for all that all might be His property, and they are His property.' Is not this an ingenious patching of the old garment with the new cloth, aud nothing more ? Why try to spoil the Gospel by thus seeking to square it with some supposed orthodox metaphysical system of theology? I know of no man whom I love aud admire more than Mr. Spurgeon; but when I read such passages as these I am painfully impressed with the wonderful difference that there is between the inspired writings of the Holy Ghost and the uninspired utterances of any man—even the best of meu. Why should there be such a perpetual recommendation of the writings of oue particular class—of the writers of one generation —as though to understand theis was well-ni^h essential to the right understanding of the Gospel ? I have sometimes heard it said it must be right and essential because of the good that has beeu done by such preaching. To which my simple reply is, post hoc is not necessarily or always propter hoc. Christ is believed m and preached. There is the root of success. I always come from Kapunda to Adelaide by train. I might ride, or drive, or walk, and still come. Christ is the way. If the Christian is in the way, and above all "if the Christian preacher preaches Christ as the way, it makes very little difference what is the particular mode of travelling he patronises. I get to Adelaide, not because I travel by rail but because I come on the right road. M." ,^® * for one moment be thought—and 1 1 0 I feel ashamed n o t that it should be necessary to make such a disclaimer in 1 order am to speaking guard against misapprehension—that jn f a v o u r o f t h e s e n ti m e n t a l latitudinananism which is too prevalent in our days. For it I have the most thorough contempt. I regard it as the worst possible form of hypocrisy, or, at any rate, the most dangerous form of self-deception. I am pleadingfor simplicity, and for the simplicity that is in Christ. Nor must I be understood as implying that there is no system in the Christianity or in the teachings of the Bible. There is system of the same kind which exists in Nature, a-id we need to deal with it as the experimental philosopher does with Nature. Faraday was a true natural philosopher. His knowledge rested upon and- was acquired by actual experiment. He did, indeed, sometimes indulge in imaginations of possible results that might be attained. But such were always subordinated to the teaching of actual experiment. There is a class of pseudo - philosophers who have suffered imagination to run away with them, aDd who are trying to devise experiments to justify their imaginings. It is much the same with many Christians. Better far that we should take the facts and statements of the Bible, trace their hidden power, and shun the imaginings of preconceived systems altogether. To such a method of study Scripture will yield wonderful results, aad the beautiful system of revealed truth will unfold itself to the devout believer. The new bottles will be found ready at hand for the new wine. "Suffer me to refer-you to the New Testament by way of illustration of this argument. " How can I be made a Christian %—' Ye must be born again.' «Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit he cannot enter into the Kingdom of God. That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the bpint is Spirit.' What is it to be born agam?—'Whoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God.' What am I to believe? 'This is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and that life is in His Son. ' He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself.' What is that witness? 'Ye have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father.' 'The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirits that we are the children of God.' AVithout a single word of comment or explanation, canany teaching be more simple or beautiful or systematic ? Taking this as God's Word to be received and believed, testing it by a simple trust to bring out its power in ourselves, it becomes a positive reality* to us. " Again, what is a Clinstian ? It is thus the wonderful change is effected. What is the difference it makes ? In other words, what is the man now that hs teas not before ? He has become one of the sons of God, not simply by adoption, as it is often said, but by actual birth. The spirit of adoption enables him to realize his sonship and God's Fatherhood. But he has become a son by faith in the atonement of the Lord Jesus. Ged's works are not fictions, but realities. I must be actually a son before I can say Abba, Father. Many seem to reverse this order, and so are all their lifetime in bondage. They forget that wonderful saying, 'If any man be in Christ he is a new creature. Old things are passed away; behold all things are become new.' The Christian was a foreigner; he is now a citizen. He was without hope; he is now saved by hope. He was dead; he is now alive. He was guilty; he is now justified. He was the sinful child of sinful parents; he is now an heir of God, and joint heir with Jesus Christ. He is this, and more, ' not by works of righteousness which he has done,' but because, ceasmoto go about to establish his own righteousness) he has submitted himself to the righteousness of Christ; and his faith in the reality of these things rests not upon experience, but upon the written word of the living God. " What is it keeps a Christian? ' This is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith.' 'The Jews] in the Talmud have the saying, "The whole law was given to Moses at Sinai in 613 precepts." David in the 15th Psalm brings them all within the compass of eleven ; Isaiah brings them . . . to two Is. 56 ; Habakkuk to this one—" The just shall live by faith."' Yet so great is the departure from the simplicity that is in Christ that when we say this we are said to be embracing ' Solifidianism,' which is a word big enough to frighten all ordinary people. In the etymological meaning of the word I hope we are Solifidians; and if we take the Scriptures in all simplicity as our guide it can never lead" to error. In the Epistles, for instance, I find a constant recognition of the fact 'that one of the best springs of worthy action is to have worthy thoughts of ourselves.' The writers altvays speak of what the Christian is and how heis made whatheisbefore they come to questions of detail. Nay, even when sins are to be rebuked, the Christians are first reminded of their high calling. This is the true Solifidiamsm. I believe I am justified, sanctified, made meet for Heaven because God tells me so. I believe I ought to put off the works of darkness, to love my neighbour, to provide things honest in the sight of all men. I know I can do so, because it is no longer ' I, but Christ that liveth in me.' I have come to the end of myself. Christ disowns it, and I have to disown it and to reckon myself dead unto sin, for ' I through the law am dead to the law that I might live unto God.' Now, if we come to the Bible to know what it taught upon this point, apart from the prejudice of any theological system, could we for a moment see any danger in such teaching? Nay, more. If, as true experimental Christian philosophers, we put God's Word to the test in these matters—if we believe all that He tells us to believe, we shall find such a wealth of experience, of fatherly love and power, as we had never before dreamed of. It serves little purpose merely to disouss these questions—'If ye know these thing* happy are ye if ye do them.' On "the other hand, depart from the simplicity that is in Christ—think it dangerous to believe yourself justified though a believer — doubt whether Christ is made of God unto you sanctification . . . and redemption'—mix up notions of personal struggles to conquer an old nature aud make it better with the glorious fact that if believers, having become united with Christ in the likeness of His death, we shall also in the likeness of His resurrection—forget Christ's declaration, 'These things have I spoken unto you that in Me ye might have peace'—forget that it is by Christ working in aud through the new nature that the Christian is strong to do and to suffer, and it will not be long before worldly expediency takes the place of Christian simplicity. Forgetting or refusing to believe that the victory that overcometh the world is our faith, we shall very soon forget that there is any world to overcome. A wheel in rapid motion and a wheel perfectly at rest present just the same appearance to an onlooker. So the 'rest of faith* is ceaseless activity—an activity originating with and kept in exercise by Christ in me, the hope of glory. r, ? .¥ comparison often made bv Coleridge T r e i and s a by one of his most loving disciples—the late Archdeacon Hare—which aptly illustrates the point we are now considering. Reason is to faith as the eye to the telescope, and both depend for their efficiency upon the atmosphere and the light. When we see light iu God's light; when we look through the-pure atmosphere of revelation, there is no danger of faith descending to credulity aud superstition, and so becoming the opposite of reason. Christians too often speak as though they were necessarily direct opposites. But the Bible, which bids me glorify God in my body and soul, which are his—which bids me present mv body a living sacrifice—does not ask for ignorant and unmeaning superstition, but asks for that faith which is the highest common sense aud the noblest and purest reason. "This part of the subject admits of almost endless expansion. And I am conscious that I can only just indicate the principle which you can each illustrate further for yourselves. See how nobly simple Paul is asinspired by the Holy Ghost. Writing to the Corinthians, he says, ' I am determined to know nothing among you save Jesus Christ and Him crucified.' In that same Epistle he gives a variety of directions as to Church discipline, marriage, the appropriation of a part of our income for the Lord's service the use of spiritual gifts, and other subjects! The simplicity that is in Christ connects the whole of the Christian's life with it, and His Word—' It is written'—is our unfailing guide. " Once again, I ask, has there not been a sad departure from the simplicity that is in Christ in our notions of what the Christian Church is what is its mission, aud how that mission is to be accomplished? " Shall I be tbouclit guilty of impertinence if I ask my hearers each to say what the Church is, and if I imagine that there are some who cannot? Whetherthisbesoornot,thereisagreat tendency to regard the visible Church, as it is called, as all important, while the idea of the invisible Church is very often accepted as consisting only in a form of words necessary to give completeness to the phraseology used in describing the Church. It is very often only used as the brand (sometimes the forged brand) which shall secure the ecclesiastical product a ready . " Apart from the direct evils that have been introduced into the Church from forgetfulness of its true character, there is great mischief , ~ S««d which is lost, and in the mistaken 8 m efforts t h e to which it gives rise. "If this morning we forget our Congregationalism—if we pass from the consideration of the outward expressions of Church life to the consideration of what the Church really is will not the study reveal a wide departure from the simplicity that is in Christ ? In the New Testament the word is used in only two senses. It stands for the whole body of believers. ' Christ fa the head of the Church, and He is the Saviour of the body.' . It stands also for any number of 'Christians united in faith, and gathered in one place for the worship of God and the observance of religiius ordinances.' "Christian simplicity on this subject teaches us, therefore, that the whole Church really is one, and can never be otherwise. A bodv is one, and can never be divided. Practical union among Christians is to be realized. How? By trying to make ourselves one by sinking minor differences that we may all agree, or, "at any rate, not disagree ? No, but by each believing that the Church is one. I am the brother of my father's eldest son. And the greatest incentive to real concord in the family is the remembrance of this. My brother Christian is my brother. We belong to the same body. He may refuse to acknowledge me or I may refuse to acknowledge him; but the fact of the relationship is unaltered. If we love each other at all we must ' love as brethren.' Because I believe no fact or truth is taught in Scripture simply to complete a system, but is there rather as a seed to be received into our hearts and bring forth fruit, therefore I believe that the oneness of the Church is not an empty notion, but an important fact to be received and believed. " Evangelical Alliances seem to me to be both the glory and the shame of the Church iu the present day. They are the shame of the Church, inasmuch as a formal declaration of mutual love ought not to be necessary. Just imagine a formal declaration of brotherly love among the sons of one father. They are the glory of the Church, since it is a good thing that our faith in the oneness of the Church has carried us thus far. I am afraid it shows we are weak in the faith; but weak thitgs may become strong. "There are many really important practical results that flow from the believing reception of this truth. During^ the Bicentenary Commemoration seven or eight years ago there was rather an amusing discussion whether the con- gregation had a right to commemorate the ejection of the two thousand. I heard one wellknown minister answer the objection by saying that he had a nght to commemorate anybody. There is a truer right—the right of family relationship. Just as a copy of every book published in England goes to the British Museum, and if it be a Baptist book a copy goes to the Baptist Library, and if a Congregational book to the Congregational library, so every noble deed performed in the Church's history is recorded in the archives of Heaven. It may indeed be specially treasured by one denomination. In some sense it may belong to them, but it belongs much more to the whole Church. In the martyr zeal of Williams, in the apostolic labours of Wesley, in the earnest and successful preaching of Berridge, I read what has been accomplished by members of the same family to which I belong. Their labours belong to and increase the glory of the one Church. If such thoughts are cherished, envy and jealousy can find no place among Christians; and more than this, a noble incentive is given us to earnest labour in the cause of truth. If I am an unfaithful or an unskilful workman, it is not only a' disgrace to me and to my denomination, but it tarnishes the glory of the whole Church. " Christian simplicity in our conceptions ef what the Church is would save us from many ludicrous blunders. We should never .expect a time when denominationalism, or that of which it is the outward sign, would cease. I don't believe it will cease in Heaven. The Church is made up of those in whose hearts has been planted the living seed of Divine truth. The life and activity of the Church is just the combination of these individual growths. Plant a dozen seeds of the same kind in the same soil in a row and you will get twelve plants of the same kind, but all so far differing from each other that you can distinguish their unlikeness almost as readily as their likeness. This is just the idea of true denominationalism. Where it is real it is the outward expression of rigorous life. And we might, I suppose, take any one of the different denominations in this colony, and we should find as many denominations within it as there are outside of it. If we did not, I would not give much for the denomination. Yet, if while existing they are merged in the one denomination, so the , larger denominations are to the true believer merged in the one Church. We need not wait for the extinction of denominationalism before we believe in the Holy Catholic Church, or in its synonym, the communion of saints. Believing what the Bible teaches us, we shall be one in practical life as we are in family relationship. " I have dwelt upon this point because I am certain it is too much overlooked by us, and the result is that our efforts are narrowed and enfeebled. We are what our thoughts are. Thoughts, good or bad, have an irresistible tendency to ripen into action. Let our thought of the Church be the New Testament idea of it. Let us think of it as the bride of the Lamb, as the family of the redeemed, as the citizens of the New Jerusalem, and our Church life will be the ripening of this thought. Though in the world, we shall not be of the world. Though marked by external differences, the inward family relationship will always be realized. " Such is the Church. What is its mission? Carrying iu its heart and life and upon its lips the divine and attractive message of redeeming love, it is to draw members to it out of every nation and tongue. Witnessing for Christ, it is to be honoured by God in being the means of bringing many into it. Its faith rests not in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God. It seeks no honour from the world, and just in proportion as it is true to itself and to Christ, it gets none; for even the very praise of men is often more false in its character aud more mistaken in its application than their censure. Its mission is pre-eminently a spiritual one. " I know we all professedly admit this; yet how much the Church has been encumbered with other work. It has been noted by careful observers that in times when great political revolutions are transpiring, and iu countries where the people are held in bondage, the demand for public amusements is greater than in those lands where a larger amount of freedom is enjoyed. May we apply the same observation to the Church ? Is the notion which seems rapidly gaining ground—that the Church, as the Church, should provide innocent amusement, in order to attract the young and the careless to it, aud to keep those who are in it—a sign of increased knowledge and freedom and prosperity, or the contrary / I think the contrary. Where there is a healthy rigorous life there is always plenty to amuse without making formal provision for it. It is only the sickly, or those who want to drown thought, who need to be pampered with exciting amusement. The true treatment is to restore the health. Even the rules of political economy teach us a wise lesson on this point. Division of labour is a great gain. I doubt not many of our older colonists cau tell us that when they have indulged in speculations out of their ordinary line of business they have lost rather than gained. The speculation itself has been a failure, and the legitimate business has had to pay for it The Church sometimes makes the same blunder'. We have enough to occupy us without taking upon us burdens which we cannot bear, and with rushing into speculations which we do not understand. Oue of our strong points is the simplicity of our mission. A building that has its foundation upon the rock, and is well knit together in all its points, needs no props to support it. The tottering edifice needs to be buttressed on all sides, 'Built upon the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner-stone,' the Church needs no props of worldly expediency. Where they are required it is a sure sign of weakness rather than of strength. Perhaps the more immediately practical question for us just now ia—How is this mission to be accomplished? I have somewhat anticipated it, but it deserves further notice. As I have already said of the Christian, so I may say of the Church, 'It is to glorify God in its body and soul, which are His.' All the collective wisdom, all the collective foresight, all the faculties of the Church are to be used, guided always by the wisdom that cometh from above. "I greatly fear that in carrying out this mission the Church has wandered from the simplicity that is in Christ. I have not one word to say against combination. But I am afraid we have made the same kind of mistake that, is often made in the world—our fathers were content to trade in a careful modest way without much outward show. Now if people want to start a company or to extend its operations they must nave a fine building and a mahogany counter, and the outside very respectable. The necessity for the company should exist if possible. It is desirable to have the requisite capital if you can get it; but the fine building and the mahogany counter are indispensable. How did the Apostolic Fathers of the Church earry on their commerce ? They made sure of •the necessity—man's need and Christ's commission. _ They had the required capital—a living acquaintance with the living Gospel, and a living Spirit to give it power. They carried these from place to place—to the ruder towns and villages beyond Derbe and Lystra, and to the populous and polished cities of Ephesus, Corinth, Athens, and Rome. As their divine commerce extended churches were formed; a temple net made with hands was always ready by the river side or in some similar spot. The market-place and the synagogue, the public school, aud even, when opportunity offered, the court of justice became the consecrated place in which Christ and Him crucified should be preached. In order that, under the peculiar circumstances of the time, the Gospel might be entirely without charge, the best preacher of one of the bands wrought day and night that he might, by honest labour, sustain himself and those who were with him. There was no appeal for contributions that he might be supported in his work, no appeal to the Christian public that there was a great work to do and that he was ready to do it, but that it would fail if funds were not supplied. " I know it may be said, as it often is, that times are very much altered now, and that we must keep pace with them. Depend upon it, it will answer every good purpose if we keep pace with the Bible. When I read the perpetual appeals that are now made in the pages of our different religious periodicals (notably of some of those which speak most of faith in the Lord), which tell us that unless so much is forthcoming by such a time the Lord's work will be stopped and Himself dishonoured, one feels ready to ask—' Who authorized vou to get the Lord's work in such a mess, and then throw upon him and the Christian public the responsibility of getting out of it?' Surely a ' sanctified common sense' should teach us better. The Christian's work and the Church's work is the true knight- errantry. It calls for sacrifice. It will be full of danger. It will involve hairbreadth escapes. It is ever to be a battle for truth and righteousness against falsehood and iniquity. But it may descend to a Quixotic knight- errantry, a caricature of its original and noble purpose. A person called upon me a few weeks since who had published a hymn-book, partly of his own composing, and who had left his home and employment that he might travel about selling his book and holding services in different places. He asked me if I thought his work and his way of accomplishing it were to be compared with Paul's. I said I thought not. He said it certainly was not walking by sense, and I said I thought not. I am afraid, however, that we used the word with a somewhat different meaning. I don't mean that we should act like this. One grand essential in undertaking any public work for Christ is that we should be well reported of among the brethren. Where that is the ease there is very little doubt we shall be called by them to the work. " Nor, on the other hand, do I mean to speak against neat and commodious chapels, or the payment of literal salaries to ministers. I am not speaking against the employment of evangelists or missionaries by Churches or by private individuals. All I say is, if this manifestly cannot be done, don't do it. Each Christian for himself, and any number of Christians jointly, should be prepared to take any amount of responsibility laid upon them in the providence of God, and to make constant sacrifices for God's cause. But in many, perhaps in the majority of instances this is not how the case stands. For all practical purposes of finance the Church is too often an impalpable body, and the actual responsibility and the consequent inconvenience and odium fall upon those who have had no part at all in the arrangement. " There is an important social aspect of the question which I think should uot be lost sight of. Inordinate love of show and excessive and ruinous credit are two of the greatest evils of our day. The latter especially is a great evil iu our colony. As a nieie question of wisdom, apart from the consideration of Divine command, should not the Church set its face against it? How can I preach from the text, 'Owe no man anything,' when I knew the Church is in debt, and in debt perhaps because spiritual church building has been interpreted to mean the erection of grand ecclesiastical edifices ? "There is also an important aspact of the question as regards the Church itself. When it breaks one of God's commandments, it is not only guilty of all, but is very likely to break all. I am satisfied where zeal for outward 6how and position gains the mastery, there is less seeking for Divine guidances, and more seeking after worldly influence, that appearances may be kept up. I was much struck with a remark made by a minister in Kapunda at a chapel anniversary a few months since. He said that hi a circuit where he formerly was there were 26 anniversaries in the course of one six months jn the year, and he always observed that during that six months less spiritual progress was made in the circuit. Such a statement would seem incredible if we had not abundant facts to show the constant tendency of chapel anniversaries, Iu fact, they are chapel anniversaries and not church anniversaries. The main thing, the principal object of the meeting, as I have heard it called, is the collection for the material] bricks and mortar, instead of the endeavour to improve the living stones of the Temple; and worldly men laughed at it, and no wonder. Stale jokes repeated for the thousandth time; gentlemen (sometimes gentlemen with white neckties, too) pacing the aisles, and by facetious remarks trying to extort money from the unwilling audience; the farce of a collection to which the contributor gives Is. only in order that afterwards he may have his name announced for 5s., payable in three months; silly nonsense talked in proposing and responding to votes of thanks— these are simply disreputable and disgraceful occurrences in a meeting connected with God's cause, and held by men who profess to believe those solemn words—'the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is.' What wonder that the confession is, such meetings hinder rather than help spiritual progress. For the Church of Christ to resort to such practices is as unwise as if a shopman should conceal all his goods from his customers, and spend the day in singing pretty songs to them. 3 " The simplicity that is in Christ teaches us surely better than this. Our work is a growth. Above all, it is God's work, and therefore must be done iu God's way. And God's way would give us all needful agents and appliances. Iu this colony I do think we might stick more entirely to apostolic precedent with advantage. Better far that the minister should combine secular work, as it is called, with bis Church work, than that there should be such a constant and painful struggle to suppoit the minister. Better that our Churches should really encourage home- grown talent more thau they do. With more simplicity, I believe we should do more iu the matter of chapel-building even. I do not mean for one single moment to encourage the lazy or illiberal. But we may accept it as an axiom that God does not require us to do what we cannot do, or can only accomplish in an unscriptm-al way; and that what God does require Jus to do He will'enable us to do. We may have the command to go forward perhaps before we know even how the passage through the sea is to be made; but shaping our course by the signposts of the written Word wc shall never go wrong. "If I am afked what are we to do when "as [ is the case with many Churches, we are in debt, my reply is simple. Relieve Christianity of the present encumbrances of trying to please everybody. Then, searching in the Bible there will be found a noble preoedent. A noble servant of God had gathered round him a band of devoted followers. His and their comparative isolation from the world had only endeared them more thoroughly to each other. At last the leader was imprisoned and beheaded, and the disciples came and took up the body aud buried it, and went and told Jesus. Go ye, and do likewise. " Beauty when unadorned is most adorned. The Christian, clothed with the robe of Christ's righteousness, standing complete in Him, receiving the whole Gospel, and believing the whole Gospel, needs no broad phylacteries of party names or of theological shibboleths to distinguish him. To add thus to the simplicity that is in Christ is as vain and foolish as ' to gild refined gold, or paint the lily.' The Church, girt about with the truth, and watching for her coming Lord, sees the heaven opened, and hears the Saviour announce Himself as the bright and morning star. Animated by this inspiring vision, the Spirit and the Bride say, ' Come.' Reminded afresh of the noble simplicity of her mission, the Church turns towards the perishing world, and, bearing with her the water of life, proclaims aloud the free invitation — 'Let him that is athirst come, and whosoever will let him take the water of life freely.' In this is found her true glory; in this consists her true safety. And while she is waiting for the millennial morn, the only danger she need fear is lest she should be corrupted ' from the simplicity that is in Christ.'" PORT AUGUSTA RAILWAY BILL.—The reply of His Excellency to the address of the Assembly, relative to the Port Augusta Railway Bill, was precisely what the public had prepared itseli for. The Governor regretted his inability to recommend the construction of the line on the guarantee principle at a cost of £3,600 a mile, but intended causing surveys to be forthwith made, in order to determine whether the work could be done for less. This is a distinct and unmistakable reassertion by the Ministry of a resolve to prevent the application of the guarantee principle—as proposed by Mr. Watts and approved by seventeen members of the House—to the Port Augusta Railway, or to perish in the attempt. The prosecution of the survey is a work that ought not to have been delayed so long, and which certainly will be of service whatever may betide the guarantee system. All who support the line agree that the country must be professionally examined sooner or later, and it is far the more business-like plan to do it sooner. Whatever may be the consequences of the Ministerial inflexibility, nothing should be done to retard the dispatch of the surveyors and the speedy preparation of reliable data for the undertaking. The message from the Governor, although cheered by Government supporters, was received in silence by those who had voted for the address. What their tactics will be has not transpired; but report has it that a meeting is to be held this morning to consider what further action should be taken.—Register. THE TARIFF BILL.—This measure has survived the ordeal of opposition and amendment, Mid has now assumed the form which, if passed at all, it must retain. On Tuesday the third reading took placeinthe Assembly, after a division, called for by Mr. Daffield under deep sense of pubiic duty, had shown a majority of a round dozen in its favour. The Bill was at once transmitted to the Legislative Council, and its second reading has been set down for Thursday, the senators having indulged themselves with the unwonted luxury of sitting on two days during one week. Of course, being an outand-out Money Bill, they must accept or reject the tariff as a whole. THE CITY OF PALMERSTON.—The agents deputed by land selectors to visit the Northern Territory having inspected the towns laid out and the country sections surveyed by Mr. Goyder's expedition, and finished their task, are on their way back. Their movements have been chronicled in a telegram elsewhere published, and which has come to hand from our correspondent, the steamer Omeo having called in at Brisbane. The message speaks cheeringly of the prospects of the place, reports the public health to be absolutely perfect, again notes the satisfactory condition of productive vegetation, and enters into details upon various matters of general or special interest. One of the most satisfactory items of the news is that the Overland Line has been commenced in earnest, but there are not wanting other proofs that the enervating climate does not take out of hardy colonists their previously amassed stock of energy and endurance. VALEDICTORY.—On Saturday, October 1 ,a large number of the employes" of the Register and Ofeei'i assembled at the offices to bid farewell to Mr. John Foreman, who has been for over 30 years connected in various capacities with those papers. Advancing years and other causes had occasioned his leaving, and those connected with the practical department sought to testify to the respect aud esteem entertained for him by those with whom he had been so long associated. Mr. G. Wilson presided, and in the name of the subscribers presented Mr. Foreman with a pair of gold spectacles, a walking-stick bearing a suitable inscription, and an address, to which nearly 40 signatures were attached. The following is a copy: — "To Mr. John Foreman. — Dear Sir—The members of the Register, Ohsercer, and Evening Journal companionships — some of whom have been acquainted with you for upwards of 30 years —understanding that you are about leaving the establishment, cannot allow the occasion to pass without expressing our regret at the occurrence, inasmuch as your kindliness of disposition aud urbanity of character have evoked in us feelings of the deepest esteem and regard. But our regret at your departure is lessened by the knowledge that old age has, in a measure, rendered you less capable for the duties of a profession in which for more than half a century you have been actively engaged—31 years of which have been spent in South Australia—and you now retire from it with an honourable and untarnished reputation, and ihe esteem of all who are acquainted with you. In thus professionally bidding you farewell, we feel that your declining years will be solaced by the consciousness that you have always done your duty between master and man, and the ho2>e of heating our Great Master's words of commendation, ' Well done, good and faithful servant.'" The Chairman, iu seeking acceptance of the gifts, expressed the regret of the subscribers at the occasion of their meeting, the high respect entertained for him, aud their earnest hope he mig-lit be spared for many years to enjoy his well-earned holiday. Mr. Foreman feelingly replied in a few sentences ; after which an adjournment was made to the Hotel Europe, where his health was appropriately proposed by the Chairman, and enthusiastically received by the company. THE KING WILLIAM-STREET DISTURBANCES.— \\\e have been informed that a memorial is being signed, askiug for a remission of the sentence passed upon the men convicted of riotous conduct at the door of the Treasury some months ago. AUSTRALIAN ALLIANCE ASSURANCE COMPANY. —In our advertising columns will be found the eighth annual report of the Australian Alliance Assurance Company, which appears to indicate a very favourable state of affairs. We are informed that not only has a regular dividend of 10 per cent, been paid, and the handsome reserve of £'51,000 been accumulated, but the capital of the Company lias also been doubled out of profits, and a bonus of 10 per cent, upon such doubled capital is now payable in addition to til2 ordinary dividend. 