? CHRISTMAS STORY. COACHMAN'S GHOST. : -if a, pleasant thing it is for a man * in active London life, with all dant bustle and anxiety, to find : ble, when the, merry Christson comes round, to.. spare a from the business of money .and spend them with kind and ile country .friends ! How deliie change from town to country! ood humoured you feel witlj .and everybody as you are .along the.railway to meetyour -'t friends, whilst visions of "fires, happy faces, and snug ble rooms—and if you are a the certainty of a pleasant -flit before you! How glad o leave London smoke arid id you, and inhale for a few p pure air., which Nature deat man should breathe, ai)d poisonous compound which jjtants of great towns must jt up with ! ing in such thoughts .as these Land in some,ethers in parijjuch will perhaps appear more efore long, BobSomers, who fareweUto city life for ~eks, was speeding down to e as Tast as the fast-going exjild carry him, on a visit to all, the residence of Squire nd family, who always insisted b's spending some weeks at "very . year at their hospitable Thanks to the agency of ob, on the occasion we are aking of, soon found himself he hospitable walls of Mold d the warm greetings of his friends would have done the frozen London dandy good s; indeed they almost brought ob's eyes, who, though a fine ; oung fellow of five and :as of a very susceptible temlall was a fine old country ^ind Squire Watkin was a fine feman, a surviving representact, of the genus " fine old ntleman," now unfortunate- -•xtinct. The squire's wife was and-hearted lady, universally V.all who knew her, rich pr , her engaging manners and enevolence. Then there were ^liters, ' all good looking, romping girls, apparently for merriment and fun, ig in a constant sunshine of ... The eldest perhaps'could -"called a girl,' seeing that, she ig ' upon seven and twenty ; would never have believed it ~ur curiosity had prompted aid Bob Somers,, to, search ,the fly-leaf of tlie old, family ~ne, the next In order of seni-l sfive or six years yoiihger than .sister; she had already been to|a young artillery ose %ndsome. ipoustaeb? ""Jied'.'itseljfround'the'tendrils rt, and it deemed very p,rob- } off much longer'shewbuld remain in th^t interesting Bntalising positionj '.inasmuch' "F^-P^ ^as nearly all 'that hp uosist upopj, a'n$ an old 'yncle, •5 r (expected wojijd /(eventually' ifi^to outdq, Methusalah,; ^ J S S S T E I ' y.her oeap^tul, light, copshaded !by' the. jsofiilst' and'tlje ; brpwp ^air, without admiV-acl.'as for' Bob Spmers-^why, if , 'attepipt to describe one half T^ctipns 'jsntii vjiich he' beer to .-he & endowed, .1 should ^ fail from * "the 'poverty' of the English .llmgua^ejandfae obligedto, have "recburse to Orientalism. ; . Tom Waitkih was a mfcd young scamp of Sixteen^ he had nearly brokfen his mother's' Kiiart| by getting' into a foolish love affair with a pVetty country girl, and had cbYnpletely broken two of his own ribfe by a fall which he sustained in consequence of riding a spirited horse at 'k fox-hunt before the anjmal' had been''^iropferly' brokfen in. Such were the component parts of the Watkin fataily!; sind a family' more amiable and 'more iiriiveifsallyrespected 1 did not'exist in' Yorkshire, f hoi-in any other county ih England. , tJppn. the present occasion Bob' Spmers w ( as ; the only . visitor 'at, Mold Hall. ,There was;go'od fox hunting in the neighbourhood, and when the weather permitted, the old' squire, his son, and Bob followed the hounds when the weather was not propitious there were plenty of in-door amiisements to,.beguile the time, and indeed, if the truth must be told, Bob Somers was. never so happy as'when obliged by stress of weatjier to stay at home, for he found an attraction there for which all the foxes in Europe could riot have compensated. One evening, soon after Bob's arrival,,as they were all seated round the fire, which was merrily blazing from the ample grate up the'capacious chimney, and diffusing its pleasant warmth and cheerful rays around the apartment, which was further illuminated by a couple of wax candles, for gas : was then'unknown in Yorkshire houses, the conversation, which had taken somewhat of a desultry turn', fixed at last, as it often does on a winter's night in an old country house, on the subject of ghosts and goblins. Like.m6st sensible people in thesie advanced days of steam engines and electric, telegraphs,.,Bob Somers was a sceptic as to ghosts, and, apparitions of all sprts; and though'. the squire, who was just "as firm a believer in them, told some of his. most appalling stories of the freaks of those shady personages, yet Bob took no pains to hide his incredulity, and at some of ,the most alarming incjdents, when an expression of mute horror' : rested' on the.faces of the rest of the' audience, he positively laughed outright. Perhaps it was that he saw these stories made an evident impression 6q poor Fanny, wbp. was very easily frightened, and whenever he saw her look around, sometimes at thfs door, sometimes at himself, with a scared arid uneasy look, he invariably broke ( ,in with 1 a laugh, and quite' upset t ( he. squire in the very middle of the progress of the ghost with clanking chain down the old oaken stairs, with the ineffaceable'stain of .blQOjd on (the upper lanaing, or in the re,cital of §pnie ptlier equally horrible and oft told ghostly occurrence. On pqe qf r these, pensions the, old squire quite lost. l)is, temper* and. went so, far; ,a? „to say, that "i.t w§s very well- jor Bob, to : go ,,oq. iq, that. w.ay, talking b'g , before.^the^ ladies,.but he should just like tp see; hipj aloue.^n a dark, room when. ,a real, ghost, did piake its. iappearancej. and if ^wpuldn't be frightened out of his senses he was a Dutchman^ '.-,]•;.;' ,, . Not a bit of.itj" eaid Bob ; ^ghost or no ghost, it should leav« myiirpom the;way it c^me^ with a flea in its ear, if it had one." ' i; a:'} ...i-i,:... * £ - .lyTo w I'm l kpjite:. 3 thftt^ypu would-be' very frightened:.iodideif a ghost idid- appear to you,"/said fanfly ; I'iaHdi Frq mire it iOtie .caine to jipe I should die upon the spot." ., . • Y6u'• ai itllfi littW replifed Sob.. " What ^ost-icduld-ever %hiiilc of doi'ilg" sach'^sw^et little creatuVe.'asyouany 'harm ?". 'I lie vyliole family hdwevier took part against hirq ; even that mad '"young Totn^ who could lick any 'liid of his size about the country, 1 arid often did so, declared that if he were' to'see a ghost he should drop) and wouldn't believe •but that Bob would do the same under similar circumstances. The squire's wife was of course a firm believer in ghosts, and rather pitied Bob for his scepticism than otherwise; and the two elder sisters, whether they believed in them or not, were ^ terribly frightened at the bare mention of them; so that Bob seeing he had but little chance against such formidable odds, gave over arguing tbe point, and was very nearly converting his friend the squire into a mortal enemy by falling fast asleep in the very midst of the most exciting part of another of his ghost:stories. ; That morning Bob Somers had received an unpleasant. letter from London, informing him that his presence was imperatively demanded in the metropolis for some days on business pf vital importance. Heartily did he Wish all 'business*at the deuce; but Jt was 110 use wishing, he was only a junior partner, and could no more i'efuse to attend a summons of this nature without injuring his prospects, than he could precipitate himself from his bed-room window on the third floor without damaging his limbs ; therefore there was no help for it, and Bob had made "up his mind to be off on the following morning, but. first a solemn promise had been exacted from him to return to Mold Hall as soon as ever the inexorable claims of business set him again at liberty, an J in good truth he was not backward in binding himself down to 1 return, for there was no place on earth ! that he ljked better, or indeed one half so much,'and when on the following morning he pressed Fanny's hand on departing, and received the slightest possible squeeze in return, and saw the prettiest conceivable little blush stealing over her lovely cheek, he could not help again involuntarily wishing all business matters were sent to that old gentleman who is so frequently invoked in similar emergencies, and who, if he receives anything like all the presents thatr afe daily consigned to him, must have a tremendous lumber-room somewhere" or another. Business detained Bob Somers in town for a week, and never did week seem more obstinately bent -upon never coming to an end ; however, it was obliged to give in at last, and Bob, having satisfactorily arranged everything to his partner's satisfaction, was once more on his way with a light heart and pleasant anticipations to Yorkshire. He arrived at Mold Hall about midday, just in time for luncheon, and was most 1 'hospitably welcomed by the whole family, Fanny, of course, included. When the first burst of talk which always ensues when great friends have'not seen each other for a whole week, had partially subsided, Bob perceived that Fanny was clad in slight mourning, and began to wonder why ; on Ipoking round, he saw what he had not at first noticed, that the whole family were in similar guise, all dressed in slight mourning. They had all beeri as gay as butterflies the preceding weelfj so that Bob was somewhat surprised. " You are surprised to see us in mourning," said Mrs. Watkin to Bob, seeing* that he was eyeing them all round; "no relation of ours is dead, providentially, but we have lost one whom we have almost looked upon in that light. Poor old- James, who has lived ; with us ever 1 since we were married, and had lived here ever so many years before, died suddenly last Thursday, and we were all so deeply grieVed; at -his loss that we thought- it only "'becoming to put on a little mournirig' for him ; poor fellow, he was a 'triost excellent servant." , f Ohj it's the-coachman," said Bob, "poor old' James! I'm sorry to hear that he's gone," And then as the portly figure of the old fellow, who had indeed 1 driven him down to the station on the occasion of his recent departure, rose up before him, and he recalled to mind tbe -courteous manner in which he had refused the proffered, crownpiece, saying that he hoped soon to see Mr. Somers a member of the family, and then thought that the poor old fellow was gone—dead ! and all in so - short a time—Bob, though by no means given to moralising, could not avoid reflecting upon the awful uncertainty of human life. Eanny looked very becoming in her mourning. The bewitching creature ! —she would have looked so in anything ; and as Bob gazed upon her the thought came over him—it was • a very unpleasant thought, but it forced itself upon him—that young and beautiful as she was, she too might be suddenly cut off, and he felt at that moment as though an icy hand had arrested the pulsation of his heart. In the afternoon the whole party sallied but for a walk, Tom Watkin and Bob Somers bringing their skaits along with them, in case the ice shoiild appear sufficiently strong to tempt them on its surface. There was a large pond close by, and Bob was just thinking of venturing on it to display his skill before the ladies, when he remembered all at once that he had promised most faithfully to write a letter connected with the odious business above alluded to that very day, and it then only wanted an hour to post time. He hurriedly made his excuses, and returned to the house. As he saw a comfortable fire burning in the diningroom he determined upon making that his library, and ringing the bell, desired the servant to bring him writing materials. This was soon done : and Bob having first.stood before the fire for a few minutes with his coattails across his wrists, collecting his thoughts and warming himself, cut up two or three quills before he could make a pen to his satisfaction, then took a sheet of note-paper and began to write.. The dining-room we may as well premise, for the information of those who have not had the. pleasure of visiting Mold Hall, was on the groundfloor, and looked through a large bowwindow into , the garden. Bob had just finished the first page of his epistle, and. was in the very act of doing what in former days his schoolmaster had often advised him to do, namely, turning over a new leaf, and in so doing happened to raise his head in the direction of the window, when, imagine his horror and astonishment 011 distinctly beholding through the glass the face of the coachman gazing intently upon him !—the features just as he had known them in life, save that a ghastly paleness now overspread them. Though by no means of a timid .disposition, Bob felt a chilliness running through his veins, and for the moment he thought he should have fainted; however, it was but for a moment-; for he recovered himself 011 the instant, and obeying his first impulse rushed to the window. He saw nothing. He threw open the window and stepped out upon the terrace. Nothing was to be seen but leafless trees and withered shrubs, and in the distance he could distinctly hear the sound of voices and merry laughter proceeding from the party he had so recently left. Bob closed the window and re-entered the room. The apparition seemed so real that at first he could not dissuade himself from believing that he had actually seen the. coachman f?ce to face, but reason soon came to his assistance and assured him that; it was but a temporary hallucination. He had . been thinking of poor old James the moment before he bad looked up, and this he began to, reason with himself, added to the shock, he experienced at hearing of his sudden death,, had so affected his nerves ,as to make him the victim of temporary delusion. But still it was so horribly real. Then he thought of the many instances of a similar nature which had occurred to others, and how, as he lately remembered reading, Sir Walter Scott had been startled soon after hearing of the death of Lord Byron by suddenly beholding his deceased friend stand before him in a room that he had entered, and was only disabused by walking up to the apparition, when it speedily resolved into sundry garments suspended on a peg. Bob began to laugh at his fears. " 1 mustn't let my friends here know of this, though/' said he to hiniself, 'or the squire will have a nice revenge on me for laughing at his ghost stories." Dinner was soon announced, and in a few minutes Bob was busily engaged in the dissection of a turkey, and a remarkably fine turkey it was too; and what with this turkey in front of him, on which constant demand was being made from all parts of the table, and with Fanny by his side, Bob soon forgot all about the old coachman. Fanny too was even more kind and affectionate than usual, and that is saying a great deal, for Bob considered her kindness and affection itself, and she looked at him so lovingly every now and then as she replied to his rattling volleys of talk, that Bob felt his spirits fast rising to fever heat. He could not account for it; but it seemed to him as though she looked at him at times with an uneasy and somewhat anxious look, but withal so fondly, that he felt sure she could not distrust him ; and then when he talked to her again, in hopes of solving the mystery, and their eyes again met, she seemed to be trying to look into him, to sound him as it were. Bob could not account for it, as we said before; but as it was very pleasant to be looked at so by a beautiful girl whom he adored, he thought no mure about- it, and was quite contented. Dinner was over, and the evening was spent in the usual quiet and social manner, music and singing—in both of which, as in all feminine accomplishments, Fanny was a proficient—predominating. Bed-time arrived, as in a well-regulated establishment it generally docs once in twenty-four hours, and the ladies rose to depart. Fanny lingered behind : she had forgotten something in the neighbourhood of the piario, at the further end of the room, and accordingly went thither to fetch it or replace it, whatever it was. Bob very naturally and very politely, to save her the trouble of returning to the table, lighted a bedcandle for her and met her half-way with it as she was returning. Making a flourish with the lighted candle, he made a grand obeisance, popped down on one knee, pressed one hand to his heart, and with the other presented to her the luminary. The squire and his son both laughed heartily at Bob's pantomimic civility. " Get up, you silly fellow !" said Fanny, " don't be such a goose." "If I ama goose, you're a little duck,'' replied Bob immediately. Fanny laughed and put forth a little white hand for him to shake. Bob seized it with avidity, and was about to bestow his customary squeeze upon it when he felt a little bit of folded paper slipped into his hand, while the softest possible "hush!" stole from Fanny's lips, who immediately gliding up to her papa and brother, gave them each a couple of kisses, (for any one of which Bob would have given every penny he had in the world, though to say the truth, the donation could not have been a very enormous one,) and immediately left the room. Old Watkin helped himself to another glass of brandy and passed on the bottle to Bob, who did the same; young Tom Watkin, being disposed to be convivial, was about to follow his example, when his father checked him, saying that he had had quite enough already for a lad of sixteen. " When you're as old and as bold as Bob here," he added," and don't care a rap for ghost or goblin, spirits will perhaps do you no harm and as he said this, Bob remarked that he " tipped a wink," as the vulgar expression goes, to his heir- apparent. , c Ghosts and goblins " Bob was about to say something dreadful, but the face of the old coachman sat the window flashed across his mind at the moment, and he contented himself with a much milder observation than he originally intended. Tom Watkin . said as he wasn't to have a " night-cap " down below, he'd try if he couldn't find one up above; and wishing the governor and Bob goodnight he departed. After a little chat Bob and : the squire prepared to follow him. Bob had been all the while in a great fidget to see what was the purport of the mysterious little note which Fanny had put into his hand, and was in a great hurry to get to his bed-room, which as it was in a remote part of the house, and all the servants were gone to bed, he had some little difficulty in discovering. Arrived there, however, he put his candle upon the dressingtable, and dreiv forth the scrap of paper from the waistcoat pocket in which he had secreted it. lie read as follows:— " Remember that you are not afaaid of ghosts. Fear nothing; and when you have read this, destroy it." Bob read this over, rubbed his eyes, and read it again, holding it close.to the flame of the candle, as though he expected some invisible writing to become thereby apparent, but the above was all that he could make out. "I'm to remember that I'm not afraid of ghosts," soliloquised Bob; " that is all very well; but what on earth can she mean V' Bob looked round the room—it was a large and lofty chamber; and the light from his single candle—for he had not lighted the two wax-candles that stood on the dressing-table— only partially illumined it; a few pictures were suspended round the walls ; the fire place was broad and dsep, and on either side of it was a recess, evidently intended for bookcases or cupboards, but neither bookcase nor cupboard was there. "I do believe they are up to some trick to try me," said Bob to himself; " and Fanny, like a good little creature, wants to put me on my guard." Bob went to the bed to see if anything like a broomstick dressed up in the garb of an elderly female was awaiting him there, but lis found nothing more terrible than the ordinary bed clothes and pillows. He then looked under the bed, and there too the coast was clear. He then locked the door and put the key into his pocket, quite determined that nobody should come in by that entrance, and he took the further precaution of fastening the windows. As Bob was engaged in this operation a clock in the passage struck twelve. " Now is the time," said Bob to himself; " if they do intend to alarm me this is the hour." He listened, but no sound was to be heard save the monotonous tick tick of the clock in the passage. " Pshaw !" he exclaimed: " I daresay it was Fanny that wanted to frighten me a bit, with her mysterious warning, after all. Never mind—I know how to pay her off for it;" and he began to think that as she had taken the initative in so startling a manner, he really must follow it up by forcibly exacting, what he had never dared to take, a kiss from her sweet lips, as the only fitting punishment that would suit the peculiar exigencies of the case. Thinking it now quite time to be tumbling into bed, Bob began leisurely to wind up his watch and divest himself ot his upper habiliments; he bad not proceeded further than the waistcoat when he fancied he heard a creaking noise in the room. He stopped in the very act of pulling his right eblow through the arm-hole of his waistcoat, stood still in that position and listened. In a few moments he again distinctly heard the same sound this time proceeding evidently from the farther of the two recesses, which being very dark, had. not in the hasty survey which he had made of the room hitherto arrested his attention. To snatch up his candle and stride across the room was the'work of a moment. Ashe approached the recess he distinctly saw the. outlines of a man in a sitting posture. Another stride, and Bob was full in front of him. Gracious Heaven ! what was his horror to "behold again the pale clammy features that had gazed upon him through the dining-room window in the morning! —to find himself face to face with the coachman ! Bob Somers was a brave man, few more so; but at that moment he felt as if all vital power had suddenly deserted him; but again, as in the morning, the reaction was immediate, and his courage and strength returned as suddenly as they had deserted him. Providentially too, at that very moment Fanny's warning flashed across his mind; he saw it all now at a glance; this then was to be the test of his vaunted fearlessness ; the vision of the morning was no illusion, but a reality—the coachman was no more dead than he was. This flashed through Bob's mind with the rapidity of lightning, and in the same brief period, moreover, he had decided upon his plan of action. The ghost had come unbidden to his chamber, for the express purpose of frightening him, and Bob determined that the return match should there and then be played out upon the spot. The pseudo-ghost was sitting upon a chair at the farthest end of the recess, looking as much like a real ghost as a large white sheet round his body and a quantity of chalk upon his Jace could possibly make him. Bub stared at the ghost with a vacant and terrified look; the ghost regarded Bob with a stern and supernatural expression of countenance truly appalling. Bob's knees began to shake, (he had some little difficulty in doing this at first, but he managed better as he proceeded) and he seemed apparently about to sink upon the floor ; he did not do so, however, but twisted suddenly round, recovering his strength all at once in the most surprising manner, walked into the middle of the room,' deposited his candle very carefully in the centre of one of the square patterns of the carpet, and sat down with a leg on either side of it, staring with all his might at the apparition in the recess. The apparition slowly rose, Bob did the same; it extended its right arm in a menacing manner, Bob's right arm went through precisely the same evolution. Old James was evidently disconcerted. Bob walked to the dressing table, and lifting it bodily up, carried it to the recess and set it down with a bang right in front of his now astonished ghostly visitor. Bob seated himself again upon the floor making as horrible a contortion of his face, as he could manage, turned head over heels in the direction of the wash hand stand, brought from thence the water jug and banged it down upon the dressing table. He then grinned at the ghost in the most idiotic manner he could assume, which so increased the fright of the now trembling visitor, that he was just on the point of roaring out lustily for help, when his utterance was at once checked by the contents of the jug discharged full into his face. " Oh! oh !" roared out old James. " Oh ! oh!" he roared out still louder, as the jug itself flew over his head and was smashed into a thousand fragments against the wall, « break open the door! He's gone mad, stark mad!" Bob rushed about the room in a state of absolute frenzy. The coachman made to the door, but that bein«r locked, and the key in Bob's pocket" escape thence was impossible. M P . while Bob had. been to his portm? teau, and now appeared with a f or J f able looking revolver in his ha which-to the horror or- the reneeS ghost, was' straightway levelled at V 8 head. " "Hollo!" shouted Bob, "you're ghost, are you!—well you won't nJ a bullet in your hide, then ;" an,j, seemed' on the point of pulling trigger, when just at that moment!" violent; push was made against the do® as though to burst it open; before j.'/ could be repeated,. Bob i dropped ftf pistol, pushed asiHe the trembL ghost, and unlocked the door. Son'! Watkin, who was just in the act 1 making another tremendous l UnB against it, missed the door, and ca® bang against Bob instead, sending fci reeling back into the middle of ft room again. " Now, then, where are you a sfe ing to !'' exclaimed Bob. " I've bes bothered enough with this confounds old ghost, without being knockedim the middle of next week into the bi> gain. Hollo! old fellow, come out5 the sack, and be off to your gm, again ;"' and so saying, Bob seized k of the end of the sheet and spun James round like a tee totum. ^ poor fellow, more dead than alivseemed very far from understand'^ how matters really stood, and gazedr Bob with a terrified expression r countenance, which, heightened as ; was by the ghostly colour which k chalk had imparted to his cheeks, gn him anything but a cheerful appears Bob now turned to the family, i were all assembled together outside!; bed room door, and giving one oft | nocturnal good humoured laughs^ claimed, "And so you thought', £ terrify me out of my wits by'kit old James, and then sending him lot H afterwards! Well I hope you'll k better success next time." Notwitnstanding Bob's returntoi natural manner, there still seemedi be a general doubt entertained as: whether he really had been frightes out of his wits or not; and certii: the tremendous noise he had kicked: in the bed room would have beenc< elusive evidence before a committet lunalico inquirendo. Fanny, bow who looked very pale at first, £ trembled all over, soon saw that I lover, either from the hint she! given him, or from his own nalr courage, or both, had satisfacta stood the dangerous test to which. had been submitted. "There, papa," exclaimed Fan " he wasn't afraid after all, and if very wrong of us to play him sot trick. Poor James has had enousl it, I think ; you won't act his ft any more James, will you ?" " No please, miss, I'm sure I rc shall," replied the resuscitated « man. " I never liked the job from' first, only master would have it a hope the young gentleman won tt any grudge against me for it, fa wasn't my fault." "No, indeed! it was rather amusement for me than otherwise,"! Bob, | thinking now be might i brag a little; " but take care, andi , try it oh again old boy, because, uc Jove, I intend to kill the next fl |gg I meet itrith outright." ; " You may kill the next ghosi; mfeet,with in this house, with ita permission, my boy," said the $ " I'm hanged if I ever playanvf such a trick again; it might well have been' the death of Jf not. Never mind, you're a brave i and I shall be proud of you for a* 1 law. Come, Fanny, you P^ hard for him, and nearly made up the joke altogether at one givie him a kiss now, and thn l! repay him for everything. Fanny blushed, but did n» |1 away her cheek when Bob s'epp, ward to take the reward assigned 1 ' as the meed of his valour. till ^ now, Bob, I'm off to bed," squire, " and I should recom- Ji to do the same; I promise I won't be be interrupted any plight, for the irhost has gone ^ itself with a glass of brandy lr in the pantry, and 'tis too 1f:ed in the morning now for nore to be siit ring." I as he was advised, and ten after was fast asleep, and [of Fanny Watkin. And Ihe first and last ghost that ared to Bob Somers. ene T. S. m par »o v Im Hut the ofl ITISATION.—On Friday last jrkland and M. Allport, Accom- Jas. M. Clarke, Secretary Snion Commissioners, placed five additional salmon trout in the above Mosquito Puint. On jwn they distribute.! upwards jed brown trout in the different iv carried out their labors wilh- l—H T. Mercury. sin lot toi the of| AT PATTERSONIA.—A lad Lillop was at woik a few days bush at Pattersonia, when a rolled on to his rittlit leg and The poor boy was brought in jrds, where the fractured limb Clarke. <NON, who some months since lOO tor having in his possession I, on the North West Coast, ednesday discharged from goal ' the authorities. EXCURSIONS.—The steamer i been chartered by thel.O.O.F., Ba pleasure trip to George Town next. The steamer will leave H 7 a.m. sharp. The committee jle^an Sunday Schools have also same boat for a trip oa the sell then the> the Commjj LauUc Am next} sevjjki Morid^ tea'si I GURR'S COMMERCIAL SCHOOL. slars attending this school were, evening, awarded the prizes them at the recent, annual ex- , Several . of , the . friends of the d others who take an interest sol, were present and expressed i.mucli pleased with the work of tTlie prizes were distributed by Richardson, of Avoca. IEGATTA.—A Meeting of the rill be held this evening at the ] Hotel. ISTMAS DAY falls upon Sunday nday and Tuesday will be obholidays. FOOD ANNIVERSARY.—The An- ; the above Sunday School will |d on Sunday next. The Rm\ will preach at 3 p.m. and Mr. pnan at half-past six p.m. On half-past three p.m. a public will be held. IJSTRATED AUSTRALIAN NEWS. received Irom the Agents, llch Brothers & Birchall, the Oecemti The, number of the above monthly. Embraces a Christmas Suppleaining a well-executed double- Sred engraving—" Under the Wj ras well as several full-page enf-Altogether the number contains page and seven half-page plate3, which are :—The Belliqueuse, pn-clad corvette; New Town |?y; Great Fire at Dunedin; &c.; The price is is, and >r more appropriate gift for |pme could not be purchased. — The butchers, grocers, epers generally in town are busy _ their shops for Christmas Eve, •and a fine show of "good things" is already " ^Mf. John Davies', Havana House, teat attractions just now, espeoungsters. The display of toys, ^knick-nacks of every description, iing wonderful. The toys are noticeable from their superior novelty. One window of the aid out as a"shilling window," Stains many articles really cheap "gure. At the Gift Depot, P. youthful eyes discover another jealth in the shape of Indiarubber, i, and compo. dolls, cards, books, rithoui number. WALE CHAPEL.—The Anniver- ;ons of the above Cbapel will be on Sunday next, by Colonel 11 a.m. and half-past two p.m. ftiog will be held on Tuesday 