EXECUTION OF ARCHIBALD. ,AT 8 o'clock Tauesday nmorning the last sen teoce of the law was carred ont on Alexander Aichibald, ;in Rockhanipton jaiil. About a -?quarter berfoe: 8, thle prison bell began to toll and the unturifulf procession moved from the condenined 'cell: to the enclosutre where the scaffold stood. A: .considerable inniiber *of persois a-about 00--had assemtlbled to witness the exeecution. The condemitned main walked iito thi enclodure fi rmly and cit~alily, his eyes wafiniigdering vei :the fianiliar faces gathcred .o~;tinildthe Fbaffold., There,was'a look of-resignationon ohis features free ' Fro any bravado, and his deheain niithronghonut was'that of oule who submitted calmily to tiis fate, acid iwas prepared to accept it witi fo.? titude and Cliristiiart esignatitun. Teil. Ri.; Mr Cairson walked hliiside thW?teliso:ne, .icad ing the 'findral :scir'ice. :i Bhinid cii tie !thi Rev. Mir Jetikynt'iaii lad 'he 1v Mii MEi.I aIlti .and tle jail offieial+ AOrcºillibil as drei?s :i in a darlk tweed seiit, ceriican shitt.cai ?id,' necktie or:eollar, and woriea,, pnaitof-plisoni shoes. - He lhiked but little -woin down byh his long confieineinntand :the mmntil anxieti be mastliave suiffered. Ile c,irtried a.hnnci of flowers in his ;rightt liaal. : ,UTnderti'l scaffold lay his coffin`A Aari :id,attlhii ifoit ii? -the scaffold, the? concluding pri?ybrs 'aif tli-I funeial seivice were recited.; Aichibald nntrl the offilciatiaig clergylial icrnmaining standin i according to the unitge of'athe Pieshyteriuta Chlurch, -to, which he claimtaed tor belong. Archibald's eyes; during the recital of thit service, wandered restlessly over the faices of the crowd, ýand:he seemed to pty lbit little: attention to the words of the clergyrtito. The condemned mana then knelt dotivn with the attendant, clergymani, angd. 'deliveired a long extemipore prayer. -During its delivery, a constant knocking at the outer gate was followed by the measured ti'sad of the Voluan teers through the corridor of the enLtrance, and about sixteen memburs of the force 'n tered the'enclosure .under theicomtinand of Sergeant HIerley and drew'- up at the iRft hand side of the reaffold,the orders being given' in a loud -voice,- aitd the necessariy manaluvres being executed witha seeucang in difference'to the solenin scene being enacted at the foiot of the 'scaffald-the rattlinag of arms falling discordanitly on: the last words of prayer from thedying man. Thie police. under the conimand of sub-inspectar El liott, were drawn up on the right of thle scaffold. Archibhald prayed in a cleatr, pice- ing:voice, and all -who heard hIin were semi-. sibly affected. -He-said, . O .Lord God I I thank you ,who hast permitted the to live I'th twenty-eight years-the greater por'tion of which I have spent in sin and misery-and I thank Thee that thou hast given loe ai few weeks fot repentance-to read Thy hblesedl word, and' for Thy woi- ship. -O Lotrd, ThIo' has shown' Thyself to me a God of help- of strenght-and of coinfort. 1: care as little for that coffin before me as my bed. I thank thee, O Lord, for the discharge you have given "te; and I hope. that it mIay strike terror thoughoult t the world. I hawve been lid blindfolded (? pinionted) to the g~ai lows ; O God look down and- pity aile. 1 thank Thee for my clearance.: ftrom these dreadful irons this morning ; I give myselft' up to Thee as a living saerthice., and- pray .that. I may- he mniade. holy ,acceptable to Thee. Hear my pravyer O Lord ! God bless my wife and children-- direct and pro .tect them; O'God, bltess tliueam. I:pray for -my enemies, if I have any, and ifor those who may' have given :fialse evidence against. ame, if tbey did;-I: ask Ipardoi for thein ;:I ,do notccu'rse them-atiy; of theln-=I bhless them in myi heart; and I repent deeply for all that I have dinet, and I trust thathi tley. will"be as freely .fbrgiven tle? :-'O 'L!tlrd, I thank'Tli?e I Ihave not" an ienemy to: fanc; oh, I hilpe to see all aiiy old friends aind re: lations ina'heaven. a A old firiend of iione was. shown by 'me the ojther- day :a likeniss of ny Saviour, and. in a few miintes I shall see mny Saviour, in reality. 'O:O.God, hbave mercy on me, for tny Saviour Christ's salke. Amen, .Amen:" The last Amen was dwelt upon which g-reat fervency and apiparent feel: ing. - The Rev" Mi Jenikynttheln offeted up a brief and earnest prayer.' The Rev. Mr Hartleyfalso offered up a -:prayer. Duritig :.thiistime the han3man was. staiding under h.e fatal beam, and uilently waitinig his tic tim:'. Archibald having cminp?leted :-his prayer;-expressed a `desitre -to . place", the. flowers he,held in his: :hand in: his coffin.. his .requesar was eotnplied with,: and he walked over frodm the mfot of thie seaff Id to. under the drop where: the ueafill lay.. T'he lid was lifted ;byd one of the jail officers,- and with his pinioned anrmsi Archlibaldh placed the flowers wlire his lhead was iso soo to: lie. lHe aj peared pleased that :his wisli iii this respect was com plied witi? arid walked back 'firtily to ile foot of tche stlep:s. He mounted theUn: with a steady tread, precedled by the Rev Mr Carson:. anrd attended liy the two- otheir miniisters andi the jail officidls. As he wect upi he st.aid-'": Thitoks be t,. God I..armi cliimbing to Hicven.':'-! On reaching the platfoirm he was placed leneuathi the beam by the executioner, a:d ther tpe was quickl adjiusted round fllits aiuck?.B: fore tile cup was driaiwn ovil hi eyes, A~clli. baid advanced to the firont ralil:ftath-c l) plit form and said-- -Dear fttariends I wish to say a fntw. kind words.to yrii iht;iure t:ydbiy.d-' partiare form this wicked world." I :: hajap ay endwill be a dreadfuil ,arning-not inly to yau who 'hear me, biut :to the- wliole world. ". will say nothing alhoult niy triaal I bliss na countrynmen who lo found imie guilty, atnd the judge also, aid. bless :his soul, and God abide with him and long" may lie li'e to adnuinister jostice. and 'eil'tc. I Li tist that-those who have. econaittted wilful lieur jur against rate; if: they have diim 'i. hi t ?at the Lord will tfoi'givi thea.n I ?l a p iayd for tlheni late ind eatrly,9 -d Lw nu?afit tdohtwni you thaitthlere is :a' gr-cif ' (la-il of tfff~r'eince betweetn un i tdii.ttir anuwa hi luaimialifo:ti age for to coaistit a ?tuatilder-. A-?,tiaia who has aiituinl ciitirage wouild he a:ile ~ walk up ad, utmilia li dusiio: bu I iwanft to sl oi that tle stre-eigth, : aie gt fri (ii is abov.e: from the Aluiiift."i I~ is taut from ~uny outward boast that : any blackguard might imake that I:dia gane ; :God forgive mhe'and I save me froti 'having a boast being mad. "by any blackguard that I died like a man, :or like a cur.:. -I thankGod it is . better ,'than that, audi,. believi l meld my death.as a .Christian.! I :trust that you will all :meet :ne in heaven. :I am an uneducated iman;, ntiulin a very painful -position:. I cannot aiddress you in tine language-only in suchais': I hai got.'. And: I trust that 'what I ?y twill be accepted by the whole of you.- I triust that all of you, and yuting men par titlilai'ly, iwill keep aa y ifrout dihiiik, :bad company, and racehorses. I 'triuslt that. a fekw old frieind li tht il see' anmongst those airouitl:ite ;will give;tui' thoeti tbhintusi, .andd umay' becoine better;men: G_ Iid. bless iou ai ll. piay for you0i all, an d my` listrwi0r io s that'God t-ay viake yolii'lbetteri nd a tliat when: yiur ti ur'icoiues youi will die iiith' i' ,in ile oin ynour lips a sI can; - I wisi voit tall a'-tiieri;yClii stnias iind a hlappy New ,Year. I feel that 1 alit goitg to baitii'iii:". with tli Sivioui in joy. Frtewell fili;welll I", TIie rip wisnthei' druain over ?iiis face "and 'lie °t?as pliced.beneath the beam. 1ku then aiid " A4ll right,; good-bye fither,- addres i~ing a. a man ;nanmed Davis in 'the :crowd,': ,laviat, he haii d -been i ciecustomed, to 'call iather' aid tufriiing lis ieail a side, 'lie 'aii "I, ' want' to say: goodtl-by to0 Mir rHairt Iy." lie'then shiiok hands fiith lr 1ai.t-. h'y and M? i Jenk3n. Thic Rev. -Mr Oirsonl tei lii prayed "--"Iinto thy inririftil lihands, O Lord 'I ieconnimenid the stul of thy; sci' vant now i'ablict to .be severed fion the : body, Receive' hilm .we humbly ,beseech TThee, 0 God: -into the,arlls of, thy mercy.; Let' tnot his fiaith waver iior his hope fail.: Let hiu :die inl.pwace-rcest ini hope-aind iise in glory.":' '.'Tlien takitig= AichibIld by the' altid, lihe said -y" Deiar Brothcr,-God the: Fdthert wiho hith 'created thce; God thil Sni'. alwho 'lath rcdeemedl thee; G'od the :iiHoly Ghost who hitth, in'fused 11 is :ace into thec \---be lioi and ti eiiniole thy di fciic -- issiat thee ill thi tllv last tial ailnd braiiig thee to, -velrhisting life.! Amen I is left hand was tightly, clcnched.,' Al'teir the pray:i'ia he shook hands wiithi MIr Carson and u.stood sileniit a nmuiicnt. In a voice full of ioitioti lie then said, "'Ihle Lord have m'nr.ty on iu e;" and, addr essing thie criowd,h, Ie Said, "Let lle ihear i on say .one :word f'or :iie-- let tii heiai yonu. ay thli Lrd havc e ait icyon tIyv lpoor.:spul''' Firo ? n out tlic citt ii ilthere sitm( oIne tuliiminllus .and s lim?inn. ri.iuu?u iae hitd ias tile word:.i Th" 'lie L" iil have .iir ieyy oin youpoi ir soul,i fell on h s ar, lie said Ill: .hopefulv oiii , "e Thinks ime to thle Gr;at God-nowa I die bi piliy.?" 11i th ni nician anoth-er upraei--"O 0let' your. hle t. be in heaven 1 0 merciful God ! lhou who anht--- i At this tiultllt- the bt it:' wis drawiln, an lld the soul of tlexaude"r I Archi bald ivaslatiinclied: intoieternity. Ile appiared to Sufte i",i .pi, ideath being ilstanllt:lieouos. There was ilo contrtactionI of 'i.e lower limbs, and the body alfer snwaying about fiom left ti, right fIor i fe'w se'oIands, reted with the-fact to tle ii all. Archlibalua gu;lcy lllfe nas over tud thl l hist of liilliga an's iuiiderers-goii. to his account. "l'lheb ltdy afteri haiginIrg fii about lilf tli htiui?wais tien cut down. thie lace on being uncovered ':pliuared call and peiicefnil ; oIne oth'ie es w?s part ially open. The topige pilotrtdiled -slighIly I fttr- the nionithi :.T'l'he body wa is then ihiced in tihe cuffiin,. and a: post-icinrtcni exautatintto i1 'was held by Dr balnaondi.assisted by Di':s: Thon :iod MlcNeely. The said Ilen drawing of:Tthe lhilt steiieed to liave supril, d A,chilild, and1 wrlien hli felt the driluip aoit;g 'dniwn he drew' 'hiselflsup with li slart ed ia o.'cni it. The ironils were b firnta pli cell i?p?l th?, liviisier wIine weeks ago-ys :erliy. :'Arimt-er being ei tetc'd, 'feair? were' e:i ertaiued foi' severalI "diys i hat:i hd t i tite ii'pl e IstaivingF li; ii:ielf: to di, th. l3i t it sl Is, equeii ily ijipe)lied thiiti :theie_it.als were groili'tdless. Ar'hli, isldolidl" Air lHartleyhthat lie lhad ino 5siltilcitiititioti, buit thit the sientencet produced so deep:annl ,tIpressive an -effect upon himin as to depri.ive hlni of' all appetite. 'Seven weeks ago Archi baild was unable to read. lie fhId lealrned t lhelt bieiccuil:ief cts of the religious: minis -trations offered by the'gentlemen atttndinig Paultie nd and Vili ,he a a asdhc inducted to listeu more willingly to iheii, exhbortitius: since thi?tl hi: tiid ii ard tord 1 uaru to read, and wias eeiablednat:last to erad ua chapter int the Bible. Dui, ing the :fitst ii of his coiiifiltiinient: i: aippe.arei to shia'iink iviii. hnlrort froni :the sight of; thei gallows dlurii his -hours of exeicise in tle pisoti yard. ',Ii:l'tatdi',,ards .bcsrnfe ?rencilio d to : the sight, and within: tl he list f divi:dly:'atsciem ed it loung foikthe 1. h lioui" t o coim.t: Of lintu his witia :'hiid visited: laim .eveiy diy and prayed ti itl-himln.: "Hi'e eined 'allii'lcots thiit 'she should join lhie 1pra3ers wtlit his. Itis deedhss to, reimnaik' thi hdriet lim desite in this 'esiiect. i Ca ion aii idi'd liiia dt i ing o Tusdiayt' etiernooiijC? iid his (ifi visited hini eiiily- in ;ti. h:aft a no h.i Slhit left alout 4ot'clock fot the s? ?sti li on' ca tdi, Thie panii-c betn en t.hemit , a!ih s vm-i;y .all'ct- ing.: • : ahortly af'tt' i ,'ir:'Ju Jr l'ukvi1 and1 :1lr HIlautley iwcin· at'itendance''.: rh", lelft a?bioit ,Lalfl pinst: 6 o'clock, a;lrld Tlt Cii·Ps?i' re)'liinedd; wiith" him: fort aiibout iiinothei* hlu, Al' ii' rtle v adid ?t?i Jinkyi i ielcunidie-nihid :celil t lt I btioi n I o'blocl( iii the ?ioiafig. Auh ibihldl exiseghetitia i.i .di to ritmaiin up all night;, biu t: as pesudl? d io :take .Sonii atest:,.i i. sh lit unitil abhout :haltpast 4 oloclksand M1ei?ms lHlritlyn arid Jeilkyn iieiire liaiiiii with hiintit 5: iclUck, i'r oi wliich time :ulntil itiqarteitr Ipastif t they td: iidndcl piayled wiitlalimi and ; sa?tg the wiell linownili'iii miTlicre is a'hcaven of po'leli b d'-elight ,' ? il?ci lthi ·I;-t 1 :Cai'toln satiedid, ind :wis cngaged with tlimh utistil the, :i'ons we.re kIckld ,off;. Diuirilg this opei'a~ ti;an A rclliald appleadtld ite esit ined to his: flate Hei-iptissed himseluas.: very-grateiul ti ill thlie jail officials, sipecially to:Mri Doi ielvy,;- faiWr thu. kindness shown himo dimrinig liis icifitinetii.?c 'T'hic. boutli-?' ts'rd'rmovi d Sfr.i termnit to thI?'elieeitery i"?:es teidiaty oitenoon. Thiie ;fuiti nil w.sit.?mi ier" otislv :itteiled t?lie unisitit i:vi iiid.haiai tiuddtd hum in liws ltr nmoweafftl idltAittilig on the occasion. Alexander Archibald was ,a nativde of Forfarsliii.e in, Scotlaind Tfrim whence lie camlein 1851i to 1New Zealand, when?ie iWasil10 years :of age .; _moved ?after a ntite to Casitle:uaitie, then to Gilpps Land, then toi M:Ielbourn.e anid IBeech w orth, and 'next to' T'hile :-taticini on the' :IMrr.ui, in New Soii tlh WalLs;, thlien to3Bendigo, where he got' itarried in? :1852 moved to ])un eadin, in New Zealand,;iui 18i33, and. camne to hRdckliamptoni in aliidch,1864 1-e uui' disitaundthat Ai?chibitald told ?. persni here, falsely as., it :seenias, thiit he was in, South A istrulia befor he:- enme to lRockhalmnpton a n dthat: he carme til h'iee . bdenuie wh ilst a youngster lie :had ennmitttedan ii.IIault on a pl iceman ot a ireci'Ise i :South iAustral ia, nd hlid to oid thL conisisLqicus;s °Sinbe lie:' al·ivt.d ! lhere b has. ubn: en ang;elid in hoisei ddalin';g, atilnd at eiery raic meetiing he asai ji ierminrent andh noisy figiii Ahinti the cid of lite yeaIli; e took :the Lion Creek: -,b tel, ;aild it iias: tllie ,tlitt: the: Ilaitu :ias iiatiured.whichl .estilteli in Illiga '. niur dir?_au nd his owiw diath on :the -gillivs. :Rocklanlitnii Blilletiii; Dceinber 23 -: 