UNDER THE SPELL. BY PREDERICK WILLIAt ROBINSON. CHAPTER III. Mm. Edmund Hlarlington Lonceford was pre pared to receive his youngest son in a hand somely furnished chamber, the windows of which commanded the frozen lake and th, avenues of limes: a gaily furnished cham bar, even, and a vivid contrast to the dark ex teriorof the mansion. Pictures in massive frames upon the walls, vases, and statuettes, and delicate carvings under glass shades, in various parts of the room, silken hangings falling from gilt cornices above the windows, some expensive Wedgewood ware and Dres den china sprinkled about the mantnrelpiece. There was a vase of exotics on the centre table, and Mr. Lancsford, with hiis back to the fire, and his hands behind him, stood on the hearth-rug and seemed to be admiring it, " Master Lanceford has arrived, sir," an nounced a servnnt. " I shall he very glad to see him." Master Lsnceford, followed by his brother Edmund, shortly afterwards made hIis alp pearance, ran to his falther, and was lifted up in his arms to receive a paternal kiss in the centre of hIis forehead. " Welcome, William Ernest, to the Limes. MIy dear Edmund, will you oblige me by're tiring? It will take you an hour to dress for dinner in a proper manner. We dine at four precisely, neither in our shirt- sleeves nor in sbooting jackets." "I'll come out like a gentleman, MIr. Lanceford,-like a-trump, I was going to nay, hut I won't; " and with an incipient slamn to the door, Mr. Edmund Lanceford withdrew. SCome to the fire, William Ernest; you must feel cold after your long journey." " No, papa. I found it rather chilly in tihe railway carriage; but the ride home has set me all in a glow," replied the son. " It was kind of you to send Frisk to Dorchester, sir." "Frisk, Prisk," repeated Mr. Lancford; ' who's Frisk ?" "L The pony, sir." "Ah ! the pony-ves. I thought you would he glad to see Frisk again." Mr. Lanceford had not thought anything of the kind; hut he took the child's thanks for his consideration, nevertheless. hr. Lanceford dropped into his easy chair, and Willie came and stood by bis side, and leaned his head against his shoulder. There was certainly affection in the manner with which the father's arm drew the boy to his side. " And what improvement have you made since midsummer, William ?" said Mr. Lance ford. " Why I have grown an inch and a half, and I've got the history prize, and if it had not been for Harry Perks I should have brought home the good condlct medal." " And who's Harry Perks ?-and why did he prevent you scoring an honour in that art which my children have never excelled in? " T'he lip curled a little as he spoke; hut William Lanceford was too full of his sub ject to pay much heed to his father's de meanour. " Harry Perks got up to his larks with my silkworms,-bid them all in my Sunday habut, and I flew into a bad temper and I fluhog the bat at him, just as we were ready for ch}urch." " You must have been in a pious frame of mind, that morning, William Ernest." " I was sorry for it directly afterwards, sir -especially as it hit him rather hard on the nose." "Directly afterwards,-ah ! that's a Lanceford tailing ! If we could only stop the minute before the fault, the weakness, the sin, and not tear our hair and gnash our teeth, when remorse hisses out' it is done! ' " Mr. Lanceford was looking very intently at the fire. He had almost forgotten the son at bis side. " But I only lost a medal; it was a trum pery bit of bronze, after all-just hlke a bad penny, papa. Harry and I are the best friends still." "That's right, bear no malice, mon filse; and forgive the man who steals the falresot silkworms away from us. By the way, Wil liam - The boy looked up as his father paused. "When did you see your mamma last?" " One half-holiday last month, I went to Uncle Pembereast's." " I hope you spent a pleasant day there?" " O ! it is always pleasant with mamma she's so kind, sthe's so fond of me. I wish she wouldn't It so snxilns about me, thourh." added Willie rleectively. " Anxious about ollr stldies, of cou'rse ? " " No ; anxious that I should not grow up and forget her-as if that were likely, or as if anyone ever forgot to love his mother, pa i" "A moral impossibility; but," he asked, after a Ipaust-" is not your dear mamma, afraid, William, that you shotuld forget to love toe too ? " " I-I don't think she said much about that, air." "Ah! protnbly not. But she is of a more fearful nature, William Ernest, titan I am; for you are my son, and I trust you." 'The boy looked up at his father naffection ately. " I am not of a suspicious nature; I lake my boy's word that he loves me and am con tent. He takes his father's word, and trusts in it, knowintg it is spt ken for his good." "Yes," said the boy, quickly. "Now, go and dress for dinner, like a young gentleman." " I don't think my boxes have come yet, papa." "Well, get rid of your travel-stains; yot have not forgotten the way to your old room ?" " No, no; I have a capital memory." Thie boy departed, and the ftther drew his chair closer to the fire, rested his htands tlpott his knees, and looked into the depths of the red coal. Somethiing that his boy I had said set tiim tthinking very deeply, totk him thr taway frtom tits present, soweti wrinkles in the hIigh white firehetad, and closed tile lilts firtuly tn eachl otloer. 'IT'here was more life in the tig diatmond on Mlr. Lancetordi's filtger,-it settned leaping out of its sotting in the fire. light,--thunt in the still figure in the volverlt chatr. T'he first dinner.bell rtacg nod roused IMr, Lanolord from hin reverie, Horose and went out of the room like a gboet, his slipperedtl feet falling noiselessly upon the carpet. Meanwhile Willie, in his own room was arranging himself for dinner, when a tap at the deor announced a visitor. " Come in," cried Wtllie; and a very slim, pale-laced youth, some three years his senior, entered thle aartment. " What, Nathan !i-I was just thinking of you." "Were you?" was the reply, in the weakestvoice imaginable; "that is kind of you, William-thank you." Nathan walked slowly across the room towards his brother. They shook hands to gether; then Nathan drew a chair very close to the fire and shivered over it, while Willie put his collar straight. Nathan Lanceford was not a fair speci. men of an English youth, and formed a striking contrast to his elder and younger brothers. The air of Dorsetshire had planted .i;'Y roses on his cheeks, but had given him? pale, pinched expression of feature, and darkened him beneath his eyes. He was a sickly-looking lad, and the wayin which he wore his hair-long and straight to his shoulders-did not add any charm to his general appearance. "When did your school break ul at t? " "Last Wednesday." "Any fun?" " They had what they called fun in the playground. I didn't see much fun in it myself; it was too rough for me." " O, I like rough play sometimes." "'I don't; it hurts so." " You're pretty well in health, I suppose, Nathan? " asked Willie, pausing some hair-brush manipulations, and looking at his brother doubtfully. "Don't I look so ? " said Nathan with a wealk smile. "0, yes, I'm well enough. People tell me how white I am, and how thin I am, and that I'm moping myself to death. I never mope." " I should think not." "Papa says I'm not like a boy,-that I read too much, and think too much; and that he shall keep the library looked if I don't behave myself; but then you can't please papa in everything; and Edmund's boy enough for the two of us. Isay, Willie, the first bell has rung some time," and he started to his feet with a look of dismay. "' You had better make haste. We have no company this week, and papa will dine with us." Willie burst into a loud laugh. " What's the matter ?" "Somebody has been playing tricks with you, Nathan. That's my brother Ned, for sixpence." " I dare say he has," with another feeble smile; "he's always so boisterous. He came into my room to borrow something, I remember now. I suppose it's something pinned behind, Willie? " "Yes,-ha! ha!-it's a towel, I think." "Will you please take it off?-thank you, Willie. It was very foolish of Ed mund, I think; very unkind too, because he knows I don't like it." He was proceeding to leave the room when the object of his censure dashed in uncere moniously. "I say, Willie, two minutes more young shaver and you'll upset the governor's dig nity for the rest of the evening. Hollon, Nathan, so you are here to do the amiable, at last ?" " I am not deficient in----" Nathan stopped and looked with amaze ment at his brother. Edmund Lanceford was certainly dressed for dinner that partic ular evening, though where he had procured that enormous white neckerchief was a puz zle to Nathau. Everything was en regle ex cept the white tie, and that was of panto mimic proportions, and stretched to an enor mous distance on each side of his neck. "Are you going down stairs in that, Ed mund ?" asked Nathan. "In this choker, doyou mean? To be sure I am. Papa likes white ties; he said no vyesterday." " But that's so large." "Papa said nothing about the size, and this was the smallest I could find. I fancy it looks very genteel myself ; " and Edmund Lanceford took a further survey of it in Willie's dressing-glass. "I wouldn't keep it on, if I were you." "There's only a choice between this and a salmon- coloured stock with blue spots. I say, Willie, look alive. Pzopriety, my boy; propriety." Willie was ready, and the three brothers hastened down stairs to the stately dining roomof the Lancefords. Master Edmund, with great gravity, was the first to enter the room and to take the butler unawares. That functionary, who was drawing the corks of some bottled ale at the side-board, dived his head out of sight at once, and was seen to shake a little fat leg behind him spasmodically. Mr. Lanceford, sitting at the head of the table, surveyed his son and made no comment; and the liveried menials bringing in the dishes glided about with purple complexions and mouths shut very tight indeed. The dinner commenced and was pro ceeded with in ceremonious fashion. It was a silent meal, however, at which Mr. Lanceford presided; and what it lacked in ease it made up in stateliness, and there fore pleased M]r. Lanceford. Once or twice the younger boys glanced at their father, as if to read on his smooth, fair face, the im pression made by Edmund and his huge cravat; but Mr. Lanceford's countenance was not an easy one to read, and had puz zled in its time children of a larger growth. Edmund Lanceford paid strict attention to the courses, was scrupulous and exact in his deportment, and preserved a gravity of ex pression throughout dinner-time which might have been real, or an artful carica ture of his father-accordiug to the fanoyof observers. The dinner was concluded at last, and Willio noticed that his brother Nathan had done fiar from justice to the good things placed before him, and had not returned from school with all a schoolboy's appetite. The willse and dessert were placed on the table, the servants retired, and shut father and sonts together. Mr. LnreeLord looked at the young gen tlenman withl the cravat. " It is not very often that I trouble my chi!dreou to dine with me, for it is seldom mny engagements will allow of that pleasant little mortification." The sons of Lancoford had nothing to avy in reply to this observation,. "'I'had a hope that my children, actoe-.! tomed early to tile habits of society, would grow up gentlemen; that my eldlest son would he the first to show the Lancefoird blood in hlim, and set a fair exampleo to hlis younger brothers. Pleasant and comfiort ing it is, not to bIe disaippointerd in one's.ex pectations. May I ask, ;-'Mr. Edmund, where you found thalnt jack- towel ?P "Whet jack-towel, IMr. Lancoford ?" "I allude to thiat ornimonialiippendago around your neck: a very' hunlmouroue con ceit, and w.orthv of the brilliant mind.that framed it. Will you please to give us the signal to laugh ?-we would not be so de ficient in politeness as to throw cold water on your efforts to amuse us." "O! I don't want you to laugh, 'if you're not inclined, sir," said Edmund, colouring a little; "but you were rather hard with me yesterday about that shooting-jacket, and I thought I'd have a little fun out of my evening dress." " Ah! I fear I am too easy with you, lads; I would have brought you ulip as my enPnanions, and lo, familiarity breeds the &.d 3 contempt! Unwise is the father who " is hail fellow, well met,' with his sons." Mfr. Lanceford was not a bad hand at moralieing, although his aphoriams were not always suitablle to the occasion. Mr. Lanceford was not a harsh father, for:the reason that hlie detested tronlle more than anything in tlhe womld. He lhad not been "hail follow, well met," with his sons--had, in fact, seen too little of them in his:life,' and left them to school-mneters and private tutors, who were paid to train them up in the way they should go. They went their. own way to a considerable extent, for it was a hboro to reason with. them. and painful to Mr. Lanceford's nerves to reprove.them. There would he time enough to check them he thought; they would outgrow .boyish follies without his interference. When any thing serious transpired,-anything serious meant when they disturbed him and his pleasnures,--thoen he would step foirward and be firm as the rock. "We will change an unpleasant sihject," remnrked rMr. Lanceford; "my bov .aire not always home for the holidays, and hea yen knows who directs their inanners abroad!l I have an idea in my heand con cerning the future education of you three young gentlemen, of which I will inform form yolu another day; for the presient let us banish care to the shadows. Nathani, my dear son, you give me tie horiors: take some grapes, drink some wine, and look lively." SThe father leaned forvard nand clipled 'at the stalks of the grapes, and pickIed oiiut the finest punch for his own conRslmption? In that little action, and.in the care ovith which he poured his own glass of port frim the doe canter, was there any clue to Mr. TJIance ford's character? l"Don't he too free with tlhe winie 'lads, he said, after a time; "I'm not qiite cer tain of the effect: it may have after two glasses. May I ask if any of' yo y0oung gentlemen have sketched out a plan foiithe next monthl's amnsements ?" "Well, I have thought of one'ortwo thine,," ohserved Edmund. " Not always having the pleasure of your company at the Limes," continued the parent, " I nm very willing todo my hbest to entertain you during your holidays. We musthave afew friends to onliven ie.in Dorset, and when Dorset grows too dull for us, why if you are kind onough to behave yourselves, we'll emigrate to Mayfair, which is a convenient distance from the pantom impsI "? Edmund and Willie hrightened up 'at this, and cried, "capital!" Nathan did hot care a great deal about pantomimes, they :were so noisy; he liked Hamlet beht. But even Nathan gave way after his thfid. 'e.glas. which was filled on the sly by Ed mund, who was aui fait with the decanter and drank his wine like a man of the wo'rld, end talked of London and the fine sights to be seen there. "You will not leave the .lpantomimes till the last weekl, papa ?" said Willie. Mr. Lancford inquired the reason of that question. "Because I promised mamma to spend a week with her at Brighton before I go back to school. I wouldn't disappoint her for the world." Mr. Lanceford held .his wine to the light, and was silent a moment. "tight, William Ernest, right-study the wishes of your best friends," he said at last. "We will manage not to disappoint mamma." Why the mention of mamma's name should suggest thoughlts of William Ernest's luggage, did not appear at the moment; but the next question of our hero-yes, Wil lie Lanceford is the hero of our story hook iwas about hIis box with the brass nails, and '.whether it had arrived yet. O! how he wished that box had come. Mr. Lancoford rang the bell and made the necessary inquiry of the lackey. Yes, .the box had arrived, and was at that moment in the hall. " O ! if it might be brought into tile din ing-room! He lhad broglht some little presents for them all--" Ohristmas loxes you know: might James blring in the box with the brass nails, please, papa ? " James received the required permission, and in due course the box was deposited on the dining-table among tilhe wine-glasses and dessert-plates, whore it looked ratloher an awkward ornament, withll a blo patch on the side marked I WaVterloo to Dorchester." Willie was in high spirits; the port wine, the arrival of hisa box, the future prospect of pantomimes, had made his eyes sparklle and his cheelks flush, and he stood on the clhair rubbing his little hands together and clhuck ling with delight. Tile father leaned back in his chair, and watched him with a pleased smile; it was a novel sensation to be surrounded by his children, to see them happy; and his heart heat somewhat faster. He had sought happiness in a good many ways, good and bad, but he did not remem ber feeling more comfortable than just at that moment. It was very strange whly lhe should feel so quietly halppy sitting thero, with none of the friends who vilued hirs society and loved to heaor him talk, at his elbow. Once Ilis fce shaldowedl for an in "stant as an unpleasant remiuniRiseo fell on his brain; but it 'was shakeni off like a water drop. He did not like ghosts stalking un bidden to the feast. "Now tlhen," cried Willio, "all in to begin, as Harry Perks snys. Hero is the key of the blue chamber-did you over read Blue Beard, papa; the man who served his 'wiv.e out ?" Mr. Lanceford flinched. A shaft from this Lilliputian, shot at random, as it wore, struck him and made him smart for the mo meat as he sat thiere. '' An interesting story with a two-edged moral. Yes, I have road it." "I can't say I like it much myself," said Nathann. :" O! you are not old enough to under stand it," said Edmtind: tor his brother; "hero- pass your glass.' ' : 'No, thankl:you," said Nathan1 hosi tating. But the glass was replenished despite Nathan's objections, and presently the quiet lad began to sip his wino and look at the wax-lights in a knowing manner. "Now, attention, please," commanded Willie, unlocking the box and opening it, "you mustn't expect anythiug very slap very fine," Ihe corrected, catching sight of his father's elevated eyebrows; " for pockltet money is scarco at breaking-up time, and if it had not been for mamma you milght have come off shorter tlan you have. Here, Ed mund, catch !" and a handsomely-bound volume went spinning towards his eldest brother, who adroitly caught it, opened it, and hIrst into a laugh. "' Milton's Poems!--By George, here's tough work for a follow. I say, WVillie, is not this bringing coals to Newcastle ? Why there is a Milton--fifty Miltons.for what I know-in the library." "Is there??' said-Willie, disconsolately; "I did not thinkl of that. And IT'forgot too you weren't very fond of reading." Ned was quick enough to see. the shadow on-his brother's face.'. SWell, I'll read it for your sakle, Willie, and kIeep it too, in lavender, andI'm very much obliged to you, old fellow. ' I hope you have written my name in it.' "Yes," said Willie, fishing in the .box again, "in my best round hand, on the yel low leaf. I'm afraid it has run a little, tliough. Here, Nathran.' Somethingin a:paper that looklted like a pair of boots, and which Nathan took with a mild thanlk you, ilhd'proceeded to deprive of its. wrappings. ,Villie rtood on the chriir watching thie operation nervously; the first rehuff had made him douhtful of the success of his presents. But Nathan was a more thought!ul youth than his brother Edmund, or the wine ead sharpened hIisfauoulties that evening. "A trap, bat, and ball-mahogany' trap, too.; well thatisekind of you, Willio; just, thie thing for inme at school."': "I'll bet you sixpence you don't nnder stanid it,". said Edmund. "Simple as possible, my dear Ned," said: Nathan, quite vivoilously. "Loolk h:lierei now-the ball goes tlihere, and:you strike this ond of the trap with the batsb, and-O, mulrdet! " : lThse ball had shaved Mr. IRanceford's left whrisker, and gone thlrough.the loolkina-glass on the .rmantelpies .belind. ,him. Nathan looked in: a half- silly, Ihalf-frightened, man nor at. Iri fatrer, who turned round, ssur veyed for a moment tir'round hole made by the hall, thien shrugged' ihis shoulders, and resumed hris former position. i Anc!: unfortunate choicie of presents, Wil liam Ernest," said he, "and likely to pirove rather exprenive to me. -,Upon my word, Edinmund' turning to that young gertloman, "your. 'sense :of. humour is particularly actte." Edmrnd was' in convulsive throes of larigrter; ;I sr satSwellirug:and. turning pur ple, and writhing.onthis chair. " Natliitri'E 80h' i uff,' sir." "Tiraht's t. e!! "' drisd Nrthai, 'su ddenly firing up to tile amazement of them all; "a muff!i 'a fool, and nobody 'ever called me thiit'i. nobody.over will when I grow up. If 'I:can't playtlhiistru'mpery tlhing--" 'Mr. Lanceford haimmered the table gently with a pair of silver nutcrnckers. '"Gentlemen, my wine has been too po tintefor you, and you have not exercised a fair' discretion in thie drinking thereof. I regiret to propose an adjournment to tihe drawing-room, where some strong tea, fol lowed immediately by an early bed, may makle you presentable objects in the morn ing." "Wine too potent for me! " cried ld mtnd with a hiccup: "that's a good one, that is." Edmund had talked or drunk his enor mous tie uinder his ear, where it hung lank and drooping, and lookled very intoxicated indeed, even if its master's sleepy eyes and flushed face had not warranted Mr. Lance ford's insidious allusions. But the father would not argue thie point, and wished to close the wine-bibbing ere his sons began to quarrel among themselves or became incap able of finding their way to the drawing room. He rose. "One moment, papa; I am not at tihe end of my presents; there's one more, you know." "But I did not know, my son." "Ah ! but there is." "I pray the gods for better fortune with it," said he lightly. "Is it for me ? " "iYou are thie most thoughtful of sons, and of brothers," he remark d; "''nd," with a visible yawn, "I am all impatience for the oracle to speakl." A small packet neatly sealed was tendered him by Willie, who dropped on his knees and leaned asroes the hox to watch his father's countenance. Willie had no doubt of that present pleasing his father and win ning thie warmest thariks. He had reserved that sbonne bousche till the last. Thie paper envolope dropped, and a small morocco ease made its appearance. "It's Willie's portrait," shouted Ed mund. " WVillie is the most extravagant of mor tals," addned Mr. Lanceford, opening the case. One little start-a red flush and an angry frown, there and gone like magic, and then Edlmund Harlington Lanceford, Esq., standing with his back to the fire, the pic ture of a well-bred gentleman. "Isn't it like lifo, papa? " cried Willie. "It seemed leaping towards me when I opened the case," said hre. "Yes, it is a striking likeness, and comes upon one like a Ilessing unprepared for. Thank you, Wil lie, thnnktr you." He did not raise hris yRes from the portrait -eyes which flashed a little, but doubtless withi delight. WVillie Iclkted his box and sat down in silence. He was a boy hard to pilease; oven the recejption which thie third present had nmet with seemed scarcely to content him. " May I take the liberty of asking, Wil lie, how this came into your possession ?" inquired the father, "Mamma sent it to my school on0 day, and.such a pretty letter with it," said Wil lie, in reply; "shel thoiught I should like to keep it for her sake, and that it would re mind me of her when we were apart." " And you east away the gift, William; is not that ingiatitude? " "I have a copy,". cried Willie exilt ingly, "a photogrniplih you can't tblfl one from the other, the man said I shouldn't." "I would have booeen: content with the copy-this is robbing you." "No, no," said Willie; "you want the portrait more than I do, papa." Mr. Lance ford looked up for the first time. "How is that ?" "You never see mamma," exolaimed Willio; "she is always too ill to come to the Limes." "' Right," was the moody answer. Edmund and Nathan sat side by side and looked at the decanter they had finislhed hbe tween them. How much or how little those boys kInew of the filmily secret is hard to guess; but they sat there and were conscious it was a painful subject to the sire, and one on which it was dangerout ground to tread. " Don't wait for me, childron," said Mr. Lanceford at last; "I will join you shortly in the drawing-room." The boys took the hint and rose to de part; Edmund had drurnk the most wine, but Nathan was the most unsteady on his logs. They went out arm-in-nrm,; Willin, inclined to be thoughtful, following in thle rear. They were standing on the leopard's skin before the drawing-roomn door, and Edmund was laughing hoisterously at Nathan's mnild inquiry for the handle, which " liad got moved somehow," when Mr. Lanoceford's hand fell lightly on the shoulder of his youngest son. "If you proceed so slowly, WVillio, in the world, you will find yourself in the back ground and your friends winning all the prizes." Willie murmured something about the school prize hlie lhad not yet shown his father, and then asked more eagerly if hlie had the portrait safe. " Safe as life, William Ernest," said he witlh a. light laugh; "no one dare lay hland upon that gentle mother's face of thine." SWhat was that crackltling and flaring in the great dining-room fire which had been recently so wildly poked at ? W'Vhat was it that tile butler, standing on the carpet roses, stooped to look at, after locking up the de cantors of the Lancefords? OTIAPTER IV. Mr. Lancford kept Iris word with his sons, and did his best to entertain them during their holidays at Dorset. They were allowed overy license by their parent, and the domestics of the establishmelnt found a considerable portion of time taken up in at tending to the wants of at least two of the young gentlemen. ThIe servants received orders and obeyed them with alacrity were profuse in their expressions of ploasure at seeing the young masters home again, and only shlowed their discontent in the servants' hull, whore the general opinion was that Master Edlmund made the place " a little 'ell upon hearth," and that M]aster Willie wasn't much better, for the only time he wanted to hbe quiet, was when his brother wouldn't let him. The servants of the house of Lanceford liad lhad experience of Miaster Edmund's eccentricities for throe weeks prior to the ar rival of the two younger sons, Edmundl Lanceford having deemed it fitting to resent a flogging he lhad received for inattention, by walking out of the Collegiate School, Lneamington and malting for the Limes, whither hle arrived in the course of the week so sagged and dusty that Mrs. Dorn ton, at the Lodge, told him there was no thling to be given away and lhe had better go about his business. Mr. Lanceford treated this oscapade in the usual way; it was very wrong of Edmund Lanceford, and he would have preferred his remaining at Leamington and kIeeping a good boy; but it was the boy's destiny to be rash and ungovernable, and perhaps the master was in fault; he would inquire fuirthor into it when he had the time to spare. It is ques tionable, such is the inconsistency of human nature, whether the grumbling servants bo low stairs would not have been sorry to part with lMaster Edmund, despite the trouble he gave them: certainly one or two of the prettiest housemaids,-snlthough he was " an impudent young monkley," " and ought to have been ashalmed of himself!"-did not object to his visits to the lower regions, where hIe tore their caps and their gathers in chasing them round the dressers and tables, and one day set the "whole house up in harms"-quoting the butler's com plaint to Mr. Lanceford--by appearing with a large bough of mistletoo and kissing the maids all round, including even the cook, who was fifty years of age, and who threatened to scald him, but didn't. Then he gave his orders with invariable good temper, and with always a " there's a good fellow;" and a fair word and a laIughling face uo as far with domestics as with most people. Out of doors with the gamekeeper, or in the stable with the grooms, he was decidedly a favourite, for he was free with his tips, when he lhad any tips to be free with, and he treated them all as his equals. Jemmy Dornton, the coachman, who was a hard man at times, but who had lived long enough in the family to believe there was no house like the Lancefords', thought there was only one boy in the world at all equal to "that Ned," and that was "that Willum!" Perhaps that Willum did not improve during his holidays, with that Ned for a companion; seventeen and twelve are scarcely fit associates, more especially when seventeen sets a doubtful exampln. There was a great deal of his half-brother's nature in Willie Lanceford, and it is the weakness of boyhood to copy one's senior. Frankr and generous as his brother Neld, almost as impulsive, equally as bold in his way, the younger chlild posessed a more affectionate heart, and lhad always a thought, which Edmund seldom ihad, fr the feelings of others. fow long that affection and crnsilerateness might last with so in considerate a companion was douttfil. Mr. Lancefird, who appeared more in terested in Willie than his older sons, poee sibly saw the danger of this companionship, and tooklt Willio for long rides, till he grow tired of the efforts that drew him away from his library-for lie was a studious man at times-and his shooting, and his visits to his grand neighbour., And Nathaln all this time kept in his own room, or to the books of his fathor'elibrary. -on did not care for the hounds, like Ed mund, and he would as soon have trusted himself in a balloon nas on Willis's Shetland pony; every offort to get him from the house seemed to give him pain, and when he was forced or cajoled to join his brothers, he walked by their side absorbed in thoughts of his own. He was tile quiet one of the family, knoping his affec tions very deep down in his heart, and maklting no demonstration; cold, reserved, and only thoroughly pleased when loft to go hiis own way. His brother Edmund called him "a great girl," which compliment Nathan returned by calling him " a great pig," when there was a door locklted and bolted between them. Perhaps Mr. Lance ford had more reason to be proud of Nathan than the rest, for that son always returned home with a box full of prizes, and Optima engraved on his schoolmasters' reports; but Mr. Lanceford was a mann of few signs, and did not exhibit any favouritism towards the clever one of his house. The holiday time passed on, parties weore given at the LimOes, and overybody enjoyed himself but Nathan, who, sitting with his white kids in a corner, presented rather a miserable object, andt wias not to be roused under any pretence whatever; juvenile par ties were returned by the gentry of Dorset, andl the children of Lanceford were whirled off in the family carrirgo to participate in the festivities. Willio found the time pass very pleasantly, and three weeks of his holidays had nearly ran their course before he was thinking of the dear mamma waiting for him on the Sussex coast. Throee weeklts, and they were only just thinking of London and the pantomimies! "'We must ipositively start for London next week," said Mr. Lanceford. " But-mamma l " " I idon't fetter your inclination, William Ernest," said the fiatther; "you aire free to depart to Brighlton whenever you please, despite my idea that a day will make little difference." " Well, it won't make much difference." "And Brighton is a dreary place, Wil liam, and there is only Uncle Pomboroast to keep your spirits up." "Uncle Pombercast-O my! " " And cousin Amy,-although very young to be a playfellow of yours." "I don't liltke playing with girls," said Willie. " Still you can bathe." Willie's teeth began to chatter at the idea; but his fikther would not dissnandle him from seeing his mamma; let hia decide for him self. So Willie Lanceft-d tlhought one ray would really makelt no difference, and it was rather hIard to have a chance of seeing a pantomime and give it up for the sea-side in January. Heo would stop just one day. His mamma liked to hear tlhat he was happy l That one day was forced to bn two, for business of importance detained Mr. Lance ford at the last moment in Dorset, and the final week of Willie's holidays was two days old when they wore rattling up to London. In the first-class carriage which the father and his three sons had to themselves, Mr. Lancreford mentioned the" plan concerning the future education of his children,-a plan to which he had alluded on the firot night of Willie's arrival. Edmind and Nathan were growing up fast, and before they repaired to college to complete their education, he intended to ihave a private tutor to the Limes, and keep his sons under his own eye, nntil such time as he thought them sufficiently advanced in their studies to proceed to Oxford or Cambridge. "O! I don't care about studying any more," said Edmund, bluntly. "I am sick of tutors, and the sight of Latin and Greek makes me ill. And as for college-catch me wearing a mortar-board on the top of my head " "You are very welcome to grow up a dunce, if you please," said Mir. Lanceford; " thie tutor will arrive at the Limes never theless, and you may obey him or not, ac cording to your humour. I shall have done my duty, and you will, as a matter of course, have neglected yours." " But when I am twenty-one----" "There, there, we know what is to happen whon you are twenty- one. You will be your own master then, and a gentleman or dunce of property, as the case may be. We were discussing the suliject of education; does it suit you, Nathan ?" "Very well indeed, sir; a private tutor at home will be so much more comfortable than remaining at school." "You will miss your schoolfellows, Nathan ? " "I never cared for one of them, papa." "I shall have to ask you the question some day, Willie," said Mr. Lanceford, "for the plan of dividing my sons proves a failure." " What, give up my school, and-Harry Perkls !" "Possibly." The Lancfords arrived in London late in the afternoon, and proceeded direct to their town house in Mayfair. After dinner Mr. Lanceford complained of fatigue, and Jemmy, who had arrived by the same train, was sent away again with the carriage. The visit to Drury Lane was positively fixed for the morrow, the third day of Willie's last week, and Willie went dispirited and pantomimeless to bed. Whether Willie Lanceford had had bad dreams, or received "a call," or felt his conscience preying on him, did not appear at breaklfast-time. Ho brenlakfasted with his brothers; but was as silent as Nathan, and stared at his reflection in the silver coffee biggin, as thoughl it were hlis fetch. " I say," cried Eulmund, who had usurped the easy chair, and was turning over tlhe Times withl great attentiort, " what's the matter with you follows ? Have you had a row ? " " I never have a row," said Nathan. " WVillio's nabbed tie rtust, then." " Nabbed what?" cried Willio. "Taklen the huff. Who has hurt your feelings, Willin? " " Nobodyly; I only feel a little dull, Ned," oxplhined lie. "I shall be better in a mirlnto." " IIHere, I'll road you the programme for Drury Lneo this ovening,-Rattnctioni ! " Elimund recited the particulars of the entertainnent offered to the public, atnd Willio and N?athan listened attentively, WVillio brihtening up whien Edlmund retad of the " Dowors of Bliss in the Silver Sspangled Realms of the Sunny Islands," whonr the tranosformation took place, and tile fun hogan. "'It will he very pretty,'"' afirmed WVillio, rubhing one hand over tile other. "I don't think I shall like it much," said Nathan. " What's the good of panto mimos ? " WVillie. relapsed into thought again, and presently, when. Edmund had found some thing interesting intlho paper, and Nathan hld drawn a pocket volume from some secret receptaclo, and was poring over -it with his head between his hands, Willie slid off his chair, went silently to the hat-tree in the hall, put on his cap, and walked into the street. WVillio know M?ayfair well enough, and found his way without any difficulty to a narrow lane at the back of his father's hIouse, where wore a nunmber of etahles, and a greater number of grooms and stabls-boya. There was considerable bustle in that damp, stone- paved laneo; all Mayfair had boon out lolidty-malking yesterday, and carriiages wore being washed and horses rubbed down in every direction. Willio came to the Lanceford carriage at last, and stood watching a slim, loose jointed youth dash buckets of water at oneo of the hind-whlooeels, and charge it with a mop. "Jommtny's boy," said Willie at last. "WhTOre's Jommy ?" Jonmmy's boy touched his front look of hair to the young master, anld answeoroed, "'in the stableos." Willio watched the wvathing process, and triedt to count the re volultions of the wheel a little longer, then went into the stable opposite, with his ihands in his pocket, and a very woo-begone ex pression of cotltonanllce. Jnaimy, it his shirt-sleeves, and with his apple- face of a glow, was ruhbing down the horses and hissing melodiously.. Jnammy was an opinionated man in the matter of hlorses; indeed hle lhad boon kniown to express a great many opinions on divers slubjects in his time; and woo to the man who dared to lay a hand on Mr. Lanco ford's horses, or Iknow anything about them, or tnderstand what ailed them, or what par ticolar bolusss were host for them, when they caught clid, or were " ouit of sorts," in any way. And Jemmy's Ihorses, as they were called, appreciated his attention, were only manageable in his hands, and evinced in no small degree their affection for the apple-faced coachman, who was tile first to Iid them good-morning and the last to look in at nighlt with a lnteorn andt make isure that they were warm and comfortable. Jemmy's voice, or Jommy's tread afir off, was the signal for his equine friends to whinny with emotion, and put their heads out of tile open half of tile stahlo door to look after him. Then there Was Jeomnmy's dog, a Wiry little wrotchl that hit at everything that was not a Lanceford, or Lanceford property, whoi came in for a fair share of Dornton and quadrupedal patronage, and who at the moment of Willis's entrance was comfort ably seated on the back of the mare hiii master was diligently grooming. "What, Master Willum Ernest!" said Jemmy, knuckltling hIis forehead after a fslshion he never sworved fromn in his most familiar moments; " any message from Mr. Lanaford ? " "No, Jammy." " nMvely out for pleasure, Master Willnit Ernest ? " lhe suggested. "That's all, Jommy," replied Willie?. "Yeto don't mind me here ?" ' " Why I ouiiht to be nedl to you, by tliis toime," said ,TJomray with a gril, as hlie re; seumod his hiissinig, and groaning, and " woing," and ' come over, Iiass ! " Willie watched the operation for a few minutes, as gravely as hIe had witnessed the wasliing of tihe carriage-wheel. Then he burst forth witlh- "I say, Jommy, I want to ask your ad vice." " Worry muchl ohligod to you, Master Willum; anything I can do in the way of advice you may rely on." "I always iused to come to you when I-I was in a fix, Jommy." "Ah! you used. Do you remember falling in tile lake and coming to the lodge for advice, becaute you feared your mother would he frighltened to death at the sight of you, Willum Ernest ?" " Ah! and you told me something about your mother, and how yoll managed once. You went straight homo, I thlinklr, for fear of catching the shakes." S"E'nctly nso." "iWell, it's about my mother again, Jemmv." "Well," said Jemmy, conceitedly, "if there is any ton-pie on whiolh I can coom out, its 'mother,' ,afster Willum." "My papa, you must understand, pro misnd me a pantomime." "Darn it h-the whole lot of it ? " "To see a pantomime, I should have said; don't be satirical, Jemmy, or I shall never get on." Jemmv looked pleased; he was rather proud of being satirical. "And of course I'm fond of seeing pan tomimes: and so I have stopped here a little too long I'm afraid, considering I pro mised mamma to spend my last week's holiday with her." " Ah! that's bad." Jemmy had finished his grooming, and was devoting his whole attention to the narrative. "I fancied one day and then two days would not make much difference, and now it has grown to three days, and I am to see the panttomime to-night." "That's four days to-morrow," said Jemmy, with the confidence of a Cooker, "leaving three for your mamma." "Yes, and I don'tcare so much about the pantomime now." "Just look'on hero," said Jemmy gravely; "I'll put a pul-lal case to you, Willum Ernest, which occurred to mo once. I can only put pal-lal cases, you understand, for it bean't Mr. Lanceordt's coachman's place to takeo one seldo or t'othor." " And it really happened ? " "Do you think it could be a pal-lal case if it ,hadn't? WVillie did not see thow it coltd very well; so Jenmmy, starnding in shirt-sleeves andt oratorical attitude, commenced his parallel. "All that passes in strHict confidence, and nothling aill to nIobody, as a mltter of coursn," heo beoan, by way of iprofce. "Now, then. WVhon I rwar a little Ito aboutt ten years amid a-halu old with black curly hair- '' " tWhy it's brown ! " " A.1l trouble, MaNstor Willum, and-the bheadache but don't interrupt, please, or you'll put me out and spile it. Wheo, I wor a little boy with-never mind what kind of colourod hair-I had a mother stopping at the Isle of--Dogs, down in the country nomewheoro, whore tile sea cooteas rolling in heautiful. And this mother wanted to see me the. Inast week of my holidays, jest as yours might,:and.my filthor had promised to tako me to Ducrow's to see the horses- for I was al'nays fond of horses from an infant in acrms lp'ards- nd I hadl told my father, jnst ans.you might, that it wor koind of him to think of taking me, and thank'ee too, I'd go." "And did you, Jemmy?" asked Willie breathlessly. "Well, a queer sort of cattle stopped me, Master Willum,-a kind of nightmare. I dreamt my mother wor ill, took sudden with something awful in tihe innards. and that lhoru hio was a-lying in her bhod unable to move, the doctor said, though shel couldn't keeop a limb of her still; anti she kept call ing out 'Willum'--Jommy, I mean 'Jommy, Jemmy,' till my hair rose on my lhead, and my eyes opened wide, and there I wor." " VlWhere ?" cried Willie, intensely in toroeted. "Where I wor hefoote I went to sleep, without my mother, who might be ill for what I know'd, and who doted on me more than anythink in lifo. I couldn't go to Duorow's after that, Willum Ernest; I wont etraiglht to my father, and Isaid,'fattheor, I've boen three days longer from my mother than I ought; will you let Jemmy see me safe into the Brighton train, for she may be ill, or fretting worry much to sooe mel! "Jemmy, you did right! " cried Willie in a high, state of excitement, and totally blind to any trifling errors in the construe tion of the story. "It's a case very like my dwn. You don't Iknow how determined it lhasn made me feel. And what did your father say?" "O! io said," said Jommy, giving a scratch to his lhead with the curry-comb, "Ihe said I war the Iostof boys." " And so will mine," siid Willio. "I'll find him at once, for I must go to Brighton directly. Didn't you feel, Jommy, as if all thie pantomimose-I moan all the crows and horses in tihe world, worn't worth a button after that ?" "I fnlt it would tiatn me sick to se 'em." "' Where's my pa n?": And, witith his chest heaving, his hands clenched, and hIis dark eye flashing, the boy marched out: of the stables, down the lane, into.the friont street, and up the steps of i his father's mansion. " Where's Mr. Lanceford," to tihe porter. "In the study, Mstoe \Villiam."ilt Minastor William, without evon the cere miny of klookit g, :biurst into his ftther's study a moment aftorwards.: Mr. Lia~ce word was nwriting when tli, dori wais fiing aic e,.niind hlieool1ced nip wnitli a loss amiable expoenion itian ius al at tIhe interiuption. "WVoll, Williamim'" atlior shaitply, ' what is it ? "I wish to speak to you, papa.' "I am Iniusy now, clhild, I shall mien the post if yoiu detain me." ' '': "Andt Ishill miesn the train, papa. . "' What train?! "I an, train that indit telce me to iiammiiin ; I promised toeptund?. a week with hern, ? I -:T hiaivirdjlt kep'tmiiy wordl i and I am a ILaneceford":" : '. . '" iBut .yin will never give up the panito mimet ? I lihave engnaged a hox, my son( and I have oboif flo iling forward to Ihe pleasure of tnkling you so ilong." =The fatheoraspokle with a strange earnest ness, andil the boy wavered. "0! papa, don't try to persuade me to stop.:: Thinlk how lonely mamma is." "She has her niece, Irothor, sistor-in law." "But she sees them every day, and me only two or throee tinmes a year. And she hasn't complainedl, or written to say how cruelI am. Papa, I will go !" Mr. Lanceford watcheld his son for a moment keenly, then said very slowly- "Go, then; I have no wish to thwart you." " Mny Jemmy take me to the train, sir." " Yes." The boy lookled wistfully at his father, then ran into his arms. "You are not cross with me for going? You wdoldn't like to hleoar that mamma was fretting about me ? " "No, no; I'm not cross, Willie," said tihe father with more tenlderness; "ibut you must.not love mamma too much, or let her teach you to forget me. There, go now. You will leave Brighton for your school, and I shall not soo you again for six months. Here is some pocket-money." And five sovereigns cliuked in the boy's hand. "You are very kind, papa. Good-bye." "Good-bye. Your school boxes shall arrive in time." When Willie had left the room to super intend the packing of a small portmanteau, and to surprise his brothers with his adieu, Mr. Lanceford struck his hand smartly on the desk. "Does he turn away lilke all the rest, and will he grow in like all the rest, untilial and indifferent ? Pious people," taking up his pen again, "would call this a judgment on moe." He glanced at the letter he had been in terrupted in, roached forth his hand, and tore it slowly and deliberately into fifty pieces. "Let her wait." Five minutes silent thought by the time piece ticklinc on tile mantelpiece, and then hie strnuck thie bell on thIe table. "Tell Master Edmnnd that I wish to see him !" he said to the footman. "Yes, sir." Thie man withdrew, and in due course Maastor Edmund stood at his father's desk, still wearing the surprised look whlich the suddtlon announcement of W?ibie's intention hadt loft upon his face. SGot your hat, and go with WVillie to the Brighton station. See him safe in thie train, and telegraiphI that hlie is on his way to Mrs. Lanenfiurd, Belle-vue Mansion, Brighton." "'In cii lodgiig there, sir ? " "So Willinam Earnest says." W illinm Ernesit had said nithing of the kitind, fir thIe rolnsn that thii question hlad never boon asnIed hlim; Itut EImlumi Har lington L tncefordl, Enq., know muore than the worll gave him credit for. Master Elmundsi received some money frontm his fither and witlhdrew. In a little while Joamny brought thIe carriage and pair to the house, and Mr. Lancoford stood bes hind the window-curtains and watched his eldest and Ilis yongest son depart. lie did I not stop to the front and wave another adieun to TVillio; but contentned himself with "blushing unseon " in the lshade, and por haps with wishing God speed to his boy on his journey. I say perhaps, for his wisihes lay deep in his heart, and his heart was not on his sleeve for the daws of the world to peck at. And yet hleosoliloquisod in lamlot fashion, too. "That boy will lo a trouble to me," lhe muttered; " oven now in his youth the will of the flodgling boats me off from the path I would lead him. It is the cloud no bigger than the hand; but it is thoroe !" That night whilst Mlr. Lancaford and sons sat in a private box of Drury-lano Theatre, Mr. Lancford yawning wnearily, Edmund lost in admiration ot the ballot girls, and Nathan fast asleep with his head buriod in the playbill, two figures wore standing on the balcony of a ]ouse that filcod a nurging moon-lit son. Two figures ibeneathl one heavy shawl, which drapedl the lnhead of the lady and was carefully wrapt round the dark-haired boy pressed warmly to her side. "Is not this better than a hot theatre, and a world of maskers mocking all that is good and true? " "It is a boautifuil night," said WTillio, "and they are half through the pantomime by this time. What fino games the clown is having now ! " " You are not sorry to be hero ? " cried thbomother. It was a jealous cry, and the boy felt the arm round his neck tighten and thrill again. "No, mamma, I am glad I have come. I am always happy with yoi." Poor mother! Was she not happy too that night, with all at her side that made lifo yet worlth a strugirle ? From the room within there falls on that happiness, too fulll f?or words, a nharsh voice from tie world-tho practical world that knowa not what happiness moanns ! "Amy, I shall catch my death of cold this winter's night. You are nsting veory rashly with that hoy of yours. Pray como in and shut tihe window." Amy Ellen Lanceford turned, ildoed tihe shawl more closely roundil her little one, passed with him into the lighteod chamber, and drew thie blind before the moonlight and the silver pathwray struclk out on tie sea. t'To te roa~tit~td.) 