STATE EDUCATION. ? "Whether is it a good sign or a bad one that so comparatively little is said at elec tion meetings on theeducation question? It : is often enough introduced bothby electors and candidates, but it . is never discussed* Invariably the same kind of questions are asked regarding it, and the same answers are given, it occasions no collision,^ and hardly even, evokes the slightest difference of opinion. Either the public are growing indifferent on this question, or public opinion has so thoroughly matured, that everybody understands what the sequel will be. It appears to us that the controversy has reached a virtual settlement. The principles of the new Education Bill have been tacitly determined by the electors in their own minds. They know that legisla tion as to national schools cannot be much longer delayed, and that when it is initiated it can pursue only one course. The pro gramme of the educational reformer lies cut and dried before : him-at feast up to a certain point. Secularism and local rating arp inevitable. The abolition of fees and compulsory attendance may still be too much for some defenders of the present system, but they have misgivings as to their power of resistance. The advocates of national education are self-possessed and patient. They feel the strength of their, position, and can bide their time. Its opponents have passed from the protesting into the despair ing stage. At the election meetings they lind no encouragement to repeat their now, poxmwu-?. Among candidates they can find no bold uncompromising champion. Among constituents they cannot form the ghost of a party. The denominational plat form is a -wreck, and its broken spars are drifting hither and thither everywhere. The Attorney-General, who predicted only three months ago that it would ride safely through every danger, has incontinently deserted it. When before his constituents he twice declared that the new system should have as little denomina tionalism in it as possible. If that is the Government policy, what have denomina tionalists to expect from the Opposi tion? Certainly very little from the new class of local members who will soon predominate in the Assembly. These ai-e almost to a man not only theo retical but practical advocates of State schools. They are thoroughly familiar with all the defects of the present arrangement, and they have decided opinions as to the only effective cure. They are less under 'the influence of dominant sects than the metropolitan reformer. They have more courage to face the disagreeable incidents of reform - local rating, and a better organization of schools. The stronger localism grows in the Legislature the more thoroughly will questions of this kind be canvassed. It promises to be strong enough in next Assembly to ensure speedy if not . immediate attention to State education. . Unconsciously believing that the great object is secure, the electors have numbered it among their settled expectations for the future. In the mother-country the State school is also making - resistless progress. The re- . formers there have gone the whole length of the secular programme-local rating, free teaching, and compulsory attendance. Only a few months ago these columns contained an account of the formation of a National Education League at Birmingham. That institution has now sixty-three brauches throughout the United Kingdom, and seventy-two. more in process of establish ment. It has a total membership of nine | thousand, including five hundred ministers of religion and over fifty members of Parlia ment. It has a subscription-list amounting to I fully foijy-six thousand pounds. This com j prises seventeen subscriptions of a thousand pounds each, thirteen of five hundred pounds each, and twenty of sums varying down to a hundred pounds. The League had up to the end of 1S69 circulated nearly two hundred thousand copies of pamphlets, circu lars, &c.;, specially written to explain its objects. Among these are the heads of an Education Bill, which we may briefly sum marize. In December it commenced the issue of a monthly journal, and during the same month it held over thirty public meetings. Some of the latter have been addressed by men of the highest standing as public teachers -to wit, Professor Thorold Rogers, Professor Fawcett, and others. Since the days of the Anti-Corn Law League the English nation has not been so effectually roused on any public question as by this Birmingham movement. Its influence has been acknowledged in the most important quarters. The opposition of the Manchester Society in the interests ] of deuominationalism was crushed almost j in the bud. The attention of the Govern i mcnt was speedily attracted by the trium E' hant propaganda of the League, and the esitation which had been felt about opening ! the education question this session was forth ' with dispelled. The Queen's Speech pro j mised an Education Bill, and the report has | gone uncontradicted that it would resemble i the scheme of the National League. I This, according to the synopsis in the | League journal, proposes to declare school ' districts, and appoint a School Board in ? each. In boroughs and towns, where the local governing body is elective, it would possess the right of appointment, its own members being eligible, but not exclusively so. In counties the school districts would comprise groups of unions, large or small, according to population; and the Boards would be elected by the ratepayers on the same principle as Poor Law Guardians. The duties and powers of the Boards would include the registration of all children in the district of an educable age, the provision of .sufficient school accommodation, the maintenance of day schools and indus trial schools, the enforcement of the Indus: trial Schools Act with regard to vagrant children, and the levying of a school rate to be collected along with the poor rates. The National Bate Schools would be graduated on the German principle-a reform which the disgraceful superficiality of English edu cation has long demanded. Though religious teaching would not be admitted into the school routine, every facility would be allowed for its separate administration. The Boards would be empowered to grant the use of schoolrooms for such teaching out of school hours and without prejudice to the equal rights of the various sects. They might even permit the reading of the Bible by teachers provided it were done im mediately before or immediately after school hours, and that no child neglecting to attend should be debarred from any ordinary privilege of the school. The school age would be from six to fourteen years, and the minimum number of attendances would be t wo hundred yearly, of not less than two hours and a half each. In rural districts this rule might be relaxed where necessary by the School Boards, sub ject to the approval of the Committee of Council. The compulsory principle would not involve any prejudice to existing schools. Attendance at these or even private tuition -would be as valid under the Act as at a National School. Several classes of institutions are mentioned as legal and competent organs of education -(]), Bate Schools; (2), Government Schools receiving the present grant; (3), Private Schools, including private tuition; (4), Reformatory Schools; (5), Certified Industrial Schools; and (6), Workhouse Schools. All .these to be open to visitors appointed by the School Boards, and to be liable to interference in case of inefficiency or irregularity. Bnt for private schools a special appeal would be reserved to. the Committee of Council. A defaulting parent would be summoned before the School Board intlje first instance,' and after enquiry he-might either he dismissed with a cantioil, or the, school visitor might be ordered to prosecute him! ""There would "foe three grades of prosecution-the lowest before a Justice of- the , Peace, the neit kt Ifetty Sessions, and the third at Quaker Sessions. The fines on a first eonviefcion -would be limited to a maximum of 5s., and on subse quent convictions to 20s.-all receivable by the School Boards. : Existing schools would have a choice of alternatives in adapting themselves to the new Act.' They might negotiate with the School Boards for an absolute transfer, or they might convert themselves into Bate Schools, retaining their former manage ment, subject to the jurisdiction^ of the School Boards; or, lastly, they might take in Scholars on behalf of the Board?, which would pay for them at. a rate proportioned to the, total expense of the school.' Every precaution would be adopted for utilizing all the present machinery, and .every effort of conciliation would be made to assimilate all the old schools to' the new class. Though local rating is represented as the distinctive principle of maintenance, it would not be the only or even the chief source of school income. It is meant rather to supersede fees, leaving the Government subsidy in force, if not actually increasing it. The proposed ratios of liability are one third local and two-thirds imperial. Qhis seems a very mild application of rating, but there would , be more to follow. The League foresees a necessity to be lenient toward the ratepayers at first. Its sole object now is to get in. the tliin end of the wedge. While that is being done the Imperial Exchequer would have to smart for free education, but ultimately a more equal adjustment would be effected. 