WESTERN AUSTRALIA.. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AGE. Sin,— I presume that you are aware that Vic torians as a rule know comparatively nothing of Western Australia. Now and again a letter ap pears from some one who has visited that part of Australia; so, with your permission, I will add another one to the few. Before leaving Mel bourne I endeavored to find as much informa tion regarding Swan River as I could, but obtained very little. The passage from Mel bourne to Fremantle, from May to September, is a tedious one, owing to strong currents and westerly winds making the passage by sailing ships a long one. I was twenty- seven days by the brig G. H. Peake. On rounding the Leuwin the passage becomes pretty nigh smooth sailing. On reaching Rottnest Island, on which a light is shown, there is a good clear passage down to Gage's Roads, opposite to Fremantle, in which safe anchorage have lain the largest ships. On entering Fremantle one cannot help ob serving the remnant of those unfortunate mal formed wretches of crime. The utmost order, however, seems to prevail throughout the colony. A bell is rung every evening at a quarter to ten, reminding all the ticket men that they must be in their houses at ten o'clock. Few people are seen in the streets after that hour. Speaking of streets, I may state that the person who laid out the town of Fremantle must have had a head of a most confused description. The population of Fremantle is said to be about 1200, the largest portion being ticketof leave men and P.P. (penal prisoners). There are several merchants evi dently doing good business in this seaport town. Everything, however, seems to be done in the most primitive style. This may be accounted for when we consider that most of those in busi ness are either natives, or came to the country very young. Speak of a railway, steamboat, plateglass windows, flame without oil, or such like, you astonish them. I err slightly about the steamboat, because they have got the ghosts of two, and other two which have not yet arrived at even that state. I am certain that a company, or a person with capital, who understood the work ing of a steamboat to go there with could coin money, and I will briefly explain how. The two puffing things which run between Perth and Fremantle now are making a deal of money. I may state, however, that a vessel draw ing over six foot cannot cross the bar at the entrance of the Swan; there fore that trade might maintain a monopoly until something is done in the way of making a channel. There is a dredging machine lying in the river, which was sent out by the Imperial Government for the purpose of improving the river; but I presume the people are afraid to use it lest they hurt the machinery— nothing having been done with it during the two or three years it has been out. But to the practical working of a steamboat of say from 150 to 200 tons. We have first the loading and discharging of vessels, say one or two weekly, which is now done by lighters, they taking sometimes twelve hours to go from the wharf to the vessel — distance, about twelve miles. This anchorage is called Garden Island, where there is any depth of water, and vessels can load and discharge in all weathers. Then there is towage. And we have lastly, though far from least, a few thriving sea coast towns of considerable importance, to which there is no means of communication except by small craft, which sometimes take several days to go from Fremantle to Banbury and Vasse; the former being only eighty miles, the latter about 100— same line. These places lie to the south. Then there is Champion Bay to the north, distant 210 miles. This, so far as I can learn, is a most promising place in the way of agriculture, and contains a pretty numerous population. Three weeks is not uncommon as a passage to this last named place. I may also state that the Lady Louisa, barque, 550 tons, was to leave Fre mantle for Champion Bay, to load wool. I simply make these few remarks on the great need of a steamboat, and on the almost certain profit arising from the enterprise, for the purpose of affording what I consider honest information to those who would wish to inquire further into the matter. The people of Western Australia, however, seem to have a little of the 'Scotch bluid' in them — clannish; so that it would re quire a person of enterprise to maintain his own with them, were an opposition boat started. I have stated that they have a telegraph between Fremantle and Perth. I may also tell you that the office is in a stable-yard, where, even in fine weather, you require to fortify your feet for the journey. There are two buses or mail-carts leave Fremantle for Perth every morning and return the same day, the same from Perth to Fremantle, fare 2s. each way, doing the journey in one hour and a half. Perth is very prettily situated on the Swan River, forming a kind of amphitheatre from tho Fre mantle side. The principal support of the city, which contains, I was told, under three thousand persons, is the civil servants. They constitute the aristocracy, and for the greater part I may say are of a most hospitable disposition. Their salaries being small compared with the other colo nies, however, causes a shortness of money in the place. Still, everybody seems comfortable, the hotelkeepers making no exception to the rule. They have almost finished a town hall in the city, the large room of which is superior to any in Melbourne when I left, but I must say that if the new Town Hall in Melbourne comes up to Victorian expectation, it will cast the Perth one in the shade, notwithstanding that I speak from experience as to the acoustic quality of it, and affirm that it is equal, if not superior to any in Victoria, New South Wales. Adelaide, or Tasmania, good as the Town Hall in Hobart Town and White's Rooms in Adelaide are. The building can be seen from all sides as you approach the city. It has been built by prison labor. Prisoners in Western Australia who behave themselves are most leniently treated; in fact they provide themselves with mats, and sit down as comfortably as possible to their work. The stone they break on the road sides is loose sandstone, and they seem very careful not to hit the material too hard lest they should hurt it. The standing army of the colony is composed of old pensioners, who seem to wear their marks of valor in comfort and ease. There is very little agriculture carried on in the neighborhood of Fremantle or Perth; in fact the soil is of that light sandy description that would cause one with any knowledge of farming to say it was needless to crop it. Yet residents say that it is wonderfully fruitful, but a stranger naturally looks for a specimen; this he cannot get betwixt Fremantle and Perth, except a small patch along the base of Mount Elisa, just entering Perth. This portion is taken up by a num ber of comfortable old fashioned dwellings, with a pretty extensive garden in front, where bananas and vines do well. I was told that this piece of ground yields im mense crops of potatoes and vegetables. The next town on the road inland is Guildford. It is a very pretty place, and has some very rich flats about it, pretty well all private property. It is distant from Perth nine miles; good road; mail cart twice a week. York is the next town of any size inland, containing a population of about 1000 in the district: distant from Guild ford fifty miles. It is not only a pretty place, but has much fine land about it, which gives large yields of both cereal and root crops in ordi nary seasons. But I may remark that apathy seems to prevail among the working class, wish ing rather to live for to-day and leave to-morrow to provide for itself, than busy themselves about the 'rainy day,' to use the settled phrase for in dustry. There are very comfortable roadside homes, every ten miles for the first part of the journey to York, the last stage being close on twenty. There is evidently very little shooting in this part of the country. I saw nothing but a few goats shortly after leaving Guildford until I reached York, and was in formed that the poison plant is so plentiful all along that tract of country, that it is useless to put stock on it. The much spoken of jarrah tree, however, is very plentiful in that district. Another source of, I may say, wealth to the in habitants of York district is sandal-wood, which they ship from Fremantle to Singapore and many of the Chinese ports, which often brings £18 a ton in those markets. The price of it in Fremantle at present is £8. Timber seems to have a greater hold of the settlers' minds than the mineral wealth of the country, which must be something considerable, for the specimens seen in different places on the road to York re semble the Burra and Moonta districts of South Australia, and certainly the specimens of copper shown me equal any I have seen in the last named places. Lead can be got almost pure in the same neighborhood. There is also one ridge which reminded me very much of the spur running from the Tumut to the Adelong, New South Wales, where several good reefs have been worked. It is my opinion that Western Aus tralia will shortly become an important place. The territory is immense, and its position gives it an advantage over the other colonies for the Indian market. Lastly, I may state that the pearl fisheries of Western Australia are going to turn out something handsome, and will shortly re quire to be protected from the hands of the foreigner. It is astonishing to see the number and value of the pearls in the hands of people living in Perth and Fremantle. I am told that one sent home lately brought £250. It is quite common to hear those who have them asking from £10 to £50 for one, several changing hands at big prices. This is almost a new enterprise in the colony. I have met two or three from Nicol Bay who may be said to be amongst the pioneers, and they are in high spirits. One of them brought round ten tons of shells besides jewels. The shells are bring ing £200 per ton in the London market. The few who are working these fisheries are doing so with the blacks as divers. I have endeavored to give you an outline of the country so far as I have been able to see it, and hope you will excuse my report being perhaps a little too long. China Sea, 4th August. T. B. Tho Railway depirtraent i tates that, for the Bendigo races, passengers will be booked by tho morning tra:n only fiom Melbourne and Echuca to Sandhurst, on the 16th Iso veuibcr, at the old single fare, viz. — 31s. 6d. first-chsn, and 23s. G I. fee nd-clnss, ava uhM lOi iciUV;ii ou cUu iOi.li. 