THE PARLIAMENTARY STAKES. [Bl ATn DISarroP TED OAnDIDATE.J My friend Charley has, I perceive, been sending " Conceit" a rare trial gallop within the last few days on the training-ground at North Briebane, although why he should have selected to try him there in prew ference to his own racing arena I feel at a loss to imagine. The trial was quite a publio one-nodoubt intended as such, in order to frighten away any pos sible competitors that might have had an idea of try ing conclusions with him on Ithe 13th proximo. Those who were present describe the spin as having been in the main a very satisfactory one, the horse being sent along at his best for three miles. He showed himself rather fidgetty on fipSat getting off, but when he onee settled into his stride hlie covered the ground in his usual taking style, finishing up in a manner that proved him to be as good as ever he was, his wind being-as is the case with all of his breed-in excellent order. His supporters were quite delighted, and offered to lay any odds that their champion would be allowed to walk over for the stakes, but could meet with no response, even Professor Russell shutting up Ihis book anid declaring himself to be full against the horse, althouglh hie expressed himself willing enough to lay 10 to 1 against "Adventurer," the East Moreton cocktail, or 100 to 1 against " Bounce," of the Bur nett, if entered for the thousand guineas at Ipswich. The entries for the Maryborough Plate were made on Monday nlast. There were only two carndidates, Mlr. Walsh's "Eccentricity" and Mr. Spence's "Chadband," the betting closing at 10 to 1 on the former with no takers. Eccentricity is reported to be s fit as a iddle, as indeed Ihe always is, but his com petitor is very short of work, and presents anything but a racy appearasnoe. Before the public are favoured wit this contrmbution, I expect to receive a telegram of the result of the oontest, as it was to come offyesterday. The more I know of tihe Great Livery-sltable Party the greater respect do I feel for them. Just think of them providing a special ran for one of their horses, "8Sily Billy," who was forwarded from Ipswich last week by train en route for the Mitchell dietrict, where he will contest the local race with Mr. Bramstos's "Try Again." Talk about liberality, whly prodigality would better express the munifloence ofthis party, who hardly deserve the great defeat they will meeot with after such an expenditure. I must confess, too, that, as a general rule, tlhey show great discretion, as instanced in their having withdrawn their great champion " Railway Mad" from the Ipowich contest where he was held "just ae safe as if boiled." For the Urayton and Toowvoomba Purse there is ev'ery probability of an exciting contest, there being two horses already in the field, Mr. Groom's "Protectionist" and Mr. Taylor's "King Jimmy." The former, the winner of the same event on many precrious occasions, is by Plausibility out of Oily Gammon. He is a horse of a fair turn of sepeed, but rather hard in the mouth, and has acquired a habit of beolting, although when he does take it into his head to run straight-which for the sake of his backers is unftortutnately but srldom- he shows himself to be more than an average performer. His former owner adopted the system of blindfolding him before bring ing him ot to the course, and those now runaing hlim pursue thie same course, first coaxing him with a Toowoomba cabbage or a bunch of carrots, of which he is aid to be very fond. He is one of those horses, howevrc', upon which no reliance can be placed, and his party are not backing him very heavily, beinog afraid that his opponent has toe much bottom for him. "King Jimmy," by Joe Hume's Ghost out of Cala bash, has certainly neither broeeding nor appearance to recommend him, although there can be no mistake about hIis stlaying powers. He isa very old hand on the Queensland turf, being one of the first horses that the colony produced. Like Oratory, he earrys a large amount of beef, and I pity the lad who has the strap ping of him. There is one good trait about him however, and that is that you can always depend upon hais running straight in his owner's interest. He has to be kept constantly muzzled, or he would eat hIis olothing. Since tile commencement of his career his owner has made a good deal out of him, as tie is the sort of animal that can be used for various purposes. Eren as a draught horse he is useful, and can do heavy work, whilst as a hack he is well up to weight, and will stand a long journey if baited often and not over-ridden. He is the favourite for the event-not that be would have a show as regards foot with his antagonist, but because of his staying qualities and the likelihood of Protectionist bolting. For the Burnett Sweepstakes, Mr. Hal's "Con sistency," by Steam-Plough out of Irrigation, is the only horse at present in the Beld, nor is he likely to meet with opposition, there being a prize for the suecond horse as well as the winner; moreover he has been the acknowledged champion of the district for years past. He is a thloroughly honest horse in every respect, hsaving nerer yet disappointed his backers, being a second Ban Bolt on rather a larger scale. Tie horse that took second money for this event last year was Mr. Prilng's " Bounce," but there seems to be very little chance of his contesting the race again, for he has shown himself so averse to the Gayndah course that hie cannot bo induced to run straight. His former owner, poor Frank Connolly, who deserved a better representative, having gone to his last home, the horse Ihas once more changed hands, and is now owned by the Great Livery Stable Company. Bounce, I need hardly say, it being so generally known, is at present in a very dic?y state; his fore lege have gone badly, -in fact the sinews are so much injured that it is hardly tboght hae will ever again be fit to contest a Ministeria stake. Iri is hoped however that such may not be the beass',orbe hn at times shown hblmef to be a horaeoof riars turn of speed, and poossed of muchb moro endurance than his appearance would seemu toindicate. He is, however, of a very fldgetty disposition, bad establishes a funk on the most trifling occasion, ap was displayed onone occasion of his run ning at Ipiwichl. At the conclusion of the race a true son of Hibprnia made some remark rather disparaging of his aupanrance, when he involuntarily made tracks, nor could be be pulled up until be bad safely ensconse?d himself inpn out-of-the-way stall in the rear of Tatter esul's, where he was subsequently discovered by his owner in a~oold sweat, willh hIis head hidden in the hay rack, and his tail wagging like a pump bandle. Since writing the above Ilearn that Bounce is to be brought oat for the Ipswich event. He was sent a trial yesteiday morning, being timed by one of Flavelle's best stop watches, the result beinig that the best two miles was recorded yet made in the colony, nod so satidaed were the owners with the remarkable performance that they determined to run him for thlis the . most important event on tshe Parliamentary programm4 as they consider if he can't absolutely wi the race hbewill be abletoobtain a place to theannoy anse of tcat owners. I feel perfectly convined, however, that either the time was incorrectly taken or the distanoe run short, and that if Bounce does start here he will be licked right away. 