EJECTED BY A GHOST. BY JOHN" PITMAN. . X had taken my chambers in Gray'srinn-sqnsre, and was inclined to.like them. They were <m- the second-floor, and consisted of three rooms. The. dpor on; tfle , landing1. Opened on to a narrow > passage, at the end of which, on the right, was the \- door of the sitting-room, 1 the three -windows el wlffch looked on to » dmigjreen expanse, where .stood, a few .tall .gaunt London trees. Inrmi» corner of the sitting-room was a door inip the bedroom, which 'communicated with a dressing-room. ..The dressing-room had a door leading into the end of the passage, to the left O1 the main entrance from the.. landing. Tus/' J could make the complete circuit of mv.bremises from the mttingm, though - dressing-rooms into .the passage, and through the passage into the sitting- room again. I anxious to be understood on this point, as, a reaii- sation of the topography bf.the place is -necessary" for the comprehension of the incidents I have to relate; _ I will premise by assuring my reader that at the time Of which lam speaking I was in thorough physical health. As is the case with most sucking barristers,' I rather prided myself on cultivating a - liabit of mind, that should not permit me to be unduly impressed by causes unwarranted by 1 reflection. I had been accnstomed to a Bedant&iy;, to some extent a solitary, life, and in moving to' " Gray's-inn-square had determined to apply my/ self unremittingly to legal studies. My ne.W . chambers had jbeen unoccupied ftfr some moAths, and after making sure thf they had been well cleaned and scrubbed, I sent in my furniture, and took possession. It was oh a chifi dark October evening that, after dining at an accustomed eating-house, I wended my way to my new quarters; I shall never forget that even- " ing : there was a heavy clammy feeling in the air of the. streets ; ; and as I turned into the dreary square the air seemed heavier and clammier; On ariAving at jny chambers, ! found the deaf, spirit- sodden old creature who had attached herself to fiie ate laundress and chairwoman in the act of setting out the tea-things. The lamp,was lighted, and a bright fire burned in the grate. On my coming in, the old woman mumbled a few «am« thehneauiug of which I did not catch ; however, well pleasted with the air of comfort Jv» had im parted to the place, I wished her a cheeiy good night as she went out. Having closed and locked the outer deor, X returned down the passage into the sitting-room. ' " I can perfectly pall to inind its appearance oh that night. The polished furniture was gleaming and .. . glistening in the light, the windows were veiled by thick curtains," and the door leading into the bedroom stood ajar. I congratulated myself on my possessions, and having poare& mjBeif out a cup of tea, and lighted, my pipe, settled myself withavolume of Hal lam' in an arm-chair by the fire. I bed been reading for some tinie, xny attritipn had teoinewhat wandered to e vue .flleppj: consideration of matters not stridtly re? levant to constitutional "history, when I became aware of a strange all-pervading sensation of odd. The sensation was so sudden, so Acute, that l rose from my chair shivering, in the expectidion of finffing one of the windows open. Butj no ; they were sfil closed aud fastened. Through the panto I could discern the gaiint branches of the tree?, unstirred by any gust of wind. On round the room, I noticed the flame of the lamp, which, theugh tome what "dim, did not flicteA or seem - agitated by the icy- stream of air whioh chilled me to the bones. -The y have Mentioned, was ajar ; and thinking the draught might proceed <from one of the inner rooms, I lighted a candie, with the intentimi of ' looking through thraa. /But the instant I enter the bedroom the candle weht out; suddenly, .late1 frm a currmit of. .air, but quietiy, install jtaneoiidy, as though it- hAd beeh introduced info an atmohereofcbomc-acidgas. At the samcK moment fhealnpEitionof oold againcame over me-2 with, ten timesnfrehteir intensity Ih®11 Tke galight in the tequAre; %one feebly into the recte/and l- was abfo ttifind my pw tfirod 1 thqm into Hie pelage, and badt into thei sitting- room; My sensations appeued to me eohtevdikt unaccountable; hut attributing tdraucht, Of which I could aseehbun Hie/ opMiiB -toe morning,: I xfioeed thedoorsx and resumed teny place by the fire. Aft a iittle whHe l jU egajii 1 into my interrupted train /AC dtiny , afid gtadually feUasleep. .lSilWtoSfe,'',, further, I m-atatotoaFT- yfeton "to he'ryous fiweies .rHbtbpg becurred to nie - btoring in the remotest way on -2 the events. « X.am , about ito'-'ielatoevtljiti Otteriy inerplicablb byriatinal cwiB«,aSyS teb mntaaticaUy : real, that even alter a lapee of many will tbem t 0 minclYrUh a toi toforbf -Timber, IflCftGPgk it were yesterday, the nnearaooe of th« tWm ua l wased lazily iu-my 8?mUair before going to sfeep..The -sound ofuj ftl0 wkich wes plejiPg ia some neighbouring I St' came to me fitfully, at timeSiseeming to be i ,v!9t dose to me;at - times,again, seeming to J rtceed from some great distanee. The fire had j woed low, oocasionaJJLy cracking and ticking j j Jr. as I have mentioned, was burning I ?mlv and » hueK porfcion of , the room was inj shadow.. I do not know- how. long I had- 1 i wiieu I became tponsoious of my own being, j T rannot say that X awakened ; for though afl v mental faculties were struggling painfully mto, vf mT vital action seemed suspended, and I was ble to move hand or foot/ A coW perspira- bur8t from all toy pores as I made tremendous ht vain efforts to shake off this, incubus that upon me. My feeling was not one of im- | teuce ; it was as though J had been frozen into I Pa0iid Iflock of ioe. I endeavoured to call oat : T had no power over my voice, Rnd cotiid not ; utter a souud. But as I gasped and panted, i-l- nfn iyiv nnakmla o narll w kin there stoic rpowering stencb, unmistakable in its pene- l trating siddiness to me who ..had frequented hospitals. It was the dread odour of decom- I uosing mortality that was suffocating me as I sat. 1 I felt that I must break the spell, or die. With one terrific exertion that strained every nerve and muscle, I burst: from the chair, and fell jcoWering J ou my knees before the fire. The : lamp had gone 1 out a faint gleam from the fire afforded., thfs only j light in the room. I relighted the lamp,, and j having swallowed a glass of brandy, endeavoured 1 to collect my thoughts. My first idea was, I that a dead body must be somewhere j concealed iii the room. The hideous odour still j clung to my nostrils, and the absurdity of such a supposition did not strike me. I searched the room, but ef course found nothing ; though, to my astonishment, the bedroom door, which I had carefully closed, was wide opeH. - As I advanced towards it with the intention of shutting it agaiu, mv lamp was extinguished in the same unaecount- I able manner as before ; I locked it, however, securely, and again struck a light. By this time I had sufficiently recovered to endeavour to reconcile my sensations to natural I causes, or at any rate to a formidable attack of i nightmare. I lighted my pipe, in the hope of i neutralising the terrible stench that still pervaded j the room. Leaning on the mantelpiece, I actually smiled at beholding my own pale, scared-looking face in the mirror. As I looked, suddenly every pulse in my body stood still. I beheld the reflec tion of the bedroom door, which gradually,, noiselessly, opened of itself. I tried to command myself, and turned round towards the door. The same intense thrill of cold, but not a soul was there. I considered for an instant, and cross- examined myself as to my own condition. It was evident that my nerves were completely unstrung, and I decided, as I saw reflected in the looking-glass my own ghastly-looking face, that I was not in a condition to investigate the matter any further for that night. A dread was upon me that I could not shake off; so, hastily putting witt AVMAof.rtnof onii liof t vmmtin/i mif nf fna ull 111 gtvav w«u 0um. uufw) a. uiu11vu vuv wl v4av i room, through the passage, found myself oh the lauding with a sigh of relief, and locking the outer door, walked to the rooms of a friend who lived in the neighbourhood. S— , who wo8 reading for the Indian Civil Service, was glad to see me, and offered me a ehake-down for the night. I informed him at once of the cause of my ignominious flight from J my own rooms. My experiences had been too j unmistakably real for me to dread ridicule in the relation of them. So, confessing unreservedly "that I had been almost frightened out of my wits, I sat patiently enough as he endeavoured to pr»ve satisfactorily that my sensations were entirely due to nerves or . indigestion. Before retiring to rest, however, we agreed t© spend the following night together in my chambers. In the morning we each went to our respective duties, with an arrangement to meet at dinner in the evening. I did not call at Cray' s-inn- square during the day ; and what with attending to lectures and reading tough law, had not only overcome any idea of supernatural agency in the events of the preceding night, but, as the evening drew near, entirely ceased to thiuk of the matter. It was about eight o'clock as we entered the rooms together. The eld laundress had evidently been at work, as on the preceding evening. The fire was burning brightly, the lamp was lighted, and the tea-things were set but on the table. We walked through the rooms, aud found everything in perfect order. S — laughingly envied me my comfortable quarter, showing by his manner that he was more than ever convinced I had been the victim of an exceedingly bad attack of nightmare. After a little while we agreed to play at chess, and arranged a small side-table in front of the fire. I sat, in tlip arm. r>Vi air with mv hack to the bed- room-door, as on the previous night ; S — was J seated opposite to me, consequently, facing the 1 door, which I had closed, locked, and bolted, on j completing our tour of inspection ; S — ,wlio was 1 in high spirits, joking at me the while. I re- 1 meinbered, however; the uncomfortable tendency it had to open on its own account, and determined that it should be as securely fastened as a good, lock and bolt would admit of. We were both fair chess-players, about equally matched. Two hours, perhaps, had . elapsed, when the interest of the game culminated, and we were 1 considering it with an intentness known only to chess-players. The move was with me. Knowing it to be a critieal one, I was considering it at length, in allits aspects;, my decision was just; formed, aud I - was pn the point of moving a piece, when gradually, surely, I became aware of the same extraordinary sensation of cold as on the night before, just as if the surrounding atmo sphere were becoming iced into solidity. I felt that tVip Kpdvrtnm-door behiudt me was OBenifaff. I looked up with the intention of calling S— 's attention to the phenomenon, but my movement I was unnecessary ; he was equally conscious of it j wjth myself. He had risen from his chair, and I j r pan never fqrget the expression ef his. . face, which.! Was livid q.nd distorted. "His eyes were wide open, and, turned full on tke doorthq-t was behind my chair. All his features were convulsed, and J his appearance, as he bent forward, as if in an intensity of- horrified expectation, was perfectly ! terrific. I actually eaw iife hair- life from his- head, and the, .great beads of perspiration burst j from his forehead. He fcook nofc the slightest ! notice of my movement, but slowly raised one ! LiP« ja8 to something in the rponx behind me then suddenly, and without firing meg moment warning, with one loud yell of agonised tfimny be dashed- to toe door leading J into the passage, through the passage, and out of the main door, which slammed heavily behind him. J hurriedafeer him iruo fhe passftge. Thfin j I. remembered that the outer door closed with a j epringdock, and that the key was iu the pocket of 7 vrntewt, mihiwg upwthiktfromt We Jihd inadvertently: left .the door open on coming in, and thus S— had been enabled to .escape. It would be impossible fdr me to describe my feelings : at fending myself vdone in the passage. ' How long it was before X mastered up' sufficient presence of mindfor reflectionT cannot; tell; but' ut lafet I realised to myself the fact that to leave my chambers it was necessary,: to get' < the key. With a desperate oourftge,;I returneI to the sitting-room. The lamp was extinguished ; the fere was burning with a sickly glare. With closed « ayes I advanced into the bedroom. Iqiiickfy felt my way to the peg onrwhich my coat was hatiging,-: | ' when something happened, that caused my very heart to stand still,' and my blood to freeze/ I heard a movement in the passage — a . strange, heavy, shuffling sound, as of a body dragging itself along the floor. Am impulse seized me- unaccountable as all the. other; events of that' memorable night. I felt impeded to follow the thing that was painfully, .slowly' dragging' itself I down the passage. I stepped through the dress- ' ing-room ; and as I moved, I heard it move on 1 LaAmia tvt a IrAAninM nf fliA TmrnA waleftirA rivofanAA - uptuix; uiw) AvwjJi o av vuc oouic uidvouuq from me. X quickened my pace, I ran ; but still: I could not overtake that, which I still heard dragging itself along. v i After three or four headlong rashes from room . to room, ! stopped in the middle of the sitting- room to recover breath. As I stood, a revulsion of feeling came over me. My eagerness to con- ; front and discover the cause of the sounds I still could hear gave way: to horror. I felt ray life and reason to depend on my escape. As I moved, to the bedroom-door, it closed in my fece. I fran tically endeavoured to force the lock. The thing was dragging itself along the passage into 'the room iu which I was. Again the nauseating stench of the night before rosb into my nostrils ; I rushed to the window with the intention of throwing it open and jumping into the. space beneath ; but it was too late. I turned my eyes downwards. . It was close to me, and I beheld- it. A man writhing on the floor, his features ; blue, ; bloated, and decomposed; the eyelids turned up; yet bearing full upon me, dead and _glas8v, au impure phosphorescent light emanating from the body itself. -As I gazed, one discoloured halud was raised to the throat,' in which I perceived a hideous gash. .. It drew itself gradually closer to rpe. > . . I became insensible. When I was discovered in the morning; my friends;1 who were- telegraphed for, removed me to the couxtTy, I where, amongst cheerful scenes: and people, I j soon recovered. S-i died of brain-fever within three days of the night on which he sat and ! watched with me. I have never cared to make any inquiries as to I the previous inmates of the chambers. It is true I I have heard that' an inmate of one set cut his throat under peculiarly horrible circumstances ; but I was never curious to identify the scene s of the suicide's death with the chambers I occupied for so short a time ; indeed, nothing would induce me ever agaiu to enter Gray'-s-iun-square. 