A GHOST STOU.V AUnMHngofthe liteMy Club, at which Dr. Johnson, Mr. Burke, and several other eminent characters of the day were present, ifc was observed that an old gentleman/ who had never missed one of the meetings of the society, was that day absent. His absence was considered as cue more extraordinary because be happened to be president that day. While the company were expressing their surprise at this circumstance, they saw their friend enter the room, wrapped iu a long white gown, his countenance wan and Terr hi« frifn!!en' dTn in bis Uce> and Whon friends wondered at his dress, he waved his whS t£> seParatel7> and disappear 3d from the room without speaking. The gentlemen surprised at this circumstance, and determined to' »«» it, called for the waiter, and asked whether anybody had been seen upon the stair- case wh'eo led to the room where they were sitting. They were answered that no person had been seen either to enter the house or so mount the stairs, and that both the staircase and the entrance bad been constantly filled with comers and goers. Not satisfied with this tlu y sent to the house of the gentleman whom they had just seen, to inquire whether he had been out. ixis residence happened to be very near t h© coffee-house where they were, and their messenger immediately returned with tbe following mel-n- choly intelligence:— Their friend had died about ten minutes before, of a violent fever, which had confined him entirely to his bed for several days. Some of the most eminent men of the club gave themselves great pains to discover the imposition which some thought had been practised upon them ; others firmly believed that tbefr friend's ghost had actually appeared to them ; and the latter opinion was confirmed by the to lal fai uve of all inquiries. All their efforts proved vain :0 remove the veil of mystery which hung over this transaction. At last they determined to remo'e the club to another part of the town, entering the same time into an engagement never to reve tl the circumstance which had occasioned t.l jg bange. They wisely thought that such a sfcorv, supported by the evidence of such men as Johnson, Burke, etc., mightdo much mischief while the caiue remained unexplained. Many years afterwards, as Mr. Burke was sitting at dinner with some friends at his own house, he was told that a poor old woman, who was dying in an obscure garret in the midst of the greatest wretchedness, h.d just said she conld not die in peace unless »h© could reveal a most important secret to M r. Burke. The summons appeared so like a fraudu" lent means of extorting money, that Mr: Burke refused to go. ' In A short time, he received second message still more pressing, and at the same time such an account was given of the ex treme poverty and misery of the poor expiring object, that his compassion "was excited, and lie determined te ge; in spite of the earnest entreaties of his friends, who still feared for his safety. They accordingly watched in the little obscu' s alley, saw him ascend tbe staircase which led to the garret in which he was told that the poor woman was lying, and reminded him that succour was at hand. Mr. Burke soon returned. B » told his friends that he had found everything yj it had been told ; that the old woman had die 1 after telling him a very extraordinary circuu - stance, which had:: given him'great satisfaction ; he then related ail the former part of this sior? , and added that the dying womad had confess? i that she hadbeenguiiry of a neglect which Wi cost an unfortunate man his life. She said -theft upon her death -bed sbe was determined to imi> e all the atonement in her power, confess her error, and had therefore requested his presence, knowim him to be the most intimate friend of the deceased! She said that some years before she was nurse t » .a gentleman who was .ill of a dangerous fever, am i named Mr. Burke's friend. >.< She said that on . particular day— which she named— she was tol i by the physician that the crisis of the disease wc that day to be expected, and that the uitimai issue of the malady would very much depend upqn the patient's being kept perfectly quiet as I bat moment ; which could only be done b v incessant watching, as the delirium would pro bably run very high just before. In that case the physician directed that the patient should b forcibly detained in his bed, as the least cold would prove fatal. He, therefore, ordered tlie» nurse not to leave the room upon any account th t whole of the day. The nuise added that in t:- -« afternoon of that day a neighbour -had cail-d up -V her; that, seeing the gentleman qui t, she h . ventured to leave his room for teu; minutes; thd: when she returqedshe 1 .found her patient gone. In a few minutes he returned, and expired iiii me diately. ; When ehe heard the inquiries made she was wril aware what had given birth to tbem, buh wsu at that time mOvehtnd (iv iUm. Akhm MAn- fesaing the truth l—Diariesof a lady of Qualiij from 1797 to 1814. A Missouri minister announces that he will many a man " cheaper thbn any opposition firm in the State." . Thb following advertisement appears in London newspaper with reference to a plot of ground in Sotiftk Loudon :-«ThiselieSotof land to be left on long knQdiog le or to be- sold ; equally suited for'a church or tavern/1 It is a' common error to reverse the order of the Christian names of Napoleon HI., who, ath.i» baptism, received the names of Charles Nftpoleou | Louis, and previously to ascending the Imperial i throne signed Napoleon-Louis, and not Lods« Napoleon. Aa Emperor hssignet ody Nspoleoo 