THE BENEVOLENT ASYLUM. The usual fortnightly mooting ' of the Be- amvolont Asylum oommittce took place yes- : tsrday, the chair being taken by Mr. Wise- . would. Admissions. — Among the applicants for admission wns a young man in very tafc- : iercd clothing who gave his name as Dan- 1 gorfield. He liad been found wandering about the strocts by tho poJioo, aid was taken I before the oity magistrates. They recoru-. mended him to apply for admission to the i ; asylum, and ii case lie should be refused ad- ! mifctanao tlioy promised to send Him t» gaol ' is a vagrant. ,Th2 superintendent in- : formed the committee that Dan- 'gULUUiU iAUtt UUUH 411 uuu ut-yiu.il about two years ago ; but one day vrlicn kc was put out about some thing, lie took up a dinner kuife and made everyone in the room run for their lives. A constable wa3 fetched, and took him to tho iv.atchhouae, from whence he was sent to tho Yarrn Bend 33 s, raging lunatic. Danger- field informod tiie committee that he had recovered from that a long time ; and, on the motion of Mr. Phillips, he was admitted, subject to tho furnishing of a certificate by the medical officers to the effect that he was sane. Eight decrepit old men were ushered in at once as applicants for admission. They had ail been up before, and were sent away , again for want of roem. Quarrels among the ' Inmates. — Three very-elderly women named Mary Wardlaw, Harriet Vauglian, and Sarah Gibson, came up for bad conduct, and two others appeared as their licensers. A v/rangleeommeucedbefcweenthemwlien before tho committee, but it was stopped by tho superintendent. One of the old women who came as plaintiffs stated that Mm. Gibson called the Holy Ghost to witness tlint some one in the institution would be dead within a week ; and as she shook her fist at tho time in complainant's face, complainant be hoved that it was her Mrs. Gibson meant. Mrs. Gibson assured the commit lee that she never made use of tko word in her life. In reply to a committeeman (tho superintendent gave all five a bad char- aster for insubordination. Mr. Harkcr isovcd that the lot bo turned out for a month as a lesson. Mr. /.'ox protested , \j/«nst such an inhuman proposal. Ho bo- i toiled that if these five poor creatures were tu hand out upon the streets, there, would bo an ocrtcry of public indignation, and justly. Mr. O'Brien .having heard that mil live room 'vcid medical comforts," moved, as an amen "fsseent, that these bo cut off from them for o, r, I'm th. This, ho thought, would bo a »: laiim&limmvf;: nmT if siitrrhfc fn li.i impress. i upon thorn, at tho same time, what th liquor was stopped for. Mr. O'Brien's amendment was carried, and tho ncxtcascc. Vied on. Campbell, uyoungitiimin black goggl '-4, ckargod Reidy. a very fat. el derly inmate, with Knocking him down. Tho superintendent said thaton Tuesday there hud been divin escrviee in the kail, and after it was ovor Can ipbell found Rcidy asleep on one of the ben. "Acs. He shook and woke him, whereupon Reidy knocked him ovor. The chairman aske 4 Roidy what ho had to say in extenuation. Reidy replied that ho was tinder tlio inlluoi.'oe of liquor at the timo. This statement secmet.! to snrprho tho com mittee, and the chain, nail asked where he had obtained the liquor from. Reidy said that ho had been out leave and got drugged liquor iu a publio'hquso. j Ho came back drunk and went to sleeV in the chapel. Roidy was ordered out while the eommittoo deliberated. After a brief distoission, it was agreed to expel him. Ho was ti'mn called in again, xno unairman : You are uismisseu from the institution. Reidy : T/iank you. ( Laughter). Mr. Munce's Case. — Ai!\er some business of no particular interest, (i motion by Mr. Zox with reference to Mr; lMimce's exorcising other functions besides that of secretary audi bookkeeper to this insti tution, was called on. Mr. Muiiec,. with the leave of tho committee, read a statement,' in which ho pointed out that sineo Messrs. Wisewould and Zox had been on tho committee tlioy had continually made attempts to deprive him of his otticc. Ho alluded also to tlie report of Messrs, Myers and Tuckott, tfto auditors, with re ference to tho keeping of tho books, and end phasised tho fnot that ;Mr. Myers was Mr. Zox's partner. When tl?C statement had been concluded, Mr. Zox rosi?, Ho did not. beliove that tho insinuations of the secretary would -havo the effect . intended. (Hear, hear, from several monibers). Mr. Myers was too well known, and he liiiiisolf ,was too wellltnownfor that. These insinuations would not causo hiirqto waver from the course which lie had notified his intention of taking ; and ho now moved, pursuant to notice, that in the opinion of this committee the offices of secretary and bookkeeper should bo per formed by a gentleman who gave bis whole time to tho asylum. How was tho work done now ? In a great measure by a Mr. Thorp, ovor whom the committee liad no control, employed by Mr. Munce from with out, and by an inmate of the institution. Was this proper? Hodoclarcdthatitwasnot, in tho case of so important an institution as this ; and the committee wcro not doing their duty to tho subscribers if tlioy allowed it. Mr. Egan seconded tho motion, which was similar to one which he had brought for ward a short timo ago. Ho compared Mr. Munce's position to that of a parson who was paid £509 a year, and got a curate to do the work for him at £50. That was not tho sort of thine which the committee should sanc tion. Mr. Tankard took the same viow. Ho sunnorted Mr. Munce's annointment at tho timo it was mado, but ho had no idea that tlio work was to lie performed by de puty. Mr. O'Brien opposed the motion. No act of noglect had been proved against Mr. Munce, and the gentlemen who had been lately requested to examino the books of the institution found that thoy woro kept in a creditable manner. He moved, as an amend ment, that tho 'committee proceed to the next business. Mr; Martin seconded tho amendment. He was only disposed to in quire whether tho work was done satisfac torily, and in his judgment it was. Mr. Van Anistel spoke in support of Mr. Zox's motion. Mr. Harker supported tlio amendment. Ho believed that the assist ance which Mr. Mnneo received was allow able, since ho only obtained tlio aid of Mr. Thorp, the gontloman alluded to by Mr. Zox, on occasions when there was a pressure of business. Tho chairman said that it was impossible for Mr. Munco to attend properly to his duties, and at tho same timo fill tho other offices opart from the institution which ho held. The secretary of tlio asylum ought to bo there all day, within reasonable ollioo hours. After further discussion Mr. O'Brien's amendment was put and negatived, and tlie motion of Mr. Zox was agreed to by 9 votes to 8. The committee shortly afterwards ad journed. 