THE ABERCROMBIE CAVES. (From the Town and Country Journal.) THE Grove Creek, or, as they are popularly termed, the Abercrombie, Caves, lie about forty-five miles to the west of Bathurst, and are situated on the Grove Creek, about four miles above the confluence of that stream with the river Aborcrombie, and about seven miles from Mulgunnia, which was formerly a cattle-station belonging to Mr. Askell, but is now the residence of Thomas Smith Esq., J.P. The traveller who would approach these caves will find some difficulty in carrying his intentions into practice. Betsy's Downfall, an incline which has to be descended before the cave's mouth can be reached, is not quite so easy as the fabled descent to Aver- ius, especially should the ground be in that delightful condition in which it often is after rain, and which, in bush parlance, is desig- nated greasy. Our travelling reporter has, in our issue of June 25th, given a vivid sketch of the scenery lying around the mouth of the cave on the outside; but the floods at that time rendered a thorough ex- amination impracticable owing to the state of the creek which runs through the cave. the cave is, in fact, a tunnel, excavated through a hill of limestone by the erosive action of water. The stream has also cut a channel through limestone rocks for a long way outside the cave's mouth, and those rocks stand up in many places as precipitous walls, forming the banks of the creek. In dry weather the cave can be easily ap- proach along the bed of the stream; but of course this is impossible when the creek is in flood. The entrance to the cave is superbly and beautifully grand. A large body of soldiers with bayonets screwed on, and arms shoul- dered, might march into the cave abreast. The grand cave, or tunnel, has numerous smaller tunnels or entrances to other caves connected with it, and branching off from it. Some of those smaller caves have been ex- plored, while the extent and terminations of others are still unknown. The entrances to these caves are in some cases so narrow that a moderately fat man has some difficulty in squeezing himself through them. Once inside, however, with the means of lighting a torch at command, and the scene that meets the view is magnificent. The arch, or roof of the main tunnel, is very lofty -so lofty indeed that visitors attempt in vain to hit the roof by throwing a stone perpendicu- larly. The diffused light admitted through both ends of the tunnel is sufficient to ren- der the scenery of the cave distinctly visible to explorers; but to enjoy the sight in per- foetion, it is necessary to use a very brilliant torch, or what is still better, the magnesium light. The latter produces an effect that is perfectly astounding. Water containing salts of lime has been percolating for ages through the superin- cumbent rocks, and having passed away, has left the lime which it hold in solution, deposited as stalactital and stalagmital matter on the walls and floor of the cave. This matter has assumed all sorts of gro- tesque and fantastic forms. Hence the flash of the magnesium light transforms the cave into a veritable Hall of Eblis. Quaint and grotesque statues stand all around the tourist. They hang on the wall; they de- pend from the roof; they stand up from the floor. You fool yourself for a moment on enchanted ground. Imagination, with her mystic wand, at once clothes these statues with the semblance of flesh and blood. They all wear the paleness of the tomb, for they are veritable marble, not yet com- pressed by pressure into the hard stone we call by that name, but still of the nature and substance of it. A close examination however soon dispels the illusion. A limy concretion which the explorer took to be the ghost of an old hag, and which almost seemed to gibber at him in the dimness of the distance, when closely examined turns out to be a misshapen lump of stalagmite, sufficiently like the outline of a woman to suggest to the fancy a closer resemblance. As the light falls on these apparent statues, their true nature becomes revealed they are stalactites and stalagmites, and nothing more. The dimonsions of this cave have been variously estimated. The length of the grand archway is said to be about three hun- dred yards; but others reduce the distance to two hundred and fifty paces. The northern entrance is seventy foot broad and fifty foot high; towards the centre it increases in breadth to about ninety foot, and the height to upwards of one hundrod foot ; while at the southern extremity it is full one hun- dred foot broad, and from seventy to eighty foot high. This tunnel at a short distance from its entrance inclines slightly to the right, and then resumes its straight course. It is, as we have already observed, open at both ends, that is, it is a natural tunnel worn out of the solid limestone rock by the long continued action of running water. Some of the subordinate caves, branching off from the main tunnel, have never yet been thoroughly explored. Near the north entrance there is a passage which forms nearly a right angle with the main archway. This passage is lofty, and extends for about one hundred and eighty foot or more, and then terminates in a low passage about two foot in height. Beyond this low narrow archway is a spacious cavern containing, amongst a number of quaint and grotesquely shaded stalagmites, two forms which bear a close resemblance to a pulpit and a tomb. Two other stalagmites, found in another part of the cave, are very like a washbasin with a roll of towelling suspended over it. Several passages of a like kind, branching off from the main tunnel, gradually contract until they become very small, and then widen out again into spacious caverns filled with the grotesque statuary already mentioned, and ornamented with stalactites depending from the roof and from ledges on the walls, in almost every variety of shape and of posi- tion. The cave contains the memorials of many visitations of it by different parties. Mr. Davidson enjoys the reputation of having discovered it; but this must mean that he explored and brought it into prominent notice, for local accounts say that it was known long before to stockmen and settlers in the neighbourhood. Since Mr. David- son's visit, and more especially of late years, it has been the resort of pleasure parties, who proceed thither on horseback in the summer season, carrying with them pro- visions, blankets, tents, and everything else required to make them comfortable during a few days' sojourn. Where the bush is thick and the crags are rude, And the silver Grove Greek sadly moans, As it winds along in mournful mood, O'er beds of white and wave-worn stones; Whore kangaroos and opossums food, And wild birds warily wing their flight, And mountain blossom and verdant wood Adorn the cracks in the stalagmite; Where scarlet flowers their bloom display To the eager parrot's observant eye, And the woods resound at the dawn of day With the wonga wonga's plaintive cry. And should the party include a concertina, flute, or violin player in their number, terpsichore receives an ovation, and the caverns ring with the Royal Irish, the Oc- toroon Waltz, or the College Hornpipe. These excursions, although involving a con- siderable amount of fatigue and trouble, are often pleasure parties indeed. It is a great thing to carve out a fortune with your sword, or a niche in the temple of history; but it is a much smaller matter to carve your name on the walls of a cavern, or on the time-worn stones of a moss-clad ruin. Yet it would appear that the latter mode of achieving immortality is extensively patronised by colonial tourists in search of the picturesque. Unquestionably the Browns, Smiths, Joneses, and Robinsons, who visit caverns, are all scribbling animals, and ambitious of leaving a name behind them that shall be read by a distant pos- terity. The ingenuity which some of those gentry display in writing their names in such a style as that the inscription shall re- main uneffacable, is worthy of all admira- tion. It is the only sort of immortality a great many of them are likely over to achieve. One gentleman put himself to the trouble of manufacturing a bush ladder out of a sapling, up which he climbed, and as a result his name stands inscribed on the top of a lofty stalagmite in the Abercrombie Caves, where it will doubtless remain for many future years, more particularly as nobody would take the trouble of climbing up to it to blot it out. The usual plan is to blacken the wall with a candle, and then, with a pointed stick or nail write the name on the black ground, which process will, of course, cause the letters to be white. Others carve their name on the soft stalagmite with a nail or a penknife, and leave it there for the admiration of future visitors; while others of a less ambitious turn of mind, are satisfied with inscribing their particular patronymic on the wall of the cavern with a burnt stick. Amongst the inscriptions on the stalagmites of these caves will be found the name of one of our governors, and those of a large number of residents in the western districts. There are thousands of theose inscriptions on the walls, but the accuracy of some of them are questionable, We know one gentleman who chronicled his visit to the caves as the visit of Mrs. Brown and thirteen small children. When the railway is open to Bathurst, we have no doubt that numerous pleasure parties will be organized in Sydney, for the purpose of visiting these caves, as well as the larger and still grander caverns situated in the limestone rocks of the Fish River valley. 