TO "WHAT FRANCE OWES HER DOWNFALL. From the Neve of the World . It is singular that the principle which Louis Napoleon invoked to secure his elevation to tho throno of Franco, should havo in tho end ruined him. It wab upon corruption that he relied to accomplish his ambition, nnd corruption han eateo mm up. rue triun is ioiu oy nis vase army on pnper, capily enough to marshal in bureaus but very incffoctivo against nn actual fue; chnsseputs by the million, duly noted and registered, receipted nnd paid for, hut never delivered ; mountains of fixed ammunition, properly rolled and mudc up, but composed for tho most part of non-oxplosjvo sand, answering nil the requirements of weicht but nothing olae ; imperfect fuses, lightingroadily, but going out before rosults could bo reached, nnd shells constructed so ns to oxploda harmlessly in tho air and not in tho enemy's lines. No such Hugo, festering mass of corruption and rascality has ever bean revealed to tho world as tbnt of tho late French Empire. It fairly recks to heaven. Tho talk of onothor coup d 'utfit is not by any means ns wild ns it would scorn at tho first glanco. Tho largo army of plunderers who had such a good tirao under tho Empire, forging vouchors for chassopots in largo numbers and pocketing tho proceeds— appropriating tho 2000 francs demanded from each poreon conscripted, who did not wish to servo— drawing rations and pay for a largo and profitahlo nrmy on paper represented by mere numerals, created nt a dash of tho pen, but ns expensive to tho nntionnl tronsury ns real live soldiers with backs to clothe nnd stomachs to fill— tlicso blood-HUckors and vampiroo, the legitimate spawn of a Govornmont founded on corruption, will net givo up so long as tboro is oven a ghost of a show to bring back thoir wooden Cmsnr and set him on high, to bo worshipped by nil men, whilo they devoto nil their energies to "tho clean, lug out of whatever is now loft of manhood, honour, and vitality lu tho French nation. The restora tion, or attomptod restoration of Louis Napoleon, is not only a possibility but n probability. 