NEWS AND NOTES. If we may judge from the Age, the old-hat opposi tion is appalled at the prospect of a dissolution. The Age is getting wonderfully constitutional all at once in its endeavors to impress the world with the heinous- ness of talking about a dissolution. Ho doubt there is a formal right in the appeal of our melancholy and excited contemporary, though he has himself ad mitted that the present Assembly was elected for one purpose—the old-hat one of voting to order. As from the unscrupulous champion of some of the worst phases of M'Cullochism, the following apothegm by the Age is a treasure—“ The greatest curse the colony could possess is a dependent Parliament.” We en tirely agree with our contemporary, and therefore shall not be sorry to see an early disbanding of the present ragged regiment which was got together for the most part under the despotic regime of M'Cullochism. The letter-from J. H. Jones is in type, but cannot now appear. The business at the Western Council lasted three hours and a half yesterday; Some of the councillors came in when an hour had gone, and one when two hours had gone. Of course this may have been in evitable, only it looks exceedingly unbusiness like. An elegantly engrossed and illuminated framed and glazed testimonial was. presented to ex- Mayor M'Dowal], in recognition of his services during his term of office. Mr Inspector Ryall, who has been for some time past head of the detective force, has now been trans ferred to Ballarat, where he takes Mr Inspector Beaver’s place. Mr Ryall’s many friends, as well as those who have cause to appreciate his courteous and gentlemanly demeanor, will be glad of his return. John Moran, a miner working in the No. 3 Band and Albion Consols shaft, sprained his ankle very badly while walking home on Tuesday evening. He was removed to the district hospital. A special meeting of the Bungaree Eoad District Board was held yesterday at the board-room, at Leigh Creek. No business was done, and the meeting was merely adjourned until to-day, when a conference will be held with both the Ballarat Borough Councils. We are glad to learn that the person who collected the money for the widow of the miner killed in the Winter’s Freehold mine, has paid the money, £l2 14s, over to the widow, who expresses her thanks for his land exertions. A man namod Michael Healy met his death in rather a curious manner, at his dwelling, Hertford street, Sebastopol, on Tuesday. He went home very drunk, and locked himself in his room. After his wife had knocked at the door for some time and received no answer, she broke into the room, and found her husband dead, with his head in a foot-bath full of water. An inquest was held yesterday, when a ver dict was returned to the effect that Healy’s death was caused by suffocation, through his having acci dentally fallen into the foot-bath while in a state of intoxication. A man named Richard. Sharp got into trouble in Esmond street yesterday. While walking round the Eastern borough he fell in with Anne M'Sweeny, bet ter known as Black Annie, Mary Ann Coghlan, and an old woman named Rogers, all well and unfavorably known to the police. With them he went to a house in Esmond street, where he was knocked down, vio lently assaulted, and robbed of £6 7s. Sharp was very roughly handled, for he had three very severe scalp wounds, one on the temple and two on the back of the head. The wounds wepe inflicted with a glass tumbler. One of the “ bullies" probably Baved Sharp’s life by preventing the three women frqm maltreating him mrther. The three women were arrested by Ser geant Lamer and Constable Eagan during the after noon, and will appear at the police-court this morn ing. In the action of Jennings v the Bank of Austral asia, for the detention of bills receivable on demand before a discount liability was settled, his Honor Judge Rogers delivered judgment yesterday in the Gopaty Court. His Honor nonsuited the plaintiff, holding that the bank had a right to hold bills given to them by their customer in the ordinary way of business till his liability on the discounted bill was settled.. . ' " We (Merctipj) understand that the Presbyterian Congregation of Daylesford have resolved by an almost unanimous vote, viz:—ninety votes to fourteen, to purchase an hannonium. The’fact is bnt one among many, other indications of the prevailing re action against Puritanical forms of worship.. Messrs Wheeldon and Bickett waited on the "West ern Council yesterday, asking a vote in aid of the School-of Mines. The matter was referred pro forma to the finance committee, but it was understood that £lOO would be voted. " A large deputation waited on the Western Council yesterday, asking that the levels in Doveton street may be lowered between Sturt and Mair streets, and at the Argyle hotel, Soldiers’ Hill. Doubts of its legality were expressed, and the matter was referred to the works committee for report. The new Treasurer’s organ, the Geelong Advertiser, says that even the members for Ballarat did not know of the M'Culloch appropriation of the £25,000 belong ing to Ballarat water-supply, and asks “Why should it now be charged against the members of the present Governmemf’'that they were not better informed ? However, sufficient has now transpired in reference to the shabby way in which the loyalty of the Ballarat constituencies has been rewarded by those who were so highly indebted to them, and as the Legislature will now be in session there will, no doubt, be efforts made by the Government to give every consideration to the just claims of Ballarat, as well as to those of all other constituencies, and thus manifest their desire to deal fairly and with an even hand with all parts of the colony." “ The one point,” says the Telegraph, “on which the country requires to be satisfied is the disposition of the new men to work honestly in the departments, and to legislate earnestly in the House. If Mr Macpherson has these as his. objects, and can make them manifest, he will have set his back against a rock, and may defy his foe. His opponents will re cognise that his strength is the country-r-a country already sickened by faction and corruption in its high courts and places, and which we believe is longing for peace and for honesty, with a depth of feeling never yet appreciated. If the Assembly does not recognise this fact in its treatment of the Ministry, all that can be said is that the Assembly has ceased to repre sent the community.” The meeting of the’ Water-Supply Committee has been again postponed in consequence of the meeting as to deep quartz mining, to be held this evening. The time now fixed is Friday, at half-past Beven o’clock p.m. At a meeting of the Clune3 Fire Brigade, held on Monday, 14th I 1 ebruary, under the presidency of Cap tain Franklyn, it was resolved that the resignation of the Easter Fair Committee be accepted, and that a committee be formed of the elective officers with power to each to add one person to the number. Messrs W. Thompson, Fell, Argil], Glass, MTntosh, Moritz, and J. C. Weickhardt were thereon placed on the committee. The committee is to canvass the town for subscriptions, and the ladies are to assist in the matter. Jack-in-the-Green is also to be solicited to give the valuable assistance of himself and party on. the occasion. In the supper room Alfred Hall on this and next evening will be exhibited a • magic lantern and dis tributed 150 prizes to visitors. On Monday the Daylesford district coroner held an inquest on the body of a fine little boy named Nan kervis, who was burned to death on Saturday, in West- street. The local journal says:—“ The fate of the poor child has been that of hundreds. The mother went out of the house for some water, leaving the child outside, and the door open. There was a fire in the room, and the sufferer re- entered it in the mother’s absence, found a piece of paper, and set his dress in a blaze. When she returned, he was lying across the threshold, with his clothes reduced to tinder, and his body fearfully injured. Death came to his relief in two hours.” Our Daylesford contemporary says:—“We under stand that the young man who was killed List week by the falling of a slab in the True Blue claim, Barry's Beef, was heir to property worth £16,000. It is said money was to be forwarded by the mail now due, to take him home. He formerly worked in the O’Hara Burke, Daylesford." “ S. T. ” writes as an old steeplechase starter in England to suggest, with reference to the late Miners’ Kace Steeplechase, that the timbers were too strong, and should be notched so as to break mere easily and lighten the fall, “ and hot occasion a somersault as in the case of Dalrymple.” The usual fortnightly meeting of the Sebastopol branch, Ho. 2, of the Ballarat Hibernian Society, was held on Monday evening last, at the Mechanics’ Insti tute, Sebastopol, considerable interest being mani fested by the members in these proceedings. There was a large attendance. The president, Br Michael Corbett, occupied the chair. The usual routine busi ness having been disposed of, the chairman, on behalf of the officers and brothers, took the opportunity of presenting to Br John Martin a handsome illuminated address as a slight recognition for the mauy valuable services rendered them during his term of office. After the conclusion of the business, those present re tired to the National hotel for refreshment, where they spent a few hours in songs and conviviality. By reference to our advertising columns it will he seen that a series of meetings is to be held in and around Ballarat in connection with the Hew Hebrides Mission of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria; A yearly visit of the" missionship Dayspring is paid to the colonies, and this year the senior missionary, Dr Geddie, has accompanied the vessel, and along with the Rev. D. M‘Donald,-the convener of the mission committee of the church, is about tojvisit the Presby tery of Ballarat as a deputation to advocate the claims of the mission. The first of these meetings is to be held to-morrow afternoon at Learmonth, to be followed by one the same evening at ■ Coghill’s Creek, and we have little doubt but the interest of the sub ject and the presence of Dr Geddie will attract many to hear how the work is progressing in the islands referred to. Mr Denis M'Carthy O’Leary; barrister-at-law (says the Mansfield Independent), has expressed his inten tion of contesting the Murray District with Messrs Patrick Perkins,-Duncan Gillies, M. G." Byrne, or any other gentleman who may think proper-to advance a claim for the honor of representing this constituency in the Legislative Assembly, and it is certain that in this part of the district. Mr O’Leary would receive an overwhelming majority, while his chance of election would be an excellent one through the entire district.” Local Land Boards are to sit at Sandhurst and at Kyneton during the next fortnight. Relative to the board in Melbourne, the Telegraph says:—“The duties of the board will in future be entrusted to Mr M‘Lellan, the President confining himself to the routine works of the office; which are sufficiently onerous to require his undivided attention. The arrangement will, no doubt, greatly convenience the public.” On Sunday, Bishop Perry preached at Geelong against the pomps and vanities of the world. The Advertiser adds that his sermon was singularly ap propriate, the church being filled by a fashionably dressed congregation. In our Tuesday’s issue we inadvertently ascribed to the Telegraph instead of the Age the quotation made relative to a chair of moral philosophy in the Melbourne University. Mr Duffy writes to the Argus stating, on the authority of Mr Taylor, M.P., for Leicester, that he was wrong in classing Switzerland with the countries having unpaid Parliaments. In conclusion he says:— “ When tins question is taken up anew, therefore, we must understand that there is but one state outside this Australian continent, and that state one whose Parliament is younger than our own, and therefore still engaged in tentative processes, which does not compensate those who make the laws as well as those who administer them. In England, where payment was formerly the practice, the right to payment, according to the late Lord Chancellor Campbell, still exists at common law, and can, of course, like all rights, be enforced.” A murderous assault was committed at the Hollow or Hedi station, King River, on Friday, through which (states the 0. and M. Advertiser) an unfortunate man has, in all probability, been maimed for life. Mr H. N. Simson, of Tatong, recently forwarded a flock of sheep to the station named, several of the men in his employment also proceeding thither in charge. On Friday a quarrel ensued between two of the men— Mr Frost, one of the overseers, and the person em ployed as cook—owing to the former finding fault with the latter’s culinary skill. High words ensued, and the cook became so enraged that he presented a pistol and fired at Frost point blank in the face. The ball entered his right cheek, smashing the bone of the face, and traversing the lower plate of the orbit. Frost was brought to the Ovens District Hospital last night, when the bullet, a conical one, which had been considerably flattened by contaot with the bones, was skilfully extracted by Dr Mousse. The ball, when extracted, was impacked near the vertebral column, a depth of about two inches from where it entered, and, as may be imagined, the dislodging of a substance of this description from such a position was no easy matter. It is almost certain that Frost will lose the sight of his eye,;although from present appearances he has a fair chance for his life. Last night’s Herald says —“Assuming the minis terial organs to be correct in their foreshadowing of the policy to be unfolded, there will, we think, he more than surprise in the Assembly at the questions of payment of members and of education being not included in the ministerial programme. Mr Dufiy’s letter has opportunely coqie to sJjqw qs that we are almost a solitary exception among civilised states. All parties are agreed that payment of members is a ne cessity, and there would not be much opposition to a measure for that purpose. The educational discussion never will be settled until a Ministry bold enough shall grapple with it, and fight it out until the battle on it has been fairly won.” By the Gothenburg we have received files of Hew Zealand papers to the 9th inst. Of war news, there is nothing of later date than that forwarded from Syd ney. Those interested in the progress of geological science in Victoria will be pleased (says the" Argus) to learn that the post of Government Geologist, formerly held by Mr Selwyn, has been filled by the appointment of Mr D’Oyley Aplin, of Queensland. The office wa» first offered to Mr Ulrich, and declined by that gentle- Jolm Dalrymple, the steeplechase jockey, has im proved considerably since Monday night, and was : more sensible yesterday than he had been since his admission to the hospital. A report of the Buninyong race3, which took place yesterday, will be found in another column. At the Buninyong Police-court yesterday, before Mr Warden/Taylor and Mr Brown, J.P., Senior-constable 0 Neil charged a Mrs Drew and a young man named Powell with obstructing him in the execution of his _ duty, while Mrs Drew charged Powell with having used abusive language towards her. Both Maes were heard, and the result was, that Powell was fined £o, with the alternative of one month’s impri sonment, and Mrs Drew was fined 40s, with the. alter native of seven days’ imprisonment. The cases arose from 0 Neil having arrested Drew in default of distress. A lad, son of the Rev. Gualter Soares, of Sebastopol, was out shooting with another lad yesterday, when he was accidentally shot in the arm by his companion. We learn that the shot, completely shattered young Soares arm, and that Dr Hillas, who attended him, had to remove several pieces of hone. The haunted house in Golden Square, Sandhurst, has again excited attention. On Friday night a party from Long Gully betook themselves to the place in order to lay” the ghost, aud after a thorough search of the premises 'they succeeded in elucidating the mystery. One of the party opened a cupboard which had been previously overlooked, on opening which something white was observed lying in the bottom, which, on being examined, proved to be a garment of linen formed like a shroud, painted a ghastly white, and having a pair of wings at the arm holes, which had evidently been placed in concealment to do service when required. The young man Adolphus Thevis, charged with ob taining goods by means of false pretences, was brought up at the Central Police-court, Geelong, on Monday, and was remanded until next day. The luggage, which went on by the train on Saturday night, was sent down on Monday, and was found to contain a con siderable quantity of valuable property, including the gold watch obtained from Mr Bradley, the jeweller. At the meeting of tho Ballaratshire Council on Mon day, Mr Thomas Axford was appointed inspector of slaughter-yards to the shire. There were eight other applicants, the office being tendered for at a per cent age on the fees collected. Measures are being taken (says the Argus) to give the new- land regulations still wider publicity in fo reign countries. It is considered especially desirable to make them well known in Germany, as a country likely to furnish a good class of immigrants, and with this object a number of copies are being printed in the 1 German language for transmission by the next .Euro pean mail. All the foreign consuls here will also be provided with copies of the regulations. Says Tuesday’s Argus .- “ The new Vice-President of the Board of Land and Works (Mr M'Lellan) took his seat for the first time at the board on Saturday, and assisted in the transaction of business. He also occupied a seat at the board yesterday, when a consi derable amount of business of a routine character was disposed of. Though the regulation restricting the days of business at the Lands Office to four per week has not been absolutely revoked, it has been sus pended, and the office was yesterday open to the pub lic. During the last month or so the doors have been closed on Mondays.” Tuesday’s Telegraph says:— K The Surveyor-General is expected in town to-morrow, from his tour through out the Western district. A report has already pre ceded him, in which he enters very fully into the ob jections which have been urged against throwing open the commons for selection, and he recommends that the act be left to its operation over the greater portion of such commons. The telegrams which have from time to time obtained publicity, representing the feel ing of the residents to be adverse to the selection of the commons, Mr Skene has found to be greatly ex aggerated, and totally misrepresent the wishes of the inhabitants of the several townships he has visited.” Elizabeth Blackey was on Monday charged at the Castlemaine Circuit Court before the Chief Justice, with having wilfully murdered Thomas Blackey at Sailor’s Gully, Daylesford, oil 15th December. The circumstances of the case were fully reported at the time of the coroner’s inquest held on the body. His Honor summed up favorably for a lesser offence, and the jury after an hour’s deliberation returned a verdict of manslaughter. The Royal Commission is, it would appear, still in embryo, and may remain in that delightful state for some time to come, for all that is known to the contrary. Probably something fresh may turn up before many days have passed, and after the new ses sion has been fairly commenced. The Geelong . AdveHiser, advocating a line from Hamilton to Geelong, thus delivers itself on the Western District Railway question:—“Penshurst, Hexham, Mortlake, Terang, Camperdown, Colac, to Geelong is a line of country second to none in the number and flourishing condition of established agri cultural townships, whilst the untold wealth of the Otway ranges would be added to the already realised resources of the district. Nor would this exhaust the benefits which would certainly accrue from the adop tion of such a line of route, whilst Hamilton was giving the right hand to Geelong its left might be ex tended to the South Australian border, accommodat ing Branxholme, Coleraine, and Casterton, and tap ping South Australia, would thus connect that colony with the Victorian railway system, with the same beneficial results which flow from Riverina through Echuca, advantages which the construction of the north- eastern line i3 calculated to increase. There is a line of townships, each the centre of rich pastoral and fertile agricultural settlements, all the way along the direct line of route per Geelong to South Australia. No deviation from the line of route thus pointed out by nature herself, and endorsed by man, should be entertained for one moment. It may be asked how then is Ararat to be accommodated? The answer is simple and practical—by a direct line to Ballarat in the same way that Maryborough should be connected with Cas tlemaine. These are natural divisions which cannot be disregarded without present injustice, future loss and unavailing regrets.” 