' Ghosts from the Battle -field' Tub Paris correspondent of the Daily Telegraph gives the following account of the return of a few troops from the war: — ' There were from 150 to 200 mounted troops, in every kind of cavalry uniform, riding in the loosest of open order, and mingled pell-mell without distinction of uniform or gruae. There did not seem to be any officer m com mand i.f this strange squadron. Cuirassiers, hussars, lancers, chasseurs, light ^ dragoons, horse artillery, were all there, higgledy-piggledy, battered, ragged, dusty, dirty, jaded, but not ores t-1'alleD. Some were so fatigued that they could scarcely keep up in their saddles, and nodded till the plumes of their helmets mingled with the manes of their horses, hut they bad still bold words to say, and foul scorn to hurl at the Prussians. These spectral horsemen, these phantom dragoons, were the remnants of the defeat at Weissenburg. This corporal of liusBars was the sole representative of a whole troop, thoBe five lancers the only survivors of an entire squadron. The rest haJ perished in the fight, or were lying badly wounded in hospital. There are no wounded among these men who had iust troorjed in from the Eastern railway station depot at Grenelle to be ' re-formed.' Indeed they seemud to need reforming altogether, for unhurt soldiers, in a more deplorable state, I never saw. They looked eminently wretched, and for long days past had evidently been wholly divorced from soap, water, towels, and clothes brushes — to say nothing of blacking, heelball, polishing powder, pipeclay, and the other accesso ries of a smart cavalry soldier's toilet. Dinted back and breast-platee, dinted casques, smirched garments, torn plumes, spatter-daaaed incrueted with a fortnight s mud, and never a clean shirt, I should say, ainung the lot. Thus they came back a ragged regiment. The:.- '.as about these fragments and shreds, and scattered leaves whirled from the tempest-tossed 'battle-ik-ld, something of an essentially uusubstanlial and ghostly characLur. They looked pule to Hnearihliuess in the gaslight. Their steeds had a I'hudowy presence, and very soon, instead of resuming their march in a body, these waifs and strays of war scattered, and broke up in twos and threes, and as a body dissolved, I iuimd myself one of a group gathered round a solitary cavalier, a slim lad with a pale face, who was mounted on a big white horse. lie wus the kind of statue to ank to supper without the ritk ol fire and brimstone as a nightcap. He was a trum peter, and I fancy blew his own peculiar instrument, oratoriually speaking, lustily. He told us that tl e Prussians were smashed, riudled, blown i'p, crushed, pounded into powder, and stamped out. His own regiment, he said, had sabred ' mou -Udne of men.' So thickly was the ground cumbered with dead Prussians that the French artillerymen could scarcely wheel their guns along. ihey would have won the day had they not been betrayed.' 