: ' EXTRAORDINARY j SPIRITUAL : : :!??-.!..?.:?, ^PHENOMENA: v::.-- ????.'- '? ' We learn from an article in the' Queen that the Earl of i Dunrayen and. Lord, Adtvre , have printed . for private circulation a volume of ;considerable size, containing1 fifty-six 'r carefully : prepared re ports'.of as many sittings with Mr. Home, the celebrated' medium.: ,'Thej Earl of Dunraven in troduces these reports with , a preface, in which he states thai; he, went to' thb investigation com p'letely sceptical, and left1 it completely convinced. The investigations were made at Dunravon Castle and , at Lord . Dunraven's : mansion in London. They were thus made where only such' an examina-' tion wouldbe of any value-— in the ' house of the examiner, where he may- be positively secured against .the :, possibility of imposture by,.pre arrangemont of . mechanism. /Their, reports aro said to 'be very remarkable. Both attest to hav ing'seen Mri'Hdmo raised from the floor and'ear ried round: the i room, more- than once, in their ovra. salons, witli nonq present but a fow personal, friends,' arid .'therefore J making dollusion impos sible and' precluding' tho1 common explanation of delusion by tho 'presence . of, six witnesses to:the same fact at :the ,samo .moment.. . They certify not ' merely . to ' hayjng' seen, but to having measured, - an cxpimsidii 'of Mr. Homo's body by G in. an hoight. They have seen him carry 'li vo j coals in his hand and on his head, , his skin, boing unbiirnt and his hair unsinged, tlipugh thom sdlvcs could hot touch' the coal .Svitlidut a' burn;1 Theso aro alleged to be material facts .about which there can be no iui.stakov .Butj tho noblo lords describe morn, whicli is not cap'ablo of deriiorislirat'ivc pi-oof,' because it'iiiay be:ii subjec tive and not an'objectivboporation ; that is to say, the image may- bo in the mind only, and not actually existing without. But, howsoever to bo explained, both' assort that thoy havc'ropeitfcilly soon 'spirit ? ionns in then- room.' .Tncy (lesonue them as. being extremely shadowy,, :ra,thov out- lines thai} shapes, and thoroforo^ {?ho psychologist may be excused for setting them to tlio account of 'tho ^mind's eye ' instead of the body's oye. , This, observes the writer , of tho articlo referred to, is a common and a very probable result of tho adoption of the Spiritualist viow of tho phenomona that undoubtedly occur; aeoing unaccouutablo motions, and hearing inexplicable sounds that do nnmmiinlr-i)fj- Rnlllfitllinor t,li:)ti 1M intelllffiblo. though not always intelligent, the majority pf spectators, unablo to find a ready solution in paysiology, at onco set them to the account of spirits— which.is a convenient solution, for it will account For miything. Profoundly convinced that all is tho-work' of spirits, it is not surprising that thoy should oxpectto catchsomeglimpsesof tnojn visible beings whom they believe to bo moving about them, They strain their eyes to see, The wish' is father to' -the! thought. ' ?' By an every-day I Jiendency of the -mind- 'to' think -it sees what it expeots tosee, images ;really!formed in; the;inind and, existing pnlythere, are readily, supposed to b^, :arid,to'the;'uidividual really appear to be, ex ternal objects ; iand thus, . as ghosts are seen by those. who. believe and fear, so spirits are seenby those, 'who, firmly 'believing them to be :,there, in ' fact hope and. perhaps expect to seethem there ; arid.Hvhen .supposed, .to .be seen, the' description always given of ' a dim outline ' or shadow, some what indistinct, , betrays at once the true nature of the vision ; it is within, and not without. ' But all of this conjoint production of Lords' Dunrayen jmd/Adaroiishould,.be'\read,''1ifDmy;as'psychical buriosities, ! and as Jdemonstratlng':that it is not altogether an__imposture jpr ' a delusipnj' arid that there is some substantial truth at the bo.ttpm, of a jgreat superstructure 'of imagination which' it be hoves the scientific world, and above all the phy: biologist; to investigate for himself. ' ? ' ' 