"i~CONSClENTXOUS PARISH . ' / CLERK. An English parish clerkis generally an im ' portaht functionary. : He is half an ecclesias : fcicaloiScer, and in hisown opinion, at least, is a pillar of 'the .CJhurch. It is quite true that ;-~;the advance of civilisation and education has rubbed; off some of the; peculiarities which used 'to:" distinguish ! the parish clerk, ■ but there /are ^parishes; in V 'the' remoter ; districts of .England in which the species, . with its most marked peculiarities, is- still I'^toYbe found. - Such ' an one 'must have ' ^bean th'e writer of the subjoined,latter.': It is . the insst specimen of cringing sensibility, unctuous pious talk, and shrewd worldly ^wisdom that we have met with for a long time. must be a lineal descendant of Dr. ; ^viiibuthnot's.P.," ..that memorableparish ?.i i-jjlerk,'< over whose -happy memoirs-, ouj; .great' ':iigfandfathers- us6dta]augh:— The .Whitihaven Herald publishes the follow ing letter; which it • says was actually sent to his incumbent by the clerk of a parish in the diocese of York, under ckcumatances which are sufficiently suggestive in the document::— i. Dear Rev. Sir—I avail myself of the oppor tunity of troubling your honor with' these bluri dered-up. lines, ;which I hcpe you, will .excuse, which is the (very.(sentiments of your humble servant's heart, i ignorantly, rashly, but re luctantly gave warning to leave your highly : respectable office and most- amiable duty—of your most well-wished parish and place of my succor and support. But, dear sir, I well know it was.no fault of yours nor from any of my "most "worthy parishioners. - It was because I thought I were not sufficiently paid for the in terment of the silent dead. But will I be Judas; and leave thy . house of my God, the place' where His Honor dwelleth, for a few pieces of silver? No! "Will 1 be Peter, and deny myself of an office in His sanctuary, and cause me to weep bitterly ? No! Can I be so-unreasonable as to deny to ring the solemn toll that speaks the departure of a soul? No! Can I leave digging.the^tombs of my neighbors and acquaintances, which have' many a time made me to shudder and think of nty mortality when I dig up the remains of some as I well knew? No! And can I so abruptly for sake the service of my beloved church, of which I have not failed. to attend every Sunday for these seven and' a half - years, save one ? Nb 1 Can I,leave waiting upon you as a minister_of ihat Being that sitteth between the", cherubim, and that sitteth upon-the wings of the wind? No'! Can I leave the place where our most holy service nobly calls forth - and' says-—and. I being a married, man—"LetAto man.-put. asunder ?" No ! ' And can I leave that ordinance where - yod ; say- Thus and thus I baptisA theein the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and"become_ regenerated "and grafted into the body of Christ .Tesus?" ' No:! Can I think of leaving off cleaning the house of God in which-It'akesucha'delighf, in looking down her aisles "and beholding thesanotuary of. the" table of the Lord? "No! And'cahr" forsake ' taking a part , in the thanksgivuig of women .after childbirth, when 'my own 'wafe.hasbeeh'. "deffyefed these ten. times?, . .No;!," And can 1 leave off waiting on. the . congregation' of the l^rd^ which you wellTmow, sir, is my delight ? No j /And' can I forsake the table of the' Lord, i at "which I have feasted for, I shohld suppose, full thirty times? No! And, deaf sir,J/cari I ever forsake yohj who have ever been so kind.to me? No! And I well know you will hot entreat'' -me-toleave^norretnrn Jrom.following after yob,. for where you pray there will I pray, where you; worship, there will I worship; your church shall be my church, your people my people, and your-God my. God, _ "By the waters ofJBabylom am Itosit downand weep, and.leave thee and my* church, and hang my harp upon the trees that " grow therein? NoL:"One, thing_have I"de sired of the Lord which I will require, even' that I may dwell in the House of the Lord for' ever, to .behold the fair beauty of the Lord, and to visit His temple; more to be desired by me than gold—yea, than much fine gold; sweeteir to me than honey or the honeycomb," Now, Sir, this Is the very desire of my heart to wait upon yon, which I _ hope you will find to be- my delight, which hitherto has been, but I- unthinkingly and rashly said-- I-should no longer, for which I have roared for the very dis quietness of my heart. Now,-if jroii think me worthy to wait upon you, please ,telT"rthA Churchwardens iaJF is reconciled,; and if not, II will get me away.into" the* wilderness end/hide" me m the desert in the clefts pf the ipck; But I .still hope'to be yoim:Gfeha5a, and when I-meet my Shnnamite say,, " All/is wen."/-" 4nd l will conclude my Blunders /with". my-/ oft-repeated, prayer—"Glory "beto'thAFather, and .to ilie Sonvand to the Haly Ghost,-'as ifc was in th'e beginning, is now, and'' evershall' be,"world without,end.^.A^A?j/- ! •, Now, Sir, I sh^l gp/oh with my fees'the' same as L found them,' and/wiUmake no nrore.tr ouble about them; but I will not—I cannot—leave •trnnnnr-mv de'liErbtfillduties.- ' - ■ i Your most obedient servant,- . i ' G. G. 