OBITUARY. (From. " Men of the Age.") CHARLES DICKENS, the son of Mr. John Dickons, who held aposition in the Navy Pay Department, was born in Ports mouth in 1812. . At the close of the war his father retired on a pension, and came to London as Parliamentary reporter for one of the daily papers. His son Charles was placed as clerk in au attorney's office ; but a strong literary bias led to his obtaining, soon after, an engagement as a reporter on the Morning Chronicle, then in the zenith of its fame under Mr. John Black. . The editor, noticing his readi ness and versatility, allowed him. a theatre for the display of his graphic qualities by inserting those " Sketches. of English Life and Character," which were afterwards reprinted in a collec tive form, under the title of " Sketches by Boz," in 1836-7. Almost simul taneously with these appeared a comic opera from his pen, entitled "The Vil lage Coquettes." The graphic power of describing the ordinary scones of common life, more especially in their more ludicrous aspect, did not escape the attention of Messrs. Chapman and Hall, who accordingly requested " Boz" to write them a story as a serial in monthly parts, and the result was the publication of the " Posthumous Memoirs of the Pickwick Club." The subject was treated by "Boz" in a manner at once so easy, so graphic, and natural, and with such a flow of genuine humour, that the author found himself raised, almost at a single step, to the highest rank amongst living novelists. Illustrated at first by the pencil of Seymour, and subsequently by that of Hablot K. Browne, the " Pickwick Papers " found an enormous sale, and the name of the author was avowed to the world in 1838. Tho great success of " Pickwick " naturally led to a variety of offers being mnde to Mr. Dickens by tho London publishers,: and brought about the connection of the author with Mr. Bontley, who j engaged his aervice3 as editor of his " Miscellany," in the second number ol I which, in February, 1837, appeared the first instalment of* " Oliver Twist." This story, which was published com plete in three volumes at the closo of 1838, lets the roader into some of the secrets of life, as it used too frequently to be found in the parish union work, houses, and in the dark haunts of thiev ery and villany which farm so black a blot upon London and the larger cities in the provinces. Admirably illustrated by the pencil of George Cruickshank, "Oliver Twist" at once became a popular favourite, and it continues still to be regarded as one of the author's happiest productions. Meanwhile " Nicholas Nipkleby" ap peared in shilling numbers, uniform with "Pickwick," shortly after the completion of that work. " Nickleby " was written to expose in detail the cruelties which were then, and are still, it is to bo feared, practised upon orphans and other neglected children of the middle classes at cheap schools, especially in some of the northern counties. Mr. Dickens tells us, in the preface of this book, that these dis. closures resulted from a visit of inspec tion paid by himself to a school of the , " Dotheboys " class in the wolds of Yorkshire. In 18 AO Mr. Dickens J undertook the production of a story, or ; rather of a series of stories, in weekly numbers. It was entitled "Master Humphrey's Clock," and contained, amongst other talcs, those since re published in a separate form, under the names of "The Old Curiosity shop," famous for its episode of " Little Nell," so remarkable for its pathos and aim plicity ; aud of "Barnaby Rudge," a tale illustrative of the senseless riots connected with the name of Lird George Gordon, in the year 1780. The pen of Mx. Charles Dickens was henceforth almost incessantly plied. About the time of the publication of " Master Humphrey's Clock," appeared his "Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi," the celebrated clown, almost the only pro duction of his pen which deals with the plain prose of facts. Soon after the com pletion of "Master Humphrey's Clock," Mr. Charles Diekeus set sail for America, for the purpose of preparing himself for the publication of a work upon men and manners in the New World. Whilst there he visited a great part of the United States, and accumu | lated a store of materials, which he j gave to the world on his return to England, in 1842, under the name of "American Notes for General Circula tion. Many of the author's statements were much controverted by our Yankee cousins, and the book provoked a reply, under the facetious title of " Chauge for 4.merican Notes." In 1844 he published "Martin Chuzzlewit" in numbers. In the summer of the same year he paid a visit to Italy, and many of the results of his observations were I subsequently given to the world in the Daily News. Returning to England in Jthe course of 181.5, he suggested the Inundation of a cheap daily newspaper, wBictt" sftdttld-^BMTTy-athweate tho sjSread of liberal politics and""&6G»lar education at homo, whilst abroad ib~ should show itself the sworn enemy of despotic and arbitrary power. Having organised a large literary staff, and surrounded himself with some of the loading writers of the day, he com menced the Daily News, January 1, 1846, acting as the editor, and contri buting to its columns, as we have already mentioned, his sketches from the south of Europe, under the at tractive title of "Pictures of Italy," which were afterwards reproduced in a collective form. After a few months Mr. Dickens withdrew from his editorial post, and returned to his former lino of humorous serial publications, varying, however, their monthly appearances with the occasional production of some stories of a more strictly imaginative cast, called " Christmas Books." Of these the first, " A Christmas Carol," was published so far back as 1843; the second, " The Chimes," appeared at Christmas, 1845; the third, " The Cricket on the Hearth," followed in 1846; the fourth, "The Battle of Life " 5 the fifth, " Tbo Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain," in 1818. Besides the above, Mr. Dickens has published "Dombey and Son" (1847-8), " The History of David Copperfield (1849-50), " Bleak House" (1853), " Little Dorritt" (1856) ; also " A Tale I of Two Cities; " " The Uuncommercial Traveller ; " and " Great Expecfca i tions ; " which last three were reprinted from " All the Year Round." In 1850 Mr. C. Dickens started " Household Words, a cheap weekly literary mis cellany, which he conducted for some years ; but a quarrel having arisen between him and his publishers, he brought it to a conclusion in 1859, and established in its place another, similar m plan and form, entitled "All the Rear Round," which he still conducts. A new illustrated serial story from Mr. Dickens's pen, entitled "Our Mutual' Friend," was commenced May, 1864. Mr. Dickens bas earned a high reputa tion as an Amateur actor, and was one of the founders of the Guild of Litera ture and Art, and has likewise been an active promoter of the Royal Librarv Fund. J J Mark Lemon, editor of Punch, was born in the neighbourhood of Oxford street; London, November 30, 1809. He was for some years a writer for the stage, and as a member of the Guild of Literature and Art occasionally donned the sock and boskin. He was one of the knot of authors who estab lished Punch in 1811, and from the first acted as joint-oditor ; but on the secession of Mr. Henry Mayhew, Mr. Lemon succeeded to the chief 'post, which he has since retained to the present time (December, 1864). He is the author of upwards of sixty dramatic pieces,and has written largely in " Household Words," the Illustrated News, and other publications. Ha is also the author of "The Enchanted Doll," a fairy tale; "The Christmas Hamper," prose and verse collections of stories ; " Legends of Number Nip and " Wait for the End " and " L:ivod at Last," two novels, each in throe volumes. He has also edited a collec tion of jests, and written some liuudred sougs. 