NEWS BY THE ENGLISH MAIL. PARIS. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) July 16th. The excitement of the French for a foreign war is quite a different thing from that of a revolution. In the latter political passions are divided-there is fratricidal hate and pitiless revenge. In the former, as is the case now, the whole nation rises as one man, to shako the great affliction real or imagined- off. All voices are for war, and though wisdom may cry out as loud as she pleases in the streets, no one regards her. No doubt in their dreams, the French see only visions of the shocks of armies. Dogs dream of bones, and fishermen of fish, and the military char acter of the Gauls is as intensified. Fighting is their natural element; peace, but apparently, a rest before re- engage ment. In Europe, France must be first; -this position she will never abdicate, while a drum and a bugle can call her sons to glory. The parting with life has no terrors for them-head-foremost they plunge into danger,-tho more diflicult the more honourablo, and truly "seek the bubble reputation at the cannon's mouth." Incapable to restrain a jealousy most sensitive, the French since 1866 have chafed at the sight of Prussian aggran disement. They have with unconcealed rage seen Bismarck eating up the petty rulers of Germany to carry out the greatest idea of modern times-the unifi cation of sixty millions of people, kept apart by the selfishness or ambition of Lilliputian potentates. IHe desired to gather the scattered Teutous into one fold, under one shepherd. Heo had arranged everything, it only required the " old horse," as lie openly described the King-to take the fence and clear it. The old horse, full of mettle still, without spurring, was equal to the occasion. Since that successful leap in the dark the French parliament, the club orators, the press, have never lost an occasion to braid the Emperor with having failed to uphold the legitimate dignity of France. Tith this lesson brought home to men's business and bosoms, a state of chronic unrest was duly produced, and reflected in a general instability of trade and com mrrce. It was the shadow of Prussia that caused all. Hence only a spark was required to fire the train-a word to slip the nation from its leash. The French Foreign Secretary applied the match, expressed the word, nod two of the most advanced nations in civilization-fright fully energetic, oextremely rich, with enormous resources-settle for the spring at each other's throats. France, the home of wit, the centre of intelligence, with lihr history of sacrifices for human liberty, goes to decimate Germany, the land of science and philosophy, the birth place of thought, of reform, the country of dcetho and Schiller, and to be doci nitated in return. I)ruaw a veil over civilization. Let's talk of graves, of worms, of epitaphs, Let's ope " The purple Testament of bleeding war." In so secretly convoeying the offer of the Crown of Spain to Leopold Hlohen zolleru, both Prim and Bismnarek intended to cast a slight on Franco-it was so viewed and resented. Thie Prince, to save the Continent a bloody struggle, resigned thie bauble. Here again Prussia did not go out of her way: to be comnplientary to France. Yit was Leopold's papa that informed Prim and the French Prime Minister e of his son's disinterestedness, and d the minister, overjoyed, broke through is all diplomatio etiquette, by hawking the t telegram about, and boasting the honour p of France was saved, and peace secured. r But he reckoned without his host. The f latent burning desire of the nation-of s the army-to cross bayonets with the f Germans-was awakened; war must be s arranged-a per secured to fasten a v quarrel on Prussia. Perish the ministry that cannot secure this-and a few hours ] will show the number of their days. King c William must eat humble pie that would r imperil his throne, or fight ; he must v sign a humiliating bond, undertaking never to consent to Leopold's being kingt hereafter-he broke faith about the treaty of Prague-conjure that before 1 his eyes like a Banquo's ghost. Butdon't r let him slip this time through our fingers a when the army is so perfectly prepared, the cause just, and the weather fine. The I R Legislature and the Emperor must be the t interpreters of the national feeling. A ' plague on your Parliamentary system, a that gives ministers unequal to the oo casion. Recall ambassadors --proclaim war against Northern Germany-placard D it over the walls of Paris, the towns of d the empire-take Luxembourg to-day, Coblentz to-morrow-occupy Berlin the day after. Finish within our chartered ( Stime,. three days. Breakc up the Con federation. Tlhe villauy Bismarck taught s let us execute, by annexing Rhenish Prussia-restore Sleawig to the gallant Danes, whom we left to struggle alone in 1864--restore George the Fifth to his loving Hanoverians-.fohn to his Saxons c -and set 'Southern Germany free, and j give a hand to the resuscitation of Austria, . Such is to be the programme. e In demanding King William to do more than what wtie originally demanded, France has. evoked the resistance of the Confederation, The Germans are not despicable troops, and France will fight now under conditions different from the , divided days of 1808. She has recalled I her children who are employed in France, largely as conunercinl clerks, and ex i tensively as hewers of wood and drawers 0 of water. It must be a relief for them to depart for the confederate Landwehr The demonstrations against them by the populace were at boiling point. The war journals had fallen back on the literature of animosity. Anything is good enough to throw at a dog. The Berangers of the cafe concerts have given ballads of their best, all attuned to the .Marseilluise-and the burthen of which is that the Prussians will never reign in France. England had the honours of this prediction formerly, then during the Crimean times it passed to the Russian. The old properties have some virtue still. In a few days the theatres will keep the sacred flame burn ing by screaming farces and genteel comedies at the expense of Fatherland. Paris seem to live in its streets. "No thoroughfare," might be noticed up, in principal ,rues. It is a contagious block ado-of excited masses demanding war crying aloud for satisfaction-and the more profound, because the want cannot be specifically diagnosed. Young ( men of all classes paraded the streets, a with tricolours, vociferating for war s \- " Down with the Prussians - "with Bismarck." But long live France, the cabinet of "honest men," as the 0 members styled themselves, only creep ted. Its attitude has been epileptical,- b discretion and indiscretion; its conduct at once _r~nh, o?,1b., end inconslstent: Instead of mounting the Capitol to thank the gods, it ought to pass to the Tarpeian rock "--Fittest goal of Treason's race." The Emperor bows to the nation. He will lead the army to the glory and so cure a dozen years of peace at home, and the advent of his son to the throne, 1 despite the knocking at the gates of 1 France, by the Orleanist Princes, for admission. Ilo cannot resist the current of the national feeling, so, like Brennus the Gaul, he throws his sword into the scale. The preparations are most formidable. All the railways are occupied in trans. 1 porting military stores to the frontier, rs well as men to use them. The moveable 1 National Guard, where every man of a fighting ago must serve, without distinc. tion, is being rapidly mobilised, and will occupythe militarypositionsof the empire, while the regular army is cutting its way to Berlin. Spain counts as nothing in this affair. r France regards her as but the cat's paw. o However, she will be watched on the frontier. The struggle opens with a duel betwei'n France and Prussia. The wind k is being sown, but how many of the " neutrals" will escape reaping the whirl wind ? Italy is sure of Rome. What ; will the Czar (lo-it is time to be looking after his " sick man." If int'r arna silent le-.cs be true, it will also hold good in the case of general news. lWhere is the country indifferent to a commotion in Europe ? low small appears the passing of the dogma of infallibility. It is one Grand Lamamnore. It is not so much the official ratification of an accepted position after the lapse of Seighteen centuries, as the declaration of Swar between the Church and Society, and Swhich will in time bear fruit, in separa Sting churches from states. To-day we want the clergy of Lutheoranians and t Catholiciasm, to pray to the God of battles; to-morrow, to chant a De Pr'o fundis, and in a week a T )cumin. The sittings of the High Court of Justice at Blois-tho transport of the sixty accused a their trial-pshawln! Ths Lyons cxhlibi. tion, and the reputedl Chinese massacre, a pass as unheeded as the moon's total e eclipse. Give us the statistics of iron. d clads, of CUhasscpots, of those mitrailleuses on both sides, that promise to end the Swar, by leaving no combatants to con tinuo it. What about the economy effectd in the Budget,--the suppression of the "Inspector of Emigration," who had no emigrants to inspect. All very st excellant; it gives more grist to the war. t. mill. But vote supplies at pleasure for ;h the army of reserve, for rifled cannon, Sand repeating carbines. The strike at Mulhlouse, amone 20,000 artisans, inclu .ding the hoenus bh, guill of sweepsP It is but a flash in the pan. Pass to the Slatest telegram ; the hundredth edition of . the situation, --thle plan of the German fortressea,-thlo calculation when the tri colour will float at Berlin,-the condi r tions of peace, and the day when P'aris will illuminate for victory. The "drought" is forg 'ten like every thing else. hut it Fraice is able to pay for her glory she can also pay for a f famineo. In a river skirting Fontainebleau 1- there is a hugeo houller in the bed now d dry, and which has not been seen since o two centuries when the last dreadful :o drought afflicted France. At that period , was engraved on the stone, "Those who is have seen me cried, and those who may e again view shall weep." Tears are in the us ascendant. Every allowance must be made for tihs crisis we are passing through. A fe.v days ago a gentleman threw up his draw ing-room window and fired off the con tents of a six-chambered revolver. The police believing the Prussians had arrived, rushed up-stairs and the gentleman in formed them that his wife had just pr. - sented him with a son and heir, an.; following the etiquette of royalty lie d, - sired. to give all eclat to the event, and wanting cannon had t6 patronise a piste'. -No one can accuse the demi monde ,ri Paris with having the slightest modicu ,a of humanity, and Dumas fls seems war ranted in his assertion that this class ,(" women are useful in preying upon thei: dupes-a sccial plague-by destroysi~ them. Do I exceed the bounds of pr.. priety in revealing, that so great is hl,r luxury of the modern Paphiiais, that is requires the united purses of two or thiree slavish fools to meet it. When one lies no ready money a promissory note ho'l I good, there are discounters enough ti take the paper for one-half it representl: Thus many a "promnising boy" is ruinid, and in his fall he brings down his family. Schumacher La Blruyere was a noted "soiled dove;" she entrapped the n.it SMarquis d'Orvault to marry her. HI? f died some eighteen months ago, in con - sequence of his exposure during the trial of a brother of the " marchioness,. I daughter of a cab-man, for an attempt t , \- murder her for her money. 'lTi. t "marchioness" has appeared in court It t recover the sum of 100,000 franrs, thli t amount of a bill given to her by one oh' a her "adores ;" ,M. de tuayuin-since deadl s -the executors declined to recognise th. s claim, the Tribunal declared they sier, I justified, as the bill represented only pu,'e tinsm atupri, or,in other words, immorulity and shame. There is an advertising sheet dni!v brought out in this city. Following other advanced nations it has opened a. " matrimonial column," and there are nti less than four widows, who descrihbe e themselves as rich, young, and gout. 3 looking, " wanting husbands." Aplh cants must be army officers, and on active service. The pleasures of a second widowhood. In scientillfic progress there is to be re corded the discovery-of Chemist Bechamp!, who has at last found the philosopher's stone in the preparation of "excelloent alebhol from air and water." Thanks to kind nature there is an abundant supply of the raw material, and if the " pocket apparatus" does it work there will be f'wv I benefitted by his genius that will nut wish him the " top o' the mornin'." No 1 person now has any excuse for " being out of spirits." Permissive liquor law". are doomed, We have at last the secret why good air and fresh water are so-, healthful. "One bumper at parting," NI. Becihamp, " May your shadow never be I lesst" *Wa supplement our telegraphic despatch, with the following additional items of in... telligence from the Argus : GENEILRAL SUlMMARY.'. , LoNooN, 15th July. Lord Kimberley's appointment to the' Colonial Office is little criticised. He is con-, sidered a safe man, but toodogmatic for the. self-willed colonists. The tide of emigration is slackening.. The prorogation of Parliament is expected on August 10, A motion to exclude Lishope-.from the, House of Lords was supported by 102 manme, bars in the IIunse of Commons.. Wart ra-thle- day'dt·ltlrdd by. 'F[i&ke; against Prussia in the Corps Legislatif. The French papers at once as eumed a most, warlisco tone,. spoak'. ing strongly against Prussia.. In- the meantime, the King' of Prussia. is at eEms. The Prussians took matters very coolly, the King refusing to-interfere at all as. King of Prussia, except as. head of the; Hohenzollern 'family, but the father of Prince Hohenzollern had d dared that his. son should not accept the crown of Spain, r and everyone believed that the difficulty was t settled. Last Sunday, however,. the.French a papers became 'so bitter against Prussia as. a to create considerable uneasiness: in the public mind. 'Intelligence arrived yesterday,. m. morning that Benedette, the French am- bassador at Berlin, while staying at Ems,.. a had, contrary to all etiquette, accosted' the -' o King of Prussia in the Kurgaten at that:: a town, while His Majesty was walking with. an aide-de-camp, and attempted to obtain. from him a declaration to renounce all future, resumption of the Hohenzollern candida 9, ture. The King turned round, and told hisa y aide-de-camp to inform Bencdette that he should have nothing further to say to him, r. and that he declined to receive him again. r. A Cabinet Council was held at the Tuileries, 0o but no declaration was made , in , the , il Chambers. To.day, however, war has been d declared. I The Irish Land Bill was much altered by the Lords. Mr Gladstone accepted some of the amendments, but restored other clauses. ito their original form. !g In the Education Bill the donominational principle has been upheld, as was also the principle of permissive compulsion. ii The University Test Bill passed the Com it mona, but it was opposed by Lord Salisbury II in the Upper [louse, asd ultimately referred f to a select committee. The Crown agents for the colonies have given notice that the convertig of old Nehw Ze3laud dehentures into consolidated 5 per cents. will terminate on Saturdayv 30th inst. M r Bright and .Mr Childers are both pro gressing favoutrably towards convalescence. S The Wimbledonl Volunteor Encamliment. e commenced on Saturday last. d At the Cricket match b)tweten Eton and f IHarrow, Eton won by 21 runs. \- Latest cable news froim dmunrica states that. .e gold closed at 1132. t The two Fenian raidera were tri?l at NewO d York for violatih? nteutralty tlaws, anutoe, i ldetince to two yealr'' imllrlsoImUllt. An . other raidler was also crnvicted anl seitenced to 12 months' imprisoinment. al The Times of the 25th of July published n. the draft treaty submitted by France to SPrussia, proposing an alliance, offrnsive and he dacfensive, on the hasis of the unity of Ger-. n- many, excepting Austria, under the supre nacy of Prussat, France to obtain Luxem Sbourg by Prussian mediation iademiifying on Holland; this arrangement to be actively ho supported by Prussia by the military occu ry pation of Belgium. The draft created a or- great sensation in England. 'lthe T'ime,: for states that Prussia rejected it in thu first in, iustance, and again when it was offered as a at condition of peace. u- The Daily Yews says that if the alleged It treaty is authentlc, thi neutrality of England he will be ditticult, if not impossible. of The Journal Officil, referring to the an alleged treaty, says that, ouLhcquetly to the ri- Treaty of Pragne, nuveral negotiationis i occurred at Berlin between Bismtarek aul ris the French embassy conceruiig a bUelium of alliance, and thatsomc of the ideas contained in the treaty mrnight then hlo ieen raisedl, Y but that the I ri-noh G,,b--rsncimt had no nF coguizance of any writtcn project, while the a verbal proposals were rejected biy the Eom an pieror. Lowooc, August 5. ' Mr Diaraeli, in the Conunmoni, advocated ad n armed utratity. lrr Gl:lstone olh jedted, an, said Egslnd would continue per o fectly inpartial, the Govrnent taking pre ay cautionary military anld niaval ime:sureos. he Mr Cardwell says that Eugland's mtnlhtay position was never so good since \Vaterloo. 