Ofre ggflneg jWorntng ffieraltt« TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 187(1. CERTAIN sentences which seem inadequate to the eximes they aie intended to punish have occasioned considerable discussion of the power confided to the Judges, and its use. These complaints are simultaneously made in both Victoria and New South Wales. In- deed, for a long time past, the general treat« ( ment of offenders has excited attention, and become the subject of doubt. We are not sur- prised at this, because there is a cycle In public opinion in reference to crime and its penalties, as in commerce. It is difficult indeed for the Legislature, and those who administer the laws, to unite the two ideas which alternately pre- dominate. When the crime is considere'd, there is a disposition to look upon it with indignation ; when it is often repeated, the indignation grows into wrath. Where the law permits it, the exe- cutioner is in request, or the lash ÍB dealt out with an increased frequency and severity. We remember in these colonies the execution of a hundred persons in the course of two or three years for crimes which would consign them now to a short term of imprisonment. We remember when the lash was wielded by every magistrate, and when the cries of Buffering misdemeanants formed one of the daily specialities of particular neighbourhoods, and when pools of blood were the result of a single morning's performances. We recall clearly the reaction against all this severity, both in the nation at large, and in the colonies of this hemisphere, when principles far more just and humane at length prevailed. Taking into account the vast increase of pro- perty, the new forms of offences resulting from this increase, as well as the creation of im f mense cities and the general growth of popu- lation, we have reason to rejoice that crime has comparatively diminished» and that its apparent increase may be due not only to the greater certainty of conviction, bu£ to the increased means of discovery. It is, however, quite possible that leniency may have been carried too far, and that this may have been followed by a violent reaction. At the same time, before we condemn judg- ments which appear too light, it is right that we should look at all the circumstances which force themselves upon the Judges and upon the Executive Government. The penalty of crime is not intended to measure its atrocity. Many a notorious scoun- drel is admitted into public assemblies who deserves the gallows. But penalties are pro- nounced in view ef the interests of society, and these may be in various ways implicated. If there be an inevitable temptation to crime the severity is increased. If the temptation is created by a culpable neglect on the part of the prosecutors, the Judges have, always considered this a mitigating circumstance. We are told, foi example, that DBATER had an overdrawn account at the bank of which he was a servant, and which he defrauded to the amount of £1400. A juror has expressed a belief that the crime of DEAPE» was encouraged by this mon- strous indulgence, and on this ground he joined in the recommendation to mercy, Whether there was sufficient wein** *ïn th.e i reason which led to the ^commendation we are not prepared to Ôetermine ; but it was intelligible, and it corresponds with a very large I number of cases that come before the Court, | where the Judges tecognise the discouragement of needless temptation aB contestent with the policy of the law. In the punishment of carnes of violence theie seems to be often an unjustifiable leniency. But in fact these offences are frequently the results of sudden passion, provoked by circumstances only dimly ex- pressed in the course of a tiial, and where fatal consequences weie partly accidental. Drunkenness is no excuse for crime ; it is often the incentive to its commision, and the criminal deliberately prepares himself by intoxication. But the circumstances as they are developed show every variety of aggrava- tion. There are men who suffer from a dis- order of the brain which intoxication stimulates to frenzy. Would any one desire that the Judges should lose sight of the distinctions that are clear to their own minds when pronouncing a sentence ? It sometimes happens that an offence, serious under the definition of law, is more lightly punished than the crime of some petty larceny rogue. When the Judge, how- ever, looks over the police " character " of the ofTender, he perhaps finds twenty or thirty previous sentences. The person convicted of an offence more serious may have the highest testimony in his favour. He may have been drawn aside by a sudden temptation. The social consequences of his offence may, of themselves, constitute a terrible penalty. There is, thus, a discrepancy between the two | sentences ; but they are founded upon facts which no tribunal in the world ever did or could long ignore. 'There are, no doubt, other considerations which induce the Executive to shorten periods of punishment. It is exceeding diffi- cult to resist solicitations from influential friends ; but we are hardly prepared to say that strong representations made by worthy membeis of society should have no weight. There is, however, another motive, which perhaps, if not more legitimate, is yet more imperative. The shortening of sentences results partly from the crowding of gaols ; and until these receptacles are in propor- tion to the numbers convicted the inclination to discharge will increase. There was a time when criminals were shovelled out of society and "the balance" was hanged. The in- crease of the criminal class in the colonies is, however, inevitable. Society is new and disjointed. We have thousands of persons who have no check upon their indepen- dence, nor any certain or regular piovision fer their wants. They wander from one district to another, having no fixed dwelling place-many of them utterly aside from all the influences by which their conduct is restrained. We have other classes whose pursuits, although nominally lawful, often assume a predatory character. We have a port, with a circulation of thirty thousand seamen. We have innumerable public-houses that subsiet upon a doubtful trade. We have all the appli- ances by which expense is provoked and young persons seduced into extravagance. We have a large number of monetary establishments where youths are sud- denly brought into situations of trust. Is it possible for a society to be so constituted, and crime not to increase in proportion to the growing numbers ? Public opinion, happily, discourages cruel punishments. We cannot kill off'jijhe prisoners by starvation and fever. At present, we have no organised means of employing them ; and, in fact, all such schemes are defeated by the jealousy of free labour, or by the general incompetence of the criminal classes for useful work. Perhaps, our readers will now ask, what is to be done ? Well, we have no specific to offer. There is an ignorant impatience of crime as well as of taxation. Society never was free from it, and never will be. Those countries are tolerably honest where there ia nothing to lose ; but in a society highly stimulated, where objects of desire are mul- tiplied on every hand, where a cartload of jewellery and plate could be collected in a street, and where there are multitudes, not- withstanding, poor and vicious-where ¡all this exists we shall be continually combating with pauperism on the one hand, and with crime on the other. As to the reformers of prison discipline, they are as numerous as the founders of systems of philosophy, as confident as quacks. Crime may be dimin- ished, but it is by the slow operation of those general causes that purify i society, and increase the proportion of those who acquire an intelligent view of the 'sources | of human enjoyment, and a moderation in the use of them. Nothing, however, will be gained by assum- ing without the strongest proof that the Judges are incapable or corrupt. There are some sen- tences certainly very unintelligible, and some remissions which seem to be undeserved ,* but ' we have no doubt that the Judges upon the whole know better than we can what is right in the cases before them, and that what they believe to be right, that they do. , BT a considerable majority the Assembly ,has preferred to refer the inquiry into the affairs of the Gold-fields to a Commission to be appointed by the Government rather than trust it to a selection from its own members. If not allowed to become toe expensive, a Commission can act more effectively than a select committee can do, for it can not only sit in Sydney and take such evidence as is procurable here, but it can visit the principal gold-fields and inform itself by ocular demonstration, as well as by verbal evidence. Many years ago, when the Ballarat riots first disclosed to the Government of Victoria that it did not understand the management of a gold-field's population, a commission of inquiry was appointed, which examined on the spot into alleged grievances, and made recommendations, most of which were adopted. There have since that time been many changes in the laws and regulations of the neigh- bouring colony, but there have been no further riots. The wants and wishes of the mining community have managed to find a tolerably adequate expression, and the importance of the interest has led to the establishment of a separate department, by means of which its affairs have been closely looked after, and an immense amount of in- formation has been collected and published. _ Mr. FORSTER, however, is quite correct in stating that the comparative success of Victoria in legislation for its gold-fields is not in itself a reproach to this colony. The circumstances of the two colonies have been quite different. The concentration and the permanence of the mining population there has allowed of a local agency that would not have been practicable here. Local self-government is possible enough when there is anything like an adequate popu ' lation to be governed, and the possibility of a local public opinion lo keep a cheek on iho3e entrusted viith aulhoriiy. Otherwise the I mtem is likely to degenerate into a series of 1 local jobs and local tyrannies. lhere is one thing, however, that we might have done, and (hal we have left undone, and that is to have collecled informal ion. One reason why opinion is still so chaotic, and w!.y Ministers have hitherto wojked so much in ! the dark, is that there is a great and unneces faiy ignorance as to facts. Mr. KOBEUTSDN is not much given to depreciating his own legislative handiwork, and jet even he confesses that the law he framed for the management of the golil fields would have bten better if he had wuited till he knew more about it; and Mr. FOBSIEE, though with courage enough to legislate on anj thing, frankly admits that the law he hab framed might not be found suitable to the actual facts. The gold-fields staff is at present at its minimum; but, considering what superfluous strength it enjoyed at some paBt times, it is a pity that some of the supernumeraries could not have been employed in digesting information and preparing forms of an annual register of facts. With regard to the pastoral affairs of the colony, we have lately had the first illustration of what is promised to be an annual report ; and if any officer in the public service could be detailed to turn all the available information as to our gold-fields into an annual repoit, it would tend to prevent the continuance of ignorance. What extent of alluvial grouud is under lease, and what is the area that has been woiked on the individual system? What is the extent of quartz claims held under lease, and how much is held in block claims ? What is the amount of capital invested in machinery, what the amount invested in reservoirs and races? How many gold companies are there and have there been in the colony, and what is their actual and nominal capital? What, is the estimated number of working miners, and where are they distributed ? What proportion of the gold raised is from alluvial ground and how much is from quarts veins ? Ques I tion8 of this kind cannot be answered at present with any approach to accuracy, and yet it would be very desirable to have some knowledge of these facts before attempting to frame a new law. Before it concludes its labours, the Com- mission may throw some light upon these and kindred matters. Its success will to some extent depend upon its composition, and it is to be hoped that the Government will not appoint merely political hangers-on who are, hungry I for bread, or those who have pre- determined j opinions and are too bigoted to be open to fresh information. The two questions that at present have been principally raised relate to the tenure of aurifer , cus landg and to the settlement of disputes. Of these, the first is far the simpler. It is clear that it is not to the public interest to allow productive land to be locked up unproductively in the hands of those who will neither turn it to account themselves nor allow others to do so. It is equally clear, on the other hand, that it is not to the public interest to prevent the co-opera- tion of capital and labour, or to refuse that tenure which alone could justify the invest- ment of money. Companies can have no claim to rights which are adverse to the( public interests, but the individual miner is in precisely the same position. The good of the whole community is the test to which all pretensions must be brought. The determination of disputes is a more diffi- cult question. New ground is generally the subject of a rush, and of a rush by'persons inspired with the hope of sudden gain, and very often not in the most orderly mood. Even after the first excitement is over, ques- tions _ of boundary will perpetually arise, questions of trespass and injury, questions as to water rights, questions as to tailings, and questions as to such bona fide occu- pation of the ground as to justify, according to the spirit and letter of the law, a retention or forfeiture of the tenure. If every newly-discovered gold-field were Certain to tie permanent it would never be premature to appoint some local represen- tative of the authority of law. But it has often happened that, after a short period of excitement and expectation, a locality much wrangled over is abandoned aB worthless, and disputes are settled ambulando. If commis- sioners could live upon nothing,, or if every little knot of gold miners would agree to support one, we could have these officers in abundance. But as they have to be paid for out of the general revenue, their number has been re- duced to the lowest point. They cannot be ubiquitous, and they have a great deal of office work to do in addition to their local visitations. Accordingly, the unpaid magistracy has been called in to assist in the work of local adjudi- cation, and this plan is said to have failed to give satisfaction, on the ground that there is a want of technical knowledge in the Bench. This is a defect, however, which it is reason- able to suppose will be cured in time ; for magistrates sitting periodically at a gold-fields' township, and becoming continually conversant with the sort of dis- putes that spring np amongst miners, could hardly fail, if they a.re fitted for magistrates at all, to get the little technical knowledge necessary to enable them to adjudicate with fairness. If we had an effective municipal system, municipal courts might deal with the difficulty. But as it is, the central Govern- ment is the landlord that leases the ground, that gets the rents, that claims the royalty on the gold, and that receives the revenue for miners' rights. The Govern- ment, therefore, is bound to see that those from whom it takes money in return for certain territorial rights are assured quiet possession, and are properly pro- tected in their holdings, while they faithfully fulfil the obligations they have undertaken ; and under these circumstances the central Go- vernment must be represented by somebody who in its name might exercise the necessary discipline. SIDNEY INFIRMARY,-Report for week ending 7th March, 1870 : Admitted, 16 males, 7 females ; discharged, 17 males, 0 female« ; died, 3 males, 1 fórjalo ; remaining io house, 125 males, 71 femólos : total, 106. Subscriptions received, ¿21 Is. SUDDEN DEATH.-About o quarter to 7 o'clock yestor day morning, Mr. John Bennott, baker, aged about sixty-two Team, waa found dead in bed, at his rosidenoe, 181, South Head Road. About midnight on the previous evening, he appeared in good health, l)r. Low, who was called in the morning to see deceased, pronounced life extinot. An in- quest will lie held on the body this afternoon.) THE BUSHHANOEH IN VICTORIA,-The Argus of Tuesday eayB ¡-Power, the bushranger, appears to bo as ubiquitous and difficult to secure as " Slippery Diok " in tho drama. Teetrrday a telegram was roooived by the police, stating that 1'ovtor had " Btuck-up" a conctable at about nine miles from Yon, and taken his revolver from bim. Ho aleo stoppod Mr. M'Aons-io, a Boab inspeotor, faking from bim a bay horse, saddle, and bridle. The bushranger was armed with a doublo barrelled gun and two revolvers. Another telegram stated that he waa last seen by a man named George Hamilton, at the Running Crosk, about 10 milos from Kilmoro, to whom he said bo had taken a revolver from a cowtibl». THE AGRICULTURAL SOCIETÏAND THE ExiUlUTION, -A dppntuHon from tbo Agricultural Society waitoi on the Premier, by appointment, on Monday, for tho purposo of soliciting tho pecuniary assistance of the Government in corr)tag out tho Metropolitan Intercolonial Exhibition on a tóalo commenturato wilh ita anticipated proportions as n aininicmoration of tbo coutrnary 0f the dioooviry of Now Foulh Wnles. Tho society will bo obligod to incur unuaunl ijcpiiim in ninkirg an exhibition equal to tho ocomion. It will (oat Ihemirom £6000 to £6000-a sum thor would Minn ly OOIIHCIIT thenifolve« justified m becomine; liiblo for mill MI to n eenuin ixtont bupportfd by a grant from tho | i ublir puri-e. Bt-yond tho nitro ixhibUion, tho society pro , l'Hua to tnle I'hBrgnof nil thobui-inosBconnoctod with tho ixbibim t« ho forwarded to London for tho (list of (ho HOIIOB ni Annual Silect International Exhibition?, to bn hold in MIIJ, 1071, a wothihit wH invulvo extra lubotir and ex- pense, i ho presidí nt of tho sookty, Sir W. Macarthur; tbo Honorable* John Hay, S. I). Gordon, A. Campbell, \iir-prCfidctitH; MtssrB. Mnjor Lowo, IN. P. Trobock, J. J. Ciilvirt, Hownni Becd, ¿co, composed the deputation, mid wiro favourably received by tho Promior and tho Iruimrir, who were fully informed HU to the natura of tho pn paratii nu lnndo for tho comino; ovent. It waa suggested tVut Iho Government should notify the Boveral colonial GovunmcntB of the Exhibition in August, and roquent that the heßt means bo taken to moko known its Bcopî and objects. Piiorosi.Ti Kowixo Ci.iiii. - Tho Sydnoy Amateur Iîowing Club may now bo considered nn established aftiir. At II wepiuig hold last night at the Oxford Hotol, King Btrcot, to consider the propriety of catabliBhing such a thing (viryono priBcntwiiB unanimously of opmion that tho furmntion of a club fur the purpose ¡if improving ami on I cuurnging omntour rowers was much needed in Sydney. 1 here can ho no doubt that wo have a lui go number of promising pullers in and about Sydnoy who only want «nth nn opportunity (o pcrfoot themselvoi in this very heellbiul exercise, and we hope toon to BOO the Intercolonial mutches in four-oured outrigger gigs once so popular again restored to the calendar of unmuil ovents. Tho meeting lnft evening conaisted of twenty-iivo gentleman, nil I moro or lesB enthusiastic in tho causo, and in tho absence of Mr. George Thornton, who ia also heart und soul in (ha business, but who was compelled to leave tho I room in consrquenco of other moro proving business, Mr H. Freeman took tho ohair, and briolly stated the object of the meeting boing called, also ofli'ring somo very acceptable suggestions in roferenoo therewith. After a good dell of I discuesion, which partook of a conversational character, tho i following resolution, moved by Mr. Deloitto, and sooonded by Mr. Yeomans, was carried without a dissentiont voice : - "That it is desirable that steps should be taken for tho formation of a club, having for its objcot tho onoourngemont and improvement of amateur rowing in this oolony ; and in order to give effect to this resolution, a provisional com- mies for (ho guidance of the mombors, and a codo of tho furtherance of tho objects of tha club, to bo submitted to a mooting of the members at au early dato." The following ¡notions woro also carried : - Proposed hy Mr. "Wilmot!, and seconded by Mr. J. Murphy, " That the subscription of active members bo ono guinoaper quarter, and that of honorary mombors two guineas per year. Members joinlnp after tho first quarter to pay an entranco feo of a guinoa. All subscriptions to bo mado paynblo quarterly in advance." Proposed hy Mr. J. Clark, and seconded by Mr. W. Smith,-" That Mesara. H. Freeman, A. Yeomans, Q. Deleitte, and Budd form a sub- committee, to draw up rules to bo submitted to a mooting of tho provisional committoo on Thursday next ; and that Mr. Freeman bo honorary secretary and treasurer until such timo OB oftloers aro elected and rules adopted. A com- mittee was then formed to inquire as to tho probable cost of boats, some of which are (o bo four-oared outriggers, and to select a site upon which to erect the shed. The land between the Government boatshed and Fort Macquarie appeared to all present to be tho only space suitable for the purpose, and Mr. Freeman was requested to makolinquirios of the Government, and ascertain whether tho club might havo the UEO of it. The names of soveral gentlemen who wished to join hut who wera unable to TJO present for various causes, were then added to tho list, and tho mooting adjourned until Thursday next, when tho codo' of rulos will be submitted and now members balloted for. MUNICIPAL CONFERENCE RESPECTING LICENSED PUULIC-HOUSRS.-A mooting of mombors of tho Confer- ence, appointed to obtain control over public-housoa in tho suburban municipalities, waB held yesterday ovoninç, pur- suant to advertisement, at the Temporáneo Hall, Pitt street; Mr. Edward John Hawksloy in tho chair.1 Owing, doubtless, to tho very unfavourable Btate of tho woathor, the attendance was not a very numerous one. Tho minutes of tho previous mooting wera read and confirmed. Mr. St. Julian notified to tho Conference that ho had received an appointment to act at that Conference as the delogate for tho borough of Wollongong. A roport, drawn up by tho committee appointed at tho last mooting, was read by tho secretary, Mr. D. Beatson. This document, framing suggestions io ho laid beforo the Conference, was to tho following effeot :-" Report : Seoing that tho number of public- houses in a majority of tho suburban municipali- ties is groatly in excees of tho number actually required for the accommodation of tho inhabitants, and that, under tho existing law, there is no method by whioh the number of licensed houses may bo limited within duo bounds; and thnt no security as to tho good conduct of such houses, or the accommodation afforded by thom, is providod for in tho Licensed Publicans Act now in operation ; your commit- tee are of opinion-(1.) That the resident householders of any borough ought to havo some voice in the licensing of houses in their respective neighbourhoods. To; this ond your committee recommend-(2.) That a petition bo pre- sented from this Conference to both Houses of Parliament, praying that a short hill may be passed during the present session, enacting that, for tho future, no application for a license for a public-house, con- cert-room, dancing- saloon,''or other placo of amusement in any municipality should he entertained by the magis- trates, unless such application bo signed by tho raayor, in Council, of the borough, or municipal diatriot in whioh such house is situated. (3.) Your committee fuithor re- commend that in Buch bill a olauee be inserted ompowering each Council to appoint an officer, independent of the police, who may prosecute, in the name of the Council, for mis- conduct of his house, any proprietor of a public-house, concert-room, or dancing-Baloon ; and that upon the magis- trates convicting any such proprietor moro than once, the Council may recommend his license to be cancelled." The secretary moved that this report be received, and expressed his hopo that it might De freely discussed by the Confercnee. Mr. Alderman Allon seconded the motion, which was put and agreed to. ' Mr. Alderman S. Cook suggested that it would perhaps he better for thom to adjourn, in order that all the members of the Conference might be enable to read and thoroughly oonBider the report now submitted. He, therefore, moved that the discussion be postponed until that day weok. Mr. St. Julian eeoonded the motion, which was put and carried. Mr. Alderman M'Donald expressed his entire concurrence with the general object of the roport, and thought it high time that the in- discriminate licensing of public-houses, sanctioned by the present Aot, should co put a stop to. Public-houses wero constantly opened now, immediately adjacent to others, and in localities where no suoh accommodation was desired by the people of the neighbourhood. He hoped that there would be a largo attendanoo at their next meeting, and that they would effectually carry out what they had taken in hand. The weather had doubtless prevented a full attendance that evening ; but ho trusted that they would muster strong at the next meeting. The Conference then adjourned until Monday evoning noxt, at the samo timo and place. CONCERT.-Last evoning a concert of vocal and instru- mental music was given by the Harmony Glee Club, 'assisted by MÍSB James and soveral lady and gentlemen amateurs, in aid of the funds of tha Sydnoy Moahanios School of Arts. The unfavourable weather, and tho numerous counter attractions elsewhere, limited the attendance, which was the moro to bo regretted as much of tho music was very good. Tho overture, Auber's " Mosaniello," was well rendered by the orchestra, consist- ing of two violoncellos and two violins. A gleo, entitled the " Miller's Daughter " was also well received, although the general effect of this piece was much marred by*tho eoho from tho comparatively empty room-a remark that »fill apply to all the pieces, though more «specially to tho glees. A flue solo, " Air from Mino," with variations, was so well played as to receive an encore, whioh was duly acknowledged. Miss James next sang a ballad, "The forsaken," and was rewarded with an encode, to which sho responded by singing another piece. A gentle- man amateur next sang, with much spirit, tho song " Nil Desperandum," and, being encored, repeated a verso. A ballad under thù name of " Scones that aro brightest," was very Bweetly Bung by a lady, and encored. A livoly gleo hy the company concluded the first part of the entertainment. Tho overture in the second part-'* L'ltaliana in Algier! " -was again rendered by the orchestra, and received with even moro favour than that which they had before given, the music being more agreeable to the popular ear. " La Favorita," a fantasia on the violin, by Mr. "W. Greenfield, was afterwards given, and encorod, and a SWÍBS air was played in response. Miss James was rewarded with ioud applaueo for her song " Tho Skipper and his Boy ;" and an encore greeted a gentleman amateur for his singing of a piece entitled " The Calico Printer's Clerk," a compliment ho acknowledged by singing a comic song. A numbor of choruses and glees by the company oompletod the pro- gramme. Tho cntertainmont closed with the National Anthem. Mr. E. S. Doano acted as conduotor andaooom ponyist very acceptably, and wo can only express the hope that tho entertainment may be repeated under moro favour- able circumstances. A FINE ORANGE ORCHARD.-It is woll known that omngeB form a largo item of our exports to other colonies, and that the demand for them has given a great impetus to tho formation and improvement of orchards. The' Single- ton Times thus speaks of Mr. Waddell's orangery at Townhosd, Singleton. It covers upwards of four acres of land, and numbers 400 trees, the, oldost of wbioh were planted ten years ago. The trees wero Boleotod with the greatest care, Mr. Waddell having more regard to tho quality of his fruit, than to moro quantity. The Seville and St. Michael, so justly celebrated, grow here in perfection. Mr. "Waddell pointod out a St. Michaol treo, which, ho told us, had averaged a yearly yield of 100 dozen oranges during tho last four years. The troo was, actually loaded ; indood, tho owner states, that at no former season has it exhibited so great a "yiold." But every tree seems equally prolific, and Mr. "waddell thinks that they will average 100 dozen each, so that, from his 400 trees, ho expects to gather 480,060 oranges. Tho orohard is kept in the highest order, and is laid out in groat tasto. The long avenues of trees, with iho deep green leaves when tho fruit is ripe, must have a very fine appearance. So umbrageous are these trees, that it ia dolioi/iusly oool in the oranger? iff the hot days of Bummer, ÍHE rmtiLS OP èusii TBAVÍLHKO',- Som« <,f .t. dangers of travelling .eyer. new UaiiB of roa 1 aro shown in (ho following paragraph, which wo extraC* irotn'thi gtmltqinti GArotnfltx:-yre aro roqueetod by «r»' linker,«/ the local police, to givo publicily to tho fjîlow. lxie .-"«"P'0 travelling from Mount Mnnaro to W if ,",":. (hould be cautioned not lo take Iho sovonty-mila trank leccnlly surveyed by Mr. Surveyor O. M'Cormaor «al branching off to tho right a short distance on tho WJI imSu. side of Mount Mnnaro, as thero is not n . drop of water M the rood. A. family and o travollor were Bnvod by tha Wilcannia police from perishing for want of wafer and brought into Wilcannia. Two dead bodios havo also beoa found on thu enrno lino of road, having recently ncrishn? for want of water. l u CHINESE GAMBLERS AND CHINESE INFORMERS. - Seven Chinamen were on Sunday last (says the Dubbo Dispatch of Friday) surprise by the police while engaged in one of the many exciting games patronised by the Celestials. They were brought up at the police-court on Monday before Dr. Peers, J.P. The banker and croupier were fined £3 each, three of them who were engaged gambling were mulot in £1, and two lookers-on were ordered to disburse 10s. The alternative of imprisonment was chosen by the banker and croupier, who in a very wild manner declaimed against the barbarism of the British law, which would not allow a poor Celestial to enjoy himself according to his own fashion in his own house. The information respecting the gambling was given to the police by a sharp almond-eyed ohild of the sun, who appeared equally with his victims disappointed and disgusted at the result of the case. He inveighed in strong terms against the li-ity of the magistrate, and made some apposite remarks as to prison discipline. He said the Chinese should have been heavily fined, as they could "welly well" afford to pay, and if they were treated to bread and water in gaol instead of being fed on the fat of the land, they wouldn't be so ready to prefer imprisonment to fine. He finally ex- pressed contempt for the magistracy, asserted he knew more law than any of them, and announced his intention of communicating with the Attorney-General relative to the matter. This Chinaman informer (whose name we judge from his pronunciation to be High Hang-ho) is a regular professional. A short time ago, he laid a charge against two of his countrymen at Bourke, and they were fined £30 each. He applied for half the fine, but the Bench then refused to award it. However, High Hing-ho wrote to the fountain head, Sir William Manning, and an order, we understand, was received from him directing the magistrates to give the informer the £30. He appears to manage his cases very well, never pouncing on his victims till all is ripe. From the black looks directed al him by his celestial friends on Monday last, we should, were we High Hang-ho, the informer, prefer keeping at a civil distance from a Chinese camp. DEATH PIIOM SNAKB-MTE.-A truly melancholy snik story has reached us (.Burrowa Advocate). A young girl numed Eliza Bundall, rending at Jerrawa, left lier home a few mornings since to shopherd a number of sheep ; and not having returnod al tho usual timo, she waa aou;Ut for, and found Eoatod by tho tiunk of n treo, with mnuih open and eves widely distended, as if suffering from fright. Startling to relato, she was a corpse, though retainins tha same position as whilo living. On removing the body, a largosnaka was found coiled up on the spot where tho un. fortunóte girl had boen sitting. , FATAL AOOIDEKT.-On Thursday last («nyq (ha Monaro Mercury), a Chinaman carno to Cooma "and re- ported that ono of his companions, .who had bean uway from the camp on some errand, bad beon.found lying doad on the road near Umaralla Eiver, the body presenting tho appearance of his having boen thrown froru his horse so violently OB to cause death. Tho deceased, one pf tho party of Chinamen engagod digging on tho above-named river, was nwoy longer than bis mission warranted him ; his companions becamo alarmed, and on searching for htm on Thureday morning found the body of the unfirtunato follow as above described. A SMART SWINDLE DETECTED. - One of the smartest of smart swindles was lately attempted to be played on a Dubbo tradesman (says the Dispatch), but fortunately the smallest grain of suspicion interposed at the last moment to save the intended victim from loss. One day last week, a very talkative gentleman waited on Mr. J. E. Serisier, of the Dubbo stores, and announced himself as fresh from the Warrego, Paroo, Gulf of Carpentaria, and other bar- barous and unknown regions. He had all the appearance of a "cute" bushman, and for hours at the stretch delighted his hearers with stories of the fastnesses of the interior, of "imminent scapes by flood and field, of battles with the hostile blacks, of boomerangs, nulla nullaa, and other deadly weapons flying round , his head thick as hail. During his travels , through these terra incognito ; he came across many curiosities, both animal, geological, and botanical. He had discovered the real quinine bark, and had proved its wonderful effi- cacy in cases of fever and ague. His volubility astonished his hearers slightly, but they gave him full rein, and he ended by introducing to the notice of Mr. Serisier some quandong stones, which he carried carefully wrapped in a gaudy-coloured handkerchief. The commercial value of these stones was then debated, and our bushman said he had three bags of them, containing, twelve or thirteen bushels. He had, on a former occasion, sold them to Messrs. Brush and Mac Donnell, of Sydney, at £2 10s. per bushel. However, he did not then press a sale, but turned the conversation to stations and stock, and spoke largely of flocks of sheep, mobs of fat cattle, &c.;, en route to Sydney and Maitland. On the following day, Mr. Seri- sier received a letter, purporting to come from Messrs. Brush and Mac Donnell, Sydney. It said that they (Messrs. B. and M.) had heard that "three men were coming to Mudgee or Dubbo with quandong stones, and they would feel obliged if Mr. Serisier would purchase on their account some bags at the rate of £45 per three-bushel bag." Mr. Serisier at once sought out the pilgrim from the wilder- ness, or, as we should rather call him, the quandong merchant, and brought up the subject of the valuable stones. Considerable debate as to price took place, quan- dong merchant holding out for £10 per.bag ; but at last a sale was effected, the three bags being parted with for £17 10s. Delivery was at once taken, but Mr. Serieisr, having just an inkling that the letter from Sydney was not the most genuine in the world, thought it prudent, till he heard further from his metropolitan correspondents, to hold back payment in full. He, however, gave the quandong merchant £1 as an advance, and immediately set the tele- graph wires in motion, informing Messrs. Mac Donnell and Co. that he had purchased, according to instructions, the stones. No immediate answer was received. In the mean- time, our back block hero called several times for a settle- ment, but at last he was informed that he could not be paid at present, as the matter was in the hands of Sydney detectives, and that the name of an eminent firm in Sydney had been forged to a letter sent about the quandong. This was a stray shot, but it had considerable effect, and the quandong merchant offered Mr, Serisier £5 on his bargain for the bags, but this was refused. At 9 o'clock on Saturday night, a telegram was received from Mac Donnell and Co., the jewellers, of George-street, Sydney, saying that they did not understand Mr, Serisier's tele- gram, and on Sunday a letter arrived, stating that they had never written to him about quandongs. Here was a glo- rious sell ! The whole affair was admirably concocted, but the machinery did not work. The letter sent from Sydney, in the name of Brush and Mac Donnell, is supposed to have been written by a confederate of the quandong mer- chant. It was, doubtless, thought the Dubbo storekeeper would have taken the bait, and given, on account of the Syd- ney jewellers, a high price for the stones. Fortunately a slight suspicion of the bona fides of the letter, and the quick use of the telegraph wires, spoiled the plot, and the biter has been bitten ; for Mr. Serisier has the three bags of quandong stones. DEATH FROM BURNING.-Tho Cambewarra correspond- ent of the Kiama Independent wö-taa;-! am sorry t» have to record a fatal accident by burning that happened to Mrs. W. Adams, sen., on Monday afternoon. As far as I can learn, Mrs Adams, who was above seventy years old, was engaged in some household duty by the fire; when sha stumbled and fell among the ashes, her clothes oatohiog fire, and as there was no one just. at hand to help her, she fot very severely burned before the fire could be put out. Ir. Read was at once sent for, and was very soon in attend- ance, and ovory means taken for her .recovery ; but, although remaining sensible to Iho last, she spoedily suo cumbed to the effects of the severo injuries she had reoaived, and died next morning. HUSSEY, KELLY, AND HOLLY'S Tnovr-E.-Yesterday ovening the Hussey, Kelly, and Holly's troups of m ash-els gave one of tbeir popular entertainments at the Prince »f WaleB Opera House, to what was, considering the unsettled weather, a very good audience. There was an altered po grammofor the occasion. The first, partion of the enter- tainment was made up of songs, eaih tikou by singla members of the troupe-the remainder j lining in the choruBOB. The rendering of " King the bell, watohman, by Mr. T. Campbell, and ,a song by Mr. Kelly was very good; and thatofjho' " Lily_ of jfoojtoi jmttei ¡JJ* composed ' ' L " "" " """ loudly a Mr. Hussey"was*"encored"for his" "Ten little niggers^ whioh was a very humourous sample oT *' Ethiopian eongs. Mr. Ackland gave »Snow-wMto Blossoms, in fiist-olass style, and was encored. The second part o£ the ontertainment waB preluded by an overture executed by Mr. Herman and the orobestra. "Tho Golden Shot Dance," by Messrs. Kelly and Holley, as is usual, mot with a warm receptidn; on encore was demanded, and lespondei to by a hornpipe. Hussoy's " Johnny Sohmoker, creativa of muoh laughter, was encored ; an equally funny «lectio* being given in rosponBe. A quartette," We willmerry bo," followed, and, together with"NeUe the Belle,'by Mr. Kelly, and "Tho Island of the Free, byMr.f Aoklond.woB loudly applauded. A vory laughable trio, entitled " The Bond of the 18th," introducing a number ot nuraery rhymes, fell to the part of Messrs. Hussey, Kaliy, and Holloy, and mot with, on encore. This agreeable en- tertainment carno to a close with " The Ghost in a Paws shop," an Ethiopian farce-a piece, which WOB provocativa of muoh mirth. _ THE ADELIMH THEATEE.-" Hamlet " was perform« last night with unqualified sneceae» Mr. Bandmarja repeM« ing bis great impersonation of the Prinooof Der¿mark, uni Mrs. Bandmann appearing, for the first time, ¿s Ophelia. Of this lady's talent there seems to be but ono opinion, and that is, she is ono of the greatest» if not the great»*» actress seen on the colonial stage. THE VICTORIA THEATRE.-Mr. Cooper's a8" P'"?» " Sun and Shadow," attracted another gjod house last even- ing. The dialogue was judiciously er.cised, and, »m)PÏ be expected, the piece wont more sm.oothly than on Us urn performance. Miss Colville, Misp, Corcoran, Messrs- **. Leopold, Hoskins, Douglas. Holloway, and tho other lea« ine; characters were ro-oaUed at tho close oí evory aot, i»». scenery and «cenio effect« olloi'ted unqaaliBoi. approval. ""JÜESENTATION.-A few days ago, tho mombors of No. 2 Company of Eiflos, Sydney Battalion, prosontod sergeant major Lees with a hondaomo gold trinket, on tho stone of which his namo was cut, and aUo an engrossed address, ulrich was road by Lieutenant "Wilson, tho offloor oommand inir and was as follows :-" Sergeont-ninjor Loos-Doar cS,_W,e the undoi signed members of No, 2 Company S jj y g boingdeeply sensible of tho Company's indebted- ness to you m perfecting its mombors in drill, more esiieoially fa the uso of tho bayonet, foal great pleasure in nrnsenting you with the accompanying momento of our Krd and esteem ; and although small in intrinsic valuo, vouwill accept it IIB a token of our appreciation of your ííluable services." Mr. Lone, in on appropriate address, ratarned thanks for the present and tho ii ittoring tarnu ia wïick they hid epoken of his aervlcos ; in tho course of which ho stated twelve vears of his regimental lifo had boon «rved in the 8ih Royal IriBh HuBBars, and eleven yoars in iheold 11th Regiment of infantry. In 18G0, Mr. Loos .aid bejoined the Volunteer forco in this colony, and had never, during that time, boon nbsont from a single parado. He believed the Volunteers to bo well up in their dutioa, and a credit to the colony. DESTRUCTION or WHEAT BY FIRE.-Tho Dubbo Dispatch of Friday reports that on tho Wednesday previous, Messrs. Buok aud Law's michino (worked by horsepower) was engaged in threshing wheat at Mr. Camp- bell's farm on tho Willandra Creek, About half-past 12 o'clock, tho straw near tho maohino was obaorvod to bo OB firo, and cloven men engaged at tho shod usod ali thoir endeavour« to extinguish tho fire. Thoir efforts, howover, woro of rio avail, for in a short timo tho llamos aproad in ali ' directions, and about 900 or 1000 bushels of whait were destroyed. The threshing-maohino, Bhods, &o.;, wero' also burnt. This was tho first crop of any value Campball ob- tained from his selection, and the loss falls vory heavily on bim, Indeed, it is questionable if it will not oomplotoly ruin hird. There is another melancholy ciroumitunca ia connection with tho fire. The machine dostroyod was nutlly owned by Mr. G. Buok, whosa stacks, to tho valuo of £250, were swept away by fire about fourteen days ago Ibe thresher had only beon purchased at tho cammonootaont if the harvesting from Denny and Ashworth, of Bathurst. It cost £90. DAKIN« BÜRGIARUÍÍ; AT BATHURST.-BurgUrios aro now mfruiuent in Sydnoy, but Bithurst, it would appear, iaeniojing a visit from somo rather impudent " craoks men." The JHmes of Saturday reports no loss than threo. " Late on Monday night last, Mr. Holl's public-house, the Bushman's Inn, Bentinok- Btroot, was robbed by an indi- vidual who effected his ontrauco through ono of tho front windows, After entering the houso hepissod from tho parlour into tho bar, and through a room off the lattor into the landlord's sleeping npartmont. Hore ho appropriated 17o., which ho found in Mr. Holl's trousers pookot, and also ii-16s., which ho got in ono of Mrs. Holl's dressos, as woli sa .£1 10a., which wa» lying under a woollon mat. Insido of this mat waa £1 in slxponooa, whioh bo did ndt tako, as thoy had ovidontly escaped his notice, 'and on ono of a numbor of drawora in which bo had rummaged was the sum of £26, which be had 'failed to discover. In groping about in tho dark ho happened to touch Iho foot of Mr. Holl, and the lattor was immediately awakened and sprang eut of bed. The robber, howover, proved too quick for him, as ho rushed out of -tho room, slamming the door bohind him to gain time, and the landlord roaohod the front room just in time to nee tho burglar, who was barofootod, take a panto- mimic dive through the window. He alighted on- the verandah- on his hands and knees, and finally disappeared up tho street. About 4 o'dook on Wednosday morning a similar robbery to the above was committed at Mr. Goorgo Matthew's hotel, Kelso. The robber, in this instance, entered the houso by tho back door, and made. his way, by' the shortest route, to Mr. Matthew's bedroom. Tho landlady, Mrs.. Maf thaws, heard tho burglar's foot- steps previous to his coming into tho room, and also hoard him taking up a mpney-box which oontained' upwards of £10, but sbo was sp terrified that she oould not uttor a word, and by the timo she had arousod Mr. Matthews, the robber had decamped.. In his passage into and out of the hotel, he passed through five doors, and by a numbor of chairs, so that he was evidently wall acquainted with tho " geography " of the house. The money stolon oonsisted chiefly of fourponny pieces, which had boon laid by for division atnong'the children, and also a few half sove- reigns. Mr. Matthews had, on tha Tuesday or the Monday previous to tho robbery, banked £282, and except', the amount appropriated by the burglar, there wore Borne twenty-five shillings in tho house. .This, as well as the pther burglary, was conducted with groat olovorness, and. the circumstances in both, oases would appear to indicate that the two rob- beries wero committed by the same person. In connection wjth tho above we aro informed that a very suspioious oir cumstonco occurred at tho Royal Hotel about half-past ona o'clock on Tuesday morning. A lady and gentleman, who wero occupying apartments upstairs and who intended to proceed to Sydney in the day ooaoh, wero awakened at tho time wo have mentioned, by a noise whioh turnod out to proceed from a man moving about ia tho bodroorn. The gentleman jumped out of bed and gave chase, but the sup- posed robber made good his escape. He, howover, returned shortly afterwards, when ho waa pursued a socond timo by the gentleman, but he again effected a retreat, and dis- appeared over the hotel balcony on to the verandah of Mr. Parker's .butcher's shop, from whioh ho descended to the attest. The man had neither hat, boots, nor coat on, and he was very tall and powerfully built. DEATHS IN THE BOSH. - Tho Deniliquin Chronicle records, that on Sunday week a man was found dead on North Abbotsford run, about twenty-five milos from Moss gio'i Mr. Burkitt, «he superintendent-hearing that a dog liod'boirrseen on the run, and a swag piokad up, whioh was recognised as belonging to a traveller who had passed-kindly wini in search, and found the man lying detd on a sand- ridge, having apparently died from want of water, when within a short distance of an adequate supply. Our in- formant say 8-tho poor deceased must have bouome demented, as he had crossed the Darling Road to reach tho place where he wa« found. About three woeks ago the body of a man nts found lying on the banks of the Willandra Creek, near Misagiel. This poor traveller had apparently been dead nbi ut ita days. Notice was sent to the police, And sergeant Johnstone went unana interred the remains. , Two orders, ' drawn by "\V. B. Haines,, were found on the .body, in a handkerchief, wrapped round the neak. One was in favour of P. Carthy, and tho other believed to bo 83. The cause of deatn.vas not discovered. DEATK- PROM STARVATION.-The Sandhurst corres pondent of the 'Argus writes-'. One-would have thought ia the now prosperous town of Sandhurst, whore so much gold is being obtained, a caso of death from destitution would .be impossible. Unfortunately one has occurred, and that under moBt painful oircumBtanooB. Oa Thursday last a woman named Ellen Macklin, aged only 31 years, died in a miserable hovel at Back Creek, from pnoumonia and want of food and clothing-. From the evidence that was takon at iho,inquest held on Monday it appears that up to May last the'woman and her husband, who is blind, were recoiving aesistanoe from tho Benevolent Asylum. During that month, it was stated in evidence, the authorities of the asylum wanted the Macklins to leave the Bendigo district and go to Castlemaine, where it was asserted they,had friends, and the committee was to pay the expenses down, and the Mayor of Sandhurst givo 10s. for pookot money. The Mackhns, however, refused to go, as they said they had no friends at Castlemaine, and wished to go to Melbourne, where Macklin might get cured of his blind- ness, AccordiBg to Macklin's evidence, Mr. Dorman, superintendent of the asylum, called and saw the awful stato of destitution in which they were existing, but told them that if they refused to go to Castlemaine the re- lief would be stopped ; and this ' was done., After this Mrs, Maoklin wont to the mayor and got a r'olief-tiokot, tut on presenting it relief was refused. Thoy mado no application after this, and tho wrctchod woman took in washing, and the neighbours assisted them; a kind Samaritan, Mrs. Anderson, who got tho houso for them ano paid tho only rent ever paid by theui, doing her best ; but the stato they lived in according to the evidenco of, Dr. Cruikshank, tho \- medical gentleman who made the post-mortom, and tho other witnesses, WBB something almost inoredible .as exist .ing.in a Christian-country. There was not a stiok of furniture in tho place, no bod or bedding, and they must nave Blept on the floor, with nothing but rags about four inohes square whorewith to covor thom. On Thursday ibeir only ohild, alad about 13 years of Bge, was out in tho tush, and the poor-woman was loft in the dreary hovel with her blind husband. Tho lad found his mother doad when ho returned on-Friday morning. Such ie the heart WBdiog story. Tho verdict of the jury was as follows : " Wo find that tho deceased. Ellen Macklin, carno by her death by pneumonia( brought on by exposure to oold for want of proper covering, being destitute of bed or bed- clothes, and wo further-find there was great inhumanity shown by whoever was tho means of having tho support from the Bsnevolont Asylum stopped in this case." DBATK or AN OLD RACEHORSE.-The South Austra x«"! ¿«verlt'*r thus records the death of an old racer : Mr. Gerrard's well known thorough-bied, South Austra- lian, is doad, it "having boen found nocesaary to shoot him to put him out of tho misery of a long illness. Ho was .lust about twenty years old, and has left o good many of his breed fcehind him. He was imported by Messrs. J. and \J. B. Fisher about fiftoen yoars ago, at tho samo time as ?trank and several blood mares were brought out. A fluor pedigreo than his could not bo found, for ho comos from a ftmiiy of winners. HÍB siro, Cotherstone, waB by Touoh stone out of Emma, by "Whisker, own brother to Moworina tlo dam of WoBt Australian; Emma was also the dam of ill. ft Tíí, of th0 i?e.rby- In 1843 Cotherstone wen tho Kiddloworth Column and 2000 guineas 8Äca it Newmarket, the Derby at Epsom, Grat wicko Stakes at Goodwood, 200 sovereign stakes at Doncaster, and Boyal Stakes at Newmarket, winning all in a cantor. His total winnings, after doduottng his own s'akes, amounted to £12,7»0-a greater sum than any S.6»'* w|»Tfa a yoar. West Australian won tho Derby £2000 and St. Leger. South Australian's dam was Joan tina, by Priam out of Johanna, by Sultan. Sho was dam of Cossack, winner of tho Derby. South Australian was never trained for racing, but is tho siro of moro winners hero than any other siro imported to this colony. Thov moludo Midnight, Enfield, Tim Whiffler, Apparition, Kogalia, and others. Of all winnora by him Apparition is «io only ono from n thoroughbred moro. Ho loaves somo young stock. Tho old horse wes a model. Thongh not exhibiting tbo grand proportions of Fisherman, Acs of Unba, or Talk o' the Hills, ho was, nevertheless, the pio- lare of symmetry nnd power. Ho stood 15 hands 3 inches ; ?was compaot, strong in tho loins, with faultless logs, and a line graceful crest. His stock wa need not describe, for «¡eir appearance and qualities oro familiar to all who take .*$n'?terc6t i?.t?rf nia"«-6. Mr. Coglin bas just given. . *2-50 for one of bia colts. 