CORNELIUS DELANEY, ESQ JP TO THE SOL^irOR-GENEfiAlI T ° GREETING— Be jabere, come now, Mistber Wrixon It certainly looks moighty quare foDd ov tb e " " Shud think WE can't act on the ilu^are. Faix, tbe charge which yeesmakt ia tremi„ia. 1 No wondber we kicb up a fuss When yees go the whole hog in yer letthe, At tarring huz all wid one brush. * For meself, wboy. av coorse, oi ani tbinkiu Expineuce may tache bettber tbines • An 01 till yees don't thry to be flyin " Before there is stringth in yer wings. Bekase, if yees do, it is loikely, In tatdn too much ov a bound It may happen yer pinions won't sare From no ind ov a whelt on the grouiii YeeB are up to a few things, oi reekin An' remimber the lesson, t o doubt,' That thim as do live in glass houses. WHEBB ARE TOE LicENSEa-Th, JlmUtm Spectator says :-"Our attention has been drawn to the £wt tliit not a single license for the occupation of lind under the act of 1869 hu yet been iBstftd by the Governor. We beliet. we should be correct in saying that this aoiilien all over the colony, but at any rite we CM speak for own district It may be tbonghttlm the grant of permission to occupy snpersea»R the immediate necessity for issuing the licenses, bnt it is not so. The selectors complain that snlitters holding timber licenses are taking all tbe timber off the allotments of those applicants who have passed the local boards. We have of instances where the selector is actually Jiving on his ground, and is still powerless to prevent tbe cntting down of his timber nnder his verynose, the splitters telling him be has no title to his land, and challenging bim to tty the question. What insuperable obstacle there can be to prevent the issue of the lieeusee after all this delay we cannot imngine. THE following nnfortuate accident Is repotted by the Alexandra Times:—On Monday last, as Mr Taylor, clerk of courts at Alexandra. *as returning from Tea, he fonnd a horse saddled and bridled at the foot of the Eglintoti GJ^ which he caught, and was proceeding to Ala. andra with it, when he noticed a man caven& witb blood lying tinder a tree, some distann from the road. As the man was much hut and in great pain, Mr Taylor started to Alexandra for Dr Ferguson, and sent assistance from Norbury's. The unfortunate man, whose name is Halliday, had been pitched from his horse on his bead, burting his spine, and the lower part of his body is completely paralysed. It is somewhat singular that tbis same man nearly lost his life last summer by the bite of a snaka, being insensible for a considerable time. THE Augusta Chronicle and Sentinel learns that a planter near Midway, in South Carolina, about 7u miles from Augusta, has cultivated his entire farm this year—so far, at least as ploughing 1B concerned—witb an alligator. The animal is an unusually large one (weighs 3501b), aud is perfectly docile aud domesticated. He is said to work splendidly in plough harness, and is far superior to mules or horses. He is also very serviceable on rice plantations, bit has a penchant for eating for his dinner usually a little nigger, and consequently the introduction of the alligator for farming purposes is not general where the social element is of the colored persuasion. A NEW ZEALAND CHIEF, Wt Tako Ngatata, in tbe conrse of an examination before the Petitions Committee at Wellington, delivered himself as follows, respecting the effect of the European law on Us own people:—''The lair is defective. When a Maori commits an ofience against another Maori, no notice is taken ei it; and therefore I say, although the Government tells as that we Maories are under the same laws as tbe Europeans, we, the Maories, receive no benefit from tbe law. The Europeans keep the body of the law, and give ua the ghost of it I compare the present state of tbe law to B man looking into a mirror. The European is in front of the mirror, and can see what is reflected in it; tbe Maori is behind it groping in the dark. Therefore, when a Maori commits an offence he is blamed for it, and told that Le is no good, and that he should be obedient to the laws nf wbich he knows nothing. Another thing I want to know is this—why are these Maori members allowed seats in tbe House of Representatives 1 I have never beard then say a word. I suppose they sit there as carved images." * The Daylesjord Mercury says :—We understand from good authority thatMaeey, wbo was convicted at the Ballarat Circuit Court on a charge of embezzling ilOOO belonging to the shire of Creswick, and sentenced to several years imprisonment for the offence, is abont to open a general store next to tbe Sbire hall, Kingston. Indeed, part of tbe stock-in-trade has already been received. We are aware that some technical objections to tbe conviction have yet to be argued in the prisoner's favor, bat they cannot alter tbe moral effect of the verdict If onr information is correct—and we have no doubt of it—the ex-secretary of the shite must be one of tbe coolest specimens of humanity that even this colony can famish. AN ATTEMPTED BUBGLABY.—An attempt; was made to enter tbe premises of Mr Morrison, provision dealer, in Pall Mall, last night Toe thieves appear to have actually succeeded m gaining an entrance, but were alarmed and but & retreat without taking with tbem any plunder. It is to be hoped that the police will frive account of the marauders before long.—Bendw Independent, Oct 14. A PBINTEE'S EEEOR.—Ca-refal as ODr pnntets are by habit (Bays the Argus), their trained vigilence sometimes allows of a ail p, and the ton E Cohen, M.L.A., is the latest victim intlut respect At the magistrates meeting of Tuesday last, Mr Cohen took a very decided part against carrying a resolution calling npou the Solicitor- General to withdraw hiBnufortuiiate circalarana expressed himself in-two speeches to that effect On the opposite side was Mr G. Wharton, J r, who alluded to what Mr Cohen (mentioning lum by name) had said, in order to draw a new inference, which to followed up by arguments dead against Mr Cohen's conclusion, tve printers, by a strange oversight, finding A» Cohen's name beginning a sentence of oar report of Mr Wharton's speech, madi that name stanfl as the speaker, and thus Mr Wharton s words are put into Mr Cohen's mouth. The mistake only went tbe length of making ilr Oof® declare—"It was not eating humble pw w withdraw that which was uncalled for, unnecessary, and unjustwhereas, but a fowl™® above he was reported to say—" The bolicicoi General would have good reasons for decluung to withdraw the circular. , . . • . wrong to ask the Solicitor General to humble pie." _ ,, . m,. MAB&VIXJ.;& COCOi For Srtaif<al-- Globe Bays -." Various importers and jnanuW^ have attempted to attain a reputation for th«ir prepared Cocoas, bat we doubt whether any UwnwgP success had been achieved until Measre Taylor BTOUiot discovered the extraordinary qualities of " M ? tavl !r Cocoa. Adapting their perfect system of prepare™* to this finest of all species of the Thecforomm have produced an article which supersedes ever? OIDK Cocoa in the market- Entire solubility, a deliom nutrition, distingnishthe MaraviUa Cocoa others. For booKBopatis and invaUds we »nia recommend a -more agreeable dr valoable bevenigfc Sold in packets only Tiy all Grocers, of wlion also ny be had Taylor Brothere" Original Homoeo^thic wc® and Soluble Chocolate. Steam Mills-Bnw London. Whin shyiu' uo shtones shud look out —MelbottmsPuvch 