HALF MINUTES WITH OBSCURED AUTHORS. We had written "obscured" without the “ d,” but then thought better of it, though in reality that is even doubtful. For instance, if we had omitted the “d” we could but have explained the meaning of the word, and we must do so now, and more than that, must explain the explanation. By “ obscure” we should have meant, not inherent obscurity, but acci dental or local obscuration; and having used the politer word “ obscured,” we have to say that what comes hereafter must explain itself. Our half-minutes were spent with the estimable writers whose contribu tions to the “ Suggestion-book” at the Mechanics’ Insti tute during the last ten years or more.have hitherto been obscured by the .narrow confines of the slightly oleaginous volume in which they have been recorded. ' The performance of the “resurrection man’s” func tions over these long-buried corporal vehicles of im mortal thought has been sometimes a painful, some- ; times.a cheerful task. Some who wrote here, and whose “ suggestions ” are like fossil curiosities, show ing the process of progress, in the. institute, are nowi themselves buried. Some really and corporally, others only by absence or reversion to obscurity, or that silence which, says the sage, is golden. In the infancy of the'institute we meet with “ Quiz,” who submits that the local daily papers might be “on the tables by 9 a.m.” No very extravagant proposal certainly, nor that of “D. Mac’s,” for “card3 stating the time each reader should keep the paper.” This .was in the days before newspaper-stands were erected, and “D. Mac” shortly after suggests that the Argus be cut in two, so that four readers might feed at once on the lively, columns of that many-eyed journal. • This was about the time that thesummer days were coming, for im mediately we find “G. E. F.” saying that “ a jug of clean water” was desirable, as “the expense would be nominal, and the boon in these hot days be grateful.” “H. H. 8.,” with a firmness and decision suitable to his initials, then appears, and says that the “ keeping of the books of reference locked up is inconvenient, and, if intended as a precaution against theft, is utterly puerile.” This suggestion of flat burglary, or, possibly, mid-day rapes of the lock, seems to have eljcited. no remark from the callous committee or its secretary. A pair of literary facetiaJ, “G. T.” and “ G. H.,” unite soon after and reflect apparently- the temporary absence of one popular source of funny in spiration. They mildly ask, “ Would the committee oblige by a notice if London Punch is to be again ob tained.” This appears to have touched the secretary or some other magnate of the institute to remoter issues, for following the query is a notice by the secre tary that “ members must put their signatures to the notices.” Then comes a fierce lash from one of ; the guardian angels whose function was to watch over the institute and reprove all naughtiness. “ William Cooper,” one of the unsuccessful candidates for the secretaryship, springs a. mine upon some shock ing thing or other. He gives notice of- mo tions for the next quarterly meeting—by-the-by, no such things now exist—first for enquiry as to the mode of the election of the secretary; secondly, “ that the election of the present secretary was a manifest yo 6, and illegal, and that the appointment be either set aside or the words ‘no member of committee shall take any office of emolument connected with the in stitute except that of lecturer, be expunged.” Even the droll humor of the quoted rule, excepting lecturers as unfortunates who were not likely ever to be cor rupted-by emoluments resulting from their labors, could not placate the ire of the committee at this ter rible assault upon the “ corporate honor ” and five words—“ Expunged by order of the committee,” were all that was conceded in explanation of some broad and vigorous crossing out lines drawn across the offensive notice.; How “W. C.” took the retort the book does not say. Let us con sole the accusing spirit by assuring him that if a foul “ job ” was done he has had or will have his revenge, since, as Wordsworth tells us, • “ From the body of a guilty’deed, ; A thousand ghostly fears and haunting thoughts proceed.” So rest, perturbed spirit, for committees may not “ expunge” the ghosts, though they have thy bold indictment. We believe implicitly in the ghosts. ; It is more than whispered that the place is haunted, and we have ourselves seen spectral things and heard terrible . noises sometimes of. nights in different parts of the institute. After that we come to “J. 1t.,” who enquires “weather” Mr So and So has not had a book called “A Thousand Facts ” in his possession “ for some months.” It seems that “J. It.” found out that it wa3 not a fact, for he immediately adds the following penitential post cript “my information was incorrect; J. R.”. Then we come to a humorist, who signs in curious characters “K. G. Z,” and says, in equally curious syntax, that “ several members suggests that the newly appointed ‘ active young man ’ is supplied with slippers to avoid the row he makes with his ponderous boots.” The thought, like the grammar, is a little involved, but the “active young man ’’was duly slip pered we presume, as the improvable grammarian does not return to his muttons. By this time the cold weather has come round, and “J. B. T.” says he “would suggest the fires-be lighted.” This, no doubt, was a reasonable demand, but it was ap parently neglected, for soon after we find “ J. B. T.” growing peremptory, and with almost agonising brevity he writes, “fires much wanted.” Across this brief outburst of a nipping and an eager spirit, some brutal commentator wrote “go to school.” But before this we have met with a “ J. Miller” who has suggested many improvements in the institute. Then, “W. B. \V.” suggests a “ class for the study of chemistry and metallurgy,” with a sort of promise of papers to be read by Mr Hugh Gray. This seems to have brought out an inarticulate or only partially articulate writer, for we read immediately : “ 26th May, 1860. It would be. ” What “ would be, ” must now, we fear, be sadly regarded as one of “ the lost secrets” of history. Next we come to a fertile source of inspiration of contributors to the book. “J. B. Halls” calls the committee’s attention to the want of improvement in the approaches to the W.C., and “ J. Miller” requires, in suggestive phrase ology, attention to “ the easement of the door” of the institutional forica. The omniscient “J. Miller” is continually suggesting. Nothing seems to escape him, and we have him turning up again quickly with a suggestion that the people who supply the Mel bourne papers “ supply copies without next to invisi ble columns or office waste.” “A. T. Turner” has a_ suggestion for attention to' the ventila tion of the reading-room, and that is : a suggestion- that is, unhappily, of almost cease less value and significance. “E. H.” then drops aline begging that “pens and ink be kept on the library table constantly for the use of members.” Following “E. H.,” comes the irrepressible “J. Miller,” touching the better management of the library in reference to which he has, rich with the re sulfa of many years experiment, a “ plan and specifi cation deposited with the secretary for consideration.” “ E. H.” has not been attended to, and “ R. B.” backs him u,p, and enlarges and italicises the demand, for he asks for “ pens, ini, and paper." He has hardly had time to do that when “J. Miller ” re- appears with a suggestion that the committee visit the W. C., and then proceed to a perusal of the “Builder, p. 584, on deodorisation.” “W. B. W.” then wants the committee to hang up in the reading room portraits of Burke, Wills, and King, but in the meantime the inexhaustible “ J. Miller” is ready with another suggestion. This time he advises the placing a letter-box on the door of the secretary’s room. The secretary ought, in fact, to-have been the happiest of mortals, so many were the friends who were thinking about him. A little later we have “C. Andersen” suggesting “ that the playing on the har ! monium by the secretary be confined to certain hours, say from nine till five o’clock. This is eight hours, and must be ample time for the most ardent per i former to practise in.” This at first sight seems | reasonable enough, and the writer goes on to discuss the qualities of. certain musical compositions. He does not labor the question much, but he says enough to show that while he might have been enraptured with Jessica while the soft moonlight slept upon the bank and the sounds of music crept in their ears, he could not bear the solemn and somnolent harmony of the secretary’s harmonium. From visions of patines of bright gold and the music of the spheres we suddenly drop to a proposal by “W. M. K. Vale,” that the Encyclopedia Britannica he got even if half the cost be defrayed by a special subscription by the members. There wa3 a “ single-speech Hamilton” once, and this book makes us a present of a single proposal Vale, for we do not find the name again. But the Encyclopedia Britannica is now in the: library.' The notable “J. Miller” comes up again with a suggestion that the reading-room be shut at ten p.m. This was no doubt pure philanthropy on Miller’s part. His multitudinous advisings were less fruitful than Vale’s single one perhaps. At any rate this last one was not adopted. After a good many “it would be desirables” the secretary auietly appears with a corrective declaration that something or other “is much desired.” Thentheperenniallyefilorescent“J. Miller” breaks out afresh andsuggests by way of providing funds for ceiling the then unceiled hall, “that great novelty which took so immensely well in England a few months ago—A Calico Ball.” It is a melancholy fact that this immensely taking thing did not take with the prosaic committee of that day. A little further on we have “ T.G.N. ” asking that Earl-Stan hope’s “Life of Pitt” be got for the “ liberary,” whereupon some cruel suggester follows with a recom mendation that “ the above individual should go to school and learn -to spell." A brief spell of common places brings us to the first “ chess-nut ” as the Yankee droll has it.' “C. Armstrong ” complains of the noise made : by lookers on as an. annoyance to chess and draught l players/ and soon after “ R,8.” asks for chess and dominoes for the coffee-room then just started as an experiment that did not » nnttee found such an f ! ar the eco n L-°, bre i. no stand has ever hep n ° Vablon decidedlrWlC:dcoia library had gro h! ?r °. CUred - % fe.ior mth gre J, ft. get at the books withTh^®*® ln <* * a to,®* a catalogue. Then w’p t cla ~- sl &catio; n 0 f the i, rto in the grievance’ll fectant “at the back ”®™? on ° f the use of “ Under consideration ”Jn , 13 Was pungent memories goadinplf bas been too long.'? T n T to orfe tb Hurley,” then appei W hM rf 8 -. .“ thafc uw Dd r ««*«% /• its legitimate uses, or be d «licat*l t suggestion was not adopted wrafiveT native. By this time the se Cr l t 0 lts P«W> against writers who did not "“*4 up St next page is headed thus-“^ thelr n . am ». Wd ft! signed!!” Ho doubt the imperatro StloM must be declarative mood was necessarv to ! “Wv from being swamped hv * prevent fte 2 The committee couldn’t help^° D f ble it and its officer of course wanted® to? o*' 0 *'' 1 at » but of their active friend* Q .? aa m int , Mr Watsford tells us The Rev we must administer laudanumLtl,pp W !- g 0 to Ki we get m bed, and must be tmT^ l P e( b J .lwound 3 devouring hosts of mosqffitoes ‘° flp C by hungry Fijians who dwell am„L n ?! riler efe, he could have assured us that, before a " and 2 stung to death or roasted for aFi K “ S bltte a or have got the autographs of our of our surviving friends, it would » sad consolation. In this respect ftp • haTe beeD » mittee was better off than Fijian setH""* 1?s'oo \- is ever working ala J 0 £ mm t eK Bai stil sooner had the secretary’s last ”“?. enaliM - X» with its notes of admira&n; than 2° arises. “J. Fitzherbert” has paid hif< but has, it seems, received a circularV^T? pai ». and he is indignant. He sweests tw it 1 defaulkr , should find out who is in araear fi!°f t <. the , Co ? oitt '« profitless trouble as a this f. f dth ««ve Hurley then return* a desirable that some officer of U, 11 u be in the reading-room or the hours of business.” Another wJf 1 dam I ■‘A. T. Turner’s” ventilation desires tbat bly met, for “A. O’Learv” pnmr.i • aaTe beea km side, that the windows are too much opeT ‘n •*' ter, presumably, and he avers Parties closel/’button '*s street.” He underlined his words to rive kT & a sort of Titianesque coloring of an-w Kernel personage, evidently of note, but whom ah w ■ to remember, now appears as a sort of ing benediction, and it is recorded tW®“ t * Marquandhas much pleasure in according ation of the library and the channel compared with the institute in Melbourne of tW name. Mr Marquand’s language is not absolute m fection, but we can endorse, his comoarffiv i P even though we wot of dirty dp not remind one of the sweet south t banks of violets. The lively “J. Hiller” time to have vanished from the scene, but in there is a ‘ J. M. Connell,” who suggests that the co E ' \- f e t f roour % an English translation oi Kris- Spiel, the greatest military game in the world” /and one cultivated m Russia and Prussia," and “at •- sent creating a perfect furore on the contb ” How tne gapae was to be translated, or how it hi been cultivated is not stated. Contrasting withlh" ardent sponsor of “Kriegs-Spiel” comes “Cl!” who pathetically asks, “ Could .not the ches*vr be . a little more quiet when emptying or fflliip the boxes. That was a .moan often made k tie days when there was no smoking-room vrie for letting off the energy of strident pW ihe summer has come and gone several times durin our explorations in the book, and now we are araiaia ' solstice. It is evidently a bitter time, k W. S. Kemp, ’ writing with a pathos sharp as the ; biting temperature, says that in “such bitter eo’d weather’ members need a fire. With a heroic soil above such indulgences, “ J. If. C." recalls attention to “ Knegs-Spiel the greatest, &c.;” Then, “Thosm Godfrey” conjures the committee to supply awmt He asks that an English grammar be added to the library, that 11 possible future M.L.A’s. may be pro vided with a remedy for the disgrace to both members and constituencies, we so constantly have an eihiticoa of here in the instance of a representative whose spoken or written language would subject a charity schoolboy in England to the richly merited reward oi either the cane or the birch.” We at once repudiate thb impudent libel upon the character of our representa tives, for everybody knows that if any place in Vic toria can claim to have uniformly sent both honest and cultivated men to Parliament Ballarat is that place. We wipe out Godfrey, then, in disgust, aid we are. glad to be able to say that his suggestion wis, as it deserved to be, disregarded. Again we com; to “J. M. C.,” who has evidently superseded the vaunted j “J.,Miller.” Winter is over, too, and summer borne ] again. “J. M. C." feels it, and he suggests that i “solid blocks of ice", be put in the filter at intervals, j It is not so hot, however, but that he can devote him- ■ self.to the: emollit mores business. He has no sooner done with the ice than he gives the public a dig in : the ribs by suggesting “ the propriety oi furnuhing; the library with a little book on ‘ Etiquette,' much required in Ballarat." Whether it was the warmth of the weather or of his emotions that led to his underlining the point of his prophecy the oracle alone can determine. A little further oa a great civic dignitary wrote himself down an—advocate of an attempt to “ prevent collections of noisey l«y> about the institute. This was in the days that are gone; and an irreverent person, followed the digntny with an appeal for “a spelling-book for our wunhj mayor,” as if there had never been betterment® either who could neither read nor write, much'=3 spell. “Antonio D. Huggins” suddenly come u.o notice, and his name is so musical that he want 5 Ei - ; of the “ everlasting grind” of the secretary nium, and even hazards the opuiion , would be “ better away.” Then the active J. —superseding “J.M.C.” —re-appearsivithanunp.-as-- shred of Miller’s mantle upon him, and writes ■ the patent self-acting earth-closets are much Kjaif here.” Hot all the multitudinous seas or sagi=* can wash out that foul spot. The patent ' longed for by “J. M. C.” never came, nor alavM ■ that “N. E. M.” immediately afterwards r“ OI ®TL From these sanatory thoughts we ! ? e ,' ~cm; “J. T. H.,” who wants the Lra* Rebbellion” procured, and “R. responds with, “I beg to suggest a spe if no orthographic “rebbellions , wer ® p i eo! e, The days of hot winds have orrid hUi with no “ blocks of ice _to qualify vfhercfcre I and now the winter is “me^ra the committee’s mind is stwra* P > . = t ta great fire question, “W. S. Ee®P ' reads authorities to take notice that the jjjer fc ■“ 49,” and to say if they “ would kmffiy « . propriety of a good fire, as being' vaj membera of the institute, itof ihenno^ unexceptionally polite and so pom , V _ jfudic was supported by “H. B. Mornson, , adorns the subject an incisive tj “that warmth be imparted bo -; u riividuah m®> some means that will prevent evening.” 5 polising the same M t iola' J { .are not quite sure what Mr M mon !t-irgaf; monopolised, but if it was tb® toa cr y yet quite out of elute. We nex C {{ j ' and for new catalogues “ nd d n tore3 d allowed the chance of sitting n ;a ok;ngn’-_ papers without being dn '' en J° b et 0 the below.” This inopportune reim i room calls up “J- L„” l^ntdu^ “ relieve the smoking-room of P, g eTa iarai ; and condemned cell appe®** woU ld ther to hint that “« rbobc h X r hb thing in the. vicinity, ( b“ fc , r; ,| r « and a variation of tbe J euphemism we cannot teU. f „ a ew u® 1 & having, it seems, been disposed ,l E c.,” non- musical crusade is nmrf fte Hiff. prising neologist, Society reliearsingio to Sudent3.” “source of great nuisanc rate is something in tbe - P f Jpjrtusitfe' “H. C.” requires opinions b£ orthographic pinions, inim^b^l “H. C.” we have thi= . &idi; , e a ..M the deposition of metals t further on, asks that “som froffl W vent the Juvenile meetings in the corn or- ttffoo d,’ w brief request from • cl y,” 4 “ a book about “Bering!J, Jto W fully vague and apl g^ ri s* gestion must h. obef circle _t“ committee m who= . par3 ons 01 k “ plauchette” belief JI views, arid whose tbeol gi ot ], er sort 0 as a sort of celestial or som & Attff ood « many flavors. Howe i •''““tAicj o3 only one who “ wants to t j■ V theology. There « baptism question, and ja u . book about the clergy oih fibl three deep, for ‘ afcmoff’ request being for Diebeto ytfiler t “J. M. C." banng . s _ gg&t; S 'ar»SdSi e *e«« »• ■ Kt&’. L'tffiOrt M \\.“ « That a room off 8 f gS r f, representing intelli- nthe habit of fre toread to, as he '•v-t® , <asJti oD - , ®I ,m L &c.; discussing, iBS __l frequentei-s of to the . , hidden and :fpi M » There. 15 , between ro oai —a subtle V : f unless impenetrable, lb f t oue than the impercept ,}% tfd * *Xw with a suggestion being still invisible and H ” d l£ .iJ.Hlist W ler ' t rid of worse than %on “J.A.” we ‘““ang nhat a cage - be pur the smoking-room for t px* VL he being such kf; mild flash of jocu- To vault, “Another * t hthe P amiable proposal “ that a lV L f Iced on the suggester of nd that he be exhibited atone f, yi ii t'- p ivv whistling might curiosity asthe -°7- to f r \- „ „ nu id seem to intimate, , f « ail( rge3tion3. Let us “° a * er te w y r s ’ mav find as few blunders, i much fun, as little ill- fol pro of of progress in an msti been, all things considered, 