TOWNS AND VILLAGES OF NEW SOUTH WALES. ? 1 TBUNKEY. After a few days' fine weather, I ventured on a trip to the above place, but:, taking the adrico of n. friend, I booked a seat in Phillip's well-known Bathurst ceach, driven by a steady, careful, and well-known ' whip' — a till and strong eon of Windier — and the team as fine as any in the colony. It was well that I did not ven ture in my buggy, or I should havo come to grief at many pomti, lor tuere aro lont; swamps, as well as short ones, and a Murdering Swamp, not inaptly named, for valuable titfie is murdered by travelling at a. snail's pace over such wretched roads. If £500 ^were properly laid out on ihe most boggy places, including the approaches to a creek, with some stones to bottom tbe crossing, this road would bs pnssabb, until it was known whether the diggings were likely to become permanent or not ; but in any case the roads should be kept in decent order, if only to-euable the farmers and their families to get ueiir their best market— Bathurst. If somo of the so-called legislators could but see tennis being dug out of bogs, the cattle or horses whipped, beaten with, sticks, nml kicked by men who don't wear slippers ; hurncss broken, chains snapped— and then listen to the atmosphere -??being polluted wiih tbc degreed and disgustingly obscene language directed to man's best friend.— 'The bravc| the gallant, ' noble horse'— mcthiuks, thoughtless or senseless as a large portion of our M.Ij.A'b are, that the first step in civilization — good roads— would be woro ntteuded to, nnd less expenditure of -the jjublio funds in useless printing and otherwise; I am not going to infringe upon tbc province of your Killing Reporter, whose approaching visit to this pln.ee is looked for by many interested therein ; bis geological and scientific knowledge rondel's his reports too valu able for me to interfeie with. I, thcreforo, may be excused noticing tho almost-bubblc companies started chiefly to put money into the pocke's of directors and managers, some of whom could not tell tho differ ence between, gold and copper, or white qunrtz and pyrites ! In short, one of these scientific (?) ir.cn has bad Home twenty-five or more tons of slate crushed at 12s (id a ton, when there wna not a speck of gold to be found in it. Wonderful management ; fine prospects for shareholders ! Your Mining Ksporter will be able to tell your readers of tho wonderful Bngaeity possessed by tho management or ' bom-d' of oiie company in placing their expensive crushing machinery on a spot where it is quite useless, instesul of a plnee where tha etone (if found to be good) could bnvo been rolled down to the ttachuie ; and of another company, whose manager lost more gold than be collected, although he had some of the very be3t machinery that P. N. liussell or any other firm ever made. He may tell you that directors and others whose only interest is in selling tbo chares given them (by tbo deed of inoorpoi-.-.tion) for the use of their very doubtful (commercial) names, .ire not tho men who should be entrusted with the funds of tho general jmblic, and that such men arc not of the class who have raised BaUarat to its important position. , Trunkey is situated on tbe Goulbum-road, siboutforty miles from Cathurst and eighty )mk\s from Goulburu', passing many farms, some of thcin evidently bolougiDg to meu wuo kjiuw a xuougu irom a uouso, uuc not mucu more The neglected homestead, or move properly speaking, hute, with straw, corn, and hay lying about everywhere, children as dirty, (is Ihcir grunting com panions' (the pigs) ; the whule forming such a picture of dirt and misery, that there can bo no wonder these people do not improve their position. The land ia rich for many miles, and belongs to some of the few wealthy residents in cud about Bathurst. The first seventeen miles of the road wfuits but little doing to it — a few b°E£y places repaired — and commands some very pretty scenery ; then a steep aud wretchedly rugged ascent tip Pino llulgc, a steep that might be avoided by a goed road round it opens a view of plains and mountains for many milea. The prettily-situated town (or cily) of Bathurst and suburbs, with its buildings, river, aud plains, comfortable-looking 'seats' of thr wealthy farmers, and fattening paddocks —tbc whole forming n picture of the beautiful that man has aided Dame Nature to make. Some three miles luoro and you arrive at your first stage, much to tbe joy of tbe tram of four well-fed horses, nnd, if the bracing ftir has done you good, alsji to your own pleasure ; ami as favas my experience goes a four hours' run over plains and moun tains is pretty euro to n:ake an appetite too lecen to inquire who is to join, you at the table, the only requi site being clean and wholesome food, and suc:t: ihe traveller is sure of at the respectable but homely inn kept by W. Boulton. The trip, so far, was occasionally enlivened by one of the team 'lacking over tho traces,' as is usual with some female 'leaders.' Our dinner being finis-h«l and properly washed do\ni with some of Tcnnnut a v.-cll know ilIo, a fresh te;im is 'put-to,' one of the fcur being prone to bolt ! Away we go over eighteen miles of bog Biid mis, wLieh voal d defy the whole team — if they were all trotters— to go far at a stretch ; msmy narrow escapes occur ; but thanks to the, driver, we go along merrily. -But if the reader intends travelling this load by coach, if bis nerves are strong, like wine, let him take the bos ; if otherwise, go insido, and thus avoid seeing the team slipping first on tbc near and then on the off side into ruts and bogs enough to break their legs ; the coach going over wide chasms, in and out of deep bogs, strid ing ruts, round etumps and trees, sinking heavily into the bed of a river, and with difficulty pulling up the sloping and soft mudbank, tbc horses' legs and tbe wheels of ihe conch barely to be seen .' These .lie ihe roads, ye Sydney men. of commerce, over which your representatives aud your goods have to travel. They aro tracks, not roads ; disgraceful alike to the Govern ment, to the so-called legislators, nud to the civilised community forming tbe people of this colony. In running over the last stage, we pass the station of the well known T. Jones, the hospitable owner of Mount I.nmbie, nearEydal. Tbe 'precious roetaT' is to be found in several parts of this run. On further is u stone building, now s post office, fcrnicrfy a public school, but as no bouse is to be seen along the read for several miles, the place seems .1 queer spot for either a school or i-ost office. The Jatter is us-eful for the farmers and others skirting the mountains on either side of the road. Still further on is another post office, kept by nn industrious shoemaker, having one other i-es:-!e:it— a farmer — for bis neighbour. 1 believe- the wbclc of the district from Boulton's Inn to this post ofibo is named Oaloola. A few miles further brings you to »' One-eye,' a station belonging to a well known wealthy retident of Bathurst ; it is a miserable-looking place, although the agricultural ground appears to be most fertile. The Trnnkey go!d-nclils commence here, and tbe 'Victorian Company bavepitchedtheircngine and formed iJargaaamiiearans«»t;4iid«3ryai«ydid«j,w3ienat is;mU cost they could have had Chard's dam, already made, and at the foot of a fine range, then, if not now, expected to be i-ayable, besides being above one mile and a half nearer to the best part of the diggings and in the township, I must leave your Mining importer to inswer. %Vhen I last visited Tnrnkey all was expectation. Arthur's Town was just laid out, and, Arthur, Chard, and Company (the prospectors) were about building a store and hotel. Bark Cuts and other buildings were rising aud being projected ; but, owing to the ox-member for Singleton's Gold-fields teasing Bill, tbe operations of the miners then on the field were stopped, and principally through the two*spcculative companies and some Governincat onlcers, who were* toldag advantage of their position to ihe injury of the working miner. And here I must acknswledge the promptness of the present Government, and especially the Treasurer, in causing an inquiry into tbe matter alluded to in my former letter, by which one 'official ' had to return to bin duties, for irhich he was and is well paid, instead of speculating for a 'rise 'on a gold-field; and another thought it most advisable to transfer to California, a task he accomplished, it is said, by the aid of a specu lator in Trunkey chares. He left, minus his reputation, after having robbed the miners or the Government of all the cash he took for 'registration' and otherwise, from February 'till June of last year. The new regu lations, by -which officials are not allowed to hold vjrown or auxnenous iana witnout tne consent ot Government, will put a stop to such gambling by Government officials, to tile benefit of the mining community generally. New Arthur's Town contains Chard-street, Arthur-street, and Queen- sjtreet, besides many others not yet named— the priuoipal one having some decent erections as stores and hotels. Of the latter, the 'lloynl'is, fora gold-field, a really comfortable and well-arranged hotel, galvanized iron forming the exteiior ; tbe attendance being good, the table well snrsnd, and tbe viaads of tbe best description, reflect ing great credit upon tbe proprietors. Several other hotels arc studded about, some.pf slab, other weather board and iron ; but the number is fast diminishing, forwunt of the abundance of gold that was prognosti cated this time last year : but of which your Mining Reporter may yet indicate hopes of realization, when tbe fields are better developed by practical, instead of ' drawing-room' directors and miners. One publican has olfercd his slab house to a com mittee of gentlemen, who ore raising funds towards building a church ; but it is thought by come that the ghost of King Alcohol would still hover around tbe building, and distract the attention of the listeners from tho most ' crushiag ' sermon ever preached by a gold-fields' minister, There are now about £60 collected, aud if some really pious friends iu Sydney would deeply dig into their pockets and assist euch an object, this golil-fieid would more frequently echo the glorious teachings of Him whose life anil death was one grand and coatinuouslesson to do His and our 'Father's will.' I was astonished to miss tbe ever welcome pioneer from Turnkey — tbe Wesleyau minister aud schoolmaster. U.ow ie this ? There are about sixteen public-houses open at pre sent; but I can assure the 'total abstainers' it will not require two-thirds of the miners to decide about 'closing' many of them, unless soine-better prospects soon appear ; and this remark applies equally to somo of tbe stores, two or throe of which aro well stocked. Tbe Now South Wales Bank has a branch hero under an able, painstaking, well-couuected, although young officer j a gentleman, I venture, to assert, who has the resjscct of every man on tbe diggings, as he possessed that of the people of Grafton, when there occupying a position one step lower. The temporary offices of tho bank form one end of Chard's Koyal Hotel, and an obliging postmaster occupies the other. Three medical gentlemen practice their profession here, but although these bleak mountains produce ninny colds, I a la informed the services of two of them arc not often in requisition, and the third only attends upon special or extraordinary occasions, being on the field fur mining purposes rather than the practise of medicine or surgery ; a second one being the well known namesake of tho champion of ' Emancipation ' in Ireland, the great Dan ! Many Italians are at woik on the field, nnd if they were not doing well they would soon shift. One coloured man has been very fortunate on his alluvial claim, and I am glad to say he knows how to take care of his cash. Many Chuiamcn aro also there, and to tbo Celestials do tlio diggers owe the fine and regular supply of vegetables. A few ' characters' are to bo found at every diggings, and amongst such at Trunkey is one who has the n-.iutation of being tile 'second' in a duel between his friend the Duke de MoutncDsier. v/ho lifts obtained more recent notoriety ia the same art of refinement, tis Been by thu hst'iuaiL Another, belonging to alowci'stiuta of society — an Englishman — who, being vury industrious and quiet when sober, has the peculiar, f.ni noisy fork when drinking of talking about thobeautiful Abbey and Cathedral of York Iiiinstei-, which he has seen on tbo top and (it tbe bottom; mi.virigit up with 'two devils' he met aud killed, a:;rl tbe rather questionable honourable bistoiy of hiiuself 'when bo had his iron leggings on inTas inauia.'1 I think the police should be instructed to lock him up when under the influence of liquor, and thus stuj) a frightful unniac from making a noise through the town, besides the unfortunate exposure of tho poor fellow's antecedents— aud this especially applies to his raving on the Sabbath. There is on this field the originator of the tube-well boring process — ;v Mr. Krnnett, uow manager of tbo Sydney Company's crashing nijichineiy. I am informed this gentleman was the first one w!io, in Ktw Zealand, obtained water by artesian wcll-sinkinj, and the comparative case with which hs obtained water ia abundance at most places, by uicrcs uf steel nnd iinn pipes of small bore, open at the bottom, induced Mr. Norton (after Bennett had left those provinces) to patent his tube-well system, tho only difference being that tho latter are perforated points with a pump. Sir. Bennett says ' ba is certain water can be obtained in many parts 01 every 11m in tuo colony by the artesian system, nnd at comparatively small cost,' and although of late rattier too much water has i/eeu showered upon some parts- of tbe colony, his informa tion and talents might be made available in othrr inland districts where the valuable liquid is not to be had in such quantities. On the morning of the rob bery at the works (the 8th instant), it trould not have been good for either the health or personal appearance of the robbers, bad Sir. Bennett come across them, so onraged was lie. It is estimated that there are about 500 miners on this field, studded about the ridges and mountains, and extending over possibly fifteen miles. — the principal street having stores aad hotels on tbe sloping side of .1 mountain, am! facing ,1 high range supposed to contain a large quantity of tho precious and much-sought-for Sold. One of the medical gentlemen has selected a delightful spot, and has erected a prettily-formed iron house, with a flower and kitchen garden around, at the angle of two mountains mid near the creek. With the exception of this, trunkey, like many other diggings, does not present the beautifnl as a picture, but to my mind there is soirfcthing noble, if not chiumiug, while glancing over n guM-fieM, and viewing the independent sobs of toil- -tho bciiiesi, hard-handed and intelligent diggers, with hero sud there a wife and family to share with them the discomforts of a tent or h;..k hut, braving the many dangers of a digger's !;.?e in traversing the bowels of the earth, endtuing the hail, enow, lain or wind, and sometimes the floods, riskiue the various diseases nnd complaints incidental thereto, and when a 'ncHTUsh' is announced to so easily pack up tlieir 'furniture,' and with their stock-ia-trado away they trudge for many miles— aye at times, hundreds' of miles — to collect this much wanted gold. Monarch's can bout, but none can held. Such I'oirone.t fir.-.j- as the spirit otgold 1 And yet iiow few obtain more than 11 living at it ? and yet fewer still retain much of what they earn so laboriously. 'i')ie;e kr.nhvorking and Juanly fellows deserve better treatment than theyyiave had since tho passing of the GnM-fiiids Leasing JBil! — and I invite cvciy digger to remember who was the author of that measure, -and to remember it at th proper time, i.e., whenever there is nn election ; and many hindrances to the proper development of our gold-fields will dis appear, nad au important branch of the wealthpro ducing in Justly of the colony will again take itB proper place. Amongst the other absuitHties of the so-called ' DoctorV !i!C;!SU! e is. thut of not allowing a digger to ' jiiiuii a c':::;ii': b]i:]c there is an amount (in value) of machinery iegis;or..d ngninst such claim, although sucli ciaiai oi- ci.-im; itir.aiu dormant, as in the two com panies claims uow i-Uc, at Trunkey. At ihe Enmetime, mark ye, gent'.e :cai'..r, that a claim may bo ' jumped' if it belongs, ton, working man, even should nil bis machinery, his siiovil, pick, &c;, beonthc claim, if he is not there during certain hours of the -ia,y. Of course, this is not one Jie.v^or the rich and another for the poor. Oh, 110 ! such tilings could r.ct occur in deuio cratio New South \Va1c6. It could only take place iu my beloved .but much abused aud aristocratic Eng land. Ho-.vever, 1 invite the diggers on every gold field in the colony to feria committees, tb Lold meetings for the purpose of discussing the effects of the pmeatlawsaud rsgulationsaffectiug their interests and through theai, the welfare of the colony, and then to properly lay their objections by their renra sentatives beCore tho proper Slinister, and I am &u;:-e such will receive the consideration ofthe present 1 Government— or, should bo be in puwer, tbe present President of the Council of Kducation ; but I do not know any other member of the Government of whom Mr. Parkcs was a member who would caio one atan more for the important iiiereets of the digger thau ' does thR crotchctty and ridiculous author of the Leasing Bill himself. PERAMBULATOR. New Modi: of PcriritsoScGAB.— MomKiiliiluleof liino is now being employed in the mauufactui t cf sugar. The salt, which i- n :.\viy insoluble in water, .£ added to the crude cane }'??:«, :uul the effect is Enid to be that the nitrogenous; iMV.urs become insoluble and can be removed in tbe scum. It is possible that this reagent j may be found useful in the purification of other organic I compounds. j 