BLENHEIM SPANIELS. No dogs are more, generally in. request and none'are there whose varieties* are greater than the spaniel. There is no breed of dogs that can: boast a larger amount of sagacity, general use fulness, and stronger-attachment to man; and there is no other whose scenting -pouters and adaptability-for sportingJpurpbses-areluperior. Of all the kinds of spaniels the Blenheim breed has probably most degenerated,; and been suffered to_ fall into the possession of a class of persons who either cannot appreciate his good qualities, or are incapable of turning them to good! account. vProfifcable use is made of the Blenheim truly; that is to say, he is .rendered, disgusting in order that he may enrich'his owner by carrying off a prize at one or other jof. the Numerous dog: shows this glorious country ittJw boasts. '■ • . His local habitation is mostly in Long Acre, in the back slums'of London, or occasionally in the parlors, and even the boudoirs of ladies,; inter .which'letter enviable retreat he has been, sometimes, suffered .to enter upon .payment by Ms fair proprietor of the trifling sutnjof twenty? ff've poutids. 'iA computation has bpOn made^rl $m" afraid! to say how many; years' "ago—that '5,OQOsmall' Bpaniels were, • at'the time, kept .in London alone. A strong, proof'indeed'1 that ,ni' there1' 'is1 ho-- 'dog vs6'' Universally in! request - as this." And Mr. Blaine, speaking of their use fulness and general attachment [to man, says "When we say this, we includethq whole family; ofiisgjaniels generally, from the Alpine monster, toTihe diminutive darlihg of iny Lady Blank*3! , • There was something prophetic of the degene ration likely to~ befall f Blenheims irad King' -Charleses when theirVoriginal breeders were so" anxious to prevent a large .extension of their favorite families. His of Nor?, folk would not part \^th. onn pf hm blp.ck and; tan spaniels of the King. Charles, breed'without a . strict promise from the receiver that he would not breed from "it in the direct line.. "TbefS"iS~a""story'recordedr in-Blaine-in- prodf of ,this extraordinary jealousy, on .th^ -part^of the ■D(uke., Mr. Blaine was acoustpmed) tofbe (con sulted" on'matters canine by the Duchess;,pf, •York, and on one occasion " when accompany-; ing Her Royal Highness to her menagerie with'; alindst 'ia [whole kennel; of' canine favorites, behind 'ber," that 'gentleman had the Honor, of having his attention drawn to what hep Royal Highness considered a present of very high value, a true Bpaniel of the King Charles breed, sent' to 'her by -the Duke of Norfolk. ; "But,": she. observed, " would you believe he could be so ungallant as to write word that he must have a positive promise, not from myself but from the Duke of York, that I should not, breed from .it in the direct line,".- The:latkj Lady Spencer, who had an excessive partiality., to Blenheims, "was so devoted, to their Web. fare that,-we believe,;she never wore! a';pin in any part of-her dress, fearing that it might be accidentally the means, of-; wounding one of •these favorites. They, were,; one, .and; all; red, .ami white,! zealous, hunters .'in the- field,; but" required mu'ch trohble to break!" : !. {w; Lady Spencer,- although kuch a, patroness of the I?ukq of Marlbqrough's pets, was not igno rant of them "true'vocation, and did not keep them merely for in- door amusement, nor j feed and comb them into the miserable, specimen^ we, are accustomed to-see at 'the present day.'_ That; ihore.may be considerable difficulty "experienced in. breaking them for use with the gun, I am by; no means ahle to! disprove; but I cannot at all see, why this should be the case any morejtban with other spaniels. If purity of strain has, anything .to (jb. -with amenity* of .'discipline,• surely the[5Ienheini spaniel should have nothing to"fear from a comparison with any other breed. That there, are—or rather that there wpre— .keen' hunters, and beautiful to look at when at I work,1 cannot^be denied by. ahy: who have j seen j redlly'gbbd ones' of their kind upon game} and lunder* the>compaand;.ofi|, good sjporbsmam who .understood;tliem. '..They are" capital springers;; axicl notwithstandirig the irestrictionk laid jupon: the' prop ogation of their species by their j first masters, they as well as the .King-Charles jkind haye been plentifully bred and crossed with ad vantage to the general and extremely extensive spaniel family. . j.'i.X That the Blenheim species itself, however, in its distinctive capacity, is, and long has been, rapidly decreasing, maybe soon ascertained as an undeniable fabt by.-any person' who has a desire to purchase, one. ,. The'prices .charged for thepet specimens now occasionally" to be met with are frightfully exorbitant;. and. certainly" an admirer of the British spaniel would hardly care to become the possessor of such utterly ' useless' creatures.. While, however, .judges ait dog-shows award; prizes"for!the snub-nosed; fat,*' and unshapely , little animals-exhibited about, the" country^" emanating -chiefly -from the dog fanciers of London and Birmingham, _ there' appears to be: no hope for improvement in the. teeed-•' : j '.! Mr. H. Wilsdon, who is—or recently was— in the service of the Duke of Marlborough,'; at, Blenheim, is a.breeder of the old original stockj* and he has produced some excellent specimens. These will himt beautifully, are hardy and useful, - and need no more extra care than an ordinary spaniel. According, however, to the present fashion of breeding Blenheims I do not think he would stand the ghost* of a chance for ap prize against "a regular pug-nosed beauty, bred and fed expressly1 for - such a purpose. Indeed, 'I know- that on-'bhe or. two occasions,^ when some very good dogs of Mr. Wilsdoh's breed have-been exhibited, preference-has been* given to others, which, in my bumble judgment; were not nearly so handsome, and, I am cer tain, were not anything like so useful. iBull,: thick-headed looking-lumps of canine • flesh these. prize-winners were,' with absolutely no-; thing to recommend them but a stupid stoV lidity and a look of complete -helplessness and uselessness. Unfortunately it is only necessary, for one of these dogs to. win a prize at some tole rably important meeting to secure for him a" long run of similar success at minor ones. It has been not unusual to attach a.printed| ' bill, of particulars" to_the den of some toy dogsiat. shows actually before the judging hasjtaken place,* in order, presumably, that the intelli-. genee of the judges may be properly exercised;;, .and that they may not be betrayed into; the. error of giving a "decision inj-corisonance -witlij their-own opinions jand contrary to that.for-, merly expressed.' The unjustifiable attempt tot "snatch a verdict""lias been sometimes con demned, and the obnoxious placard-consigned to.. limbo, but the exhibitor, has not met with. his. .weU-merited.-.reward.-in-being;, prohibited,'and disqualified ate* facto; and the.: evil; has been already; committed by the exhibition of .the placard;.for.whiat.provincial quorum of judges —-for, the most pidt indifferent to thffclaimsTjf" small dogs, and looking with contempt on those " not used in field sports "—would dare, to fly in the face of; such positive excellence; as that ? It is worthyof remark that'the predominance' of yellow is regarded as a mark of superiority of breed in Blenheim spaniels by some fapejers, although those of Mr. Wilsdon, which there;ia at least some reason for believing' have -.de?; scended from the original strain of the Duke of, Marlborough, are not remarkable for a prepon-/ derance of either red or white. . Handsome Blenheims may still be had, and .fashion.may still be observed as in'the case of other spkniels; . At the" first dog-show at Islington this fact was [clear enough... Let the yellow be-the oharacter istic.of'superiority of blood by all .means, , and 'let'thefanciera have theirtasteor their judgment confirmed in this- respect, for it is no doubt right; but lef us'have, something better than dramng-fbom monstrosities.'f . ; :Thhr judges'at great shows cannot be too par ticular in the matteiibf their decisions, influ-. fencing, as these must do, others at minor shows1 throughfentL the - country. - As matters'have hitherto stood,df'a'fancier Tcbhld'bnly contrive to win a pfize foriany one ..o£:hiS'i stock at'such an exhibitiorij; he could calculate: pretty surely upon obtaining a ruh'of: success throughout the provinces; andit'was only for him to keep his loquacity, well up to the mark among the public "to makea pretty .good; thing of it," and to efisime o,'reMy.market- fbrlhis' puppies. - Honor ary. Secretaries*. too;Jhave. at .'small , gatherings b'eenjirather- officiously: than,'.' officially iready to render assistance that.has;fidtbeen.hfeededr-the expressly;; stated i business: of .'thos a,, gentlemen havrng.been "to bent hand to fender whatever assistance judges! may rfeqhire."'' ! The anxiety manifested by a secretary that the judges should not fall into an error—such, for instance* as their .passing;over the acknowledged.(nay the printed) merits of: Some fancy article in fa-vor of something .really genuine—has; been carried so far as to induce >the: opinion that he has in reality been tHe judge.: i:. AJJf. 31. 