THE FENIAN" AMNESTY DEMONSTRA- TION IN HYDE PABK. (From the Daily Telegraph.'). SUNDAY, Oct 24. The proverbial dulness of a London Sunday afternoon was yeBterday enlivened, at least so far as the Western section of the metropolis was concerned, by strains of secular music,-> banners of various colours, furlongs of green significant ribbon, pantomimic fasces apparently made of inferior chocolate, property pikes like elongated wicket-stumps, blood-red Phrygian caps, columns of "patriotic but not often pretty maids and matrons,' proudly caracoling popular tribunes and various other incongruous items of tint,noise and linmanity, such as make up a demonstrations! procession in this inartistic, unimaginative city. The Fenian sympathisers, fraught or inspired with a noble purpose, inarched in their -majesty 'and might through our chief throughfares of pleasure—took possession for a time of "the finest site in Europe"—and finally occupied Hyde Park in considerable foree, wbere they, had it all their own way, in the matter of* Tanting, until they were hoarse and' weary. Prom first to last nobody interfered with them; the base, bloodthirsty hirelings of the cruel Saxon oppressor, awed by the portentous dignity of their attitude, shrunk, trembling from their path, and sought, iu obscure retreats, a shameful, paltry, safety. Cowed by the stately vigour of the intrepid Erse, the mercenaries of tyranny hid their craven crests, nor dared to interfere with the grim frolics of the soverign proletary ; the " crusher" was morally crushed; and the first principle of liberty, that everybody shall be allowed to do exactly as he pleases regardless of public convenience,established law, or common decency,was triumphantly vindicated. To say that any practical results were attained by the proceedings of tbe Fenian Brotherhood yesterday afternoon, beyond the mutilation of a few venerable trees in the Park, would be inconsistent with truth the fact being that the procession was vulgarly oarnivalesque, the oratory weak and turgid and the whole business as puerile as it was troublesome. But, as a sixpence may sometimes be discovered lurking in the unsavoury bosom of a dustheap, so waB an atom of genuine, serviceable good to be eliminated from the heterogeneous mess which the patriots of Erin made of their Sunday demonstration; namely, that the dread confraternity,whose very name has for years served aB a chronic bogey fco grown- up Englishmen, is a harmless, and somewhat humorous, corporation. The ferocity that is expressed by a childish sdf-deceration with paper rosettes—by the mitigated voluptuousness of parading the streets to " Garry Owen" and the " Minstrel Boy"—by the waving of calico banners and the brandishing of wooden- headed pikes—is not so terrible after all; and, if-we could only view it in the proper light,unbiassed by our savage Sassenach prejudices and hatreds, there is comfort to us in such processions as that of yesterday—there is solace to our terror and assurance of our peace. For by and through them we learn to know our London Fenians as they are—innocuous, perhaps cheery—n6t, as our excited imaginations have pictured thein to u's, thirsting for our blood and properly. - Strolling atinoontide along the line of route selected by the Brotherhood for their march; one was agreeably surprised to find the Btreets calm, undisturbed, impavid ; not a Bymptom of panic broke the sweet stillness th&t; pervades onr main thoroughfares on the day of prescribed rest.! The first symptom of Fenianism we noticed was a somewhat murky demagogue, whose long lank ' hair told a thrilling tale of organised resistance to constituted authorities, issuing from a small public-house in Vine-street, accompanied by a leash of dirty admirers, wiping their lips. ! That he held high authority in the patriot band was evident from the comparative splendour of his decorations—broad green Bash, yeliow dollar, green and yellow rosette with scarlet ikssels dependent from its centre; that he had been led by the overpowering nature of his feelings to steep his mortal frame in drink was visible to the naked eye, for he was stiff with liquor. We were informed, as he strode with uncertain but majestic step towards Swan's and Edgar's, that he was " the leader of a column*' whatever that office or dignity of Fenianhood may be; to the uninitiated gaze he appeared ratber to be eminently qualified to lean againBt a column than to lead one. As we approached Trafalgar-square, rendezvous of all the urban and suburban ( cohorts there gathered together lorthe Jiberatiou [ of Erin s heroes, we became aware of a violent drumming and trumpeting,musically picturesque enough at a great distance, but hideous and excruciating as it drew nearer and more near. Can we believe our ear ?—the band is a Fenian band and the air is-«Toinmy Dodd"! Tommy Dodd was not an Irishman,far less a Fenian, go far as we wtrrt l e a s t °° evidence of authority has hitherto been adduced in favour of the theory that he came of a Milesian and rebellious stock. However this may be, there he was, for the nonoe. a fall grown "sympathiser," put forward with such emphasis of. drum and rhythmical enercv. of cymbals, that he might have been taken for the Great liberator himself. Presently he subsided' «'^ce, amidst loud plaudit; Ld the " Marseillaise took his pla£e. Nothing could be more inconsequent as a musical utterance; m L ®«g«ded persons thonght fit to hailthetymn of the barriuSes with furious ™- ln §, and fcundtuous waving of caps. This ill-considered bray, of the brass seemed to be the signal for the starting of -the procession, which accordingly defiled at a sharp walk before us m the following order; Band, headed by banner with "Free our Prisoners!" or words to that effect, inscribed in gilt letters upon a green ground. Cohort of Fenians with banner exhorting the Supreme Being to "Save Ireland!" Open cab, containing Mr M'Donnell and three very Pretty young ladies. Banner, "Erin for ever!" The "Ladies" column, consisting of robust applewomen and their wives and daughters, of dockyard labourers out of work about six hundred strong, all adorned with some green symbol of sympathy, and headed by a powerful young woman waving a gorgeous flag with remarkable perseverance. Many of the "ladies" having gone so far^. past the- prime of life- as to be merging into infirmity, this part of the procession marched past in rather a lame and, if we may venture to say so, waddling manner; bnt it stack to its purpose "womanfully, and was impenetrable to chaff. After the battalion of Amazons had gone by nothing more oi interest presented itself in the' long column of " demonstrators," save a few flagi slightly tainted with sedition as regarded their inscriptions—e.</., "Trust in God, BUT keep yotir powder dry;" "Tire la Eepnblique ! " Disobedience to Tyrants is Duty to-<3odf J " *nd- -"fielease -the Captives, or withdraw the statement of governing Ireland according to Irish opinion —the last of which exhortations may be impressive, but is certainly not grammatical. _ The _ bulk of the Fenian Brothers appeared to be composed of downcast broken-spirited labourers, either on strike . or badly in want of a job, utterly indifferent to the performance in which they were actors, .and trudging along mechanically as if in the fulfilment of an irksome, unmeaning duty. The first and last thing of any significance that we heard in the Park—save and except a statement made by a Common Councillor of Leeds (and received with rapturous cheering) to the effect that" not only ought the prisoners' to be released, but they ought to be paid a handsome sum of money as compensation for the injustice done them"—was the declamation by a couple of-cadgers of a mock. Litany composed for the -occasion by some Fenian humourist, several passages of which were amazingly ad rem. and,moreover, delightfully reckless in the matter of syntax, besides being figurative, allegorical, and altogether Hibernian in the incongruities with which they were replete. We quote from memory one or two choice bits; "Whenthe dow n-trodden sons of Aaron" (probably Erin" in the original) "shall dig their spades into their soil, free from the gravel of tyranny, then shall the wrongs of Ireland cease." "Therefore, I pray and beseech thee, O John Bull and Sandy, to sympathise with poor brother Pat, who, for knocking his shillalegh a little, too hard about the heads ot varmint, too® popped into quod until the- almighty-people shall compel the .Lords of St. Stephen's and let them go free-" " Now it came to pass, when that renowned Irish champion, Bryan O'Lvnn, bequeathed his ghost" (a pretty bequest!) "-to all the wakes in Tipperary, behold there arose four Kings to suck up the best of the buttermilk and dance with the prettiest girls in ould Ireland." "From all Kings and landlords deliver us, Holy Saint, we beseech thee !" There is a rollicking carelessness as to the number in this last invocation that cannot fail to excite the admirat jon of every true Irishman; whilst the "gr avel of tyranny 1 ' may surely claim a place amongst those incongruities -ef utterance the paragon of which was spoken by a famous Irish judgejin his admonition to a prisoner upon whom he was about to prononnce sentence: '' Heaven has bestowed upon yen talents and abilities of the highest order , instead of which you go about the country stealing ducks !" The sight of the day—and few sights in Europe are more impressive—was the glorious green Park, cn wded with all the idlers of London whom curiosity had attracted to see "what the Fenians would do." At least a hundred thou* sand people were assembled within its spacious precints; and although there was a little crowding round the group of oak trees that has become of late years a sort of forum for the promulgation of extravagant and violent opinions, nothing could exceed the good humour and selfcontrol manifested by this enormous gathering throughout the whole proceedings. Nat a policeman was to be seen near the place of meeting; indeed, the presence of a few of these "ruthless myrmidons of the law'' might have served as a wholesome check upon the predatory instincts of our juvenile fellow-townsmen, who employed each shining hour in: relieving the better dressed amongst the spectators of their portable property with considerable dexterity and precision. If petty larceny; wag. actively present in our very midst, however, brutality was conspicuous by its absence,- there was literally no fighting, and bnt little bad language that we conld hear—at least amongthe audience. The very entry of the Fenian columns into the Park had nothing of the terrible,! the sombre, the menacing about it; it wore the semblance, rather, of a holiday jaunt, in which a certain number of lads and lasses had engaged themselves with a view to enjoying the fresh air, the-green fields, and their national ntasic We know few tunes more suggestive of " down the middle and up again" than ''St, Patrick's Day," unless, indeed, "Garry Owen" be the supremely lively'exception^ and to both of these airs, played simultaneously in different keys, and producing an effect strikingly though unintentionally Wagnerish,! did the wronged sons of poor Erin advance to their trystingplace. Another comic feature of their invasion was the exiguous strength of their capalry division, which had 'been magniloquently announced in the programme as a i pro** cession of horses, whereas it turned out: to be a pair—and not well matched either, not; par' ticularly well ridden. The Fenians, we imagine (at least their London legionaries)are not great at ''feats of gallant horsemanship." j To sum up yesterday's demonstration in la few words,we would say that it was useless, unnecessary, and silly—the cause of much inconvenience to the inhabitants of the West-end—conceived, arranged and carried out in the worst possible taste; beneficial to nobody, and imposed upon a large number of poor, ignorant, easily-led men and women in order to afford a few wordy demagogues the opportuniy of delivering frothy I effusions, , which, fortunately _ for the ^ public, could tebeatdby TO* WperMns beside them^vefe 