LOCAL ITEMS. Concekt at Glenelg.— On Friday evening, April 29th, an amateur concert was given in S. Peter's Hall, Glenelg, in aid of the Catholic Female Refuge. Owing to the lateness of the time fixed for it we are unable to find room for a detailed report. However, our readers will be glad to hear that it was a decided success. Requiescat in Pace.— Our respected Yicar-General has received from the Clergy of the Diocese such an expression of sympathy in his late bereavement as cannot fail to afford him considerable con- 1 solation. On Wednesday morning as many of the clergy as could conveniently attend, assembled in S. Francis Xavier's Cathedral for the purpose of singing a Requiem and celebrating a Mass for the repose of the soul of the Yicar-General' s father, Mr. Francis Smyth, the notice of whose death appeared in our columns the week before last. The celebrant of the Mass was the Yery Rev. C. A. Reynolds ; Deacon, Father M. Kennedy ; Sub-Deacon, Father Roche ; Master of Cere monies, Archdeacon Russell. In addition to the above' the following clergymen were present, and assisted in singing the office for the dead. The Rev. Fathers Smyth, Y.G., Woods, Roche, W. Kennedy, Hinterocker, S.J., Polk, S.J., Nowlan, O.S.A., Byrne, Hughes, Maher, Nevin, and McCloskey. A considerable number of the laity were also present. Gebmak Sebmon.— The Register of Mon day, the 25th of April, contains , the following very fair (summary of Father Hinterocker's sermon on the (Ecumenical Council on Sun day evening last : — After the usual evening service his reverence introduced his subject by reading the 15th of chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, narrating the dissensions which occurred at Antioch with regard to circumcision, the mission of Paul and Barnabas to Jerusalem to consult the apostles and elders, the holding of a Council to hear their appeal, the declaration of Peter that the Apostles had been chosen of God and endowed by the Holy Ghost, the audience then granted to Paul and Barnabas, the ruling of James as Bishop of the Church at Jerusalem on the disputed doctrine, and the return of the delegates to Antioch, accompanied by certain of the brethren at Jerusalem. The preacher eloquently described the meeting of the eleven Apostles after the ascension of our Lord, when they resolved to go forth and preach His Gospel to all the world, alloting toj eacbjother districts, in each of which they had left monuments of their zeal. James had been appointed over the Church in Judea ; Peter had addressed himself to the strangers in CappodociaandGalatia ; Thomas had penetrated into the farthest regions of India and to the con fines of China ; while Matthew had turned toward the south to become the apostle of the Ethiopians. These founders of the Church did not bind themselves by Moses, and they had as yet no written word for the new dispensations. They preached Christ from their own personal knowledge, and taught His Gospel as they had received it directly from Himself. Their every power of body and soul was absorbed into the faith which they promulgated. But no zea? or earnestness could preserve the Church from false doctrine. It was inevitable that out of such diverse and incongruous materials differences of faith should arise. These, as in the case of cir cumcision at Antioch, were naturally referred to the assembled elders of the Church, and hence arose the earliest Church Council for a type of all that have succeeded it during the past nine- teen centuries. The preacher, in explaining the significance of this event, showed first why the disciples at Antioch appealed to Jerusalem; secondly, whence the apostles and elders derived their authority to arbitrate as they did on ques tions of faith ; and thirdly, the ground of the pre-eminence assumed by Peter. Jerusalem had been the cradle of Church, the Apostles had been ordained of Christ and inspired by the Holy Ghost. Moreover, Peter had received a special commission from Christ. Fram the example of this first Council it was deduced that a supreme power is required in the Church to expound the Scriptures ; and to give laws to its disciples that the priests of the future hierarchy are repre sentatives of the original presbyters ; and that spirit which descended at Pentecost has been transmitted through the apostles to the succeed ing heads of the Church. The preacher next cautioned his hearers against false interpretations which had been placed on the means by which the Church Councils had enforced their decrees. He had lately seen in a local German paper an extract from the Allgemeine Zeitung professing to contain the theses to be adopted by the (Ecu menical Council now sitting at Rome. Each concluded with an er sei verfluch , which Protes tant readers would interpret into " Let him be accursed." The words were not intended to bear such a meaning, but to represent the original Greek anathema. It implied only excommunica tion and excision from the Church. No Council arrogated greater power than that. It did not profess to damn heretics, but only their heresies. It declared certain errors to be damnable in themselves, but did not presume to pronounce on the future fate of any human soul. The rev. father having thus defined the functions of the Church Council, traced its history through the Papal age to the present day. During the first four centuries, when the Church lived under the oppression of heathenism and beset with false religions, Councils had necessarily been frequent. The appearance of each new heresy had gene rally to be followed by a Council, that the faith of the Church might be vindicated and distin guished. They had been attended by all nations within the Catholic world, one of them which was held during the 12th century having congregated over a thousand bishops more than are now in Rome. IWe must here draw attention to a slight error on the part of our contemporary. Father Hinterocker did not say that there were a thousand more bishops, but that in the second Council of Lateran, held during the 12th century, there were present 1 ,044 bishops, and therefore more than the present Council, which consists only of 726. The preacher went on to explain the special objects of the existing Council and to justify its designs. He warmly resented the comments of the Protestant Press, characterizing them as unmitigated lies. He asserted that free dom of discussion pre vailed, J and that the opposi tion formed a small and very insignificant minority. For his own part he did not read and would never think of such believing such journals as the Allgemeine Zeitung, La France , and the Times. They were vcrschworen on everything connected with the Council. They had in parti cular misrepresented the dogma of Papal infalli bility, which did not imply that the Pope was superior to human error. It had no reference to private judgment or conduct, but only asserted that, as Pope, he could not in the name of the Church promulgate false doctrine. In this sense the dogma had been accepted by previons Councils, and it was no new pretension. As for the Syllabus, it did not arrogate plenary autho rity. It was simply a series of canons, delivered ex cathedra by His Holiness, and voluntarily adopted by. all branches of the Church. The reverend father concluded , a very earnest and forcible discourse by predicting that the delibera tions of the Council would shed light on the spiritual darkness of the world, and that the op position it had encountered would only operate as opposition had ever done in the history of the Church, for the promotion of its success. The W eatheb .—The inhabitants of Mount Gambier have bidden farewell to summer weather. The temperature for the last fort night has been very low, and a fair share of rain has fallen, so that verdure is springing up luxuriantly. The total rainfall for the month up to the 21st instant was 3930 inches. — Mount Gambier Standard. Wbeck. — A large piece of wreck about thirty feet in length has drifted into Portland Bay, and been dragged up by the boatmen, and is now lying on the beach on the south side near the old jetty. The wreck is the monkey deck, supposed to be of the sugar ship Flying Cloud, that recently went to pieces near Cape Northumberland. There is no name to indicate that the wreck is part of the Flying Cloud, but the set of the current and the: state of the weather for some days past render the surmise probable. The width tapers from twenty-one to twelve feet, and has two white skylights with blue borders. — Ibid. Education. — The Border Watch of April 23rd, in an article on the education question, says : — . " Our education system has had a fair trial, and it has been found wanting. If it ever was adapted to our case, we have now outgrown its capabilities, and it must he remodelled to suit present requirements. Of course, it is much easier to pick out the faults and shortcomings of a system than it is to substitute a new one. But in some respects it will be no very difficult matter to improve the present educational system. It has some very glaring defects, and these at all events will be easy enough to remedy. For instance, we would have the schoolmasters classified, and to a certain extent paid by results. At the present time, qualified and unqualified masters are all on the same footing— the only requisite necessary to secure a license being a school roll numbering not less than 40 scholars. No trouble is taken by the Government to ascertain whether the schoolmaster is fitted for his work or the reverse. If he can only get the residents of the district he proposes to open a school in to sign a recommendation in his favor, and get together the minimum number of scholars, his license is issued as a matter of course. This provision has been and ever will be abused. So long as the Government pay the principal cost of education, so long do we think it ought to take upon itself the duty to see that properly qualified men fill the position of schoolmasters. The schoolmaster should pass his examination before a competent Board before he assumes his functions, and - until it is provided that he shall do so the colony will always be liable to gross impositions ; and we -will ever have men filling one of the most important functions in the State who are far more fitted to be pupils than masters. Again, our system recognises and rewards the man who trains up his quota of 40 scholars in all the elements of a good sound commercial education just as liberally, and no more, as it does the man who does not and cannot do so. This, of course, has a most injurious effect on education. We should like to see the efficient and diligent teacher re warded over and above the drone. And in order that we might work into a superior staff of teachers our system ought to embrace a training or normal school. This must be an essential feature in an improved system, and in no other way will such uniform and satis factory results be obtained." The Late Omnibus Accident. — With reference to the notice which appears in our columns with regard to this accident, we are requested to mention that the information is required, not so much with the view of punishing the driver who was the cause of the accident, as for the purpose of procuring some compensation for the widow of William O'Donnell. It . is hoped, therefore, that all who can will render their assistance in pro moting this desirable object. Waxwobks.— We gladly avail ourselves of this opportunity to thank, in the name of the Catholics of this city, the proprietor of Campbell's Waxworks, who, on Wednesday afternoon, kindly permitted our orphan chil dren to see the figures free of charge, and gave them a bun each in addition. We hope the exhibition will be patronised as exten sively as it deserves during the remainder of the proprietor's sojourn in Adelaide. The Fab Nobth. — We are glad to learn that the Far North has at last been visited with magnificent rains, which will be the saving of the flocks that the long drought has spared. At Aroona the rains commenced on Wednesday, the 20th, at 11 o'clock a.m., and continued till Thursday, at 4 p.m. They com menced again at sundown the same day, and continued till 10 p.m. At 12 a.m. on Friday they again began, and continued up till Satur day at 7 p.m., when the mail left. The rains hav# been steady and copious, and will afford any amount of feed during the lambing season. Another letter from Wilpena, dated 25th, says the rain there began on the Wed nesday previous at sunrise, and continued, with slight intermissions, until Saturday evening. The rains were not heavy, but con tinuous and soaking, all getting into the ground instead of running off it. It is believed that the rains extend over the whole of the Far North, and it is known that they have been experienced all over the Wilpena run. The quantity registered at the head station is 3840 inches. Last week, the letter says, the country was dry and barren, this week it is green and fruitful. Such copious rains at the present season will be an incalcu lable blessing to the sheepfarmers in the Far North. From the Blinman and Angorichina we have equally cheering accounts ; at the latter nlace ub to Sundav last three and a half inches had fallen.— Express Serious Accident. — On Wednesday morning a serious accident happened to a little boy, the son of Mr. J. A. Muller, of Bundle-street. The child was crossing the road when he was run oyer by one of the Norwood busses, the wheel passing over its head before the driver could check his horses. On Wednesday it was reported that the child was dead, but this was afterwards contra dicted, and we are glad to hear that he is now in a fair way of recovery. The Victorian Land Act. — The Sur veyor-General has returned from Victoria, and an elaborate report is published in the daily papers on the working of the New Land Act in that colony. Coroner's Inquests. — Two inquests took place on Tuesday, April 26th — one at the Adelaide Hospital on George Weekly, who was killed by a stone falling on him while digging the foundations of a house near Manning, and the other on the body of J ames Addison, landlord of the Southern Cross Hotel, who was found dead in his bed on Tuesday morning. West Adelaide Bepresentatives.— On Wednesday evening, April 27th, a compli mentary dinner was given to the newly- elected members for West Adelaide, at the Union Inn, Waymouth- street. Floods in Hew South Wales. — The following notice was posted outside the Telegraph Office on Thursday morning : — " Sydney lines carried away by flood beyond Wagga Wagga. All communication inter rupted." Queensland Sugar. — The adaptability of the soil and climate of the Northern portion of the Australian continent for the growth of sugar is proved by the very excel lent sample of brown sugar now on view at the Exchange, which was grown by Mr. Dixon on the Albert Biver, in the Carpen taria country. It was produced from Bourbon canes, the yield being a ton and a half to the acre, besides 600 gallons of molasses. We imagine tliis will exercise an important influ ence on the settlement and future prosperity of the northern Territory. The Northern Territory. — The Gul- nare sailed for the northern Territory early on Friday morning. The balloting for priority in selecting town lots will take place on Tuesday, the 10th May, and country lots on the following day at the Crown Lands Office. The following are the regulations which have been made in the Executive Council re specting the allotment of land in the northern Territory 1\. The drawing lots to determine the priority of choice in the selection of the town allot ments will take place in Adelaide on the 10th day of May, 1870, at 11 a.m., and for priority of choice in respect of the country sections on the 11th day of May, 1870, at 11 a.m., at the Government Land Office, in Adelaide, under the supervision of the Commissioner of Crown Lands. 2\. Four persons, elected by the preliminary land-order-holders present at the meeting, will conduct the drawing and check the record- book, acting, in respect to each matter, under, the direction of the Commissioner of Crown Lands. 3\. Tickets, bearing the numbers of the pre liminary land-orders issued, and the words "Adelaide Register" or " London Begister," as the case may be, will be provided. 4\. Tickets in number equal to the number of preliminary land-orders issued, and numbered consecutively from " 1 " upwards to " 1,524," both inclusive, will also be provided. 5\. Two revolving boxes will be provided, in one of which will be placed the tickets bearing the number of the preliminary land- orders and the name of the register, and in the other the tickets numbered consecutively as aforesaid. 6\. There will be a book, in the first column of which will be entered, consecutively, numbers from 1 to 1,524, that being the number of pre liminary land-orders issued. 7\. On the respective days of meeting one of the pereons elected as aforesaid will draw from the box containing the numbers of the prelimi nary land-orders one of the tickets, and another of the persons will then forthwith draw from the other box one of the numbered tickets ; and the number on the last-mentioned ticket will be the order of choice in respect of the preliminary land-order indicated by the ticket fir3t drawn. And the number of such preliminary land-order will be entered in the second coulumn of the book, against the number of the ticket so drawn aforesaid ; and so on until all the 1,524 tickets are drawn from the box, and are entered against the 1,524 consecutive numbers. 8\. Two of the persons elected as aforesaid will supervise the record clerk in making the entries the ticket as drawn from the box. 9\. This book will be signed by the Commis sioner of Crown Lands, the record clerk, and the two persons elected as aforesaid, and supervising the entries in the said book, and such book will be the official record. 10\. A duplicate of such book will be made and certified by the Commisssoners of Crown Lands and the record clerk, and will guide the Govern ment Resident and the preliminary land-order holders, or their agents, at the meeting to be held at the Northern Territory to select the land. 11\. The proceeding to determine the priority of selection of the country sections will be con ducted in the same plan as in the case of town allotments, but not less than twenty-four hours before the drawing of lots the bona fide owner of more than one preliminary laad-order may, by himself or his authorised agent, declare, in writing, the number of the preliminary land- orders which he wishes placed on one ticket, and in such case the ticket shall be prepared accord- ingly, and the choice in respect of such prelimi nary land -orders shall be exercised at one and the same time, and the lands to be se'ected shall form one block of contiguous sections. And a block shall bt deemed to consist of contiguous sections, although such block may be intersected by a road or roads, or river or creek, such river or creek not being navigable. 12\. In the absence of any communication, the order of choice will be determined separately upon each preliminary land-order. 13\. On the arrival of the Resident at the Northern Territory the plans of the township and lands will be exhibited, and within seven days after the arrival of the vessel bearing in structions from the Commissioner of Crown Lands for the selection to take place, the Resi dent will give notice of a day, not less than four teen nor more than twenty-eight days after the date of such notice, on which the selection of the town lands shall take place, and similar notice of a day not less than twenty-eight days nor more than forty-two days after the date fixed for the selection of the town lots, on which the selection of country lands shall take place, and such selections shall be made under the superintendence of the Resident. 14\. Should any land-order holder or his agent not respond on the number of any preliminary land-order being called in its due course by the Resident, or should such preliminary land-order holder or his agent refuse or neglect to make his selection in respect of such order forthwith, such order shall stand over until all the other preliminary land-orders have been called on, and the holders of such preliminary land-orders may then select from any lands open for selection in the order in which they may apply, but will not have any preference over the land-orders. 16\. The selection of lands under land-orders may be made from any surveyed lands open for selection after the expiration of 14 days from the date of the first selection under preliminary land-orders, and in the order in which application is made for the same, and any dispute as to simultaneous application will be decided by lot. Sir James Fergusson. — Information has been received by the Attorney-General of His Excellency's arrival in Melbourne, and of his intention to sail for Adelaide on Tues day next. Wheat. — It is estimated that there is from £15,000 to £20,000 worth of wheat at present stored at Port MacDonnell. We are in formed also that even to within a week of the present time some of the farmers had wheat out in the field, simply covered up with straw. Ship Mails. — General Post-Office, Ade laide, Friday, April 29, 1870. — Mails will be dispatched as under: — For Victoria, Hew South Wales, Queensland, Tasmania, and Hew Zealand, by the Coorong, steamer, to Melbourne, on Tuesday, May 3, at 1.30 p.m. Money orders, per steamer, as above, at 1 p.m. ; for California, South Pacific, &c.-;, per steamer, as above, at 12.30 p.m. ; for Queens land, by the Bestless, to Bockhampton, on Saturday, April 30, at 9.30 a.m. Note.— Hewspapers for any of the above must be posted one hour before the time named for closing the mail. Secular Education. — Want of space com pels us to hold over our article on the results of the secular system till next week. Telegrams. — The following telegrams were posted at the Exchange on Friday: — 11.30 a.m. Communication with Sydney partially re-established by means of boats. — 12.5 p.m. Kangaroo, steamer, about six miles from Port Augusta. Our Lady of Dolors, Mitcham.— We beg to draw our readers attention to a notice which appears in our advertising columns of the opening of this Church, which has been most appropritely fixed for Sunday next, being the 1st of May, the month which in every part of the Catholic world is especially devoted to the honor and veneration of the Blessed Virgin Mary. We hope there will be a good attendance, and that the contribu tions will be a worthy testimony of the zeal ous devotion of the Catholics of Adelaide to the Holy Mother of God, under the title of Our Lady of Dolors. The Month or Mary. — The usual devo tions for the month of May will be commenced on Sunday evening next, in all the churches of the diocese where there is a resident priest. Hew School. — We are requested to draw attention to a notice which appears in our advertising columns of a school to be opened in Flinders- street by Mr. M. L. O'Dea. As this gentleman is already favorably known to many of our readers as a thoroughly compe tent and efficient teacher, we have no doubt that the fact of Mr. O'Dea's having reopened his school will only require to be known to ensure him an adequate share of support. 