NEWS OF THE WEEK Mr. G. Wilcox is about to establish a new soap factory at Gawler. The article is to be made by the improved steam process. The Upper Wakefield was flooded by the thunderstorm on Tuesday last, and traffic over the different fords completely stopped. The Northern, mailman could not cross the Broughton, on his way northward on Tues day evening, owing to the river's swollen state, and he was detained on the south side till Wednesday morning. There has been more rain in many places in the Noith than is required. In the hills the crops in not a few spots are perishing from excessive moisture, but in the plains, the only fault to be found with them is that they are, if anything, rather too rank. The country journals have numerous paragraphs respecting flooded creeks, inundated fields, reads made impassable, and fencing and crops damaged by the late rains, and especially by the thunderstorms of Tuesday last. No doubt, however, taking the oolony through, the downpour did more good than harm. We understand that the Government are about bringing in a Bill to define the duties of the several Judges of the Supreme Court. It is to be hoped they will do so without delay, as the present state of affairs is neither profitable to the colony aor creditable to the Bench. The settlers in the Apslay and Narra ceorte district, according to the Border Watch, have, in consequence of the rain interfering with the late Apsley Exhibition, resolved to have a Show of ewes only, on the South Austra lian boundary, on the Tallegara Run, open to both colonies, on the 3rd October. The Murray during the last few days has been immensely swollen at Wellington, and the crossing is quite impracticable for stock, the water being some feet deep over the approaches. A mob of horses is now waiting on the eastern side of the river unable to cross. The road from East Wellington to the Stone Wells, on Lake Albert, is all under water. On Thursday the heavy rains caused a sudden rush of water down some of the gullies about Morphett Vale, inundating the flats to a considerable extent and damaging some of the gardens. The creek crossing the road at the Emu Hotel was very high, and, overflowing its banks, made a wide and rapid stream through' the sections towards the sea. ' On Thursday night, September 8, about 12 o'clock, a man named Thomas Pain was admitted to the Hospital, suffering from a simple fracture of the right thigh. It appears that he was driving a load of hay near the Junction, on the Mount Barker-road, when he slipped, and one of the wheels passed over his leg. He is now progressing favorably. We are sorry to mention that on Fri day afternoon Dr. Patterson met with an acci dent. He had gone into the stable to see his horse, and was stooping down when the animal kicked out and struck him on the left jaw, in flicting a severe gash, and bruising that part of the face. On returning to his house he was attended to, and we were glad to learn that he was getting on nicely. On Thursday the heavy rains of the previous day and night had so flooded Jacob's Creek, that the mail coach was delayed several hours. The driver found it impossible to cross uniil half-past 2 p.m. Several other persons on both sides the creek were also delayed ; some returned to Tanunda, and proceeded by way of Greenock and Sheaoak Log. — Gawler Times, As the impression exists that the only attack South Australia has to fear is that of a privateer, should England be involved in the war, we may remind our readers that at the Conference held at Paris in 1856 the great Powers of Europe agreed to the following reso lution :— 'Thatprivateeringshouldbeabolished, that neutral flags should cover the enemy's goods, and that neutral goods should be exempt from capture under the enemy's flag, contraband of war excepted.' Travellers on the South-road will now miss an old familiar face. Andrew Bryan, better known as Andy, for many years in the employ of Mr. Rounsevell and his successors in the mail coaching business, died suddenly at his house at Willunga on Thursday morning, Sep tember 8. A little after half -past 5 o'clock he sent a boy to get the horses out for the Ade laide coach, and was in the act of putting on his coat in order to follow him, when he dropped down, and expired instantly without uttering a word. He had been since he rose up to this time in apparently excellent health and spirits, and the suddenness of the event sur prised and shocked his friends. Andy was very much liked on the South-road. He was a real coachman of the good old stamp, and his genial manner, genuine Irish humor, and unvarying civility, made him a universal favorite. On Saturday, September 3, a match was played at Noarlunga between the Maclaren Flat and Brighton Cricket Clubs, which re sulted in a victory for the latter by 16 runs, they making 86 in two innings, and their op ponents 70. The highest scorers were O. Elliot and F. 'Vickery for Maclaren Flat, and ft. Chinner and R. Edwards for Brighton, the scores being 17, 10, 12, and 10 respectively. We subjoin the scores : — Maclaben Flat. First Innings. Second Innings. F. Vickery, c. Mattingly 10 c. Yates ... 1 R. Elliot, c. Chinner ... 1 b. Mattingly 1 S. Strout, b. J. Edwards 2 b. Mattingly 1 T. Strout, b. J. Edwards 0 b. V. Brown 10 A. Budd, b. Mattingly... 9 b. Mattingly 1 H. Elliot, b. Mattingly... 0 c. Chinner ... 2 G. Jackson, c. Brown ... 1 b. Mattingly 0 0\. Elliot, not out ? 3 b. Mattingly 17 J. Warner, run out ... 1 b. Mattingly 1 C. Jackson, c, Chinner... 1 b. V. Brown 1 C. Manning, b. J. Edwards 1 not out ? 5 Byes ? 1 Byes ? 0 Total ? 30 Total ? 40 BRIGHTON. First Innings. Second Innings. G. T. P00L b. T. Strout 1 b. Vickery ... 3 R. Edwards, b. Vickery 10 b. Vickery .. 0 J. Edwards, b. T. Strout 8 b. Vickery ... 6 W. Mattingly, run out... 1 c. S. Strout... 1 V. Brown, b. T. Strout... 0 runout ... 1 G. Chinner, c, C. Elliot.. 3 b. Vickery ... 12 J. Eckersley, c. Warner.. 2 b. Vickery ... 3 J. Highet, Lb.w. ... 1 run out ... 2 H. Edwards, Lb.w. ... 1 b. R. Elliot ... 0 W. Edwards, not out ... 7 b. Vickery ... 0 J. Yates, c. C. Elliot ... 0 not out ... 5 Byes, &c.; ? 6 Byes, &c; ... 13 Total ? 40 Tetal ? 46 His Excellency the Governor enter tained the members of the Legislative Council and some other gentlemen at dinner on Thurs day; and afterwards a very large party of ladies and gentlemen assembled on the invita tion of Lady Edith Fergusson, a most delight ful evening being spent. On. Wednesday, at midnight, the beauty of a lunar rainbow attracted the attention of those who were fortunate enough to be wit nesses of the rapid and clear development of the various colors. It continued for a very short period, and as the squall passed away faded from view. Mr. James Bulk, son of Mr. W. C. Buik, of Rundle-street, returned to the colony by the Coonatto after a visit to America, Scot land, and England, to which countries he has been for purposes of business and pleasure. He returns now to enter into business with his father. Mr. E. B. Heyne informs us that he has received from the Manager of the Horti cultural Society's Gardens, near Melbourne, a large collection of scions of correctly-named fruit trees, many of which, are new to the colony, which he will be happy to distribute in exchange for plants or scions likely to be of service to the Society to parties applying for them personally. The Post-Office authorities request us to mention-that several letters brought on from Melbourne by the steamer on Thursday are in jured by a sort of oil that smells like kerosine. We presume this has been caused by some acci dent. Our readers, then, who may receive their letters rather highly scented, will understand that the perfume was obtained before they reached the General Post- Office. Mr. Woodman, of Sundle-street, has just imported one of Pleyel, Wolff, & Co.'s grand pianofortes. The quality of tone of this instrument is most brilliant, its workmanship is admirable, and it appears to comprise all the latest mechmical improvements. The case ia made of walnut-wood, and even as a piece of furniture it would be superb. It has only re cently been unpacked, and is in splendid order. Pianofortes such as this are rare indeed in Ade laide, and a trial of it would well repay a visit to Mr. Woodman's establishment. Our Mauritius correspondent, writing on the 30th July, furnishes us with the follow ing information relative to the diamond dis coveries in the Cape colony : — ' It seems that diamond discoveries on the Cape frontier have become more frequent, and a great deal of ex citement exists all over the colony referred to on the subject. People are leaving all the towns in the colony en route for the Vaal, which is the name ef the place where the dia monds have been found. Some of the most for tunate diggers have been a party of Australian miners, who arrived at Natal, and were there unsuccessful in their search for gold. The aggregate value ef the diamonds found had reached £100,000 at the beginning of June last.' Our neighborhood has been thrown this week into some concern at the sudden disap pearance of a poor fellow, a Gawler operative, on Tuesday, who was seized with a fit at the railway station on that day, and was subse quently missing. The police have, we under stand, been very diligent in their search for the man, and the drags have been set to work in the deep waterholes of the rivers, a locality in which we are glad to say the unfortunate wanderer was not likely to be found, as he was more fortunately met with yesterday by Mr. George Wilcox, of Gawler, when returning from Pewsey Vale. The man was sitting solitary by the roadside near Sandy Creek, and appearrd to have only just recovered from a fit, being unable to give a satisfactory account of himself. Mr. Wilcox very humanely made arrangements for getting the helpless wanderer into Crawler, forwarding his conveyance to Sergeant Woodcock for the purpose of fetching him into the town, where he is under the care of the police. Such a case of human infirmity certainly has a claim upon Government help and protection, which it is to be hoped will be at onoe extended to the unfor tunate rambler. — Bunyip. On Tuesday evening last, about 5 o'clock, the neighborhood of Castlerange, near Port Elliot, was visited by one of the most severe hailstorms ever witnessed here. The storm's full force was felt for about half an hour, during which time it was quite terrific. In size the hailstones ranged from three-quarters of an inch to an inch in diameter. To give some idea of the rate at which they fell, I may mention that in this single half-hour the ground was covered to a depth of three inches, and where they drifted, fully half a foot. It will readily De lmagmeu Tsnau a storm 01 tais severity would do some damage, and so it did. The windows in some houses were almost smashed to pieces, the glass sot being merely broken, but shattered in a most singular manner, and sent across the room to the opposite wall. Even date roofs appeared to be in danger, splint- - being forced from some of the slates. Vegetaules were completely cut to pieces, young branches of the trees were stripped off to an extent tbat quite carpeted the ground where they lay, and the trees themselves have now quite a denuded appearance. The crops, too, were laid as flat as if just rolle 1, and altogether there are very visible signs of the effects of a devastating Btorai. The annual festival of the United An cient Order of -Druids will-fee -celebrated -on November 9, at the Exhibition Buildings., ? At tte Supreme Court on Tuesday, a role wist wa&^bti^eTIjEditeifaside the^writ and declaration ihine -iase of the NbrtbT Australian Company v. Blaekmot*. ' '-' Ateiegraia' bias been received ;in' Ade laide stating, that one of the bushrangers iwho stuck :up travellers at Tarpeena, in South-East, is in the hands of the police, and that it is ex pected the other will be in custody very shortly. ^ . We have to acknowledge the receipt of the South Australian Independent for Septem ber, which contains a large amount of informa tion, interestingparticulirly to thedenomination in connection with which the TnngamTia is pub lished. ??'???..'' _ ' A new: industry has lately sprung up in Hobart Sown. . The larger sorts of fish, in cluding the king fish, are now being: preserved in a manner similar to that adopted with the tinned!: salmon exported from Bhigland and. America. . . The encouraging news from the German Ueef , Blumberg, on Monday, had a marked effect upon the value of the property, one of the shares being sold for £70. The mine is held in 120 shares, so that at that price it would be werth between £8,000 and £9,000. We understand that more than one member of the Legislature has relinquished, or is intending to throw np bis Government con tract, in consequence of the proclamation' of the Queen's assent to the Bill for preventing Government contractors from 'sitting in Far lament. ' ' * ' . ' .? H.M.S.S. Blanche and the schooner Daphne have visited the Auckland Islands in search of the survivors 'of the missing ship Matoaka, bound from Lyttelton to . London, but succeeded in finding no traces of the lost vessel or the boat's crew of ihe Daphne. It is suggested that the South . Georgia islands should now be visited and examined. '?' ? A curious case was tried lately in New castle, New South Wales. : A storekeeper was sued for -55s., the alleged extent ef damage: done to the coat of a customer by a hail outside the defendant's shep, used .to hang goods xipon. Judgment was given for 20s. and sosts. . ????*?? On Saturday evening, His Excellency Sir Jas. Fergusson entertained at dinner the explorers from Western Australia, and a number of South Australian explorers, both an cient and modern, were invited on the occasion, Mr. Barlee, the Chief Secretary of Western Australia, was also present. : - Some paper, made in Scotland from New Zealand fax, is said to be strong and well adapted for printing Tiank-notes on, or for other purposes where durability is a consideration. The color is not first-rate,, but it is sufficiently good1 to warrant the belief that flax will ere long be largely used for paper-making pur poses. '..'? We notice that our contemporary has copied from the Argux of August 30th a tele gram stating that 7,500 French prisoners were captured by the Prussiansl -t Weissenbourg. This was an error;, the number rwas 500,,.as originally telegraphed.-; On Ihe 31st, the Argus corrected^ the mistake, which appears to lave, occurred in Ceylon. , ?, ? A Band of Hope meeting was. held on Tuesday evening last, in the schoolroom, 'at the rear of the Methodist New 'Connexion Church, Franklin-street. Recitations and speeches were; given by members of the Band. The . General Havelock Lifeboat Crew also gave' some interesting speeches. Several names were, added to the pledgebook at the close. The half-yearly meeting of the South Australian^ Coal Company was held at White's Arbitration Boom, on Monday, September 5. Mr. A. S. Clark occupied, the chair. There were not* sufficient persons present to proceed with business, further than declaring a divi dend' of 8 per cent., and the meeting was ad journed for. a week. '' ' . ' We understand that His Excellency has consented to become patron of theBnfield Rifle Club. On Saturday last the Club held their first meeting for practice, and the dis tances fired from were 200, 400,. and €00 yards,, with seven shots at each distance. There were 14 members present, and very good scores Were made; Captain Scott and Mr. G. Stubbles were the ?? highest scorers, making 68 and 65 points respectively. . : . : The Creeloiig Advertiser records a some what, remarkable circumstance which occurred, in the mine of Latham & Watson, at Ironbark, Sandhurst, that has puzzled, all the local philo sophers. When the shaft was down 200 feet the water was not bad. On* further sinking it became very brackish and unfit fof~drinking,but at a depth of about 650 feet the water, although no alteration of strata had taken place, was so pure that the miners drank it. ' A Queensland paper states with satis faction that the Polynesian laborers ^f that colony are becoming civilised, the outward; visible sign being that 'they get drunk and fight In the streets like civilised men.' Con sequently, when they appeared at the Police Court for being drunk and -disorderly, they ' were treated as other civilised beings.' We are informed -by a gentleman re cently returned from Melbourne that Richard Turner, who pursued a notorious career in this colony, died in the Melbourne Hospital, on Mon day, August 29. He was admitted to the Hospital under an alias, as a patient suffering from heart disease, and before his death sent for a -gentleman who knew him in early life, and revealed nimeelf to him. The onlypro perty-he left^was a loaded revolver, which-wa» found Bjider 'bispiilowl ~- '? - '?? :??...-. On Tuesday morning, a rather serious accident happened to Mr. Henry Dpineyer. He had been out on horseback after several horses that had been let put daring the night by some person, and was bringing them back, _ when just opposite the J^eemasons' , Tavern. Pirie-Btreet, his horse slipped, and fell over on bis left leg, breaking it in two places. He was conveyed to his home at the Young Queeu Inn, where Dr. Davies attended to his in jaries, and although much shaken by his fall, Ihe patient is now getting on as well as could be expected. The first meeting of the season of the Glenelg Cricket Club was held at the Lecture Hall, Glenelg, on Saturday evening last. The report .read by the Secretary showed a very satisfactory state of the finances, there being a considerable balance to credit. Officers for the current year were then elected as follows : — ' President, 'Hon. H. B. T. Strangways (if willing to accepj'!the office); ?^ce- President, Mr. F. Caterer;' Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. M Scrymgonr, re- elected'; Committee, Messrs Chapman,' Reason,' and Ralph. Mr. A. S. Chapman occupied the chair. . In the Assembly on Wednesday Mr. Bright asked the Commissioner of Public Works if he had received any communica tion from the Engineer-inrOhief, and if he would state the substance of it The jCom missioner said it would be unjust to Mr. Mais to state the substance of bis communica tion, which was made under a misapprehension. He woi-ld say, ' however, that the rumor that Mr. Mais had resigned his position was without foundation. ^- In consequence of the resignation of. Mr. T. Mjchelmore for East Ward, Port Ade-~ laide Corporation, a vacancy has occurred in the Council* and on Wednesday, at noon, the! undermentioned gentlemen were nominated — the election to take place-on 14th September ;— James Mitchell, proposed by J..M. Sinclair; secocded^.by J. E. Dempster. Charles Hains, proposed by'.J. Applfiby; seconded by Moss Barnefc; . ; ' . On, the 29th August, Messrs. L. L. Elliott and J. W. Manfield left Norwood at 3.30 a.m. for a walk to Xapnnda, and reaohed Bagot's Gap at 6.45 p.«Asg file aUne day. 3h*a hours of this time was_sp©nt in ^teppagesLior dinner, refreshments, &c.; ; besides which, about six miles^=waSQaddedTto I the 'distauctein. eottss^ quenceof losing- thejiroad,. so, sriakihge total -)f about 54 miles, jp 13* hours, being an average of a nttte.over four miles per hour. 'Both were rathe Heiyiiy freighted with ^great 'coats, &c; ' ? . On Monday morning an accident hap pened to a jnan .named Michael-Cairn as lie was .engaged carting sand from a cutting near the Light Bridge.- An embankment which was becoming undermined gave way, and about three tons of earth' fell upon his .left leg, break ing it in ,twq places. ., He' was quickly released and taken to Ur. Brack, of Kapunda, where the limb, was bandaged and the poor fellow was* forwarded to Adelaide. On arriving in town he was- conveyed to the Hospital, and it was found that the foot and Ankle of the left -leg were so much crushed as to render amputa tioh necessary. The limb was accordingly taken off: by Dr. Phillips, and Cairn is nowprogressing favorably. : : ;? At the commencement of last month, a: man named- John Lan'aber died in New South Wales, .from a ~*wound*' inflicted; by his own: hand. Shortly before his, death, addressing «,? friend, he said—' I have done wrong, Bill, ft know I &ave; done very 5 wrong ;'but I have a . spirit in me, andl wish Jto deyelonit— to'see in ; its human form. - {'therefore thought if I ; stabbed it; I should be 'able to seeit.; Itdidf; not appear at the firpt stab, so 1 gave a second in the same place, but far deeper.', .No doubt ( the man was a'lunatic. . -; -'??--'__- ? ^ v' . Messrs.- MjAhersj & EoVbie: of Pleasant Creek, 'Victoria, have aHewIy-inventedmacTiine' for cleaning 1 (corn ^recjredon^ th^ir prenusgSi \ The .iTeics says that it 'coHsi^tsjofa^atent ad justing screen and a small fan, fixed so that the . blast'catches the grain whilst fajling-rrcpi the hopper' into l, the screen,' and removes tiny dust,' chaf^: or li^ht .substances amongst; it/- which wonldfothefwiseh&.y^ to b&ifcaken;*-ut by nieftps : of a .winnpwing-machmeTor ^blower.1 It will thus.' be unllers'tooa to jbe' of great advantage, In asmuch' ^s [the tiine and labor of .passing the' gram 'through |the winnowing-machine will he! .«nioreiy:savea.' . ?? ?? ? ? ? ??.?? ; * ?'?' We have been favored with the follow ing extracts froin letters from the Rivers Dar-; ling-andjMurray zj— ' WentwortK, September 5; — -The ^ river having fallen X4 inches is now rising' again, an$ it is expected to reach its former levfel.'!'* ;*' Bourke, '. August 16.— The. river is rising liere at the rate' of about one Inch' in 24 hours.' A fearful' accident happened heraf onboard .the ateamer Pjincees Eoyal .through the machinery being unprotected. On Sunday mornjng, as the vessel was startmg down £he river, the engine-driver got his left leg so fear fully sniashed in one of the cog-wheels of the engine iihlathb -inly livedisixteen- hours. His name -jsrHenryPilcher, and heias forla long time Jbeen the driyer of the Queen.' ./ . It was ^repprted^ intown on Wednesday1 morning -i^at- 4ihe ?' body of a 'woman; with, ithe bead ; and- arm [cut* off, had been - found; in a bog near Angaston.[ The statements relative c to. the rmatter; were veryr circuinstantial, ' but in answer to a telegram we'sent-tb our An gaston correspondent we received a message to the effect that a skull and -a.fewiwnes; supposed t6 be aboriginal; have been found in the b^iks of a creek. The., police have received a similar reply to their enquiries' 'on. ihe subject.' ' J -; .' . ': The usual weekly meeting of the Clare and WaUaroolTram way Committee was^held on Monday evening. Several cbpios of the memo rial, expensively rsrgried in some instances', and in others hot so' extenaively, .were handedan, and .it_Wjas deterjin^nfid -that .an active, and I energetic person should, in each township on the Peninsula, obtain 'as. -many signatures as possible, prior to ~the meeting of the Committee ' on Monday evening : nfext, after which' the- ihe^ morialwill he forirardeS. to town for'presenta^ 1n.oa.-^WaJUaroo Times. '? | .:,..-.. '?: : .:. On Tuesday afternoon a heavy hail storm bunt over Qlenejg and Brighton, Glenelg receiving the full fury of, it. Ahout 5 .o'clock hailstones, the size' of pigeon' *ggs, and .even, larger, fell at the Bay/ and ~ broke' many' windows, includingfthoseof the C6ngregational ChapeL The atones were in many cases' sharp and . angular,- : and diil- considerable ; damage., to the fields and gardens over .which the storm passed., v In several places the growing crops were beaten dowi£ and' 'injured-1: In the leaves of aficnk at' Glenelg were' holes thatfjaman could put two ifingerfi throughv - At first the. hailstones^ fell tw»pr three -at a time, but the storm soon cimein its,full force, andlasted for. a briet ^period. It was ieard in the diBtance some' time 'before it reached the' fashionable watering place. J - '' ?' *?'??''' ' ; ' /'?' 'r:/1 ' TheNor'wobd Cricket .Club played the'ir opening game for the season on Saturday after noon,' September 3; on the North Park Lands: The weather was exceedingly favorable, and the' players jentered into'' the game : * very : spiritedly. :.- Messrs. ,W-,: , Whjtridge ; and E. Sing elected sides shortly before 3 .o'clock,. and both teams haid completed their inpings before sunset The' bowling ? '-'-isU ? rbnhd^Vwas 'very 'fair^ — that of I Wnifridge and ! 'Cole especially good, i The Xi batsVappeared to have sufferfidmoreby; the; recess jthan.th§, bowlers, ? no very. -large scores .being made, the highest .being 11 jand 9,. bv C.' C. 'Gobden tana Q~. 'Gooden respectivelyl*' At the concluBion of ^the game -fhe ' scorerBheet ' showed Mr. Sling's side winners' iy a few:funs.: During the/fifriBrnQon a ^odly number ^f^Dec-i tatprs . .-visited - -jthe ^r,ouiuU ' cMCessr^. j pp^em^ and^pplerkindly ac^ 'as Spires. J ''./, ?' The wife murderer, Cusack, whenunder ; sentence of death, was ia a very desponding afete of mind, and {says the J-aUy~Tel~yiraph) too late repented of his continued brutality towards the wife' who 'fell * victim to his' pas sions. His fear of death is great. He is per fectly resigned to being kept in confinement for the remainder of. his life ; iut therprospeet of being JBuddenlydsent into eternityiB^terrible twhim. He has prepared a petitdofl praying for a -commutation of his : sentence, which Jbas been placed ifi the hands of . His Honor Judge Bariy, to be forwarded to the Executive, The unhappy wretch spends the greater portion of hiB tune ia walking up and down in Ms celU' with, bis eyes fixed upon the floor. Quite differentia the conduct of Supple, convieted of ' the jwilful murder of J. SiiWalshe, and whose case will be . considered :by the FuUOonri when' it meets next month. ? He continues in a state of utter indifference, and says he cares .nought for death. An inquest was held at the Narracporte Hotel, on the 1st' September, before T. Hinckley, Esq., J.P., and a Jory of 15, on the body- of John Jute, found dead' in a swamp near Seymour's Station. .! The evidence went to prove that deceased was in the nabit. of ^hunting for swans' eggs on Sundays j that on the 21st when his mate returned to the camp, deceased was 'missing, but his n^ate, thinking he had gone . to NarracGorte, took' no ; notice. Afterwards some, clothes were pointed out to hi'tn abput 100 ? yards from ' the swamp.' Searched . the ; swamp, and found the body of deceased,' Dr. Gunning, on examining the body, said, in his. opinion, .the. deceased had either been seized' with cramp or had a fit. A verdict was re tnrried in accordance with the evidence. In all probability, barring accidents,, the steamer Omeo, with Messrs. Darwent and Dal wood's telegraph construction party on board, is nosr at Port Darwin. She hada'very fmejpassage to Newcastle, behaving Bplendidly during the run, and arriving there on the 25 th. ultimo, when she took in coals and sailed next day with a fair^itodr'TheTStSckwSre ^ailiight, and the horses had improved in condition. The men were in excellent health, and the fine passage they were making put them in : high ffiritB/ J'; '.-.' ,-; \i'':: i'': ?.'?[?' ' A meeting of the South Australian Cricket Club was held on Tuesday evening, iat the Prince AlfredHotet Mr. W.r AldweU in the chair. The following officers were elected : — Patron, His Excellency Sir Jas. Fergusson/ President, His Honor Mr. Justice Qwynke ; Tice-Pnaident, Mr. F. G. Smith ^ Tnasnrer, ffitiB. difowynne; Secretary, ^kr. r. J. Townsend; Cemmittee^ Messrs. H. Y. Sparks, G. D. Green, R; j. B. Warburton, the Treasurer and Secretary ^jeing^exo^cw members; There Ware nine new members elected, and-several honorary members. : It was resolved that the season should commence on Saturday next, 10th instant.' A vote of thanks to' the Chair man terminated the proceedings. On Tuesday afternoon as. two young men were driving a horse and spring-cart,' belonging to Mr. Bayfield, round the corner of King William- street at the Bank of Aus tralasia^ they ran over a woman, who Was cros sing at the 'time, cutting her a good deal about the face and arm, and injuring one of her ankles. The driver quickly, made himself scarce, leaving his friend,, who was considerably the worse for Jid_ubr, in the trap. The woman was taken away in. a cab .to the Hospital, where she is now' progressing favorably, and several police arriving some ' considerable time afterwards made enquiries as to the pause of the occur rence and th«f names ef the parties concerned. ' :The Pastoral JtRmes states that as two j^rojung . men were riding over Boomanoomana ^Run, , If ew, South ^Wales.T they came upon the 'reinainB of a, inah lying within 'five o'r six ' miles ' froin the road. He did not appear to have died from want, as his ewag contained ?flour, tea,' and sugar, .and on his .person was One , -shillinjg.in money. In [lying dpwn he had taken ijff: 'his 'toots,' and cover»l ' Tiimself ' with :an { Opossum rug. ^ The body is a mere skeleton j : a&'d must -have* lain there 'for months,' probably since summer, and yet he could not have perishea from 'thirst,' as even at 'that time water : would be near. It is surprising that his remains, were' not ;~s6imerr'discovered*; his boots were hunf Ti^'and theribi31y was aconspic'uous ob ject, andyet the statiijn-handa and others must have'repeatedly ^as sad without diecoyering the :remains. ..There were no papers by! which he ;oOHld^fd4iitifisd.^ ' ' ; \'_ . ? ; V The moij^ily meeting of the Horticul turai and JFloricultural Spciety was held at the Norfolk' Arms' on Tuesday Afternoon, September .6. i Riesent— Messrs. 'F. S. ? C:- Driffield i(Ohair-i man), E. P. Sabine,-Tcl. A. Fiveash, \V. Rhodes, Jj. Bowell, J. F. Pascoe, J. T. Gray, R. Ingleby, J. G. HoffmaxvF. W. Lindrum, B. B. Heyne, Dr-Wyldejand W. Hackett (Son. Sec.) The following appointments -were made for the Sep- ' tember Sho^ :—SuD-*06mmitteBtoT?evfee Prize list— -Messrs. Rhodes, Gray, A. Loutit, Fiveash,. and BowelLj Judges of ; .Borujnets-^Mesdamea F. Sanderson, Anderson,, *ndj J. Benson, judges of Mowers— Ttfessrs. Ihgleby, Lane, Lutes', Woods, Copas, Drl' 'Patterson. ' ' ^ifege itablesJ-Messrs. Jos. Cuinow, 'Hunt, andWig jEelL' .? The jprize-list for j the October Show was' revised and passed. Messrs. ; Driffield, Pascde, Ingleby, : Heyna, .JEtpwe $1+ and-. Dr. . Wyjde \were appointed to revise the prize-list Tor the Novem ber Show; A Tiumber of 'very choice seedling geraniums were shown by ^Mr. Ingleby, and various other flowers 'by other jnemlserB.: 1 . / I: A ^horb time jsiri.ee 'two Monnt Gam i»ierifes^-Mr. Bors and Mr. Jas. Cock^arranged for a 'public discussion on the Hse'-bf If ermented wiie at thfe communion ^able- jand the; debate' was^tohave taken place on' Wednesday, the , 3ist Aagpsit, ' .in the O4d/ello,ws' ' J&ill; at Mount '' Gambler. The 'rboni J was crowded, but the arrarigement of the 'basis' upon which : the '.'discussion -should proceed had bpen ^ strangely .. overlooked, . and - - the conse quence was ,that:the disputants could not agree: as to the shape rwh'ich the debate should take.' Mr. Bprsvasserted^ that ne had come prepared to discuss. the. question oil Biblical grounds alone, and Mr. Cock objected to such fa restricted 'platform ?' as that. A mutual arrangement could no^ be made,, and the upshot jwas^that Mr! ,. Cook gaye. his. address as, a lecture, in which he_contended; that the wine, used at the Cpmmuhion table Should be imfermentedl ' 7 ' The .patience ?and industry of the pro prietors, of the German Keef .' have aj; : length been1 rewarded. The Captain' reports having struck the ireef 'which is about5 5 feet -thick.' Last Saturday 12 tons were put through the crusher, and although not a speck of gold- was visible in th§ quartz, the result from a 12 tonk 'was' 24 bza.' 15 dwts. ' Mrl Morgan, the Chairman of the Company, lias snowh us'the handsomest specimen of .gold quartz we have : yet ? seen from the Blumberg. It is thickly studded with^Snefbright gpld, and is ivrell worth preserv- , ^ng as a beautiful specimen. : From the 12 tons crushed on.Saturday, 14 good nuggets, weighing' 3oza.,'were picked out of the crusher, which are also in 'the possession of 'Mr. Morgan. We understand the captain will go on crushing all the. Weak, when it is expected that equally favorable results will be obtained. : K so, then South Australia will take rank amongst the gold-producing coantries. ,-r IJewaJi%s recently been received from New Zealand that the whole of: the .treasure (£13,981) recently stolen froiu the Clyde' Police Statipn hasbeen recovered, with the exception of about £550 and 30 ozs. of inferior gold. A sfaoemaberonamed Kettnie, -an ex^wardsman of the, Queenstown Hospital, was suspected. of the theft, and. in a fit. of intoxication confessed his sh'are in the affair. When arrested ne further stated that; a policeman ' named Malcolm McLennon' concocted the iobbery, found a false key, and 4tept watch while the crime 'was being committedi Bennie then took; the police to ; four different .places, extending over 40 miles, wherV^h'e treasure. . was. /'planted,' and tlife whole1 of it was unearthed' With the before f mentioned exception, '-' 'which the thief said aad been lost. ; - Both men are in; custody. . ? The : Mtlboume , Herald says :— . '''Itisastrangecpuicidencethatjlast week, just as a tome ehip 'was leaving this port' (Mel bournej, 'a man was put 'on board Ii4r by a waterman's1 boat ; -the ' Tnan 'had ; no' '.baggage whatevef,^buthe had iri his pissessidn a large bundle Sofiuptes, which lie ;was very deBirpua of changin.g:£or:jgqid, : The man was very anxioua as to when the ship would clear t'fie^. Heads. -As we kno*v of no rpbbery of VictoriaH bank-notes, : possibly theB& may be some of the'' New Zea- -' land stolen notes %hich the thief is said to hayeilost.?' -:' :-: ??--- -.:-.',v , -. .? A fea^irieBtiDg arid soiree in connection with'theanniversary-of the Alexandra Tent, I. O.K. Female Branch, No. 1, of the Albert bistrict tO;R.i,S.U., Wfere-heldin the Tempe rance HalL North Adelaide,- ; on' Wednesday evening. Considering the iobleoaency of the weather on both occasions, , there was a good attendance, ^ahd at the latter Mr. H. Ji Pudney, D.O.R., presided, afnd opened the proceedings witha few appropriate remarks.; ? The Secre tary, Mr. G, W. Cole, D. S, , .read the report, . which', showed that . there, were 52 members on the roll, ,46, of whom: were gead oh the. Tjo'oks, and a credit balance of £78 183* -':6d»:'- It was ti.hu--- stated that tie sick, pay 3md not exceeded £&. i2$.. l£r. John TiVilliams in an able address .pointed out the influence which a woman, who - w,as herself a total abstainer, possessed over her Jfamily, and tew she -rt- onld bring about 'great reform. -Miss Thome1' expressed the pleasure she felc in finding that the ladies were «n deavpring-,, to extend and forward that mpble work. She showed how. degraoing and degenerating/ was drunkenness, : and how, in spite oFth^strongest oppbBitiob, the -movement was rrapidly -gaining -favor with' the general public. Shebesonght those who were moderate drinker^; tot exercise, ja Jittle self-denial, and identify themselvesTwith the movement, and pointed out the' part l;he ladies had; to take in the jmaiter.1 fyx. Headdey also ma^e an excellent speech. Recitations' were delivered by Misses TurnbulT and Willis, and Messrs: Weiland, T. Knowlejv Miss Jane , Watson was encored in the melody, ^'The, Blue Bells of Scotland';' and Mr,' G. Newman, P. D.C.B..,sang with effect 'The Drunkard's Lament.' ' The usual votes bf thanks' having 'been passed, the proceedings closed with the National Anthem. ph 'Slbnday ; afternoon ' the police re ceiv|ed- information that some man had' stated his .intention to commit suicide. It appears that a person, .'named James Grey, who averred that he was one of the crew of the ill-fated ship Alabama, went into Messrs. ' Main & Geyer's Bhnn. in TTinir William.o+roat anA aairoA tnr some' chloroform, at the same time showing a bottle -which had -previously contained some of that diquid,, and telling Mr. Main that he in- - tended taking it. Acabman named Smith, who ? -!;^T -????; - ' ? ??-- was ' standing fey^ heard this statement made, and at onoe gave information to the first con stable he eaw. Grey was arrested and brought to the station, where he assured Sergeant Kver dell, who was in' charge, that when he pur chased . the poison he had not the sligTitest in tention of poisoning himself . with it, but in haled it so as to kill the pain arising from having some -ef his ribs broken. He also said that the top of one of the fingers on the left hand was nearly off. Sergeant' Everdell sen Grey. to the,Hospital, where he was detained so that his injuries might be attended to. The introduction of steam-pewer. was for a long period an, object of solicitude by the late President . of the Marine Board, who, however, was unable to accomplish his purpose ; but although the present holder of the position has been so short a time in it the steam-engine is introduced to supersede manual labor ..at the . dockyard workshops; and the artificers in the building depart ment of that establishment are engaged, in making the hull of a steam launch for which the machinery is ordered from England. It has been found that the Foreman of Works iu visiting the dredger on the inner bar has ex pended greater part of the time in the journey hither and thither, and to -obviate this the steam launch was proposed ;. but on second con sideration, instead of a craft only suited for that purpose, it was resolved she -should be. equal to 6ther emergencies if required, and conse quent^ the - early ; dimensions were ex-1 tended. The keel; stem, and stern posts are: laid, and sections in position, and from her design she will be, rather .over 20 tons. . There are many occasions when the services performed by the Flinders may be taken up by the launch, which will be fully equal to a trip as far as Troubridge, or indeed to any part of the Gulf, in ordinary weather. The planking is of Huon pine, with American elm timber s— a process' of construction hitherto found to remarkably .strong, and consistent for such a purpose.' The design of the engines is after the plan of the Galatea's launch— twin screws ; and, in order to study economy, the order for ma chinery was forwarded to London, although it has been suggested, to encourage colonial. in- dustry, the engines might have been produced here.' The progress of this steamer'- will be a subject of great interest, seeing that previous attempts have not proved quite successful ; font probably the failures will have afforded Buch information that,, the. craft will turn out as effi cient as possible. . ' It will be remembered that some months ..ago the: discovery of titanic iron or steel in the form of sand on the Western Coast, attracted a good deal of attention. ' The matter has been almost forgotten' by most people, but as the -sand can be obtained in unlimited quantities, Mr. Win. Murray,-C.E., and some gentlemen of capital are determined to endeavor to turn this discovery to profitable account. Mr. Murray a considerable time since found a flux, admirably suited for reducing this ore, and his 'experi ments on a small *cale 'have been remarkably.. successfuL : With one process the ore is turned outjaB a first- class -steel, and can be worked into any form required. We have seen a number of small' chisels of various degrees of 'hardness, manufactured Nm a simple way by hammering, from this steeL The temper of ?some of these tools is excellent ; they will cut iron freely without notching. -- There are some peculiarities in the mode of their manufacture that require study, and probably have at present some secrecy about them. ~ The steel is brought to the temper required without the use of water. ' The ore has a. large proportion of cobalt in it, and this is . the only metal that mingles with the flux used. Enough has, now been done to show the excellent quality of the metal, and it only remains to be proved that the process of reducing the steel can be applied on a large scale. We understand that steel containing a certain proportion of titanium is not liable to rust, and this would be an undoubted advan tage. Mr. Murray has some specimens of petroleum that burn freely, from the same neighborhood as that in which the steel is fpund. The annual soiree of the Tynte-street Mutual Improvement Society was held in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, on Monday evening, September 5— the proceeds being in aid of the Building Fund of the new Baptist Church, which is now drawing towards comple tion. There was a crowded attendance, and the Eev. G. Stonehouse presided. There was an excellent programme, comprising vocal and instrumental music, recitations, and a lecture by the President (Rev. J. L. Parsons) on ' Dis agreeable People.' The lecturer remarked that they would no doubt agree with him that there were such people, and he then proceeded to introduce, a. few of these characters, .bringing firstly before them the oracles-r- individuals who affected universal knowledge, pompously pro nounced their opinions, as if they had a private latch-key to the Temple of Wisdom, selfsatis faction being in every feature, and selfim portance in every movement. They pretended to know the inside and outside of every ihing, and claimed to ba authorities nnnn averxr nnn ceivable subject. The next character dwelt upon was the fidget, by whose presence the house of business, the Council Chamber, the Law Court, the family, and the Church were kept in an incessant worry and . plague ; and he then passed on to refer to the malcontents, and the mass of characters that might be described, amongst which were included the punsters, braggarts, lachrymose, and ihe extra nice people, who made propriety a prude, and mo desty a mincing simperer ; and the extra-candid people, who thought it their duty togive others a bit of their mind, as they called it, on all occasions, whether suitable or otherwise,. The rev. gentleman said, although he had referred to so many-disagreeable people, yet they were Mt the few Among the multitudes who were agreeable. The lecture was exceedingly interest- 1 ing, and was -interspersed with several amusing illustrations. The remainder of the evening wa^ devoted .to music -and recitations, and a debate, ' On the admission of ladies into the gallery of the House of Assembly,' which was very entertaining. The. proceedings closed with the customary thanks and the National Anthem. The first anniversary in connection with the opening of the Bible Christian Chapel, Cook's Plains, was celebrated on Sunday and Monday, September 4th and 5th. On. Sunday forenoon the Rev. Jobn Dingle addressed the audience from i John, iiL, part of 1st verse — 'Behold, what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us, that we should be called the* sons of God.' In this evening J\fr. W. Bil lingham, of Wellington, founded Ms remarks on the 10th verse of the 14 th chapter of the BoOk of Job—' But man dieth and -wasteth away ; yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he?' On. Monday afternoon, at 4 o'clock, tea was provided by the ladies for the strangers and friends. The tea was followed' by a public meeting, ? when the ' chair was taken by A. Cook, Esq., of Wellington. The Chair man, in his opening' speech, spoke ably on the excellence of true religion, and he closed by saying bowever sanctimonious a person may ap pear, if he does not love his neighbor God will have- nothing to do with him. - The Secretary (Mr. William Hamlyn) read the report with effect. There was asmalldebtstiHonthechapel,' and to pay oS which some means should be used. Mr. William Bellingham addressed the meeting on the Holy Scriptures. The Rev. J. Dingle, after speaking of the pleasure he had hadinmeet ingso many friends atthe tea, and especially the worthy Chairman, called their attention to the solemn fact that they were met to mark the revolving momenta of another year, and to greet the anniversary of the House of God. He alluded to tho woHs of the wise man — *'A word fitly spokea is like apples of gold in pic tures of silver. A word spoken 'in season, how good is it.' He then said, as they were come to the «lose of another year, it was the proper time for deep reflection and dedica tion to God, love being the test bf our reli gion. He then urgpd with great force and earn .estness the duty of loving God with all our hearts, and our neighbors as ourselves. Mr. Chaplin spake on the subject of love and unity. After the collection was made, the Chairman opened a subscription list to raise the money borrowed on the building, which was done in a short time. After the uiual votes of thanks were given, the very 'interesting meeting was brought to a close. . - Th&JSupreme; Court sat on Thursday morning, but at once adjourned, there being no business. The Gourt will not sit again until after. the Civil Sittings. A ?' ' disgraceful act was perpetrated during Wednesday night. Mr. E. Ingleby's -garden, Hurtle-square, was entered by some person, and a number of valuable plants de stroyed. It is believed, however that nothing was taken. On 'Wednesday evening % horse and dray, belonging to Mr. Bloomfield, of Nor wood, bolted from the Slaughterhouse and ran ^into the cabstand opposite the Railway Stalion. Two vehicles belonging to T. Lenan and K. Wilson were damaged, and the run away was caught before further mischief could be done. On Thursday morning an accident hap pened on the cabstand outside the Nimble Ninepence. A horse and dray, the property of Mr. Smith, of Fifth Creek, came tearing down 'Waymouth-street, and ran into the foremost cab on the stand, belonging to John Burns. Both shafts of the cab were broken, the horse thrown down, .and the runaway brought to a standstill. It has long bden known that marble existed in the neighborhood . of Macclesfield, and from time to time stone has been obtained from the quarry there and used in the construc tion of various works of art ; but on account of the Italian marble being more easily wrought, tfie colonial article has not been so much in favor as could be wished. However, it has not seen lost sight of, for the recently-established firm of Messrs. Williams & Train (from the Westminster Marble Works, London) have taken the Macclesfield marble quarry, and have commenced business in Pine- street, next to Mr. W. King's timber .yard. . Suitable machinery has been erected, and operations have been com menced, and it is intended shortly to in crease the appliances of the establish ment, and carry on the manufacture on a more extended scale than at present. Already some veiy creditable works have been turned out, and doubtless this native industry will not fail to obtain the public patronage it deserves. The marble, we understand, can be supplied at about, the same cost as the Mintaro slate. It is hoped that a trade in the article may be opened up with the neighboring colonies, as it can be delivered there at a far cheaper rate than the Italian can. The following is the result of an analy sis of ore from the property of the Inglewood Mining Company, by Messrs. Johnson & Sons, London, assayers to the Bank of England, Her Majesty's Mint, the Council of India, &c;, &c.; iThe presence of so large a proportion of tita nium gives a special value to the iron : — Assay Offices and Laboratories, Basinghall-street, London, E.C., June 1st, 1870. Certificate of analysis of piece of quartz : — Iron ... ... ? 40-52 *Titanium ? 18'08 Zino ? ? 2'30 Sulphur ? 2-75 Silica ? 540 Lime ? 0'55 Carbonic Acid ? 0'40 § Oxygen and traces of silver... 30*00 100-00 * Equal to— Titanic acid 30 -00. § There is no valuable quantity of silver. On Thursday morning, a deputation consisting of Sir G, S. Kingston, M.P., Messrs. H. E. Bright, M.P., Mathieson (Chairman of the Port Gawler District Council), S. Corden, and S. Wilson waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands to request the Government to withdraw from sale eight sections of landcom prising 3,474 acres in the Hundred of Dublin, County of Gawler, ' Sir George said it was the wish of the residents lhat the land might be withdrawn from sale and offered in 80-acre sections. At present they averaged 400-acre sections, and ^precluded persons who desired to take up a smaller quantity of land from doing ' so, and he pointed out that if the land were put up in the proposed blocks, it would most likely be purchased by squat ters or persons who would only let it at a high rental. The other members of the depu tation observed that the land, if put. up in 80 acre sections, would be. readily pur chased, because of its close proximity to a ship ping port, and because persons with adjoining holdings would be able to purchase it more con veniently, and extend them. The Commis sioner said he would have three weeks to give the matter his consideration, and he would confer with his colleagues, but could give no definite reply as to what might be done. 