REVIEW. "Not at Homo, Just Gono Out," &c.; A Tragedy, in four Acts. Express Office, 1870. IT is easier to imagine than to describe the pleasure with which the astronomer sweeping the horizon with his telescope sees for the first time some star which has just shot itself into the region of space. With equal pleasure do wo now announce the dawn of a " star " of the first magnitude in the literary horizon. The gifted author of " Not at Home " belongs to a profession which has not as yet won much literary honour. England may boast of her poetical cobblers and tailors, who seem to be plentiful enough ; but a poetical banker would, in truth, be a rate bird in the world of literature. But, Australia, full of anomalies, from that rara avis, the black swan, to that queerest of creatures, the platypus, is now in proud possession of the greatest of nature's freaks-a live Banker.Poet. To our unsophisticated mind, a banker is invariably associated with the dis counting of bills, and charging112 per cent, for overdrafts. But Jife is full of surprises. The sagacious statesman startles the world with a brilliant : novel, and a hard-headed and logical Chancellor writes on 1 Biblical Infallibility And here, in obscure Wagga, we find a banker successfully wooing the Muse in the intervals of ease snatched from his arduous labours. Truly, our author's lines are cast in pleasant places, for it is not given to every banker to have the dull woof of his daily life shot with the golden warp of Music and Poetry. This New Soutli Wales Bank, where these sweet flowers of poesy are so carefully cultured and thrive so luxuriantly, must indeed be the Bank alluded to by Shakespeare in those well-known lines 1,1 a Bank where the wild thyme And oxlips and the nodding violet grows, iv!M?rer;Can°rd witb luscious woodbine, Hprp J t musk-roses and with eglantine. ? ,,a ts a Manger, who thus doth say Am t I a pretty chap to write a play ?*" The gifted author has long beon known amongst us as a great musical celebrity. If his fame has not exactly sproad trans Gangelicum, it has, at any rate, which is very much the same thing, been heard of the other side of theMurrumbidgee. He is the presiding genius at our concerts, and at the numerous assemblages of the votaries of " Terpsichore, the goddess of the many-twinkling feet." But Music is . the twin-sister of Poetry, and genius 1 is aspiring. Weary of these gay and festive scenes, he has wandered into the gay field of Poetry, and with one bound mounted the pinnacle of fame. A refined Eng lish critic has told us that Shel ley is the most musical-of all oar poets. And our gifted author, with the intuitive perception of genius, has cast his poetry in Shelley's mould. Evidently from long and constant study, his mind has become thoroughly saturated with the very . essence of Shelley's wondrous { melody of verse. In bis tragedy, Not at Home," there occur lines of such musical rhythm that they vividly V* recall to our minds long forgotten pas sages from "Queen lfa∧ the " Genci." Take for instance this beauti ful passage from " Not at Home," Act III., Scene 1 : ." At the witching hour of midnight, \> hen the sickly moonbeams paled, Before the ardent glances Of this damaged nightingale." and compare it with that much ad- ' mired one from Shelley-? "How beautiful this night! the balmiest .sigh, , Which vernal zophyrs breathe in evening'3 Were discord to the speaking quietude, That wraps this moveless scene." Let our readers contrast the two extracts and judge for themselves. To our mind (and we trust we shall not be charged with being too partial to > our distinguished fellow-townsman) " Not^ at Home" is immeasurably superior to any poem Shelley has written.^ In fact, in the whole range of English literature, we cannot recall anything to equal the beauty of the passage we have quoted, except those exquisite lineB so dear to childhood's memory '' Hokey-pokey a poet would be, So he did write a Tragedy, And on the stage he had it poofc, And then he made his grand deboot. And into it he put his foot." To particularise every gem in this mine of literary wealth would, be like ; numbering the sands or taking a census of the stars. Where every couplet is an epigram, every line luscious melody, almost every word a poom in itself, it is clearly impossible to do more than pluck afc random a fow of the mors brilliant "flowers of verse" scattered around us with such lavish profusion. Take thefollowing*, for instance. Wfaera out of " Romeo and Juliet," or in it, is there anything comparable to the power, the passion, of these glorious lines But see! what light thro' Bergin's window breaks ? Ob, here's a lark; twixt Moxham and Corthorn, They're dressed as Aldermen upon the spree, X must begone and live, or stay aud dee." 1 But it would be a mistake to suppose that our gifted author is only happy as a poet. On the contrary, his prose is as exquisite as bis verse-the luscious s weetness of the one is only equalled by the sparkling wit. the terse, epi grammatic, almost bewildering bril liancy of the other. Want of space unfortunately prevents us from giving copious extracts from his dazzling dialogue, but we cannot resist thefol lowing tit-bit: " Bertha: Are yon a ghost ? Ghost: I am-my word. Bertha : And my Papa ? Ghost: The voice of nature tells me BO. Bertha: Then epoak, Papa, whither cliost thou?" After this, further comment is surelyj astheknightBofthe hammer say, super fluous. In these days of a degenerate stage, when the British drama- has fallen from its high estate and taken up with French dancing women and comic songs, the appearance of a play which carries us back to the sweet pas toral age of poetry, which introduces us to chaste shepherdesses and the pure, sylvan scenery of bappy Arcadia, is an event to be hailed witb delight by all true lovers of literature. It is the proud privilege of romantic Wagga to have produced a poet who has pro duced a play which when produced in London (as of course it will be) will revolutionise the stage, if it does not exactly what so many literary lumi naries have attempted in vain-set fire to the Thames. We predict for it on tofcb' sides of' the Equator, a success ;£as stupendous as its merits. It will continue to delight the world when Sheridan is in the dust-heap ; and the memory of the gifted author, the Wagga Banker-poet, will " smell sweet ?and blossom" when Shakespeare is forgotten. 