' IN MY VINEYARD. , At laut the dream that clad tho field Is fairest fact, and stabla ; , . At last my vlues a cavort yield, A patch for song and fable, 1 ' I thread tho rustling ranks, that hide , Their misty violet treasure, [ And part tho sprays with more than prtdo, , . And moro than owner's pleasure. ' II. > Tito tender shoots, tho fragrance Uno, i Betray tho garden's poet, I Whoso daintiest life ls turned to wine, ; Yet half ls shy to ahow it, Tho epicure, who yields to toll A scarce fullllled reliance, , Bat takes from sun and flew and soil L A grace unguessed hy science. Faint odours, from tho bundies blown, t- Surround mo and subdue mc ; Tho vineyard-breath nf many a zono Is Boftly breathing through me : : From slopes of Eshkol, in tho sun, And many a htll-sldu classic ; L From where Falernlnn Juices mn, And whuru they press the Mns6ic I 1 Whcro airy terraces, on high. Tho hungry vats replenish, > And, less from earth than from the sky, i Distill tho golden Khenlsh : 1 Whcro, light of heart, tho liordclnls ' Compels his stony level To burst and foam In purple spray, , Tho rose that crowns tho rovel 1 1 V. > So here, as there, thc subject earth L Shall tukc n tenderer duty ; f And Labour wnlkwlth harmless Mirth, , And wed with loving lleauty: ' So, hore, & gracious lifo shall lix Its sent lu summer weather ; ) For sap and blood so sweetly mix, , And richly run together 1 ' VI. 1 Tlic vine was exiled from tho land f That boro but needful burden» ; « But now wo slack tho weary hand, _ And look fur gentler guerdons : ' Wo tako from Eusu a grace above » The strength we took from Labour, î And win to laugh, and woo to love, F.nch grimly-earnest neighbour. VII. ' What Idle dreams I Even ns I muso, 1 feel a fulling shadow ; ; And vapour» blur and clouds confuso My coining KIdorndo. Portentous, grim, a ghost druws nigh, To clip my Hying fancy, And chango tho shows of earth and sky With evil necromancy. VII. The leaves on every vine-branch curl As if a frost lind stung them ; t Tho bunches shrivel,fsunp, mid whirl As if a tempest Mung them ; And na tho ghost his forehead shakes. Denying and commanding, Hut withered stalks and barren stake» Surround mo where I'm standing. 1 IX. "Bcwnro I" tho spectre cried ; "tho woo ¡ Of th!» delusive culture I Tho nlghtlngnlo that lures theo so Shnll hatch a ravening vulture, i To feed tho vat, to lill thu bin. Thou pluck'st tho vineyard » foison, , That drugs tho cu]) of mirth with sin, ( Tho veins of health with poison 1 " i But now a golden mist was borne, Willi,vlolct-odours mingled ; I folt a brightness nB of morn, And nil my liaises tingled ; And forms arose-among them first Tho old Ionian lion, And thoy. Sicilian Mmes nursed, Theocritus and lilon. Xl. And ho of Toos, ho of Horne, Tho Sabino bard nnd urbnn ; And Sandi, from his Persian homo, And Unfix in lils turban: And Shakespeare, silent, sweet, nnd grave, And Herrick with ld» lawn on ; And Luther, mellow, burly, brave. Along with rare Hun Jonson, j XII. "Bo comforted I" they seemed to Bay ; "For Xaturo does no treasons: Sho neither gives nor takes away Without eternal reasons. Sho heaps tho stores of corn and oil In such a liberal measure, That, past thu utmost need of Toll, There's something left for Pleasure. XIII. " Tho secret soul of sun and dew Not vainly shu dlstllletli. And from theso globes of pink and blue A harmless cup she llllcth ; Who lovoth her may take delight In wlut for him she dresses, Nor lind in cheerful appetite Tho portal to excesses. XIV. " Yes, ever slnco tho race began To press thu vineyard's Juices, It wns tho bruto within tho man Defiled their nobler uses ; But they who toko from order Joy, And mnko denial duty, Hut chain tho bruto they should destroy By Freedom and^bjj lleauty 1" Theyspnko; nnd, lol tho bnlefulshnpo Crow dim, nnd thon retreated ; And bending o'er tho hoarded grape, Tho vines my vision greeted. Thu sunshine burst, thu breezes turned Tho leaves till they wcro hoary, And over all tho vineyard burned A fresher light of glory I BAYARD TAYLOR. 