GENERAL NEWS. 18ÀBB0TTINQ IN ClSVSXAHD-BTBEET, Std *V.-About nine o'clock on Wednesday night jr. Alderman Murphy, while going home along Qfteland street, was garrotted by two men. Mr. Murphy was within a hundred yards of his on home when he felt some person throw his aba round bim, and at first thinking some one ni playing a joke on him, was about requesting tiat he would not be handled so rudely, when taits surprise he felt a pressure in hitbaek. Mr.Murphj then became fully convinced of the fieithat he was being garrotted by_two men/ o» of whom held him baokwards while the oilier attempted to thrust his hand into his trotters pockets. This course of procedure was ot course objected to, and then a desperate straggle ensued, during which the worthy alloman was prevented from calling out, one of taimen having had him tightly grasped by the throat, while the other used his best endeavours to rae his pockets, one of which contained be twem 20s and 30a. Mr. Murphy had also a waith on at the time. During the scuffle Mr. Murphy and one of the men fell, and in the fall loosened his grasp. The former seized the oppor- tunity and called out for assistance. Agentle nunreaiding near, having heard the cry, came onVtf his house and called out. The looundrals inmadistely decamped, taking with them only a (etknife which they had abstracted;-Had it not teen for the determined resistance made by Mr. Murphy, the villains no doubt would haye. succeeded in accomplishing their lawless pur- pose. The police have arrested two men on i another similar charge, and they are believed to ' be the lame who assaulted Mr, Murphy, but we Inline that gentleman will not be able to idon ' tify the men.-Evening Neus, Jan. 7. After an ineffectual attempt to raise the ship Lightning, sunk in Geelong Harbour, with the wool on board, by boarding her up, it was de- cided to get the wool out bale by bale. On Monday, the 3rd, 30 bales were raised, a por- tion of which is to be sold for the benefit of those concerned, and a portion is to be scoured, and rendered again fit for the market. Much of the wool stank very badly. A farmer at Mount Gambier hat left at the Eordtr IFafcA office a sample of English barley, the bulk of whioh, when thrashed and cleaned, showed an average of 60 bushels per acre. Capo, sown by the same farmer, it is believed will turn out as well 'A correspondent of the Melbourne Argus, sug- gests that a material service would be rendered to the public if some simple and efficacious method of treating persons suffering from the effeot of sunstroke were made known. He states. that in America the mode adopted ia to apply ios to the head, hot bricks to tile feet, and mo- tion to the hands. i , IA violent thunderstorm bunt over Melbourne on Monday, the 3rd January, and the downpour of rain was bo copious that the intersection of Elizabeth and Flinders streets was flooded to a depth of four feet in the side channels. There wat a large orowd gathered, and much amuse- ment waa derived from the efforts of persons to cross the ourrent. Cabmen made a good day's work by plying across the water with passengers. There was an almost equally heavy flood at Sandhurst. IA ghost (but not the ghost) has been aetn at Kiama. It appeared preceded by a atrange noise, and had a head larger than, a cow't^ the ears were longer than a man's arm, and the eyes, st large as a man's fist, kept whirling round and round. Another ghostly mani fciiatton, which perhaps was the first reduced, is this described :-"A creature in the form of a min, about six feet in height, with black stripes down each of his legs, and minus a head, made its appearance very near his horse's head." This cnstnre followed the person who saw it, and who was on horsebsck, raced bim for some distan«, but at last vanished into "thin sir," probably thinking it not worth while to make the captue. _ MtoPÜB. AT MasTBOB>OTJ<3H, QUEENSLAND. A »hooking murder by a Chinaman in one of our suter colonies adds another item to the atrocious crimes, whioh within the last year have darkened the history of that country. The Mitchell Downs correspondent of the Queensland Tines, writing under date the 24th ultimo, says :-" A cold-blooded murder took place last Saturday at Burenda Station. One of the men working on the station entered either the waaheri' or shearers' hut after the men had supped, and requested the Chinaman cook (Sam) to give bim something to eat. Sam commenced grumbling about the lateness of the hour and bia not coming in time. An altercation ensued, when Sun very deliberately seized a knife and ?tabbed the man to the heart, causing his imme- diate death. The hut waa full of men at the time; not one of them interfered, but went out, leaving the Chinaman and his lifeless victim the only occupants of the hut. Immediately upon subbing the man Sam very coolly washed his knife and bia hands, and sat down to his supper as if nothing had happened. He was shortly after urssted by Mr. Thoroton, of the poLw." South Aïbioan DtAMONDS^The Natal papers received by the last mail, says the Mel- bourne Argus, report increasing discoveries of diamonds in the Trans-Vaal territory. The Orange Free State Journal reports that Mr. John Tully, in a private letter dated at Vaal River, lOth September, states that he has got two moro diamonds-one of ithem weighing seven carats-and adds that Mr. Charles Brann, , the bearer of said letter, will tell all about i them, nMr. Braun, who ia likewise an earnest i and enthnsiastic diamond-seeker, has just re- turned from a visit to Hopetown, having in his travel».touched at'Jacebsdal, Pniel, and most of the other spots where diamonds are said to have been picked up, Mr. Braun informs us that while'at Hopetown, through the kindness of Mr. L. iHond, he ta.w and bandied twenty-four dia- monds fin all, one of them brought in by Mr. .Mona weighing 22 carats, and that in his jjonrney he beard of almost as many more iwhich-he didnotsee. He further states that 'Mr. Parker, at present trading beyond the Vaal, ¡has in his possession a very large diamond, but nis not scales~to-waigu~th0 same Mr Joseph ¡Hay ward, residing at present on Vaal Biver, has a diamond of about eight carats, which he pro- cured iu barter for cattle, for £17, and for wbioh ne bis refused £60 in ooah. Mr. Hayward was just proceeding beyond the Vaal with the hope of purchasing more gems of the same sort Mr. braun confirms the statement of Mr. Tully, in whose'lbinds he Baw four or five diamonds in all, , one of them seven or eight carats, being three-cornered in shape, and of good water, and the smaller ones were among the best he (Mr: Braun) bas seen. Mr. Tully concludes his last note as follows :-" Diamonds are being found -every' day 'among ? the Korannas and Kaffirs i on., the other eide of the Vaal Biver." A small diamond waa brought to Bloemfontein during the week by Mr. Stamp, of Potoelstroom, which is t said Whare been pioksdup by his Waggoii-driver ¿trnigKt on the main road in the distriot of Cronstadt. The driver, it is alleged, attracted by the unusual brillianoy of the gem ia it shone among the dust of the road after the passing of the wheel over it, at once stooped, picked it "up, and brought it to this town , I The solicitors of Mr. Draper, oharged with eWbexxlement and fraud in Melbourne, write to ih« Argus, in denial of a statement that Mr. Draper was a large loser at the last Ballarat races. Theyiay Mr. Draper was not in the habit of betting on any races whatever. i A Shaw Chinaman.-A few weeks since a Cbrnnman, known .familiarly about hore, as Jemmy, was employed as an assistant cook at ihcAuitralran Hotel, but not finding that ocon fatiauLas'proStanle as lie could have wished, he threw tip his* billed aird started off in search of any other,* and if possible, better paid employ- ment, , Jemmy idireotcd his steps towards Al- bury, and finding a number of German shanties in -that~Tlhrtriot;~ in "which a villainous home- made fiery abomination, known as German brandy, was dispensed on the sly, he became suddenly smitten with a desire to prevent infrac- tions of the law, and forthwith entered upon business as an informer. Procuring the assist- ance of a countryman as. a witness, Jemmy visited all the unsuspecting retailers of illicit apirita, and asked for, received, and duly paid for a nobbler, or, two at each place. Having thus obtained proof of the sale of spirits at various places, Jemmy repaired to the' police office and informed against the offenders, ob [ tained the necessary conviotions, and then pocketed the half of the fines that were in i flicted. Jemmy soon made more money in that way than he would have scraped together in a lifetime at cooking, and is so elated with his I success, and has snob, an immense opinion of the value of his services to the Government, that i he bis announced his intention of proceeding to ' Sydney, and applying for a billet as Chinese detective.-Wagga Wagga Express. The Melbourne Argus reports that a brutal outrage on a woman has been committed between Ballarat and Buninyong. The police received information on Sunday morning, Jan. 2, that a woman -was lying under a tree off the road named, in a very deplorable condition, and quite insen- sible. A cab was at once dispatched to the locality, and she was taken to the hospital, where,,on the 3rd, she still lay unconscious, , though the medical officer has hopes she may recover. She has a severe wound on the head, and is otherwise braised and injured. She ap- pears to be an entire stranger to all who have seen her. She waa seen on New Year's Day in company with a man, also a stranger at Balla- rat, and she oomplained to some one or two people that he had ill-treated her, and robbed her of all her money, some £7. From that time, she was noV seen until found under the tree. 