Wave Prospect. By the Rev. Dr. Barry. ' It 5b like a draught of Fire ! ' — Golden Legend. CHAPTER X. XoKD BAY'i-OEB ' AND CECIL ON THE QUES TION of the Indirect Nvianios of Alcohol. Lord Bayford did not care to go home to Bayford Park, and return before evening. It might have been done, indeed ; but as it was to be a bachelor party, and one quite improvised, dressing was out of the question, and it was pleasanter to sit quietly in Cecil' 6 hut, though he did not enter with his usual enthusiasm .into its extraordinary collections of specimens, but became rather moody, and disinclined to talk, or examine, or read, or any thing that was rational. Cecil himself was no better company ; but as he did not intend to remain lete-a-lete, but to walk over to see his patient established at Sunnyville, he was not likely to betray himself to one bo wrapt in his own thoughts as his companion. In this visit to his patient, there was another he might hope to see. He had Been her but just lately, in the carriage with her ; and though that other had magnetism to attract him with irresistible force, there ?was always now trouble of conscience, fears and dis trust of himself, that were whispering, ' better aloof, better aloof.' There was one truth that had been more and more clearly ascertained by him. After many heart ques tionings, and searchings, that Florence Woodroffe ?would be to hi™ the incentive to every good thing, the check of every ill, — and all that is imagined by the youth who dreams of happiness, — but it had not come equally to the light, that he could, if she were ?won, certify to himself that he could secure to her, in return, that happiness which he would receive. Was there not a rival ? Could he promise any of those sacrifices which were her due, while he was conscious he had not been able, though with patient striving, to make this ? Could he be always sure to support, advise, comfort, and sympathise, while this vice was not subdued, which might interfere at any time? Lastly, could he hope to retain even her respect, if, he bitterly acknowledged, by this indulgence, he sometimes forfeited his own ? He had come down here to avoid it ; and here it had followed him. When this new power of love grew up, he thought it would be a mighty auxiliary in combating the ? temptation ; but here was the old associate again, and he was drifting back to it, by mere ? force of old habit ; although he begins seriously to feel it is a struggle now for life. At one moment, one hope bursts upon him, with in expressible relief. Could he win her, that pure being, influencing him as she did, supplying to him all the happy companionship which he wanted now, centre ing his desires in the domestic hearth. By her side, where virtue and love were sure to be, that other dark shadow would be for ever ?excluded, and he would be triumphant. For a moment only could he indulge in this reverie ; for Honour asked, ' What if the dark shadow shrouded even this lonely influence, blackened even the happy fireside, silenced the vows of mutual affection ; chilled to heart, and dimmed the eye, and ? paled the cheek of the being you would cherish, rendering that paTadise you dream of, that home of wedlock, a prison of desolation and regret, if ever, in spite of this holy influence, you failed to conquer ! ' With these thoughts it was not to be expected that he would be a very lively companion. None of these troubled the young nobleman, who merely hod between hini and books and conversation, the vision of a merry, pretty face, which he would see again. And because he did not feel quite settled ; and because, young as he was, the use of stimulants had already produced that indefinite craving which conies at times of listlessness, he therefore asked Cecil whether he had any wine in the house r ' None except in that bottle on yonder shelf, labelled ' Vin. xer.' and that I fear tastes rather druggy.' 'Beer?' ' Not a bottle.' 'Brandy?' 'Only that in which you see those lizards and beetles preserved.' ' What ! My dear fellow, you must be bantering me ; you don't mean to say you get on here without any of these things,' reading and working hard, too?' 'Reading and working all the better for their banishment. I wish I had been able to make their absence forgetfulness ; it might be, ' out of sight, out of mind,' before this, had not one thing and another outside, broken the charms.' ' Now, can I believe you ? Many and many a reading man has told me he could never get on with out stimulant ; could not think, and that.' ' I say that I had thought to tenfold better pur pose, and not miserably and shamefully failed on some occasions, had I never learned that fallacy.' ' You ! Why, Cecil, you are the last man I ever expected to hear say that. What evenings we have had together ; ever since we met here ; you seemed_ lifted up beyond your natural mental stature, under the spell of this enchanter, wine.' ' So is'the madman lifted up beyond his natural stature by the spells of the enchanter phreuzy ; and he does not so suddenly sink again beneath his level.' ' You are not a teetotaller ? ' 'No. I would give all the enthusiasm ever created by those libations we have shared to be able to say . I am.' ' You would ! Oh ! I see, Queen Mab has been with you:' ' I am serious.' 'You appear so; and I am only the more astounded. You, a physician ; you do not think the total abstainers have anything to support them on physical grounds r ' 'I do.' ' As a medical opinion, do you Bay they have r ' ' Much.' The young man jumped up from his chair, and gave vent to one of those whistles, long and low, which betoken incredulity, or astonishment.' ' I see there ' Johnston's Chemistry of Common Life,' and a dozen other standard books on nutriment of the human1 frame ; on the authority of which do you pronounce that opinion ? ' ' On the -authority of all ; that is, not always on their conclusions, but on the conclusions fairly to be drawn from their premises and facts.' ' We have read them differently ; they seem to me to prove the advantage of a moderate use of stimulants.' ' If they did, my dear lord, can we say that our use of them is moderate t ' ' Oh ! Hang it, Cecil. No ' lords ' just now ; and you know what toe do is not the question. It is what those authors prove.' # ' Very well, which shall we examine r' ' The one I mentioned ; they generally follow suit.' ' Well — here goes for the first word : — ' Ardent spirits of every variety are little else than alcohol diluted with a large proportion of water, and flavoured ?with a minute admixture of volatile oil, the precise action of which, on the system, is not known. They contain, therefore, none of the common form of nutri tious matter which exists in our usual varieties of y. animal and vegetable food ' (vdl. 1, page 349, Che mistry of Common Life.) ' So much for a conclusion drawn by the author himself. Now, that is the teetotal opinion.' ' You are sophisitical. That is not all,' he adds, 'It does not follow from this, as some have too broadly alleged, that they are incapable of serving j any useful purpose in ? the animal economy. At ; least he admits that they cannot be regarded directly ' as food.' ' Yes, but he asserts that they act indirectly as food, by serving other purposes. 1st. He asserts ?that they directly harm the body,' and our own sensations, when drinking them, confirm his asser tion.* 1 ' If it were true, it would not prove them nutritive directly or ;indirectly. But experiment completely overthrows .the 'assertion, whatever our sensations may be ; for it is well known that a thermometer, placed under tKe tongue, after a dose of spirits, is always found to have fallen some degrees below the point at which it stood,' when similarly placed, before the stimulant was swallowed. You may try that any time.' ' 2nd. 'That they supply, a portion of that carbonic i a?id, and watery^ vapour, which, as a necessary of life, \- ' aTC necessarily given off by the lungs.' ' Now,' said Cecil, ' be honest, and say whether, , in so short a' sentence, there could be expressed one absurdity more. He has already said that alcohol . diluted with water, and flavoured by an unknown I volatile oil, is. all that the liquors contain ; and here I he says they supply carbonic acid, to be thrown off by J* the lungs. Where do they procure it? Theycan ?tocot supply what they do not contain ; and as to the 1' watery vapour, I suppose the water diluting alcohol 1 Kill produce it, ae water without the alcohol would. Nothing but water can produce' watery vapour. Shall I go on ? ' 'Stay, let us look again at this. Supposing it were granted that intoxicants could supply to the lungs that which they do not contain, in what manner would this prove their utility ? These things given off by the lungs are not, as he says, 'a necessary of life,' though their elimination is. They are refuse matter, after the body has extracted from its food the necessaries of life ; or they are the waste and wear of tissue rejected as an encumbrance to life. I {, there fore, alcohol supplies this, or increases the quantity of it, it must add to the wear and tear of tissue, and encumber the lungs with additional1 work, in elimi nating this increased burden of excrescence.' ' You object to his calling this carbonic acid given off a necessary of life ; surely if it ceased, so should life.' ' I illustrate what I mean. The process has been pronounced very similar to that of combustion. To a lire the necessary of combustion is fuel and oxygen. Whatever does not contain fuel cannot feed it. It is necessary, indeed, that the ashes should be removed when burnt ; but what, if one proposed to make the fire bum, more brightly, by supplying an additional shovelfull of ashes ? ' 'That is, I admit, an illustration, end something more ; because the whole affair is not only like, but - identical with combustion. But here is, I think, his strongest point against you. They diminish the absolute amount of matter thrown off by the lunge and kidneys, they thus lessen the natural waste of the fat and tissues, and they necessarily diminish in an equal degree the quantity of ordinary food which is necessary to keep up the weight of the body. In other words, they have the property of making a given amount of food go further. . ' Now, what can you say to this ? You see they axe indirectly food.' 'I say this. If they diminish the absolute amount of matter, thrown off by the lungs and kidneys, they j simply diminish what ought not to be diminished. I These are the outlets of the effete matter, which haa become poisonous ; these are the sewers which carry , off the refuse. I suppose the health of the house 1 would not be improved by diminishing, or stopping, the sewerage. Nor, to go to our old illustra tion, would any one dream of improving the fire by | taking less of the ashes away. If you could succeed in completely annihilating all the waste, by this mode of reasoning, you would render all food unnecessary ; but in reality you would have induced, first, fever, then death. ' But I have read elsewhere, that it is a fact, that persons who drink alcohol moderately, eat less than abstainers, the alcohol apparently, in an indirect way, supplying food.' . ' That is to say, that alcohol diminishes the appetite.' ' You put it somewhat differently.' ' I put it correctly. Ordinary, the test of health and tone is a good appetite, we recomiiiend those whose appetite fails, to seek its restoration, by change of air and scene, by tonic medicine, and other means. When the appetite fails, we do not rejoice OTer the cause, by saying that less food is required ; the waste is diminished, and the patient indirectly fed. By the way, Bayford, it is a long time since you breakfasted, and Livermore dines late ; there's some cold beef, and bread and butter in that cupboard ; you must be hungry.' ' Oh ! thank you ; I have not the ghost of an ap petite. I never have.' ' Oh ! I thought you wanted refreshment ; you asked for wine.' ' I felt a sinking, but I could not eat if you were to pay me.' ' Precisely ! The use of alcohol has destroyed the healthy appetite for food. You eat less ; but you would not say that less food is required, but that less food is taken, than is necessary to health. You are an answer to the professor.' ' Eatlier, an argumentum ad hominem.' ? ' There are five words of your question which are worth noticing. For if all the rest were sound, these would completely make the case of the total abstainer. Further on, p. 35, he speaks of the great ' danger of intoxicants, arising from their extreme seductiveness, and the all but unconquerable strength of the drink ing habit, when once formed; and of its peculiar malignity, when it has obtained a mastery, in its becoming the parent and nurse of every kind of ' suffering, immorality, and crime.' Now, if this dangerous thing can only just do, what is done equally J well by tea and coffee, surely the teetotaler is j triumphant.' ' Certainly, if they were so pleasant.' 'So intoxicating you mean; we must confess it is the intoxication is the pleasure.' ' Perhaps so ; but all you have said before about diminishing the waste of tissue, applies equally against tea and coflee.' 'It may; and I cannot see that it is proved that the beneficial effect of these arise from any effect on the waste of the body.' ' You cannot ! On what then r' ' Well, their effect is generally immediate ; acting on the' nerves ; and if they serve as food at all, they do so far more directly than we claim for alcohol.' ' Directly ! ' ' Yes ! in explaining why tea, ? and coffee, and I chocolate, serve somewhat for food for old women, we need not have gone to the round about, doubtful, hypothesis (for it is nothing else) that they diminish the waste ; for he himself supplies us ?with some of the constituents which are directly nutritive (page 231). ' In tea and coffee, a peculiar bitter, crystall lia- ble principle, containing much nitrogen — in tea 29 per cent., in coffee 36 per cent. ; also, in page 202, ' A nutritious substance, resembling the gluten of wheat, or the fibrin of beef.' * Also, a quantity of fat, in cocoa more than half the whole, in tea 3 or 4 per cent., in coffee ' 'Nitrogen, fibrin, gluten, fat; why here is direct nutrition, a pleasing exaltation of the nervous life ; and, withal, no intoxicant.' ' With these opinions, why are you not an abstainer?' ' I have said, I wish I were.' 'Wish! What is to prevent you, if you please?' ' Alas ! look to your author for the answer. The all but unconquerable strength of the drinking habit, when once formed.' ' I do not feel it.' Cecil looked at him at first incredulously ; then resumed. ' You may not have tried to loosen your self; the prisoner does not feel his chains until he tries to move. It is when he attempts to walk to ward the light, that shines in upon his dungeon, that ' his miserable fetters drag, an£ smart, his impatient limbs. Would that the drag and smart were all ; but the worst is, they hold him back. Bayford, I have seen this light outside. I tell you, man, I would have given worlds to reach it ; it is perhaps even upw within'my reach, and to approach it would be happi ness inexpressible. Could I but conquer this, I might achieve what would enable me to achieve every thing; and yet. I see I cannot; I cannot.' ' You Jiave banished intoxicants, at all events, from your lodgings.' ' Aye,' that is one of my advances. I have done so more than once or twice, but the chains pull me sorely back. I am weak as an infant in thesebonds.' ' I always looked upon you as a very Samson ! ' ' Aye ! This Delilah soon cuts off our locks. Look, I came here to avoid this Delilah of drinking habits. I banished her, as you see. She entered again, on one pretence or another. A splendid motive has arisen, and by the aid of this, I have banished her again, as you see. You have come, and I could not say no. Is this strength? and to-night, again, I am bound to this party where — would that I could, like some, look at it, ana avoid whatl despised, and dread.' I said, Cecil did not intend remaining for a t£te-&- tete, and thus he was, nevertheless, led into one. On his leaving, Bayford did not choose to remain chewing the end of sweet and bitter fancy ; so he took his hat, and said he would walk with liim part of the way. Now, their way was a byeway, which came out at right angles with the main road, which was hidden from them by a double earthen fence, planted along the top with treeB. This fence had a deep ditch on either side, and on that next the road was generally very muddy. As they approached this junction, they heard moans subdued, as if forced from one half suffocated, which made them quicken their pace *, but on rounding, tlie corner, they saw cause sufficient to account for them. There were the horse, cart, and man, and boxes, destined for Sunnyville, tumbled right over into the deep muddy ditch ; the cart tightly wedged in between the two banks, and one wheel sunk hopelessly in the mud. The horse, after the fashion of his race, perfectly paralysed with fear, incapable of moving a. muscle; entangled in' the shafts and harness, and half-imbedded in the slough. And as for Jehu,. he was perfectly sober now ; fright soon sobers ; but it was difficult to find him out at all; his groanings sounded dull, as though of one buried alive. They proved sufficient to trace him ; box after box being removed,^ the sound appeared to arise from beneath ttwm^Btft*llfi|ewere cleared away, he was seen doubled up,'in'iiAio^fe that was formed -under the axle, between the wheel and. ditch ; breathing through the spokes ; his moVth half filled with mud, and vainly endeavouring to sft him self free. \ The two young men first disengaged the Jwred), lest he might be startled, so as to move the cart, and injure the man ; and then they literally ' put their shoulders to the wheel ; ' but they might as well attempt to remove a mountain. Then they holloaed with all their might to some men working in a field, some distance off, who came to the rescue; but they could not move it ; and it was well, for if they had, it would have fallen upon him, and crushed him. But . the poor fellows, though anxious to help, made themselves almost ?useless, by immoderate fits of laughter, at the extraordinary figure the driver made, perfectly ?unhurt, imprisoned between wheels and mud. All this time the luggage had been expected every moment at Sunnyville. Nothing could be put to rights until the boxes came. At first they beguiled the moments pleasantly, in exploring every nook and comer of the cottage grounds, in sitting chatting in the summer-house — Mrs. F airborne, supported by George (she required such support still), by easy stages, from one seat to another, tinder these cir cumstances, it may be supposed he did not care that the cart should come to break their pleasure, by sending them to the dusty duties of unpacking. But when two hours passed, and no luggage arrived, for very shame it behoved fr™ and Henry to go and look after it. And so it came to pass, that when the extrication of I the man had been tried to the verge of extractioa, the Woodroffes were seen approaching ; and when they learned that no bone was broken, then the scene was too ludicrous ; they joined in the amusement of the men. George surveyed the position for a few seconds. ' There is only one way for it ; we must tunnel hi™ ] out, and get horses to right the dray.' No sooner said than done. In 25 minutes they had j dug a bole in the soft mud, sufficiently large for Jehu to creep out from under the wheel, somewhat sloppy, somewhat stiff, and somewhat ashamed ofhimBelf. AJ1 which he richly deserved. After loosening the wheels, tackling the horse to the side by ropes, they got the cart underway again, and making light work of the boxes, they drove up, Bayford and all, to the cottage, making much merri ment there, by the story of poor Jehu and this mis haps. It was thus that Lord Bayford was given the opportunity of making a better acquaintance with Emily Woodroffe. 