OUR AMUSEMENTS. prince of wales opera house. The fact that during the past week, large audiences have been attracted to patronise the Ethiopian Minstrels, in spite of the in clemency of the weather, is in itself a proof that their performances are increasing in public estimation. Frank Hussey and Harry Kelly give each evening specimens of their side splitting comicalities, and from their jokes, repartees, funny stories, and comic songs, elict frequent roars of laughter and shouts of applause. The Black smiths chorus, with anvil accompaniment, has been capitally per formed during the week. In the second part, Hussey and Campbell as Her Bad-man and Mr. Boskins, in the Stage Struck Darkey, were irrisistible ; and Mr. Ackland in one of his charming ballads, and Messrs. Amery, Ackland, Herman, and Campbell, in the quartette, " Spring Delights," were honored with recals. The Demon of the Woods, is of so laughable a character that Mr. Punch can hardly put pen to paper for laughing at the bare remembrance of it. The grand burlesque, The Bo-he-mi-an Girl, has been a fitting finale to this excellent entertainment and has sent the audience home pleased with themselves — the Minstrels — and all the world. Mr. Punch confidently recommends his friends to pay a visit to the Hussey, Kelly, and Holly Minstrels. the royal victoria theatre. The old "Vic" looked quite itself again, when, on Wednesday evening, quite a crowded House assembled to witness Sun and Shadow. His Excellency the Governor and Suite, Major Bishopp, and the officers of the 18th Regiment, and several families of distinc tion were present. The splendid band of the 18th, through the courtesy of the officers, attended and discoursed most excellent music. The overture I'ltaliana in Algieri was given with great precision and force, and a choice selection of gallops, valzes, &c.; , was per formed during the evening much to the delight of the audience. Mr. Quinn, the bandmaster, must be complimented upon the effici ency of the bandsmen, among whom may be mentioned two cornet players especially, who are undoubted masters of that instrument. The burlesque of Cinderella concluded the entertainment. Miss Florence Colville announces her benefit for Monday evening, when will be produced London Assurance, and Woodcocks Little Game. Mr. Punch hopes that the play-going public will show their apprecia tion of the ability that this clever youug actress has displayed, and accord to the fair Beneficiare a bumping benefit. miss milly palmer. During the week Miss Palmer has contented herself with the com paratively inferior part of "Hecate," in Macbeth. We hope soon to see her again in a character more worthy of her powers and more suited to her appearance and style of acting, as she transformed the Queen of the witches into a very pleasing and seductive old beldam. Herr Bandmann's " Macbeth " is not so good as several other characters in his repertoire, although in two or three scenes, especi ally in that with Banquo's ghost, he was greeted with rounds of applause. Miss Cooper's "Lady Macbeth" was powerful and earnest, and was played with great care throughout. Mr. Harding as "Macduff'er" was alternately humorous and bloodthirsty, and was especially effective in the combat with Macbeth. The scenery was very good although the trysting place of the witches should have been more wild and dreary. The witches chorus was really terrific, and if the hags of olden times indulged in similar discordant minstrels y, we can quite account for the malignity with which they were hunted to death. syoney choral society. We hear that the above society is in the course of formation, under the direction of Herr Carl Schmitt, for the purpose of practising classical music. The society will be composed of amateurs, who propose giving three or four concerts in the course of the year for the performance of Oratorios. s 