',..; ABE NEW DEFINITIONS NEW ?- [DOCTRINES? . r. (Irom the Catholic Truth Magazine. ) In the year 1854, Pope JPius ia. wjiu ««- World that it was the world's duty to believe, as thoroughly and truly aa we believe the reanrrec . M6h of the body, that Mary, God's Mother, wag ' 'Conceived without original sin. No other .rope i before hirofcad taught the name thing .in the same , tu^^ ? nt-ka*. Pnnnn Jijifl believed it tor ???? themselves, and had encouraged others to believe '. It: and had gone so far aB to say that no one was to teach the opposite ; but no Pope before the year 1854 had said, ' This is a thing which you tnust believe ; if yoa don't believe it you are not ? Catholics at all. It is as much a part of the faith as the Apostles Creed.' In the year 1870 we are an or us uopui^ »« '. the same Pius IX. may teach us, that a Pope, .When he speaks as a Pope, cannot blunder. That he does not require a Council to help him to teach truth, but that, in a Council, or out of ? Council, by himself, or with others, he is eoually certain to teach truth, without the possi i. bflity of blunder, whenever he means to apea* »b Pope, as the Head, on earth, of God's Church. We are hoping that he may teach ua that this is & thing which we must believe ; that, if we do bOt believe it, we shall not be Catholics at all ; that is a part of faith, as truly as the resurrec . tion of the flesh, or any other article ®f the Creed. If he bo teach us, he will teach his truth i& a stronger way than it has been taught be i Now, it is very natural for the world to say 11 You Catholics boast that you never teach new doctrines. How comes it? Here you are teach ing two doctrines, the Immaeulate Conception, fend the Pope's Infallibility, which twenty years »RO you did not teach, at all events in the same .,. Way. Are these new doctrines ?' Very decidedly not. ? - VT-l. ? 1)1 ,., xnoc new i Ab old as the rest of Christianity. 11 Do you mean thatfour Blessed Lord taught His Apostles the Immaculate Conception of His .Mother?' I do. « ? And the Pope's inf allibility ?' I do. II And that is the old Roman Catholic faith v Which has been handed down from the begin It is. 'Then if it ia the old faith, what was it the Pope did in 1854 ? And what will he do in ?: 1870? And why need he do it?' r ; He taught no new thing in 1854, he will teach &0 new thing in 1870. He will make old truths tnore clear, and old certainties more certain, but Who can quarrel with him for that ? Clearness tnd certainty are good things, full of peace, and c test, and unity. So far from teaching new doc trines, what the Pope really does ia to get rid of bow doctrine*, or rather of the attempt to teach feew doctrines. ' What do vou mean ?' 1 mean to teach that Mary was not Immacu : Ute, that she had upon her the stain of any ain, , of whatever kind, that this was the new doc trine ; and that when the Pope declared her Ira fenaculate, he drove for ever out of the Church an Attempt to bring into the Church a something bew which was the invention of mere men lince the coming of Christ. So with Infallibility. The new teaching is that the Pope is not infalli -, ble unless he speaks through a Council, or unless , the rest of the Church, or thefrest of the Bishops, 111 some way or other help him. That is the new doctrine, not taught by Christ, Hot read in the Scripture, not handed down by the Apostles, not dreamed of in earlier times. And it is of this attempt to teach new things that we hope the Pope in Council will free the Church for over, so that the Church may henceforth be at Hit. 'But how comes it that: new things are taught?' God permits error and doubt in some parts of the church, or some members of the Church, that so by the error and by the doubt the truth luay be made clear. By the doubt which St. Thomas felt about the Resurrection, we were taught more certainly that Our Lord rose from the dead, ia the selfsame body, with the same five wounds. Had the Apostle not doubted, we i tnight not have known the truth so clearly. When he did bo doubt, Our Lord detined the truth more clearly, let him thrust finger into His wounded hands, and hand into His wounded Blae, ana so gave peace to tne body of the Apostles and took away for ever the doubt Which parted them. The doctrine of St. Thomas, that Our Lord had not riaen, was the bew doctrine, and Our Lord drove it away for *ver. So again, God permitted Borne Christians, through their own fault indeed, but still by God's permission, to doubt whether Christiana Wight not to keep the Jewish law. That they Ought to keep it was the new doctrine ; Christ bad not so taught His Apostles, but God per touted the doubt to arise, and the new doc brine j to be taught, that so the true old doctrine might 9« made more clear, and that men's minds blight, by the disturbance of the question, be tbore fully arouaed to know the truth ; and that fclso they might see and feel that God the Holy Ghost had a work to do on earth, and was doing 1, and was keeping the Church and dwelling in It, as He had dwelt in Our BlesBed Lord Him feftlf. So the doubt of the early converts did for tbo Faith what the doubt of St. Thomas did, SlndlSfc. Peter, when ho taught in the first CouncU ' that the JewiBh law did not bind, taught no hew truth, but did for the old truth what Our Lord did when Ho showed His wounded tleah to St. Thomas, taught the truth more clearly and Icrtainly, and so restored to th« Church its toroper peace and rest. So, still afterwards, fUubts ar«se about this doctiine and ahoit tint, knd men are permitted to teach new things, or to try to teach new things, that so the old things bright be made more clear. Men taught in iAifferent ways that Christ was a -t true God, or frtt truo Man, or did not truly die,, or was not truly, born of Mary, or, being man, yefc was not perfect man, and had not true human heart nor ; true man's feeling for His fellowmen ; and when each time came the doubt, came alao each time the clearness, and men'a minds were stirred to know and love the truth, and have devotion to it and cling to it, and to feel moreover and see that though a thousand years had passed or j fifteen hundred yeara, or eignteen nunarea yean, since Christ went up to Heaven, yet that still the Holy Ghost had His work to do on earth, and still was doing it ; and that the Church of God was a living thing of which the Holy Spirit is the soul, making it grow day by day, joining it limb to limb, in a more perfect oneness, and hniidinff it uo into a truer and still truer like ness of that Body of Christ which flashed from the tomb on Easter morning perfect Unity and unclouded Light. 'Explain to me more clearly how the doubts and new doctrines came.' Something in this way. From the gist, Catholics had always believed that Mary was free from sin. Sin and Mary had nothing to do with each other. Men believed it, and praised God for it, and loved the Creature who was sin looa and f.hn Saviour who keot her sinless. But it was not the truth that in earlier times they were thinking the most deeply about, because no one questioned it, all believed it as a matter of course, and men's minds were fully taken up with fighting against new doctrines on other matters, such as Our Lord's nature as God, or His nature as Man. Bat by- and-by when other thingB were settled, busy minds in this or that ? i_ _ t it. _ /**! L „? U_T. 1.1* ns*A Vial M«-v iMivin a nrViiAn pare oi one uaurcu, tiuwc uuay umui nmvu must always be turning round like a wheel upon some question or the other, began to say: 'Of course we always believed that Mary was sinless ; but, there are two sorts of sin, the sin we do ourselves, and the sin which Adam did fer us, and of which we all have our shame. Now, it is quite certain that Mary did no sin of her own ; but, as she was Adam's daughter, is it so certain that she had not the same share as thereat of us in Adam's sin ?' And, when busy minds so baught, the Church, whieh is patient as God is patient, and slow in its providence, so to speak, as God is slow, and which knows that the truth is most fully shown by fullest search, and that so long as men argue without pride argument is good, permitted the doubt to be fally searched into, until it became so clear, that all men of their own selves came to her, and begged her to be patient no more, and to suffer the new doc trine nob even to be whispered longer, and so Pope Pius crowaed the patience of the Church at last, and made the old, old truth of Mary's anotlessness so clear that never more to the world's end the doubt should be even possible. And so with Infallibility ; all Catholics from the first believed that the Bishop of Rome, through whom St. Peter speaks by his Master's power to the world's end, could make no blunder about his Master's truth. Men believed it as a matter of course ; what Rome taught, they taught ; and as little dreamed parting irom ilome as tne lamos wouia think of flinging themselves from their head. Yet, it was not the truth on which they spoke, and thought, and wrote most deeply ; they were battling about other things, busy with holding the faith against persecutors, fighting for the truth of the One God, of the Three Persona, an xious about Christ's re&l; Godhead, or His real Manhood, about His real birth, or His real death, and it never came to them to question whether Rome could blunder by itself, but could not blun der in a Council. Rome was always right, of that much they were sure, and he who was on Rome's side waa right ; but nicer questions about how and when Rome might by possibility be wrong, they were far too buBy with «rushing bold, bad errors, to think of such as these. Bat by-and by, when the bold, bad errors were gone, leaving for ever more nothing but their shadows behind them, i then those strange unsleeping reason**, which j will have ifc that fchnnt/hfc in hatter than love. I began again their questionings, saying : — '6 ? yeB, of course the Pope cannot err, thus much i we have all believed from the first, but there | »re two ways in which he cannot err ; he and ] the rest of the Church, when they are altogether j then he cannot err ; but whea he is by himself and the rest of the Church not with him, then he may err.' And the Church, long suffering in its imitation ot uod, being lull ot the Spirit ; of God, has borne with those who taught this j new thing, and been very patient, and lot men j argue and think and act, until the matter has ; become quite clear, and all Catholics have come of themselves to ask the Holy Father whether the time has not come at which patience has j doue its perfect work ; and whether it would not be for the peace of the Church, and the con version of unbelievers that no more, even the shadow of the new doctrine should cast a gloom over the Church. I have said enough. You will see that new definitions are the making clear of old doctrineB, ;he end of the Church's patience with new teachings. May I add one thing more? Be tween the two docbrines of the Immaculate Conception and the Infallibility of the Pope there is a strange likeness. Against both the cry of the world is of the same sort : if von make M.»ry sinless, you make her a God ; if you make the Pope errorless, you make him a God. A.nd to the two cries the answer is the same ; God has become Perfect Man, and, being Perfect Man, with a man's love, H-j gave to His Mother the perfect holiness that v\as possible to the Creature, and to His Vicar the perfect truth that waa needed for His Church. Pope Pius the Ninth will have closed the two last questions about God's real and perfect Manhood. 