ORDINATION 8HRVTCB AT THIÏ OON GREGATIONiL OHÜRCU, WUARF STBEUT, BRISBANE. Ii «ill he in the recollection bf many of our reader' that about eight months ago the Rot. T. Jenkyn prooeeded to Rockhampton, mn 1er thc auspices or the Queen6laffd"Congrégál¡onalT5ush Missionary Society, to take the oversight of the Congregational Church iu that town ; and aleo to undertake an extensive visitation of the dis- trict immediately surrounding it ; ai well as u p medical ministration to the set tiers-residing in the intermediate districts between Rockhampton and the Peak Downs ¡ and, if practicable, a still wider field. At that time, it was .confidently expected that a colleague to assist him in this work would be sent/rom. Englands : but some months having elapsed without this expedition being fulfilled, application wat tn-ide to Sydney and Melbourne, in hope or obtaining help (rom that quarter. This- application hat been suc- cessful, and on Tuesday evening Mr. B. Scho- field, who has completed a five years' course of study at Melbourne, was publicly ordained to the work of the Ministry, and will immediitely Íiroceed to Rockhampton to commence his abours. , There was a large attendance at the church to witness this interesting eervioe. This was commenced with singing, after which the Rev.' JT. C. Kirby, of Dalby, ri ad portions of Scrip- ture, which be explained bal been selected with a view to «how the warnntry of Holy Scripture for the proceedings of that evening, and then he offered prayer. The Bev. Hr. Savage, of South Brisbane, then gave an interesting account of the origin of his bush mission, and described the field of labour. This, at first, will be principally in the district between Rockhampton, Clermont, and Copperfield i the Bev. Ur. Jenkyn and Mr. Schofield alternately remaining in town, while the other will take a two or three months' tour, ciUing at every bouse, and holding services wherever it may be practicable. Mr. Savage, in the course of his remarks, alluded to the great destitution of settlers iu the btiBh with respect to religious ordinance*, stating that while in Brisbane there was one clergyman for about every SOO persons, there were nearly 30,000 people in the outlying districts of the colony for whom no regular religious services were pro- vided. The Ber. E. Griffith then put the usual questions to the candidate for ordination, end tho replies which were elicited from him were very satisfactory. Mr. Schofield gave the most abundant proof of the disinterestedness with which be had con- sented to undortako the work of a minister; «poke of the influence which a well ordered home and Christian parents bad thrown around his early life; alluded in the most feeling manner to the faithful cou) sela Of a devoted minister, by whose advice ne had been per- suaded to become ft student for the ministry, end concluded with a very «lear, intelligible, and scriptural statement in reference to his doctrinal views, and the manner in wliiih be proposed to exercise tho office to which he felt lie had been called by a higher authority than any which man can give. The ordination prayer was theh offered by tho Bev. William Draper, of Goodna. This was accompanied with the imposition of hands, by all the ministers. The Ber. E. Griffith then delivered the charge to the newly-ordained minister, grounding his. remarks upon the fourth chapter of the Second UJpistle to Timothy, verse 2:-" Preach the .^-*^Vy be instant tn season,out of season,re *p\W<Y rebuke, exhort with all long suffering, and doctrine." It will be impossible even to give an epitome of. the excellent discourse which was preached upon this suitable text. The nv. gentleman, at tua outset, said " they were rot met this evening to appoint to the ministry, this must come from God.'1 He alluded to the probability that in the discharge of his duties Mr. Schofield might feel discouraged by the email o umbers to whom he might be called to preach, but he reminded bim that one of the most successful of Christ's efforts was directed to the instructions of on'y one person, the woman at the well of Samaria. The young minister was directed to preach the word itself i to quote largely from Scripture exactly the very letter of the word ; to let his preaching be sustained by bis life, speaking the truth out of the fulness of tile heart. Then the exhortation was given to preach earnestly, as Paul, Peter, and the rest or the apostles. How to do this formed the sccoud part of the discourse. In some very practical remarks Mr. Orifliili im- pressed on Iiis young brother the nejexiryol holding up Christ eg the Word of God | to ptoí claim Dis divinity, saltation, justiOention, ¿na redemption through Him alone | His eternity end immulability, and tbe necessity for the application of the truth bv the Holy Ghost. The charge was conoluded with en earnest appeal to Mr. Schofield to be faithful in the discharge of this snored work, and to rest entirely on the Divina promise, that success «HI also follow all such labour. fhe service was concluded with einging and tho benediction. We are quite eure tliat the Ber. Mr. Schodeld will enter upon his work with the hearty sympathy of all who kuow libw necessary such work is in Queensland, and we sincerely wish'that he may enjoy much and long-continued health, and great success. Communicated. 