A Trance. f' A Soul's parting,' in All the Year Round.) At length one evening Charles was aroused from dozing by a noise in his room. On looking round he found that tbe sound came from Sceur Theresa, who was weeping violently. Then tbe ; truth at once flashed on him tbat Clara was dead. Yes ; why bide it from bim ? Her spirit, while he slept unconscious of his loss, bad died away like a sweet strain of musio. Tbe night was far advanced when Charles Temple awoke from; ibe uneasy sleep into which, notwithstanding his passion of grief, or rather because ol it, physical weukness made him fall. He bad been dreaming that be wandered with his pretty wife into the Devonshire lane where first be wooed her. He thought he bad given her a white rose from his breast. She took it ; but as she was about to , place it in ; her dress a drop of blood from ber; ! heart euddeuly fell upon the snowy petals ; at, whioh be started and awoke with that sort of, vague nervousness in his mind whioh not unusually - haunts even healthy people for a few minutes; after awaking from a disturbed dream. Hardly: knowing what be exfected to see, he glanced timidly around. Saur.Thprew bad left the room,:1 as it was her custom to do when ber patient elupt ; and he could distinguish the sound of her regular heavy breathing as sbo slumbered in the next apartment. The candle which stood on a distant table flickered fitfully as though fanned by an invisible tsbroud fluttering somewhere near it ia the air. In its wavering dark light shadows orept about in the corners of tho room, iiko tbe black robes of dead SiBterB of Charity, who had returned to visit the scene of their labors during life. Outside tbe wind rose and fell in long measured sighs ; and a fow raindrops, which came down at intervals, pattered against tbo wiudow like the fingers of shivering ghosts wbo were tapping for admission. A ' strange sad fancy now seized Charles, a fancy which, considering the natural cast of the young poet's mind, the delirium from whioh his brain had so lately recovered, and his bodily weakness might well be accounted for. He assured himself tbat Clara's spirit was about to visit bim. , . A clook in the town struck the quarter, and then began its chimes to play a tune, but suddenly stopped in the middle, as though it were terrified at the sound of its own voice in the silence of the night. '* Clara, Clara, where are you ?' be murmured in his great trouble of mind. Tbe word bad bardly left bis lips when a low sigh sounded through tbe room. He started. Did tbat sigh come through the air from afar or was it sigbed close to him 1 And now there appeared npon the crimson fringe of the bed curtain, which waB slowly drawn baok, a little, transparent white band. Then a faint cry burst from Charles Temple, and a tremor ran through his frame. It was arrayed in skimmering wbite, and the form wan so light that it might have been wafted to bim on tbe midnight brerze. Tbe faco, in place of tbe bright, changeful complexion, showed the ashy grey pallor of death, and though tbe cheeks, whioh had- been round and dimpled, were hollow and sunk, the face was tbe same faoe tbat be loved bo well. There was no more sparkle of life in.' tbe eyeB whioh were turned upon him with a fixed mournful gaze, and lit with a strange unearthly lustre. On the colorless lips there rested a faint smile as of a moonbeam falling on a field of snow. That smile was the most ghastly - thing in the whole appartion.. It was as though the brilliant smiles, that used to flash on him tbe warm sunshine of mirth and. love wero reflected by unnatural light in Borne distorting mirror. For two or three minutes Charles gazed at the phantom in silenoe. A great awe, an unutterable sadness, was upon him,— a sadness not unmixed with a vague melanoholy pleasure at tbe . proof given, by this visit of her spirit to him alter death, ol her undying love. At length be Bpoke in a soft whisper, for he had half feared that the sound of bis. voice would break the spell in which he lay. ' My wife mj love, ' he said, ' you are then corns to take the last leave of me, to tell me that l am still dear to you.' 'I was just now with the angels, but they have let me come to you again,'', replied a low Voice that was like tbe voice of the old Clara heard from afar. ' You love me still Charles ?' 'Love you, my heart's first and last darling.' be rejoined iu tones -dulled by tbe strong pressure of his emotion. There are many spirits here who watoh you, although I have been away. Tbe room is full of. them,' said the same low sweet voioe. He shuddered, as well a mortal man might shudder to bear one of the novioes of heaven tell what she saw with her faculties. 'Hark I' the voice went on, while a transparent band was riised, ' the spirits talk togetaer. But there is a bright light around me. Tbe angel again takes my hand. Let me kiss you onco more upon earth, my Charles.' Then tbe spectre bent down slowly towards him ; but Bt that moment a great fear, ? overpowering - his weakened faculties of body and mind, came upon Charles Temple, and he faiuted. Scour Therese overslept herself that morning, ao tbat the sun was up before her, and was tbrowning a stream of gold through the half drawn wiudow curtains on the door of her patient's room aa she entered it. When sbe looked towards the bed she aroused herself and called ou the Virgin. Beside. Charles Temple there lay another ferm. As Boon as sbe had somewhat recovered herself, and was able to examine more closely. Soejr Therese found that it.was the . dead body of bis_wife. . She was lying with her arms around Temple, who was completely insensible, with her head resting on his broast. Many were the stories to which this strange ciroumstance gave rise among the good sisters, wbo fully believed, and indeed still say, that tho body of the heretic lady was carried ot midnight by the.Evil One to apartment of her beretio husband. Dr. Bernardine found, however; a more realistio way of- accounting for the marvel. When the sister who watched beside Mrs. Temple believed that she died, she had, really aunk into a deep traqee like sloep. To save bimBelf unnecessary, pain, tbe dsctor bad not| visited tbe supposed corpse of bis favorite. Had he done, so, be perhaps would have discovered the mistake. Clura bad. wakened from ber trance in a delirious state, and; the passing strength given by fever had enabled her- to rise. Her love for Charles being the oue remaining note of harmony ; amid the discords of the pocr girl's brain, she had gone straight into his room, whiob was not, far from her own. - Sbe entered the room while CharleB slep', and seated herself behind the ourtain of his bed, as she used to when nursing him. When be called for her she had risen, and made herself visible to bim. Her mind during her illness bad been dwelling so muob on death , und eternity tbat it was little wonder if her wandering talk was of angels and spirits. Tbe , ephemeral strength of fever bad soon given way tlie dazzling light which often precedes fainting bad come boforo her eyes. She bad sunk upon her already unconscious husbaud, folding her' wasted arms ciound him, and nestling her poor little head against tbe dear lamiliar breast. No aid had been at band to keep the flickering spark ; of life alight within ber.' and so she paseod away, to be, in tiiitb, one of the angels. , .. . , , ' J 