REMINISCENCES OP KIBK'S BAZAAR. ( To the Sporting Editor of tlm AuitrahuUm, per favor 0/ the Hamilton Spectator.) Deae Sir,— As reminiscences of the old dBys of Klrk'a Buaar appear at present to be all the go, 1 am Inclined to think that a few anecdotes connected wltn the old Hunt Club may not be uninteresting to some or your rcadersi and am only eorry that the thought has not suggested jfcclf to some more able pen, for certainly the subject would give scope enough to the veritable Nimrod (1 don't mean NlmrodM Ghost, of later days) or that prince ol story tellers, Charles Lever ; but In my own plain way will jot down a few of the scenes, as well as my memory can serve me, after the lapse of seventeen years. In those ancient days, before the Powers left their nursery, or Victoria, bad tbe honour of holding wn bin her borders Long Gordon, Mr. Mount, be, Ac. ; but when such stuff as poor Brab rurcell. J a. DochartT Tom Moodle, Kraut Stephen. Tom MIHer, Jarilffi' to., were member,, and Geo. Watson shone as master oi tlie nounafi; wnen every m*\a. on Ennrtinir hant tnetyn Friday evening on the Prahrs« PnSth, p?t paratory to an evening's ride with the naif to banbarV at Dandelion*, to jolo In HieentfrtaPumenK pfthe evenlnif aud nignt previous to the raornine' S'',^ Zbic}i- '!! i'0^ B'ofous davs commenced . daylight. Well do I now remember some of Those evenings, and the exclt-ineut occasioned on arrtvlne at the solitary inn. Die scrjimWc (hat took place for comfortable stall for some favourite huuter andwU a few for anything In the -.hape of a U™ bit fonun Mely. there were out few whocared for such a mxury and it was well for them, for beds In those day. w3e Bot ofdowD, oor ii lacy were, would the jolly spTriu that composed the party pcimit of thelrfeliowauoru men enjoying much rest therein. On arrival, fan Twas theomerof the evening, and It was not the fault o the company if the order wae not carried out. 'Twas on, then, a cloudy evening in June 'S3 «n» one standing where the Caulfleld racecourse now & might eee fathering from many directions the several members of tlic old hunt. Conspicuous anion- thm was a dapper lawyer, on a neat grey, with l,|e tiue -n his eye, accompanied by his partner, in a lavonrtS chesnut mare, and wbose merry laugh would ring 'ct the heath, causing a thrill ol joy to run through tof and a thankfulness tbat your lot was cast In JrldrX least one soul Jjjst knew do care. Thus theV mustered. In ones and twos, differently and todlffei enUy mounted- some on nags tnatwould not disgrace Melton Mowbray. olnera on more inferior catUe eyerytb ng in faet. from the accomplished Emerald to JTC'andlisbe'c eorry hack, were there tn h» .«!» When the master, with Alick Lid SfspStedhSu?.' ties, appear, forward la the word, and thedoslned« bringa us to Dunbar'a; horses put up, and bound tend towards food, and the old saw 'huncrv ?« T bnnUu- ?' Is faithfully realised. The dinner! fhMhosc days miKht not have been put on the table in Ue style of Scott'a or Menalcs'. but, to Bay the lrasto them, they were equal lo the times in/i rmiS! At. justice to his knirc iid fork. Bui ™i 'aline thiv say. requires great drinking, and fmust ron&s; the latter waa paid particular attention tot and after the several bottles of shtrry were discussed, ,nd whlfiey ihlnvZS' 'Vi1?!,™?1 ''IF'1' '' wonderful 2 ii how quick the hours flew by. The Bong the Joke, tie anecdote, went the rounds in quick sucees s on, 60 that one might euily imagine lifmself onVof the holy brethren of the 'Monks of the Screw ' whnn Lever tella us kept holiday «U tie ySrlSund A° the hou'B waxed Ute, the vacaDt plaei of a Ten- coul be noticed, who, more heedful ot alter consequent™ sought a few liounnst. and hoped therebv toenj^y1 all the more the Invigorating spurt or llic raurnllur— rain tnpe! The wi.-« schemes of mice aid m™ gang aft aglee. Bark t a crash Is heard In a verandah room. WTiafsthstf Oh, nothlnir. m« some ln\ ? t is only Jack I'aine, with a b.ltering-ram smashing \l '^JS'ldo7 *° mh)iJ Tom Mlllcr Btt 'P- At -«-i'h the deed Is done, and our worthy John I, maitwo the sltujUon— only of tlie room I m,.n ? for when Jack attempts the bed. he U assillrd by the lawyn with rueb a volley of kicks that none who have no seen tlie performance could attempt lo describe Peace in tbat quarter for a while 1« pwl.lmed wh?n from another portion come* the cry of '? Hit Ipu leprosy, it Vf On rnshlnp lo the asBlstance 'ol the siuTerer. I met the Bourke-street buioherTwm, a pU' ol water, wutaln; down Turner, while M,o-n lack wa. urapMi by Bmlth of the Cross Keys while heln hlxUirnwas eased from some of hit sjrnny by J|m Oarlon ; In faet, there was a eulng of tb.-m as lone as ibe passage, tearing away like » man; sailors ai a ship's bottnn .All tbe water la the house bring exhausted, an adjournment to the creek was proDose. and acted on ; and now, in this hot season It VaVa cooling effect to think of the shlveriDi- Vrthoseunftr* tunau» on a cold winter's ulght, while the water was poured oj them In utaa oucietfulls. ' IVnit tbe devil 1b the matter?' cries the master 'areve «tl gone mad? Here am 1 calling you for'thc last hour Meet some breakfast and your horses ready md be! hold! fci you acrubbing here at theoreek ai If It was bloiringa hot wind.' At last It came out that sorno Incarnate nend had placed cotctocfc In tbe several beds and loud and deep were the Imprecations on the de voted head of the as yet uukuotrn offender Bdl through all the row. twd'.tlll Uy undl.^bed^one Jt other, In his clothes, was taking Forty winks. When the horn souude lo mount, * rush to ibe stables Is made, and each taking his bridle and saddle seeks his stjed where he deposited him the evening before The solitary stable lamp k in great i^uUIiI^m that one could tell where to place his aaddle i but nn7 selfUh tyraot holds on to It, «d many m JbJtelo f?o mope In tbe dark for the horse's' heVd In th|° dilemma poor Tom Moodl* nought his horse, am »»£'«. «»!-e U™«!«. «ound him. he placed flrit his saddle, tcllloe me at the same time that at all events his horse got the worth of his money for that night. asbewaBat least six holes wider in the firth Uian tbe previous evening. Another call from the master ? more grumbling from poor Tom, who bavinir man afec tbe saddle, yamo next lo that Intricate piiee of toe eliaulsm, a double rein bridle. After sundry attempts at last poor Tom was about giving it up, when, to his horror, lie found out what was preventing him from placing tbe bridle in its proper position. £ stout lor &e; lantern is heard In the yardTand thf tnssirr h complained to, and requested U- put down prarllca okes. 'Here,' said Tom, 'hari 1 been tUis b»lf hoar, attempting to put the bridle on my bone and flnd out that some of the scamps have lied a stick across bis forehead ; and what 'a more cxtnordinarv though the stick la there. I cant tlod howthed_'i it's tied on.' Qnickto eoiic theraystery UieJanlero i« brought, when, horror of horrors, Instead or Tom' flneppstandlttp;hanter,lbeiiulet unoffendlne face of Dunbar'a milker looks forth, her horns adorned wllb a new bridle, and a handsouc saddle by Cowie situnc most ludicrously on nor bark, I ieca not hero describe the roars of UngMcr ihat echoed through the pUpe. Suffice It to say, the laugh was kept up till the whimper or the bounds told us tbat game was afoot, and we had other fish to fry. (To be continued some dsy.) Hamilton, February 10, lSJO. BLA.ZEH. 