v RANDWICK SPRING MEETING. Tur. A. J. C. Spring Meeting look place at Randwick on the 4th, 9th, 10th, and 11th of September, and went off in every respect satisfactorily. The weather throughout was fine, and the attendance good. The racing was characterised by good starts, and in many cases close contests. His Excellency Lord Canterbury (Governor of Victoria), who has been paying a visit to Sydney, patronised the course during the Derby Day, accompanied by his Excellency Earl Belmore, and remained until the close of the evening. The principal events of the meeting were of course the contest for the " blue ribands," the " Great Metropolitan Stakes," (he " Craven Plate," and the " Randwick Plate," but the latter was a hollow affair, the only opponent of the veteran Tim Whiffler being Mr. J. Tait's three-year-old Eyelids, which had not sufficient foot or power over the distance to put " Tim" on his mettle. The details of the running for the events mentioned are as follows: FIRST DAY. The (Australian) Derby Stakes of 30 sovereigns each, h ft for 3 years; colts, 9 st 10lb; fillies 8 st 5 lb. The second to receive 60 sovereigns out of the stakes. In trnnco'eloscd with 28 subs. One mile and a half. Mr. John Tait's b f l-'loicncciC. Stanley) .... ... 1 John Tait's b c Pyrrhus (lute Kelso) (Ashworth) 2 , V.. K. Cox's ch c Challenger (Thompson) 3 I . A. Town's br f Parasite (Carter 1 It. House's b f Vulcriu (Dennett) I I.. Uhile'sb c Argyle (Kean) 1 Thos. Rutledge's have Carwoola (Atkins) Chufle n s., b c Fitzallen (Finn) Vv at. Hogan's b c Kly (Lewis) ', ? Win. HoRan's b of Lady Clifden (Ramsey) Betting : 00 to 30 on Florence against the field ; 4 to 1 v Lady Clifden ; 5 to 4 v Pyrrhus. After a little trouble horses were got away on tolerably equal terms, when Eli, Florence, and Pyrrhus went to the front, and continued nearly abreast of each other Until (boy passed the Grand Stand the first time, Lady Clifden hanging close upon their flanks, the remainder of the horses coming in a cluster a few lengths behind, and Fitzavon last. In this order they continued round by the Rocks and past Johnny Cutts's public-house, when Eli and Florence went to the front, and at the back of the course was going neck and neck, Pyrrhus being about lengths behind, and Lady Clifden the same distance behind Fhyrrus. At this part of the race Florence drew in front, hard held, and Pyrrhus was gradually gaining on Lady Clifden. On arriving at the trainer's stand, Jimmy Ashworth gave the colt his head, and he passed the Lady at the spot usually denominated the "bushes." Ifloicnee was now leading by half-a-dozen lengths, Pyrrhus being second and Eli about a length behind, third. Lady Cluden who had held fourth place up to this point fell back beaten ; Argyle, having put on the steam, ' gained on his horses for a short distance, but was overtaken by Challenger, who being called upon by Thompson, went through the ruck and raced Pyrrhus for second place. Jimmy Ashworth however shook up the colt, and, in coming down the straight running home, it was evident to all observers that Florence bad state her own way, and that I') ships was too much for any of the lost. The result was that Patience who had never been call upon to race a yard, was brought in a winner, hard held, in the commonest of cannas six or seven lengths in front, Pyrrhus boating Challenger by a couple of lengths, Lady Clifden being fourth, and Argyle fifth, about a length dividing them. Time 2 minutes 50 seconds. SECOND DAY. The Great Metropolitan Stakes (handicap) of 20 ? sovereigns each, 5 ft., 4 if declared by 2nd August, 2 only it by 1st July (either of which must be paid when declared, otherwise they will not be declarations with 250 sovereigns added for all horses ; 2 miles ; second horse £10 sovereigns, third 20 from the prize. Entries closed with 29 subs. Mr. W. Winch's br c Creiyelon, 3 years-, 7 st 5 lbs. Jlroim),.. 1 ' E. De Mestre's b h Tim Whiffler, aged!, 9 st 12 lbs (Don ' j Kelly 2 ' G. Adam's eli o Trump Card, 5 years, U st 5 lbs Holme) 3 ' T Ivory's ch li Iivlonir, 0 years St 0 lbs (Bennett) J Tait's ch c The" Earl, 5 years, 7 st 12 lbs (Stanley) k W.Toncstei'schf Moselle, 4 years, 7 st 12 lbs (Ramsay) . ' A. Town's b m Carnation, 6 years, 7 st 3 lbs (Carter) v W. V inch's b g Little Dick, 4 years, 7 st Gib (li. Lewis) J A. Thompson's b c The Duke, 3 years, 7 st 3 lbs (Shields) . A. Thompson's b f Rosebud, 5 years, 7 st -4 lbs (SheiTinir ; ham) R J. Tuff b c Pearl, 4 years', 7st 2 lbs (Cavanagh) I Driscoll's br f Juanita, -1 years, (6 st 12 lbs (Lodge) G S. Bradbury's br f Al, 5 years, last 11 lbs (Bryant) , J E. Lee's b c Partisan, 4 years, 6 st 12 lbs (S. Davis) ( 13. De Mestre's b c Marksman, 5 years, 9 st 6 lbs (Lennon) i Cbuafie ns ch c Rawdon, 5 years, 6 st 4 lbs (White). Croydon carried 3 lbs. penalty, and Partisan 2 lbs. over- weight. Betting: 3 to 1 v. Tim Whiffler, 3 to 1 v. Croydon, 6 to 1 v. Carnation, 10 to 1 v. Juanita, 10 to 1 v. Bylong, 20 to 1 v. Duke, 25 to 1 v. Rawdon, 25 to 1 v. Partisan, 25 to 1 v Rosebud. in one attempt to start the horses, Partisan, The Pearl, and Marksman broke away, and the latter was hard to pull up. After they had been brought to the scratch again, they were got into tolerable line, and the, ring fell to a very fair start. Bylong, AL, Little Dick, Rawdon, and Marks- man rushed to the front, while the two favourites followed in the ruck behind, At the trainers'' stand Little Dick had obtained a slight lead, Marksman, Al, Carnation and the Pearl following in close order. The pace at this time was not at all fast. On turning into the straight running Marksman rushed to the front, and the order of the front division changed, Little Dick coming next, followed by the Pearl, Carnation, Al, Moselle, Croydon, Duke, The Earl, Pyrrhus, and in this order they passed the Grand Stand the first time round, Trump Card, Juanita, and Tim Whiffler bringing up the rear. On reaching the Rocks it was evident that Marksman was pumped out, and he quietly subsided. Little Dick again taking up the running closely pressed by the Pearl. At this point Tim Whiffler went upon the outside and all the horses got away close together, the Earl and Rosebud being last. At the back of the course, Little Dick and Carnation were racing about two lengths In front of the crowd neck-and-neck, and Croyden and Tim could be seen going quickly through their horses towards the front. The pace now began to mend, and, as the nags neared the Trainers' Stand, Croydon had taken up premier position, At being next, Duke next, and Tim Whiffler fourth, the remainder straggling up in the rear. At the turn into the straight, Donnelly called upon the veteran Tim, and he rushed up to Croydon, with whom he gallantly disputed first honours. A desperate race ensued, and all eyes were fixed upon the two favourites as they came thundering down the straight running. Whip and spur were plied vigorously, and after a magnificent more, Croydon won by half a length, Trump Card a good third, A fourth, Bylong fifth, and the remainder straggling in in single file Time, 3 minutes 43 6-10 seconds. i Tjintu DAY. The Craven Plate of 100 sovereigns, for 3 years and upwards ; 16 mile. Entrance, 2 sovereigns. 1 Mr! De Mestre's b h Tim Whiffler, aged, 9 st 3 lbs (Donnelly) 2 ! for roster's ch f Moselle, 4 years, 8 st 3 lbs (Ramsay) 3 Hogan's b of Lady Clifden, 3 years, 6 st 12 lbs (Bryant) ... 4 J. Tait's b c Pearl, 4 years 6 st 12 lbs (C. Stanley). ? Betting: 5 to 2 on Tim Whiffler; 5 to 2 on Lady Clif- den ; 4 to 4 on Moselle ; 4 to 4 on Pearl. An excellent start was effected, when Pearl and Tim Whiffler took up the running together, Lady Clifden being neck and neck with Moselle about a length in the rear. . At! the Rocks Lady Clifden shot past Tim and the Pearl, and at Johnny Cutts's was loading by a length, while the other three horses were all abreast of each other. At the back of the course Lady Clifden was still loading, and the other three horses gradually parting company, The going up I quickly, Moselle coming after him, and Pearl bringing up the rear. As they neared the hill there was not six yards between the first and last horses. At the Trainers' Stand Tim Whiffler was given his head, and he at once went to the front, and Lady Clifden made a rush at him but, although she passed Moselle, she could not overtake the old favourite, who, was sailing away with hands down quite at his case. whipcord and steel were brought into requisition by young Bryant on Lady Clifden, and the ' answered gamely at every stroke, but it was quite clear ; that, Tim had it all his own way, and as they entered the straight he was leading by four or five lengths. The only question was as to second place, and a desperate race ensued between. Lady Clifden and Moselle. When they were within half a distance of the finish, Moselle got her nose in front, and she took second position by about half a length, The winning with the greatest ease by five lengths ; Pearl was about four lengths in the rear of Lady, Clifden. Time, 2 minutes 17 9-10 seconds, a - FftUHTit DAY. The Randwick Plate of 200 sovereigns for 3 years and upwards. . Entrance, 5 sovereigns : 0 subscribers. Three ! riders. t . Mr. E. De Mestre's b U Tim Whiffler, aged, 16 st 2 lb (Don I finally), .... '. ... j ' . J Tait's b h.l'yrrhus, 8, yrs', 9 st 6 lbs (Cavanagh .... i , Belling : 10 to Ion, Tim "Whiffler. . < > Only two horses out of theatre entered on the race card 1 started for this > race, Tim Whiffler and Mr. Tait's colt ' Pyrrhus. Italian race very easily described: At the start' Pyrrhus went to the front, and led for the first mile and a', half, (the pace being considered slow. When they- reached ? .Iho-Roeks.tho second time, Tim was sent to the front, and be ( continued to lead to the end of the- race, winning easily ?. by fouror-ilve.lpngrbs. Although it was considered!, from ,. therefore that. Pyrrhus but scarcely the ghost of a chance, . I 'sit anemones deßed that he ran a game raevn,aml,epn-4dor». > j- leg that he is. not three years old;for.i'wo months, to come,, .,l«lhc¡pjrái4ra¡¿w¡Bbpwi¡d him to bo.niiplcnditloolfc.t Billie; . IBC mmutrB 6TC-10 seçonds,,.«^.,»^ " was jU,^ to-day, The Sydney Handicap, on the same day, WAS won by a . Rawdon, with Trump Card, second, and the Duke Third, 