MY SHIPMATES. DuRING some years of my life I was a pluralist. About the same time I entered my teens, and the various offices of cook, cabin-boy, captain's clerk, amanuensis to the entire crew, and boy-of-all-xvork on board a coasting smack. Our voyages were short. I do not remember an instance of being at sea more than three consecutive days ; so that, except when " wind-bound," we were almost always taking in or taking out cargo. The work was hard, but the food was abundant 3 and on the whole, the life, though rough, was not unpleasant. To me thinking nothing of the pecuniary aspect of the ([nest ion-the most enjoyable occasions were those which fierce contrary winds brought us, when we had to seek some harbour of' refuge. These were by no means necessarily holidays, for, if the weather were dry,, advantage was taken of the enforced leisure to give our craft a thorough cleaning, or to repair her rigging, or to make up the books. Moreover, the crew employed me to write letters to their wives from their dictation. These epistles were generally of a remarkable character, and some of them remain firmly fixed in my memory. The opening clause was that which so far as my experience went-w-as invariably employed by the labouring classes of the period : " This comes with my dear love to you, hoping it may find you in good health, as it leaves me at present ; thank God for it ! .' The foregoing labours disposed of, and foul winds still prevailing, we had a washing-day ; or, better than all, a bout of tailoring, which did not generally get beyond repairing, though occasionally the ambitious flight of making a pair of canvas trousers was attempted. Our crew consisted of the skipper, the mate, one man named George, and myself. I alone was able to lead, or unable to use tobacco. On tailoring day-:, it was understood that my clothes should be repaired for me, in order that I might read aloud for the general benefit. "We assembled in our little cabin, where the stitching and smoking went on simultaneously, and with great vigour. My poor library consisted of a Bible, the eighth volume of the Spectator, Johnson's English Dictionary, i a volume of the Weekly Miscellany, which I have some idea was published at Sherborne, the History of John Gilpin, Baron Mttnchauseti's Travels, Walking game's Arithmetic, and a book of songs. My bearers were not very fastidious, but allowed me to read pretty much what I pleased, though truth to tell, the Spectator was not a favourite ; some portions of it were held to be nonsensical and others were considered to be so lacking in truthfulness that it was generally termed the " lying hook." This ill-repute was largely due to the story of dallas (No. 578). Walkinghame was by no means unpopular. I occasionally read some of the questions, and my shipmates endeavoured to solve them mentally and as the answers were J all given by the author, I had to declare who had made the nearest guess, for it was very often but little more. Of all the questions, none excited so much interest as that which asks What will be the " cost of shoeing a horse at a farthing for the first and, two for the second, and so on in geo ' metrical progression for thirty-two nails, and which gives for the answer a sum but little short of four and a half million pounds, sterling. This was so ,' utterly unexpected that it went far to confer on "Walkinghame the same name that Fadnllnh had given to the Spectator. Occasionally, however, one of the crew would spin ' yams, oil of which were given as veritable facts which, had happened to the narrator,- within his experience, or had been related by him in perfect good faith. As every one had his budget, I will select some of the more prominent, and give them in descending order. THE SKirr-Eit AND ins YAIIXS. Our chief had spent his boyhood, from seven to seventeen years of age, as a farmer's boy. His first situation was at the farm of his uncle, and many of his stories he had picked up from his aunt, who appears to have treated him with great kindness. The parish was that of which the Rev. Jonathan Town died rector in 1785, about ten years before the boy commenced his farm career. The farm-house was very near the rectory, and the closest intimacy existed between the farmer's family and the rector's servants. It is well known that Mr. Troup, who held a prebendal stall in Exeter Cathedral, was an accurate scholar, and one of the best critics of the last century. That he was a very learned man, his parishioners 1 were fully aware ; "but, according to their views, learning was either the black art, or could be easily turned to account for or against it. Such a man was not to be trifled with. His ability to lay ghosts, to foresee future events, and to invoke judgment on offenders, was never doubted. On one occasion, it is said, he became aware, whilst in the pulpit, that a lad one of his parish- oners instead of being at church, was feloniously picking and eating gooseberries in the rectory garden. Suddenly the boy found himself incapable of motion. His finger and thumb were on a fine berry, which they could not pluck, and his legs refused to take him from the spot. He lay, perforce, under the bush until the service ended, the parson, on passing near him, shouted, " Begone, you wretch !" At once his lost powers were restore it, and he took himself off instantly. On one occasion this Divine left home on horseback, intending to be absent for some weeks. Scarcely was he off the premises, when his housekeeper and her gossip, the farmer's wife, repaired to his study for the purpose of turning over the leaves of a volume which had the reputation of being the most magical book which he possessed. Whilst , intent on gratifying their eager curiosity, they heard a horse gallop up to the door, and in a moment the rector, dashing into the room, placed his hand on the opened page, which he eagerly glanced at, and then exclaimed: "I thought so! If I had not come, you would in another moment have raised the devil, and I should like to know what you would have done with him ! Leave the room at once." The terrified women needed no second bidding, nor was the library ever again invaded. If subsequently transpired that whilst Mr. Toup was quietly pursuing his journey, his horse stopped at a spring to drink, and having refreshed himself, gallopers of his own accord back to shortening 1 he credit of the affair seems to be his to the street rather than to thunder It should be elected, however, that the latter had no hills city vh River in interpreting the conduct of his best A butcher from the neighbouring town was one day employ i el to kill a pig at the parsonage and whilst instituted in his work had the misfortune) to the el Jh loop, nevertheless, he remained at the home until the evening, when he proceeded to watch his home, youth, however, he did not reach that night His friends, alarmed at his time he, went in search on him early the next n 01 inner, when they found him lying on the 10 rd, st cteh'cbS and incapable of motion On being of been home and put to bed, he recovered his speech, mel made the following statement On roath mi, a point in his journey homeward where the soil bifurcated, he hesitated which lane to take, as one noted him just as well as the other Ileobscucd, however, that the more direct line was filled with things of life, hence he turned to take the other, when, to his ability, he found this was in the same condition Clearly, nothing was left him but to return to the rectory, but the load back was also on lue Beyond this, he remembered nothing, if he lost his senses After lingering a day or two, the VM wretched man died and his late became a warning to all men not to offend the person Air Force had a great reputation as a ghost River His process seems to have been that of hunting the perturbed spirits be compelled them to assume the form of homes, and then, armed with a stout whip, he pursued them on horseback, unaccompanied by any dogs Wit Wilbhmun, one of his parishioners, who was addicted to smuggling, once told our skipper that he was out one night quietly taking a couple of kegs of brandy on his donkey to one of his customers About midnight, he heard the sounds of a v silently cracking whips and a rapidly galloping horse The phenomena were by no means new to him he ) new it was " the parson putting away a spirit ' Believing the hunt to be on the same land with himself, and not far behind him, he lost no time in removing with his donkey to the shelter of a friendly thicket on one side of the lane, where he was effectually protected from ordinary eyes He had scarcely bestow ed himself and his goods, when he saw a huge hare, i " with eyes as large as saucers, ' come to the entrance and look in Immediately a crack of the whip compelled the poor wretch to resume its journey, and in very few minutes the parson galloped to the spot, and shouted Who as there 5 No answer being given, he repeated the demand in a voice that convinced the smuggler that silence was useless Ac cording he replied " "Wilshmnn, sa ' "And pi iv), Mr Welshman, what are you doing here at this time of night ' Nothing, So ' ' If I catch you at midnight again, "Mr AVilshman, 7 11 play the very devil with jon This haul, he rode of), flicking his whip with great violence One of mu captain fe fellow serv ants being anxious to ascertain whether she was to be married, and if so to see her future husband resorted to the dangerous experimental " saving hemp seed, which she performed in the following manner Just before the midnight youth closed St John s I've she went alone, and without the knowledge of anyone, into the farm j area, met opened the door leading out of it. As the clock struck twelve she walked three times round the ducks pond, continuously scattering or sowing lump head, and repeating came in with round the lulu win, ; 11)111111111011 Hemp Seed 1 sow it nip Ried I row I to Inn) who will not want 1 i In I emit after me and now No s( can bid the last word escaped her than she he in a horse galloping rapidly towards the house, and i t her li on it the fool got the better of her ear nsitj-she ii It unequal to the interview but retained sufficient piChCiiet of mind to shut the door she had put open Jins she achieved Imielv in time for in a moment after the spirited her home husband on horseback, and timed with a scythe, reached it had it been open, he would have entered the wall mel, obtains her Missions to come after her, and soon, would have undoubtedly cut her in two He Josep was not the one distinguished lives of ghosts in the district. The vicar in the neigh boring parish, whose name was Doidge, had immense power over spirits , but he trusted neither to stout whips nor to horse s legs. His weapons were later and strong faith the effect of faithfully scrutinising a ghost appears to have been to cause it gradually to diminish in size and power, and ultimately to become virtually nothing In last, the ghost was annihilated, not laid One day, Air JJoidge, having undertaken to lay two ghosts, was obliged to fall in the aid of his curate, who was equal to the vicar m Train, but miserably inferior to him with the first spirit was very powerful and malignant, but he was summoned by the clergyman to appear in the parish church and thither he came Mr Doidge operated on him, and having succeeded in "works g him down to the size of a bee, said to his colleague You know I have another ghost to day to day I should think you would finish this one now " O yes, was the response "lean manage him easily enough Bon t stay another moment, I be- seech you No sooner, however, was the vital gone, than the spirit hardly taxed the crate with lack of faith, and the courage of the latter instantly evaporated lins the ghost was neither slow to pertinence to profit by His size increased every moment, and at length he was sufficiently powerful to venture on attacking the priest, whom, after a severe struggle, he succeeded in throwing Having got him on the floor, he held him there but, instead of taking his life at once, he amused himself, and shoved his contempt for his weak opponent by taking the buttons off his coat intending to kill him as soon is he had removed the first One after another they w out, the last was almost gone The curate, well as one of the arrangement the ghost had made for his own son duet, had given up all hopes, when Doidge burst into the chin eli, having become aware of the state of things there. The spirit felt his influence at once, and exclaimed, " Nov Doidge is come, I must be gone He was speedily reduced again to the fire of a bee, and finally disappeared, never to trouble the world again The fame of his achieve- ment long outlived the faithful vicar Until a very recent period, it was usual in the district which had formerly known his power, to say, when a command of an opinion was given by one whose authority was not to be disputed "Now Doidge is come, I must be gone Our skipper had no doubt whatever that ghosts sometimes appealed, and he held that they were sometimes sent in answer to prayer Indeed, his firm belief that he had seen his father s spirit altered the whole course of his life Shortly after completing his fifteenth year, he had become weary of the life of a farm labourer, and was thinking of going to sea When he was sixteen, his father, who was a sailor, was drowned almost within sight of his home The effect on the boy was to make him pause and on his friends, to urge him to give up the idea for some months these influences kept him quiet, but at length his restlessness returned so strongly, that hevoildhave gone to sea at once, had he felt satisfied that his father would have approved the step To ascertain this point, he play ed frequently and earnestly that his Fathers spirit might be allowed to appeal to him, with a pleasing or frowning aspect, according as he might approve or disapprove At length he believed his prayer to have been answered, and that when in the held ploughing he saw his father, who passed by, looking intently and smilingly at him This decided him He became a sailor it sev enter, and as such died at a good old age there is no difficulty, of course in explaining this case, but from a knowledge of our captain character, I have no doubt that had the person vi horn he supposed to be his father's spirit worn anunpleasing aspect, the boy would never have gone to sea Tlir MATE AM) HIS lAltXfe The mates life had been one of considerable adventure Almost from his infancy he had been a Bmug giver, and to the excitements of that career he had occasionally, added those of a privateer He had an unconquerable aversion to the royal navy, as was manifested by the following incident The smuggling cutter to which he belonged was chased by a frigate, and just before sunset was over taken near the Scilly Isles Though a part of her contraband cargo had been disposed of, sufficient remained on board to condemn her. She was accordingly madeipnreof, her crew were transferred to the state, from which prize crew was sent, with orders to take the cutter to Plymouth During the great French war, it was usual for trading and smuggling vessels to have concealed berths, in which to secrete such members of the crew is were liable to be taken in the event of a visit of a press-gang When he saw that the cutter must be captured and condemned, our mate retired to one of these concealed berths, but, in his hurry, left part of his dress projecting, so that the sliding panel was not completely closed After parting with the frigate, some members of the prize crew proceeded to investigate the cutter, in the hope of meeting with articles of dress or other wait's which they might appropriate. One of them catching sight of the 'projecting portion chess just mentioned, took hold of it, and, by tugging, opened the panel, exclaiming as he did so : "Here's a pair of blue trousers." - . "Yes," paid their proprietor and here's a man to wear them." He was at once taken to the prize-master, or lieutenant in charge, who received him kindly expressed his regret that he was unwilling to serve the king, but added that, since he was not willing, he could not be blamed for concealing himself in the hope of escaping. He then said: "You know the cutter better than I do. Come below, and help me to get a glass of grog." Whilst in the cabin together, a message was sent to the officer to the effect that there was a light ahead, which they were nearing rapidly. He replied : " It is the frigate, probably. Keep under her lee." Very soon after, a second messenger came down, who said "It doesn't look like a ship's light, sir. We are getting very near it. I wish you'd come on deck." " What nonsense!" said he; "it must be the ship." Then turning to the smuggler, he said " Come on deck, my man I must put you on board the frigate next." When arrived on deck, he was satisfied it was not a ship's light, but did not know what light it was. The captured man at once said " It is the Longship's light-house. We shall be on the rocks in five minutes unless you put about at once." " For God's sake, take the helm, if you know the coast," said the officer. " We are none of us well acquainted with it." "I knew every rock and creek between this and Plymouth," was the reply ; " and I will take charge, if you will promise on your honour to set me ashore perfectly free before you report the prize at Plymouth ; but if you will not, we all go to the bottom together." " On my honour, I'll do so." " Then stand by. About ship ; hard lee !" shouted the smuggler and the cutter, almost within the breakers, answered her helm in a moment, as he well knew she would. For a time, all was breath- less suspense, which was not relieved until the pilot, as he may now be called, relinquished the helm to him from whom he had taken it, remark- ing as he did so, " You may keep her full, as we are all safe for the present." Then, taking the prize master to the cabin, he pointed out on the chart the Bundle Stone, the Wolf Rock, and other dangers near the Land's End, as well as the Stags off the Lizard Point; and stated that he would undertake to pilot the craft to Penlee Point, at the entrance of Plymouth Sound, on the understanding that he was set ashore there. This was at once agreed to, and was duly carried into effect early the next morning. This was by no means his only narrow escape of becoming a man-of-war's man. During the last seven years of the great war, he seven times fell into the clutches of the press- gang. On each of these occasions, he was taken on board a sea-going ship, and his name was entered on her books ; but in no more than one instance, when he was taken to the West Indies, did his enforced service extend beyond a very few days, as in every other case he succeeded in "running" very soon after being captured, as he ultimately did from his West Indian ship also. On returning from this foreign cruise, his ship was ordered to the Cove of Cork, now Queenstown and a day or two after arriving there, a boat's crew, of which he was one, were sent, under charge of a midshipman, to Haulbowliiig Island, to make spunyarn. Whilst engaged in their work, they all agreed " to run, and not to return to the ship. The following was their programme. On finishing their work, and getting into their boat, the coxswain was to ask the midshipman to allow them to go to Cove to get "something to drink." If he consented, well ; but if not, they were nevertheless to go. In any case, they were " to run " the moment they reached the shore, and, if possible, all in different directions. They were so fortunate as to get a reluctant consent from the officer to go to Cove, and on touching the strand, they simultaneously looped ashore and lied. Our mate and another man took the same direction, the former having a good start ahead and to them the midshipman gave chase. Just as our fugitive turned a sharp corner of the street, he passed a young woman, who had seen and at once comprehended the affair. Her house happened to be the first round the corner, and as he was passing the open doorway, she pushed him in, followed him, and immediately secured the door. Thinking it possible that she had been observed, and that her house would be searched in consequence, she hurried her involun 1 tory guest to a bedroom, took the bed and bed- clothes off the bedstead, bade him lie on his face on the sacking with his nose and mouth in an aperture between the lacing, and then replaced the bed and bed-clothes in short, she " made up " the bed on him. In the course of the day her suspicions were realised. The house was thoroughly searched by a party of marines from the ship, who not only looked under the bed where the fugitive lay, but crept under it, examining the floor for trap-doors. On the following day, they came again, and made a similar search, but never thought of examining the bed itself, and hence failed to find their man. Whilst lying there secreted, his generous hostess fed him through the aperture his nose and mouth occupied. He remained a prisoner in her house for ten days, when the ship having sailed, she secured him an opportunity of working his passage to England in a vessel proceeding thither. Before leaving, he had to inform her that it was utterly out of his power to make her any remuneration, as the clothes he wore were his only property: and he asked what had induced her to show such great kindness to an entire stranger. She replied that her only brother, a sailor, had been impressed, XTBS serving against his will on board a ship of war, and would certainly take the first opportunity of running. Hence her sympathy with him. She expected no recompense, but hoped that some one would be ready, if necessary, to do for her brother what she had done for him. GEORGE AND HIS YARNS. George was a man having an experience utterly unlike that of either the captain or the mate. He was the son of a well-connected father, who, having failed to make proper use of the opportunities put in his way, had remained a poor, but by no means respectable relation. To add to his sins of commission and of omission, he taught his only child to love strong drink, and to have his 1 wealthy relatives and he allowed the streets and quays to complete his education. To the end of his life his son was ignorant of the alphabet. George's early seafaring career was in merchant ; vessels, in none of which does he appear to have remained long. The last of the series was a large brig belonging to merchants in the north of England, and bound to some foreign port. Not long after they had got clear of the Channel, one of the crew sickened and died. He was followed by another and another, until the captain, George, and a boy alone remained. Before reaching this very alarming condition, the ship's head had, of course, been turned towards England, and some progress had been made thitherward. One evening the weather being moderate, the captain said " George, I will lie down on the locker for an hour or two. Call me at 10 o'clock, and then you can have a spell below." At the appointed hour, George went to call him, leaving the boy at the helm ; but seeing by the light he carried a too well-known expression on his face, he felt convinced that the disease had seized him, and he stood a short time watching him. As he did so, he heard him say, "Lie closer to me, my dear Peggy ; " and with his wife's name on his lips he died, leaving the brig in the hands of a young man and a boy, both ignorant not only of navigation, but of the mere art of reading. At this part of his tale I have seen my old shipmate, who had subsequently faced death in many forms, so overcome with emotion as to be utterly unable to proceed for some time. For a few days the weather continued moderate, and they kept on the course which they had been steering at the captain's decease. At length it began to blow heavily about sunset, and they attempted to reef the fore-and-aft mainsail ; but whilst thus engaged, the main boom struck George so heavily as to prostrate him. He lay)- for some time on the deck in an unconscious state, from which he awoke to find the brig driving before the wind, and the boy standing by him crying bitterly. He brought her back to her course, but she had too much canvas spread ; before morning, however, some of the sails were blown from their ropes. Where they were, they had no idea ; nor had they any hope of being seen by a passing ship, for the gale, having blown itself out, was succeeded by a dense fog. The only thing they could do was to steer in the direction in which they supposed England lay. At length the fog cleared off, and they were delighted to find themselves not far from land- land, too, with which George was well acquainted. He found they had come up Channel, and were abreast of the Start Point. A few hours enabled him to sail into Dartmouth habour wïïs which hcxMisf mull u, where without delay), he handed the vessel and box over to the care of the authorities and made a statement before the Migistn es of all that happened This d mc, he started for Plymouth and, being sick of the merchant service, entered or? board a ship of war, which in a few days, plan for. a. foreign station for many years he remained a ton in r i Alley men. and was at length ' invalided on a pension the amount of which brings out his helm after pro' inducing) When the admins, before whom he had to appear in order to obtain his eyes bare, til him that he was to receive twenty p minis A year in consider action of his lone, s i vices 3rd of the wounds he had received they asked where and how it should be mule p able HQ replied that he should wish to receive it at his native place, which he named, and in quarterly payments, and added " Your honour WA) see that I must drink the knife s health when I receive my moderating is I should not wish to a li to _ -> the five pound note, perhaps you will let me have an extra; shilling each quarter ' Uns suggesting at once loyal and prudent, met the cordial approval of the, court, and the additional shilling a (quarter was secured to him His wife, however, has often told me that it was the shilling which in many cases he did not change, but carefully brought to her, after the five pounds had been expended in drinking his arrest) s health During his long service in the royal navy, he visited many foreign stations- the Mediterranean, the Cape of Good Hope, both the Indies, and Madagascar and the neighbouring islands Q appeared to have availed himself of every opportunity of visiting noteworthy and famous localities and objects, and he often gave minute descrip. tions of Gibraltar, Malta, Bombay, the Cave of I elephants, the Isle of France, and Madagascar, as well as of the strange animals he had seen One of the latter secured for him a nickname, by which he was better known than by that given him at the front 'The animal which he chiefly delighted to describe was one of the fl) ing squirrels, which he, however, always called a " fixing for ' the idea of a for having the power of flight was so much too large for his customer) auditors, that they utterly rejected it, and to mark their estimation of the tale, called scores "01dri)ing-fo\" With a literary shipmate, who had read the story several times, he had made a study of all the localities in the Isle of France connected with St Pierre s tale of Paul and Virginia The same crony had often read him the Paradise Lost, a id George, whilst tailoring, should sketch the outline of the poem, concluding with the invariable remark that it was a very deep book " Indeed, he regarded it as the exclusive protege of the most talented and learned men fall) to comprehend it My) first acquaintance with the character of thew works just named was made through the oral descrip house of m) shipmate, and when I subsequently TeaiJ them, I was greatly surprised to find how faithfully sketches were His pension was clogged with no other condition than that he should not ship on board vessels trading to foreign ports, thus leaving him at full liberty to form part of a coasting crew is accordingly soon after his discharge shipped on board a collier belonging to his native port, and thus became acquainted with a young seen at girl in his captains; house, with whom he fell in love the affair Was discouraged by the captain's wife, partly on account of the great disparity in age, and partly because of the swam a great love of drink Georges yarns and pension, however, had proved too much for; the year to withstand, and she give her consent In short, the wedding day was fixed, the marriage feast was ordered, and the guests were bidden; when there seemed a probability that the whole scheme would be blighted, as the car tun s wife insisted that her husband should sail tm Newport, and take G coi go with him the day before the fixed for the nuptials Accordingly, the smack had left her moorings, and was staring out of the harbour with her lower sails sets, when George was ordered to loose the gaff-topsail He promptly obeyed , but, as he went aloft, he called out-' Commodore ' (his invariable substitute for captain ), " I shall marry Temi) to-morrow " Have you sent her to Newport, then - ' No. I am going ashore next " Not on, You old fool There is no boat for you ' "But I can swim ' " I should like to see you at it " Having cast loose the topsail, he called out from the cross trees on which he stood " Commodore, here goes, and suiting the action to the word, h. leaped into the sea, swam ashore, and was marred next day, as he had arranged His favourite sex or age was beer, of which he could carry off enormous quantities without, as he phrased it, " losing his reckoning " Indeed, I only once knew him utterly incapable of taking care of him, self he was very garrulous, but never quarrelsome when tips) At one well known stage in his inebriation, he became religious, would talk much and with great admiration of the labours of the well-known Boatswain Smith, and quote Scripture largely Propped against the bulwarks, he would hold forth at great length, and certainly not cease without repeating the text, " He brought me up rise out of an bombie put, out of the miry clay, and set my feet upon a rock, and established my going On pronouncing the last words, he would commence an illustrative march, and usually gave evidence that his songs were not very firmly established I once witnessed an amusing conflict between the poor fellows respect for his " promise and his love of drink One of our crew had been rescued from drowning by) an innkeeper, at whose house our skippers) way) of shewing his gratitude, gave a supper to the crew, the lands!, and few friends George, on being invited, stated that he would gladly be of the past), but that, on account, of a quarrel with the innkeeper, he had made a promise ' never to drink again in his house This was met with the remark that the promise did not extend to Cairns, and that he should be left at perfect liberty to drink or not as he pleased On this understanding he came As may be supposed, he was a good deal damaged , but this he managed to beat with great firmness and good temper At length, "however, it was unluckily suggested by some one that there was nothing in his promise to prevent him from taking a glass of beer outside the house and drinking it there At this compromise, he caught caged) and marched gravely to the door every few minutes, drunk his beer, and then resumed his seat At length, the captain argued that if he put his head out at the window of the room and took his draught, his " promise would be by no means broken, as he certainly would not be " drinking in the house George, aided by the potations he had already taken, was convinced by this logic, and at once acted on the suggestion At length, the innkeeper, desirous of reconciliation, thus addressed him - George, my. bo),Iamxei) son) that there was over any misunderstanding between us there's in) hand, and here's my) heart, and I love you like a brother. Don't take the trouble to put your head out of the window any longer If you must do something of the kind, here is a large corner cupboard with nothing in it , put x our head into that and drink The speech and suggestion was carried by the party, and the landlord was declared to have behaved like a man George seized the proffered hand, informed the innkeeper that he bore a strong resemblance to Boatswain Smith, and then proceeded to go seriously) through the face of keeping his promise in the manner just pre seemed to spend a day in "tailoring was held to be a virtue of no common rank and to be entitled to a reward For this purpose, it was usual for the entire crew to repair in the evening to some favourite inn for a pint or two of beer and a song. Our skipper sang well, and was acknowledged to be great in " Mary's Dream" and " Tom Bowling He had not a very large stock of songs, but there were two others which he gave on great occasions, such as the presence of other singers of repute, and who, by staging the "Crippled war," or "Cease, rude Boreas,' rendered it necessary for him to bring forth his best xv arms These were " Said Plato, Why should Man be Vam " and tobacco is an Indian Weed This last was a great favourite with sailors I have frequently heard them bestow on it the high press? that it was " fit to be sung in a church " Many ) years have passed since I abandoned a seafaring life, My shipmates are all dead They were as fine beames as ever trod a ship's deck, and, with their yarns, are very pleasantly in my) memory 'the story that an inventor has discovered a process by which a dead body can be printed mair horn as hard as a stone, suggests to a was that he ought to accompany) our troops on the frontier, where he could drive a lively business at petrifying Indians and selling them for tobacco signs Uuc the) wouldn't answer, for those accustomed to the orthodox wooden tobacco Indian would not have the least idea what the petrifactions were- The .WWrff« 