The intrepidity with which the Go vernment of N ow Zealand have brought to a successful issue thoir negotiations for a postal treaty, with the United States should be a lesson to us Vic torians. Truth to tell, we have a bad reputation in the neighboring colonies. Instead of being looked up to as a leader in the march of progi-eas, Victoria is regarded as being selfishly indifferent to everything calculated to advance the interests of the Australian group of communities aa a whole. If a confer ence ia held in Melbourne, wo aro severely polite to the delegates from the other colonies, and feel a relief when rTmv nvo ennn. 'With tlinir -wifc t.lin business ends. There is no display of earnestness in a common cause, and our visitors retire with tho impression that the few words of good-will which we are so complaisant as to utter are not meant. This is an error ; but al though thero is nothing at the timo to warrant tho imputation of insincerity, it must be confessed that there are no results. Tlio blossoms are real, but they, do not fructify. It was Victoria's character for immovability that kept New Zealand away from the last conference. At tho first, an attempt was made to make a fair division of the responsibilities in tlio matter of the various mail services. Victoria had always shown a disposition to have nothing to do with the Panama route, although thero was a con siderable trade with tho American ports in tho Pacific. A resolution in favor of the Cape route was passed, but nothing more was done, there being a tacit understanding that to '\7*Trtf#M'io lininr* rwiii t.lio vpwnnnaiHlllfcv of organising the service. Then fol lowed a dispute between the Govern ments of New South Wales and Victoria about the terminus of the Suez and Galle service in Australia, a dispute which could only be settled by the completion of the Williamstown graving dock. This was followed by a sudden display of enthusiasm on the part of Victoria in favor of the Cape route, and the ques tion was actually made an issuo at the general election. The deadlock; was then at its crisis, and nothing else was thought of for some months. After tho . storm waa over, the Posmaster General was questioned as to wnat the Ministry intended to do ; but ho tem porised, on the. plea that ho had not sufficient information to guide 'him. With the view of obtaining' that de: Bideratum, tenders were at the be ginning of nsxt year invited, and Mr. Verdon was instructed to make in quiries in England. If he acted upon this requisition, the information he supplied must be slumbering some where in tho archives of tho State, for we cannot accept the meagre announce ments which have been made as fulfil ling tbe spirit of the instructions. The Parliament which is on tho point of giving up the ghost has never had any information supplied to it on a ques tion the settlement of which was part of its mission. It is true that tho Postal Act gives the Go vernment of Victoria power to estab lish any system of mail communication with.Europo without consulting Parlia ment. It is therefore just possible that a great deal is being done. If so, it would not only be a graceful act, but the bounden duty of the Government, to take tho public into their con fidence. It was in '18.63 that the de steamers by way of the Capo, was affirmed (on the motion of Mr. IIigin botiiam, we think) by a majority of six to one, and it is a pitiful con fession to have to make, that after seven years see-sawing we find our selves further bohind than at the start. It is impossible to dwell with com placency on these reminiscences, and their bitterness is made more manifest by the success which has followed a vigorous policy in New Zealand. The position of Victoria is, in comparison, contemptible. Our wealth and re sources are, in tho absence of a hearty zeal in the pursuance of an avowed policy, powerless. We have, on every fitting occasion, protested against the selfishness which has prevented us from helping our neighbors in schemes which had the general advancement of Aus tralian interests in view, and the indo lence which has prevented us from attempting any work of the kind our selves. Although late in the dny, Victoria should now ask for a partici pation in tho advantages of the Now Zealand and United States treaty, although it would have been better if we had responded to our neighbor's call for assistance when that as sistance might have been more useful than it can be now. At the same time, we do not share in the glowing anticipations indulged in re specting tho success of tho scheme. That it will bo useful within a limited extent is all thnt is requisite to know, to warrant tho co-operation of Victoria with New Zealand. We were never asked to give moro than was coinmen surato with the value of tho lino to us, and although thero wns room for a little difference of opinion on this point, there has certainly never been anything to warrant tho positive hos tility which has been shown to the realisation of our neighbor's efforts. The recent investigation into the management of the Continental Cafe disclosed facts not at all creditable to the management and discipline of the police force. Tho prosecution was con ducted by an officer of polico ; the principal witness, who described acts of such disorder and immorality as induced the bench «f magistrates to inflict a fino of £20, tho highest penalty allowed by the act, upon the defendant, was a constable. Thero could be little or no doubt, one would imagine, of the character of the place or of tho estimation in which it was held by the authorities. And the evidence for the defence showed con clusively that Tattersall's Hotel, with all its abominations, was so far recognised by tho police that a constable in uniform was nightly sta tioned there, and sanctioned by his presence conduct which, in tho opinion of one of his comrades, who was not likely to bo over squeamish, was ' very ' indecent.' Surely it is' no part of the duty of a policeman to wiok at such behavior as was sworn' to by the! wit nesses for the prosecution. In| the worst days of Paris, the gendarmes) and sergens de villa on duty at Mabille in terfered if they saw any of the conven tional proprieties being outraged; and any student or grisette who VPntured upon such indecencies as were detailed by constable Crawford as having taken place at the Continental on ? the night after the Melbourne Cup, would speedily havo found them selves in durance vile. JBut the circumstances under which constable M'CoR5iACK gave his invaluable services to Tattersall's Hotel aggravate the im propriety of tho whole proceeding.: He was paid extra for attending there,' and tho payment, although made through the office of the superintendent,! was wellknown to come, in the first instance, out of the pockets of the proprietor of ino estauiiaumoiit. aiiuuea 10 wuum seem as if there were a regular systom of hiring out the police to casinoes and other haunts of the vicious and dissipated, and that the owners and managers actually go so far as to advertise their retention of the services of a policeman, in very much the same terms that Day and Martin were wont to brag about their ' keeping a poet always oh the ' premises.' We are without any in formation aa to how M'Corjiacic was employed in tho daytime — possibly most usefully and virtuously— but the fact that during the hours of darkness he was tho paid servant of such men as Thompson, Coleman, and Black, was degrading to him as a constable, and was indirectly a slur upon tho wholes , force. Of course it may be' said that he was paid to preserve order ; and no doubt, had any oi the unfortunate dupes who were wasting their money by drinking champagne so freely upon the night when Crawford paid his. visit of in spection, spent his last shilling,' and then become noisy, he would have been very speedily ejected. What we com plain of is that in the eyes of M'Con JiAok nothing appeared to be disorderly unless it was pointed out as such to him by the manager or some of his 'sub- ordinates, indecency, urunKenness, ana immorality appear, according to police ethics, to be no such violation of order as to call for interference, although, in tho opinion of the magistrates, Jthey are such broaches of the criminal law aa to deserve a penalty, of £20. . j : For many years past the State has received payment for the services of the police. The Melbourne and Hob son's Bay E.ailway, the banks, and spine private firms, have for many years been allowed to obtain the services of con stables upon payment . of a ; certain stipulated sum. The stewards of the Racing Club have ts- pay to the Trea sury for the presence of the troopers who keep order upon the running ground, and who indulge in the dog-hun!s which serve to keep the public in good humor while they are waiting for the horsea to start. But these payments are mado openly ; their amount ap pears in the annual balance-sheet of the Treasurer as a portion of his sav ings. No portion of the money thus received went into tho pockets of any individual constable. The case of M'Coiiiiack was entirely different. J He received an extra amount of remu neration for hia nightly services at the Continental Cafo, and in return he appears to have placed himself entirely at the command of the manage ment, and, aa it would appear from the evidence he gave in their defence, he heard with their ears and saw -with their eyes. It is to be hoped that for the future the constables stationed at casinoes and other places haunted by the detni-mondo and their male as sociates, will be in the fullest sense the officers of tho public, and not tho meniala of men of doubtful character. It should be as much a portion of the duty of constables to discountenance and suppress immorality and drunken ness as to protect the property and plate glass of the proprietors, or to turn out tipsy men who have spent their last shilling, and have thus ceased to be desirable customei'3. The ma chinery and officers of the law should not be at tho command of men . who gain their livelihood by habitually violating its provisions. 