SHAMROCOK LEAVES. A type thatbland I here llike friends. Love, Valosr, Wit. for ever. t 'liu not going to advance a theory for the im l'rrue?ent of the Irish poor, nor a wild scheme for I tl"rpression of Fenian rebels, but simply to "Lfeaew r Shamrock Leaves," gathered at stray t.!'" and here loosely tied together. Some of th, though not quite unknown, may perhaps be "e' to ome persons, and 6thers are printed for the lrt time. 2»nation is more rich in legends than the Irish. "eaV in this matter-of-fact nineteenth century a *al of romance still elings round the Emerald 'Il In many parts the banshee is still the fore ".Oer of any catastrophe; nimble-footed fairies tillnce beneath the summer moon, and those of fEltent faith ma still see that comical elf, the lqrechann," with his scarlet Coat, amongst the enl g corn. To be sure, some people have said tatthe appearance was nothing after all but the wdipoppy blosums nodding to the breeze. They, oeerer, were enbelieveis, so their opinion goes for Wthing. This belief in the marvellous may e"a be accounted for. Amongst a Ieeople, poor O.d unelucated, living in districts where the face t aftraiger rarely comes, these fireside stories are Pals from father to son, told and re-told, till teitonrrin is forgotten; and no one cares to doubt theittmuih. ,: lhe wildly beautiful scenery, dark heath covred hills, chequered by shadows of the flying cliui, deelp gloomy lakes, haunted by echoes thattake to the slightest sounds, leaping cataracts, and thick, sombre woods, help not a little to atrengthen and preseree the charm of the old tal< TIhat of the Banshee is the most generally r~cled sulpertition by all classes. There is no E'edto describe the Itnshee ; the figure is slp poase as is well known, to be that of a tall, Hweird "won, who wails round the doomed house before anydread event. Every family, it must be remem ered, does not possess one of these ghostly visit aiit; our own, however, is amongst tose that do, ýa the following story, told me by my father, will bhow. The IBanshee does not always appear; its cry eometimes is the only warning:-. SIthappened, said my father, that all the family hedsgone on a visit, leaving myself and old Sally ihe cook, the only persons at home. They had been away a week, and'l was every 'day expecting their return. One evening, as I sab reading by the re, I was startled by a strange cry just out aide tle window, ahd at once got up and looked aot. The rain was splashing drearily, and it wai darklas pitch. I then went into the kitchen and isked ally if she had heard anything, and, while Swe re speaking, the cry sounded again, and, -lter a thort pause, once more. The old woman overed her head with her apron, and, shivering with tenor, she said, S" Oh! Mr. Sam, it is the B1anshee." I tried to reason her out of it, but she remained firm in her opinion, and a few days brought the news that a favourite cousin of mine had died, aftera short illness. I b"Te other story was given to me not many days ?inlceby a friend. Shee told ne thus : i One nmght-or morning rather, for it was nearly two o'lock when we started-my sister and I were coming home from a party. We had seats in afriend'scar until we reached a place where three roads met, and then, nis our ways lay in differentdirections, we set out to walk, and they drve ou. One path led us directly to the house, but,, s thi path was overshadowed by dark trees, we delded to follow the other, although it took us more than half a mile further round. We did not mind the walk, as the night was calm and clear, and'the moon nearly at the ful. Presently as we wereiassing by a large tield, talking and laughing, we 'ard a dismal kind of scream, as of some one in jlin. \ e were frightened, and looked across the ield to see if anyone was there. Again the cry cne,e wein and awful, making us shiver with out lnowing why i and when we heard it a third biee, piertiog the air close above our heads, we ran hIfl thwards home as fast as we could. We got thereterrified and breathless, but as all the house were in bed, we crept noiselessly to our room. We at up a long time talking and wondering what tbe'mise that startled us so could have been, but neithtr of us thinking of the Banshee. But the neit post told us that our uncle had died about thtee o'clock on the morning when we heard the B??ree's cry. Of tales about fairies, ghosts, and hobgoblius, thirels o end, and any .hld wife, bribed with a new pipe a;ul a "bit o' haccy," will tell stories euough to till a volume. Let us now turn to a mre pleasing subject-that of Love. 'ih?: love is the soul of a note Irishman." !Neer did'any poet write a truer line. Love governs every action of Paddy's life, and is as ne ;zssary to him as the air he breathes. He loves his country better than his life; he loves his wife and childben deatrer thau all the world; if he be a bliyn." he loves every " oolleen" th;at comes be fuie his gaze; lie loves drinking, and he loves fighting., A short scene will explain a few of the variesa of Irish love. It is a Fair day in "merry Maynooth." let ois say. Ihe ground is cveredl with " tints, and: lashije of the best dhrink in them;," and, see, here .eoiai stylos Crunnor, dressed in his best suit, a tail coat orilliant with brass buttos, . knte breedces, gray woisted stockings, and a pair of heavy nbrues ; in one hand lie twirls a shillelah, while the other is locked in that of his eulleen. See shat neat feet and aUkles she has, untran;. rialed by shoes or stockings; look at her blue pettioot land her flowered skirt loped tilt above itt:.sote, too, her tall, upright figure, to which the ecarlet cloak adds grace, and the kerchief pinial lightly across her glossy, nrven hair. 'Octh, Mary, Mary, troth it's mneself has passed a sleeless night, disturbed by drames of you." (i :ch, go 'long, .Mlyles; it wasn't me you dhieuned oL" "'Deed an' it was, mavourneed. I dhramni of ye alls e days." " Faith, I b'lieve that, Myles. Divil a much el. ye do." "ih, but whisper, Mary, machrce. If ye will only keep the prunitse you made stte it's I that will be a Ilappy man. As' it's yen that'll have theitligant cabin, the natest turf' bog forninst it; and it's we thal'll have the purtiest childre-" S? 'ch " cried Mary with a laugh, "they'll need to ilifer from their father anyhow.".. i," isit you that says that to me, \Mary i" asked Myles, reproaebfully. "Its a way I've got to splake my mind plainly.' iutdon't s?tand here blarneyn' all day, witlthe -s ge . oVR "Come, then. mavnirn ; but dance light, for me heart lies undher yer feet." They fort it merrily, cut and shuffle, shake the toe, and bIat the floor, till the ould piper stops from very exhaustion. Away goes Myles and his dear to the neaest tent, where the love of whisky bec'mes too much for him. 1te rushes out, trail ing his coat after him, shouting, 'KWhoo ! who'll tread on the tail o' me coat!" Someone accepts the challenge, and a fight ensites. They batter each other black and blue, yet with no hatred in their hearts; it's only for the sheer love of fighting. An Irishman misses a nrow sorely. Witness the little tailor, who ex c'aimed. " Oh ! I'm blue mouldy for want of a batin'." The comic side of Irish love has been so often written and sung of, that it is difficult to select any lines that will be new to the general reader. The following is one of the latest that I have picked up. " Och ! don't be beguilin' my heart with your wilin', You've tried that same thriek far too often be. fore; And by this blest minemt an' day that is in it, I'll take right good care that you'll try it no m'sre. You thought that so silly you walked with O'Reilly, By man and by mortal unheard and unseen ; While your hand he kept squeezin" and you looked so l'leasin,' Last Saturday night in your father's heoreen. His thricks and his schamin' has set you a dhramin', lhot anyone blessed with their eyesight may see ; You're not the same craytur you once war by natur'; And they that are thraitors won't do, faith, for me. It is most distressin' to think that a blessin' Was just about comin' down plump on the sceni, When a cunning eulloger, as black as an ogre, Upsets all your hopes in a dhirty boreen. And 'tis most ungrateful, unkind, and unfaithful, When you very well know how I have a go.by Both to pride and to pleasure, temptation, and treasure, To dress all my looks by the light of your eye. Oh ! 'tis Mlary Mullally that lives in the valley 'Tie she that would say how ill-used I have been; She's not a deludher, to smile and to soother, And then walk away to her father's boreen. I send you your garter, for now I'm a martyr, And keepsakes and jims are the last of my care; So when things are exchanging, since you took to ranging', I'll troble you, too, for the lock of my hair. I know by it's shakin', my poor heart is breakin', You'll make me a corpse, when I'd make you a queen; But as sure as I'm livin', it's you I'll be givin' A terrible fright, when I haunt the boreen." The Irish have a strange way of misplacing words, or using them in a wrong sense, sometimes with very comical results. I remember. a few years ago, I went to have my photograph taken, and, to the same studio there came one of my country women with her four children, whose pie. ture she was going to have taken in a group. They were three girls and a boy. One of the girls had some mark on her face, and the boy had lost an eye. After plasterin' down their hair and ar. ranging the girls' dresses the artist began to group them. "Now, then, Mr. Photographer," said the m,other, " look at here. You must put Nelly where they won't see the streak on her face, and Johnnie so as he'll have his good eye out." At last they were settled, and the photographer popped his head under the black curtain, when the youngest child began to show decided symptoms of tears. " Now, my dear," said the man, coming over to her, ? you must smile a little, and try. to look pleasant, you know." Thie child only frowned the more. " What's the matter with ye, Nelly ?" asked her mother. "LLook pleasant this minute, miss !" Words were of no avail; the chili began to cry in reality. Her mother caught her by the shoul der. at the same time administering a sharp smack with a hair brnsh, and saying, " Look pleasant, ye little witch. What in the world ails ye at all." Then, with anothler hearty cuff, " lo what ycer hid, this minnit; faith, I'll make ye look pIleasant, so I will." eed I. say, the good woman's effrts were use less These stories mightl be multiplied to any extent, but I will clh?, these Slhamrock Leaves with some " linea on the finding of Moses," by anu Irish Poet: In a green valley contagious to the Noile, Where I'haroah's daughter wint to bathe a whoile, An' runniu' up an' down the be;ch to dhry her skin, She saw the basket that the babe lay in, Then. turnin' to her maids, she said, an' smiled, " ABh ! tare an' hounds, girls, which of ycz owns the chli lt"-Am??raolan Journal. 