MORNING CALLS AND MODERN EXTRAVAGANCE. Of late a decided reaction has set in against these senseless morning calls as the media of informal social intercourse; of which reaction the outcome may be seen in the "At Homes," the " Five o'clock Teas," the " Days," now so popular among our ladies. And deservedly popular. For at least these arrangements let us know where we ace and what we have to expect, and tell us that we need not go on such and such days and hours if we wish to shirk our friends, but that if we wish to see them we are sure to find them then and there; and though substantially hearts may be no truer at a drum than anywhere else, aemblance? are so much the more honest and observances less absurd, which is something gained in this ridiculous life of ours we call social. In these afternoons, too, every one is slightly less formal, and, so far as the men go, Iras dressed, than in the more stately evening "at homes." As for the women, do what we may, they will turn every social meeting into an occasion for finery and display; and even in hoises where you are expressly told "not dress parties," the hostess herself leads the way, and is the fore most to deck herself out in her best bravery, to the style of which her guests must conform if they would not be as much out of harmony as the violins of an orchestra playing F sharp while the harp and trombones are giving out three flats. It is by no means saying that women ought not to regard their style and beauty as great good gifts to be carefully guarded and preserved, with all due honor, to the last pos sible moment, if we regret, as aU thoughtful persons must, the mad love of dress and personal adornment which rules them as a sex. It is tins which makes society so difficult, save to the very wealthy. We cannot meet in anything like simplicity of circum stance or attire for the sake of pleasant conversation, or the kindly interest which we take in one another. It must be always more or less a matter of toilette—a field-day for gowns and bonnets to prank themselves before eyes more envious or more exultant than ad miring—a battle- ground where the spirits of rival milliners and the ghosts of rival purses do shadowy strife together; for even nice women are not ashamed to rank themselves no higher than clothes-horses, and to think their value depends on the money worth of their gowns, represented either by value of material or ori ginality of cut And if this is true of nice women, who have minds and souls, what is it of those who have nothing of the one and but very little of the other? Why, they are aU clothes horse, and nothing else—all mere dummies, upon which to hang so much silk and velvet, so many tags of lace and ribbon; and their worth is exactly commensu rate with the last account their milliner sent in, and the amount of pin money assigned to them for the creation of the typical ducks and drakes. And as, unfortunately for the world, there are as yet more dnmmies than real men and women, more clothes horses than clothes wearers, the whole avenues of society get choked up with the press, and numbers carry the day if weight of brain does not. If it were not for these we should soon be able to in augurate a really simple style of society very different from anything we have now.— Queen. In order to facilitate partnership arrange ments, the Extensive Stock of J. A. North more is now being offered at such a reduction in price as will appear almost incredible to persons not acquainted with the tremendous losses which importers have been subjected to daring the past season. la inauy instances the prices are considerably less than would be obtained for the same articles in. the I&nfli;«h market. A reference to our advertising columns will furnish particulars. do Some author says that one of tLe uses of adversity ii to bring us out That's trot—par ticularly at the knees and elbows. 