(ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. DEAN FITZGIBBONS'S LECTURE. f Continued from our last. ) The Church declares that she is founded upon a rock ; Christ declares that she is built upon a rock; St. Paul shows she is " the pillar and ground of truth ;" and yet these men say she is not. and that if she was so founded she has corrupted the truth. I We are called to receive this on their own imp'e word. Now, the question is whether the Church is infallible or not. If infallible, her teachings mus be light; i not, what other society of men on toe face of the earth can ptove they have the truth, and fchow me that she is wroiig? If I establish a sect of my own, and say, believe my opinioD, these thing-; t' at I teach you are the words of God, of course you would expect me to prove t you that I w«s sent by God, and renresented the true Church. If I said, " My words are the teaching of Chiist" without ft ring ny testim y, I fho .ld be merely asserting mys If to be infallible; and so; if the Catholic Church asserted her in all i- bility, wHiout reference to the crip m re and Apostolic tradition, he teaching would be based <n meiely human authority. Cthe> Chimhes say that no Church is infallible; and then they say our doctrines are ei' on eons. They acknowledge their own b falli bility, and nevertnele s tell us ue are not infallible. In this they arrogate 10 'hems Ives inf'allibiity. If not, how can they condemn others of eiro ? In f act, if the Ck'Tch is not infallible, there is no Church on the fa< e of the earth worth listening to. If there is no irifafiibD Chinch. I ask — what au horiiy is 1here to teach me? You say— there is the teaching of the Bible. But I answer — I understand it as well as you, and I have read it over and over again. Unless you show me your are infallible, you have no rfuhr to te ch me, no n atfer what ar your (Unions and how much you ha e cms dered them (Applause). There fore it is that the atholic Church in all ages has been consistent. It says to you — Your reason has been givmtoyou by God to guide you, and that reason you are bound to submit to a h gher authority. There is a hi _ her authori y; it is the revelation of God. That re '.elation is with His Church. The Church showing you the truth is superior to your natural leason which biings you to the consideration of the truth ; -nd the point is whether the Church has received 1be truth from God. If>o then it is the duty of men to submit their reason to her higher authority, though her teachings may be beyond their understandings. Men say— I do not wMi to believe anything I cannot unders'and? Doe-; any one serously assert thi- ? Do you under.- tand the connection I etween soul and body? Do you under stand by what power you can rai-e your arm P Do you understand the principle which guides the sun to make its appearance each mo/ning in the east? Do y u understand how the corn grows? Then, wirl you presume to fathom the unfa thorn able abysses of the judgment of God? We will not be so rash. Our reason guides us 10 the belief that we have found the Church the repr sitory of the truth, and then our reason leads us to submit to her teachings, to direct us and to guide us. Is there any one who ca I understand the mystery of the Trinity — ihiee persons in one God ? No, no ! search as mu- h as you pie se, you w ill understand as itt'e in the end as in th com mencement. Therefore it is apparent we believe many things we do not und rstand, because of the character of the autln rity from which we h,,ve them. How many of us have been at Constantinople, for example ? but yet we do not hesitate to believe it exists, because credible witnesses have told us so. 8 a it is — credible wilnesses tell you of the doctrines of the Church, and the Holy Ghost by the Bishops tells us what is faith. The Bis' ops have met eighteen times in Ecumenical Councils, and many o;her times in in other Count ils ; and they have made laws to difine the fiith, and condemn opposing and contradictory errors. It is sffd of the Church that sometimes she invents dogmas, and establishes new arti.Ies of faith ; at other times it is said that she is not up to the spirit of the age; does not understand progress, and in fact opposes it. Now, these are contradictory asser tions. The reason why the great schism was m de in the sixteenth century was ostensibly. became the Church had fallen away and changed her doctrines. That was the outward reason, but not the real one. Sometimes, for political purposes, it is deemed neces sary to use high-soundingnames to cover secret pro jects. Who has not, for instance, been led awa by the great names of liberty, pr gress, and civilization ? Liberty / Who has not felt enthusiasm when liberty has been contrasted with slavery? And yet what dark deeds have been done under the pretence of pro moting liberty, and what desolation has been dealt out under its name. How can changes and corrup tions have been introduced into the doctrines of the Church when Christ himself said she was bui t upon a rock, and that the gates of hell should not prevail against her? No; truth cannot be changed; Gorl is unchangeable; and God is truth ; and as He has left His Church upon earth an image of himself, so never can the Church change. I admit that the outward dress of 1he Church may change, as we change our apparel; the Church may change her dress, and alter and increase her laws of discipline, but the docti ine handed down by Christ to his Apostles, and by them to their successors in the Church, cannot change; and if you compare what is taught now with the doctrines of the Church 1,500 years ago, you will find she is, as Lord Macaulay calls her, " the unchangeable Church." The rev. gentleman here begged his audience to allow him and themselves a short interval of rest. Un resuming he said — Ladies and gentlemen, though I have tried your patience so far by c onduct ing you through so vast a field, as I may call it, of doctrine with regard to the Pope and th Ecumeni cal Council; and given you some idea of its objects, nature, constitution, and designs, yet I have not told you about its decisions. And how can I tell you when these decisions are not yet made? How can I an icipate the decisi ns of so august an as sembly? In the words of our Holy Father the Pone you have heard in peneral terms the object of the Council. Neither 1 nor any one else can tell what may be done by it. There are numerous errors in existence at the present day; theie is rationalism, indifferent ism, and liberalism — I do not mean liberty ; there are errors about the education of chil dren, errors regarding the temporal power of the Pope, errors regarding fhe connection between the temporal and spiritual power ; — and these errors and many others will have to be comidered in the Coun cil, and in its wLdom, inspired by the Holy Ghost it will declare what is the faith, and what is truth, and what laws may be neces ary to promote the dis cipline of the Chuch. I would wish you always to remember, my fjiem's, the broad distinction be tween cicipline and doctrine. I have already alluded to it, but as there are frequently what I may call accusations that the Catholic Church invents new dogmas, I wi ll to distinctly deny this, and say it cannot be proved. The Church may alter her disci pline but not her doctrine " The words that I have placed in thy mouth" the prophet says, "and in thy children's, and their children, and their seed sh 11 not depart from you, from hence; or th now and forever." (Isaiah.) The discipline of the Church is one thing, and Hie doctrine another thing. T e doctrines are taken from scripture and tradition, and cannot he altered, but the discipline may be. For example the discipline of abstaining from me t on Fridays might be altered hy the Council, with the consent of the Pope, or might be abolished al together, as it is merely a matter of discipline; hut to make a uew doctrine, is a thing the Church never pretended to do, and never claims to be able to do. If you study the history rf t'e past, you will find, as 1 have said, that the doctrine is tne same mw as heretofore, it is very true that the ( hurch in her General G nncils may establish s an article of faith, in a formal and solemn way, that wli ill has not b-en b lieved soemnlyand foimahy before; hut that is tiid prerogative of the Church, for she has to judge of controversies, and is a tri bunal of apt-al. t he Chu ch determines what is the faith and what is not tne faith, and wnen she de < r- mines what is the fai.h it is our ou;y to accept that definition and dtclarati 11 under pain of sin. Christ said " He that heareth you heareth me, and he that despisetb you dtspiseth me " I hen fore, the ( huic 1 ca» alter toe fa th If she altered it sh would be no longer the Church. I he Church \ould be in- eo siste twithitsef, n i would not last. A Church might las perhaps five hundred or a thousand ye as, established by mere human agency, but she must in the end inevitably pensh, as all human things perish; but the church of Christ 'armot perish. A< d now havii g consi erc-d the \ hurch und r various aspects as to her unity and universal by, as proved in her assembling so ma;.y bishops of different iiationalit.es and different climes; tier infa libility as being founded upon a rock, and as being the pillar and around of truth; let us leave ihi. im portant s hject, to which we can ne er pay suffio ent attention, and consider lor a sh irt time certiiin mis takes and allegations which have been made recent! . in connection with the Ecumenical Council. A meeting, ostensibly for the purpose of prayer, but if we are to give words their real value, held to make a direct attack on the Catholic faith, took place r cently in Mount Gambier. And, ladies and 1 en- tlemen, without w islii; g to excite your feelings for a moment — for my object is not to address your feel ings, but your reason and consciences— I will read the words as they occur which were made use of at that meeting, akd make comments c n them as J go ; and all who are membets of the ( hu ch will know whether such reprts- -n rations an. I mis e reservations are f unded upon fact or n.-t As membeis of the Roman Catholic faith we are frequency su jected to accusations of the mosr. extiaordinary nature. Th se accusations have been rebutted over and over again, and r. futed in bocks ol doc rme auu devoiion. Doctrines have been attribu ed to us which we hate, and whicu are repugnant to common sense Some of those docti ines are st 11 represented as ours, an l we must repudiate them ag in for the 150,000th time. To proceed— : his meeting was held on the cecaHon of the gathering of the Ecumenical Council, and from the op 'ning speech, deher d by the Rev. W. B. Andrews, I read the Lion ing words: — " They had met in the interests simply of the truth — not to make any resolutions; not to condemn any one ; not to speak with rancor or unkindness of any one of their brethren, but si ( ply in obedience to their duty to their Divine Master and Bis Church, and in the int rests of His kingdom. For his (the speaker's) own pait he would earnes ly deprecate anything like party feeling. They were awate that the Romish Church — " ! Ladies and gemlemn, when speaking of our Church K they have the politeness to call it the Romish Chuch ! "They were aware that the Romish < hurch had for a conisderable time past been making preparations : for an (Ecumenical Council of the church, which perhaps he need hardly tell them wa< an universal gathetiugof her cardinals, bishops, and ecclesiastical representatives, for the settling of certain important matters regarding the Qhurch." Now, listen to the following : — " He had already deprecated anything like rancor or unkind expression in re erence to this subject, but he should be untrue and unfaithful to his posi.ion and 1 rinciples if he did not hope and pray that, if the tendency of this Council was only evil, it might fail." if it was evil it might faii, and the object of this Council our Holy Father declares is the welfare and salvation of the entire world. " looking at other Councils— especially those held subsequently to the Councils of the sixth and seveuth centuries — and viewing the matter from a Spiritu.l point, they could only arrive at the opinion that such Councils had resulted in the deterioration of the Church, and wider departures from the truth." These words require no comment. fl This would be felt to have been the fact by all Ihose who were acquainted with the pr.ceedings of the Councb of Trent, wh?n those errors which nad simply been mooted in the Church up to that time, such as the worship of the Yirgia, transubstantiation, and the invocation of saints, were settled by decree to st nd hencefo.th and for tver." The woi ship of the Virgin is not an article of the Roman Catholic faith at all. We do not worship the Virgin Mary, or as we cail her, the Blessed Vi gin ; we venerate her, and honor her, but we worship God alone, as the only Sovereign Maker of tf e univer e. (Applause.) This worship of the Virgin, as it is called, is an accusation £00 yeais old, and has been refuted over and over again. God forbid that we should worship anything save God alone. (Applause.) Mr. Andrews piOceeded— " 80 they had every reason to fear lest this Council would meet together — unless prevented by tc.e good hand of our God— to give its seal and jsanciion to new er OiS. They kn w there were certain doctrines believed by seme sec ions of the Romish Church, and receiving oflate years a mea ure of sanction f.om the Vatican, snch as the immaculate conception (the natural siulessness of the Virgin), wh ch, if sanctioned by the hea l of the Romish Churco, would influence every Roman Catholic mind, and immedi ately be received by the members universally." It is quite true if the Council, sanctioned by the Ppe, declares it an article cf fath, every Cathoic will believe it ; not because the Pope is a great and le rned mm, but because the Head of the BLhops and of the Church, and the successsor of St. Peter, on whom was c onferred the power to govern the whole floch of Christ. That is the reason why we obey him; and that is the reason why Italians, Frenchmen, Germans, and Americans, each of whom having their own peculiar nationalit i s, yet agree in one tiling — that is, to obey the decisions of the Pope of Rome. If we did not know . that he is endowed with super natural aut amity to teach us what is error, what is our faith and what is not, we should not obey him. t here is a mistake here ladies and gentlemen, about this doctriue of the immaculate Conception, it was declared an article of faith fourteen years ago, in the year 1854, and has beeu handed down to us from the earliest times ; and all gooi and faithful Catholics are bound to believe in it ou pain of sin. " Then there was another doctriue, the infallibility of the Pope, which hitherto had been but partially accepted by the Roman Catholic Cxiurch. It ws very possible that as a man he might now be pro nounced infallible." There is any amount of misunderstanding- shall 1 call it wilful or otherwise --on the subject of the in fallibility of the Church and of the Pope. They are iiilallible only in reference to his decisions as Head of the Church, when pronounced on subjects affect ng faith and morality. There is a tendency to confuse two terms— infallibility and impeccability. The latter would assert nis freedom from error, whether he doe right or wrong. We do not brieve that. We only be; eve in bim when acting as the im uth-piece of the Church and the mouth -piece of heist. As holeing this position he cannot lesd lis astray b3C«aus> oi the w rds of Christ, that His » hureh holds the truth, and the gates of »>ell shall not prev&il; against it. If these tern s — infallibility and imp ccabili.y — are con founded, it shows ignorance, if it does not also betray mali 'e. I lione, I earnesrly hope, t at the e is no malice in this instance. Mr. Andrews, referring to this doctrine of infalli ility, adds— " If so some of them wou d think it a fulfilment of the p ophec — That he as God, sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God.' " What is this, la ies a d gentlemen ? 'f the Pcpe is pronounced in matters of doctri .e and morals to be infallible, then according io this he is declared to be Ant'chri t. Wlnl uncharitablencss The Pope is already infallible, no matter what the Council says : unless it has the sanction of the Pop'1, as the Head of the < hurch, it has no authori y. What is this but visually an acki.owl- dgement of his infullioiJity. If the Pope could lead us astray, Pbeikve the/most of you who are listening to this discus>ioa would not care about what I say respecting "ilie Ecumenical Council — y-»u would say "I will judge for my elf ;" but because tne Church is built on a r clc, and the head of our Church is infallible, though the waves of perse cution, of error, a.' d heresy may storm and beat about the rock, yet we know that it is immovable and fnfal'ible. AgaintoMr. Andrews — " Just one point m re before he resumed his seat. They weie aware that the Church of Home boasted oj: its unity and universality. Rea unity was a thing for '"ome or any other Church to be thankful for.. But 1 hey did not beiieve there v/as unify in the Romish Church. It was merely externa! uniformity, and sometimes hardly that. Unity was "ne of the commands of Jesus Ch ist. and Le desired it to be fulfilled and perfected in h's Church ; and it was for Protestants professing one Lord, one faith, and one baptism not only to desire that unity, but at such a time to sienalise it by meeti- g together, and prajing for the welf re of the Chu ch Universal, and the corning of God's gl riou.s kingdom." This you will perceive is another attack against the unity in the Catholic Church, I will ask y: u, if there is not uni=y in the Catholic Church where is it ? In what other cemmunion could t e voice of one man summon so many together who have conflicting claims and opposing interests ? They obey his voice as the voice of Christ, because he is the successor of St. Peter, a represenfa'ive of one rule of faith. What great- r unity than this ? It, is an answer to Chirst's prayer at the Last Su per, that His disciples might be one aHeand His Father were one. Catholics are- one i faith and docti ine, and they believe in the same visible head, in the same outward sacrifice of the Mass; they are one body moved by one spirit. A gain T ask, where is unity outside the Catholic Church ? Thousands and tens of thousand? of people may come tog ther to hear a discourse, but that does not mean, unity. These people may hold different faiths —their b'ing gathered together is no evidence of unity. rteigious unity can omy ex'sn wnere mere is one faith, one doctrine, one sacrifice, one headship, and one nnme. These are foun I in the Cathode Church.. A Catholic may go to China, to Africa, to Russias. Siberia, Asi Minor, fo Greece, or to Italy, and he would fi' d tlie same faith in the Church. Ask the Catholic in any of t!,ose countries -what he believes,, and he will tell you in the Aposto ic Creed; whom he offi-ys, as head of the Church, >nd he. will fel you the Pope. All Catholics believe in these things; and if there is no unity in this Church, tlmre is none on the face of the earth. (Applause.) I will now, with your permissiun, proceed to deal with 'certain remarks- made in another speech delivered on the occasion re ferred to — that of the Rev. Me. Stephenson. The first word lie uttered to whi h I take objection are these : — " Thi? was most surely a token that in the Evan gelical Church there was true union, although some difference of opinion." Evangelical < hurch i Who gave this rev. gentle man and his followers the title of Evangelical ChurcbF Evangelical means Gospel. " How shall they go unless they are sent?" Who has sent them to preach the Gospel ? They have sent themselyes. He pro ceeded : — " In the Romish Church there was a profession of absolute unity and absolute uniformity " I say not only profession but reality. Again he says — "That Church also claimed to have universal' authority and sway in the world and therefore called herself the Catholic Church, and slie has given to her general Councils the title of Ecumenical or universal' councils." She does claim to have an universal failh. What did Christ sav to the Apos les — " As my father sent me, so I sdso send you to preach the Gospel to every creature." In virtue of this authority the Church makes her claim. " That Church cahe 1 herself the Catholic Church," or Roman Catholic Church. When did she receive the title of Catholic ? Listen,, and you will learn how old is this title, and how venerab'e, and that it cannot he torn from her how ever se tar ies may claim that tit e for th mselves, and strive to deprive the Church of it. I quote from St. Irenaeus : — " At the first promulga'ion of the gospel, its followers were distingui-hed from the Jews by the name <i Christians, as we learn from scripture, Acts xi. 26. H et ce the title of Catholic did not occur in primitive edi ions of the Apo ties' creed, but no so ner did heresies and schisms arise, to disturb the peace of th Church, than there was found to he a necessity of discriminating the man stock of her faithful ch Idren, to whom the promises of Christ belonged, from those self-willed choosers of their articles of belief as the woid heretic signifies, and those disobedient separatists , as the word schismatic mans. For this purpose the title of CATrt OL1C, or Universal , were adopted and applied to the true Church, and her children. Acco dingly, we find it uced by the immediate disciples of the apostles, as a distinguishing mark of the true Church One of these was the illustrious martyr St. Ignatius, bishop of Antioch, who writing to the Church of Symrna, expressly says, that c Christ is where the Catholic Church is.' In like manner, the same Church of Smyrna, giving a relation of the ma 'tyrdom of their holy bishop St. Polcary, who was equally a disciple of . the apostles, addresses it to ' the Catholic Churches.' This characteristical title of the true Church continued to be pointed out by the succeeding fathers in their writings and the acts of their councils. St. Cyril, bishop of Jerusalem, in the fourth century, gives the fo lowing directions to his puvils : ' If you so into any city, do not ask merely, where is the church or house of God? because the heretics pretend to have this: but ask which is the Catholic Church ? because the title belongs alone to onr holy mother." ' We ' says a father of the fifth century, ' are called Catholic Christians.' His contemporary, St. Pacian, describes himself as follows: ' Christain ij my name, Catholic is my surname : by the lormer I arn called, by the latter I am distinguished. By the n-me of Catholic our society is distinguished from all heretics (To he continued in our next.) 