SERMON PREACHED AT THE OPENING OF THE COUNCIL BEFORE THE SOVEREIGN PONTIFF AND THE ASSEMBLED FATHERS BY MGR. LUIGI PUECHER PASSAVALLI, ARCHBISHOP OF ICONIUM IN PAR- TIB US INFIDELIUM AND VICAR OF THE VATICAN BASILICA. Most Holy Father, The choice of myself to open these proceedings, which are the holiest and most weighty in the world, filled me, I confess, from the very outset, with such dismay that, unequal as I feel to the task, I should have left no stone unturned to escape from it had I not been cheered and en couraged by the voice of him who presides here to-day over our assembly, clad in the awful and majestic splendour of the fulness of the Priest hood. Although, then, inferior in age, genius, authority, and personal merit to my brethren in the Episcopate, yet have I taken up this burden for my faith is great in those words of the Holy Ghost : Vir obediens loquitur victorias : " The obedient man shall speak of victories." (Prov. xxi. 28). But there was another reason which influenced me not a little in undertaking the task, for when I remembered that the city in which I first drew the breath of life was the same wherein the Church held Her last General Council—that Council, so often, so highly, and so deservedly extolled, and which by many is considered to have been itself a prodigy— the. thought struck me that Divine Providence which it is well known . disports itself at times upon the earth had raised me up by the instrumentality of the Supreme Vicar of Christ, and in preference to all others for the discharge of this duty, in order to recal to your recollection, even by my poor means, the saving benefits conferred in those days by God upon the world, and by the remembrance of them to arouse in your hearts a great hope that He will be with you now, and by His secret judgments dispose all things for the good of the Church. Cheered by considerations such as these, I take heart and address myself with alacrity to the task which obedience, not to say Divine Provi dence itself, has imposed upon me, and I hail the opening of this Synod of the Universal Church with the auspicious words of King David— Euntes ibant et Jlebant mittentes semina ; venientes autem venient cum exultatione portantes manipulos suos. " They went forth weeping, sowing their seed, but returning they came with joy carrying their sheaves in their arms." (Ps. exxv., 7, 8). For these words seem to me on the one hand to depict in faithful colors the tears and the wretch edness of the present time, whilst, on the other, they place before our eyes, almost prophetically, the joyful triumph of the future. None of you, Venerable Fathers, can be igno rant that the words just quoted by me have been referred for special wise reasons by the Church Herself to the Apostles and their Divine mission. For you well know how, as soon as they had received the gift of the Holy Ghost, promised to . them by Jesus Christ in these words— Et Ego mitto promissum Patris Mei in vos; vos autem sedete in civitate quoadusque induamini virtute ex alto.— " And behold I send the promise of My Father upon you : but tarry ye in the city until ye be indued with power from on high (Luke xxiv., 49)— as soon, I say, as the fulness of the Spirit of God was breathed into them to over flowing, they all girded themselves, as you re member, to the task of preaching the Gospel to the entire world. You are aware, too, how, en riched by the Incarnate Word with the Divine seed of heavenly doctrine, they scattered it broad cast, wherever they set their foot, and committed it to that earth, which, from the beginning of the world, when it was cursed in the work of man, had been for the spaqe of forty centuries, as 1 eo the Great testifies of Rome itself, converted into a forest full of howling wild leasts, into a tem pestuous sea agitated to its lowest depths. ( Serm . I. de SS. Apost Petro et Paulo.) You know what they achieved — nay, I fancy, you contemplate with your eyes these poor fishermen, destitute of all those helps in which men are wont to place their reliance ; they cross unattended the widest seas, penetrate unarmed into lands girt round by deserts, or rendered inaccessible by mountain ranges, and they traverse, without staff or scrip, kingdoms and provinces of immense extent, situated at the furthest ends of the world ; and all this (who would have believed it at the time?) with the one only end in view — to rescue from- a disgraceful and tyrannical yoke, and win to the cross of Jesus Christ the nations of the world, which, if not all buried in a monstrous barbarism and degraded by savage manners and customs, were yet, in spite of their refinement, their letters and their knowledge of the sciences, steeped to the very lips, with the worst of human-kind, in every species of vice and infamy. And in an enterprise of such magnitude it is not difficult to understand the vast labor which they underwent, the cruel hardships which they endured, the unjust and fierce persecutions which they suffered. The day would not be long enough, nay, words themselves would fail me, if I had a mind to enumerate their toils to you, for they are countless — I had almost said, unutter able. " I know not what to say," says S. J. Chrysostom, who, by dint of daily meditation upon them, had brought all these things home and made them familiar to himself — " I know not what to say, or how to express myself when I contemplate your sufferings. How many prisons have you hallowed? How many chains have you honored? How many tortures have you endured ? How much foul abuse have you patiently borne ? How have you carried Christ ? To how many Churches have you brought the glad tidings of the Gospel ?" (Serm. apud Metar liras.) It is with reason, then, that the Royal Psalmist sang of the Apostles — Euntes ibant et Jlebant mittentes semina sua. But behold, Venerable Fathers, the marvellous effect of the tears which they shed. Indeed, they were to the world what the night-showers of rain falling gently upon the ground are to the parched earth during % pro tracted drought— the grass springs up again, the leaves become green, and the flowers, lifting up their drooped heads and opening out their closed cups, fill the freshened air with the fragrance of a thousand perfumes. For no sooner had the Apostles watered with their tears the parched-up lands, whereon they had cast the seed of Divine truth than these bore such abundant fruits that at once we see a marvellous fertility reigning where before nothing but a rugged waste had met the gaze, and lands once occupied by thorns and briars undulate with the yellow crops which impatiently invite the hand of the reaper to gather them into sheaves and bear them to the granaries of the Lord.. Such was undoubtedly the success which, as you all know, crowned the labors of the Apostles. Contemplate the plenty of the harvest, and tell me if their tears have not been wiped away and their mourning converted into joy, as brimfull of comfort as their sorrow had been extreme, and cheering their hearts with the assured hope of receiving a reward proportionate to the harvest with which they are laden, and which they are bearing to the house of the Lord — Venientes autem venient cum exultatione portantes manipulos suos. Such being the case, Venerable Fathers, I do not hesitate for a moment to see in your position on this very day a striking resemblance to that of the Apostles in bygone ages, for I behold you flocking to this august assembly from the most distant quarters of the world, your brows clouded with sorrow, your heads bowed down by the weight of anxiety, and your hearts worn out with anguish, because of the fearful havoc which the ancient enemy of mankind has made and is still preparing to make amongst souls. I see you, I repeat it, assembled in the mystic Cenacle, to draw from it by the united strength of your counsels a seed still more fruitful in truth and justice, and that you will not be disappointed in your expectations is made manifest by the gravity of the topics which are about to be submitted to your consideration in this Synod. Far be it from me, on the other hand, to wish to anticipate your wise deliberations, if, -treading in the enlightened path already freely opened out by our august Pontiff, I venture to assert ' that this Synod will afford you the fullest means of gathering an abundant supply of the heavenly seed, for the subjects of debate will be how to lead Christian nations away from polluted cisterns tainted with the poison of every error ; how to call them back to the living, clear, and never- failing springs of the Saviour ; how to give fresh vigor to the beneficent action of the Church, by investing it with a new character, or arming it with fresh support, that it may journey on by hitherto untrodden paths, according to the end for which it was established,, and may from day to day open out for itself fresh channc Is through which the virtue and grace of the Holy Ghost may be, with greater security and facility, poured out upon each of the members of Christ's Mystical Body. Further, how to knit the strength and energies of the faithful so firmly and closely together as to enable them to withstand, baffle, defeat, and utterly prostrate the combined attacks of atheism, hypocrisy, and impiety ; how, in a word, the spirit and life of Christianity may be so far restored as once again to be resplendent with that Divine light, in the bright effulgence of which it was first seen upon the earth when freshly purified by the Sacrament of water and blood which flowed from the gaping wound in the side of the Redeemer ; our Holy religion, the beautiful and beloved Daughter of God, which stepped down from the Hill of Calvary to take possession of the world, received by her for her inheritance. These are the results which we may legiti mately expect from this assemblage, for who can conceive what molten streams of pastoral charity will burst foiti from this hall as from another Cenacle ? Who can imagine the depth and the power of the wisdom which will issue from your midst when, as each one contributes, not the faculties of his intellect only, but also the affections of his heart, to the common service, you carefully weigh and zealously disouss the grave necessities of the whole human race ? It is certain that when your task is done you will return from Rome, this second Jerusalem, to your respective dioceses enriched with treasures of accumulated wisdom and virtue. The king doms of Europe, the far- off countries of Asia, the islands of Oceanica, the regions of Africa and America will welcome you back, and at once hail yo,u, all burning with the fire of the Holy Ghost, as diligent husbandmen, eager to plough up the hitherto untilled soil, to sow the fields, and to gather the grapes from the vines, that they may bear fresh fruit, or at least may yield it more abundantly than ever. Yes, Venerable Fathers, then indeed will your labours commence ; then will bitter days dawn and countless sorrows come upon you ; then will the words of David begin to be verified in you — Euntes ibant et jlebant mittentes semina sua. For then will it appear how bitter and how numerous are the foes against whom you have to contend. Then will philosophers and politicians, as they are called, then will princes and kings, and the people themselves conspire together to baffle all your zealous efforts, and bring your assiduous benefits to nought ; whilst, in another quarter, those wretched men who at one moment make open avo wal of atheism and at another put on the mask of a hideous hypocrisy, will make com mon cause and leave no stone unturned to sub vert from its very foundations, if that were possible, the Church itself. Alas ! what a fierce and what an endless war is this ! How bitter, how relentless, and how implacable are our enemies ! Add to these evils (and this is perhaps the greatest of our misfortunes) the indifference of so many, for so long as the Church is oppressed by this weight her cultivated and most fertile fields must in a short time become unproductive, and be converted into a rugged waste, where barrenness and death hold undisputed sovereignty far and near. And in the midst of such waves as these — I will speak plainly — and amid such treacherous quicksands, you must shape your course Vene rable Fathers ; amidst such hurricanes, threaten ing utter ruin to all things, you must take your stand, immovable as the rock ; through diffi culties such as tl e83 you must ply the oar and steer your ship, ai d strive might and main to preserve it safe and deliver it back, sound and entire, to the Father of the Household, by whom it has been lent to you at interest. Nor is the peril of your situation a source of . wonder toyou, Venerable Fathers, "for you are fully alive to its difficulties, and are perfectly aware — taught not only by the example of others, but also, in part at least, by your own experience — that so great an undertaking as this is, could not i be, I will not say perfected, but even begun, without embarking on a vast sea of pains and troubles. For, in truth, it would be necessary for us — either never to have learnt the meaning of the mission confided to us by Christ, and the sublime character of the charge laid upon Bishops— or (and this would be a deep disgrace) we should have to be ignorant of the multitude and magnitude of the evils under which the human race is groaning, not to be able to per ceive at the very first sight, as we gird ourselves to the work set before us, the dangers and the contradictions to which we must be exposed, and how utterly hopeless success must be if we do not put on the spirit by which the great Apostle of the Gentiles was animated when he made this open profession — Adimpleo ea quae desunipas- sionum Ckristi in came mea pro corpore Ejus , quod est Ecclesia. "I fill up in my flesh that which is wanting of the sufferings of Christ, for His Body, which is the Church." (Coloss. i., 24.) But bear within your breasts, 0 Venerable Fathers, noble and courageous hearts, for if by a mysterious dispensation of Divine Providence the seed of the Gospel cannot take root, sprout up, and grow into the vigorous tree, clothed in the glad beauty of leaves and boughs, unless it be first watered by the tears and blood of Apostolic men, it is also most certainly the will of God that these same tears, shed for the sake of truth and justice, be rewarded by torrents of pious and holy consolations from Heaven ; for it is written — Beati qni lugent, quoniam ipsi conso- labuntur . "Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted.'— Matt, v 5.) And if it has been said of the disciples of Christ, as of all other heralds of the Gospel, that they went sowing their seed in tears and sorrow, it has been also prophesied of the same that they returned with jubilee carrying their sheaves in their arms. Now, if the second part of these prophetic words have been realized to the full, even from the beginning of the Church, so that the Apostle could say with truth, Quoniam sicut abundant passiones Cliristi in nobis , ita et per Christum abundat consolatio nostra ; in proportion as the sufferings of Christ are multiplied in us does our consolation abound (2 Cor. i„ 5), the same joyful prospect lies before you, if, animated by the heroic spirit of your predecessors, you tread man fully in their footsteps, scientes quod sicut socii passionum estis sic eritis et consolationum. " Know ing that as you are companions in sufferings, so also shall ye be in consolations." (2 Cor. v. 7 > And indeed, is not the truly wonderful manner in which this Council (composed as it is of Fathers from every part of Christendom) has been brought together, is not this alone an earnest of the generous reward we may expect for our labours, and a pledge of the great prize which God has 6tored up for us in Heaven ? Who among you, Venerable Fathers, does not see that this mercy has been extended to us in the midst of difficulties of evi ry kind, as a happy omen of that future for which we may hope, provided that we ourselves oppose no obstacle to the stream of truth and justice which is about to leap forth from the Rock of the Vatican? And therefore I may be allowed, with a deep feeling of filial and brotherly sympathy, briefly to recal to mind the great sorrows of the Father and his sons. Once securely harbored within the sacred shadow of the Vatican we have looked back in sorrowful wonder at the piles of ruins which Satan has so speedily heaped up around us, far and wide ; we have isen the stormy waves of impiety risiDg higher every day and threatening even this asylum of peace and tranquility, with trembling hearts, full of dejection and sorrow, we thought to breathe out our souls upon the crumbled ruins of thqAfemple ; uttering the sad words of that lover oi his brethren : Quomodo sedet sola civitas plena populo ; facta est quasi vidua domina gentium ; princeps provinciarum facta est sub tributo. " How doth the city sit sorrowful that was full of people? How is the mistress of the Gentiles become as a widow ; the princess of provincess made tributary?" (Lamentations, v. 1.) When, behold, a ray of purest light cleaves the thick darkness and re vives our almost withered hopes, for the mind of the Supreme Pontiff, who directs the helm of the ship, was inspired with the thought of calling to his side the Elders of the new Israel and his bro ther judges in the faith, that they might, by their united wisdom, take immediate concert for the security of the Tabernacle of God, threatened even in the inmost recesses of its ssnctuary by hosts of formidable enemies. This was from the beginning the mist-cloud which appears in the morning, and straightway vanishes, quick as the lightning that shoots across the heavens. In truth, the Holy Ghost, the Com forter, who proceeds from the Father and the Son, and who has ever divinely protected it, quickens in a moment with His life-giving and seven-fold light, the august and venerable Chair of S. Peter ; and, wondrous to relate, that in spired thought, like the grain of mustard seed, which indeed , according to the Evangelists, is the least of all seeds , but when it is grown is the greatest among herbs, and becometh a tree , so that the birds of the air come and lodge in the branches thereof (Matt, xiii., 32) ; that inspired thought, I say, burst forth and is developed by the power and efficacy of the Holy Spirit, until it has assumed gigantic proportions. Yes, Venerable Fathers, it is this inspired thought which has gathered us together to-day from every country in the world in this vast Basilica, this miracle of Christian art ; and behold us at the tomb of the Prince of the Apostles, whence we still breathe the never- failing life and vigor of all episcopal virtues - at the shrines of Leo, the two Gregories, and of Chrysostom, whence, you might imagine, streams of eloquence, still fresh after the lapse of so many ages, are flowing to water once again the fields of the Church. But there is another con sideration which should fill our souls to over flowing, and it is that we are standing in the very presence of Peter himself, who, alive in the person of his lawful successor, seems once again to proclaim aloud, moved by the same impulse of love and faith as of old — Thou art Christ , the Son of the living God; and once again, the sublime answer of the Redeemer, sitting at the right hand of His Father, comes to us from Heaven — " And I say to thee that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My Church ; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." I delight, Venerable Fathers, to recall these things to mind, that our confidence may be still further increased and our souls be filled with a more cheerful alacrity to perform the great work imposed upon us by this Synod, on which the eyes of all nations are at this moment riveted, and in which the hopes of the world are centred. And if, on the one hand, this Council prove a source of many grievous trials to you in the defence of truth and justice, and lead you at some time into strait and narrow paths, yet, on the other hand, it will at the same time reveal to you the sweet spring of every consolation, and smooth the way to the joy of future triumphs. Meanwhile, though we must put our hand to the work, in the midst of present tears and sorrow— be assured the day is not far distant when, r ecording to the promise of the Son of God himself, our grief shall give place to joy, for it is written — Amen amen dico vobis , quia plorabitis et Jlebitis vos , mundus autem gaudebit , vos auteni contristabimimi ; sed tristitia vestra verteter in gaudium. ' Verily, verily, I say unto you that ye shall weep and lament, but the world shall rejoice, and ye shall be sorrowful, but your sorrow' shall be turned into joy." — (S. John, xvi., 20.) No, Venerable Fathers, we shall most certainly not be disappointed in our hope, if we keep con stantly before our minds the end which this (Ecumenical Council has in view— the promotion of the glory of God and the eternal salvation of souls ; if we strive to make this the most re splendent of the many bright jewels which encircle the brow of the venerable and noble- minded Pius — if, in one word, the Church is able when your work is done to record in letters of gold, for the benefit of posterity, that peace of soul, harmony of thought, moderation in plan ning, dignity in discussing, uprightness in judging, and wisdom in all your deliberations, so ruled the minds and hearts of the Venerable Fathers, that when the gates which had been closed upon us were once again thrown open to proclaim to the whole world — Visum et S p'iritui Sancto et Nobis : " It hath seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to Us" (Acts, xv. 28), the earth presaged the downcoming of the Creator Spirit and saw itself renewed ; Emittes Spiritum tuum et creabuntur , et renovabis faciem terrce — " Thou shalt send forth Thy Spirit, and they shall be created, and Thou shalt renew the face of the earth. (Ps. ciii, 30.) May all these graces be mercifully vouchsafed to each of us, through the intercession of the Ever Blessed and Glorious Virgin Mary, for to-day the world celebrates with boundless joy the mystery of Her Immaculate Conception— by the Eternal - Son of God, Jesus Christ, Our Lord and Re deemer, who with the Father and the Holy Ghost lives and reigns for ever. Amen. 