NEW SOUTH WALES. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, Nov. S. The Treasurer has endeavoured to ease off the opposition of the importers by producing anew schedulo of measurement rates. It ii an improvement on the old list, but it cer- tainly does not meet all the complaints, pro- vided they wore well founded. The more tho merchants study tho scheme the less they liku it, and a gieat many of them are now pre- pared to fall back on ad valorem duties as the preferable alternative. Mr. Samuel, how- ever, is not at present disposed to yield, and still hopes that he will bo able to squeezo his measure through. But I confess I doubt it. His scheme has had a curious effect in causing several parties to change front for a while. Many mercantile men are now muttering that they had better stick to the cul valorem duties, and try to make tho collection more stringent; some of the protectionists are beginning to support the tariff. On looking down the list they find that it operates on the whole more favourably for local industry than the ad valorem tax did, and on that ground they give _t a preference, thinking that it is the intro- duction of tue thin end of the wedge», and that if they can get a free-trade Minister to give them something, they may get still more from a protectionist Minister afterwards. A public meeting, which had been got up in the interest of the Opposition at the Lyceum Theatre, was taken out of tho hands of tLe promoters by the protectionist party, who carried a resolution in favour of Mr. Samuel's tariff, provided the classification wero still further adjusted to meet the claims of local industry. The Treasurer, however, cer- tainly has not courted this party, for several of his recent alterations have been advorso to their views. Thus, for instance, the measurement duty on paper for newspapers was double the old ad valorem duty, and .therefore he has now reduced it by one-half, to the disgust of those interested in the paper mills, although he has largely compensated for this concession to the press by increasing the duty on printers' ink, which, hoivever, might, and perhaps ought to be mado in the colony. The protectionists have certainly re- ceived a great increase of hope, and now pro- fess to be sanguine that the time is not far off when the free- trade party will be crushed, and protection be recognised as tho policy of Now South Wales. We havo had an amusing illustration of the extremo modesty of their demands. Among Mr. Samuel's new charges is one of Od. a gallon on oil. This, of course« is a god-send to tho manufacturers of kero- sene, who have been protected by the tit¿ valorem duty only to tho extent of about Id. a gallon. The additional bonus of ßd. a gallon is thereforo something handsomo, but, not coûtent with this, the direc- tors of the Western Kerosene Company waited on Mr. Samuel, and asked for more. He politely told thom that he was not aiming at protection, but only at revenue, and could do nothing for them. It is a ques- tion, however, whether tho duty of Oil. will not materially reduce the import. Tho mail to California took the news of the proposal, which in less than a month will be known in New York, and which will probably have the effect of checking shipments. In Parliament the Opposition has been leaderless, Sir James Martin having been unfortunately away on circuit, and some of his friouds hardly know what view he would take of the tariff when he returned, as his feelings as a protectionist may be a little in collision with his feelings as the leader of the Opposition. The composition of the House is still under- going a slight change. The election of Mr. Greville for Braidwood was a victory for the Protestant party and the Opposition, and they aTe hoping for another at Maneroo, whoro Mr. Egan's death has left a vacancy. Mr. Dart, a solicitor, has come forward in the interest of the Catholic and Government party, and his competitor will probably bo Mr. Grahame, who, like himself, has previously sat in Parlia- ment. Mr. Parkes's constituents at Kiama have again returned him by a considerable majority over his former opponent, Mr. Gray ; but this will not be any immediate holp to the' Opposition, as I understand Mr. Parkes docs not intend to take his seat till his private affairs are settled. Mr. Baker, the member for tho Southern gold-fields, who is also a paid member of the Gold Commission, ha-» been unseated by the Committee of Elections and Qualifications, on the ground that at the time of election ho held an office of profit and emolument under the Crown. He has been away with the roving commission during most of the session, but was fetched up to town a day or two ago to be in time for tho coming division, Ho has con- sequently lost his three guineas a day to no purpose. Now that he is unseated ho has gone back to join the commission. Unless the election for the Southern gold-fiolds is postponed till the commission has completed its work,, he cannot now be re- elected ualoss he resigns his commissionership. The Chamber of Commerce has not much commended itself to popular respect by the way in which it has dealt with the proposed tariff. A sub-committee was appointed to go into details, and, in fact, tosuggost a tariff to the Treasurer, hut it brought up a report totally devoid of all useful suggestions. The fact was that there was such a chaos of opinions that no common recommendation could be arrived at, and they only agreed to a few empty sentences as a disguiso to1 the fact that they could not help the Treasurer out of his difficulty. At the meeting at which tho report was produced a resolution! was passed condemning tho measurement duties. As originally framed it contained a clause stating that they were less desirable than ad ralorem duties ; but it was thought inex- pedient to mako such an assertion, and this part of the «solution was thorcforo cancellod. The Chamber, therefore, has simply embar- rassed the Treasurer, without rondoring him any help, and ho bus tbcreforo to thank them for nothing. The sugar-growors on tho northern rivers are just now a little despondent. The con- stant rain has filled the sugar-cane with water, and the absence of sun has not allowed a proper formation of saccharine matter. The canes cut and treated aro deplorably deficient in sugar, and in. utter despair some of the farmers are ploughing up their ground. But those who will bavo tho patience to allow their crops to remain and ripen will probably make a harvest after all, though it may not bo so profitable a one as was antici- pated ; and in any case this year must bo regarded as exceptional. Still, the delay iu reaping a financial reward is very unfortu- nate, and tends greatly to damp enterprise. A good deal of capital has now been invested in 'this pursuit, and those whose money is embarked aro impatient for some taugiblo result. Even a temporary check is a great discouragement, and in the present state of the colony discouragement is about the last thing we want. The unemployed have been offered work by the Minister to whom they appoaled, in the shape of road-making on, tho cliffs neat Botany. Whether this will meet their views is perhaps somewhat doubtful, as past ex- perience has always shown that tho mon wIkj form deputations to ask for work do not catch at it very eagerly when it is offered. The best men do not muko tho most noise, and it is only too true that thero aro a groat many men in Sydney just now out of woik. The classes above them aro equally pinched, and would in many cases be ia equal straits were it not that the habit of frugality, which is so deficient in those who work for wages, has laid up a store for the evil day, by moans of which the middle classes tide over had times. Amongst tho unemployed are three of tho opera singers, who are out on strike. Messrs. Lyster and Smith have felt tho full pressure of the dullness of the times? The newspapers lia ve thought it thoir duty to abuso the public for not patronising the opera during the present season ; but I do not know that men are justified in sponding on music money that properly belongs to their creditors, or that they ought to give the box ticket office thu preference over their tradesmen's bills. Syd- ney is a pleasure-loving and music-loving city, and if tbo theatre is empty it is becauso the people's purses aro empty. Mr. Mathews com-' plained of thin houses on his visit. The Bandmanns complained still more bitterly, and Lyster never had so bad a season. It is true that Tom Thumb has drawn ; but then he is a novelty, and may never be seen here again. Messrs. Lyster and Smith found it necessary, like many other employers in similar circum- stances, to propose a reductiou of wages. Three of the stars did not seo it, and so for the present the opera is shorn of some of its glories. The Minister for Works is trying hard to raise a little moro revenue from the railway?, on which so many millions have been spent, and there is ceftainly scopo for it. The re- turns for lost year, recently published, show that on the Southern and Western lines the expenses eat up OS per cent, of tho receipts, and leave a profit of only £58,000. The Northern line is a little better, but even there the expenses amount to G1 per cent., and fhe net profits -aro only ¡630,000. The passenger traffic, except between Sydney and Parra- matta, is small, and thero is not population enough to make it larger. It is only the goods traffic that seems at present to furnish any chance of making a profit, and that has boan charged at rates far below the Victorian standard, and very far below the prico at which the lines could be fa'tily remunerative. The Government has made a move in tho direction of higher rates, and the necessity for income is very likely before long to causo another and nearer approach to Victorian charges. 'The third reading of tho bill to reduce the salary of future Governors from £7,000 to £5,000 a-year was carried in the Assembly last night by a majority of 17 to 4. This is not a Government measure, as tho official desiio for economy does not stretch so far as tho sacred precincts of Government house. The members of the Cabinet havu considered it au open question, and havo voted on different sides. But it is still doubt- ful whether the Upper Houso will pass the bill. It is a measure that has often been rejected before, but the present great depression, and rigorous economy which most persons are compelled to enforce, makes people moro in- clined now to assent to a reduced scale of ex- penditure at Government-house. The Council of Education has had a slight sparring match with the Roman Catholic Bishop of Maitland, Evidence being forth- coming that Roman Catholic parents had been compelled by tho priests to remove their children from the public schools undor pain of a denial of the sacraments, the council rather unwisely wrote to the bishop to in- quire whether he had directed this course. The bishop, in reply, characterised the ques- tion as extraordinary, as it affected the rela- tions that existed between him and the Ca- tholics of the dioce30, over which the Holy Ghost had placed him, and that a reply would seem to admit the right of the council to put the query ; but if thoy wanted to know his opi- nions as to the duty of Catholic parents, ho would be happy to comply with any request, provided that the communication addressed to him had due regard to the rights and dutioa of his position as a Catholic bishop, and did not misiepresent his action. He added that tho council's letter showed the groat need thero was of having a Catholic at thoir board. As a caustic reply, the letter will win the ad- miration of the faithful, but the tone of it is only likely to widen the breach between Ca tholics and Protestants, It is a victory gained by tho satirist at the oxponse of his church. The more gentle but politic Archbishop Folding, though perhaps thinking and feeling the samo, has spoken in a different tono at tho recent meeting of the Catholic Associa- tion in Sydney, no there represented the Catholic Church as a suffering and persecuted body-spoke in tones of the meekest non resistance- felt sure that the misrepresenta- tions which calumniated them would in time disappear, and exhorted his flock to patient submission and peacoful effort to get tho Public Schools Act, not abolished, but modi- fied. At the samo meeting, however, the Rev. E. Luckie virtually answered the ques- tion which Bishop Murray had declined, and admitted that tho Catholic authorities had ordered tho removal of Catholic children from tho public schools. "It has now been satisfactorily proved," says the Ararat Advertiser, " that the fish put into the municipal dam about two years ago by the town clerk havo increased. On Sunday, several boys playing in the drain near the Asylum road, into which tho by-wash of the dara empties itself, found four small silver carp, each about three inches long, which had evidently been cairied out of the by-wash. These small fry must bave been spawned to- wards tho end of last year. In another year's time there will bo thousands of fino fish, fit for cooking, to be obtained in the municipal dam." A sad accident happened at Kingower on Saturday morning about 10 o'clock. A little boy named Caldwell, about two years old, strayed in among the alluvial holes close to the side of the main road, near the school- house, and fell into one of them and was drowned. No one witnessed the accident, but the mother happened to miss the child, who had been with her a few minutes bwforw, and on searching for him found him floating in one of the holes. 