Old Ladles. ; (From the Saturday Review.'), i Tho world is notoriously unjust to its veterans, and above all it is unjust to its ancient females. Everywhere, and from all time, an old woman has been taken to . espresa the last stage5 of uselesslesfl and exhaustion ; nnd while a meeting of bearded dotards goes by the name of a council of sages, ..and its deliberations are respected accordingly,' a congregation of palsied matrons is nothing but a congregstion of old women, whose thoughts and opinions on ony subject whatsoever have no more value than the chattering of so many magpies. In faot, the poor old ladies havo ahard time of it; and if we look at it in its right light, perhaps nothing proves more thoroughly tho course flavour of tho world's esteem respecting women than this disdain which thoy excite when they are old. And yet what charming old ladies one baB known at times — women quite as oharm ing in thoir own way at 70 as their grand daughters are at 17, and all the moro so because they have no design now to be charming, beoause tboy bavo given up tho attempt to pleasa for tbo reaction of praise, and long since . havo consented to become physically old, though they have never drifted into unpersoriableness or neglect. While retaining; the ? intelieotual vivucily and active sympathies -of maturity-, they have added the sofcneBSj 'the mellowness, the tempering got only :from experiet.ee and advancing ..age; they are worrien 'who have .Been' and knpwtt anci read, a . great deal. andv who have suffere^l ? much, but whoso- Borrows havo noither hardened nor soured ? them — rather have made them evon moro sympathetic with the sorrows of others, and pitiful for all the young. [ They have-. lived, through and lived down all their ['own' tridls, and have come out - into peace on the j o.ther side.; -Jbut^hey .romomber the trials of the | fiery passage, .and .they feel for those who have | still to. bear' the pressure of the pain they have overcome. ' These are not women much met with , in; society ; they are of the kind . which ' mostly stays at home, and lets the world come to them. 1 They have done with the hurry and glitter of life and thoy no longer 'oare t'o carry thoir grey hairs .abroad ; they. retain. their hold on. tho affection's of their, kind, they take an interest in the history,' the science,. tho progress'of tho day, but they, rest tranquil and content ^y' their own fireside, and they sit to rcceive.' bat 'do not go out to gather* Tbe fashionable' old laily''who haunts the theatres and drawing- rooms, bewigged, befrizzled, painted, gbastly in her: vain- attempts to appear young, .hideous in , her frenzied clutch at the pleasures 'melting from her grasp, desperate in her' wild bold on a life that is passing away from her so' t rapidly, knows nothing of .;the. quiet dignity aud I bappiness'of her'anciont sister who has been wise enough to renounce, before she lost, ? In her own house, where gather a'small knot of men of mind and women of. character, whore the young bring ?their perplexities and tbe mature their deeper thoughts, the dear old lady of ripe experience and loving sympathies and 'cultivated intelleot hold .? a - batter court', than ^is known' to any ; ,'of th'ose ; miserable old ' crea'tures ;who ?: ; prowl i : about the- gay places of the world, and wrestle , with ? the young for .their, crown and garlands — those - wretched simulaora of womanhood who. will not grow old and who cannot become' wise. She is the best kind. of old lady extant, answering to the matron' of claasic times— to the::,M6tber in Israel before whom tbo 'tribes made abeisaence in token of respect ; the woman whoso book of life has been well read and. closely read, and kept clean-in al] its pages. She- has been no prude, however, and' no mere idealist. .SEe mus^ have, been' wife, mother, and widow:; - that is; sho: must have;known many things of joy , and grie.f,.abd' have had the, fountains of life unsealed. However .wise and. ,;good she may be, as aVspihster'sbe ha3 had only half a life ; and it is the best half which 'has' been;denied her. How can she teirotli'ers' when they come to her iu their troubles;-' how time and a healthy will have' wrought with her; if she bas- never- jjassFd through the ?sajiie-'i circumstances? Theoretic comfort.is all yery/well, 'But one, word, o.f experience goes fceyound volumes of counsel based :on general ?principles' and- a lively imagination^1 ? 7 ' : : One type of old lady .is the' grandmother par excellence, and 'spends her 'life ' in spoiling the little ones, cramming: -tbem ' with sugar plums and rich' cake .whenever she has' the chance,' and nullifying mamma's' punishments by surreptitious, gifts and. goodies. ] She is tbe.deatly beloved of our childish recollections, and - to the liist days of parllife wc cherish the remembrance of the kind old- 'lady, with .her beaming smile, taking out of. ber large rblack ' reticulc, or the .'.more mysterious recesses of her unfathomable pocket, wonderful'little screws of paper, which her withered. hands- thr.ust into, our chubby fists; but we can ^understand!, now, what an awful nuisance1 she must, have beon to the authorities and how impossible she' 'made ' it' to preserve anything, like discipline and the terrors of the domestic jaw ^ 7. ;? The., old. .lady who remains ,a,m.ere child to ?tbe end, who looks.i very much ; like a faded old wax'doll, with her' 'scanty 'liair blown out into transparent ringlets, :and her; jannty cap bedecked with flowers, and ' gay coloured, bows, who oannot' rise into' dignity' or true' womanli ness, who knowsfnothing^icangive no advico, has no sentiment of proteotion; but; on tho contrary, demands all. sorts of .care , and protection ;for herself — slib, simpering . and giggling as if she were 15, is by rio 'means'an old lady of the finest typo; ' 'But she is:' better ih'an the leering old ludy ,wbo -says course things, and. who, like Berahger's immoral oreatioh; passes her time in regretting her plump arms .and, her well- turned anele, and the lost time that can neyor be reoal|ed, and who is ; altogether, a' jmdst' pnedify ing old person, and by no means' nice - company for tho young. Then there-is ,thQ( irascible old lady, who rates her servants dnd' iB'fi'ee .with -full flavoured epithets against -sluts, in general;- who is like a tigress over her, last unmarried daughter, and, wbon crippled . and disabled,, still , insists on keep ing the keys, whic^ she 'delivers i .up when waritod only with .'a snarl and 'a suspioious'caution. She hasbeen one of the race of active housekeepers, and bas prided herself .'.on-.;tery exceptional abi'ity that way for so long that sho cannot bear to give up, even when .she ;.oan , no longer do any good ; ,so she isita: 'in her easy ohair, like old Pope and Pagnn.in. ' Pilgrim's. 'Progreas , and gnaws her fingers at the younger world which passes her by She ia an infliction to her daughter for all the yearsof her life, and to the last keeps her in leading strings, tied up. as;, tight as, the sinewy old hands can knot them; treating 'heri always as an irresponsible young.thing that n'eeds both guidance and control, though , the.' girli has passed into tbe middle aged woman by now — a spiritless thing, that lias faded before she j was fully blossomed, and dies like a fruit that1 has dropped from tho tree before it has riponed; Twin sister to thiB kind is the grim female become ancient ; the gaunt old lady with a stiff backbone* 1 who sits upright, and walks with a firm tread like a man ; a leathery old lady, iwhoideapises all your weak slips of girls that havo nerves and headaches and oaunot walk their paltry mile without fatigue : a desiccated ojd lady, larged, boned and leaned; without an ounce'of suporfluoti3 fat about tier,' with keen 6yea yet,, with which she boasts that she pan thread a needlei'and road small print by candlelight ; an indestructible. old lady, who. looks as if nothing short' of an earthquakh would put an end to her. 'The friend of her youth is now a stout, soft;' ?be^ples3 old lady, much bedraped in woollen shuwls, given to frequent sippings of brandy and water, and ensconced in the chimney corner like a huge clay figure sot to dry. For her the indestructible old lady has tbe supremest contempt, heightened in intensity by a vivid remembrance of the timo when they were friends and rivals Ah, poor, Laura, sho says straightening herself; she was always a poor creature, and see what she is now I To those who wait long enough the wheel always comes round, sbo thinks, and the days when Laura bore away the bell from her grace, and sweetne's and loveablenesa generally; are avenged now, when the one is a mere mollusc and the other has a serviceable backbone that will last For many a year yet. Then there is the musical old lady, who is fond of playing small anony mous pieces of a jiggy. charaoter, full of queer turns and shakes, musio tbat seems all written in demi-semi quavers, and - ti nt she gives in a ripping, catching way, as .if tbe keys of the piano were hot. Sometimes she will sing, as a great favour, old world songs that are almost pathotic for the thin and broken voice that, chirrups out tbe sentiment with whioh they abound ; and sometimes, as a still greater favour she will stand up in the danoe, and de tbe poor uncertain ghosts of what were once steps, in tbe days when dancing was dancing, and hot the graceless lounge it is now. But hor dancing days are over, she says, after half a dozen turns ; though, indeed, sometimes . she takes a frisky fit, and pays for it the next day. The very dress of old ladies is in itself a study and a revelation of character. There are tbo beautiful old women who make themselves like old pictures by a profusion of soft lace and tender greys ; and the stately old ladies who affect rich rustling 8ilks.and sombre velvet ; and there are the original and individual old ladies,, who dress themselves after their own kind, 'like Mrs Basil Montagu and Miss Jane.. Porter, and have a cochet'ol their own, with which fashion has -nothiug to do. ' And there are the old- women who wav rusty black stuffs and ogly helmet-like caps ;? and those who affect uniformity and going with, the stream; when the fashion has become national: and these have been much- exercised of late with the chignons and the new bonnets, But Providence is liberal, and milliners are fertile in resources. In fact,' in this as in all other sections of humanity, there ore .those who are beautiful and wise, and those . who are foolish and unlovely ; those who make the best of things as they are, and those who make the best of things as they are, and those who make the worst, by treating them as something -they are not ; those who extract honey, and: those who find only poison. For in Old age. as in youth, are to be found beuuty, use, grace, and value, but in difforent aspects and on another platform altogether ; and the folly is when thiB difference is not allowed for, or when tho possibility of these graces is denied and their utility ignored. ' Aphrodite PisoatriX.— The fisherwomen of Granville' are famed for their beauty, industry, and 'courage; we certainly have not seen such eyes, excepting at Cadiz, and never have we seen so niany active, hard working old women. The women ; seem to do everything here — the 'boat- men' are women, and the fishermen young girls. We may well admire some of these handsome Granvillaises, living their free life by the sea, earning less in the day, generally than onr Staffordshire pit girls, but living much more enviable lives; Here they are by hundreds, Bcatte'red over the beach in the early morning and afterwards; crowding into the market place; driving bard bargains for the produce of their sea farm's and— with 'rather shill and unprononnceable ejaculations, and many most winning smiles — handing over their shining wares. It is all for the Paris market, thoy will tell you, and they may also tell you (if you win their confidence) that they, too, are one day for Paris, Let as leave tbe old women to do the best bargaining, and picture to the reader a' bright figure that we once saw upon this shining shore, a Norman maiden, about 18 years of age, without shoes or stookings, a picture of health and beauty bronzed by the sun. This ?young creature,, who had spent her life by the sea and amongst her own people, was literally overflowing with happiness j she could not contain itiie half of it,, she imparted ? it to every one about her (unconsciously, and that was its sweetness); she could not be strictly called handsome, and she might be considered very ignorant. ThiB 'charming ' Aphrodite piscatrix ' ia stalwart and strong (she can swim a mile with ease) she has carried her baskets and nets since sunrise, and ,now, at- 8 o'olock on this summer morning, sits down on the rooks, makes a quick - breakfast of pottage, plumes , herself a little, and commonces knifting.- She does not stsy long on tbe beach, but before leaving makes a slight acquaintance with the strohger8i: and evinces a' curious desire to hear anything they may have to tell her about the great world. . It is too bright a picture to last ; she, too, it would seem, has day dreains of 'cities; 'she would give up her freedom, : she would join the crowd and enter the ' great city she would have a stall at ' leBS hallea,' and see the world. Day dreams but too - often falfilled — — the old story of centralisation doing its work. Look at the map of Normandy, and see how the 'chemin' de fer l'Ouest' is. putting forth its arms, which— like . the devil fish in Victor Hugo's ' Trovailleurs de la Mer' — will - one day draw irresistibly' to itself our fair ' Toiler of the Sea.' — H-. Blaakburn's '? Normandy Picturesque.' A Cure for Rhecmatism.~-A man l, I' bee n oared of rheumatic fevor. by a nik' I collision. At least, ' L, B-' says' in-TAe Ihj f ho was so eared on the ' l^th Inst. He I- Irav.olliag on tho Midland-ftom'.MaiiehoBter' £ London, rooked with pain'; /.'My wefik.'body^a, I in a profuse porspiration;'-': flashos i of . pain \ announced . thai tho in'n^ulpr^fibr^a . vvortf.n^,r | tyrannical control of- rheuitatiamv itiid I was data f besido myself with'; toothache, when the trai'n F ran into another; His next neighbors were thrown | against each other, but he was thrown on the t opposite cushion, 'and he got out perfectly well, ' In tho most ungrateful manner conceals bianatue ^ lost the company should as'k;hira forcouiponsatioB I ' It would soarooly, howaver; do that, lest it ahoolj i - , be proseouted for curing people ! without a propy ? licence. . . I - A young man, ''illiterate but polite,' on ban, - , invited to attend a wedding; soot a note in reapoi® 5 saying, I regret that oircumstanooa repugnut' t- to tbe aoquiesce will provont my acceptance of invite.' - ' ' ; A Burst of Ta&bnt.;— A, Yankee 'beiriguhj r ' to desoribe his wife, said, ' Why sir, aho'dinaka t a regular fast go a head steamer, my wife would, sl.e has such. a wonderful talent for blowing ud'i I Worthy of CREDti-.— Agontleman^fasapp^ [ ? to by a on a ling sweeper ifor chaiity, fha ^ ' gentleman replied, ' I will remember you wheal ? return.'— ' Please your honour,' says tho man \ 'I'm ruined by the credit I give in that way,' ' | J eaxousy —Of all the pangs of whioh hamanilj i is susceptible, jealously is the worst; for moil ' frequently.it is an effect without a cause-! monster endangered in. the imagination of fa f victim ; and feeding alike upon his heart at j ^ brain; it withers tha rose upon the cheek of ^ beauty, dethrones reason from its judgment ml ^ and gives tbe reins to pasiion ; it takes a martyi'i ; pleasure in its torments, , and adds - to tbeir I ! intensity by the ingenious skill with which il ' adduces proofs from air drawn nothings, adding r fuel to tho flame by which it suffers. - : Home Scene. — Wifo has resolved to be \ content with tho duties of her ' sphere, ' mih r ? homo pleasant, and always meets herhnshud with a 'joyful smile'. Enter 'husband ;; thrbwt liis hat on the floor, and drops into a Beit i Wife, preparing tea. looks : up with a amilo, ani ' ; is so glad to see him. — W'fe : — '' Well, my dear, [? ?* it is so nice to have you here at meal tiins.': A r long smile.— Husband : ?' ies, I suppose so.' — -Wifo: ' How bas your business prospered today?' (Another smile.)— Husband : ' About ? so so.'— Wife: ' Oomc, my dear, tea ia resdy; ' . let me draw your chair,''. (Another smile.)— . 1 Husband (gruffly) : I am top tired to stir. Wail till I warm my feet.'— Wife : 'Do u yw ?. 1 choose, my dear,' — (Another sweet smile) Husband looks up with a smile : on his' face loo, . 1 and Mary coming in \with; the, tea kettle, bean ' something like a .kiss.,,; ? ? s ] A SiaANQE' :Stort.— Another prppf of ,ili ' \ adagei ' murder will out,' is given by the-Tientoa ; ' Sentinel : 'It is forty years ago ' or mbre| sinta . I the dead body of a stranger was found in tie [ j woods, near the Stonybrook bridge, nbont ots ; . mile to the east of Pennington, a village ieai ' ? J ersey county. We were a child then, resided ? I near said village, and remember tho ciroamsteDca ; well. It was an incident to make a lastiej . ; impression in 3 quiet, rural neighborhood. . Yeati ; later, when we boys used to go to ewim in till tl locality, more or less fears were always exoitel - ® by reference to the oiroumatance, for boyhood, u | - well as age, is superstitious. Nobody believes it ghosts, and yet almost everybody is afraid of theml The body was found in a sitting posture against a beech tree. The face waB distorted, theejil - * protruding, as though the dead man had died !i agony. His hat lay a few feet from him; hi) i ' dress betokened one in comfortable circumstance 1 He was a stranger, and do one rememberedli ? ^ have seen him. There was no money on tki corpse. Tbe body, witbont special examination ; was buried, we forget where; there were 11 wounds upon it, and no evidence of violence. 41 that day, public scrutiny was not as acute il 1 reference to tbe mysteriouB deed, and no verditU supposed murder was recorded. And W r j ) cemes the strange elucidation of the cut' ; ' A few days since, accident placed in onr hull L 1 ( a copy of the Manchester (England) Examn ? In that number wo found the dying confessioi ? ] of a man named Daniel Huleeman, acknowledge [ ' ; to a murder p9rpetrated forty years ago, in 111 : Stato of New Jersey, United States of Amelia s. ; ( The murdered man's name is James Eberkt ' j _ The murderer was acquainted with his victim il tho old country, and came out about one yeit before bim. Hulseman was a tanner, and woiktd 3 in New York. When Eberhart came over *1 .. sought ont bis old acquaintance; he had eW ; . £200 in money. On pretenne of oxamicing till , country and purchasing land, Hulseman stsrted , with -Eberhart' on a' tour through New Je|*l i; ;;- q Ho had with him a flask- of poisoned brandy ail . ho resolved to murder hi_o friend for the money tl had. They first stopped at Prinoeton, and tbii ^ ^ conoluded to walk1 the intervening nine mils I' ; j Pennington, tho weather being pleasant,- 1^ public travel being groatly circumscribed, Vfe i , within a milo of that place they stepped .0T6I |; the woods, aiid sat down under a tree, to partalt | of some victuals they bad prooured beforeetatliiilii Hulseman theu passed his flask to bis compaiifi who drank liberally, and died within au.hcot thereafter in fearful agony. Hulseman We j I on all ' the ' while. He then robbed him _oi hii money and set him up against a tree, as W'! | desoribed.' There are still old men Princeton who will remember this oient . j aeema almost marvellous that after n 'aP' forty years this affair should have come (-? by a death bed confession, three tbousan p from the place of commission. And yH even so.' ? frintud and Published by the' Proprioto' Campbell and Joseph Habt, at wabba Mebobkv,' Qonoral totter t. Oflico, corner ot tbo Market-square, ^ f Illawana, on Tuosday, February 22u- p 