ABOLITION OF THE SOLAR SYSTEM. mi - _.l-l_i_J TIP- OF T>_««, .,"", The celebrated Mr. Sampson Brass, upon pretending to discover the iniquity of a servant, exclaimed, with an excess of scepticism, " And this is the world that turns upon its own axis, and has lunar influences, and revolutions round heavenly bodies, and various games of that sort !" But here comes a certain Dr. P. E. Trastour de Vaurno, late of New Orleans, who has published, or is about to publish, a work in which he has or will " play at bowls with the sun and moon," demolish the Copernican system, repeal the Laws of Kepler, and prove the pippin of Sir Isaac Newton to have been as false as Dead Sea fruit or the apple of Eve. We mourn the pippin, because that pretty story of Sir Isaac knocked on the head by it was one of the solaces of our infancy ; but inasmuch as Dr. de Vaurno proposes to confute all astronomical learning, and even announces that the sun at some future day " will rise in the west and set in the east it is hardly worth while to be too sorry over any particular part of human learning For the Doctor brings the whole heavens and the whole earth to a right-about face ; informs us that " the stars have a general movement that cat ries them from west to east, and that before long " Easter will come in the middle of spring," to which, theologically, we have no objection, so it does not cease to come at all. Now it is that we begin to thank our fortune that we are not scientific that we have not spent the days of our life in figuring and our nights in looking through telescopes. Still, to think that " the sun is not placed in the centre of the planetary universe !" To think that we do not annually revolve around that luminary !" That we have been under a delusion respecting our " orbit," which is not a circle." We are bewildered ! We are intellectually bedevilled ! We have believed in the almanac, but the almanac is all wrong ! This, however, we are proud to say, does not affect the election returns in the Tribune Almanac (just published for except so far as as the " Democratic,' vote may be influenced by the moon, these do not depend upon the state of astronomical science. We have very little heavenly learning, and trustfully confess that we are not in a position to refute the teachings of Dr. de Vaurno. Indeed, we rather admire and enjoy them. This being an era of change, why should we not change all that P We have always thought the conduct of the sun to be extremely whimsical and reprehensible. We have always felt that if he was " the centre of the system the head centre, if we may be allowed the expression that there were times and seasons when he deserved to be impeached and removed from office. When he was wanted for turnips he came out for grass, and when he was wanted for fruit he veiled his shining head in a cloud. There are thousands, of our readers who have felt that " weather" (so called) was a snare and a delu- sion that the (so-called) " succession of the seasons was a dreadful mistake and this opinion they have mostly entertained when shivering through June or perspiring through December. They will appreciate the discovery of our learned doctor, that " climate is subject to extreme vicissitudes," and confounded disagree- able vicissitudes some of them are ! It is a sort of comfort to know that hereafter " we need not expect any specific weather ;" and this will be a special satisfaction to those learned persons who prophesy concerning the same, inasmuch as they can now give the reins to their imagina- tion, and prophesy whatever they please. But, after all, we are thinking of that particular morning when the sun, having completed his arrangements for doing so, will as- tonish mankind by- coming up where he went down the previous evening, and will rise in the west ! We shall not be here to see it, nor will Dr. Marano ; but we can imagine the frighted population of the world running about in con- sternation, and whispering with pale lips, " The Doctor was right!" For a time on earth and in heaven the confusion will be extreme. Persons having notes to pay, in the general trans- modification of everything, will suffer them to go to protest. Cocks will fall dead with wonder from their perches, and cooks will be in a quandary between supper and breakfast ; the polite will vary between " Good morning !" and " Good evening !" and those who are of regular habits, and have taken their shower-baths at sunrise for years, will glance dubiously at the accustomed string and shiver woefully on the brink. We have to announce, however, that the usual morning edition of the Tribune will be printed under any circumstances and that when the sun rises we shall come out, whether he rises at twelve o'clock in the daytime or at twelve o'clock in the night. Upon this point we shall make no concession. Meanwhile, at this momentous season, when the great physical revolution is consummated, and the disappointed and dismayed ghost of Copernicus is losing its way among the disar- ranged stars, we can fancy the most frightful disorders everywhere prevailing throughout the universe. Mars and Venus encounter each other, the fiery face to the fair one, and laugh at memories of the old merriment. Mercury will make an excuse that he has a message, and start at once for Herschel. The great Jupiter will hold a congress of his moons to consider the state of the planetary republic. The fixed stars will find themselves unmixed with a wrench. The Milky Way will become to bid with horror. There will be a dreadful chattering among the Asteroids, and the lost Pleiades will suddenly make their appearance. As for the state of affairs upon the earth, it will beggar descriptions. The howls in the observatories alone will fill the whole earth with one universal wail. The most devout astronomers will go mad, make wild assaults upon their most expensive instruments, or precipitate themselves from their tallest look-outs. Preachers of the day of judg- s ment will hold forth upon the corners ; Government securities will go down like lead the President will issue a proclamation "advising general fast, and then fall upon his one word, if he happen to have one. Even women con- ventions will adjourn tine ¿.e.-and^lfild.WT may, since to talk of any day under six years stances would be a point of Mljrbymjgp yet reached by those assembled.' -in - ^ Holloway's Ointment and Pills. Throughout the year, whether summer heats or wintry chills rule the atmosphere, these remedies are always applicable, and will never fail to reward those sufferers who give a trial to their efSeacy. This Ointment is invaluable for the relief of the many accidents which happen to children : chases, cuts, burns, pimples, and boils are instantly relieved and speedily cured by it : all external inflam ations, carbuncles, whitlows, sprains, and erysipelas are restrained in their painful course by this cooling unguent and conducted to a thorough cure. Assisted by the purifying powers of the Pills, Holloway's Ointment works wonders in hearing up old ulcers, effectually skins over those chronic sores on the legs which make existence miserable. 