ORIGINAL POETItr. • • LINES,' ' . " • BY A P T op THE C c C n. The following line3 have been handed to us ,wit.h a special request that we would-publish them. Although written at Kooringa a few years ago, with special reference to circumstances existing there at the time, our correspondent thinks some of the sentiments'"oxpresse l, not altogether inappropriate to recent affairs occurring a few miles to tlie eastward of Gawler. •Oh crickey! what a world of jokes Those rummy coves do perpetrate! - Of course I mean the stupid blokes That wrote about the Church of late. ;Their's humor's so intensely rich, It almost makes me die of laughing; Oue really can't be riled at sich, With such a first-rate chance for chaffing. But lor i. it makes me sick to see What rot' they talk about the liible; . Saint Peter would have punched their heads,, Or else his pluck I greatly libeL The .idiots seem to think the book. Was brought by angels down from heaven, And with it, as their rule of faith, Keep just the wrong day out of seven. I want to know how they can tell The proper number of epistles, Or whether in the world to come Saints play on harps or penny whistles. For anything that they can tell St. Polycarp's and Clement's letters ' - .Ought to have been bound up as well ' With what was written by their betters. It took the Church three hundred years The Canoii of the book to settle— To ; shovo in this and strike out that, And put it into proper fettle. In an unlucky hour the Church • Gave to the swinish multitude The book thus: pummelled into shape, And so no end of mischief brewed Of course she told them how to read,' And likewise how to understand it ; Some scoffed, some dared to .doubt her/creed, . And some audacious .wretches banned it.. And so from bad to worse things grew Till, scared not by the Church's terrors, A blatherskiting motley crew Presume to show the Church her errors! ^ Now every sneaking, starveling flock Can set a duffer on his legs, Who boldly undertakes to teach His aged grandam to suck eggs. Now heresy and schism shops 1 O'er all this wretched country bristle, Where wolves, disguised in sheepskin slops, Stammer at chapter and epistle. Now every obfuscated asp, Bamboozling his benighted fellows, Pelting our holy Church with mud, His own interpretation bellows. And then, oh primest joke of all! They iprig from us our titled fudge— Whitephoker,"Reverend," waistcoat, glebe,. And us the name of " Priest" begrudge. Confound all heretics, I say, They're so like pigs you cannot turn 'em; And if I only had my way, I'd either bend, or break, or—burn 'em. Go to strangers for charity, acquaintances for advice, and relatives for nothing, and you will always have a supply. What is .the difference between a mother and a barber F The latter has razors to shave, and the former has shairers'to'raise. What the Greek;Government must teach the brigands.—The Grecian bend. How to make a fire hot.—Keep it coaled. "When a drunkard is liable to lose his head, would it not be better to fix it in a gin sling ? A fireside . Ghost—A bob-goblin. Judge .Jeffreys, of notorious memory (pointing with, his cane to a man. who was about io be tried,)- said, " There is a great rogua at the end of my cane."" The man pointed at enquired, "At which end, my lord? " A peasant went to his priest to confess having stolen hay from & large stack belonging to a neighbor: *-. How many loads did you take ? " asked ..the father coafessor. "You may as ' well reckon the whole stack at once," said the, peasant, "as T and my wife intend to fetch it all before we stop." A 'gentleman, accustomed to the signature of the firm in which he was a partner, haivng to sign a baptismal register of one of his' children, entered it a= the son of Smith, Jones, and Co. At an inquest hald at Loughborough, a few days ago, in answer to a question put by the coroner as io whether the deceased was married, the witness, who is a daughter of tho Emerald Isle, replied, " Indade I don't know if she' is married or not; she's got a husband, but he's been deal these several years." A very nice thing. A Sunday School teacher was giving a lesson on Ruth, She wanted to bring out the kindness of Boaz in commanding the reapers to drop larger haadfuls of wheat. "Now, children," she said, " Boafe did another very fine thing for Ruth ; can' you tell me what it was ?" " Married hfer !** " said one of the boys. • Why a ship is called " she." A ship is called ."she,"' says that wag Robinson, " be- • cause man knows not the expense till he gets one; because they are useless without employment; because they look best when well rigged ; because : their value depends upon their age; because they Tare upright when in • stays ; bo«cause they bring news from abroad, and carry out news from home; and because,; the rigging is worth more than the hull! ? 