ST. MARY'S DOMINICAN CON VENT, FRANKLIN-STREET. On Sunday, March 6th, the foundation-stone of a new Dormitory, about to be added to the Dominican Convent, Franklin-street, was laid. At 3 o'clock, the ceremony, which was in ac- oordkDce with the Botnan ntaaJ, was com menced by the Very Bey. John Smyth, V.G., assisted by the Bey. J. E. Tenison Woods and the Bey. Mr. Boche. There was a .large Dum ber of persons present, and in the cavity under the stone was placed a bottle, containing a cony of the Irish Harp, the current coins of i£e realm, and the following document:— " Lapidem istnm primarium Schooiarmn Dominicarum, dominica, L Qaadragessime, die. vi., Martii, 1870, xxiv. Anno PonJancatus, D. N. F^ne Pii IX; h. B. thai, Oftthednun Adelaidensem eccnpante, none vero ConcQil Oeneralis ratione kooia absente; faarilis S. Dominici hac in Givitate Priorisaa Teresa Moore; Victoria L, Brittaniarnm Begina, Aus tralia; meridivantes, Jacebo Ferguson, egenle procurante, Admodium; Bey. Joannes Smytb, Vacarins Generalis, Adelaidensia ; Mngna. Fideliom Multitudine Circutnutante; felidter in Domino Posuit." After the stone was laid the people adjourned to the schoolroom of the Convent, where ? very eloquent and appropriate sermon «v preached by the Very Bey. J. Smyth, V.0., who took his text from Gospel of St. Matthew, xxviii. c, Id and 20 v. "Going, therefore, teach ye all nations; baptising in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you; and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." Daring bis discourse the rev. gentleman referred to the benefit of .a good secular educa tion, combined with religion, and pointed out the advantage that the Catholic popu lation of this colony had over other deno minations in an independent system of educa tion without assistance from the State. He said that the battle of the Church was fought in the schoolroom, in training np the yeuth to become respectable and religious young men and women and an ornament to society. He also spoke in. high terms of the Nans of St. Dominies: and the Sisters of St. Joseph, who had parted with home, and friends, and .the world in order to impart to the y onth & good religious and secolax education. After the sermon a collection was made, which amounted to about £22. The building, which is of a gothic design, will be 41 feet long by 16 feet six inches wide in the clear, and 22 feet six inches high. The archi tects are Messrs. Wright, Woods, & Hamilton, and the builders Messrs. Bennett k Giddins, who have taken the contract at £31L 