HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, JIXXE S. The Speaker took the Chair at a quarter to 2 o'clock. PETITION. Mr. OUIN presented a petition from 136 residents «f Port Adelaide and Wallaroo m favour of fresh market legislation for the protectiou 01 private enterprise. , Received ana read. ASSENT TO THE APPROPRIATION BILL. The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) intimated that His Excellency would attend at the Council rhairhpr at a quarter-past 2 to give his assent to the Appropriation Bill. THJE OVERLAND TELEGRAPH TO PORT DARWIN. Mr. J. LINDSAY asked if there was any objec tion to lay on the table all correspondence that had taken place in reference to telegraphic communica tion with Great Britain. ^ ^ , . . . The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) laid on the table copy of a letter from Captain Osborn to the Chief Secretary, and copy of a telegram from the Agent-General to the Treasurer. Bead and ordered to be printed. REDUCTION OF MINISTERIAL SALABIES. Mr. QUIN asked the Treasurer " if it be the intention of the Government to bring in a Bill dunng the present session for the amendment cl the Constitution Act, with the view of reducing the salaries of tlie Ministers of the Crown to the sum of £500 each." The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) replied as follows:-"It is the intention of the Government to bring in a Bill during the present session for the amendment of the Constitution Act, b with the view of reducing the salaries of the Ministers of the Crown to the sum of £500 each." REARRANGEMENT OF LOCAL COURTS. Mr. STEWART asked the Attorney-General "whether the Government intend rearranging the Local Courts of the colony." Several of the Local Courts had been closed, to the disadvantage of a great many, and that was the reason why he asked the question. " " The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. R. C. Baker) said it was the intention of the Govern ment to rearrange the Local Courts of the colony. ; NEW ELECTORAL BILL. Mr. HUGHES asked the Treasurer " if he will submit to the House a measure providing for the subdivision of the Electoral Districts of Port Adelaide and Victoria." The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) replied: "The?Government propose to submit a Bill to the House to amend the Electoral Act for this and otherpurposes." PORT WAKEFIELD TRAMWAY LEASE. Mr. PLAYFORD asked the Commissioner of Public WorkB-"1. The date when the lessee of the Port Wakefield Tramway signed the lease. 2\. The date of his taking possession of the tramway. 3. The names of his sureties.' A report was about that the lease liad not been signed, and that no sureties had been appointed. """"" The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon J. Can) replied as follows: -" If the question refers to the -present lessee (Mr. Fergusson), the answer is-1. June 7, 1870. 2. Immediate steps have been taken to put the lessee in possession. 3\. Mr. Joseph Darwent.-If the question refers to the late lessee (Mr. Badcock), the answer is-1. January 4.1870. 2. January 4,1870. 3. There are no sureties, bnt Mr. Badcock gave an undertaking to obtain two approved sureties." RAILWAY RETURNS. Mr. BRIGHT, having obtained leave to amend the form of his motion, moved "That a return be laid on the table of this House, showing the goods traffic on the Port and Northern Railways for the four last quarters of the contract with Mr. Rounsevell, also for the quarters subsequent thereto; the return.to be in the an nexed form: [Form appended, with columns for the number of tons goods carried during each quarter, the gross amount of revenue, and tne net amount, deducting agency, during Rounsevell's contract; also the number of tons goods carried and the net amount received under the present system of management.] The Teturn to state the amount of goods carried for the use of the above railways, whether for maintenance or otherwise, and whether the same has been credited to the railway account; and also what additional number of clerks have been appointed under the present system, and the amount of salaries paid te each." He was exceedingly anxious that a plain, straight forward account of the working of the goods traffic on tile railways should be placed on the table- the more so because the late Commissioner of Public "Works and the late Treasurer had stated that under the present system a more favourable return was given than under the previous system. He was also desirous that hon. members should be in a position to judge for themselves of the advantage or otherwise of carrying on the present course of management. He believed tne expense of Bhunting, which formed one item in Mr. Rounsevell's contract, was not taken into account in the returns of outlay under the present 8y6teua, The more complete and reliable the information obtained in reply to hifl motion the better position would the House be to consider the wbole subject of the railway management. He believed it was the desire and wish of the House to make the railways reproductive, and at the same time of general benefit to the community. If it was a fact that at present they did not pay anything like their working expenses it was time that some new system should be devised. (Hear.) The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Carr) said there was not the slightest objection to giving the information, and making it as reliable as possible. The Government were anxious that the whole of the facts should be before the House, and he should have preferred for the hon. mover to have reserved bis comments until they were placed on the table. (Hear, hear.) He hoped non. members would entirely suspend their judgment until the returns were laid before them. (Hear, hear.) He had an impression that the opinion of the House would not be exactly the same as that which the hon. member had fore shadowed. ' , ,, Mr. WARD suggested that the motion should make provision to secure a return of revenue paid by other departments to the Railway Department. ("It is in the motion.") Mr. BRIGHT did not wish to ada anything to the return, but the hon. member might move for further information if he was not satisfied. (Hear, hear.) He trusted the return would be satisfac tory, but he feared that it would not justify the anticipation of the Commissioner. Carried. COUNTRY LOCAL COURTS. Mr. TOWNSEND moved- , " 41 That it is desirable that the Local Courts of Woodside and Mount Pleasant be reopened forth He^lioped members would not interfere with his motion by adding the names of other Courts to it, as they should be considered on their individual merits. The question had been discussed last session, when 11 voted for the motion and 13 against it. With regard to the Woodside Court he felt strongly. He maintained (that the House had no right to interfere between the Government and the people. TUB APPROPRIATION BILL. A message from the Legislative Council announced that His Excellency the Governor de sired the attendance of hon. members in that Chamber On their return, the SPEAKER reported that His Excellency had been pleased to give his assent to an Act for the further appropriation of the revenue forfthe years 18B8-9-70. COUNTRY LOCAL COURTS.-RESUMED DEBATE. , , ,. , Mr. TOWNSEND said in matters of this kind that were purely executive he held that the proper course was for the people to go to uie (joveinment In accordance with that view a de* putation waited on tlie GovcrunifiDt of the day in reference to the closing of these Courts, and that having failed, a memorial was forwarded. The answer was that if it could be shown that if the costs were small the Courts might be opened. He understood that the closing of the Woodside Court had caused great inconvenience. MESSAGES.-THE TWEED BONUS AND THE TELEGRAPH TO PORT DARWIN. The SPEAKER reported the receipt of the fol lowing messages from Excellency the Go* vemor:- ,. " No. 4. Replying to Address No. 1, and informing the House that provision would be made in the Estimates for the year 1871, to an extent not ex ceeding £2,000, as a bonus for the. first, 10,000 yards of woollen tweed manufactured in the province. No. 5. Replying to Address No. 3, and recom mending the House to make provision by Bill for the repayment with interest of a sum not exceeding £120,000. to be raised^ by loan, for defraying the cost of constructing a line of telegraph from Port Augusta to Port Darwin, to connect this province with the line from Europe in course of erection by the British-Australian Telegraph Company. The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) moved that he have leave to prepare and bring in a Bill on the subject of the telegraph to Port Darwin. The SPEAKER said the initiation of a Bill must be by motion, and the only plan would be for the boo. member to suspend the Standing Orders. The TREASURER (Bon. J. Hart) moved the suspension of the Standing Orders, to enable him to move for leave to introduce a Bill. The motion was declared to be carried. Mr. WAED called for a division, which resulted as follows : \- Ayes 25-The Attorney-General, the Commis sioner of Crown Lands, the Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. Bean, Bright. Cavenagh, Coglin, Darling; Glyde, Hay, Hughes, .KrichaufF, Laurie, A. F. Lindsay, Mildred, Murray, Pearce, Quin, Bamsay, Stewart, Strangways, Townsend, Watts, and Wentzell, and the Treasurer (teller). Noes 2.-Messrs. Duffield and Ward (teller). Majority of 23 for the Ayes. The TEEASUEER (Hon. J.fHart) moved that he have leave to introduce a Bill in accordance with the Governor's message. . , The Hon- H. B. T. STRANGWAYS enquired whether the Government proposed to charge a portion of the coBt to the Northern Territory. A great part of the line would travel through the Territory, and eventually that track of country would be separated from this colony. If similar provisions to those that were inserted in the Northern Territory Loan Act were adopted, there would be no difficulty in arranging the matter when the separation tookplace. The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) said the question had been considered by the Government, but they had not had time as yet to decide upon the details. He would, however, point out that the cost could afterwards be made a charge to the Northern Territory. Mr. DUFFIELD should take every opportunity that the forms of the House would allow of op posing the motion before the House. He was satisfied that the day was not far distant when he should feel proud for the stand he now took, and the country would wish that the House had gone with him. He did not see why they should rush to the measure in this way, simply because if they passed terms that werersalisfactory to the English people they would construct the line. Before they had time properly to look into the matter they were asked to commit themselves to an expenditure, the extent of which no mortal could estimate intelligently, as the country was quite unknown. He knew that it was thougnt by many persons that they would be doing a great thing if they caused the Victorians to get their telegrams through this colony; but he could info- ni the House that Victoria looked very com placently on the matter, knowing that they could keep their money in their pockets, because they were going to be provided with one line by Queens land, and now another by South Australia, He knew it would require more eloquence than he pcsEeseed to divert them from their intention, but the Jay would come when they would wish that tl;» had voted with him. iiie ATTOENEY-GENEEAL(Hon. E. C. Baker) remarked that two resolutions were passed yester day-one that the line to Port Darwin should be immediately constructed, and a Bill brought in to carry that out; and the other, that the co operation of the other colonies should be solicited. He felt sure that if they got the assistance of the other colonies the line would be remunerative. There fore the question of making the cost a charge to the northern Territory was placed in a different aspect to what it would have been if the second resolution had not been carried. Both branches of the Legislature would have to pass the Bill, and before that was done very likely an answer would have been received from the other colonies. (Oh.) They had already received Beveral telegrams from the other colonies en the subject. They had that morning received a telegram, in which it was stated that the delegates appointed would have full authority to act in this matter. (A laugh.) There was therefore a proba bility that the neighbouring colonies would join them, and the objections raised by the two last speakers were, to a great extent, met. Mr. WAED must protest against the course which was being taken to involve the colony in such an expenditure as; the proposed telegraph would cost, for all the advantages of telegraphic communication with the mother-country could be obtained without the expense of a single farthing on their part; and with the exception of a few commercial men the public were just as well satis fied in having the telegraphic intelligence by way of Queensland as they would by way of Port Augusta. The proposed scheme would pledge them to an almost ruinous expense at a time when there was a general demand for retrenchment, and it must be recollected that the expenditure would not be limited to £120,000. Then, as to the cost of maintenance, it was absurd to suppose that the line would pay with the few messages that would be seDt at 10s. each, when the telegraph between here and Melbourne at 6s. per message did not pay working.expenses and interest of money. It was therefore simple absurdity to expect any revenue would be derived; they would rather have to make up a large annual sum for maintenance. It would be a shame to South Aus tralia to permit such a thing, and he should avail himself of every form of the House to oppose the project. Mr. GLYDE wished to know if the Government intended rushing the Bill through that day. (No.) Did they expect to pass it through all its stages in both Houses by Friday? He should not object to the introduction of the Bill, although it was pro bable he should vote against the sccond reading. If there was any idea of passing the Bill that week he should do all he could to throw it out The TEEASUEER (Hon. J. Hart) said a notice of motion had been given that it was desirable the colony should be represented at the approaching Conference in Melbourne, and a deputation from the Chamber of Commerce in tended waiting upon him the next morning on the subject. The Government desired the House to agree to the proposal, and the other House would be asked to agree to it also. He did not think it would be necessary to adjourn the House but for that purpose. This particular Bill and the Land Bill could be easily prepared without having the whole Ministry here; one member, therefore, could be spared to go to the Conference, whilst the other could go on with the Bill. Last night the Government had to elect whether they would undertake this telegraph to Port Darwin or not. (Hear.) Having agreed to nndertake it, they wished to do so with great faith. (Hear, hear.) They desired to bring forward a Bill, and they would endeavour to get it passed, so as to carry out the intentions of the House. (Hear.) He must confess he would rather have seen more time taken. (Hear, hear.) It would have been better to have had more time to consider the matter; but time pressed with regard to the acceptance or rejection of the English Company's proposal. He would endeavour to get all the infor mation he could on the subject before the second reading of the Bill came on; and besides that, they would endeavour to ascertain the lia bility that they would be under if they did not finish the work by the time stated. (Hear, hear.) Steps would be taken to ascertain whether Com mander Osbom would bind the Company if they bound the colony to any negotiation-(Hear)-in (act, the Government would see that everything was clear and fair, and would submit it to the House before they committed themselves. They had not lost a single minute in trying to get infor mation, and they would lay it before hon. mem bers, so that it would be the fault of the House if the Bill were not carried. The Government felt that they would not be justified in accepting the conditions unless the Bill was passed by both branches of the Legislature. They would use their utmost endeavours to get the Bill passed, but they would not undertake the work until it was carried. (Hear.) Mr. GLYDE understood from that that the Government had given up the idea of adjourning on Friday. (Order.) The motion was put and carried. COUNTRY LOCAL COUETS.-RESUMED DEBATE. Mr. TOWNSEND claimed the sympathy of the House after the interruptions to which he had been subjected. (A laugh.) He would state that the only answer received from the Government in re ference to the closing of the Woodside Court was that the Mount Barker Court was only 12 miles distant, and suitors could go there; but he would inform the House that it was easier to travel over 20 miles of metalled road than six of bad unmade road. He believed Mount Pleasant had even stronger claims for the opening of its Court than Woodside, and as the expense of opening the two would only be about j£S0, he would put it to hon. members whether two large agricultural districts should be deprived of such a reasonable want as they now asked for. He did not think all the Magistrates were sufficiently worked, and by a little rearrangement justice could be dispensed at the Courts mentioned in the motion without creating any fresh Magistrates. He asked the House to deal with the question on its merits and assent to the motion. Mr. WAED seconded. The Hon. H. B. T. STEANGWAYS asked whether the motion ought not to be considered in Committee, as it proposed to deal with an expen diture of public money. The SPEAKER agreed, and the House was moved into Committee. Mr. COGLIN proposed an amendment that before the word "forthwith" the following be inserted, " and all other Courts of the colony." (Laughter.) The Hon. H. B. T. STEANGWAYS said that would involve the reopening of the Angaston and Hindmarsh Courts; also the Magill Court, where a member of the other House dispensed gratuitous j ustice to those that liked to accept it. (Laughter.) Then there was the Freeling Court-about a dozen in fact, would have to be reopened. He thought something of a case could be made out for Mount Pleasant and Angaston-(Hear)-but if they consulted the public convenience in preference to publicans* convenience they would close the Gumeracha Court, and not the Mount Pleasant Court. (Mr. Ward-"No.") With regard to the Woodside Court, it was no great distance from Mount Barker if the hon. member was prepared to travel at a fair moderate pace. (A laugh.) If he wanted to travel double the pace a horse ought to go, and the road was a bad one, he would of course run the risk of depriving the colony of one of its most respected members. (Laughter.) The question of Local Courts was thrust upon the Government by the action of the Legislature, who said they would not retain so many Magis trates. He believed they were right. It had been the fashion to create magisterial appoint ments and give them to persons -who had tried other things and failed. If the Government would look through the liBt of names of those who had sought for positions as Stipendiary Magistrates, they would be surprised at some of the applicants. He would ask the House to look at the motion, especially with the amendment* as just the be ginning of the end. If they commenced Courts where the necessities of the public did not require them, they would go back to the same lavish ex penditure whiich the House curtailed IS months aco. He would remind the House that since the Minor Offences^ Bill had been passed all the criminal 'jurisdiction of the Courts was done away with, so' that the business was. con siderably lessened. The chief use of the Gourts now was to recover small debts, and lie did not think the public were called upon to establish them i'ost for the.benefit of a storekeeper, in order that te might be enabled to get in his accounts. Mount Pleasant would doubtless require a Court, on account of the business likely to arise from the diggings, but in that case the one at Gumeracha ought to be closed; and if the Court were reopened at Angaston there was another in that locality that ought to be shut np. The ATTORN E Y -GENER A L (Hon. E. O. Baker) said he bad not changed the views he held on this subject and hiB colleagues concurred in tbe plan which he should lay before the House. He believed the present expenditure on Local Courts, amounting as it did to £10.641, was as much as the colony could afford. He thought, however, that several of the Courts might De reinstated without adding one farthing more to the expenses already incurred. He did not think it was neces sary to have resident clerks in each district, and it would be easy to issue summonses from one Court and have the cases tried in others. The proceedings connected with the Circuit Court at Mount Gambier were taken out in the Supreme Court, and the cases were tried down there, and a plan similar to this might be adopted with'respect to the Local Courts; for in stance, a summons could be taken out at Tanunda, and (the case might be heard at Angaston. The Government could not agree with the motion as amended. There were some Courts that might be reopened, and he believed the two named in the motion had good claims in this respect. (Hear.) The Government would, however, ask the hon. member to withdraw his motion. They could not carry hiB desire out " forthwith." They intended to bring the whole matter of Local Courts before the House, and the hon. member's arguments would not be overlooked. The Courts of Mount Pleasant, Woodside, and Angaston lay at the outskirts of civilization-(laughter) that was so far as Local Courts were concerned, and settlement waB every day extending beyond them. They therefore had good claims to ask to be reopened: but these and others would be con sidered in the comprehensive scheme that the Government would introduce. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HPGTTKS rose to move his contingent notice of motion-that the Courts of Kadina and Moonta be added to the resolution. Yorke's Peninsula had a population of 17,000 souls, and the closing of these Courts had caused great inconvenience. The Central Court should have been kept open in preference to the one at the seaboard. When the Court was open at Kadina the inhabitants of Green's PiainB had a distance of 15 miles to go, and now they were compelled to journey on to Wallaroo, some six miles further. As to whether the Courts were remunerative, he would point out that in 1867 the fees realized the sum of £1,100. He regarded the claims of Kadina as being greater than of any other Court, and he trusted the Government would consider them. The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) felt that it was a hardship that the Court at Kadina had been closed, but he would remind the last hon. member that the Court at Moonta had never been shut up. (A laugh.) With the facilities that existed on the Peninsula for travelling he thought one CLerk might do the work of all three Courts, and thus the expenses would be very small. He should, in tbe interests of the shipping at Port Wallaroo, object to the closing of the Court there; but as the Government proposed to revise the present Courts he need say nothing more on the subject. Mr. BRIGHT was pleased to hear the remarks of the Attorney-General, and as he seemed to think he could reinstate several Courts without any additional expense he would remind the hon. member that the Stockport Court stood at a greater disadvantage than any other Court so far as dis tance was concerned. He hoped, therefore, that the claims of that Court would be considered by the Attorney-General. Mr. PLAYFORD urged the hon. member for the Start to withdraw his motion after the state ment that the Attorney-General had made. With respect to the Woodside Court, he would remind the House that it would be a pitv to close it after they had built such an expensive house, Mr. WARD said Mount Pleasant was the centre of five districts, and ought to have a Court. Hedid not agree with the suggestion that the Gumeracha Court should be closed, because it was the centre of a very large district, and much needed now that the Teatree Gully Court was shut up. He thought it would be much better to arrange for the Magistrate and Clerk to visit districts once a month rather than that the suitors should be compelled to undertake the journeys. Mr. DUFFIELD hoped the member would withdraw the motion. He hoped, however, the Government wculd consider the'claims of Angaston, as they were tenfold Btronger than those that were advanced in favour of Mount Pleasant (A laugh.) Be referred to the hard action which thelate Govern ment had taken in removing some of the Magis trates, and putting them to an expense which in volved as much as a year's salary in one instance. He thought the Government should remunerate them, and if the finances could bear it he should move that compensation be granted them. Mr. HAY intended to support the motion, and thought it was wrong of members to try and kill it by adding a number of trumpery cases. He hoped that the Government, when they revised the Courts, would take care and open the one at Mount Pleasant. Mr. GLYDE hoped the hon. member would withdraw the motion, or he should oppose it. He did not think it was right for members to propose motions like this, which should be referred to the Executive. After the assurance of the Attorney General that he would introduce a comprehensive scheme dealing with the whole subjeet, he thought the motion might be withdrawn. He might say he could propose Salisbury and advance arguments tenfold stronger than those that had been advanced in favour of other Courts. (A laugh.) He merely spoke thus to show the reductio ad absurdum to which the proposals of hon. members might be carried. Mr. PEARCE also wished the hon. member would withdraw the motion. He could say some thing in favour of Freeling-and Stockport, but he thought it was better that they, with other dis tricts, should be considered in the comprehensive scheme that the Attorney-General would intro duce. Mr. COGLIN was glad to hear the straightfor ward statement of the Attorney- General, and he would ask leave to withdraw his amendment. Mr. CAVENAGH fully agreed with the hon. member Mr. Glyde that they should not interfere with the functions of the Executive; and, as regarded the Court at Salisbury, he hoped it would receive the consideration it deserved. Mr. TOWN SEND had distinctly stated that they first of all appealed to the Executive, and that having failed their only recourse was to appeal to the House. He agreed with the remarks of the hon. member Mr. Duflield as to the injustice which had been done to several Magistrates by removing them from one district to another. As the Government bad assented to tbe principle of his motion, and as they intended to introduce a comprehensive measure dealing with the whole question, he would ask leave to withdraw his motion. Motion withdrawn. MARRIAGE OF DECEASED WIFE'S SISTER nn.f, Mr. HAY rose to move " That he have leave to introduce a Bill for an Act to legalize the marriage of a man with the sister of his deceased wife." The Hon. H. B. T. STRANGWAYS rose to order. This motion was to introduce a Bill similar to one passed last session, which, they were in formed, had been reserved for the signification of Her Majesty. ("No. no." "It was not pre sented.") In that case the point did not arise. (Hear and a laugh.) Mr. BAY should not have submitted this motion had the Bill been in the position indicated. This was a subject that had been repeatedly discussed. Last session a Bill was introduced in precisely the same form as this, and was passed through the House almost without discussion. It went to the other branch of the Legislature, and got as far as the third reading; but was not placed before His Excellency. A similar measure had been read a second time in the House of Commons, and the change of opinion in that Chamber and in the House of Lords upon the subject had been so great that it was likely to become law in Great Britain during the present session. It would be of advantage to nave this Bill passed and sent home by the outgoing mail, as it would strengthen the hands of those who were in favour of such a measure in England. Carried. The Bill was laid on the table and read a first time. Mt. HAY moved his contingent notice "That the Standing Orders be suspended to enable the Bill to pass through all its stages." The Hon. H. B. T. STRANGWAYS remarked that hon. members should have the Bill before them. If it was in the usual stock form it con tained a provision which ought to be altered. It not only legalized all marriageB heretofore cele brated-that he had no objection to so far as the legislation was concerned, but there should be a clause providing that in the case of people who had inherited, property through marrying a de ceased wife's sister-the children, not being legiti mate, should not be_ deprived of the inheritance through the legitimatizing of those children by the Bill. He believed there were one or two cases in which the rights of parties would be interfered with unless such a proviso was inserted. The ATTOENE * -GENERAL (Hon. R. C. Baker) understood the hon. member to refer to cases in which a_ person who had married his deceased wife s sister had afterwards married somebody else and had children by her. (No.) Then he did not know what the point was. (Hear, hear.) The motion was carried. Mr. HAY moved that the Bill be read a second time. It was a precise copy of the Bill that had been passed'four or five times before, and he hoped ' no alteration would be made in its form. The object was to legitimatize marriages that had taken place, and render lawful similar marriages in future. As to cases of hardship that might arise, that was a subjeet for after-consideration. He did not think that any existed, but that the Hon. Mr. Strangways had spoken upon supposition. (Hear, hear.) There were a considerable number of personBboth in England and in the colony who had married ttie sister of their deceased wife. The law was in existence in America and in most of ttie countries of Europe, and he thought Great .Britain and her colonies were behind the age in not adopting it. Mr. BRIGHT opposed the second reading, and it was notmng but the strong feeling he enter tamed in opposition to the Bill that induced him to do so, seeing that the measure was a popular one. But although it might be popular, it did not follow that it was right. He should not trouble the House with any lengthened remarks, but he felt very strongly that it was contrary to every right principle that , a man should lie empowered to marry the raster of his deceased wife. The measure find been de fended on scriptural grounds and on grounds of . expediency. With regard to the latter he believed that the reverse was the case, for an unmarried woman could not feel the freedom in coming to the house to look after her decease! sister's chil dren that she now felt if this law was passed. He did not find that the measure was loudly called for by the females, although they were equally inte rested with the males. If permission was given to marry a deceased wife's sister, why should not a woman be authorized to marry her deceased hus band's brother ? (Hear, hear.) The House should consider that in passing the Bill they would do violence to the opinions of a large number of the inhabitants of the province. The clergy of the Established Church were as a rule entirely opposed to it, and so also were the Roman Catholics. So much so that not one of their clergy would celebrate a marriage of the kind if the Act was passed. (Hear, hear.) If they carried this out the next thing would be to have a Bill submitted imposing a penalty upon ministers who refused to perform the ceremony of marriage between a man and the sister of his deceased wife. (No.) The feeling in favour of this measure had grown, and why might not the feeling in favour of such a course grow also ? The Act would not be of the benefit that some thought, but would be a step towards breaking down the prohibitions recognised by the ecclesiastical law, and in the direction of incest. They had already seen cases in the colony of persons marrying their nieces, and the next thing would be to have all restrictions broken down. He had long considered the subject, and believed the advantages of the Bill would be nothing as compared with its disadvantages. He moved that it be read a second time that day six months. Mr. GLEESON seconded, and should not trouble the House with many remarks after the able speech they had just listened to. He believed passing the measnre would be a Btep towards sapping the foundation of family happiness and destroying the sanctity of family ties. It was a decided disadvantage where unmarried 6isters lived with married sisters for the husband to be able to look forward to the possibility of his mar riage with the former. This was not nis own idea, but had been brought forward by one of the ablest members of the House of Commons. He waB satisfied that to grant the permission the Bill did would have the effect of upsetting family friend ships and domestic felicity, and would pave the way for a proposition that a man should be allowed to marry his own sister. (Laughter aud No.) A measure of this kind was simply absurd, and he was sure the Queen would never give her aesent to it. He believed there was a large ma jority of members pledged to carry the measure through, and therefore it was not worth while his occupying more time. He contented himself with protesting as an individual member against the measure. The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) supported the Bill, and remarked that the number of those who held the opinions given expression to by the hoa, member Mr. Bright was rapidly decreasing. He believed that as large a proportion of the laity of the Church of England would be glad to see this Bill passed as of any other denomination. The clergy might take a different view, but so far as his experience went he should not altogether like to endorse the views entertained by the clergy of any particular denomination, (Hear, hear.) In matters of this sort the laity were as able to form an opinion as the clergy. He considered that the passing of this Bill would tend to prevent the occurrence of familiarities which often led to crime. He did not think it all likely that measures would be introduced to allow a man to marry his grandmother, or otherwise to interfere with the prohibited degrees. The Bill was not intended to get rid of social evils, but for quite another purpose, and he believed it was not unlikely that it would receive Her Majesty's assent. Mr. J. LINDSAY intended to support the Bill, and remarked that it would check an evil now current, which was that a widower being deuied the right to marry his deceased wife's Bister was in the habit of living in concubinage with her. It was a crying evil that this should be the case. It was possible that this Bill would not be allowed, but the subject had been brought forward time after time in the British Legislature, and in every case the majority against it had diminished. He looked forward to the period when the principle now sought to be adopted would become the law of England, and the House should strengthen the hands of those who supported it by passing this Bill. Mr. A. F. LINDSAY should support the amendment. The arguments that the hon. member Mr. Bright had brought forward might be multiplied. Marriage between persons with certain affinities was prohibited by ecclesiastical law, and if in this case an alteration was made on physio logical or other grounds, other relationships should be changed. This he considered was not de sirable. Mr. COGLIN had been brought up a Roman Catholic; but he could not see any great reason for opposition to the BilL A man's wife's sister was no more related to him that his deceased wife was before he married her. (Laughter.) He did not think it would cause any degeneracy in the human race- (laughter)-to allow a matrimonial alliance to be formed between a man and his de ceased wife's sister. (Hear, hear.) Having had the opinions of the most talented man in the legal profession that there was nothing wrong in it, and having read the reports of debates upon the subject in the European Mail, which he took in regularly, and from which he gleaned much information daughter)-he should support the Bill. He had not joined any organization for carrying it out; but he saw nothing wrong in it. If his wife was to die to- morrow, he would marry her sister just as soon or in preference to any other woman. (Loud laughter.) The amendment that the word "now" be struck out was put, and it was declared that the Ayes had it. Mr. BRIGHT called for a division : ATES, 25-The Attorney-General, the Treasurer, the Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. Bean, Cheriton, Coglin, Darling, Dutheld, Glyde. Hamil ton, Hughes, Laurie, J. Lindsay, Mann, Mildred, Murray, Pearce, Playford, Quia, Stewart, Strang ways, Townsend, Ward, Watts, and Hay (teller). NOES, 6-Messrs. Cavenagb, Gleeson, A. F. Lindsay, Ramsay, Wentzel, and Bright (teller). Majority of 19 for the Ayes. The Bill was then read a second time. In Committee. ClauseL The Hon. H, B. T. STKANGWAYS moved that the following amendment be placed at the end of thisclauEe:-"Nor shall the passing of this Act deprive or be held to have deprived any person of any property which such person may have lawfully inherited prior to the coming into operation of this Act, or affect any lis pendens." The object of this was to prevent anything like ex post facto legislation in regard to the possession of property. Mr. HAT trusted that the hon member would not press his amendment. It would only lead to complication, and there was no practical necessity for it. He hoped the Bill would be agreed to without alteration. Mr. MAM supported the amendment. It was not merely a matter of form, for it was highly im portant not to interfere with vested rights by means of retrospective legislation. It would be an iniquitous thing by such means to deprive persona of the property they had inherited. Mr. PT/AYFOBD thought there could be at all events no harm in passing the amendment, and it would have the recommendation of removing doubts as to the rights of those who had acquired property under the former state of the law. The ATTORNEY - GENERAL (Hon. K C. Baker) also agreed that the proviso was impor tant. It was only further carrying out the sound principle recognised in the proviso, which now formed part of the clause. The Hon. H. B. T. STRANGWAYS was indif ferent whether a Bill of this kind was passed or not: but if it was to be very clear and explicit the third line of the clause should be altered, as it might appear from it that a man could only marry the sister of his deceased wife after she was dead. (A laugh.) Mr. HAY should much prefer the clause to remain in its present form. The amendment was carried, and the clause passed as amended. Preamble and title passed. House resumed, ana the report was agreed to. The Bill was then read a third time and passed, THE WASTE LANDS RESOLUTIONS. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. Blytb) proposed that these should stand later on the Paper, but at the request of several hon. members he at once moved that they be made an Order for next day. Carried. THE PORT AUGUSTA NORTHWARD RAILWAY. Mr. CHERITON moved " That in the opinion of this House, before any Act is introduced to guarantee a rate of interest for the construction of a line of rail or tramway from Port Augusta northwards, steps should be taken to call for tenders for the construction of the same, either on guarantee of interest or by grants of land in payment." He agreed in the statements made as to the desirability -of having this line constructed, be lieving that it would be the means of finding a market for much of their cereals and for the em ployment of labour; but he considered it would be well for tenders to be called for. In 1867 a Bill was passed in favour of guaranteeing a certain rate upon a certain sum per mile; but those terms had not been acquiesced in, and he believed the best course was to ascertain from capitalists what they were prepared to do the work for. It would save time, which was a great object in regard to the undertaking, and it would be the most business like way of settling the. question - the way, in fact, which any of them would adopt in regard to a work they desired to have carried out. He believed, with very few exceptions, the members had when before their constituents ex pressed themselves favourable to this railway, and he presumed the Government could give such information as would form the basis for the tenders. Mr. GLEESON considered the motion un necessary, and asked the hon. member to with draw it He believed there was a majority in favour of the railway,- and the first step was to pass a Bill fixing a maximum rate of guarantee, say 6 per cent., and a maximum construction rate, say JE4.CC0 a mile, the gauge, weight of rails, and so on. After that tenders might be invited, aud a Company might be found willing to undertake the work somewhat below the maximum fixed. Mr. HAMILTON opposed the motion, and hoped it would be withdrawn. As there had been no surveys taken, and there were ne specifications in existence, it would be impossible for Companies to tender unless they had representatives to go over the proposed course of the railway and make estimates for them. If the hon. mover had not said that he was in favour of the tin*, and wished to save time, he should have formed just the reverse opinion from the action he had taken. The adoption of his proposal would only cause a 12 months' delay. The scheme shadowed forth by the last speaker was that which would probably commend itself to hon. members. Mr. WATTS opposed the motion. If it was carried it would render surveys necessajy-(No) -and wou'.d prevent the introduction of a Bill under which the ^railway could be carried out. It was well, known the Act of 3867 liad not been acted upon because ua terms were not sufficiently liberal. There M been the agent of an English Company, herft who was prepared to give all necessary securities for tne carrying out of the work at asuaranteeof 6 per cent, upon a maximum of £4 000 per mile for^30 years. It was well known that £5,000 was the lowest rate per mile at which a railway had been constructed in the colony-(No)-that was the une between Boseworthy and Tarlee. The agent of the English Company had left a power of attorney authorizing the contract to be entered into when more liberal terms were offered. If the motion was carried, it would prevent the passing of a Bill to carry out what was universally acknowledged to be an undertaking of the greatest importance. The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) asked the hon. mover to withdraw the motion. The Govern ment were to a certain extent pledged m una matter, and their desire was to bring in a Bui under which the railway could be constructed in the shortest possible time and in the cheapest possible manner. As to the particular mode of accomplishing thiB object, opinions might differ, but that was what the Government would have in ^Mr. DUFFIELD should not object to.the. with drawal of the motion, but must vote for it if it was Sassed. It appeared to him that the hon# meniber Ir. Watts had spoken in favour of the proposition. He had shown that there was already one tender to do the work at £4,000 a mile on a 6 per cent, guarantee, and there might be other Englun Companies ready to do the work for less* Ho believed that such was the fact, and the statement of that offer was already a full answer to the suggestions of the hon. member Mr. Hamilton that a survey must be made before capitalists would be in a position to tender. They had been told not very long ago that an offer had been sent in to do the work in terms of the present Act, and that £5,cot' had been deposited-(Hear, hear, and No)-and yet it was said the termswere not liberal enough. He believed that the reiusal to take up the work on the terms stated was due to the representations of persons in the colony that if the intending tenderers stood out they would get more. (Hear, hear.) There might be some of these persons hearing him, but if not there w6re some outside who would be able to read his state ment. He had not been able to discover that the person who offered to undertake this work on a construction rate of £,4000 per mile and a gua* rantee of 6 per cent, had given a bond to carry the line out to its completion, and the want of that had somewhat prevented an amendment of the Act. He was satisfied, in the present state of the English money market, that people might be found willing to enter upon this work on more favourable teims than were now placed before the Government. , . ... , Mr, WATTS wished to explain, with reference to the survey of the line,8, that Mr. Wallace, the representative of the English Company, had actually surveyed the line, and had made his otter from personal observation. The SPEAKER said the hon. member was out of order. (Hear, hear.) , .... Mr. A. F. LINDSAY suggested that the reso lution should be withdrawn, and the matter left for the present in the hands of the Government. The Act on the Statute-book he had carefully referred to, and he thought if the parties who put up the matter were really in earnest they were very foolish, not to take that Act, for he certainly would not agree to pass a similar one. With regard to the guarantee principle, he was thoroughly satisfied tliat whatever interest WEB guaranteed, on whatever amount, tbe whole of it would have to be paid by the colony. He said that, having been acquainted with railways for forty years in different countries. He was quite opposed to any Bill offering a guarantee of interest. If there was any truth whatever in the statements made with regard to the country north of Port Augusta a guaranteelwould be perfectly unnecessary. It was clearly demonstrated by the hon. member for Start that there would be a clear profit of 15 per cent, to any Company taking up the work, and if a Company did it he would let them havethewhole of the 15 per cent. He doubted the desirability of it being done by a Company at alL He hoped the course adopted by the colony would be a continua tion of what had been commenced-Government control. If things had been mismanaged it only proved that the Government had been incompe tent. As to tbe terms not being liberal enough, they were as liberal as any English Company could possibly expect. He had Deen over the country, and believed tbat the line could be con structed at the very lowest cost that any railway was ever constructed for in any part of the world. Mr, TOWNSEND believed there was a united strong party in the House in favour of the Port Augusta Railway, and that they could only be defeated in their object by disunion among them selves. He hoped they would keep m mind the distinct fact that one part of their work for the session was to have the Port Augusta Railway carried out. Aa the Government nad promised that they would in the quickest and best manner introduce a Bill, he hoped the hon. member for Mount Barker would withdraw his motion. The hon. member Mr. Duffield had alluded to a person who arrived in the colony to take.up the scheme, and be hoped he would listen to his evidence* 1^ answer to Question No. 22-" I see it reported in the papers to have been stated in the House that I came out prepared to take the work at 5 per cent., or under the original estimate. The gentleman who made that statement must have been greatly misinformed. My instructions were most decided upon leaving, and by last mail I received a letter reiterating the instructions 1 got then-that o per cent, for 30 years were the very lowest terms upon which it could be done. He did not like to hear sneers, especially against a gentleman luce Mr. Wallace, equal or superior to many members of that House, who had the fullest power of attorney from capitalists in the old country ana the highest credentials. If. any member knew anything about string-pulling he hoped it would be charged directly, and not put forth in imaendoes. At the late election it was asserted ,because of theldeep interest he took in the matter, that he expected to have a director ship in some Company. Jfow he might have made mistakes like other people, but he asked whether any hon. member ever knew him by any public act to put one farthing in his pocket. (Hear, hear, and a laugh.) In lSt>4 he introduced a Bui, when a gentleman was in the colony who had. power to undertake the construction of the line if the go vernment would have given one mile of land on each side. (Hear, hear.) What was the value of that land now? The House made it every alter nate mile, and rendered valueless the gentleman s power of attorney. The Treasurer knew that sub sequently there was an offer from Mr. Bhrimpton, who, however, by the time it arrived here, was insolvent, and another offer was made by sending to Mr. Fuller, the Mayor of the city, and guarantee ing him £5,000. Mr. Fuller's power was not aufti cient, and with shrewdness-he would not say anything else-(a laugh)-lodged-not £5,000, but a deposit receipt with the Government, which they had no power over at alL Tne names of the Directors were given in the evidence, including such men as George Palmer Bidder, Colonel J. A. Cole, Albert Birardo. (banter), Edward Clark (civil engineer), and others. The powers of attorney were most ample, and in two months, if tbe terms had been agreed to, skilled men would have been shipped to commence the work. He had to thank the Govemmait for the promise they had made, and. hoped they would push on a work which would give employment to the people and develop the resources of the Far North. (Cheers.) . . " , , . Mr. PEARCE understood the last speaker to say there was a strong party in the House pledged to carry this matter through. He was proud to say he was not pledged-{Hear, hear) and intended, after giving it the imwfc mature consideration, to support that which, he be lieved would be for the best mterestof^ the colony, not of a Company. (Hear, hear.) Whether there had keen any string-pulling, he was not in a position to say; but lie was of opinion mat the en couragement given by persons in South Australia to representatives of Companies to stand out for certain concessions limpeded the carrying out ot tbe undertaking. (Hear, hear.) While he was in favour of the increased rate of interest being given, unless verv good reasons were shown, he would oppose to the last moment any extension of the limit to the coBt of construction. (Hear, hear.) If, after the promise of the Government, the warm supporters of the Bill were determined to carry out their view, whether the House would or no, it was Hmg for them to look a little more into the question, and see whether there was not some influence which they might not be cognizant of. He was thoroughly in favour of opening up the country.; but when a gentleman like Mr. Bagot stated posi tively that the rail proposed to be. employed (40 lbs.) was altogether beyond the requirements ot the colony, the youngeBt member of the House would be justified in pausing before committing the House to a course which they would have to regret for . years *© come. To show the atoiraijy wedibly SKS that the Koseworthy Extension Line was too expensive-that sleepers were rejected by the Kngineer-in-Chief as not good enough, and that they were used as joists in the fine, substantial _ building nor known as the National Bank at Gawler. He considered in a new country railways to carry all the traffic that would be required for the next 25 years without anv great expenditure for repairs might be constructed at much less cost than ttey had been, and those were the sort of railways which the country wanted, and whichfhe should be hMrYPLAY^OBD thought the House was going away from the motion of the hon. member. (Hear.) He was in favour of the construction of a railway northward of Port Augusts* find he was also favourable to an increase in the rate of guarantee, seeing that the interest which had pre viously been offered had not led to any one under taking the work. He would point out that it did not fellow because they guaranteed interest on the amount of £4.000 per mile that £4,009 would be spent. (Hear.) Provisions would be inserted an the Bill, so that if £4,000 per mile were not spent the interest would not be paid; that it would, m fact, be only paid on the sum that was expended. With respect to the construction of the railway, they coula not expect parties in England to. con . Btruct a line that would need constant repairing. Be considered a 40-lb. rail was quite ught enough, particularly as there would be heavy tramc m tne shape of copper ore. He saw no necessily for the motion, as tne Government would shortly be in troducing a Bill oh the question, when they coula have a Fair upstanding fight. He k?ew nothing about wire-pulling, and so far as he was concemet l it had not been put in exercise. The statement bad been circulate during the late elertionthata number of the members of the last Parliament were influenced in their views on the question by being offered positions of emolument when the railway was made. He did not believe the state* ment was true. He trusted the hon. member would withdraw the motion. Mr. CHERITON said after the statement of the Treasurer, and the feeling of the House* he would withdraw his motion. - Motion withdrawn. RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURE ON NORTHERN RAILWAYS. Mr. HAMILTON moved- , , , 4.. "That a return be laid on the table of this House, showing the actual receipts and expenditure on the Port and Northern Bail ways, including the Boseworthy and Forresters and Bona Extension Lines, for the five years ending 30th June next. The revenue to be divided as follows, viz.: Receipts from passenger traffic; goods traffic, de ducting agency; cattle, horses, and live stock, deducting agency; construction account; main tenance and repairs account; hire of engines, carriages, and trucks. The expenditure to be divided as follows, viz.Salaries and wages; repairs and renewal of permanent way, bridges, culverts, and fences; new sidings, and other works to meet exigencies of increased traffic; cost of locomotive and carriage department, cost of tele graphs; compensation to contractors. In each case the total of the subdivisions to agree with the gross totals of actual receipts pa expenditure, which are to be divided into yearly returns. The^MROSSIONER of PCBLIC WOEKS (Hon. J. Carr) said there was no objection what ever to give the information asked for. Carried. WELLINGTON AND THOMSON'S .FERRIES. Mr. LAURIE moved- , , ,. " That a return be laid on the table of this House, showing the number of passengers, vehi cles. and of great and small cattle that have crossed the River Murray at Wellington and Thomson's Ferries respectively, since the 1st day of July, 18®. until the 31st day of March, 1870, both days being inclusive." He stated that he believed the ferry was very expensive, and that a little further down the nver at Mason's, there was a crossing-place, which had been recommended both by Mr. Mais and Mr. Ashwin. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Carr) said the Government would give the information as soon as possible. Carried. COST OF THE PORT WAKEFIELD RAIL WAY. Mr. BRIGHT moved- . " That a return be laid on the table of this House, showing length, and the amount paid for the Contract No. 4, for constructing the Port Wakefield Railway, and the cost of the rails and sleepers for the same respectively; also, what quantity of rails now remains, after completing the line." , . . , He said his reason was that he was informed tne return would show that a tramway could be con structed cheaply in the colony. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Carr) laid the return upon the table, and it was ordered to be printed. THE ROAD TO THE HURRAY. Mr. LAURIE moved .'That a return be laid on the table of this House, showing the distance, in miles, between Adelaide and that place on the River Murray known as Mason's via Mount Barker and Chaun cey's Line, and between Adelaide and Mason s via that place on the Murray known as Edwards's Crossing via Naime and Callington, and between Naime and Mason's via Mount Barker and Chaun cey's Line, and between Callington and Mason's via Chauncey's Line, and also the distance between Callington and Mason's via Edwards s CJlffiEp.U?LAYFORD stated that the information was in the Blue-book for last year. Mr. TOWNSEND recommended that hon. mem bers previous to moving for documents should communicate with the Clerks, so as to prevent | unnecessarily increasing the bulk of the Blue bookSk The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Carr) said the return was very short, and had been prepared. He laid the return on the table, and it waB ordered to be printed. SPECIAL TRAINS Mr. PEARCE moved "That a. return be laid on the table of this House, showing- ... "1. How often, and for how many hours the paymaster's special train is in use. " 2. The total daily cost of the same. "3. The number of persons employed. "4. Thenumberof passengersjtff any), travelling by it, and by whose authority." The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Carr) said the Government had no objec tion to the motion. Carried. CLARE AND WALLAROO RAILWAY. ^ Mr. HUGHES drew the attention of the House to the report of the Select Committee on the Clare and Wallaroo Railway (Paper No. 141 of 1867). and moved- , _ _ . "That an address be presented to His Excel lency the Governor, praying His Excellency to cause the necessary steps to fee taken to cany out the recommendation of the Select Com At'that late hour he would nri go at length into arguments in favour of this railway* but hoped the expression of opinion which he believed he should obtain from the Government would be supported by the House. The report of the Select Committee was never acted upon, although it strongly recom mended a railway from Wallaroo to Clare. If & tramway would be cheaper than a railway, he would be quite contented that that should be con structed instead. At the present moment the tramway in actual use at Wallaroo cost but £2,000 per mile; and from information from the Engi neer, who now was a member of that House, he ascertained that the sleepers used in its construc tion cost double what they could be procured for now. He understood that the line he proposed could be carried out under £2,000 per mile. The question was whether they should connect their shipping ports with the interior at such a trilling cost. There was no hope of their beingable to do it by means of roads, for in the last Parliament there was a very strong expression against borrow ing money for constructing macadamized roads, and they knew that they could not now look for any money from the Laud Fund for that purpose* Therefore, if they did not . borrow for railways or tramways, they must go without them altogether, and without them a young colony could not make any progress. The members of the Committee which Bat in 1867 were Messrs. Santo, Milne, Strangways, Cavenagh, Colton, DuffieldL and Bower, who con curred in recommending the line, and they might feel satisfied that they had proved to then-own satisfaction that it was a desirable, work. Wal laroo^ the second port in the colony in the extent of its export, was languishing for want of this line, and if there were cargoes waiting for them tne aiiinfl which now had to purchase ballast would take them on at almost ballast prices. They ought to connect it with the agricultural distncts m tne North, especially as it would go into Uie imme diate vicinity of two agricultural areas. He trusted the feeling of the Government was with him. He was certain from the way the Treasurer had ex pressed himself, lie would use hie best efforts Jo introduce the measure at once, for .he tola tne public that "if a member of the Government -he would bring in a Bill, if a member of Parliament he would move: an address to the Govemorfor it, or if member for the district moved for a Bill to be brought in he would support it." Then, agauvhe said thousands of tons of salt might be shipped at Wallaroo for the other colonies sufficient to make the line pay, and that he "would advocate the Clare and Wallaroo Tramway before the Northern Railway. (The Treasurer-"No.") He read from the WaUaroo Times March 23. (Laughter.) Surely he would not shnnk from what he told the electors o£ Wallaroo. (Hear, hear.) He moved the motion/ Mr. QUIN seconded. He thought it was only J'ustice to Yorke'B PeninBUla that the line should le constructed; for although it had contributed upwards of £100,000 to the revenue of the colony, there were no macadamized roads within 50 or 60 miles of it, and there had only been £25,000 spent on it. He could bear out tne statement of his colleage, that the Treasurer, when a candidate for the district, said he would use his best endeavours, if returned, to bring in a Bill to give effect to the measure. If the railway was an accomplished fact, by its forming an outlet for-the agricultural and dairy produce of the Clare District, it would cheapen tne cost of living for the miners on the Peninsnla 25 per cent. ; for at the present the greater part of the produce they consumed came &om; Fort Adelaide. There had teen a mill erected at Wallaroo, one was in course of erection at Kadina, and probably there would be one at Moonta shortly; and to keep these going a large amount of wheat would be brought down the line. When they considered that the Peninsula had a population of 17,000 persons, and the advantage the mining interest had been to the colony the last three or four yeais, they should deal liberally with the district. He- believed the Company now hold ing the tramway on the Peninsula had offered to construct the line on the guarantee system at some thing under £2,000 a mile, and he did not think the Government should offer any opposition .to that. The TREASURER (Eton. J. Hart) said there was no question that looking at the importance of the district there has been less spent on it than any other, and therefore it had claims for con sideration. But as the Government had only been a week' in office there had been no possible opportunity of bringing the matter before the Cabinet, seeing the important business which they had to consider, and therefore it would lie unfair to expect h?nr» to say what their course would be. There was no question that certain pledges were given supposing he should be elected for the', district. (Laughter.) It was the duty of a mem ber for the district to do certain things, but if he was not member for the district his viewB some what changed. (Oh, and Hear, hear.) But he was not going to forego any pledges he made; but when the hon. member brought so prominently forward the pledges he gave at the elections, haa he considered what pledges he made on a former occasion to the district he represented, and whether he had carried them out? (Hear, hear.) He should do what was right and proper He had supplied the members for the Port with the only argument which he used in favour of the railway, for he was the one to find out that salt could be taken fiom the lagoon to the extent of SO,000 tons. With regard to the line being constructed before the Northern line, it was very possible that$if member for the district he should think so, but in another position he must consider the general view first-(Hear)-and he had no hesitation in saying that the Port Augusta line was more important in a national point of view thanthe other-(Hear)-and therefore should be first constructed. He should certainly make a proposition to the Cabinet for carrying out this work, but as he had not had an opportunity of consulting his colleagues yet, he advised the hon, member to withdraw nis motion. Mr. BRIGHT thought as there were not two miles of macadamized road between Wallaroo and Ciaie it was entitled to either a road or a railway, and that anything which would cheapen the neces saries of life for 17,000 persons deserved considera tion without delay. If the railway could be constructed to Clare or somewhere in that locality in a permanent way for £2,000 a mile, it would ba better to give a guarantee thn.n that the Govern ment should perform the work. He knew that hia district was most anxious for communication be tweenjthe two points; whether Wallaroo should be uie shipping port was another matter. He thought it would be better, after the statement of ths Treasurer, to withdraw the motion, and he assured the hon, memberjMr. Hughes if the Government did not brinj? in a measure to spend a lar^e amount in improving the roads in the district, or guarantee a Company who would construct the line, he would give him all the support he conld in endeavouring to carry out thiB resolution. Mr. DUFFIELD thought the report of the Com mittee, recommending an extension of the existing syBtem in a westerly direction, would hardly bear out the proposition of a line from Clare ta Kadina. Mr. WARD thought there was a fair case for as cheap line of railway, and he hoped the Govern ment would take the best means for carrying that; out. Mr. HAMILTON said, although he had con structed the Wallaroo and Kadina Tramway foe £2,000 per mile, that did not include land, fencing* buildings, or rolling-stock, and there were no bridges or culverts to make. It was also to be borne in mind that the sleepers were obtained at Is. 6d. a piece, and ballast was procured close by the line, so that £2,000 must not be taken as a general estimate. Mr. A. F. LINDSAY said it was only a question of time as regarded the construction of either a road or a railway. He was in favour of a railway, because if properly constructed and properly worked it would be cheaper than a macadamize J road. He only hoped the mistake which hadl hitherto been made in the colony would not be made-that of providing a railway on the calcula tion of a large amount of traffic when-there would! only be a small amount. ' That was the ground oa which he opposed the Kapunda Bail way years ago. The hon. member for the Fort had referred ta tramways being cheaper than railways. He wished hon. members would discontinue the word bam way; it was stupid, for whether a railway was worked by horse or steam power it was a railway. Bailways worked by steam-pbwec had been constructed at considerable less cost; than those worked by horse- power, and irr America the horse railways had been disused simply on account of the cost. He was totally opposed to the guarantee system. He regretted that any portion of the lines on the Peninsula had been allowed to get into private hands, as they had taken up that part which was most likely to be profitable. Mr. COGIJN thought as very little had been expended in the district, and the Government: could get a clear profit of £175 per mile on a rail way as opposed to axnacdamized road, they should support its being carried out on the guarantee system. Mr.: BEAK hoped after the promise of the Treasurer the hon. mover would withdraw the motion. Mr. HUGHES, in reply, said in reference to the remarks of the hon. member Mr..Hamilton, he understood from him that when he laid down tha line the sleepers cost Is. 6d.. The present engineers informed him that they could now be laid down as required at 9d., and therefore he thought the line could be constructed at less than £2,(00 per mile, as the present one had been. They were about to commit the country to a very large expenditure for connecting Port Augusta with the mineral deposits 200 miles distant where there was at present veiy little population* while at Wallaroo there was a population of 17.000.' The Treasurer had aright to demand the post ponement of the matter, as he had not yet con sulted his colleagues: the only thing he did not; like was his doubtful manner as to whether he was bound by the sentiments which he had enun ciated. As a public man, and as premier, he would tell him that he was bound to everything he stated to the public. He would ask leave to with* draw the motion with the idea of bringing it forward later in the session. The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) never made any statement that he did not consider bimselC bound by what he had said. The motion was then withdrawn. STRATHALBYN AND VICTOR HARBOUR RAILWAY FARES. Mr. WARD, for Mr. WEOTZKL, moved "That the Commissioner of - Public Worker will cause the lessee of the Strathalbyn and Middleton and Goolwa and Victor Harbour Bail ways (Mr. Macgeoige) to prepare a printed list of passenger fares, ana charges for goods and parcels traffic, in accordance with the terms of ins con tract." There was a clause, he believed, in the agreement requiring what was asked to be done, and the Commissioner was no doubt aware through the deputation that considerable dissatisfaction existed. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Carr) was net sure there was any clause that would enable him to compel the lessee ta give the.information, but he could do it himself, and would publish the list which he had alreadx prepared in next day's Gazette, Motion withdrawn. CLAIM FOR COMPENSATION. Mr. COITRELL moved " That the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the motion-' That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying His Excellency to recommend this House to make provision in the Estimates to an extent not exceeding £35, foe the purpose of compensating John Nixon, late constable in the police, for loss of office.'" lhe TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) said fromf the correspondence which had taken place it was clear that there was no claim. The met was Mr. Nixon had been ill, and away from work for a long time, and was reported unfit for nightwork con sequently he was obliged to be dismissed. He had been in the service three years and a quarter, and during a considerable portion of that time wast absent through illness. The hon. member would see that it would be impossible for the Government to pay compensation under such circumstances. It was not in the service of the Government that he was rendered unfit for duty. In Committee. Mr. COTTBELL asked that the Clerk of the House should read the petition presented last: session. The Clebk of the HOUSE having read the petition Mr. COTTBELL said he was sorry to hear the remarks of the Treasurer. Of course he only spoke from the information he received; but that information difiered from the statement of the petitioner, which was that he had lost his health in the service of the country. He was a poor and deli cate mam and he had lost his wife since he had presented the petition. Under ordinary circum stances he would be entitled .to one month's pay for every year that he had been in the force: but the 10th clause of the Police Act excluded him from the benefit of the Keserire Fund, inasmuch aa he had been discharged through ill health before the 29thJNovember, .1869, the date fixed by the Act. It was his misfortune, and not his fault, that hia retirement had been prior to that date; and as his ill-health was due to the arduous nature of his employment some remuneration was due to him He was a very respectable man, andhad been able to do next to nothing since his discharge. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. R. C. Baker) said the sympathies of hon. members were with Nixon, but the business of the House was ta pass laws and carry out principles, and not to deal with caBes of this sort. If they passed this amount, it would be in contravention of the Act; and once establish a precedent of this kind, it was impos sible to see where they would stop. The Commis sioner of Police and others had reDorted against the claim, and it would be unsafe to recognise it. There were very many who could plead, that but for certain things in the Act they would be entitled to remuneration, -and it would not be right to give ground for their urging their claims. The Govern ment most oppose the motion. (Divide.) Mr. COG.L1N considered this .was one of the cases in which the Government should grant relief. The man in walking about the streets looked more like a ghost than a human being, and he was sur prised at the remarks of the Attorney-General, who might have a good enough heart, but who evidently had not a heart that could feel foe another. Mr. PEARCE voted for the motion on the grounds of equity and justice. Had the Act passed last session been retrospective the man would have been entitled -to this money; and ha believed that in other cases of this kind favourable decisions had to come to the House. Mr. STJ5WAET agreed with the Attorney"' General that if. they adopted a precedent by carrying a motion of this sort they would not be able to tell where to stop, (Hear, hear.) He did not see that Mr. Nixon h^d any claim upon the Government for a pension any more than a work man of his who was obliged by illness to leave hia service had upon him. Mr. KBIGHATJFF considered that the only twa courses open to hon. members was to go with the Government or to appoint a Select Committee. (Oh.) It was too small a matter to adopt the latter plan, and therefore he. should vote with thei Government. Mr. WABD thought that Nixon had a feur claim unless the Government were able to contradict the statement in the third paragraph of his petition, that his ill-health was due to the arduous nature o£ his duties in the public service. The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) could only speak from the reports ef the officers of the de partment, and there was nothing said in them to confirm that allegation. There were several medical certificates, including one from Dr. Moore, who stated that Nixon was suffering from consumption, and was quite unfit for night duty* He had not been discharged until a considerable time had elapsed, and it was not likely that the consumption had been brought on by any Bervicest performed on behalf of the Government. It would be very inconvenient, and would lead to the bringing forward of many claims like this, if the motion was passed. The Government had na funds from which to pay the account on their own responsibility, and it was a question whether the House should vote sums of this sort. The motion was declared negatived. Mr. COTTOELL called for a division A\ES, 8-Messrs. Bean. Coglin, Hughes, A. F.' Lindsay, Pearee, Quin, Ward, and Cottrell (teller). Noes, 9-The Attorney-General, the Commis sioner of Grown Tanfe the Commissioner oC Public Works, Messrs. Duffield, yVii'tnuiff, Mildred, Playford, Stewart, and the Treasurer (teller). Majority of 1 for the Noes. House resumed, and the report was brought up. House adjourned at half-past 6 until next day at : a quarter to 2 o'clock. The NEXT PUBLIC HOLIDAY.-We have been officially requested to state that the Govern^ I ment, upon reconsideration, have determined ta gazette Tne«iay,_ the 21st instant, a public hcE | instead tfJaSnday, the 20th» 