TIIE JUNEE REEFS. from our correspondent.! July 13. — I doom it a duty incumbont upon every honest mining correspondent— if nnv such may be found— to correct palpable, or "rather cul- pablo misstatoinonts coining within thoir nor- sonal knowlodgo, tending to mislead tlio public and bring discomfort upon many, who, with wistful oyo, scan newspaper columns for mining no ws — it in a)- bo for tho investment of somo Iittlo capital, or ns is moro frequently tho case, to endeavour to find whore they can host pro- euro the immediate moans of subsistence: with perhaps that still lingering liopo at tho bottom, of yot achieving an indopendenco at tlio hands ol tlio lieklo goddess who so long has govornoil their destinies. In tlm Town and Conning Journal of tho 2ml instant-, its AVagga AVagga correspondent saitli — " .Sonic valuublo reel's havo boon iliscovoroil in tho .1 mice district, anil a company is in course of formation to work them properly and woll, and at present promises to turn out a success." In reply to which, I say that it is an unqualified misstatement-, not having even tlio veriest ghost of a basis for tlio assertion. Fur tbo last twelvo months thoro lias not been a single discovery in this district that lias borno a month's test. At all events, in that portion of it known generally as the Jiuioo Beefs, namely, tho Sebastopol or C'ombmming group, and AVallots, or tlio Jtmeo propor, and to which jattor tlio writer evidently rolbrs. I'rospeeting has not been wanting, nor has it lacked inducement for trial with adequate means to purstto it. Still, up to date there bavo boon no frosli finds, all " napping," lapping, and bush ovorluuilitig notwithstanding. Upon what then is this company to operate? Not only has tho AVagga AAftvgga corrospondont boon im posed upon by somo sly wag, but also a Air. Donis Eisonstaodtor, who upon tbo strongtii of it, has issuod a prospectus of tlio "Eutcrpriso Quartz-crushing Company, North Jtinoo ; capi tal, £2500, in 250 shares of £10 ouch." Good! Saiil prospectus, states that machinery of tlio " lntost improvements shall bo orocted nt Houlaghan's Crook, Norlli Jiuioo, at a spot which forms tlio ccntro of a district abounding for miles round in valuable reefs." (N.B. — Tbo italics aro your bitmblo servant's.) Chargo of crushing, £1 por ton ; " a rato," quoth prospectus, " easily obtained, and will return to tlio company a largo profit upon tlio capital invested." No doubt ! Tho cooking part of tlio husinoss might bo per fect enough, but uiioro is tlio lniru ? Not yot caught, nor likely to bo. Besides, what claim to patronngo can it company lay, whoso chargo por ton is fivo shillings in excess of tho rato now charged by Kirkpatrick ? Hero tlio minor is evidently ignored — not intended to bo bonolited. Had tlio chargo boon rcdueod to 10s., Air. 1). Eisonstaodtor might luivo entertained somo slight liopo of golting somo of tho outlay roim- bursod, particularly where, as lie says, so many " thousands of tons of vuliiablo sLono occupying tnilos around" (as por prospectus) await but tlio improved crushing plant to Iransluto it into bank stock existence. In having said this much, I conceive I havo only porformod nn ossentiul function of a mining correspondent, in piercing tlio film of 'cuto do- sign or enlightening honest ignorance, for tho benefit of thoso whom it might concern. Tho said prospectus further says " that several thousands of tons of quartz havo been crushed at £1 per' ton." Tlio fact is that since Kirk patrick started his machine, on tho ISth April, 1869, to date, there has been a total crusliod of 3166 tons, of which 7u0 tons was out of his own loaso areas, and 431 tons from Sobastopol, leav ing a total crashing for tho Jiuioo public of- 2332 tons. The chargo pur toil for crushing siuco last Christmas has been 15s. por ton, anil a further reduction would bo mado could tho machine bo kept in full work. I said in my last that thero wero somo 1500 tons on tho surface, this, bo it understood, includes Kirkpntriek's own lease stone — some 200 tons — and two or throe hundred tons of quartz of a per centago so low as to pre clude tho risk of cartage and crushing it, evon at 15s. per ton; in short, it is about tlio entire quantity of quartz, good, bad, and "duller" lying at tbo surface among 'tlio roofs of North Jiinoc. Tlio woekly quantity raised (except by threo claims) is noxt to nothing. AVallet and party luivo just finished a crushing of 129. tons, which gave 1 IS ounces, anil is still holding its own as a good anil profitablo roof. Tho palm, however, must bo coiiceilod to tho Eaglehawk propor (Brett, Johnson, und party) both for yield of gold and suhstanco oi' root'. Indeed, those two claims with a portion of Sinclair's anil party may be said to havo produced four-fifths of all the gold hitherto procured hero. No alluvial gold has yot been found although somo slight trials havo rocontly takon place. The Morning Star Company, Sebaslopol, resumed crushing, aftor their short delay for roail making, about ton days ago. 