JKi»tuS 22iicoisrtf ei* wilh am Alligator. I From ' Egyptian Sketches ' in the Neiv York Mail.) When at last iho boat settled down the Syrian plunged into tho stream, and, keeping his head well obove it, struck ou' for tho shore at the point whero ho eiiw it shelving towards tho water's edge, fringed with long rushes. Strong ns the current was, he breasted it successfully, and was reaching shoal water — with a heart full of thankfulness and good resolvo for his preservation and rebounding from hia lato despair — when suddenly he saw, to his surprise, a dark objeot resembling an old log floating from tho muddy bank towards him. As thero was no current from shore this struck him as strange ; but his surprise was changed into herror whon the object approached nearer, disclosing to his gaze, under the bright moonlight, the soaly back aud unshapely bulk of the crocodile 1 Most dreaded of all the tenants of that slimy flood, though but rarely seen so low down the river. As the monster moved through tbe water, with a movement indicating the vast propulsive power in its short forearms ond mnscutar tail — lashing the river into foam as it forged upward— Daoud could distinguish its sharp snout elevated above the flood and the small, glittering, serpent like eyes it fixed on its destined prey. Each second brought the fell monster nearer the man ; while tbe huge jaws would occasionally opon, displaying the sharp double row of glistening teeth which armed them — thon cloio again with a snop like the music of castanets, resounding through the stillness. Imminent and deadly was'the peril, Daoud well-knewj' but he lost no heart nor hope. His nerves steeled' to danger in its most fearful shape during the recent trials, did not fail him now. But he felt a deadly siokness of heart for an instant at the new and hideous peril thus suddenly confronting him at the very moment of his fanoied escape from ali his danger ; just when he was making his good resolves for a tran qull future. Never before h ad he en countered this dread monster ; be know its nature and its habits well, for he had often heard Arabs of the Upper Nile tell oftbeir encounters with, aud victories over it; and he, therefore, understood which way tbe path of safety lay. He allowed the greedy monBter to approach within two lengths of him — simply floating himself on the surface of tbe water, and a wary eye fixed' on every movement^ of hia adversary. Flight he knew Would be speedy and oertaia death. He -waited until be could see the very twinkle of its hungry eyo — then dived down into the flood, his dagger bare in his right bandl The moment after, tho huge bulk of the crooodile seemed oonvulsed with a sudden pang as it abruptly twisted itself around, lashing the water into foam nith its terrible tail, and snapping its jaws fieroely togethor, while its snaky eye emitted sparks of firo. Then it suddenly sunk under the water too, and the calm moonlight shone on the rippling river, showing no form of man or reptile on its agitated surface. But the water where the crocodile had sunk was disooloured with a dark red stain, which showed the Syrian's dagger had found a vulnerable spot, Hehad driven beneath tho scaly armour which protected it from above and struck an upward blow. The next moment the man rose to the surface, twenty yards further down tbe stream, and struck out vigorously for the shore, but tho current seized and. bore'hioi still further down. And on it floated, in pursuit, his wounded, but not disabled enemy — fiercer and more savage from it3 injury, and displaying now thoso vast- energies hidden under its cumbrous and mail clad carcase Thrice whon on tho very eve of being seized and crushed between those mighty jaws — which vainly snapped together like the huge porteullis of some feudal castle — did the Syrian escape destruction by suddenly diving down 1 And thrioo did he stab with his keen poniard into tho unprotected .fleBh of his foe, uuder tbe forearm ; while decpor grew the tinge of tho waters as tho great vital energies of the aniphibium still sustained it under tho deep wounds of its desperate antagonist — whose human intelligenoo, craft and courage waged war against its superior strength. At length it seemed i human intelleot. when backed by courage, was destined to conquer brute force even in a confliot apparently unequal as this for after the third plunge the huge, scaly bulk seemed to float almost helplessly upon the water, while tho river ran red with the life tide ebbing from the gbaBtly wounds, and the dim eye shone no more with hato, but had an almost human expression of agony and despair lurking in its filmy and glaring orbs. The crocodile was evidently well nigh struggling in its death throes, and the might frame seemed contracted and 'convulsed with tho near approach of the final spasm. The man was nowhere to be seen. Just then, panting, worn, exhausted, but still unwoanded. Dioud, tho dagger in his right hand, rose to the surfaco, but unhappily within a yard of the almost vanquished monster. The soaly thing buw him, and with a mighty effort of expiring energy, struck out wildly with his strong tail. It fell, like a flail, on tho head of tho Syrian, strctohing him senseless and powerless beside his enomy ? ? Tho next moment the dying crocodilo twisted his body round, opened his mighty jaws with a final and convulsive effort ? and when they closed again, within them was the writhing body of the Syrian ; caught as in somo hugo trap, whioh orushed bone, musclo, sinew, and flesh into oneundistinguisbable mass? And locked tight in tbe death spasm those jaws never unclosed agoin. But the soaly bulk of tho crocodilo, bearing in its dead jaw the corpse of its destroyer, floated down the current j of tbe Nile, under tho still moonlight, to the , open sea ; which was to retain tho relics of both, until the hour shall como when that sea shall give up all its dead. The height of impudence — Taking shelter from the raiu in an umbrella shop. An old woman onco told me that the gute of heaven was black outside and golden within — tluit J wher6 the eye of faith was stiong it could see the gold shining through the black. — Sunday al Home. Wo can be perfectly awaro of ou r imperfection without being humiliated by the sight. One o the noblest qualities of our nature is onr being able so easily to dispense with greater perfection. . — Vauvenarffucs. I A critical instinct insatiable that it must turn upon itBfilf, for laok of something else to I hew or hack, becomes incapable at lust of originating anything exccpt indecision. It becomes infallible in what not to' do.— J. R. Lowell. An impertinent editor in Alabama wants to know when wo ' intend to pay the dobt of nature.' We are inclined to think that when nature gets ' her dues from him, it will be bj an execution; Tbe presentation of a diamond ring to a diiicinnati actress tho other d'-y gave a gifted roporter of that city the opportuuity for this remarkab'o' outburst : — 'It wns u trifling tribute f om an humble admirer of tbo noble drama to a brilliant beacon tipon the shot tower of Listoriuic genius.' A ' Tall' Calculation.— An American ' calculates' that the simple interest of a half penny at 6 per cent, since the birth of Christ would give 11,178,120 dollars, but fhat at oompound interest it would come to gold enotigh to make £84,840,000,000.000 globes as large a8 the earth, that, divided among a thousand millions of people, it would give to eaoh £84,840 of these globes. And if all these globes were placed in a straight line, it would take a cannon shot, travelling at the rate of about a mile a second, millions of years to pass tbem. A gentleman Baid to his Hibernian servant : ' Pat, here comes a funeral ; do you know who is dead ?' ' Faith, I guess, sir, it must be the man in the coffin,' was the reply. Limp People. — Vice is bad, and malignant wickedness is worse, but beyond either in evil results to mankind is weakness ; which, indeed, is the pab ulum by which vice is fed, and the agent by wbioh malignity works. If everyone iu this world had a backbone, there would not be nearly as much misery or guilt as there is now ; for we must givo eaoh inhlvidual of the ' cruel strong ' a large following of victins ; and it would be easy to demonstrate that tho progress of nations has always been in proportion to the number of stiff backbonos among tbem. Yet, unfortunately, limp people abound, to the detriment of society and to thsir own certain sorrow; molluscs predestiued to be the food of tho stronger, with no power of self defence or of self support, but having to be proteoted against outside daugers if they are to be preserved at all ; and perhaps when you have done all yoa can do, not safe even than, and most likely not worth the trouble taken about them. Open tho gates for but a moment, and thfy are swept up by the first passer by ; Jet them loose from your owfl sustaining hand, ond they fall abroad in a mass of flabby helplessness, unable to work, to resist, to retain — mere heaps of moral jelly, pitiable as well as oontemptible, perhaps pitiable because so con temptible. See one of these poor creatures left a widow, if a woman— turned out of his offioo if a man — and then judgo of the value of a backbone by the miserable consequences of its absence. The widow is simply lost in the wilderness of her domestio solitude, aB much so as a child set in the midst of _a patblesB moor with no ore to guiJe him to the safe highway. . She may have money and she may have relations, but she is t»s poor aa if she had nothing better than parish relief, and unless some one will tako her up and manage everything for her conscientiously, as lonely as if she were in exile in a strange land. She has baen so long uied to lean on the stronger arm of her husband tbat she cannot stand upright now that her eupport has been taken from her. Uer servants make hor their prey ; hor children tyranise over her, and utterly ignore her authority ; her boys go to tbe bad, her girls got fast and loud ; all her own meek ideas of modesty and virtue are rudely thrust to the wall, and sheis obliged to submit to a family disorder whioh she neither likes nor encourages, but whioh she lias not the strength to oppose nor the wisdom to direct She may bo the incarnation of all saintly qualities in her own person, but by mere want of strength . she is the occasion by whioh a very pandemonium is carried on, and the worst houso of a community is suro to be that of a quiet, gentle, molluscous little widow, without one Bingle vicious proclivity so far as she horself is concerned, but without the power to repress or even to rebuke vice in others. A molluscous man , too; suddenly ejected from his long accustomed groove, whero, like a toad embedded in tho rock, he bad made his niche exactly fitting to his own shape, presents just as wretched a pioture of helplessness and unshiftness. In vain his friends suggest this or that independent endeavor ; he shakes his bead, and suya he oan't — it wont do; what ho wants is a place where he is not ob'igod to depend ou himself, where he lias to do a fixed amount of work for a fixed amount of sahry, and where his fiherless plasticity may fiDd a mould ready formed into whioh it may run without the ucccsbUv of forging shapes for itself. Many a man of -: respectable intellectual powers has gone down iuto ruin, and died miserably, b-ioause of his limpness, which made it impossible for him to break new ground or to work at anything whatsoever with the stimulus of hope only. He must be bolstered up by oertainty, supported by the walla of his groove, olsejho can do nothing; and if he cauuot get: into this friendly groove he lets himself drift into destruction. — Saturday lieview. Pat's Way. — An Irishman, who was near sighted, was about to fight a duei, and insisted that ho should stand six paoas nearer to bis antagonist than the latter did to bim, and that they were both to fire at tbe samo time. / ? ? I t Au admirer of Senator Suuier 'was com' mending him enthusiastically, ami finally satf that, to apply the words of tho poet to that honourable senator, ?? even, his failing, lcaDe(i to virtue's side;' whereupon Wendell Phillipg who happened to bo present,- reBemblh^tbs leaning Tower of Pisa, which, in spite of its l0Dg inclination, had never yet ' gone overJ' California has uot only tho finest climate iu ' the world, sir, aud the highest trees nbovo ground but she boasts the most elastic babies In creation', The other day one of these compressibl^Dnocentj fell Off a balcony 25 ft. in height, -and striking on a stone sidewalk wns cuught on- the second bound by a gentleman passing that way.- Upon receiving her darling the mother aimnly remarked that she feared the careless thing would get hurt some day at that business. Wo trust not A Woman's Cdamfion.— Mrs Clara Balfour, itf her novel, ?« Our Own Fireside,' thusiusistsou tho value of her Bex:— 'It is idle, with the scriptures before ua, to argue tho inferiority of woman from the fact of hor snbordioatioD. If religion bo the grand reality— tho (great end and aim of human life— woman has ever been distin guished for ber elevated faith. Her claims 10 e quality in this primary matter admit of no dispute— rest not on feeling of opinion, but upon ' tho immutable basis of fact. In acts she has been valient, in mental endowments dignified) in faith unwavering. A woman saved the life of tho infant cfoatincd to be tho lawgiver of tbe Jews-* a woman, Miriam, was associated with him ia his mission, aud sang her ohorua to his song— a woman, Deborah, judged Israel in a time of great danger, and delivered tho nation out of its diffi. oulties— a woman, Hannah, was permitted to be among the earliest prophesiers of the Messiah's coming, and tho very first to- call Him fry tha hallowed namo of Saviour — a woman, the Virgin Mother, was tho firstdisciple — the first to demacd from others unqualified obedience to the Redeemer — women minister unto tho Lord of their substanoe — women were faithful unto death in tho hour of His mortal agony — women coaioriaed a considerable portion of the first Church of Jerusalem— 'a woman, Lidia, was tho first convert of the first European Chnroh — a woman, Priscilla, was permitted to bo an assooiate in teaching a purer doctrine to Apollos a woman, Phfflbe, was recognised by Paul as ' a servant of the oliurch ' — women, throughout the wbolo apostolic age, wece ' sucoourers' of the saints, ' fellow helpers ' of the Apostles in thd gospel. These are solemn /acts, not quoted to ? excice pride, or a mean and injurious spirit of rivalry, but to deepen the conviction of responsi bility — to show that Christian womanhood has now, ^ as iu former times, a mighty work to perform ; that trivial pursuits, petty aims, neglected talents, are uo worthy of hor; that the exigencies of the present ago have claims on her of no unimportant kind; and that, as spiritually descended from theso sacred heroines, it is her duty to be 'thoroughly furnished to every good word and work.' Wherever there is ignorance, it is her duty to aim to remove it; wherever there is suffering, it is her privilege to alleviate it; wherever there is impurity it is her prerogative to destroy it. Childhood aud youth look up tu her (or cSamplo; her erring and suffering sister woman claims from her aid and sympathy. Man requires that she ' open hor mouth with wisdom/ and on her tongue should be ' the law of kind ness.' The churoh gathers around her and sajJ, ' Be thou faithful unto death, and thou shall inhorit a crown of everlasting life.'' A Man in a Trance. — It is so very seldom that a man dies and comes to life again a short time afterwards that when a startling foot similar to :his does occur it is generally worth olirouicling *'Tt seems,' acoording to tbe Colac Observer, ' thut a man named Samtifl Talbot, a laborer, residing at Colao becoming suddenly indisposed, tho services of Dr. Raewere called in, and after tho usual medical inspection the man was ordered to bed, nnd the doctor departed to obtain the ncoessary remedies. Whilo away a message was sent to him that Talbot b»d shuffled off this mortal ooil ; and believing tbe statement to bo true, though somewhat surprised, ho drew out tho necessary certificate stating th8 cause of death. The friends of tbo supposed deceased mau immediately took the necessary steps for tho fuueral, the undertaker and '1' registrar of deaths having boen informed of tbo mournful event, and no doubt chuckliog at thought that business in their line was looking up. In the bouse where Talbot iras ^ straight out upon his bed,' was gathered 4 number of women, and mourning and leinenrntiw oould bo heard, the friends weeping for the poor man, and would not be comforted. When lo Talbot oponed his eyes, and stared around bio with marvellous surprise at the soone whioh vm being enaoted iu his houso. Of course, tho women screamed, and covered their faces, forming 8 manner of thoughts about ghosts, and it Wj afterwiii ds found that Talbot had merely sffooae away, and had beeu in a sort of trance number of hours. Tho undertaker iras compe to desist making the coffin, the registrar destroys his certificate, and the doctor indulged biw® with a hearty good laugh. The joy of tbo ns can, of course, be better imagined than descn e . .Man's Full Extreme — A modern phi oso pher has appropriated man's full ex''®8 ' follows :-7 yours in childhood's sport and puj, 7 ; 7 years in school from day to day, - years at trade, or college life, 21; 7 years a place and wife, 28; 7 years to pleasures fl f given, 35 ; 7 years to business 7 years for some wild goose chase , 4 J, for wealth, a bootless race, 56 . 7 years 03,7, 70 ;.!«», ft ..J ' ? i/rinted and Published by tho .! 'lnt III Oamwiei.i. nnd Joseph ' l'rictn warra Mercury," General Letter Press Printing Ottiou, corner ot the Mni liet-hq K IlUwarra, on Tue.day, August 3u-U»-v. g 