CKAPTEBIH. HI Lim a OONFJSSSQB. It was not lone after this when Lord Deverill bad occasion to leave England on m mission to Paris, a mission involving BO me private business of the king's, the payment of moneys borrowed daring his majesty's exile, some gossips about the court said; bat the messenger himself preserved an inscrutable silence even to his wife, who had, in truth, small cariosity about state matters, trataeemed dejected at the thonghtofherlord's departure. I shall be lonely anddull without yoe, George," she said in her soft voice, clinging hint tenderly as he was about ito leave i honaa . ;: j r. He looked down at Iter, wondering,:alw*pa wondering whether this tenderness of ltws> were t>eaL "Nature had carted hini with -a suspicions mind, not easily to be lulled tb< 'test The sweet look in those.binaeyiBS went* straight to his heart-and yet, and yet-it would be an easy matter for a woman to peo»' tend as mochas that, forthesakeof acoro* net, and a vast fortune, and the dams of being left by and by a wealthywidOw.stUl in the bloom of youth. i He looked down at her, loving tec with all bis might, and yet not aide to bluish that jdoubt of her which was a parit of hisvety nature. " Nay, diild," he answered gently, "yov will have all yon care for-yoor books, yoor colour-box, and harpsichord." "I shall not have you, "she said, laying the fair young bead with its rippling shown of pale golden curlB upou his breast ; He sighed-a deep long sigh, Wssedherk* the brow, and pat her gently from him. Ah he did so the .doer opened, and Algernon Mildmairappeaxedan thfi tbresbold. .1- .t ? " The boatmen are ready, taylord," be. said; "and the vessel sails forEraaoe in little morethan abhour, Of oourae they will wait for yoor lordship, bat the tidewHlaerve them "I am ready," Lord Deverill answered. But his wife drew him aside into the on* brasnte of the window. . Will your secretary be here in yonr absence, George ?" she asked in a low voice. *'Why, of course Alice ;hewill be bee of the house. He has business to do that that will keep him a good deal in my room downstaira." ' I am sony for tiut" ' Why, child? He will not intrude upon you." ''I know that And I knowitis an idle fancy-a wicfced one, me dislike Ids .pwmoe, tyes, even Um idea that he is in the same house with me. War give tee, George. And he is your kinsman too, and I am bound to like him; yet I cannot tell you whata strange fear I have of him, as if £ saw it written on hisfaoethat he is destined to work some evil against me. I have frit it from the very first hour I otw him, thougli I have never dared speak of it tiU now; bat now you axe going away, and I am to be left all alone, my Heart sinks at the thought that he will be near me." " Nay, Alice, this is the most childish niece of folly ? r am vexed that ray should har bour such a silly prejndioe. The young iwT is of my own blood, nn honastgwiaf«ian,«nA» very faithful .to me, if that be any merit your sight" ' * "If yon love him, andean trust him, I wm. content,';Lady Deverill answered witb afaint sigh.'' Yes, I doubt not my prejudice is foolish. Bat women: and dtildren have sach fancies often, and they are sometimes right" " Farewell, Alioe; I have no leisure to talk of this nonsense." And so they parted; the young wife sad at heait; the husband disturbed and irritated by hisparting interview. ' Had he any reason to doubt Mtldmay'a MeUty,he«ked himself, as the rowers earned him swiftly down the stream. Nay, he had. known toe young man from^ his «hild' and had everfoundhim faithful and tionate. Sdf-inierest tnight have ar to do with his fidelity, it is true; action or what sentiment in life ,is not governed more or less by sefrinferastf jLoni Deverill did not believe in affection without a motive, or ingratitude forpast favours m> "fliMmayknows'fhat it iain my power to advance his prospects," he said to himaaUL "It is not likely that he would be un faithful to me, or discourteous to my wile^ And, in any case, he is a< nsefol watch-dog; and will see that no court fops hang abort Alice inmy absence," Lord Deveifil was away something leas than a month. The mission he hadbeea. charged with was a delicate one, involving negotiations of aomelength; audit wMbasweaa bnly. and not the charui of tte French CMiial, which kept George Dsieiuf ® from Iris !»$&' He wroto to h^l hisabsence; and one of tbe men moored it to the Hon'a month, beside the stone landing- stair. There was another boat fastened there, with a man sitting in it fast asleep, at whom my lord stared wonderingly, not caring, however, to rouse and question him. He could learn all he mated to know within. There was a light in my lady's favourite chamber-a single lamp, which had a pale yellow radiance in the twilight-and the sound of music floated through the open window. George Deverill went quickly np the first flight of the narrow staircase with alight step, but half way np he stopped suddenly, and his lace grew dark as midnight Mingled with the sound of the harpsichord there came to him two voices; one his wife's dear soprano, the other a tenor voice that was strange to him. "So my wife has company," he said to himself angrily, "and demonstrates her sorrow for her husband's absence by singing love-ditties with some strange cavalier! There was no hint of this in her letters." Be listened for a few moments, creeping stealthily upwards till he was dose to the little door in. the tapestried wall; an ill-made door with cracks wide enough to enable a spy to see all that -was taking place within the chamber. The music had ceased. There was no little crowd of gay company in the room, such as George Deverill had expeoted to see. There vtas no one but his wife, who sat facing him, with her white arms folded listlessly upon the dosed harpsichord, and a young man in a meat's dress-a young man with a fair perfect face and flowing chesnut hair-who stood by ber side, leaning with one elbow on the in strument, and looking down at her in thoughtful silence. ? Xt was a simple group enough, and would have made a graceful unmeaning subject for a painter of interiors; bat the sight, simple as it was, set George Deverill's heart beating frith ;a murderous fury. They might have heard the throbbing, he thought, these two, kadtheynot been so absorbed in the guilty delight of each other's company. Guilty ? Yes, Lord Deverill had no &mbt; efhis wife's guilt Perhaps he had always cxpected some such horror as this. In any case he met the calamity half way. This secret ?nesting-far secret he had no doubt it was; the priest's costume-a disguise, of coarse? Was there not evidence enough of his dis honour? To him it seemed indisputable as the midday son, palpable as the earth upon whidi he trod. He stood still as death at the door, looking in upon the lighted chamber through the open space beneath the clumsy upper hinge. And you must really return to Holland, ' Ay, dearest, there is no help for it, "the ' ]mn answered with a sfeh ; I have a and a position yonder; here I am no thing, less than nothing; a standing shame I and reproach in tbe eyes of one you know of. Tia hard to part from the one fond creature iAoknaine; :h^it would be harder to re- | yo^^isownwTand nameless." no®"n8 \- iike Deverill sighed, and for some mo ments remained silent, playing idly with the trinkets hanging on her jewelled ch&triaine; ~~; from him, the outraged husband,who stood at the door watching her, with fatal thoughts busy in brain. "When must you start, Edward?" she asked presently. " To-morrow night There is a vessel sails iorfiotterdam after midnight; I have made "SmS 1 see yon mora then?" "Nay, dearest If it be safe, I will cone to you to-morrow at the usual hour." "For the last tima And we shall nevermore sing the old duets that my father was so fond cf in the (happy days at Treheme-cou't. It was a foolish fine? of mine to wish to sing one cf our old favourites with you to-night, was it not, Edward?" . "Rather an imprudent fancy, I own," the 1 young man answered, smiling. " Your ser- . vants woold be set wondering if they heard you singing duets with your father confessor." Her fasher confessor! Yes, the priest's frock was a disguise: there was no trace of tfcetonmie on sbat fair young head. This man was some early lover of Alice Treharne's, sane one to whom she had given her heart, but who had been too poor to claim her for his wife. "She wanted a wealthy dupe," George | PevBrill said to himself; and she found one. (kMeianidied with a rich husband, twas eaqy to vefem the favoured lover. O God, to think that smooth fair face I have idolised is butthesnaskof afoul false heart!" "The servants'-quarters are too remote for tbemto overheerus,? said Alice. "And you will come to-morrow, at the usual hour, Ed ward f "Yes, dearest I sappote there is no chance of your husband's return before then ?" "{think not Therelias 'beenno letter to aimotmce his coming. And even if he met' mjp sacred character would prevent - ^',l TOppoBeCaa°flGood night my bright eoe." * He topkher in his arms and kissed her, withthe calm air of a man towfcom that; embrace was a matter of cotiree, and Alice: accepted his kiss with the samp air. Between lovers of puch old standing it was naturally so.; Xjora his sword-hilt. Shoifld he'spring out upon him and day him as Itevtood there? \No; he must needs have a darker vengeance i2ua iha& And what *a»he, this nateeiess ^venturer? Dirt to tesprirntdwithlrfsfoot bv and fay.' It was., she-she, the tiiitress-with whomhe had to; settle his iattxiiintflrst ' . "To-morrowwili be time enorogh," he said to'bimgdi 8 * - Alice coated a little casket of curious Venetian work, tod took out a heap of gold, wfct&^tptessbdwonher lover. ' '* 5t», Edwaidj Y k want money," Aesaid, as he itj'^idnm in a half darkness, a solitary lamp glimmer ing faintly here and there. Bat there vu light enough for Lord Deverill, who went slowly down the shallow stairs to his favourite apartment-a spacious library upon the ground-lioor, a dark and sombre chamber, oat of which there opened a little room wherein the secretary was accustomed to perform his daily duties. The library was dark, but there was a light homing in the inner room, and here my lord found Algernon Mildmay, with a dingy looking folio volume open on the table before him, reading studiously, tie looked up with a start at the soand of his patron's footsteps, and was still more startled by the ghastly pallor of the dark face, in which there was wont to be a deep crimson glow, like the lurid gleam of a stormy Runset But he said nothing. Only his heart beat a little quicker than usual, and a voice within him asked, " Is it coming ?" "This is, indeed, a pleasant surprise, my lord," he said in his courtliest tona " I did not even hear the bustle of your arrival in the hall without, and yoa came upon me like a ghost" "There was no noise in the halL I let myself in with my own key." "Intending to come unawares upon my Lady Deverill, no doubt What a joyful surprise for her!" "Yes, when we meet I doubt not that it mil be-a surprise," my lord answered wi^.h a diabolical smile, and a long pause before the last two words. " You have not seen her yet, then?" " We have not yet met I have a fancy for keeping the surprise a little longer. I am in the humour for a jest, you see, Mildmay. Come," he went on, flinging himself heavily into a capacious three-cornered arm chair opposite his young kinsman-" oome, sirrah, tell me how my wife has beguiled her leisure during my absence. Has shebeen very gay, gadding about from house to house to air her diamonds, and display the latest fashion in a brocaded robe or a flounced petticoat?" "Nay, my lord, Lady Deverill has little taste for that kind of pleasure, asl think you know. She has, indeed, a strange love of solitude, very rare in one so young. And she has an ardent piety, which may seem a little overstrained perchance in the eyes of a man of the world like yoa or me, bat is, neverthe less, a charming attribute in a woman. She has spent much of her time in religious exer cises, I fancy, in your absence, ana has been vistedby her confessor every evening fjr the last fortnight" "Her confessor! What, the old priest from the queen-dowager's chapel ?" "No, my lorn. This is a young man, a Frenchman also, I conclude; for on the few occasions when 1 have met him on the stairs, he has spoken to me in that language." . " Indeed! And he has been with my lady every evening? I did not think she had so many sins to confess. Hasthis priest been favoured with lengthy interviews r " Nay, my lord, I cannot answer for the: period of his visits. He has used the water staircase. I have seen his boat waiting there sometimes, when I have left the house by that way myself." At what hour?" "I have seldom gone away nntil 10 o'clock." " A late boor for confession, truly. Per chance the holy father is with her now. I will not run the risk of interrupting their pious exercises." "But my lord, your coming can hardly seem untimely, 1st it happen when it wilL Lady Deverill must needs be rejoiced by your ro> turn." "PeriaapB, but it is my fancy not todisturb hex: Besides, it would be but a meeting and a parting in the same hone. Iam in Eng land only as a bird of passage. I sleep in the City to-night and sail for Antwerp atdaybreak. I have business of moment to settle in the Netherlands." "Private business of his majesty's, my lord?" ^ " Of the king's-yes." " Yon have been at Whitehall, thai, to night, my lord?" "I have received my orders, sir," Lend Deverill answered sternly. This is a matter that lies between his majesty tm| myself. I permit no one to play the apy upon myirffain. The secretary murmured a humble apology. Let me accompany you toyourlodgmgsin. the (Sty, my lord, he asked. "I may be of some use to you." "Not there is nothing you can do for me exoeptkeep the secret of my presence here to-night Not a word, mind, to Lady DererilL I sleep at the Green Dragon- good night" "Let me see you to the door, my lord." "No, keep your seat I want no fuss or Tbe secretary waited, listening breathlessly till he beard the sound of the hall-door closed with a cautious hand. Thenhecrsptthrough the dark librae, and out into the hall where it was' almost daric, and Mood thare behind a stone oolumn listening intently. Yes, in the galleij abase he heard the sound of a man's footstep, stealthy, but distur^' ' " utter stUlness of the house. Atom Mfldqiay crept up the staircase with light swift steps. He wps just in time to see a figure disappear through a dimly L~J archway at the end of thegfdjexy-a Iwart form iiiatwaa veiy familiar to par^d to Uart into the embrasure of a door, should jhisprironturn. He followed t " foot of. Jhe, fectud staircase, and saw, Deverill mounting before him, mnnpting ^ tbla^^^flwjr there**^^a*range vt^ chambers rarely occupied, and above these tbejB&r;,retB0f tbesepvants. Amnion Mildmay heard hii kirwnai lLt^ng^ tte a ^uMtMrfriTiour, the secretary went softly "8o.this Wwhat 'his^lpidship meftailjiy ±.*il There i* a i witt 