LTI IE.GAP.DENER'S HOUSE.-The council lors of ,Villiamstown nmde themselves merry on Monday night over the plan which the surveyor shal.preparel of a house proposed to be erectded in thelpnblic garden. Councillor Reid made some 'llusioil to the architecture as being of the style otf Gte.`Goths,s although not altogethJr (Gotlic: other cocnillors thought that however useful the building might he it was not ornamental, and so the poor llan was kmokel? about from one to the other and laughed at as if it was the emaila tion of a f.stta tisc minmL Bittlhe gentlenien whe so flippantly referred' to it seemed to'overlook the ,very important fact that they hail dcciled to erect a house at a cost of £100,antd' that conse iluidhtly there w?as not any room for the display of 's lirge 'amount of talenit. If 'Mr. Nolan had been askeld to preClre the plans of a house to ost £1,000, he would no doubt have prxlneed something more pretentious ; but the CUouncil have no right to expect that anything Mso cieap as th'ei=eijtire w ill be otherwise thais unsightly. '.: TUED iliOUs ,GAitL-Somu sttil id fel low, fo 'whom more 'sitaible employment will nio doubt-be found if the Imlice suLeeel in captur. -ing 'i?n, has for some nightis past becli terrifying the women and .children in theil. nuigiiourhood ,of the titrsuL. Hoe. hns .been isn the habit of mlsaking his appearance alxsist s midnight antu soume tintes xsearir,.prrayei in white, and upon the parties hefuire ,whom hei. presenits himself. mani festina iany signs of fear he hovers albout them in s imysterious asnmer: but ,when they h show. a s'dsire "for a close acjiaItaintace, his ghiostship takes to his heels. The police have been on the watch -for ths, blockheadl,i but have never ;yet 'got' a 'glimpsq of himn; : On W\Veliesday. about clcvei os'lsocki a seafaring nula was . proceeding islong the Strand, andi on arriving at the corner of :Steelore -street 'he saw' a' thing" fantatisti esally dressedin white, but was not particularly ?nteresteld in its movements, as he was ignorant oi,all the wdonderful stories that had beeh.nar rated about ghost. i Howeier, is he passed alung,. the , "thing'6" .stealthily approached to within about six feet 'of him.. '"Hallos, mate, ?-hat do'-ou waist "' ecrietl the pedestrian, upon which the shade turned anil scamiperei?d dotwn'l the street in a, mostnunghostly manner. The nautical iparty followed, and .in the course of the chise two material'legs became ivisilde b'e seath the slitrod of the runter, vhd stodin?a goid chante oft being captlfeml had iuot hidsintrt, aucr, atumbled when in front of .?r. litilgussa' rheopin Fe?ugison-street; They have at Institu.; -Ion in Amcricat'whih is found to work mlou ox. peasitiously aid sometimes nmoi effectivbly'thaii 4-al'hyjutry :'It i a 'roughly.organisel court, piesis?ed over ly a justice of the name of. Lynch, . smnd,altitough we do: ot wishl to easo any of his ifonhsur's: followerstako up their resldituec in this couutry, we ea?not help thinklingj thi thui ptsi's' ie f 'ouldsf 'thei. at the iapture 'if thlis glhostly:gentl.emai5 <nIiald niot be unaccceptable. .If he; splareiLlbefore men only, we should not Sinclined. to , h ofthiik. uscl of, the mnatter ; but thie irisinsi results - which sissy enssou, fromi Ihis: terrifyih -?mHeni' miand children ,iares siiuh . as .to rcsler it highly' iseeessary 'that "his nmidniht walks-shduldI iei estricts. "': " "'' rest. : :.t .. at the list meeting of the Willinastown Cosuncil tlitt'thrauationi the rateablse pir ioerty ithini the bhfoouh fortliij~tiya aiunmiits to £3i ,0s, Beinl: £i1100 in excess of last y ears s uount. It woond1thus aiepear th it -a. -havi ? ,somi.- iiese in?e "ross uiuiLg the "past tiwIve"le osiiutlis'h, ald thlit 1Villianiston is Iot exactl tie li e jpy,.HolloI which some people sl wul hlave its blievedit to lbe t. ILLIAMSTOWN CIuICKET CLUB.-- llLedt s ngofthis cib too,tk phs~lis;is Mosniayf vennin, the, i:resident,, MIr. ,H.It.ll., Reid,- 'in.,tlhe chair. It was. agreed .that prhetice shall conmnence at unice,, but owing to the unfavour-able u :ether the gioiiu 'sill niiot be"L it for the o?iintug miatcli till atisi ay next, ous which ccasion all ericketsrs ar 'ivitie.d to' attend iin the gosiaui.to'take piat ' n the gaume; " the odliice-tieariii'for the' oeiutg season. will -bii edistedd 'etiee the 'itinimngs ', It isa'ileo" iideJ h u6 thattlic: tin ligial' ireport?will bo submitteL 9_ that . actauioe ' x.THE MAI,.TEAs 'E oF TItE 1'oon.-rTlie \illiiamstown'c?iii eil have reaceived a circular from the Royal Comutissi on UClharitdabulae titu tiuns containing a nnutber otf ulitioull relatiillto I: the iaionteaiiuica of the destitute sick adl poor of at the district. iAn expression of olpinion is aske for as to the best mole of relieving the distressed, 31 and in order that a nmatter of so much imilnrtaiiLLce may he fully considered, the Council will go it"o n commnittee upoii it next 3lMonday week. We "i know of no cheiaper mole of afforliong relief to [ tlhe distressed tlhan that which has hitlherto beeni C adopted in Williamstown ; but tllen we miay, not it always fill ladies who will give their time and ti lanbour as the Willianistown Ladies' Ielenevolelit 6 Society has done. The Council will no doubt it consider the matter well before they offer any suggestion to the Commission. ; P .UDDEN DiEATH.-A labouriug ia ill named It HenryJones, employed at Simpson's slaughteriing' premiss,. near Williamnstowin, was found dead:il i his bed on Thursday morning at the Kororoit I Creek, where he resided. The deceased was 4 Ip years old, and was unmarried. He was an old fi coloinist, and lad hlong been addicted to intem- i perance. Jones went to bel on Wednesday night apparently, in his usual health, which was coun 'sidlered to lie good. The body was brought to thie d Williamstown morgue the following day, 1 whlere.a post 'aoiolteat examinatioi was inade by Dr. Figg. Dr. 'Maclean. the district coroner, held :ua inquest at tile pier botel in the evcning. The evidence showed that the stomach was disease?, but that the inmm.ediate cause of death was rui- I ture of one of the vessels'of the heart. The jury returned a verdict accordingly. * FAIIt I'LAY IS Bo?mUx I' LAY." -The SWilliamstown councillors are apparently 'of opiniion that wihat is sauce for the goase is nict ·exactly sauce for the gander. On Maonday night they reeeived a;tl lpplication fro: a Mr.I Gibls for the use of the public garden on the night of the 21st iint. for the purpose of giving a pyre- - tchnici display therein. The Council could? not think of granting the ganlens proper-those' beautiful galdens in which our citizens do walk ablroal and recreate themlselves-for any such purLose, andi if 3Mr. Gills applied for the adjoin ing reserve only, why thie man nmust be mad, be cause, as Cr. Rleid observed, "a regimient of sol diers could march through the fences." Under all the circumstances, therefore, it was considerdl best to refuse tile application on account of the "dilapidated condition of the fences." ]mmne diately afterwards the application of the Me clhanics' Institute coinmittee for the use of tlie gardenlen? i o'xing-day was read, and utterly obh livious of dilapidated fences, rare plants and ex pensive shrubs, the letter was referred to the narlie Coiumittee.: Now, we do not object to the committee hliving the garden on Boxing-ilay.; n.01 the contrary, we are pleased to find the C~oun cili shouing.'a disllosition to grant the reser-ve Bait ?wati ;arthly reanion is there why a pyrouteh nist should not be allowed a similar privilege! The Council are apparently forgetful of the fact thata display of fireworks did take place in.the garden some time ago, when the dmaiage done to the ground was very trifling. TRITrrY CfHUaIIR.-We are informed that%.. H.. Goss and Co. of this town are the successful tenderers.for the irst contract in the erection of the new Trinity Church, which com. prises the masaive foundations anid part of the walls. i No less than seven tenders were received. "FAITH RUN MAD."-The 'Rev. W. LH Fitchett e-'deliveredi his lecture'ou this subiject At Footacray on Tuesday evening. the mayor (iMr Sims. presiding.. The rev. gentleaman was list toned -to with great attention, and lis remlarks of , which we have already iven a leng.'Wy no. tice, appeared to.cronto consdeurblu amulsement. At the conclusion a aunnniimous vuto of thiahak was p]ssed to tliu lucturer on the tlution of AMr: Sutcliffe, seconded- by'. Mr. Sullivan.- There were oipwards of 100 people prsent. ' 'PRhEaDYTEhRlAN OIiEE. - .W c Wol.ld Idraw attJtiolan to 'it atdlvortismeiit lsewhere ;whliul h itlnlata~i .tdi t a saireeswill take placoin aeunneUtlaa with - tlhe P ?rsbyterlat Churclh at -Willtanistowni'la Tu'esdry evei-rug uixt, & t'h?i Prslbyterlaas, thi6 ptibliu tre aatre, hltae iret contly boun' obliLiud to pnll down their ehureh andTre-biild it, inl consiu(Ittaco of the insecurity of th' iwalls,ian'd this' soiree is to assist in defray ing thlo'oexansc of thul.work.' We' hope, tlicre ( foa'tliaat thlai 'will'he a large gatheriung on the Olratt.r d ostl iOnt.-Al tlher cincert in aild f the fuimls if St. Mairy's chir, will take Splace in the Wiiliiamstbwoii Mc-l-h:mnies' Institute on SWeldneslay eveaning. The vocahlists. as on a lpre vious occasion, will coinist chietly of th t pnitilh of MIr..W..; A. :Ricihandon. ;-The prograintne ccln tainD a. nuober of; excellent; part songs, and the chorus' beifig a powerful one, it is expicted that .Uothing-will-be- wan tingto make the-cntertainment a coumplete success. I *onsidering the object for which tlie eintertaillnent is toi le iven'," we have no doubt that there will b4 a large attendahne. 'COCiCE6RIT T.Y ILLIAMSTOWs.s-A colncert under the, aqsinca of the, Naval Bri-gade tqnk Iplace in the .Mechanics' Insstitut on I hursaday evening for the benefit of Sergeamt Hod, 'an of tliat con alny, wh:i has for caine time loei:e confnled to his house by. illnes.' Tihe plihgramme ,wa leogtl y -adi Ugel ash I.iailtle perfiarina of thl rocalista were saech as to cause the: encores to be nuomeroeus. 'Mias Sharpe and 'Air.; Dwigfii Were greeted as old favourites byl the 'aidiene;, who aeenieal as if they iiwoald never giw tired of hear iag them *Ma. i;ine aud'ol thers were likewise sao:esafal - in' t' r effoBrt to pilease, anýd a very a-reeable csa/ia.aig. sass spolent. . ..as Iaiathu, it should''" ieniutoncd; 'aresiaadil at thil,piauuu s witi 1tllo' pt-st , " , ; U 