;V- ' ; ' THEA?TRE ROYAL. ' ' .There was, a very good attendance, at .the Theatre last night; arid', so , long as .Mr Cliapmari continues to 'exhibit his dexterity .of band, he ahould fi'rid'plonty of visitofa to-the Theatrof-He addB much tq the attraotion;of liis entertniument by-explaining- the manner rin- which' several of the' 'mora' 'simple tricks me' perforiried? ! He ' re? peated - seyeral of "tlie - same-feats' rib on' tlie pre- vfous evoriingB, but though" tliere1 were!mariy; per sons '. wliof had come on purpose ,'to find out tlie secrets, they wore ns uusuccessful- as on the first occasion. .The rings' were , Handled, again .with the satae dexterity, arid they "passed through' each other , visibly tq; t)i?o .eye, but rio.'exomiriatioh , could detect secret springs to solve the riddle. The great charm of Mr Chapman's illusions con sist in the ' absence of ' mechanical aids', and tlie ease :and simplicity: with -which so many difficult trioks are performed. .There, wa8pnewhichlio exhibited last .night, .with ?an egg passiag but of one hat into! another, and'rolling.round.the out side of an hat. , This, ha not. only did, with much nentpesri o?n ,'tlie"''stage,.' hut ' alsb7in"'ibe. stalls amongst 'the audience. Afterwards lie explained' tlie manner by ' which" the' eggs took so many perplexing circuits, but it will not be fair to make the revelation ' here, as those! who' may riot have been present had better go'arid be taught o?t 'lie ad quafters7?This ?we?uriderstqrid will.be tlie last night' on- which "there will he an opportunity to seo him, arid, the buribiis iri legerdemain had better avail themselves of this last chance. Tlie concluding; part "of'tlie programme was, directed to an exposure' of the trick played' by the -Daven port-Brothers,; under the protended' ageucy of spirits.-:;All suoli pretensions Mr .Chapman de nounces .as impostures, and as an illustration of how far t.; deception' ; iriav -be practised on susceptible minds, he exhibited what he tormod a sackful of ghosts. ;He allowed himself to be handcuffed, tied: in a Back, seele'dmp,, and placed in a square frame surrounded by curtains. He was scarcely in. this strange quarter when hands W6I6 seen at tllQ tOD of the ourtflin. inefrnmcnlc plajed and flung about, in the midst of which noises he 7wps.dis0bve.red bound up in .tbo sack. ,In a short time liis coat was' thrown' out, next the sack, without the seal being' broken, and lastly ; himself, handcuffed as at first. The >key was all theivvliile in the possession 1 of a': gentleman who vindeistandq the management of liahdouffs", rind ho unlocked them.1 Ooe of - the sihgulnrities in i1 tkwient was, how tho coat was got from the back , rfT1' Chapman while the 'hands wero looked :belund liia brick. . /Sssingriibivqver, tliat so muoh can be done by - trickery, the' wori'der "of the jBavenport Vraauifestations' - disappears. Tho ii 'concluded tho programme,, and Willie, was ns unaccountable in his!aocuraoy of descriptipn:of;t|iiiigs unseori by him as'before. 