SILKEN CORDS & IRON FETTERS: AN AUSTRALIAN TALE. BY MAUD JEAN FRANC. CHAPTER XVII. OVER THE BTTXOWS. And so, bv the help of Nellie's treasured pearls, Audy found his way suddenly made smooth for him when he least expected it. " She should never, never repent her loan," he assured her, as he kissed her again and again. " He would soon be able to remit enough to redeem the pearls—that should be the first result of his gain. She was a dear, good little sister—a iewel in herself!" " I could not hear to think of your wanting, Andy, dear," she said with a sad smile, the flush deepening on her pale cheeks. "Ob, you've set me up, Nellie, darling. I shall do first rate now. Won't I go in for the gold, never fear, and in a way that will astonish the natives! M But don't stay too long away, Andy. Peraaps— I don't know—but I sometimes think I shall not live long," whispered Nellie, hiding her face on her "brother's shoulder. "Now, Nellie, you are nervous. Nonsense, darling! You'll lire to hear ine tell all my adventu res, and to enjov the gold I bring home," said Andrew rather uneasily, as he clasped the fragile figure to him, and felt how fragile it really was. " See, darling, -will you look at this belt? I think the buckle needs a stitch or two." And Maggie went to Louis Conway one evening, when she knew her brother was safe in a contrary direction. She found him alone in his little sittingroom in Margaret-street, seated at the table, writing English letters, for the mail was going out; but he rose iustantlv when she entered, and placed the large chair at her .disposal. There was surprise in his voice as he exclaimed, " Miss Maggie!" A surprise which she smiling acknowledged was fust, but which quickly disappeared as she unravelled the mystery, and gave the reason for her visit. " Andy 'is so reckless in money matters, Mr. Conway," she concluded. "If he had the whole of the money there would most probably come a time of need for which he had no cash ; and, as he does not know of this, if you will kindly keep it for him—as you go together—and will just let him have it as he requires, we shall feel so much obliged to you." " Ton do me great honor in confiding in tie. Miss Macdonald," replied Conway, warmly. " Will you tell your sister that I shall only be too glad to do everything to assist your brother that I possibly can. " I will, Mr. Conway. Dear Nellie! it will be such a comfort to her. She is so fond of Andy—so full of fear respecting him." " And I am afraid she i* very delicate." " Oh, she is !" replied Maggie, the tears coming -into her eyes. " She thinks herself that she will not live much longer." " And what of her hope for another world ? Forgive me. Miss Maggie," said Conway, gravely: " but I like to know that my friends are safe for eternity, however slight their tenure of existence "We know so little of these matters," replied Maggie, the tears again starting to her eyes. " Since you were at our house, indeed, something you said , has set Nellie thinking. She told me so once, and I see it often in her face since." " And I shall have no time to call before I leave now, Miss Macdonald. Perhaps it would not be expedient," said Louis regretfully, " but I will write to your sister before I leave; and if she will allow me, will now and then send news from Victoria of your brother's well-being. Meanwhile, Miss Maggie, remember it is not in time of sickness or weakness we shoulk seek a Saviour, but in health and life, we should yield to Him our best!" Louis Coawav fulfilled his promise, and Nellie received a kind" and earnest letter, renewing his assurances of care for her brother's welfare, but chiefly dwelling on the theme that lay nearest his own thoughts. He made no apology for introducing the subject. It was kindly, feelingly, and naturally done. The simple plan of salvation by Jesus gently urged upon her consideration. His love, which is above evtery other love, warmly pleaded. How many tears were shed over that letter he never knew, or how dav by day it was treasured, aud read, and pondered over, while the little Bible, hitherto valued simply for Aunt Annie's sake, in its rich velvet cover and clasps, became her daily and hourly companion. It was the dawn of new ideas—new feelings in j | Nellie's mind. The spirit was obtaining the victory j over the failing body. God was blessing his word. But meanwhile there was a sorrowful parting on earth. Andy's final wrench from home was a paiuful one. Not that all the silken cords that had encircled his path from his earliest years were snapped assunder. They were too closely entwined round his heart to be easily broken, and he went forth on his way fully eonseious of their influence. The parting with his sisters and mother took place at night. It cost him a sleepless pillow, and he lay tossing about till early moraine, restless and uneasy, and half disposed to relent. His father had refused a farewell clasp—had uttered no good-bye, for he could not readily forgive this last act of insubordina- \- tion *>n his son's part. In his view of the case he was marring all his future. His instability would prove his ruin—of that he felt assured; but with all Ms anger there was mingled grief, only the natural sternness of his character had the victory, and the softer feeling was illegible to poor Andy, who could read nothing but harsh injustice in every action— especially the closing one. The long weary night came to an end at last, and with the first rosy peep of dawn, resolved that no second parting should unnerve him, or shake him from his purpose, Andy hurriedly dressed, collected the one or two possessions of his that he intended to take with him (the principal were in Adelaide awaiting „ embarkation), ,. and turned his back on his pretty home, with all its pretty surroundings and loving hearts. Something like a foreboding of evil stole over him, and sent a ehill to his heart as lie stood for a moment looking back at the windows with their down-drawn blinds. How quiet and peaceful all looked in the grey morning light. No curling emote—no open door. Should he ever pass the threshold of that door again ? "Would the same little circle welcome "him into their midst on his return?— the name unbroken circle to be gladdened by his tales and his gold? He shook on one side the chilling doubt that crept over him as he stood looking towards one little window at the side of the house, and passing quickly through the "gate, turned his back upon all, and commenced a rapid walk iowaras town. , The whole party were to embark that day, ana with a favorable wind they expected to be clear out-of port before evening. There yet remained a lew minor matters to settle—a few purchases to make. Louis Conway and Edward Clyde had. appointed a place of meeting, and those last purchases apper- All rights 0/ rejwWicafcoa reserved. taining to their digging' life were to be made in oomnanv. Maude and Constance weve to remain till midday at a friend's house at the Port, wucre they were also to take pouesaon of their catanj By the time Andv Macdonald had tt^hed Adelaide he was in a condition to laugh at his own forebodings. The prospect before him wag all rose-tinted agam-all at least beyond the sea that had no charm for him, and certainly in bein- willing to endure all its upheavings and rude tossing? to and fro was proof sufficient o. his strong desire after the land of go d. Louis Comvav had reduced his luggage to tae smallest possible compass. The greater portion of his belongings he had consigned to the care ol u.s landlady till" his return. Edward Clyde also .tad stored a portion of his furniture that thev might not feel quite homeless in the event of taeir return, thouA he thought that return rather problematical.^ " Ve are much more likely to settle m Melbourne, he said with his usual merry laugh, "and to teli vou the truth, I believe that city wil agree better witn the ideas of my sisters than Adelaide Bes.des we have many friends in Melbourne, and if 1 don t get gold, perhaps I may happen on a good thing by way of a situation." . , "Don't get gold! Hi how! what are you thinking of?" shouted Andy. " You will get gold— y °H™had lost some of the rose-tints from his dreams before evening. A favorable wind had sprang up soon after they had fairly embarked, and before the sunbeams had faded from the beautiful Adelaide ran^e of hills, they were out at sea, tossing 011 the upheaving waves, ndiug on the backs of the crested billows, and suffering in all its hideous variety of torture from the terrible mal d-e mer. No exception iu cabin or steerage—at least superior accommodation did not produce the exemption. A few taere were who, either from greater experience with the iostlin<rs of Neptune and his buffcttiug waves, or else from naturally strong stomachic organs, could afford to laugh at their weaker brethren, while they themselves partook of the eveuiug meal with admirable susto None of our friends were among this favored number, though certainly Louis Conway suffered the lea«t Andv Macdonald was as assuredly the worst of the whole group, ladies included. The steerage— —even the cabins—were crowded \vit:i an eager excited set of passengers, whose whole conversation fr-dd—sold—cold, till sea sickness prostrated them'and their golden dreams together. Maude aud Constance were nearly the only lady passengers. There was indeed a young aud pretty bride ot a few weeks old, who had insisted upon accompanying her husband and sharing his hardships and dangers. Youuf and pretty she was, but of the working class, both willing and able to work, aud to " rough it." The complement of the feminine passengers was made up bv a middle-aged woman of the same class, with three or four stout girls, whose husbaud and sous were consigned to the steerage, aud a fair delicate ladv thefwife of a medical man who had already preceded her to Melbourne, and whom she expected to meet iu that city. There she was to be given into the charge of friends with her little boy, who accompanied her, while her husband proceeded to Ballarat to make his fortune by dint of medical skill, if not by digging. " I shall be nearer to him, and that will be somethin®," she said to Maude, while a faint blush spread over"her fair cheek. " We shall not have the sea between us at any rate;" aud Maude, as she looked from her to the handsome but dissipated countenance of the doctor worn in a locket at the end of her chain, wondered in her heart whether he was worthy of so much love and confidence. She feared not. But conversation soon became out of the question. The ladies lav prostrated iu their cabins ; the gentlemen were in little better condition, while the steerage told unutterable tales. . Poor Audv! could he once have set his toot upon "olid land, as iu those terrible upheaving moments he desired, the gold might have gone to the bottom of the sea for all he would have cared. A few rough b : llcw3. a little rolling from side to side, had cured his gold fever, at least for the time being, for he was wretchedly ill. Yet amid all—rough winds, and heaving waves, and crested billows—amid crowded, coarse, comparatively-rude fare, and worse stowage—they were rapidly and cheerily proceeding on their way to the EL Dorado of their'hopes. If the winds were rough they were favorable, aud after the first two or three days one after another white and ghost-like figures wrapped in Dreadnoughts or pea jackets issued from cabin or steerage io recover health and spirits in the bracing sea breeze, and to enjoy with what zest they mi^ht the fare in different degrees of excellence as it was provided for them by the ship purveyor. Audy was still a prisoner in his berth, and would still have remained so but for the care of his friends, Edward and Louis. With a little friendly assistance they carried him up on deck upon his mattrass. A ghastly spectacle to look upon, poor fellow ! he was, witn neither strength nor spirit to rouse or lilt his head. He told them faintly " they had better pitch him into the sea at once." But they managed to procure some good beef tea from the cabm cook, and to administer this by spoonfuls, till a little of the color came back into his face, and this, with the addition of the soft sunlight and sweet fresh sea breeze, now less wild in its vagaries, did something to revive the desire after life, so strongly dominant in the human breast, which takes indeed sea sickness in all its horrible variety to erradicate. [TO BE COXTISTIED.] 