LIGHT READING. (From London Punch's Almanack, 1870.) Notice to the Thubtbeb.— In the department of Natural History at the British Museum there is a serious deficiency. There are neats of all sorts and sizes, birds* nests, ^ aeps' nests, &c.; ; but not a single epeoimenof a mare's nest. *1 his is a great disappointment to country visitors. To Parents and Guardians.— If you teach children ASMUIBI #AUIIWty Mi MID uuUiUgMMM teBIUPUBj WOUU II Hj LUULQ correotly. For example: yon should impress on thoir youthful minds that the bears climbing up for buns in the pit are Polar Bears. An Eaely Luxury.— The Celts were much farther advanced in civilization thanie oommonly supposed. They invented Cfellzer water. How to Know Them.— Asa ruleBankere' Clerks may bo distinguished by their wearing trousers with checks. 'The New Bath Guide.' — A Pamphlet on the Turk ish syBtem. A Ticklish Position.— Standing upon Trifles. PRIZE CONUNDRUM. My First is|my second, My Second's my first ? My Third's my beBt reckon'd, Mt Fourth is my worBt. - My Whole is a Something, but what I can't toll, Because if I did, why then you'd know as well. V Answer promised by Punch, household recipes. To Destroy Black Beetles.— Turn a paob of fox- hounds into the kitchen. To Cure Smoky Chimneys. — Discontinue fires. To get Rid of Ghosts.— Use disinfecting fluid copiously. To Expel Dry-Rot. -Soak the places affeoted with the finest dry sherry. To get the Servants up early in the Morning. — Send them to bed early at night. To Revive the Fire.— Tie up the front door knocker in a white kid glove. To prevent the Beer going too FaBt.— Possess the key to the 'mystery. To avoid Draughts.— Don't take any. To destroy Moths. — Collect butterflies. How to keep Plate clean. — Wrapped up in silver paper. How to dispose of Old Newspapers. — Put them into the brown study. A CAROL BY A CYNIC. O rest you. merry gentlemen, Let nothing you dismay ; But mind you have your puraos full, Your Chrietmaa bills to pay. And mind you do not fsaat too much On jovial Christmas cheer ; Or else of gout you'll get a touch, To gladden the New Year. Brown came borne with a black eye. To his wife's inquiries he replied, that, having asked himself a question, be received such a saucy answer that be bad been obliged to resent it. His wife did not believe him, and got a new dress that week. 'What Next ?— The ingenuity af our great agricultural implement makers is extraordinary. One of them has late ly invented a machine for sowing wild oats, whioh is expected to have an immense sale. A Barbel has more brains than a booby who dyes his beard. The fool does, the fish doesn't. Zoological. — A story that lays hold of you, A pre hensile tail. The most Detestable of the Morning Calls,— ' Hot Water, Sir ! ' No Offencb.— As a rule crime is to be discouraged, but a comic writer Bhould do bis utmost to provoke man's laughter. W hen a vulgar husband drops his Q's a good wife drops her eyes. The Angle of Incidence. — When you're fishing and tumble into the water. Nigiit and Day. — Our bill-sticker is so devoted to his profession that he always sleeps in a four-poster. A Band of Hofe. — A Submarine Cable. AN IDYLL. In the month of January, First I met my darling Mary, In the month of Febru-erry, Then I met her down in Derry. Once again in month of March, Met her at the Marble Arch. Met her in the month of April, Gone to Bangor to escape Rhyl. Met her orce again in May, Sitting calmly at the play. Met her yet once more in June, Where the Park hand plays a tunc, Then I met her in July, Richmond Hill, and no one by. Met her vet once moreiu August, 'When it blew a nasty raw gust. Sid I meet her in September a Did 1 1— well, I den't remember. Then I met ber in October, Spoke to her in sadneaa sober. ' No ' eomes natural in A'ovemberg Quenched was Cupid's flick'ring ember. Never uiet again . December Of a Club I'm now a member. 