THE PEERYBINGLE PAPERS. " Meanwhile physicians know that many are mad but in a single depraved imagination, and one prevalent decifiency, and that beside and out of such single deliriums, a man may meet with sober actions, and sound sense in Bedlam." SIR THOMAS BROWNE, 1634. Long ago one of the wisest and best of men wrote this, and the world has'nt altered since. Nay, surely, it's been getting madder since, and madder, thanks to the march of intellect, and dramdrinking, and dirty pride. In fact, it's been growing so mad, has the world, that it doesn't know a madman when it sees one, and so would take his poor, dazed wits, and treat 'em like the sound article, if it was let alone. Look at the lunatic, Supple, now. There's a human ruin that ten days ago the law, if it had been let alone, would have pulled down before its time, and so made a cruel end of. Ten days ago the law, so merciful to real sinners, was going right off the reel, as you might say, to hang up the body of this sad maniac for sane people to be warned by ; and to banish the burthened soul of him anywhere out of the world, so as it would have a chance, in a manner of speaking, to put into some far-away port to repair damages, and to get its cracks straightened out. " We must hang him," they said, " because how could he be mad, and yet write articles for newspapers ? We must hang him because he tried, quite like a sensible being, to kill his slanderer. We must hang him, because he wants to keep on killing his enemies, instead of turning the other cheek to each, and all." Soberly, and seriously, what do you think of this talk, now you've cooled down on it ? Do you believe that because a man writes articles for newspapers, he MUST be in his right mind ? Or are you stupid enough to suppose that Supple was slandered at all ? Put it in this way : The people that want to hang him say his idea about being slandered is all delusion — " hallucination's " the dictionary word, and " hallucination's " the very word these people use. Well, I'll take 'em at their word, and ac- cording to dictionary English, a "hallucination's " " a diseased state of the mind, or imagination.' My civilised friends, don't be hard on " hallu cinations," for there's no knowing how soon your own minds may run off the track, or how soon you yourselves might come to the gallows, if you made a law to hang lunatics. In the papers last week they told how a man with "a big stick under his arm " was hanging about the Supreme Court, looking for Mr. Smith. If we're not to come to revolvers, and bowie knives, the sooner the man with a big stick, and all such can be stowed away in jail the better. If we didn't protect the Smiths, the world would shortly be played out. Yes, played out like Frou-Frou ! For they won't have Frou-Frou at Sydney. Either it's too high, or it isn't high enough ; I don't know which, and so it's played out in those parts. If I remember the plot of it, you might call it " muck," and nothing less. Siill, the fathers and mothers of Melbourne liked it, — muck as it was ; and very likely they'll crush to the theatre to see that other lovely play, " Formosa." You'll understand, ladies, and gents, that Formosa's a prostitute ; so be in time if you please, to take places for your daughters, supposing you think it'll do 'em any to know about a harlot's progress. You've had the Continental Cafe on the stage, with waitresses rather more naked than the original article ; and now you're getting a peg still lower. As a rather brandy-and-watery friend of mine says, "by Jingo, sir, the Stage; sir, is a great school, sir, by Jingo." He might go on, and call it in these times, " A School for Scandal." And this puts the thought into my head that it might be a paying game to make plays out of some of our little jokes. These would look well in the bills : " Let me kiss him for his Mother, or the Racketty Archdeacon ;" Beere, or The Mis- fortunes of a Servant Girl ;" " The Taylor's Goose, or What'll Mrs. Grundy say ;" The Playful Parson, or St. Kilda's Pride ;" and so on, and so forth. " Gin a body kiss a body comin' thro' the rye?" 'Pon my life I don't know, and don't much care ; but what on earth makes every blessed female singer sing this same song ? For a live Scotch lassie to sing it, may be all well enough in it's way ; but for every sort of songstress to pump it out is too much, of a good thing. Cockney, Italian, French, Dutch, and Hebrew, they all howl " Comin' thro' the rye," as if the bloom was always on it, and as if 'a body" continually wanted to be kissing another " body " in this slobbery way. Go to a concert, sing out " Ang- kor" to everything according to the fashion, and as sure as you're born half the time you'll hear the band strike up " tumti- tumti-tumti-iddy," and the fair howler begin her everlasting " Gin a body," whilst every booby in the place bangs his leg o' mutton fists together in token of delight. It's doubtful too, whether half the people even know the meaning of the words, especially the Cockney people, or whether they're any wiser than their countryman who wanting to ask another if he'd heard "Robin Adair," enquired if he'd ever heard " Robin Had Hair," to which answered the other, " To be sure I have, you fool. Who ever said he was bald ?" A parcel for the Sporting Editor of the Daily Telegraph was given me to deliver last week (carriage fourpence) by a freckle-faced young man, with a melancholy cast of eye, and a horsey look in general. They wouldn't take it in because they hadn't got any Sporting Editor on hand, or pay the fourpence, so I make bold to print it as a warning to you all, as following : " THE GHOST'S TIP. How we listened ; How we believed ; How we popped it on, And How we dropped our money. Chapter I. We were three ! There was the Young Man from the Country, the Squatter from Yackan- dandah, and Myself. A kerosene lamp on the table consumed the midnight oil, and gave forth an odour of burnt Egyptian mummy ; a beaker full not exactly of the " blushful Hippocrene," but of Carlisle ale, with a head on, stood before each solemn drinker; the night wind and the dog in the next yard howled ; and birds of ill omen, after flapping against the pane, " fled away into the storm," as the poet Keats would have said. It was in fact a night for phantoms, ghouls, gnomes, and that sort of folk ; and we yielded to its weird influence in such a manner that we resisted that of the beer for many a long hour. Somehow though this latter liquid, as we gloriously absorbed it, seemed to have an affinity for the head, instead of for the stomach ; and but for a certain condition of mental exaltation into which we had worked ourselves, over a conversation on ghosts, we might each have regarded each as being fuddled. To a taste for horseflesh, we all added a passion for calculating chances, and taking odds. There was nothing that we would not reduce to figures, and finally take odds about. If the Babe in the Wood, as we more familiarly called the Young Man from the Country, gave vent to any thought, opinion, idea, or speculation, the Squatter straightway would propose to lay against that idea, and I, myself, would fall neck and heels into the wordy fray, offering to lay against both. The spirit of contradiction filled us. As the Babe phrased it, " we were death on backing our opinions and having opinions about tbe Hunt Club races, we had kept on back- ing them throughout the night with persistent vigour, until I, for one, dropped from the scene into the arms of Sleep. Chapter II. How long I slumbered I cannot say ; but after awhile, short or long, I became dreamily conscious of a Presence. It invaded my nostrils with a strange, sulphurous smell ; it weighed upon my eyelids with preternatural heaviness, and it oppressed my sense of hearing with a dull, inarticulate hum as of the voices of phantoms, striving to startle, and inform my human intelli- gence in a way, as I apprehended it, not unfamiliar to the new sect of Rappers. As I became more and more alive to this, the ghostly mutterings waxed wilder ; and out of the inner chambers of my mind I fetched my latest thought, and showed it, as 1 would have shown a bodily entity, to my Spirit guest. The thought was fashioned after this sort : " I wonder whether any Spirit Rappers are loaf- ing about these premises !" Expectant only of a rap, the blood flowed coldly back to my heart, when instead of the sound familiar by report, there resounded through the house, harsh and loud as the blow of Magog's fist upon a groaning board, an emphatic Bang, bang, bang. "Per Bacco, I ejaculated (as I always swear in choice Italian) , " but that's just a trifle rough on a fellow's senses. Yet I'll 'wonder' again, and chance it. I wonder now whether this Old Mole would give a straight tip for the Grand National ?" Here a peal of laughter shook the roof ; and as, a substitute for the horrible bangs, I distinctly heard the echo of a human voice blurt out the words, "I believe you, my boy." Verily I could have shrieked outright, if I hadn't been in a cold perspiration, but following up my seeming advantage, and animated by a mercenary desire to take odds, I continued, "Then spot the winner !" Quicker than thought itself, the answer came, "Pop it on Dutchman." And then the rest was silence.. CHAPTER III. I awoke. What a pleasant opiate beer would be if there wasn't any to-morrow morning! I awoke. The Babe was there, and so was the recuperating squatter. They were drinking soda dashed with fire-water. Full of my news from the sporting Sphere, I, technically speaking, laid them on. Chapter IV. That eve at dusk three gloomy men might have been seen gazing at a pawnbroker's " gilded device to cover ulterior designs." Ten minutes later they had done the deed. Their Uncle had been a " little less than kin and more than kind." * * * *It is enough to add that they popped it on Dutchman. COMCLUSION. Twenty years after they compared notes. The companions of my revel made it clear to me that in an emphatic state of beer, I had courted slumber under the table, after topping up with Spirits (P.B.) The more vigorous of the surviving twain had plumped for Dutchman with all his might and main. He was my Rapper, my Phantom Tipster, my Ghostly purveyor of a sell ;" and he, like the rest of us, was sold. Hence these tears. The Flying Dutchman re- fused to fly and our Uncle saw us no more ! MORAL. Dutch courage, Dutch cheese, Dutch play- acting, and Dutch gin may be all very well ; but the only metal about a high-mettled Dutch race- horse is Dutch Metal." JOHN PEERYBINGLE. SOME spiritualists, whom we will not identify with all of that " following," have indulged in a piece of more than usually bad taste. At a seance lately held under the auspices of the Banner of Light Committee, a letter was received couched in most offensive English, and purport- ing to come from the late Charles Dickens. To bolster up an imposture by a letter in villanous English from Confucius, or Bacon, or Aristotle, or Shakspere, is merely grotesque ; but a spirit- letter from a man for whom a whole nation still grieves is an insult to humanity. — Echo 