I/IGHT AND DARKNESS CANNOT AGIiEE. One of the greatest misfortunes of Ro- maniBt priests is, that they can never be convinced of the error of any position which they have once assumed. Although infallibility is not supposed by their sys tem to rest with them, yet they always act and speak as if they thought it did. A thousand refutations fall powerless on their ears, a thousand logical conclusions fail to penetrate their understand ings, because thoy belong to the church which they say is incapable of error, though they cannot tell where that irn- -aminity resides. The curiosity of the thing however is, that they can really change their position while they avow aao change, and shift objections while neeming to maintain them. At a meet ing of the " Sacred Heart Association," last Monday evening, Archbishop Pold- nro renewed his assaults on the Public School system ; while Vicar- General Siieeiiy turned off to the management, citing Mr. Gordon's correspondence in support of his complaints. It is some what difficult to understand why they should complain of the management of a. thing they once utterly renounced, and which the Archbishop has repeatedly condemned in absolute terms, and still continues to do so. It would seem that some of their people will have Denomi national Schools certified under the Act In spite of them. This opens he door for complaints of administrative injustice, while tne chief of the church still per sists in vituperating the system which Aces education from priestly control Me says — Tho great and fatal mistake of the age. was 41u8t— that sound indispensable instruction in Abe truths of religion was not now thought to be necessarily a part of education. That was the .vcot error they had to contend against. But \- -those, who upheld such an opinion evidently did «ot know what education really was. Mere ' jeccular instruction, withouta continuous conci-r- «tnt instruction in all the vital truths and sacred fMwcepts of Christianity, was not education at toll, and to suppose that such religious teaching could ever be safely dispensed with was the fjpreatcst error of the day. And 'he adds — The educational principle they (the Catholics) #»ought to support, was as 'superior to that fa voured 'by the Council of Education as the . funds commanded by that' Co'_Jicil were superior to what tlio Catholics could raise by their un aided voluntary efforts. Alrondy an unhappy indifference to religion had manifested itself in Abu community, and this melancholy indiffer ence on so momentous a subject has. been fos- tcred by a publicly supported system in which Christian teaching was practically ignored. The PubliciSchcol system would augment that in- difference' to religion, and would prove to be ere long tlio greatest possible misfortune to the country at large. Already wo could see the germs of infidelity everywhere manifesting them selves ; and when thoy, became yet further de-. vcloped, they would most certainly produco noxious fruit throughout the whole colony. The notion tliat Christian teaching was not necessa rily a part of education was, ho deeply regretted, to say, . fostered by the daily Press of this country. This was their misfortuno and tho strength of those who opposed them, but they would not on that account be dismayed. In one respect the Archbishop is a very cautious speaker; he takes good caro that his modes of expression shall convey, on their face, certain great truths .which all truly Christian people assert; and by so doing, he quells sus picion, and disarms hostility .at the out set. Mr. Alexander Gordon is actually caught, lawyer as he is, with this plausi bility, and pleads the Romish Hierarchy's cause as if it were his own. But people whose eyes are better trained to pene tration, are aware that under this seem ingly candid religiousness lies concealed a deep and far-reaching craft, which will not bo satisfied without something far beyond what the words seem to im port. The Archbishop's words have another kind of vice in them ; they are' basely disingenuous under a professed zeal for truth and religion. . Thoy impute, by implication, to educationists in general, a feeling against a religious education. All true and earnest Protestants hold that education should be thoroughly religious. Dr. Podding insinuates the contrary, while ho boasts that his own people are undeniably sound on that subject. He seems to wish it to be understood, that Romanists are the only people who are resolute to get a religi ous education for their children. At any rate he admits nothing of the kind on the Protestant side. And with tbis false representation he raises a terrible cry about the infidelity of educational systems, and both deceives his own peo ple, and seeks to deceive all others, on this great subject. Indifference to religion, and even infi delity, enough there is in all conscience to inspire religious minds with terror — we fully admit it ; hut we do not admit, that the things which he is so fond of callingirreligiousareneeessarilyso; while we are still farther from admitting that the thing which he, uuder cover, means by religious education, and which ho claims so exclusively for his people, is in reality religious at all, or any thing better than a miserable superstition. When he speaks of a " continuous con current instruction in all the vital truths and sacred precepts of Christianity," wo have a right to ask of him whether this, in his view, includes the great evangelical doctrines of justification by faith alone, and regeneration, and sanctification, solely by the Holy Ghost through the instrumentality of the Word of God ; and also whether it absolutely shuts out all trust in Mary and other saints, with priestly confession and pardon. How plain it is, that otherwise than on such a footing as this, the pretence of religi ous instruction is a pure mockery he- fore God. Every body knows tliat by religious instruction' the Archbishop means nothing of the sort, and that' it also means the direct reverse of it. It is as sqre as sure can he, that if his " re ligious instruction " be right, that of other religionists must he wofully wrong ; and yet he would deceive them by general phrases, leading them to believe that he and they moan the same thing, in order to enlist them on his sido in his battle with the Public School system. We call this downright, thoroughly, disingenuous. It is utterly unworthy of a Christian, of- a gentle man, of a man of common candour. When will such..chicanery cease ? Let all the world know, clearly, dis tinctly, determinately, that Romanism and : the Gospel are as opposed as light and darkness; that they cannot both, be recognised t under the same name of " vital Christianity ;" that they have hut few; common truths; and those placed in such different lights that they almost cease to, be the same, while the body of principles.m the one are utterly destruc tive of the. body- of principles in the other. Hence also let all the colony know, that. Archbishop Polling's "instruction in all the vital truths and sacred precepts of Christianity " means what is, diametrically opposed to Bishop Barker's, or Dr. Steel's, or . Mr. McIntybe's, or Mr. Keltnack's version of the same phraseology. Dr. Folding believes that the Redenip- tion of Christ is an insufficient provision for the pardon; justification, and Sanctis .. . fication of man; without pains, of purgatory, and priestly absolution, and these dependent oh human merit. The Gospel denounces all this as damnable. Dr; Podding believes the mediation of Christ to be insufficient, and holds the intercession of Mary and all other saints. Such doctrine the . Gospel declares to be damnable, and raises a system built on the Redeemer alone. Dr. Podding believes that Mary the mother of Jesus was horn without sin. that she lived and died a virgin, never fulfilling wifely duties. The Gospel set3 her forth as a woman like all others, subject to the same laws, conditions, duties and infirmities, represents her in a purely motherly, wifely, and domestic light. Mariolatry is Dr. Folding's creed ; but it is an abomination to the Gospel. Dr. Podding believes in a perpetual sacrifice of the body of Christ, called the mass. The Gospel tells us that Christ, by his one offering of Himself, perfects for over them that are sanctified. In a word, every peculiar, prominent, all-ruling doctrine of the Gospel lias its direct, not only denial, but counterpart of opposition in Dr. Podding's system. Yet this system he ventures to call the Christian religion ; and certain Protestants, beguiled by the name, allow him to do so without impeaching, or even questioning his fraud. The Romish system has all the chief qualities ' ana features of Paganism. Everything prominent in it is demonstra bly Pagan in present character and in origin. A real believer of the Riblc will not venture to dispute this ; or rather, will feel no inclination to do so. He who loves his Bible as a pure and heavenly teacher cannot possibly love Romanism, or fail to abhor it as an anti-Christian emanation from the Bottomless Pit. For Protestants this is enough ; but whichever side is right, both cannot be, and therefore they are not both the Christian religion ; and nobody knows this better than Arch bishop Podding. We have no patience with the pro fessing Protestant who can speak of Romanism as a form of Christianity. There cannot be a greater proof of most inexcusable ignorance. It is a denial of Christianity in all the essential cha racters of that divine system. Podding knows that the Christianity of the New Testament and his system fight against each other, and therefore obstructs the reading of the New Testament, and sub stitutes other hooks, full of frivolous superstitions and falsehoods. Yet when it serves his purpose for money reasons, he speaks of the Christian religion as a common possession between Protestants and Romanists, and complains of the Public School system as shutting out tho Bible, which he meanwhile shuts out too on. principle. What can be worse, what more marked by duplicity, than this shifting of ground to vituper ate the education which is good at least as far as it goes ? There s not an atom of candour, or sincere love of truth, in it. We want all the world to see the irreconeileable difference between Ro manism and tho Christianity of the New Testament. Let the palm he given to that which beats in tne strife, but let not the strife ho , shirked. Meanwhile Christianity will not brook to he treated with levity — it comes as an imperative revelation from God. It is a thing of the last importance fpr everb.ocly to know. Of Romanism such a necessity can never be predicated. Archbishop Podding means by reli gious instruction in the schools to incul cate all the false doctrines and practices of his system. This ho wishes men to believe is the safeguard against infi delity, which lie thinks a clear , and honest education is not. He who would yield to the prelate's representations, and call for money grants ; fpr denom- inatioualisin, would aid to diffuse these abominable doctrines throughout the schools! Would this he to give reli gious, instruction ? Would it not be to .destroy religion at its very root And for. th'is very thing Mr.; Alexander Gordon in, reality pleads. A way. with such false views of religion as, these ! 