FATHER DILK E&\- ' LETTERS FROM ROME' ON THE VATICAN COUNCIL. - ?:? -'?.-.'. , ? — ♦ — - — r- :.-??.??? ? .? ? (From the Catholic- Opinion. ) . - - ? ' Rome, December 23; : ' There is realty no news of interest put . what is contained in the Document of which - I enclose a, translation. .The Council is;en gaged on the techpical wotk of self -organiza- tion.': y ? .... ?????? ? ' ' '' NEWS FROM. ROME. !.' . .,:.. : ' The Fathers of the Council assemble :f or their '.usual sitting's, at Hine o'clock; in the Hall of the Council, after the Mass of the Holy Ghojst, and proceed to business;. Oh. the 14th bfi December they raade'.the'election of thd twenty-fcwir members forming the oommjssiop ' deind'e,',' of dogma.; ' The Cardinal-Presidents were at their post ;at the foot of the throne. Eight- scru tators, received the voting papers hidden in baskets covered with silk stuff,- and having ?carried, them to the desk of the; secretary, of the Council, it was resolved that the examir nation of the votes should be committed to the Presidents, to the oldest of the Patri archs, the oldest of the Primates, the oldest; of the Archbishops, and the oldest of, the Bishops, assisted by'the Protonotari.es, who, after having locked the box in which the schedoe were enclosed, placed their seal upon it. ' In the, congregation of the same morn ing, a Ball of the Pope making important modifications in ecclesiastical law relating to reserved cases and censures, was dis tributed to the Fathers of the Council. ' Much agitation prevails in English and ?continental lay circles concerning the Coun cil ; within the doors of the Council Hall reigns the calm of the Holy Ghost, as we learn from the Bishops, who do not think themselves forbidden by their oath to laugh at the stupid inventions of the non-Catholic press. In fact, the ' Times' articles cause shouts of laughter in Episcopal circles, and are often read as a recreation after dinner. Public opinion here is not moved by the reports of journals. It knows too well what they are worth. Of course, when the doors close the public remain full of curosity. The truth is that nothing of importance has as yet taken place in the Council. 'The Fathers have received the rule of life during the Council, and have elected the judges and one commission. 'Three more congregations have since been held for the election of the three other ?commissions, and soon now the work of the ?Council will begin. ' In the meantime, the Fathers assemble in mixed groups, and not nationally, the Sovereign Pontiff having suggested that the Bishops shall mix together and make each other's acquaintance as much as possible. 'The following are the names of the members of the commission, 'de fide,' to whom is committed the examination of questions of dogma : — 'The Archbishop of Saragossa, Spain; Cashel, Ireland ; Cambray, Frace ; Strigonia the country of S. Jerome, Hungary; Utrecht, Holland ; Guesen and Posen, Prus sia ; Modena ; Malines, Belgium ; Baltimore United States ; Santiago, Chili ; West minster, England ; Edessa, Ancient Antioch ; Bostra, Palestine ; S. Francisco, California ; the Patriarch of Cilicia, Asia Minor ; the Bishop of Poitiers, France ; Gal way, Ireland ; S. Pietro de Rio Grande. Brazil ; Ratisbonne ; Bavaria ; Jaen, Spain i Sion, Switzerland : Bressia ; Trevisa, Lombardy ; Paderbornj Prussia. ' On Sunday week, notwithstanding his many labours and his having assisted at the Mass celebrated at St. Peter's by Cardinal Mathieu, where we had the happiness oi seeing him looking radiant and vigorous, fo] two hours the Holy Father gave audience tc a body of French Priests who desired to re turn to their parishes for the Christina: ?feasts. ' When the Sovereign Pontiff was an nounced ardent and proloned vivats burs; forth. Silence having been obtained thi Pope gave an- address, from which we extrac a few points. ???' You have to fight against the enemies o the Church of Jesus Christ and of religion and to fight well, what must you do I M; very dear sons, my children,' he continuei \- -in a voice which, as one who was presen said to me, ' brought tears to ouf eyes,'— yo remember thfe. words of the Gospel ; 'Eg ybx jclamantia in deserto.' Voices then you are and yo^. must not forget it.. You must speak,. but you ihust speak as onihepart of' our Lord; and a? sent by Him. Y6u cry in the , desert— the desert of the world,' and your cry 3nusf serve- to- -direct -its troubled .course; -Be strong then in works, and Words, 'Opere et sermone ; opere,' example ' ser mone' instruction.' ' And example my dear sons is the firat thing necessary. It is a converter of souls. You know how S! Francis of Assisi went out with one of his brothers as he said, to preach. Aftey' a ; time the brother ;sb.id, Jwhat' afc-out , your sermon.' It has been, made, said the Saint, we have set a. good example. ; , 'But you must also teach sound doctrine. Beware of great talkers, and of those who complain of everything, of men, of the go vernment, &c.r; This is not the way ? the right wav is to begin with ourselves;. We often think of others and take no heed to ourselves. - -- -.. .. ? .„ ' And now I bless you for your journey ' home, for I know that the Christmas Feast recalls you, and you must go and do good. I bless you for your lives and for the hour of death. And when the moment comes for us to enter on eternity, when we are told that there is no hope and that we must die, may we be able to say with S. Louis Gon zaga : 'I rejoiced when it was said unto me, let me go into the House of the Lord.' Here tears came into the Holy Father's eyes. He continued. ' I bless you ' Benedicat,' &c.;' ' All the assembly knelt dissolved in tears. ' After the reception of the Priests, the Holy Father received several Missionary Bishops. There were about twenty present, chiefly French, and belonging to different congregations. They were from India, Japan, China, America, and Polynesia, His Holiness said a few words to each and en quired of Mgr. Petitjean, Bishop of Japan, after those who are even now suffering cap tivity and tortures for the Faith. He also showed great interest in the Bishop of Moulierey, in California. One of these Pre lates implored a special Benediction for his aged mother, a humble peasant of Brittany, which was heartily given, Mgr. Faurie, Vicar- Apostolic of Keou-tcheou, then begged in the name of all, a blessing for their families, natural and religious, and the Holy Father then pronounced in Latin a long and eloquent Benediction on the consecrated heads bowed before him, after which rising, and again prostrating themselves, they kissed the foot of the Vicar of Christ. ' The Holy Father has addressed a Brief to the Abbes Lemann, brothers, approving most cordially their work, entitled ' La Question du Messie and le Concile du Vati can.' At an audience to which these learned and. pious converts from Judaism were ad mitted, His Holiness said that their idea cor ? responded entirely with his own ardent desire for the destruction of the wall of sepa ration between the Jewish and Christian people. He assured them of his deep in . terest, and promised much prayer for their nation. ' The Patriarch of Jerusalem writes thus to ! the Abbe's Ldmann : — 'In spite of the little leisure left me on the eve of the Council, I ; have read your work with deep interest. You ; have shown truthfully the different phases s through which your unhappy nation has ; passed, in respect to the great event for which ; it was chosen and preserved by God- Dis ; quietude, the deception of false Messiahs, , feverish calculations of the seventy weeks ; then came despair and the Rabbinical Tal 3 mudism which endeavoured to stifle the ) question of the Messiah by epcumbring the I mind with minute observations wh^Ti are F not of Mosaic command. This Rabbinical r Talmudism still rules in the East, and holds ) in bonds the intellect of those unhappy re \- mains of your nation who are dispersed here 3 .and there from Jerusalem to China. In the West it is not so. For half a century ra \- tionalism and indifference have invaded t the synagogue, and the descendants of the e Father of the faithful have become faithless, t ; ' You have reason for the conclusion that this last, phase, as it is the most terrible, i must be the last; and that having fallen ; into indifference together with so many y jOhristian nations, the old Israel will with d them arise. One of your inspired ancestors it has said that nations have been created bj u (God, capable of cure and renovation. Oc o the eve of the Vatican Council, it is well tc recollect this; May the God of mercy look tt pity on the East and on the West/ and- re- el member the poor . Jewish people. I never ai pass the site of the Temple unmoved, and tl every Friday I observe sad groups of un- at happy Jews on that spot, who continue the fc tears-which have flowed for one thousand ei eight hundred . years. May a ray from tr Calvary illuminate their ' eyes heavy with E weeping. - ? voi ' I again /thank you, dear sirs,' A ?' Yours, affectionately in Jesus Christ, yi '+ J., Patriarch of Jerusalemw1 S SERMON Oi1 THE ARCHBISHOP OF ICOtflUM. ' It ' Discourse -pronounced on the day of the a] opening of the Council, before the Sovereign d Pontiff, and the assembled Fathers, by d Monsignor Louis Puecher, (in Religion, I Padre Luigi di Trento,) Archbishop of \ y Iconium ' in partibus,' and Vicar of the n Basilica of the Vatican :— v 'Most Holy Father,— I inaugurate this * assembly of the universal Church, by the s words of David, 'They that set forth on p their way weeping while they cast their seed ] a — shall come again with joy bearing their jp sheaves with them.' These words seem, in , I deed, to shadow forth to us the lamentable a condition of the present, and the joyful hope c of the future. v 'You know, Venerable Fathers, that the c words I have just spoken have been sped- c ally applied to the Apostles and then divine c mission, by the Church herself. t 'Yes ; it was indeed of the Apostles that the royal Prophet sang. And behold, a Venerable Fathers, the wonderful effeot of r thesie Apostolic tears! They were like the \ evening dew in the time of drought, falling i drop by drop upon the thirsty soil, t causing the herb to spring, so that instead of t briars and thorns, the hand of- the reaper t finds abundant harvest of ripening grain c ready to be bound into sheaves, and carried 1 into the garners of the Lord. '. ' Such was the success which, you know, was obtained by the niany labours of the Apostles : and in depicting their condition, Venerable Fathers, I have depicted yours as it exists at this day. I see you flocking joy fully from the most distant countries to this august assembly, but at the same time I see that your brows are full of care, your heads bowed with solicitude, your hearts filled with grief, on account, of the fearful loss of souls already caused by the great enemy of the human race, and of the still greater ill he prepares for the future. I see that you have come into this mystical Ceuacle in order that uniting together your strength and your resolutions, you may carry away more abundant seed of truth and justice. And the grave importance _ of the affairs which are to be treated of in this Synod, shows that your expectations will not be in vain. ' And let not any design to guess about your wise deliberations be attributed to nie, if pursuing the lines so broadly and lumin ously traced by our august Pontiff, I venture to affirm that every facility i3, afforded you for gathering the richest abundance of this celestial seed, from this Synod. It will, in fact, be occupied in seeking the best means for bringing back the Christian people, who are drinking at the poisonous and corrupt springs of error, to slake their thirst at the clear and inexhaustible fountains of the Saviour ; how the action of the Church can be rendered more beneficial, either by giving her new forms, or by strengthening her witn arms, so. that in accordance with the end for which she was instituted, she may enter upon paths as yet unattempted, and so by degrees open Dew channels by which the virtue and grace of the Paraclete may more surely and efficaciously be shed into each of the members of the Mystical Body of Christ. Then shall we see how the living strength of the faithful can so unite as to be able to resist the furious efforts of atheism, hypo ? crisy, and impiety, to render them vain, and even to break and annihilate them ; how, in a word, the minds and the lives of Chris tians, may be so vivified that they may shine with the same divine light, with which, i they illuminated the world, when first our , religion, the sublime and beloved daughter of God, purified . by the Sacrament of the ?? Body and Blood of the Saviour, descended i from Calvary to take possession of the earth, i which had been given her as a heritage. r . j ' Such is. the idea we ought to form of this i great assembly. In no other way should it -? ibe spokes of j for who cau fully understand ? .??-?'? '? ? . ' , '; m. ? 'I ' .I'ViwwwiwWUB. ie nature and the greatness of the pastoi^l larity which must flow from it -asiftQjfc lother Cenacle 1 There can be no 4oubtk tat when this great work shall have end^ id you leave: Rome that other Jerusalem^ -r your several dioceses, you will return iriched with, an immense treasure ©f doQ* ine and: of. virtue. . The kingdoms of; urope, the extremities of Asia and the iate& ? Oceanica, the countries of Africa .an.^ merica, will receive you back, and will fia4 du inflamed with the fire of the HoJl^ pint, and like active labourers clearing tSfe itherto uncultivated land, sowing the fields nd pruning the vines, that they may p?Q* uce new fruit, . and give it in greater abtin^ ance. . , , . - . . ' But then, Venerable Brethren, will begin our labours ; then will come days of bitted ess, sorrows without number, and iti* rords of David will be fulfilled in yott. ^ They shall go forth sweeping, casting thei? eed/ Then it is that you will find wj*a4 lowerful adversaries you have to fi^tt gainst. On one side the so-called philas/j* ihers and politicians ; on the other, prine£3t% ings, and the people themselves, will fprtft. , plot in order to render abortive the design* if your piety and the benefits of your 3Q&|t vhilst the ungodly will unite, and by ar* ?pen profession of atheism, or under thft loak of a revolting hypocrisy, endeavour to? lestroy, if it were possible, the very foun4a- ions of Catholic faith. 'Over these, stormy waves, I repeat i^ imougst these dangerous shoals you have. io- nake your way. You have to face tempest® vhich are not far off, keeping yourselves irmly fixed as on an immovable rock. It. is io this that you must guide your vessel^ tft ;his that you must direct your oars, to this ;hat you must apply your whole mind, ini * )rder that you maybe able to give up, intact^ ;o the Divine Master, the vessel witn whioih; He has entrusted you. 'And, indeed, Venerable Fathers, w§ cannot know what is the Mission of Christy to what end the sublime charge of the epis* copate is directed, or we must be ignorant of the fearful ills by which the human racej is overwhelmed, if we do not see at a glancj% to what dangers and contradictions he is ex- posed who has this charge imposed on hir&£ or can doubt what the issue must be if.w$ are not prepared to say with the Doctor/, of the Gentiles : 'I give my flesh to fill u^ those things that are wanting of the suffejs ings of Christ, for His Body, which is th& *'*'' Church.' 'But O illustrious Fathers! dilate and, strengthen your souls ; for if the Myatfe Seed of evangelical doctrine cannot oeax fruit, unless watered daily by the tears ancfc blood of apostolic men ; shall we not hav.$ an abundance of pious and hply consolation, from heaven % Is it not written : ' Blessed; are they that mourn for they shall be com,-, forted.' Do not forget that if it is said o£ the disciples of Jesus Christ and of othe$ heralds of the Gospel : ' They went fort& weeping as they cast their seed' ; it is also., said that ' they shall come again with joy,, bearing their' sheaves with them.' Let u% not forget that as that other prophetic word, has had its lull effect from the time of th& beginning of the Church, so that the Apostle, could write : ' For as the sufferings of (Jhris^ abound in us, so also by Christ doth om- comfort abound,' the same comfort will also, be yours, provided that, animated by the., same predecessors, you intrepidly follow in,;, their track, knowing that, as you are partakers of the sufferings, so shall you hi. also of the consolations. ' And do we not find a certain pledge o£ the great recompense of cur labours which,, we shall receive in this life, and of that^ which God is preparing for us in heaven, ini the wonderful facility with which this Cou?\x. cil of the Fathers' of all Christendom has as.% sembled 1 Who does not perceive that by this act, so happily begun in spite of difii- culties of every kind, God gives us a certain presage of what we have a right to expects in the future, if we oppose no obstacle t.Uj those full streams of truth and justice whictj will soon pour forth from the Vatican Rocki. And here, let me bo permitted to remind], you. of the sorrows of- bath. Father &ttdt; children, : 'Retired. for refuse to the shadow of'tfte& Vatican, we were Cvmtenaplating in anxagc^ ment, the vast ruin which Satan was tani^ dly heaping up around us ; ve were loo|fin» with alarm at the deluge of impfety^iacafcflg* ? ? ': - ? „ . ^dsag every dayi;\ becoming more and more ?^Eiffbalentand threatening even this asylum of r^peace ; trembling, groaning, and pale with ? salann, we were ready to repeat while seated ? M©a the ruined foundations of the temple, and ?*assq-ecting our last hour, the lamentations of s jtdm who wept for his brethren, * How is the ♦City which was once filled with people be *-j3ome a desert : the Queen of the nations is I&ecome; as a widow ; behold her paying tn '?'Sbute who waa once the head of the provin 'Suddenly a ray of light pierced the thick darkness and revived the nope which was ^almost -destroyed. A thought nad arisen in ^e mind of the Supreme Head, who directs ^he helm of the ship. ' He would convoke ?tthe ancieuta of faith, in order that with '«ananlmous consent, they might provide for 'sfche defence of the Holy Tabernacle of God, -against the foes that were crowding around ^?'UBie sanctuary. ? „ ... 'This idea was at first like a morning «s!oTid, which appears, and in an instant is agone -, like the lightning which passes across ? tike sky. But the Paraclete, the Spirit ^which proceedeth from the Father and the SSon, and who ever giveth His protection to ?**9ur august head, gave life to the thought ?with the brightness of His light, and. like ? TtJflie grain of mustard seed, * which,' accord viang to the Evangelist is * at first the smallest \--«af seeds, but increases, rising above all the ^plants, and becomes a tree in which the €irds of the air take their rest ;' this thought M. say, by a sovereignly efficacious virtue, ^suddenly sprung up, grew, and in an instant ^-%ecame a giant. ' . * And now, by a miracle— by an instinct ? .of our Christian faith, behold us, from all the regions of the earth, assembled in this vast -Basilica. Behold us, at the tomb of the IPrince of the Apostles, whence breathes iiarth for ever the breath of the episcopal ^rtaes ; behold us at the tomb of Leo, of \- ;$he two Gregory's, and of Chrysostom, who, ? w-e may say, as if still living, pours out upon '-ibis a fresh stream of eloquence to water the ifleld of the Church. But what ought still v«more to comfort and move our hearts is, -^fchafc we are even now near to the person of ? SiPeter, who yet living in his legitimate suc ?tcessor, seems to cry out with his ancient /Mth and his old impetuous love. 'Thou aart the Christ, the Son of the living God,' ??JwMIst we believe we hear the sublime reply ?-of the Redeemer, now sitting in heaven at : tthe right-hand of the Father : ' And I say to ; itikee that thou art Peter, and upon this rock . 1 will build my Church, and the gates of ? Ml shall not prevail against her.' ] { I desire to recall all these things to our ?memories, Venerable Fathers, that our confi ?cSence may gain strength and ardour from : tfcheir consideration ; that our minds may be : ? snore and more enflamed, and we may joy- : ?.Mully apply ourselves to the completion of -sthis work— this holy Synod, towards which .are turned the eyes of the nations, and the i&opes; of all the earth. Perhaps this Council -will be the cause of great affliction to. you, -sand of terrible anguish endured for justice ? isak«, but, on the other side, it will be the source of great consolation, and will prepare goyful triumphs to meet you on the rosid. ?'* We must begin the work in sorrow and -Sa tears; but then the time will come,— the ?SSon of God Himself bears witness to_ this— -?swlien our sorrow shall be turned into joy, for ? :;!t is written-: 'Amen, I say unto you, you \- -rsliall weep and lament; but the world shall xrej-oice, -and you shall be made sorrowful, f3iut your sorrow shall be turned into joy.' * We- shall not be disappointed in this ex pectation, if we apply our minds closely to -?*ke object of this Council, which is, care for ? '41-16 Divine glory and the eternal salvation -*ti souls ; if we endeavour to cause this ?^Council to shine as the most precious jewel ?which adorns the front of the venerable and .magnanimous Pius IX ; and ia short, if the records of the Church shall carYy down to -posterity, in letters of gold, a testimony, fthat peace of spirit, concord of ideas, moder ?radon in our undertaking, dignity of discus sion, equity of judgment and wisdom in all ? -G-ur deliberations, have inspired the hearts .and minds of the Venerable Fathers ; so Jitliat on the day when these doors, now ?^closed upon us, shall open, that the whole EWorld may hear the words, ' Visum est ? ?Spiritui Santo et nobis,' Ife seemeth good to vibe Holy Ghost and to us,' the earth itself ss&ay; feel that its renewal has begun accord lug to the word : ' Thou shalt send forth 'Thy Spirit and they shall be created, and Thou snalt renew the face of the earth.' May we obtain this grace through the ^intercession of the Blessed and glorious .Mary ever Virgin, whose Immaculate Con ception in the world is celebrated to-day, ?tfrom Jesus Christ, our Saviour and Re \- jdeemer, the eternal Son of God who liveth .-aiid reigneth with the Father, and the Holy .'Spirit for ever and ever.—' Amen.' THE ARCHBISHOP OF WESTMINSTER AND THE BISHOP OF ORLEANS. ' Letter of the Archbishop of 'Westminster gfco the Bishop of Orleans' reply. *My Lord,— Permit me to ask of youi ?Xorfohip an act of simple justice. In youi ?pastoral letter your Lordship gave as a quo Nation from the postscript of my; pastoral -between inverted commas and m capita JLetters, the following words, repeated tlira1 lor four times: ' s^par^meat et independa ment de I'^piscopat. ' The word ' independamment occurs ex actly as quoted in my text. \ * The word ' se'pare'ment is no where to be found. . . ' Your sentence does not exist in the post script ; such a proposition was never.penned by me. : '- :, ' My thesis ia entirely altered by your com ment. , 1 The question was exclusively, as to the Pontifical act of Judging 'ex cathedra,' in the sense contradictory to the thesis of Mgr. Maret, and not in .general,, of the perpetual and indissoluble union of the head of the Church with the episcopal body. ' Mgr. Maret? maintains that the Pontiff speaking 'ex cathedra' is not infallible, un less with the concurrence or consultation of the episcopate. 'Your Lordships words 'ea dehora and separe'ment' give the idea of division or op position, and entirely alter the evident sense of my thesis. * I send a copy of my Pastoral with these lines. ' And I beg you my Lord to withdraw the words * separement and independamment de l'episcopat' as a quotation, or as mine, and to give this act of justice equal publicity with that which the error has obtained. * Accept my Lord the assurance of the sentiments of respect of your servant and brother. -f- Hbnry Edward, Archbishop of Westminster. * The Bishop of Orleans' reply to the Arch bishop of Westminister is as follows : — ' My Lord,— I willingly acknowledge, and I hasten to publish, as you ask in your letter, that to attribute to you any idea of the op position between the Holy See and the Bishops, any idea of division between the Episcopate, is impossible. You teach no such doctrine ; to attribute it to you would be calumny. ' Upon this point I make the declaration which you desire as completely as it is pos sible. ' But If owe it to myself, I owe it to my character,' I owe it to my honor, to give your Grace some explanation. ' I first knew your postcript only through ' l'Univers,' to which you had sent it, and which hastened to announce to its readers of the 28th October, the honor which you had done it by this communication. ' Now my Lord it is not I who have trans lated your text into the words for which you reproach me, 'en dehors' and se'pare'ment,' but 'l'Univers.' ' And yet ' Univers,' instead of repairing its error, imputes to me a translation which is its own, and ventures to reproach me with it. ' And to satisfy its readers, it quotes a, long passage from its own translation, in which indeed the word se'pare'ment does not occur ; but it takes care not to say that the word may be found twice in previous pas sages of this translation. I leave your Grace to judge this kind of cleverness ; for my part I find it an additional proof of the good faith of this journal. ' Now, my Lord, since you have led me to these questions, permit me in conclusion to make two simple and short observations re lative to two assertions in your Pastoral let ter. ' In one you say : { In the Church of God and in the truth of revelation, it is ' always opportune' to declare what God has willed to make known t:- man. ' Much more than op portune.' So that the opportuneness or otherwise of a declaration need never be ta ken into account. 'But were this the case, my^ Lord, we should be obliged to own that in regard to the question which we are now considering, the Church has been eighteen centuries without doing what according to you, it was always opportune and much more than op portune that she should do. ' It appears to me, on the contrary, that the Church in her Councils had only to de fend what the necessities of the times and of souls required. ' When the famous question of residen.ce was agitated at the Council of Trent, this question was in the first instant divided into two, which were put thus :— * 1. Is there evidence of divine right 1 ' 2. If the theologians who are consulted unanimously declare for divine right, and the judgment of the Fathers confirms this opinion, will it be expedient that it shall be defined by the Council and made an article of faith 1 It 'was, therefore, acknowledged that it might be inopportune to define a truth, although certain and revealed. ' In yielding to the inspirations which are so worthy of her, the Church imitates the example of her Divine Master, Who said to His japostles : ' I have yet many things to say to you, but you cannot bear them now.' 'I confess, my Lord, in all simplicity, that the second of the assertions of which I speak, wounds the just susceptibilities of my i*e3pect for a Church upon which the Popes have often bestowed eulogiums, and which yields to us none in devotion to the Holy See. ' You say my Lord : ' It is therefore cer tain that..* Gallicanism' is more dangerous to Catholics than * Anglicanism.' 1 Without defending all that is custemary to call by the name of Gallicanism, which is about aa vague and undefined a word as Ultramontanism, usually opposed to it, I cannot possibly accept so unjust and in jurious a parallel ; Bossuet cannot be brought into proximity with Cranmer, nor whatever may be said of Louis XIV., can he be compared with Henry VIII. . ' The Council is now opened. The whole episcopate has assembled around Pius IX. Forgetting every irritating question, let us think only ljQj!?.jRre..may contribute each ac cording to his power, to the great 'work of pacification and of light, which the Holy Father has begun for the salvation of souls. ?-??-'??? ? '-?-?? ? Accept &c;, ???? ? - ? ?? -f- Felix, Bishop of Orleans. ' With# eyery kind wish for your health and happiness during the coming new year, I remain yours, &c;, . D' Adv.— Holleway'a Pills. — Surpassing Excel lence. — This medicine ia composed of the finest balsams obtained from the vegetable kingdom. Unlike mineral or mercurial preparations, Hoi loway's Pills are perfectly innocent, and may be safely taken by children and the most delicate females. The nerves and all who hare lost hope and energy through long continued affliction should have their attention drawn to the many cures of such cases which have been gradually accomplished by these Pills, - and gratefully ac knowledged by the most flattering testimonials. They secure a long, a healthy, and a happy life. In all derangements of the digestion arising from the stomach, liver or bowels, the curative power of these purifying Pills is especially observable : they stimulate sluggish and regulate disordered functions. 