English Mail. BIBLE REVISION. The most important event that the mail of this month reports is the second reading of the Elementary Education Bill, but the discussion which offers most points of interest to ourselves is that which has arisen in reference to a new translation of the Scriptures. This affects Christians of all denominations, and in every latitude where the English language is spoken. Every one has, therefore, something to say upon the subject, but the most remarkable feature of the con troversy has been the cumulative evidence that our translation is one of marvellous excellence, and that any attempt to give an improved version would be undesirable. The first thought that occurs to any student of the Bible in the original tongues is, that in the authorised version imperfect renderings abound. Further reflection suggests that these faults involve no doctrinal error, whilst the real difficulty would be not so much to agree upon a more exact construing of any Greek or Hebrew phrase as to determine from the several MSS. what text to adopt. The Earl of Shaftesbury was the first to sound the note of opposition, and being president of the Bible Society his opinion carried great weight. Subsequently he wrote at greater length a letter, which appeared in the Times, addressed to a learned professor, from which we extract the following paragraphs : — ' It would be difficult, if not impossible, to construct an impartial Commission. The times of James I. are very different from the times of Queen Victoria. The immense variety of opinion on doctrinal matters, and the immense diffusion of knowledge, both deep and superficial, in these days, would render necessary such a combination of members as would include the extremest forms of Ritualism, Socinianism, and Infidelity. Numerically, and as scholars, these professors would be very strong, and experience will not- allow us to believe that these learned persons, after years of thought and study in the same groove, fixed and sincere in their peculiar opinions, would not entertain (unknown to themselves, no doubt) a decided bias towards special renderings of the sacred text. The issue might thus be either that through disagreement we should have no new version at all, and so have disturbed the public mind for nothing, or that a translation would come forth in every respect inferior, made up of compromises and mutual concessions. ' Besides, let us suppose that the Commission are of one mind in their report, will the scholarship inside satisfy the scholarship out side ? To say nothing of the contradictory renderings of the same passages which will be urged by men of profound learning, the swarms of readers and writers now-a-days who live on small criticism and cavil will show their wit by taking exception to everything, and in efforts to prevent any public confidence. ' If this be so, can we hope to see again an ' Authorised Version ?' I doubt it. The present version had no authority from Parliament or Orders in Council, nor even from Convocation. It derived, and it still holds, all its authority from admiration, affection, and universal acceptance. A new translation will enjoy little of this general favour, and certainly there would be but small obedience to any royal, legislative, or episcopal decree. 'One of the newspapers, in condemning my opinion, charged me with sheer idolatry, as a bigoted worshipper of the mere words and syllables of our present version. The editor, of course, is at liberty to use his own phraseology, and the public to judge of it. I admit that I love, intensely too, its rich, melodious, and heart-moving language. It is like the music of Handel, and carries divine truth and comfort to the inmost soul. This language has sunk deep into the moral constitution of our people. No one who associates with them can doubt it. It is the staple of their domestic intercourse, the exponent of their joys and sorrows. And, I will maintain that a rude and sudden descent from the majestic and touching tones of our wonderful version to the thin, Frenchified, and squeaking sentences in modern use would be an irreparable shock to every English- speaking man who has drunk in the old and generous language almost with his mother's milk. ' But all this, and much more, I should be prepared to surrender were the proposed new version directed to the correction of im portant passages affecting our faith and doctrine. In that respect, I have no more fear, in reference to the Bible, in a new and honest translation than I have of the deductions of science honestly applied. The grand old book will laugh them all to scorn, and will float, like Noah's ark, under Almighty care, on the waves of a deluge that may overflow a reckless and unthinking world.' The Rev. James Wildyard, of Ingoldsby, shows that in a translation we look for elegance as well as accuracy : — ' No scholar can dispute the fact, that the Bible version, as it is called (or that under James's translators), is the more accurate of the two ; but as a mere matter of taste, is there one man in a thousand who would like to see it substituted for the Prayer-book version (or that of Cranmer) for daily use ? The expressions of the former are often fearfully bald, and painfully inelegant ; while the language of the latter is almost a perfect model of pure and chaste English poetry. Let any one take up the two versions and compare them for twenty verses together in any Psalm, and I am willing to abide by the verdict. ' This is just my fear with regard to the now projected revision of the Bible. I have seen and studied carefully several attempts ; and, without specifying, have never yet seen one that did not introduce greater evils than those it sought to remove. It is not every Greek and Hebrew scholar that can write elegant English.' The Rev. J. W. Moore, of Hordley, in a letter to the Times, cites a remarkable witness on this feature of the question, who, in a few sentences of singular beauty, describes the excellence of our English version : — 'That most illustrious convert from the Church of England, Dr. Newman, is said to have refused to undertake a revision of the version for the use of members of the Romish Church in this country, on the ground of the impossibility of producing anything that would stand a comparison with our Bible as it is. His words are these : — ' 'Who will not say that the uncommon beauty and marvellous English of the Protestant Bible is not one of the great strongholds of heresy in this country ? It lives on the ear like a music that can never be forgotten ; like the sound of church bells which the convert hardly knows how he can forego. Its felicities often seem to be almost things rather than mere words. It is part of the national mind, and the anchor of national seriouness. The memory of the dead passes into it. The potent traditions of childhood are stereotyped in its verses. The power of all the griefs and trials of man is hidden beneath its words. It is the representative of his best moments, and all that has been about him of soft, and gentle, and pure, and penitent, and good speaks to him for ever out of his English Bible. It .is his sacred thing, which doubt has never dimmed and controversy never soiled. In the length and breadth of the land there is not a Protestant with one spark of religiousness about him whose spiritual biography is not in his Saxon Bible.' ' In his speech before the Convocation at York, the Archbishop, after alluding to the labours of Tregilles (who, by the way, is a noncom formist), clearly pointed out the difficulty in determining the Greek texts:—' The question had, he believed, been put to a distinguished prelate in the other Convocation, what they intended to translate the New Testament from, and he replied 'We must first revise the Greek text.' But this is no easy matter. It is a task to which a ripe scholar gladly consecrates a quarter of a century, and is not then sure of his work. He said, therefore, upon these facts, without hesitation or rhetorical exaggeration, that the attempt to translate, at this par ticular time, the New Testament from new sources would be to select the very worst occasion for a work which was a most important one, and which required both caution and prudence. Let them first see the issue of current reforms before sending their beloved Bible into the crucible to be melted down and recast. There was no reason for it. The public was not pressing for it. It was not like the former revision, made at a time when only a few hundred copies existed. They now counted the authorised version by millions. The English Bible was everywhere where the English tongue was spoken, and that was round the girdle of the world. The statistics of the Bible Society showed that 57,000,000 copies of the English authorised translation, or of parts of it, had been circulated by that one society apart from all others. In the name, then, of those who deeply valued the translation which they had ; . in the name of all those who, sepa rated from them, were still found not to be quite estranged so long as they used the same Bible as themselves ; in the name of the thou sands upon thousands of the half- converted people scattered over the world who will not understand you when you snatch from them the Bible they have just acquired in order to give them a new one ; in the name of caution and prudence, which they were bound to exer cise ; in the name of those who, in a full sense of their position, desired to co- operate with the Convocation of Canterbury in every good work, but who could not join in this movement ; let them accept this amendment, waiting for a better season and riper knowledge.' There is little doubt that even the Convocation of the Southern Province will now retrace their steps and let the matter drop. The High Church party appear to be indifferent, if not hostile ; and of the two remaining sections of our Church, the evangelical will gladly echo the reasoning of Lord Shaftesbury. Mr. Moore adds: — 'Unless I am greatly mistaken, the party who are loudest in calling for this revision is of those who entertain very neological and idealistic opinions as to the inspiration of the original Scriptures themselves. Under the specious dogma, that the Bible only contains, and is not in all parts, the Word of God, a very convenient handle is afforded for contra dicting the inspiration of the whole by denying it in detail. As the 'verifying faculty,' which has been asserted to be the only criterion of inspiration, differs according to the idiosyncrasy of various indi vidual minds, unless there be some acknowledged standard to decide what part, according to rationalistic theories, is the Word of God and what is not, it is quite evident that it may be possible to eliminate entirely the Divine Word from the Scriptures in which it has hitherto been enshrined by the faith of the Universal Church.' Aechbishop Lyctjkgus.— We have not heard the last of this gor geous prelate and his archimandrites. The English Church Union revelled in the opportunity afforded by His Holiness, and continued to reiterate its professions of admiration for the representative of eastern orthodoxy. His Holiness was present at the evening service at St. Margaret's Ritualistic Church, Liverpool. He pronounced the benediction. But the principal occasion in which the E. C. U. testified the feelings to which we refer was at a meeting at the Freemasons' Tavern. The address (which urges chiefly the necessity of the reunion of Christendom) having been read and presented, the Archbishop delivered a reply in Greek. In the course of this reply we read : — . 'I have seen with joy in your renowned nation the prevalence of Divine zeal for the true faith, and the just aversion to all novel adulte rations of the Divine teaching of the Holy Scriptures .; and above all, the earnestness, well-pleasing to God, with which your society is unremittingly working for the accomplishment of that Divine word — ' That all may be one.' That earnestness of yours is assuredly blessed by Him who gave us the commandment ' to love one another,' and is recognised with joy by His Orthodox Church, which prays night and day for the union of all. And I now, on my return home, shall fulfil a most sacred duty in reporting to all the most reverend hier archs in those parts what I have seen and heard among you, and in addition to this, also your love and sympathy for the Orthodox East ern Church, which not only possesses the privilege of reading the heavenly doctrine of the New Testament in the language in which it was originally written, but has also been counted worthy of the Divine grace to preserve that very doctrine uncorrupted and unadul terated, and 'rightly to divide the word of truth.' But, in particular, I shall most gladly fulfil your request in reporting to His Holiness, the Œcumenical Patriarch, your respect and good will ; and in fine, I will leave nothing undone, beloved brothers in Christ, to bring to a happy accomplishment, so far as in me lies, the truly evangelical and God-approved design which your society is pursuing.' The pro ceedings were then terminated by the archiepiscopal benediction. An extract from the Levant Times incidentally discloses an eastern view of fraternisation with the Greek Archbishop : — ' We will not stay to show how ignorant of facts many seem to be who profess to instruct the English public upon faith and practice in the Eastern Church. We have no desire to bring the skeleton into the feast, or to rudely remind those who visit us from afar that the vision of re freshing waters sometimes proves a mirage of the desert ; but in the interest of union and charity we earnestly counsel all who are engaged in this question to remember that ' the wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable; that a clear understanding must -precede a firm alliance, and that the safe method of clearing the way is to see what stones of stumbling lie upon it. Good feeling has been happily promoted by an interchange of friendly offices, but unity of action springs only from identity of faith. A blind forwardness will surely end in a recoil?' Latitudinarian Fraternisation.— The Morning Advertiser has a curious article, headed ' Breakfast-table Unity,' a title which at first sight does not convey its real meaning/Here is the explan ation: — 'A fashion has lately sprung up, helped forward by Mr. Gladstone, by the Dean of Westminster, and several other persons of note, of bringing together, round a breakfast- table, or at an evening party, men of very different and often hostile views, in the vain hope that differences might disappear through the interchange of friendly sentiments over a cup of coffee. It is not long since an eminent dis senting minister, who has been himself a frequenter of Mr. Glad stone's breakfast-parties, invited a gathering of this kind at his own house. He collected there several Independent dissenters, several Ritualists, and several Roman Catholics; and the topic introduced for discussion was, ' The best way of conducting the public worship of a congregation.' But could a consultation with Ritualists tend to any satisfactory result ? One of their chief writers has asserted that their two main principles were — ' that the priests have power to make the body and blood of Christ, and that they have power to forgive sins.' Now, we beg to know how a Protestant dissenter — a successor of John Owen, and John Bunyan, and Richard Baxter — can possibly go on with any amicable discussion ' on the use of Liturgies' with men who hold such an utterly false religion as this ? When men of those opinions held sway in England, they burnt in our open market-places five aged bishops because they would not admit that in a piece of wafer there was contained both flesh and blood. And so long as these monstrous claims are adhered to, so long must we stand aloof from those who advance them. The plain fact is, that Popery is not Christianity, but anti- Christianity ; and until it is utterly changed, which it never will be, our motto must be that of good old Bishop Hall — ' No peace with Rome :' our position must be that taken up by John Bunyan, who shows us, as two great enemies of his Christian Pilgrim, on the one side 'Giant Pope,' on the other side 'Giant Pagan.' ' The Bishop of London and the Ritualists. — The Church Review hears that the Bishop of London intends making a raid upon all the Ritualistic clergy in his diocese, the monitions being now in preparation. The John Bull states that it will be in the recollection of its readers, that at the time of the consecration of St. Chad's, Hag gerston, last year, it protested against the conduct of those connected with the Church, in putting up a second altar in a side aisle of a small church, against the desire of the Bishop, the Archdeacon, and the Vicar of St. Mary, the mother church. The Bishop ordered its removal ; but the churchwardens replaced it. The Bishop has at last (tardily enough) asserted his authority, and his forbearance is thus spoken of by the Church Times : — ' The Bishop of London has just been guilty of an act of lawless tyranny, eminently characteristic of his class. When the new church of St. Chad's, Haggerston, was about to be con secrated, the churchwardens placed in one of the aisles the altar which had been used in the temporary chapel. The Bishop said that, as he was doubtful of its legality, he did not like to consecrate the church whilst the ornament remained. It was then removed^ro forma; but as no directions had been given not to replace it, when the Bishop could no longer be compromised, the churchwardens put it back again, purely as a matter of convenience, because it cost much less to light up a side chapel than a whole nave on a dark morning. The Bishop sent a monition to the churchwardens, ordering them to remove the second altar. They, after taking the advice of counsel, replied that they had no power to do so, unless by virtue of a faculty issued to them for that purpose through the Bishop's Court. Dr. Jackson, unable to coerce the laymen, turns round on the vicar, and informs him that proceedings on a criminal information would be set on foot against him in the Arches Court, not on the ground of airy illegality in the altar itself, bub because it was erected without a faculty.' A strong remonstrance was made to the Bishop by a deputation from South Kensington, headed by Lord Lawrance, a nobleman whose career in India has added lustre to the history of his country. The purport of the memorial was that His Lordship should withhold from those who were notoriously breaking the laws of the Church any par ticipation in the advantages of the London diocesan fund. The Bishop did not see how he could adopt such a recommendation, with out endangering his subscriptions, and felt rather impatient of such advice. , It was then that the eminent nobleman, whose impartial rule gained for him such confidence amongst the eastern princes and people of all creeds, very calmly but decidedly intimated his opinion as to the fatal tendency of such episcopal apathy. In taking leave of the Bishop he expressed the regret which he felt that there was so little encouragment for those who approached their bishop, asking for no favour either for low church or high church, or any party in the Church, but simply that the violation of the laAV should be discoun tenanced.' The Onward March of Ritualism.— The language of the Ritualist organs is (says the Bury Post London correspondent) becoming audacicms, Whomever besides the Church of England embraces, it clearly contains several clergy holding the doctrines of Eoman Catholicism. The Church Herald discusses ' the next steps to be taken in the great work of Catholicising the (practically) Pro testant communion of which we are members,' and proceeds to show that the Ritual movement is not a question of mere asstheticism. The real presence of our Blessed Lord in the eucharist, under the appearance of bread and wine, and the power of the priesthood to forgive sins — these are the two points for which we are contending.' ' The increasing use of the confessional is,' says the writer, ' an encou raging sign. At St. Alban's, Holborn, and All Saints', Margaret- street, and in other plao°.s, certain times are appointed. There,' says the Church Herald, 'at certain hours the sick may go and find the physician ; there the balm of Gilead is freely dispensed ; there the priests of God are in readiness to give pardon and absolution toall who in faith and penitence come and kneel before them.'^ One thing we are told is now necessary : the erection of the confessional box or boxes in our churches. The 'box' would remove all difficulties, 'would take away all mystery, and yet give quietness and ensure freedom from molestation ; while the fact that the priest is tobe found at certain hours in a certain place would remove many diffi culties which now stand in the way of priests and penitents in the discharging of their respective duties.' For the following we are indebted to the Globe :— ' Two young Protestant ladies from the north of England lately presented themselves in an afternoon at the door of a celebrated Ritualistic church in the east of London, and expressed a desire to make their confessions to the incumbent. He, poor man, had been hard at work all the morning, and, being too ex hausted to receive the outpourings of the burdened consciences of the penitents, sent word to say so. This message so wounded the vanity of the young votaries that, without further consideration, they drove straight to a Roman Catholic chapel, where they felt sure that they would receive that attention which had been so painfully wanting in the priest of their own communion. And they were quite right. The Eoman Catholic priest received them courteously, listened to them patiently, and, after a lengthened audience, appointed a future day for a further conference. On the day named, a well-known dignitary of the Romish Church met them, and brought forward such con vincing arguments to prove the truth of the doctrines of his faith, that the young ladies became Eoman Catholics ; their Protestant religious books were exchanged for rosaries, and they were publicly received.' 'Frequent Celebrations.'— No one objects to our initiating the session of our Church Assembly with the administration of the Lord's Supper. It may be doubted, however, whether it is equally desirable thus to initiate the proceedings of out ecclesiastical court, for the trial of offences, as is required by our Act. A certain school within our Church think that the Holy Sacrament cannot be administered too often, and it is difficult to object to their practice without appearing to undervalue the ordinance itself. This growing disposition appears to have suggested an able article in the last Christian Advocate on 'Frequent Celebrations and Frequent Communions,' from the pen of that veteran champion of our Protestant faith, the Kev. M. Hobart Seymour. He begins by remarking—' It has been said that, as in the days of Luther, the signuvi stantis vel cadentis ecclesics was the question of ' Justification by Faith,' so in these coming times the sig nuni stantis vel cadentis ecclesics will be the question of the true nature of the Lord's Supper. Times are changed, and the great ques tion of the times has changed with them. If ever there was a period in the history of the Church of England requiring soberness and solemnity, prayerfulncss and fidelity, tt is when the storm of a great revolution is gathering over her, and threatening to destroy her. A revolution is advancing with great rapidity among us, affecting the whole religious life of the Church of England. It is the idea that frequency of Communion, frequency of attendance at the Lords bup per, is a precious and weighty engine of grace for converting the com municant, and advancing the growth of the Christian life m the soul ; or, at least, that it is an evidence before the Church of _ an advance and progress in living the life of Christ. The root of this idea is the sacramental svstem, as taught by a certain school of thought among us : the idea that the sacrament of the Lord's Supper was specifically designed to implant and to promote the seed of eternal Me in the soulfand therefore that the frequent receiving is the promised means —a potent and effective instrument to that end. The subject needs to be handled in a becoming spirit, gently and tenderly, lovingly and reverently, but still faithfully; for the act of Communion has, in too many cases, almost as the opus operatum, taken the place oi Jesus Christ as the Saviour, and in others taken the ofhee of the Holy Ghosb as the Sanctifier.' Mr. Seymour then shows that the phrase, 'breaking of bread,' occurring several times in the Gospels and m Acts of the Apostles, does not refer to the celebration of the Lord s Supper. Speaking of the Epistles of the New Testament, he says—' There is not an element of revelation or an item of Christian duty on which they do not again and again give us large instructions ; but on this one subject of communion in the Lord's Supper there is the least possible information. There is solemn silence, except m one epistle, and then only to rebuke a practice that had been introduced into it. In 1 Cor x., St. Paul compares it with the Jewish sacrament of the Passover, and says nothing about frequent communion ; and m the eleventh chapter, reproves the irreverent practices of those who attend the ayavai, in a way that showed they did not understand the communion that followed them, but he gives no intimation what ever as to whether frequent communion was desirable All is silence, and that silence becomes vocal, and shows that the J±oly Spirit, who inspired all these epistles, did not regard the communion as ' the central act and concentration of all Christian worship, or as 'the daily sacrifice,' or 'the mysterious and awful and tremendous sacrifice,' that it has since become in the eyes of some of our modern professors of Christianity. The late Pan-Anglican Synod of our bishops could not issue their very concise epistle to the bishops of the Eastern Churches on the subject of unity without alluding to 'the Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ,' although the inspired apostles, in all their exhortations, even wnen treating of the divisions of the Church, and exhorting .to unity, never so much as allude to it. In the Holy Scriptures, inspired by the Holy Ghost, the work of the ministry, as exhibited iii the life of Christ Himself, and in the Acts of the Apostles, was the blessed work of preaching the Gospel. In the minds of some men in these days, it is the celebration of the commu nion. The distinction is wide as the poles, and their requirements are equally wide, for the effective preaching of the Gospel requires an earnest and a faithful ministry, while the mere celebration of the communion requires neither earnestness nor faithfulness. . Some silly and self -sufficient youth, fresh' from' his college or his school, fledged in chasuble or stole, can celebrate the communion as well as one clothed in the earnestness and devotion and eloquence of St. Peter or of St. Paul.' ?' ''' -??-?.:?;. ? ? ??' 7, y y '?? . ' ?'.. .. ? ? , y . / ,y .?'.. The Koman CouNCiL.--Correspondence from Eome, published in the French papers, state that the Pope is more and more devoted to the infallibility dogma, and is evidently disposed to' pay but little heed to the opposition which it has aroused; especially in Germany. It, is' even' said that in conversation with a cardinal who was speak ing, to him of that opposition, His Holiness replied that the German bishops might become schismatics if they liked, as the Church would thereby be ' purified.' The Debats remarks 'that purifications of this kind are not altogether without danger, and that they end by con verting a great church into a small chapel. 'The Roman Church,' it adds, 'was. purified once, and on a somewhat large scale, it may be said, in the time of Luther.' 'Can anything encouraging be found in ' this recollection ?' The Berlin correspondent of the Times ; notes the ??[ remarkable concurrence of German 'Catholic' opinion in condemna-; tibn -of the attempt to. set 'upthe dogma of ' Inf allibilityi' ; Cologne, , Bonn, and Breslau' ' have 'sent y congratulatory addresses to Dr.: Dpilinger '.; Mitrister and .:Tr6ves, with other towns in their: dioceses, have memorialised their ?respective bishops ; and Munich itself has conferred its franchise' upon' the' fearless advocate of Catholic freedom. The addresses and 'memorials proceeding from these cities, are signed, if not by a'large f number, ,at any rate by the most eminent of the, inhabitants'. In all these ' significant utterance's the sub-, scribefs more ox less directly declare that' for the Pope to push mattersjfco 'extremity, and make himself a demigod, will be running ; tlie:risk of provoking another schism. An important letter has been addressed by. GDiipanloup, Bishop of Orleans, 'to the Archbishop of Mecnlm,'mbst',sk^fullyrfram^^ to touch a chord in the public feeling of France.' The Bishop, though he cannot be called a'Gallican, is . a thorough Frenchman, and knows well how, to stir the minds of his ( countrymen both' by style and matter. ; There , is much that will ''. vibrate through : the nation in his; last utterance, as most assuredly there 'is such a tone of warning in it to those he is contending with as might well make them yet pause in carrying . out their designs. In tfie^fo^o^yihg passage, for instance, he says he. will 'tell the true state of things,' and he' does sd pretty plainly :— ' In the ninth century w_e had the misfortune to lose about1 one-half of the Church. . In the sixteenth century we lost at least a third of the remaining half. At the present moment the half, probably, of what is left to its. is' seriously attacked. What we have above all, therefore, to think of is how to win all this back again. The courageous bishops of America, Germany, and England are struggling to do this ; our heroic mission- ; aries are spending their life's blood in it. And you, you would multiply their difficulties, and furnish new weapons and new battle fields to the antagonists they meet everywhere on their road ! You would, as many American bishops said to me only yesterday, suddenly change the entire ground of religious controversy for the whole of the Catholic clergy who live amongst a Protestant population ! And even ? among Catholic nations— how many men in France, in Belgium; as you well know, Monseigneur— how many in Germany, Spain, 'Italy, everywhere, God knows— either believe not at all, or are among those 'weak in the faith,' on whom St. Paiil tells us to have com passion. You know,' he continues,1 ' that the Governments all have a tendency to separate, to isolate themselves from the Church. All, without an exception, have taken up an expectant and defensive attitude in face of the Council. Manifestly there also is great peril. Is it intended, I ask, to make the separation of Church .and State the order of the day, to urge .on the prompt abolition of concordats, or the creation of organic articles where they do not exist already ? You will say no; that my fears are exaggerated; and that the Church has the 'promise of immortality.' The Church may have such pro mise, but I know that nations have none such. I know that Spain' has it not, nor Portugal, nor Germany. I know that Brazil is sick, and so is Mexico ; that the old Spanish colonies i go on from revolution to revolution. And my mournful conviction, Monseigneur, is, that what you are preparing to do will give a new and fearful shock to. the Church throughout all these countries. To believe that by pro claiming the infallibility of the Pope you would drive back revolution is, to my rnind, to indulge in one of those illusions which, in human societies, parties in desperate circumstances raise up for themselves when on the very verge of a. final crisis. My conviction, on the contrary, Monseigneur, is that the ablest and deepest thinkers amongst revolutionists feel anything but apprehension at what you are about to do.' Death op the Count de Montalembert. — France has lost another of her great men. The Count de Montalembert, who had been seriously ill for some weeks, died at his house in Paris, in his 60th year. Coiint Charles Forbes de Tyron Montalembert was born on May 29, 1810, in London, where his father had settled during the French Eevolution. His mother, as may be understood from one of his names, was English. His connection with the AbbS Lamennais, in the earlier part of his career, gave a tone to the whole tenor of his life. Accepting the alliance of Catholicism and Democracy, of which Lamennais was the apostle, Montalembert became a Liberal in politics. He was one of the first contributors to the journal called The Avenir. The condemnation of M. Lamennais brought back Montalembert to the most severe orthodoxy, and he gave himself up to studies the influence of which is promiently perceptible in his writings. A man of aristocratic birth and liberal tendencies, an admirer of constitutional government, and especially of that of England, he occupied a peculiar position amongst his contemporaries. The head of a small party which he denominated Catholic emphati cally', -he was still a passionate advocate of liberty. At the present time, when the (Ecumenical Council is engaged in considering a question upon which he might be said to be an authoritative judge, the loss of the accomplished and independent statesman and author is calculated to excite general regret in the literary and political world.' 'God and Liberty I. The Pope and Liberty 1' Was _ there ever (says the Standard') such a, paradox, as that contained in the second clause of this enthusiastic war-cry ? Yet the cry was Mqnta ? lembert's, and he once believed. .in it from, the bottom of his soul. Did! he , cease to believe in '... it? did he perceive what irony there lay in it before he bade adieu to this world ? Probably.. Only a week has passed; since we commented on his protest against turning I the Pope into an idol* and it may fairly be presumed that he sawat last for what a false, god he had long been contending..;.. ...; The ?' solution of the problem was only yfcoo simple, , but it was the very . :' ! simplicity of itthat left him; more or less perplexed to, thelast. He insisted on being and remaining a Liberal Koman Catholic,; and in ? so doing he had selected disappointment and martyrdom. ..,.., . i The ''Smithjteld Martyrs' MrcMo-RTAT..-1-Thft y rarftmonial ;hf m» . : augurating this memorial, which the Protestant Alliance; has .erected ? to the memory of the Smithfield martyrs, took place under the presid ency of' the Earl of Shaftesbury. It occupies one of the arch recesses ?in the external wall at the north-east corner of St. Bartholomew's ; Hospital, and consists principally of red .y and grey polished granite, ! the more ornamental parts having;been executed - in bronze. ' The i general character of the design is; classic,! in harmony with the style -of the i building. The head of .the memorial is semicircular in form, ; with a large bronze shell in the centre, set off with mouldings that may be described as delicate, considering the difficulty of working ;and polishing small mouldings in granite. Between them is the text, ''Blessed are the dead which die in Lord.' The cornice also consists iof mouldings, and bears the text,' The noble army of martyrs praise 'Thee.' Thisis supported by pilasters, between which there is a panel with the following inscription :-r^' Within a few feet of this ispot, John Bogers, John Bradford, John Phirpot, and other servants !of God, suffered death by .fire for the faith of Christ in the years 1555, f1556; and 1557;' On the base there is : another inscription: — 'Near 'this place is erected a church to the memory of the said martyrs.' In ?the course of an eloquent address, the noble president said — 'We jre'acl on ' this tablet that a church has been erected in the neighbour hood to the honoravof the martyrs ; we also read at the base of the ?tablet thenames of some great men who suffered on that very spot; jwe read the names of Bradford, of Philpot, of Kogers ; and I believe Sthat historically it is true that those who stand to read that inscrip ?tioh stand' upon the very spot where those martyrs suffered some 300 iyears ago. Well, then, when those who pass by shall ask, 'What mean ye by this service?' I trust our answer will be, 'We mean by ?this service, first, deep and unspeakable gratitude to Almighty God, whose grace enabled these men to bear such a glorious and such a ?willing testimony ; and next to those men themselves who feared ?not the worst issues of torture and death, but freely gave their lives ?'for the honour of God and for the good of their fellow men.' jThese men died not having received the promises, but we of this ; generation have received the promises, we have received the issues ;of: their deaths and their glorious martydom, we have entered into the ' enjoyments of a noble and a free life, we have entered [into all the enjoyments of unfettered religious thought and unfet itered religious 'exercise. If we, then, have entered into those pro 'mises, we- have entered into their responsibilities, and our duty is -to do all' that in tis lies to maintain the honour of their blessed names |and to promote the principles for which they died, in which their [posterity have lived, and in consequence of which we are allowed in ;this great, free,- and. independent country yet to exercise dominion ?over so many thousands and ? so many' millions of the earth. I trust jthat;here we ?sh'air;ifead-a:'.iiessbn'':f.or.;'burselyes and a lesson for those | who come after us ; ..and I : hope it will be in the heart of every man ; and woman who reads that memorial to impress upon their posterity jthose deep,- solemn; and mighty principles, those terrible yet magnifi i cent responsibilities, which every Christian man in this country enjoys, \ for it is the glorious privilege of a free soul and of a free agent to jhave a responsibility towards Almighty God. I trust they will irn ? press upon all their children that, if ever there should arise in this 'country, which God forbid, a similar necessity, it should be met by a ; similar spirit. I trust we shall say to one and all of them, ' Bemem ber those who have gone before;' and in the strength of Almighty God, I say to every one among you, 'Go thou and do likewise.'' ' The Elementary Education Bill. — The Education Bill has passed the second reading, after three nights of exciting debate. The . great opposition to it arose on the proposition enabling school : boards to permit the teaching of particular religious views in schools under their control. Mr. Dixon, who will be remembered as a former : resident in Geelong, and has latterly achieved notoriety as President of the Birmingham Education League, proposed an amendment pro : testing against the religious difficulty. His view was supported by a i strong band of Nonconformists, while the Conservatives unanimously ; rallied round the Government. Mr. Gladstone promised that any defect in the revenue should be rectified in committee. One of the principal opponents of the bill, on Nonconformist grounds, was a Mr. Winterbotham, a barrister, who spoke with unusual power and eloquence. One of his hits put the Bishop of Winchester in an un popular point of view, requiring all the ingenuity of that astute pre late to set himself right with his dissenting brethren. In proof of the impossibility of any mutual co-operation in religious teaching between those who claim an exclusive apostolic succession and an exclusive divine commission, he said, with reference to the Bishop of Winchester, that ' He would take an eminent prelate, an able and zealous man, and one who, at least in his own opinion, was a model prelate and a model Churchman. That Bishop said that the three great obstacles to the religious education of the people were Beer shops, Dissent, and Over-crowded Cottages.' The Bishop wrote to the Times to explain that these ' obstacles' had been alleged by his: ? own 'clergy in reply to a printed paper of questions, and that the phrase which had given such offence had been extracted from charges. The opinion of the Bishop of St. David's is worthy ofv notice in connection with the discussion thus awakened. ' Let it not be thought,' he says, 'that I regard the questions on which those who are called orthodox Nonconformists arc really at variance with us as unimportant. But their importance is of a quite secondary order, and they mostly excite much greater interest in the clergy than in the laity ; and whatever their importance may be, it vanishes in ?comparison not only with those which are at issue between the Churches of England and of.Roine, but with those which separate members of the Church of England, who regard the Reformation as a blessing from those who speak of it as 'an act of Divine vengeance.'' In its comments upon the education debate, the Telegraph observes that ' Mr. Winterbotham is too logical not to see that, if the religious provisions of Mr. Forster's Bill be rejected, the only alternative will be a system of undiluted secularism. He accepts that system. Although a Nonconformist, and therefore a 'Bible Christian,' he does not scruple to recommend the exclusion of the sacred volume from the list of class-books. We repeat that the pro 2)osal is open to a fatal objection. The English people will not hear of it. Unsectarian they might consent to make their school system ; but, so long as they retain their present feelings, there is one thing they will . not do, and that is, in elementary schools, to abolish the Bible by Act of Parliament. 'With a warmth which the House thoroughly appreciated, Mr. Forster declared that the Puritan blood in his veins was roused by the proposal forcibly to withhold from the young the book which is deemed the priceless treasure of Protestant Christendom. Even if we put it on the lowest of grounds; we cannot exclude the Bible from the number of historical class-books. The 1 majority of English parents would loudly protest against such an exclusion. To the Secularist party they would say, 'By all means take the .shelter of- the Conscience Clause, if you object to the reading of the Scriptures : but : dbn?t forbid our children to receive, in the national classrooms, that religious instruction which we deem -an essential part of a ?Christian education.': To that argument -a con sistent Liberal can make no reply.' Even Mr. Miall, with: all his ability as a controversialist, failed to show why 'the //children of Church parents should be denied'Scripturalkriowledgein the national classrooms because the Noriconformists~feai' that if theBible come into the classrooms the parson will enter too, and with the parson all the noxious influences of the Establishment. The merit of Mr. Forster's plan is, that, while it does, not buttress, it does not attack, the denominational system ; and, as Sir Roundall Palmer said, we cannot afford to relinquish a system which has given its a great part of our present educational machinery.' The late Me. Edwabd Denison, M.P. — It will be in the recol lection of our readers that the death of this gentleman took place at the Melbourne Club on January 26th, and that our Bishop performed the last offices of the Church over his remains. The hon. gentleman, who was in his 30th year, was the only son of the late Dr. Denison, . Bishop of Salisbury, and was a nephew of the Speaker of the House of Commons. He was returned for Newark in the Liberal interest at the last general election, when he defeated Mr. Philip Handley. A *w' uiuuvjuo Oi^KJj LLLKJ .U.U11. gUil UlClllcLil UtXilllU 11U1 \J XXJi. Ui-LU UCLlullb *J±. lilo health, but about a week before his death he was seized with a violent attack of hcemorrhage, from the effects of which he never rallied. Mr. Edmund W. Hollond (wilting from Philpot-street, Mile-end), as a friend of this excellent Christian gentleman, bears testimony to the good he did. in the Mile-end district : — 'He found a small nucleus of childi-en , gathered in a little ground-floor room ; of one of the worst streets , in 'rfcms; ^^ neighbourhpod--a morally, physically, and . rn'entally _?;; degenerate mass of young humanity.- The ?children were taught, and religious services among the;poor were held, in which {Mr. Denison himself took part; ;literajly .doing ? that .which so ,i ewwiilj condescend to do, 'reasoning with them. qut: of the Scriptiu-es,', taking the pains to put his understanding Jin the place of theirs, :and so , gradually moving them upwards,, .? As -the .work progressed it outgrew the, littie ground- floor room, and Mr., Denison purchased a plot .of . ground at the back of .the ^street, and built there a spacious and well- ventilated schoolroom, in /which the good. works he helped forward still pro gress. Upwards, of 100 children (formerly mere street Arabs) now. attend, this school. ; :The rags have for the most part disappeared from their backs; and clean faces and combed heads have^ taken the place of the filthy cotintenances and unkempt heads that used to be there. ( The services are attended, and the responses heartily repeated, by men and women of the poorest class, who by their holy lives and brotherly love testify to the reality of their Christian profession. A penny bank and mothers' meeting are doing their good work, and the r whole neighbourhood bears' testimony to the comparative morality, cleanliness, and independence of the poor around. The people all speak of Mr. Denison with deep gratitude, and little, chil dren's faces light up at the mere mention of ,his name.. . . . : :. ... ... I wish to induce some to follow his .example. I ask, then, ior sub scriptions, not of money but of men, to raise a.mon^entj.,not,of stone but-of flesh and blood, to the memory of my,fiiend,,whpmthe gr,eat God has taken to Himself.' , ,.-:[-- .3;^'' ..The New Episcopal Appointments.— The Rev. Joshua Hughe's, vicar of Llandovcry, has accepted the bishopric of. St. Asaph, , says the Times. Mr. . Hughes was educated at Queen's Collegej ; jCam bridge, but is Welsh, and is a practised and effective preacher , in his native tongue. He is proctor for the diocese of St. David's in ? Con vocation, and is considered to be of decided evangelical sentiments. The bishopric of Chichestcr has been filled by the appointment of the Vcn. Archdeacon Durnl'ord, canon of Manchester and rector of Middleton. Mr. Durnford achieved a distinguished career at Eton and Oxford, where l\e took a first class in 1826, and subsequently Received the archdeaconry and canonry from the late Bishop of Manchester, in which diocese he enjoys the highest reputation. He is b.est known as an active, learned, and able Churchman, and is not connected, with, party, either in religion or politics, /The bishopric. [ of Wellington, New Zealand, is about to become vacant by the resignation of Dr. C. J. Abraham, who is at present in England. The right rev. prelate will become a suffragan to the Bishop of Lich field, and will take charge of that portion of the diocese which is known as the Black Country. Bishop Selwyn and Bishop Abraham were together at Eton, afterwards together at Cambridge, and after wards together as bishops in New Zealand, and will now be together as bishops in the diocese of Lichfield. 