THE NEWS BY THE MAIL. I OUE LONDON CORRESPONDENCE. London, 3rd Decombor, 1869. I THB QUEEN'S VISIT TO THE CITY. ! Monday, tho 6th November -will stand as a groat ? day in the annals of the City of London. Tho ' Queen visited the city for the fourth time during her 1 reign, and marking an interval of eighteen years since the citizens were similarly honoured, hut the j presence of her Majesty was not so much appreciated for this special occasion as for .the indication it gav« j of breaking through her lengthened retirement from I public ceremonies, which has so long been the subject 't of comment, and even dissatisfaction. Grout preparations wero made for tho opening ot the now bridge at Blackfriars, but the form was made as brief as possible. Tho Lord Mayor met her Majesty upon the bridge, and presented an address without reading it. The purport of the document was to welcome her Majesty, and explained that tho growing traffic of the city rendered increased accom modation necessary, and that such had been provided ¡ by the construction of the new bridge and viaduct. Although not read, an answer to the address was returned-but not read. It expi'essed her Majesty's pleasure at again visiting . the City of London, and recognised tho spirit of enter, prise and improvement which had over : characterised " the citizens. An illuminated '? book, containing an account of the bridge, was ' offered to and accepted by tho Q.ueon. A proces sion was formed and moved through tho eity ' towards the viaduct. Upon tho Queen's arrival ; there, a volume, descriptivo of that wonderful and useful construction, was presented, and her Majesty passed over in a western direction. Some idea ot ! the time ocoupied in getting through this introduc- i tion of public improvements may be gathered from the fact that the Queen arrived in London at half- j past ll o'clock, and left Paddington for return to j "Windsor at 1.15 p.m. j Notwithstanding the visit was so short, - tho i wannest welcome greeted her Majesty, and she seemed to havo been greatly pleased with the recep tion she received. The late Lord Mayor Lawrence has been rewarded -with a baronetcy. LOUD MAYOR'S DAY. November is the month when civic dignitaries ; Live to be the show and gaze o' the time. 1 The retiring- Mayor won his honours within a few ; days of his ceasing to be My Lord, and left tho chair - to his successor, who, if he aspires to a title, must invent a device to catch it before his turn arrives, to anticipate obscurity. , The Lord Mayor's day afforded thc usual metro politan sight for rising Whittingtons, but was some what marred by the copious showers of cold water poured upon it by nature ; but notwithstanding this the accession of Alderman Bosley to civic power passed off most sstisfactorily. Mr. Gladstono was presentat the banquet given in the evening, and spoke of Ireland in terms that are remarkable for r doleful and mournful confession. j MR. GLADSTONE'S SPEECH. [H He said : " My Lord Mayor,-You have been told, j, and told truly, by my noble and learned friend nearj ' me (the Lord Chancellor) of that harmony and ¡ ; unity which pervade the minds of those among > whom we live, ard it is a satisfaction and comfortto tj think that in this island, of which nearly tho -whole fl of us are natives, but ono sentiment prevails witti respect to the . Sovereign, the laws, and tho instiù- u tions of the country. But do not let us seok a fabe j; consolation in binding ourselves to that! Let tis but cross the channel towaiisjv that island with which we have been so long united in political and legislative bonds, and to which we are bound by all the most sacred ohli gâtions; and how-melancholy it is that in the faceof, , this great assemblage- in the faceof those representa-, { tives of foreign countries, whose commendations pi j ; us have been so eloquently expressed to-night-«I should be compelled to confess that in Ireland, whicrl we have governed for several hundred years, .omi; which wo have exercised at every period almost ant : unbounded power, we have not yet fulfilled the very1 first conditions of a civilised and well-conditioned ; community, and havo not yet brought the people ii heart into harmony with our laws and institutions ; That is tho simple fact which leads me to feel war- ' ranted in saying that as all Governments must rely ; ; on your encouragement and bog your forbearance, U we must, abovo all, tender to you this requisition.^:! We have been called into office' in connection with, that important crisis in the affairs of Ireland-thatV. crisis in which the mind of the people of thist country is now addressed more seriously than per- J. haps it ever was before, dealing with that problem-| and making mnnful and resolute endeavours to| seo whether it may not at last bo inf. our power to put an end to that which;, has been tho opprobrium, the" speck, on tho fahv fame of this country in the sight of tho world for sq many generations. In Ireland, my Lord Mayor, wj must not disguise it, wo perceive a state of. society politically diseased-a people of noblo capacity, o quick susceptibilities, whose heart notwithstanding,i in too many cases, does not beat with that warm f and lively attachment, oithertothe authoratativelaff . which we.so familiarly and so gladly recognisoot, this side of tho channel. Now, my" Lord Mayor, painful as it is to confess it, but I think if English-. men have a merit it is that they never' seek to lude , what is faulty in their condition, either from them selves or others ; painful as it is to confess it, wc art i bound to confess that even this very year has heen. marked in Ireland by a sad augmentation of thoso| agrarian outrages which, occurring as they do in »J; country singularly free from a general tendency w crime, acquire a painful notoriety, and strike at tM*: heart of Englishmen a deadly chill. What may H 5 the causes of thin increuso of outrage r It might oe-, prematuro and it would bo difficult to say* but one thing I know, and I would con vey it to the minds of thoso who arc connectée with those sad atrocities ; let not thoso who per]*, trato them suppose that that is tho path hy whie, they aro to attain to success or legislation for tho re-, moval of grievances. On thc contrary, everyone., who lifts his hand to harm Ms neighbour in Irelm, at this moment is not only, as he always was, merci}' guilty before God and mim, but he is, before au. things and above nil things, tho onomy of the bea, interests of his country. My Lord Mayor, wc ari glad and thankful to be cheered on by you in wM| we all must feel to bo n noble task, w'liile we do »oj ' t disguise our inadequacy to its due performance, namely, tho endeavour to give to this country that strength and unity which in a largo portion of the community it already possesses, hut which we have still to deplore in considerable part. Ireland still forms a dread and melancholy exception. For that end we shall lubour, encouraged and cheored by the generous support wo have received at tho hands of our fellow-countrymen." Tun IRISH Dn-i'iauLTY. Such a lachrymose introduction at a festive cele bration evidently proves the ghost presont to the Premier's vision even at tho banquet. Being -no Macbeth, ho might with truth have said Thou can'st not say I did it ; never shako Thy gory locks at me. That Ireland is the ghost of the present Adminis tration it would be impossible to deny. The dis establishment of tho Irish Church was a step in tho right direction, but the increase of disaffection among the Irish people is used as an argumont by the ., Opposition against his measures. His difficul ties give riso to exultation among his enemies; but if places wore changed at tho presont crisis, what; could they do to minister to the minds of society politically diseased ? Tins FENIANS. The refusal of the Government to release tho Fenians now in prison has divided their advocates into two parties. Ono ia for giving up tho agita tion for the present, and the othor for continued exertion. The English Amnesty Association have made a decided blunder in endeavouring to press their cause by withholding the revenue derived from the consumption of tobacco. They advise tho people of Ireland to abstain from the use of several excisable articles, and most particularly tobacco. It is proposed to abstain from the uso of tobacco in* any form until all tho political prisonors shall be released from custody. The Fenians believe they hare achioved a great victory in the election of Jeremiah O'Donovan Kossa as member for Tipperary, -but tho success can only be regarded as nominal. It is estimated that there are 10,800 voters in the county, but only 1132 votes were recorded for " Rossa," and 1030 for the other candidate, Mr. Heron. Many voters saw no necessity for going -to the poll, and others are be lieved to have absented themselves from fear of violence. It is understood that the conviction, ol' : "Eossa" for treason-felony in 1865, and present im- ¡ prisonment, must disqualify him from sitting in ' Parliament, although his name hus been officially announced in the Gazette. Nevertheless the election has given excuse for the wildest excitement and demonstration. "Eossa" was declared elected by the High Sherriff at Clonmel, on tho 27th November, j A Mr. Gill returned thanks for" Rossa," and said the ; election was intended to show Mr. Gladstone the indignation of Tipperary at his refusal to release tho Fenian prisoners, and added " Liberate our brothers, ! send Eossa back with the olive branch, and we will ! throw them back again the seat for Tipperary ; if j not, wo will go from county to county, we will put i in Luby and Mulcahy, until we have materials for a ' real Irish Parliament." Itis stated that "Kirkham," \ one of tho liberated convicts, is to bc put in nomina- ' tion for Mallow, when Mr. Sullivan goes to the vacan* seat on the bench in the Rolls Court, and that Captain Mackay, who is still in prison, wül be pro posed for Longford. A demonstration, in honour of the memories of Allan, Larkins, and O'Brien, executed for the murder of Sergeant Brett at Manchester, haa.been observed j in Dublin and Cork. Those who took part in the ; commemoration wore green ribbons and other national emblems. Murder and dastardly attacks i are still of frequent occurrence. ' J MR. PEABODY'S DEATH, AND FUNERAL CEREMONIES, i All that remains with us of him who loved his 1 fellow-man, and lived to see how much good could . be done while a man holds his lifo and gold at the j same time, has been treated with well deserved reye- : renee and respect. Tho body of George Peabody was placed in a temporary grave in Westminster Abbey on the 12th of last month. Church and Dis- ! sent gathered under the same roof to do him honour, i The Queen showed her anxiety by proposing a per- 1 sonal visit to him at his residence, but ho sank before her Majesty's intention could be carried out. - The funeral procession was followed by a long line, of carnages, including those of the Queen, tho Prince of Wales, the Lord Mayor, the Sheriffs and Under Sheriffs, Sh' C. Lampson, Mr. Charles Reed, H.P., Miss Burdett Coutts, tho American Minister, Lády Franklin, tho Duchess of Somerset. Mr. Charles Reed, M.P., and Sir Curtis Lampson were tho chief mourners. The coffin was met at the door of the Abbey the Rev. Lord John Thynne, the Sub-dean, the Rev. Canon Nepean, Archdeacon Jennings, and the choir. After the first portion of the service had been read the procession reformed, followed by the Prime Minister, Lord Clarendon, General Grey, Mr. Helps, the Lord Mayor, and Sheriffs. Tho portion of the burial service appointed to be read at tho grave was delivered by the Rev. Lord J. Thynne, and appropriate pieces per formed by the choir. A beautiful cross of white camelias had been placed upon the coffin as it lay in the grave, the plate on tho same bearing the inscrip tion:-"George Peabody, Esq., born 18th Febru ary, 1795, at Danvers, Massachusetts. Died in London, November 4, 1869." _ A telegram by Atlantic cable states that during tho time of Mr. Peabody's funeral in London, demonstra tions of mourning were made in Boston and othor American cities. Tho Bishop of London preached a funeral sermon at the Abbey in memory of the deceased on the 14th ultimo, beforo a largo congregation. , It is intended to remove tho remains of this worthy philanthropist to Portland, in tho State of Maine ; and for this honourable office her Majesty's ship Monarch, a turret ship,'has been selected. She is of tho most recent construction, and is probably the most powerful vessel in the navy. Tho vessel will bo joined by ships of the American squadron, and is expected to sail on tho 8th instant. In creed the Congrogationalits claim Mr. Peabody as a member of their order ; in bonovoleuco every nan could r" : m him as a lover of his kind, and recognize ' 'dm ono who held out his hand, until he er L close it no longer. Notwithstanding his liboiY' yifis dining his lifetime it is understood thut hif> executors (Sir Curtis Lampson and Mr. Charles Reed) are to pay over to tho trustees of tho Peabody Donation Fund, for the dwellings for tho poor of London the sum of £150,000 making the .whole amount given hy him for the purpose £500,000. Wo cordially ocho the prayer of the London Medical Timen and Gazette, "Heaven rest "his soul, and send us many like him." Wundi OF THE ROYAL STANDARD. News of the wreck of tho Royal ¡Standard, hound for Molboumo, has reached hero. She oloared out from Gravesend on tho 12th August last, with about 28 passengers, making with tho crew about 80 per sons in all. The vessel was dismasted on the 30th September. Sho was put under jury-masts, and tho captain steered with the. intention, of reaching Rio Janeiro; but just before daylight on Sunday, the 10th October, and when they supposed themselves far from land, tho ship suddenly stranded on a sand bank running from twenty to thirty milos off Cape St. Thorno, about 150 miles from Rio. There was only ono boat (the cutter), and the captain decided on sending tho women and children ashore, as. thoy could seo a long low coast of sand about six miles. off, called the Furago. Twonty-three persons left in the cutter, but a line of breakers prevented theil' landing, and it was found impossible to regain the ship. On iheir beaching tho boat, Mrs." Dnm mott and her five daughters and Mrs. Lawrenco and Mrs. Stoddart were drowned. After much toil and suffering over about fifteen miles of arid sand, tho remainder roached a miserable negro hut, and by the negro wero on the following day taken to the estate and residence of tho Viscountess Azarnumo, through whose hospitality they reached Macalie on the morning of the 13th October. Captain Clarke, wife, and child, and twenty-one of the passengers and crow woro taken off tho wreck by the Brazilian brigantine Camponeza ; and another portion of tho crow and passengers found their way to Rio Janeiro on tho Portuguese ship Amelia. Tho captain of tho Amolia ordered a second attempt to rescue those still on the wreck, and sent his long boat and nine Portuguese, two of tho crew of the Royal Standard volunteering ; hut tliis boat did not succeed in getting alongside the wreck, for .he captain of the Amelia was forced by his passengers to haul awayfrom tho edge of tho bank, and conse quently had to abandon not only tho wreck, but his own men in tho boat. Fortunately, the boat found a safe landing on the 14th. Tho remaindor of tho crew and passengers, twolve in number, left the wreck on a raft ; tho raft was blown out seaward, they were exposed all one night to a cold rain with heavy seas occasionally breaking over them ; in tho morning they were fortunately taken up by a Bra zilian schooner, carried to Ipaponna, and landed; from thence taken on to Rio Janeiro, and, lastly, brought to Falmouth and landed from tho Brazilian mail steamer City of Limerick. Tho Government colonial policy is exciting much discussion in the London papers, and meetings have been hold deprecating the present mode of legislating upon the subject. BIRTH OF A PRINCESS. The Princess of Wales gave birth to a daughter on Friday, the 26th ultimo. The family of the Prince of "Wales now consists of two sons and threo daughters. TIDINGS OF DR. LIVINGSTONR. At the opening meeting of tho Royal Geographi cal Society, on the 9th November, Sir Robert Murchison read some very interesting letters from Di*. Livingstone, dated July, 1868 ; but since Ithe meeting a telegram from the Governor of Bombay has been received by the Secretary of State for India, j dated Bombay, November, 22:-" Letters received : from Dr. Livingstone, dated Ujiji, 13th May, 1869 ; satisfactory." j NEW PEERS. I Eight new peers have been gazetted. Tho title of the Earl of Southesk in tho peerage is Baron Bttlinhard; Earl of Listowel,'Baron Hare; Lord Edward Howard, Baron Howard.; Right Hon. Jt. |W. Fitzpatrick, Baron Castletown; Sir J. D. Acion, Baron Acton; Mr. Robârtes, Baron Robartcs; Mr. ; G. O. Glyn, Baron Wolverton; Colonel Greville Nugent, Baron Greville. ! KINO LEOPOLD'S VISIT TO ENCUAND. I Leopold, King, of the Belgians, was yery i warmly received on the occasion of, his visit to Eng land. An address of welcome, signod by '300 Mayors, Lord Lieutenants, and other authorities, was presented to his Majesty at Buckingham Palace. An address of Volunteer . commanding officers ¡has also boon presented, and a banquet was given'in his honor by tho Lord Mayor, at the Mansion House. ST. PANCRAS WORKHOUSE DISCLOSURES. A very painful investigation, made before Dr. Lankestor, the coroner, has elicited evidence tend ing to show how death has been accelerated by tho condition of the sick wards of St. Pancras Work house. The testimony of witnesses proved that the wards were overcrowded and badly ventilated. Tho jury gave a verdict to that effect, and expressed an opinion that the infirmary had been overcrowded during the last three years, and desired to express their regret that the Poor Law Board have not onforced the sanitary measures which they have from time to time recommended to be camed out ; and they also feel that tho Board of Guardians failed in theil- duty towards the parishioners of St. Pancras in not carrying into effect tho recommendations of the Poor Law Board. It is understood that the authorities will now comply with the suggestions of tho Poor Law Board. NEW BLACKFRIARS BRIDGE. The new Blackfriars Bridge just opened consists of a five arches of wrought iron, surmounted by a richly adorned cornice and open wood parapet, tho centre arch being 186 feet span, tho two interme diate arches each 175 feet each, and tho two side arches each 155 feet span. Tho piers aro of granite. The width of the bridge is 75 feet, divided into two foot paths of 15 feet each, and a carriago road of 45 feet. The viaduct gives a level road from Newgate street to Holborn, and is a marvellous accomplish ment in modem improvements. The depth of tho valley, now so easily crossed, is best understood by a glance from tho massive bridge over Farringdón street ; and we wonder only so much good had not been effected long since, for wo learn that nine years ago 29,770 persons passed up and down Holborn Hill during twelve hours in one day; and foin- years later the number of vehicles passing up and down in ono day was 9134. HOLIIORN VIADUCT. The viaduct was scarcely brought into use heforo great interest was excited by the discovery of craokn in tho granite pillars supporting the bridge ovor Famngdon-street. Defects have been admitted, but ! an official examination results in a report to the ! Court of iCounoil .that thoro is not the slightest danger of tho safety and security of tho hridgo being impaired. Tho investigation continues, but tho trafiic is not in any way impeded. OTHER CITY IMPROVEMENTS. Some idea of other city improvements muy o gathered from tho amounts raised hythe Corporation of London within tho last fow years :-Tho new Meat and Poultry Market hus cost cßl,U0O,O0ü ; the purchaao of Southwark Eridge, £265,000 ; rebuild ing Blackfriar's Jiridgo, ¿3350,000 ; aud tho Holborn Valley Viaduct and approaches, £2,100,000. ZEALOUS RELIGIOUS MOVEMENT. A series of church services, intended to produce a species of revivalism, by no moans uncommon as a practice among somo dissenting bodies, havo boen held in tho metropolis. These special servicos have become popularly known as " the twolvo days .mission," and as a mode of stirring np religious zeal are reported to havo been productivo of good results. Some of the churches have, howovor, been exhibitions of extremes that are repugnunt to Protestants. Tho services at St. Alban's wore remarkable, par ticularly at tho close, for such oxtremes. A ; portion of the church was sot apart at an evening Berviee for penitents who presented themselves to j renew their baptismal vows. We aro told thataftor ! some confessions had boon heard at a small box in tlie corner ol' the church a .sermon was preached and the special object ol' tho service was explained. Candios- were blessed at thc altar. Shortly after, . lighted candles of thin wax were brought oiit, and each penitent, to the number of nearly five hiuidred, men and women, held ono of thom while a peniten tial hymn was sung. Tho minister, addressing the penitents, said :-" This is indeed a happy time. You are in the presence of God, and stand like virgins with then* lamps trimmed." Ho then said, very slowly and solemnly :-" Do you here, in the presence of God and His congregation, renew tho solemn promise and vow that was made in your name at your baptism, rati .fying and confirming the same in your own porsons, and Acknowleding yourselves bound to behove and to do all those things which your godfathers and godmothers then undertook for you." To this there was aloud response of "I do; " nnd tho other ques tions were answered in un oqually determined man ner. After this the clergyman wont to tho altar, and was vested in a splendidly embroidered cape. He was joined by others. A procession, accompanied by banners, moved round the church, the ßOO men .and boys, women, and children following, und each carry ing a lighted candle and singing tho appointed hymns. When the clerical port of tho procession had reached the chancel, and the penitents had re gained their places, the blessing was pronounced, and the candles having been simultaneously "blown out, I the congregation dispersed. ECCLESIASTICAL MATTERS. Wo ai-e likely to havo a Suffragan Bishop in Lon don-tho first for 200 years- on tho application of the Bishop of Lincoln. Tho Dean and Chapter of Exeter have elected Dr. Templo by a majority of 13 to 6. Tho Rev. Henry Hayman has been appointed te the head mastership of Rugby School. A correspondence between tho Bishop of Lincoln and Dr. Temple has been published, in which tho Bishop of Lincoln asks him to disclaim all responsi bility foi' the book (Essays'and Reviews), except so far as h is own part of it is concerned, and make a declaration bf his faith. The spirit of Dr. Temple's reply is no retraction. He says: " If I was to agreo to what you demand, I should lay myself open to fresh demands." ? A very severe illness seized his Grace tho Arch bishop of Canterbury on tho 19th ultimo, and for several days the greatest anxiety was manifested. He is now, however, considered out of danger,: and is slowly recovering. TUE OCUMENICAL COUNCIL. Tho Pope' has written another .lotter-upon tho subject of the attendance of those who dissent from him in faith at the Ocumenical Council. He ' ' learns that some of those, who dissent from our faith havo so understood those words (reforring to lotter ot' September last) as to believe that noway is left open to them of making known the difficulties which keep them separated from the Catholic Church, and ¡that almost all approach to us is cut off. But so far aro we, the vicars upon earth, although unworthy ot' Him who came to savo that which was lost, from repelling them in any. way whatever, that we even go forth to meet them ; and nothing do we seek for with more ardent wishes than to be able to stretch out our arms with a father's love to any one who shall return to us, and nover certainly have we wished to impose scheme upon those who, misled by their edu cation, and believing their opinions to bo right, think that their dissent from us rests upon strong arguments which they would^wish to be examined by wiso and prudent men. For although this cannot bo done in' the Council, thora will not bo wanting learned divines, appointed by ourselves, to whom they may open their minds, &c.;" VICTOR EMMANUEL. The King of Italy, Victor Envmanuel, has been suffering from an alarming illness, and was believed to bo so near his end aa to rcqnire the services of a con fessor. It is said that the priest, before absolving tho King, told liim that it was necessary he should make abjuration of the offences which ho had committed against tho church. His Majesty replied-" As a Christian, I have lived in tho faith of my forefathers, and am prepared to die in thc same ; «s a King, imitating tho examplo of my forefathers, I have done what my conscience as a sovereign commanded mc to do for my country. I havo always distin guished my obligations as a King from my duties as a Christian. As a King I have no abjuration to millee. Tho priest confused by this reply, administered tho Sacrament, but on 'his return to Pisa he was blamed, and enjoined on pain of Church censures, to retnm to San Rósspre, and demand the abjuration. The priest obeyed, and returned to the couch of the King, and delivered! his message. Tho King replied, "If you come hore to speak to a Christian of his approaching end, I will listen to you with calmness and with gratitude ; but if you roqniro to speak about politics, my Ministers are in tho next room." At one period the condition of the lung was supposed to leave no hope ; of recovery ; but ho is now so far restored that he has beon able to leave for Florence, where he was received with great enthusiasm. ! . ; THE FRENCH POLITICAL SITITATJOX^.;!* < The Fronch Chambora wuro oponed on tho 20th ultimo hy tho Emperor in person. Liberal inoasuros aro promised, but tho programme is not sumptuous. M. Kochefort -was arrested on tho Poltriam frontier, when entering French territory, in ord ev lo appen r, unexpectedly, at a meeting at Belleville as a candi date for Paris. The Emperor's pluasnvo having been ascertained, release and. safe conduct was made out for linn during the whole period of tho elections. Tho ' speeches reported us delivered by M. llocheford show him to bu un irre concilable;* indeed, he is said to have declared that he should morely tako the oath of allegiance to tho Empire to overthrow iL for a Republic. -He h:is been elected. Ledra Rollin refused to take the oath to the Emporor, and withdrew from the election. AUSTRALIAN MEAT DINNER! Some 1500 of tho working men of London and their friends were afforded an opportunity of testing the qualities of Australian meat at a banquet, given to thom by a committee of colonists in the Lambeth Baths on "Wednesday evening, December 1. The com mittee issued their invitations through thc Working Men's Club and Institute Union, which distributed tho cards of admission to leading establishments in tho prinoipal branches of trade, in order that they might renell the workmen. Thew wore also about 150 colonist* at tho feast. It was presided over by Mr. M'Arthur, one of tho members for Lamboth; and Lord Alfred Churchill, Mr. H. Cecil Rnikcs, M.P., Mr. C. Heed, M.P., Mr. E. Wilson, Mr. G. Verdon (Agent-General for Victoria, Mr. T. Huges, M.P., the Hov. J. Kitto, Mr. J. Wheeler, Mr. Applegarth, Mr. Mottershead, &c;, wore at tho principal tablo. With tho view of bringing " tho best modes of preparing" the Australian meat more prominently bofore the notice of the work ing classes of tho metropolis, tho committee caused the dinner to be cooked entirely by tho wives of artisans. It may ho asssumed, therefore, that those who dined on tho occasion tested tho viands under peculiarly favourable circumstances. Tho dishes woro selected and prepared under the direction of persons who are engaged in tho importation of Aus tralian moat into this country, who no doubt also took caro that the articles used in tho composition of tho bill of faro were tho best of their kind. There were BXX courses. Tho first au Irish stow, tho average contents of a dish sufficient for four persons, hoing 1 lb. of meat and 4 lbs. of vegetables, costing 8d. The second meat and potatoe pies, the average contents for a dish sufficient for fivo persons, being IA lb. of meat, 3 lbs. of potatoes, and two onions, costing Bd. Tho third, minced meat and rico, the average contents of a dish sufficient for three persons, being 1 lb. of meat, and 1 lb. of rice, 1 costing 5d. The fourth, sausages and potatoes ; the fifth, meat rolls ; and tho sixth toa, desBert, biscuits, &o.; There were no intoxicating liquors, and in lieu of soup each visitor was presented with a cake of solid essence of meat to take home with him. It was admitted by some of the leading speakers who proposed and seconded resolutions after tho' dinner, that the moat which liad been served to tho company could not be compared with what came from tho butchers' shops in London. This candour was only judicious. The host that cari be said for tho moat at last evening'« dinner is, that it was wholesome ; for, whether in a mince or a stow, it certainly was not particularly palatable. Tile sausages served with hot potatoes were something like the German sausage, though soarcely so eatable ; but tho criticism of some of tho company on the meat rolls was that they tastedmuoh better when tho meat was taken out. The stew, as a whole, was not bad, but "the-minced.meat and ri:e" was au execrable dish. There were large pieces of prepared meat uncooked on a sideboard, but nothing approach ing to the size of a mutton chop was laid before the. guests. In fact, the Australian meat must be " finely minced" before being cooked, and when being cooked it must bo allowed to " stew very gently, and be well stirred occasionally." These would be obstacles to its' coming into general use in this country, even if it had a better flavour than it has. The French, the German?, or the Italians would find a score of ways of using it up in its minced form, so ns to make it a principal ingre dient in a good dish; but the peoplo of this'country are sadly deficient in their cookery.1 They spoil evon the best meat in Europe by the careless way in which they prepare itfor the table. A dish of Irish stow cooked1 as it was last evening is a good ono, and very cheap at the price set down in the bill of fare. There can be little doubt that, so prepared, it will soon command an extensive sale. Australian moat will be used with much advantage by ; persons who manage working men's eating-houses and district soup-kitchens ; but until the working classes in thoir own families can dress it iu larger proportions than mincemeat,- it is not likely to become an article of - general ' consumption in this country. Though its taste and snioll are both some what peculiar to who who have boon accustomed to European meat, probably neither is sufiioiently dis agreeable to keep it. out of the market if it could only bo cooked in large pieces, and with loss trouble. After dinner Mr. Tallerman, the manager bf tho Australian Meat Agency, gave some details as to .meat-curing in Australia. With the exception of " The health of the Queen" there wero no toasts ; but a number of speeches were delivered, and resolutions proposed in favour of the movement for promoting the consumption of r Aus tralian meat in this country. \" THE CROWN OF SPAIN. There is no important movement in Spain. Thc Government appear uncertain what course should be adopted. It is said tho Duke bf Genoa would not accopt the Crown. THE OPENING OF THE SUEZ CANAL. Tho opening of tho Suez Canal on tho 17th ultimo was a great success. Tho Viceroy, tho Empress ol' the French, tho Austrian Emperor, tho Princess of Prussia, and tho various national representatives were present. Largo vessels have boen passed through from sea to soa.. M. Lesseps has. been crowned with honours ; religious ceremonies' woro held, and everything was a triumph. The com mercial part of this gigantic undertaking now stands for test. _ Tho cost of construction is enormous. The maintenance will involve a great expense. How is the toll on vessels to support it in future't Tho Sultan was not present at the opening of the Canal. Tho Sultan and the Khedive havo not come to terms. An ultimatum is spolcen of with ten- day« for consideration. Tho Levant Herald gives tho text of the Viceroy'K reply to tho last lotter of tho Grand 'Vizier, It seems respectfully to urge that the point relating to tho authorisation of loans should bc reconsidered, us in would bo prejudicial to 'Egypt. OHITUARY. The death of Viscount Canterbury is recorded, and tho death of Mr. Justice Hayes, junior Judgo of the Court of Queens bench, is announced. Also that of Madamo Grisi, the celebrated singer, is reported; she died at Berlin after a fow dn3rs' illness, arising from inflammation of tho lungs. 