? A girl in Wisconsin swallowed forty per,? cussion caps. Her mother reftaiued from spanking far for fur «f«n jBpiiMfeg}^ The. Delaware Indian word t for lote is " schimelendamowitehwagaudjk This will account for tfcegokarkabWuKvalence of lockjaw i#that tp^ "iJgjP " The young man y ho sang, " I!m lonely since my mother died," isn't quite; so, lonely now". 'Tfa jold man married again, and his step-mother makes it lively enough foe 4im. 3£eouga!kibaxigh.—Not long ago in one of our Government d^parbmf&tB; a clerk was mourning .over the probability of injured prospects arising from a proposed-jeorganisation of the establishment, when heVeceived tlm consolation from a senior:—"My young friend, 1 "said tthe.tiged tlerk, "I have carefully- studied tlfe records of this office, and find that during the last iten years it has been reorganised on an average once in every year, and is now in precisely the same condition as it waf at the beginning, YAGITE.—An old lady was asked what she thought of one of her neighbors by the-name of Chibbs, and with a very knowing look she replied, " Why, I don't like to-say anything ahout my neighbors; but as to Mr. Chibbs, sometimes I think—amd then again I don't know—but, after all, I -rather guess he'll turn out a good deal such a-- sort of man ms I take him to be."" * CAMEO CUTTING BE _AK AUSTIIAT/IAN.— We'find the following in the Art -Journal:: —" A young lady, srhose early education in art may be said 'to have been obtained in 'the bush,' iii.Australia, has recently produced some shell -cameos of -singular meriir—of euch excellence, indeed, as to have||g£featly sur- prised ' authorities ' among art crnScs. Her power has no doubt been developed sincejier residency, of a year in England; but several of her productions, before she had any instruction, manifest extraordinary skill and knowledge, and justify the belieHbat in this peculiar art she will arrive at supremacy. Miss Kelly, who is of an Irish family settled in Victoria, seems to have been guided by what is erroneous]^ called chance — first carving heads on pieces of Australian lava, and thence proceeding to Jhe shell; sometimes ' copying from such ' engravings or models as came in her way, far from any ' school,' and occasioually designing as well as carving. Two of her cameos, produced in Australia, wore purchased by the Queen. Fortunately, her abilities have been appreciated by Mr. Gladstone. The great statesman, it is known, loves art. He has a rare collection of China and wood-carvings of a high order; these he has freely placed at the disposal of the young artist; and not this only, he has found.time to sit to her for his portrait; so also liavk Mrs. Gladstone and other members of his family. In the Duchess of Argyll, too, MIES Kelly has^undanother generous aud appreciative patron. Sire' is not, therefore, without the sure means iby which success is attained when accompanied 1 by desert. The examples submitted to us are such as could not fail to excite admiration ; they are portraits chiefly, excellent as likenesses, and cut with marvellous neatness —graceful, yet forcible. It is not too much to say that nothing so good, in this class of art, has been heretofore produced in England." * FIEST STEPS TOWABDS Rum—It -was stated, at a meeting of the American Prison Discipline Society, as the Tesults of the .examinations made by that institution into th£ history and career of the various criminals confined in the prisons of the United States, that in almost all caseg their course of ruin began iu disobedience to parents. T'nis was followed by intemperance, and that made way for all other crimes. Tho statement was made by the secretary of the society, the Eev. Lewis Biviglit, whose opportunity for observation had certainly been very great. TEMPEUAXCE AUD MENTAL EXERTION.— There is nothing written under the inspiration of drink. Burns did not write the 'Cotter's Saturday Nighty Byron did fiot write ' Childe Harold ' under the inspiration of drink. Our best writers have been sober men. Sheridan might be an exception amorig^ the latter, but evenSheridau sobered himself to compose . his speeches. Ilis very jokes, were elaborated when sober, and in secret? to be let off over tho bottle, o*r exploded -m the House, as if they were the inspiration of the moment. Our har3est working public men have always been sober men. Go to strangers for charity, acquaintances for advice, aud relatives for nothing, andyou will alwavs always have li.ive..a a suirmliT- supply. . In inscribing a new organ, a countrv editor says The swell died away in delicious suffocation, like one singiug a sweet song under the bed-clothes." "There, John, that's twice you've come homeand forgotten that lard."—La! mother, it was so greasy that it slipped my memory. WASTED.—A wink from the eye of justice; a tooth from the uiouth of a river; a few yards of the string of which the tropical line is composed ; a leaf from the Bbok of Fate ; a link from any chain of events. When a dog gets his head fast iu a fence, itfis unsafe to extricate him, unless you enjoy the pleasure of his acquaintance. There are fow people who have not been puzzled whether to write ei orie in the words that so represent the sound of long e. A very simple rule, says a schoolmaster, removes all difficulty. When tho dipthong e, it is always ei—ce/ling, conccive, <$sc. When it follows auy other letter it is always ie — grief, friend, nicce, &c.; TIIE QUOWISG ASD IMPROVING & CEREALS.— " Mr. F. F. Hallett has arrived at the following conclusions after observations and experiments extended over nearly twenty years :—1. Every fully-developed plant, whether of wheat, oats, or barley, presents an ear superior in productive power to any of tho rest on that plaut. '2. Every such plant contains one grain which, upon trial, proves to be more productive thau any other. 3. Tho best grain in a given plant is found in its best ear. 4. The superior vigour of this grain is trupmissiblc in diflerent degrees to its progeiij™ 5\. By repeated carcful selection, the. superiority is accumulated. C. The improvement, which is nt first rapid, gradually, after a long scriop of years, is diminished in amount, and eventually so far arrested that, practically speaking, a limit to improvement in the daKred uality is reached. 7. By still continuing to clcct, the improvement is maintained, and ractically a fixed type is the result. , (a JSockhampton journal) of t^e 5tl{^nstant relates that an immense mob of aborijKals, amounting to something like^lOOO. are at the present time camped in tbffieighborhood bf Gracemere, much, no doabt.lo the delight .of the inhabitants thereof. They iave, we understand, trooped in from all parts of the country, some frAm a very great^Aistancejfor thepurpose—8'otheyaay—of holding a grand; " corroboree," felpwe had much rathwthey had fixed upon'a«Rot a little further from Rockhimjjtoi ; <Jne tlwwsand;bl!«kfell6ws, armed, anKiot particalarfy well versei'in the difference between mearn tuad Hum, are •likely j®' turn -ottt troublesome neighbors, especially as they arefond of,mutton and ponlhy of all descriptions, ©n the -ftth inst. we saw a troop -of nearly 300 within -a quarter of a mile of the town boundary, and wj think it -would be adyi&ble; (for the poliee*malce ijs show, as the veiy sight of that formidable 4 body would. no doubt, be quite sufficient make She invaders retreat into their -old fastneHee iu double-tjiiick time. THE TABS ELECTION.—We -understand, says the JRKS Courier, A draft petition, drawn up by SirsJames Martin, has been received in tow^ and is now being engrossed, with a viewTafpresentation to the .Speaker of the Assembly, when elected. One clause of thje petition -refers to Mr, Fitzpatricb, at tlfe time of his election, holding the office of Uij^er-Secretary for 3Lande. The £100 necessary to b'B lodged, it is ,said, has been provided by persons in Sydney, and one of the principal movers in the affair is Mr. Davies, of Orange Society fame. Should, by chance, a fresh election iSsult, the eleeters-offWass Plains «vill know how to treat the intermeddling of the Orange or any other society in their affaire.—Empire. SPIRITISM:.—A, queer story is told in the Pleasant Creek News by a writer whose character for integrity and veracity is well attested. {He has been for some time residing in New Zealand, aud says^—I saved a claim here at the Thames tltough a spirit communication, It had been na^cted, and was liable to be jumped, whei^^waa told by spirit-writing that six iiinflilpi coming at 9 o'clock the next morning to the claim to jump the ground, with -other particulars of their programme. I was there with the men I got,^ust in the nick of time to save the claim. The jumpers carae exactly at the time I was told they would do, and they-saw at ojice that they were completely checkmated, and looked sheepishly disappointed and as white as ghosts when they saw we were too much ifcd too strong to be bounced by them. You see by this that I am a -spiritist. A CUEIOUS BAIL-WAT.—The Portmadoc and Eestiniog Bailwav is now attracting much attention amongst scientific men. This is a little line in North Wales, and was originally constructed for the .purpose of acting as a tramway for slate and stoue from the hills of Merionethshire to the seashore. It is now being used as a regular goods and passenger line. The chief peculiarity in its construction -is that the gunge is only two -feet broad. Hence, though the line runs thfough a very difficult country, the expens^ of-^construction -and working are so squall that the traffic fields the enormous rSvemie of thirty per cent. The-reason is simple enough. . It is because the proportion between the dead weight and paying weight is so much less than upon other railways. The engine audteuder upon this line weigh about 10 tens, against 40 tons upon the wider gauge -or other Enes. Instead of a first-clasR carriage weighing tons, to carry 32 passengers, and representing nearly 5 cwt. of dead weightforeach passenger, the carriages on the Festinoig weigh only 30 cwt. for 12 passengers, or 2i cwt. for each person carried. The Mmilwag News, without going so far as to say that a two-feet gauge will furnish tho railway of the future,is confident its economy and efficiency will cause it to b^ extensively adopted. * PEDESTRIAN EXTRAORDINARY. — Young Austin, the ten-mile champion of Australia, nas (says the Newcastle Chronicle) during the year 1869 performed the extraordinary feat of running 4710-mile races, one 18-mile race, one 15-mile, aud twenty-five mile races. Out of the forfcy-sevfeu 10-mile races, forty- •lir were accomplished under the hour, the ffiickest -being run in 57 minutes 5 seconds. 3$ie 15-mile race was run on the Wagga racecourse, in 1 hour 29 minutes JT <sedbnds. The 18-mile race, at Orange, was run in 1 hour 45 minutes 14 seconds. The quickest 5-mile race was run on last New Year's Day' on Gunnedah racecourse ; time 20 minutes 14 seconds. The distance altogether run in 1869 is 605 miles, and the time occupied was 59 hours 47 minutes. This performance far exceeds both Lang and Mills, the Long-distance English champions,' who, during their longjf&rcer; of seven years have not accomplished one-half the distance. Austin's best |)«rformance was on the Wagga Wagga racecourse, iu $uly last, running 15 miles in 1 hour 29 minutes 7 seconds, being only 45 seconds longer than the quickest time on record. Austin has been absent from tjjris district about four months, during which^ime he has made a long tour to the North, having run various matches at Muswellbrook, Tamworth, Nundle, Peel River Diggings, Gulligal, Gunedah, and Narrabri. At the latter place he beat the celebrated runner Frost in a five-mile race, although ho (Austin) had rii^n on horseback sixty-fiveT| miles the same morning to reach the runniug ground. In our advertising columns a challenge appears from Austin to run Bird, the Champion English runner (and who is uow in Melbourne), a race of ten miles, or twenty to "fifty miles, for from £100 to £200 a-side. Wc shall be glad to see the challenge accepted, and we have no doubt that Bird will have his work cut out for him to beat our young champion. He will find that running on the English turf is rather different to the colonial. The Hon. CharleB Cowper, •6.M.G., was, on the 11th inst., appointed Vice-President of the Executive Council. On the 13th iust., Sir. John Robertson resigned the poBt of Chief Secretary, and Mr. Cornier was sworn in*to that office—formally resigning his seat in the Legislative Assembly, for Liverpool Plains. Mr. Robertson's resignation is caused by the urgency of private affairs, and has not arisen from any disagreement with his colleagues. gf A CANDIDATE FOE MANEBO. —I consider the present question is not whether Porkes or iiobcrtson is to be in power, but whether Tom. Garrett is to be the Chairman of Committees, as he is well aware that I will oppose his election. —WILLIAM GIIAIIAME, in'thc Bombala Times. 