ENLARGEMENT OF THE WESLEYAN METHODIST CHAPEL, MOONTA. We have been favoured, by a gentleman who was present, with the following interesting account of the ceremony with which the enlargement of the above mentioned church was commenced : " The Wesleyan Methodists at Moonta have for some time past felt the necessity of enlarging their church, so as to enable them to meet the re- quirements of the congregation. A meeting for the consideration of this matter was held some two months ago, at which the members of the congregation then present subscribed the sum of £125, which has Bince been increased to £190. The proposed enlargement consists of an addi- tion to the present building of some 28ft., so that the church when completed will afford sitting accomodation for over 400 persons. From an early hour on the morning of Monday, the 3rd October, it was evident from the preparations being made in front of the present church, that an event somewhat apart from the usual routine of daily life in Moonta was about to take place. High poles, covered with evergreens and sur- rounded with gay flags, rose in front of the build- ing ; and busy workers were to be seen on every side, engaged in raising platforms for the accomo- dation of the people. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon the Moonta Brass Sand took up their position on the plat- form, and delighted the waiting spectators with their rich strains of music. Soon after the chil- dren in connection with the Sunday school arriv- ed, and quickly filled up the platform allotted to them. A large gathering of people having by this time assembled, the ceremony of the day be- gan by the children and people singing in a very hearty manner the hymn commencing " Thou who hast in Zion laid The true foundation stone," after which the Rev. J. Young Simpson read the 29th chapter of the 1st Book of Chronicles, and prayed. The Secretary of the Trust (Mr Beaglehole) then read a copy of the parchment, which, with the daily papers and a circuit plan were enclosed in the bottle laid under the stone by Mr D. Buzza. The Rev. the Superintendent of the Circuit, on behalf of the Trustees, then presented to Mrs Charles Drew (who had kindly consented to lay the stone) a very handsome silver trowel, bearing a suitable inscription. In doing so he referred to the fact that the cost of the trowel was not de- frayed out of the funds subscribed for the enlarge- ment as was sometimes the custom—but that it was the gift of a few of the Trustees who desired in this form to express the high esteem in which they held Mr and Mrs Charles Drew for their warm attachment to Wesleyan Methodism, and the very great assistance they had rendered to that church. Mrs Drew then proceeded to lay the stone in the customary manner. Mr Samuel Rossiter then presented a handsome mallett—made out of four kinds of colonial woods and highly polished. Having used this, in completing the work, Mrs Drew declared the stone to be well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, when addressing the assembled people, she said " Ladies and Gentlemen—It affords me great plea- sure to meet with you on this occasion and to take part in the ceremonies of to-day. I desire to thank the Trustees for the very hand- some presentation they have made me. I can assure those gentlemen that I shall ever value their gift as a memento of their kindness, and the honor which they were pleased to confer upon me in requesting me to lay this stone, for the en- largement of God's house. And I pray that the Triune God whom we worship may add his bless- ing to the efforts of his servants, so that in this building, as in the adjoining one, they may have the happiness of witnessing God's salvation made known to and embraced by many souls—May it be so—Amen." Mr Simpson then mounted the stone. He said " that the pleasing duty of delivering the address, bearing on our church Doctrines and Polity usual- ly devolved upon the Rev. the Superintendent ; and he deeply regretted that the enfeebled state of the Rev. J. Raston'e health prevented him from discharging that duty. He then briefly re- ferred to the position of the Wesleyan Methodist church in these colonies, and glanced at some of the elements of her success and power. The connexional spirit pervading it, her valued lay agency enabling her as a church to supply the spiritual wants of the people in sparsely populated parts, her glorious doctrines ; Ruin by sin ; Re- demption by Jesus Christ; Regeneration by the Holy Spirit. He said they gave prominence to these great doctrines—viz., the Divinity of Jesus ; the Atonement in its fulness ; the work and wit- ness of the Spirit; and that great central doctrine Holiness in this life faithfully preached. Her distinctive means of grace for the spiritual good of the people in the form of Class Meetings, Love Feasts, and Fellowship Meetings—and above all else—the realised manifestation of the presence of God in the midst of their assemblies. He urged upon the people increased faithfulness and ear- nestness of life in doing good. He hoped they might ever as a people retain the character they had won, that they were " the friends of all and the enemies of none," and seek more and more to spread spiritual Holiness through the land. He concluded an admirable address earnestly delivered by quoting the following lines: Ye faithful sons of sires gone home to glory, Walk in the old paths by your fathers trod ; With yearning love repeat the ancient story, And trust your father's God." A number of boys and girls then proceeded to lay purses—containing the amount they had col- lected—upon the stone, after which the National Anthem was sung right heartily by all present. Three cheers were then given for the Queen, and three more for Mrs Drew and the ladies of Moonta. The people then dispersed, the majority find- ing their way to the well spread tea tables, where the ladies succeeded in satisfying the wants of all by the ample provision they had made. All seemed to enjoy themselves heartily, and the Brass Band discoursed in a masterly manner, many choice selections of music. The public meeting in the evening was ably presided over by Captain Deeble, of Moonta Mines, and addresses of considerable interest were given by the ministers of the Circuit, and Messrs Bray, Pryor, Blackney and Beaglehole. The total cost of the enlargement will be about £250, the whole of which amount is likely to be raised by the time the building is completed and opened." 