PLEASURES OF AN EDITOR'S LIFE. Wo Wagga Wagga Express) out tho subjoined from au exchange, and request that subscribers who are disposed to onrp and And fault, and cor respondents who are deeply irato" bcoauso- their communications are 'unavoidably held over or omitted.will study tho specifiontion it coniaius of au cimor a unties on a country journal " What I Buy tho Morning Roarer and edit il ? Not if I know it, tliauk you. You don't sco wh\ I shouldn't t Well then lot mo tell you. I'd rnlhor turn brlckmakcr, coalhonvor, wood-cultvr, fonccr, ditcher, nnythiug rathor than turn editor. again," Bumptious, littlo man, was oxoilod ; his small dark eyos glittered liko a ferret's ; his hair, short, wiry, and red, at tlio best of times grow upwaxds-instoadof downwards, and looked-liko the clipped mano of a horse ; now it stood fairly upjjght, bristling with oxcitomont, liko tho hair on tho uock of a Scotch torrlor whon ratting j-it plainly said " no sir, -you can't iroposo on mo il won't do. I can't alio wit. for n momont." It amusod me to drnw him out, and so I asked him why not? "Why not! Do you know what -sort-of a mnn nu editor must bo, and what Bort of alifoko leads? Nol thou listen. In tho first place, ho must bo au onoyclopodia, ho must know everything. lie's no use at' all if ho doesn't. Nothing on.oarth, in tho air, sky, ocean, or any other comer must bo strango to him ; literature, arts, scionccs, manufactures, industries of all kinds, must bo at bis Angers' ends. Ho must bo an actor, sculptor, engineer, doctor, lawyer, and politician, and nblo to criticiso anldamntffo lot of thom. Ho must know overyone; who's born, who's dead, who's dying, and who's going to die, -and-vvlio-going-to-bo-born. — Tb©mly-tliing-hefs- not expected to know are such trifles ns homo, ?('aco, quiot, comfort, and his wife, aod children, lo must novcr wsnt any sleep, but treat it as a delusion and a snare ; and as for dinnor, no man is fit for an editor, who cannot mako his Sunday's dinner last him tho week, Bo an oditor indoedl Ugh, tho idea is horriblol pass tho wine." After viciously cracking.a fow walnuts, Bump tious resumed : " No Frank, it won't do ; it's a dog's lifo with a dog's payment. A mn's temper must bo angelic. Ho must rather liko boing called a liar and a scoundrel than othorwiso. Ho must smilo at all scurrilous salutes from angry correspondents. Then the actual work, you've 'no conception of it. It's tho old story over again—, maklug bricks without straw. TaktfDullpata's speech and report it. You've first to put it into shape, stiffen it.with argument ; supply it with f;rammar, cut out the twaddle aud mako it lutol- igiblo ; and next day Dullpato calls and black- guards you for not reporting him vorbatim of conrso. Such a charming interview clears your brain, and you sit down lo your leador. Tap, tap, at your door boforo you'vo writton three lines, and in steps Miss Felicia Warblor, to show you hor little poem, commencing — Alas, my pet of many days has just done dyin£, .. Andli witli.burating-kcart, must sit down crjmg I _ and so on for twonty olegant stanzas, which, she thinks, will fill in nicely tho cornor of your ex cellent paper. You must not offend hor— she is a subscribor ; so with your best grace you assure hor, regretfully, that the taste of tho community is not sufficiently cultivated to appreciate sucn poetry ns hers; so with an air of interest, and without the ghost of a smile, you mustreoommond her ta send it to a friond of yours, the editor of tho Mudvillo Magazine, who no doubt will bo delighted. The lady gono, you tacklo your leador again — perhups a kuotty point on somo onnslilutional" 'question you wish to do it well, look up authorities, arrango your argument, and so on ; tho door opens—' Good morning, Mr. Ilcditar,' and in walks Farmer Mangold, an immenso turnip in his hand, which ho places on your tnblo to enable him to draw from his huge pocket, ono of tho lnrgpst, longest, and probably the dirtiost carrots you ever saw or wish ta seo. By this time your tablo is covered with splendid specimens of- other productions from Boglauds, which Mangold wishes you to quoto for its extraordinary fertility ; ho is going homo as soon as ho can sell thatdcsirablo farm. You bow him out ns cheerfully ns your exhausted patience will admit, .and find a fovil waiting at the door. You know at once ho wants you. ' Copy' is writtou ou his face. I believo theso imps onjoy tho tortures they put you to. They know as well as you do that you're not prepared — have not a lino written ; but yourlituo is up — it's no mo— satisfy them in somo shapo you must. Iu desperation you tako tho scissors and cut out something, knowing nil tho time that you will bo 'overset — anything to send away tho horrid spectre, I be lieve no mnn more fervently hates tho devil and all his works than an editor doos." So saying tho littlo man stops for breath, looks vacantly at tho decanter, and in a fit of abstrac- 'lion ro-li Us his glass, and doos not recover his presence of mind until it is empty again. Find- tag him silent, Hook up and say, "well, anything more?" This starts him again. "Morel I tell you, you pooplo who quietly road your- paper, and cannot tako your cocoa andogg without it," know " nbthiug about tho labour— hard, continuous labour, "wearying vexa tious brain work— which goes to tho making up of that sheet which you idly scan, and then toss aside, with a muttered 'nothing in it.' Bah! Nothing in it? It makes mo wild when I hoar a mnn say this. Nothing in it? Give tho same paper which you havo contemptuously thrown down ta a man, say in prison, or anywhere away from the haunts of men. Did McCiuro, and his noble companions, frozon up in tho regions of eternal ice, say 'nothing in it" when thoy got a pnpor from homo ? No, indeed, tho vory advertise ments tccmcd'with life, and intelligence, hopes, fears, and what is dear to everyone— uowb from home. " Not one in a thousand over thinks how much Icarnln?, care, labour, and ceaseless industry is required to supply him with his morning news, and fewer still of tho anxioty, worry, and comfort less lifo an editor liaB. Of course much dopends upon tho charactor'of the man and class of papor ho edits. In tho largo offices there is much division of labour; but in many iustancos the whole work of a paper, not mecbuuical, falls upon tho editor. Whon this is tho onso, if ho is an honest man, with fair abilities, bo is anxious to do his work woll, and tlion ho really is ono of tho hardest worked men in any cnlling of lifo. I know what it is, and shudder at tlio thought of ngain.undertaking suoh a responsibility." By iliis tirno Bumptious had cooled down> Wo puffed our cigars in silonco for somo time. Bumptious wan gotting coo ; tboro was nofuu in him ut such times.. Tu stir him up again 1 said, "politics must bo a groat relief to an oditor." % Ho roso immediately " Politics, sir, a relief 1 I tell you an editor hulas tho very name. IIo sees so much of tho baseness, shiflinoss, solf-scok- toft aye »»d positively right down barc-facod lying, that lio'inust bo disgusted, As businoss ho nccopttrlfofTTeci'ssity ;' but it is ashos In his moutlu Ooo day ho -reports Mr. D. Rascal's "speech at a public" meeliDgT'Tlio next morning ho recoivos a letter from tliat gontlomnn signed -JIoncstyroxposing-tho- faHwoyandclup-.trairof hir own outpouring. Whatever party succeeds, ho vvuii U a billot, aod. anything ho can do, say, or write to onsuro succors, ho is prepared for. Doctors and lawyors nro commonly said to viuw different uspuclB of human nature, I think mi editor sees ns much as either, und will generally sido with tho lawyer. — No-sir ; dopund upon It, politics improvo no inan ; they blunt his moral sensibility ; ho has so often to compromise between the right iraifoho expedient (hat thoy soon become syuony- ini/u terms." - . /No doubt, no doubt, Bumptious," I broke in, "you're unite right. Chatham waH_a_liumbug.. I'itt un utm. Halifax trimmed mlwuys on the .winning side. . l'Yuukliu too wus just us uupriuei- pled uj tbo rest." ' , ' ' " Don't chaff, Fred. God forbid I should moan that hundreds of good mon havo not honostly and manfully worked for their country, with no sordid ends in view; but theso nro exceptions. Bpt_L uphold that' nouo of your fuvourito stalestnou. were mado hotter mon by following politics. You can't travel a dirty road without pickiug up somo of tho miro." " Woll, don't preach, and I won't ohnff. IIow do yon got on with your correspondents ? " " Wo sotdom got lottors that wo care for, or that will pay for tlio timo ami troublo of purusnl und corroctiou. Wo'vo plenty of oilers of assistance, Orio will, if ngrooablo, sends us a loader on some pot scheme of his own. An editor is ofton amusod and sometimes angered by tlio cool wuy in wluoh somo ono propbsos to mnko a -tool of hiinsolf and his papor. Thoy acorn to think ho is a fool, and ho ho is if ho remains ut his post ono day longer than ho can bolp.So I niustdcollno poremptartly, . .decidedly, -and- most emphat!oally.-your_obligtuf suggestion to buy tho Scandal Town Roarer, don't mind hard. work. I am used to abuse, I'vo an nvorugo share of brants, and more than .tho avorago want of cash ; yot I must want both in a greater, degree before 1 can ontertaln nny such proposal. ,1 am woak onough ta havo a lingering regard for my wifo; and my children, boros as they are, are not distasteful to mo. I know some thing of thorn uow, und what homo means; atid cortninly I am not prepared to givo thom all up for tho pleasure of conducting a journal of small cir culation, whore tho burden of tho work tails on tho oditor." Fntbor Larkius,.of West Coast Fenian celebrity, was at Dunodin a short time ago trying vory hard to get. tho soutonco of suspension, whioh wnfl passed on him by tho Romnn Catholio Bishop at tho timo of the Ilokitika riots removed. Father Larkins is unable 'to oxorciso any clerical func tions, and ho dosires to loavo this colony for Cali fornia, hut ho would not boablo to assume clerical dutios thoro without lottors of rooommondatloii from this diocose. In tho absence of his Lord ship Bishop Viard, tho Catholio authorities hero docllncd ta in any way interfere with Father Larkins' position, and so ho had to go away as ho came. Cunious Deiit Case. — A singular caso was hoard at Wagga Wagga Small Debts Court on Monday. Tho Advertiser says :— Mr. Cruikshank sued Mr. Morton, Into of tlio Prince of Wales Hotel, for tho sum of 19d. illegally detained by him. Mr. Cruikshank, it appoars, owod Mr. Morton 16s. 6d. for a grog score of some standing, and during ono of his visits to the bar of tho Priuco of Wnles offered tho barman, in payment of two drinks, n one-pound noto. Tho carman, seeing a chanco for the Satisfactory settlement of accounts, impounded tbo money due, and handed Mr. Cruikshank tho balance of half-q-crown, which ho-rofusod to"tako7"aud summ6n'edhis creditor for 19s., which the law allowed him, with 10s. costs added. A Medioal Man committed for Man slaughter. — Tho Melbourne Leader of Saturday rolatosthata medical man nnmed Ralford, re- siding at Castorton, has bocn committed for trial for tho allegod manslaughter of a fomnlo pationt. Tho evidence went to show thnt tho doctor was intoxicated during tho accoucbment of tho unfor- tuuate woman, and the local papers are indignant that tho pooplo of tho district havo so long tolerated n notorious-drunkard.— Tbe-joumal iu question doos not do full justico to Mr. Radford's pertinacity. Somo years ago lie sotllod at Cas- torton, and he took good care not to pormit his domaiu to bo poached over. By somo adroit managomont ho got himself nppoiutod Ooronor, aud tho gnmo was thon in his own hauds. If any Jiorson died under tho oaro of a rival Esoulapius, tmlford hold nu inquoot, a ml vory gouorully an adjournment for an oxhumntion. From a return once laid before Parliament, out of 27 donths iu the district, thoro had been 23 inquests, tho four boing patients of tho Coroner. Tho result was that persons who did not desire an inquost on tho remains of their friends always took caro to call in tho coronor, who, by this ingenious expediont effectually drovo away nil opposition. Uowcvor, tho dovico was ovontualiy exposed, and Mr. Rud- ford has at last corao to grief. A Snake Adventure.— Tho Bellinger River oorrospondont of tho Macleay Herald wrilos : — " On Now Yoar's Eve, Miss Frieda Marx and Miss Sarah Marx, whon going homo to thoir unolo's, about 1030 p.m., heard ono of thoir father's goats (only four days old) crying out, As if in groat pain. It was not far from tho river bank, iu a paddock, and tho young ladios pulled tlio boat to tbo shore. The young ono ran at onco to tho snot whonco the noise proceeded, but as it was dark sho could not sco what was tho mnttor with tho kid, so sho tried to lift tho poor thing up, when, to her sur prise, sho found that it was oxtrnordinnrily heavy. Wishing to know tho reason of this, Miss Marx passed ono hand along tho goat's back, whon sho. folt something liko d largo snako was coiled thrco or four times round its body. Sho ut onco com municated this ta her aistor, whon tho sufferer was left, and both hurriod homo ta rolnto tho circum- Btdnco. Tho family woro singing and kcoplng up Sylvostor Eve, ns it is uhimI to do in tho laud of thoir fathors (Germany), but tho recital of tho adv.cuturo with tho snako for tho timo proventod furthor merriment, and tho malo portion of tbo compuny started at onco with a light and a gun for tho spot where tho kid couiu still bo hoard crying most pitifully.— On reaching tlioplactftlfoy" discovered one of the Ingest carpet snakes whioh has boon seen in that locality, twisted round tho kid's body. It looked at its disturbers, but did not attempt to reloaso its victim. Mr. Eugono Marx thon aimed steadily nt tho snako with tho gun (evon at tho risk of killing the kid, which bo could scaroely boo), and fired. Tho snake was well hit, boing nearly cut asunder by tho shot, and tho goat was unscathed. It had, however, roceivoa sucn a sevoro squeezing that it could not walk. It was placed under its mothor's care again, and on tho following morning waa as livoly as over. The Crop's the Thing.— An auctioneer was soiling a lot of land for agricultural purposes. " Gentlomon," said ho, " this is the most delightful land. It is the easiest land to cultivnto In tho country — it is bo light, so very light. Mr. Parkor horo will corroborate my statement; ho owns tho next patch, and will toll you how easy it is workocl." "Yes, gonllomon," said Mr. Parker, " it Ib vory easy to work it, but it is a groat doal oasicr to gather tho crops." Early on tho morning of tho 24(h Dosomber, 1804, Adinirul I'ortor, in command of tho floot off tho Carolinian coast signalled to tho vessels before Fort Fisher — "Got steam up, nnd follow mo." Tho ship to whioh I belonged was assigned to n position botweon two iromolads and tho fort. Wo anticipated hot and terrible work. Tho flagship lod tbo way and was approaching within rnngoy whon Lioutonant-commander B-— — , of my ship, ordered all handB_to__mUBtQr.__Tho-brawny-tniM gathered, aft on tho quarter- duck, with thoir officers Iu thoir usual places, our cotmnaudor com racocod to read from tho hook tho "Prayor before .buttle." It was a soloino momont; nouo know who or how many amongst ub might ho ushered into tho prosenco of tho God of battles. When about; half way through, a signal was reported from tho flagship,— " Oomo . to anchor In your positions." When it wns ronil to our oommundur a stiddon revulsion of fooling camo over him. Throwing down tho prayer-book upon the lmtoh ho .exclaimed, "Well, I'll bo d d if I'm going b' pray if wo aiiit going to_ fight 1 Pipe down." -Ihoy-had-to-fighfh'owbvQr subsequently, nnd HQveral of that gallant shlp'o cunipony laid down Uiuy lives during their liritl and secuud utlacku ou tho lort.— Harper s Monthly. | 