BEHAVIOUR IN CHURCH. The Daily Telegraph has something to say on the subject of the behaviour of the colonial boys and girls In church : " The colonial boy and the colonial girl nuisance is irrepressible. It pesters society above ground like the ghost did Hamlet underneath. A correspondent, writing on behaviour in churches,' alludes incidentally to a development of the plague worthy of grave consideration, and to which we have called attention more than once before. His complaint is of the irreverence of the younger portions of the congregations assembled for the purpose of divine worship. At first the identity of the offence with the juvenile rough nuisance may not notporceptible,butakeon observer will soon detect the street Arab in the offender, despite his fashionable trappings. Scratch a Russian and you will find the Tartar beneath ; mountains did eat the young scoffers, over whom our correspondent sweeps, of the veneer of the milliner and the tailor, and you have the colonial youth. A touch of nature, the opportunity of a little disgraceful behaviour, makes the whole of Araby kin. The difference is simply one of situation, and not of nature. There is no such development of the hippocampus major as distinguishes man from the anthropoid ape. Arab the ragged wool boots outside the church ; Arab, with the Malacca cane, or the Grecian bend, gathers inside. These " chaff,' the attendants as they enter, the others criticise them inside, The one class enliven themselves outside during the temporary absence of their victims by war whoops and unseemly pranks ; the members of the other Bolaco them selves with giggling and chattering, slightly more irreverent and much more insane. The one class annoys the citizens, the other insults the worshippers. The origin of the one is paternal neglect, and it is impossible to trace the other to any different source. Possibly it may do good to describe the offence and the offenders thus specifically, for as the pride of man is lowered by pointing ' out his intimate relationship to the chimpanzee and the gorilla, the Church Arabs may blush with shame when they team they are only reproductions of the vulgar little boy' of the gutter." 