BURNING OF A PASSENtuER SHIP AND LOSS OF 120 SOULS. (saox TAE 8; A BHCIaTB, tPLY 12.) The destructionr of a ship by fire is at all times a most appalling spectacle, but when it is known that a number of fellow- creatures have also perished it beoJmes doqbly so; and in one of these terrible dramas the Mgrray (just arrived in our waters) played an important part, although she was powbrless to rescue many from tie devastating elements. Captain B egg gives a graphic description of the occurrence, from which is appears that on the night of May 26, in lat g3deg 40 min S., long 87deg 60min W,, one.of the hands at the masthead reported a sin. gular illumination astern, and on closer inppeaion thewefiection becamo more apparent, and after a very short interval .it was afrmed to bhe a ship on fire. In order to elearly ascertain the truth, the Murray's uourse.was obhnged,. andall sail mide. Tne distance was than computradt:30. m les, and vftcr sailing for an hour it was immediately seen to be a vessel on fire, and in the exoeesive darkness of the night it was indeed a nmot aipalling epectaole, as a nearer ap oroach disolosid the form of a large ship being de roured by the flames, which shot high aloft, !'gbting up for an immense distance the surrounding gloom. \- ·;)·rtnrl ...ir ý". t. . m -- - ... .. - ?| ,,m ,? ,---.?" .. .. At 2 a.m. the distance was considerably lessened, and he Murray closed with the baruiug wreck, havine e raeviusly prepared her bauts for lowering, with I ands at the dvirfalls, and every possible arrange-. i. ment was made to meet the emergencies of the cas". SThen a bitter cry came from the watery darkness, and the boat was lowered, maintopeail hove back, and a t gallant crew pulled away into the shade of night to wads the sound. There was found a water-logged a boat, with four" men clinging to her, whilst every e wave rolled completely over. them. gSubsequently, it was known that this boat had been lowered from the burning ship, and a rush of passengers had been made to her; consequently she filled, and only four survivors were left to tell their miserable tale, The ,f Murray remained close to the burning speotao!e until a daylight, when she. stood towards the vessel, which Ias one mass of dfime fr,m stem to stern. H-r e mastswera gone, and the deck fore and aft added fuel to the fire, and as day dawned it was seen with delight that three other vessels had been attracted to Y t oe scee, and as the ship drifted down on her, people a were seen clinging to a wreck of floating spara which a hung to windward. A schooner was near, which sent a way a boat to assist, and the Murray's bolts were also engaged in the work of resoue. Although a strong breeze was blowing all but two were taken off. n At this juncture the wind and sea inoreased, so as to d render it impossiole to make further exertions, and the two unfartunarea were in such a positionthat the boats could not get near them, aird they seemed q cite exhausted and insensible to the offor a beine made to save them. The whole scene was of a most exciting and lamentable character, as from subsequent inquiries e it was found that the ill-fated ship was the .unnin r Batbino, an Italian barque, hound from Genoa to the River Plate, with 150 passengers on board besides the prew. On comparing notes afterwards 'it was found that ov r 120 were li4t by fire and water, Ot 1 o urse, want of an intimate knowledge of their Ian, r gua~e rendered it difficult to obtain minute details a from tie survivors, but it was understood that fire e from the cook's galley had by some means ignited tle deck and the combustion of tie ca-g , which was mainly spirte, was a very rapid process. The fora f end of the veeol early blew up, scanning the entire 1 foremast and tear over to windward; and to this providential circumstance may be attributed the sal. vation of the few saved, for the roves, sails, spars, and gear served as a kind of raft on which they were buoyed till assistance arrived. The vessels in attendance were the Fre ch bha q e A:ele Louiasa, I from Bordeaux to the River Patre; the Frentch t barq e ('aldere, from U?,?re; and a Dutch schooner homeward bound. Capt.in Begg sent his boat to the Alele, which weas ail.ng to the destination of the unfortuna'ea, and he offaral t, tranship those r r-scued, supposing the master was inclined io take them on. A supp y of provisio a and clor?ee tol nlowed, and finally a subscrii)tion amongst the pas sengers supplemented the offer, whi'hi was a ,isfac. torily arranged, and after a cople of days detention the Murray filldl away on her e oures When the ships parted c mptamy the ill faed craft had burhel 3 down to the water's ed?e, the sea msIking a half I braoh over some parts of hr. and a heavy 8.8.1E gale was anticipated, consequently it is reasonahle to suppos' that had the seaeisanme n-t arrived whin it di-. there would have been no e arvivors from the doomed ship. AuMnger the sved were two ladies To those who were iinjured the doo'nr of the M urr y attenr:ed, with a view to alleviate their suf, rinse. The wh.le affair was ofa most harrowing desor pti.,n, but from the inability of the su:vivore to spook English the above are the only facts to hand. Fromn Mr faplhu, wh'e arrived in toon 'yesterday f from Fingal, we hear that a murderous assault was committed at Mengana, on Monday aftern,orn, the vioim of which is very unlikely to survive. We also re'aived e specid message from our ii iart Town correspondent, styling the af'air a nourch!r, from which we as.ume that informs'ion mist have rea-lied the capital of the man's death. Tne particulars of the Oase ar- very distressing. It ensears that two yoiug meo, named Johnetone and llsrrngron were en gaged tc work the c~iai:i of Mesera Watohborn and Pike, known as the Liverpool proopeetin- party. On Monday tery had a quarrel which endei in blwse, when Harrinoton stru,k Johnstone th-ee lim~as on the heel with a p?eo, inflinotig ghl tly woen a and ex posing the brain. Jo.nalon,. was conyvByrd to Finual in a state of insensi -,liry, and hl i not sp'.ken from the time of the assault un it Mi Lupicu l~!t; ilneed the medical matn was greatly aurprias d at his lingering so long. Tie affair oroetid great exc;tement at Man gaene, Harrington at once went to Fingal and gave himself up, and now remains in gaol there. Both men are respectably connuecta 1. Johnstone being re lated to IEr Johns one, the well known s'evedore .?td cooper, of Hoaart Town; and Harrington to Nir F J Pike, tbe shoemaker, of Liverpool street, H'bart Town, Johnstone was for some time resident at Broadmarsh, and had only rece.tly returned from the Thames gold.fieldrl. Harriinton was a printer, and had been connected with tho mechanical staff of the Hobart Town Mercuryc We shall, doubtless, hear full particulars in a few days. The Sonilh Australian A Iver ider of the a13th inst. says :-The following informs i o, which we believoe to be perfeccly reliable, has j;us comn to hand respect ing a new discovery at the Barossa diggings ;--"Great news here. We have made the fliaest discovery since the field has been opened. Mr Clementsa' party have discovered a cement hill in Green Gully, near the crushing machines, which has yieldel a prospect to, day of 5dwt. to little more than half a bucket, equal to 0ls per too. There is a large extent of similar country adjacent to that. This promises to be a most valuable discovery. The exciremeont on the diggings is tremendous. I suppose there must have been o00 man to see the prospect tiken, and there are hundreds of olains perged out. Fr.>m all I have saeen of it I think that Barossa will be gi'eater in three months than it has ever boon," It is aso very s.llom that a man dies and ovnes to life again as ehort time dIterwards that wham a start ling fact similar to this does occur it is g nerally worth chronicling. 1 asems, acoorsig t, theColes Observer, that amen named samuelTalb t, a laborer, residing in Colhe, becoming esuddeoly indisposed, the services of Dr Rae are called in, and after the usual medicaliospection the mant was ordered to bed, and the dootor departed to obtain the necesaary remedios. While away a me-sag was sent to him tm-a Talbot had suddenly shuffid off this mortal oil; and be lieving the statement to be true, though somewhat surprised, he drew out the neceasary certif..ata seats oing the cause of death. The friends of the supposed deceased man immediately took the necessary steps for the funeral, the undertaker and the registrar of deaths having been informed of the mournful event, and no doubt ohuokling at the thought that business i- theirline was looki,,ng up. In the house where Talbot was laid "straight out upon his b-d," was gathered a nunrerof women, and mourning and lamentation oou'd be heard, the friends weeping for the poor man, and would not be coaffortid. When lo! Talbot opened his eyes, and stared around him with marvellous surprise at the scenawhich was being enacted in his house. Of course, the wonen, screamed and covered their faces and formed all manner of thoughts about ghosts, and it was afterwrards found that l'albot had merely swooned away, and had been In a sort of trance for a number of bouns. The nn. dertaker was c:ompelled to deist making the colin, theregistrar destroyed his certifoate, and the doctor indulged himsa!f rwith a hearty good laugh. Tue joy of the fiimds can, of course he barter imagined than described. CzoQi AZkfNo,-The nimble finger and the dex, tSerous hand have hitherto been held the only tools to wrap and shape tobacco leaves is to the orthodox form of the cigar. But just as it wase found that fiugers were not the most eco: omioal manipulators of the sewing .needle, so it is now dawning upon the labrioators of choice Havinnabs that hurman digits may be proflably superseded by mochanism for bunquhing, binding, and wrapping tue cigare. Eighteen dollars a thousand is a 'long price to pay for mere labour; -ansod we are told that that is about the cost for making prima cigars, to say nothinig of the tax upon the master manufacoturer infltcted by hls handsr, who each smoke some eight or ten weed, per diem. No wonder machinery should be thought of. It is rttoer surprising its aid was not invoked long ago i but its time has come, and a cigar machine company has started wisth a fiourish in New York. The ima plement they manufaeture has been reduoed'to its present state of compactness and practicability by the combined agency-of seven simplifying pstents. Its essential parts are two paira of parallel rollers, ranged one pair over the other, and with their surfacee hol. lowed to a conoavity corresponding to the desired outline of the igar to beformed. These rollers are set rotating by a little wheelwork, driven by a treadle, like a seeing maohine I end aben a buish of ohbaecco leaf is placed between them it is rapidly turned and pressed into the pr per spindle form. A strip of flue strong led is then gummed along one edee and inserted at one end of the maehi'e; this is instantly coi'ed round the shaped mass of leaves and twisted to a point, and the oi ar is finished. A. cording to the above quoted cost for handmaking, there ought to be a savine of something like three shillings on a hundred. This is vood news for smokers, at all events,-Once a Week, Oox[roRT POR THU LowLri.-Are you envious of the great, the eminent, the distinguished ? Tbink of only a few of the penalties of greatness, of the extra weight it has to carry, and your feelings will change from envy and jealousy to pity and compassion. Refl at on what you essape by being humble, obsoure, insignificant, and small, and be content with your allotment in life: For a safinple--You escape having to preside at public dinners and meetings; to make speeches and move resolutions, and respond to the toasts of your health. You escape having to .put your name down for 'subscriptioin considerably be yond your means, and for objects to which you are utt3rly indifferent. You escape seeing yourself painted at full length (by Tipp Topp, R.A.) on the walls of the Royal Academy, and hearing the some what plain.spoken remarks of the compiny on your attitude, expression, and features. You escape gazing at your own photograph in the shop windows, bounded by a dancer in short skirts on one side, and by a notorious criminal on the other. You escape persecution for your autograph, monogram carte.1e. visits, and possibly fjr a piece of your hair. You escape being the suhj cts of false and scandal)us paragraphs in the newsp spers. You escape testi monials. You escape laying first stones; inspecting hospitals, prisons, and luna io asylums; having ad dresses presented to you, and being received by the local authorities. You escape knigi thood. You escape levees, receptions, and uniforms And, finally, you eeoepa the publication of the contents of your will; you escape having your life written, and your private letters given to the world; and-greatest deliv'rance of all--yuu escape a publie statue- If the Toronto Globe is not hoaxed, or hoaxing, (remarks the Pall "Jall Gi Jtte) the Canadian House of Commune wtmesee I last month an extraordinary soene of Parliamentary "high jink," "Sir G E Cartier being asked by an hon member to repeat ce tain re, marks which he had made "amid great laughter, repeated his nbjettions in French." The hon Sand fiel Maecdonald immediately rose, and to the astone ishm-nt of the House proceede1, amid roars of merriment, to speak in the Gaelic language. Sir J E Cartier again flloewed in Latin, and managed with the assist rmee of Sir John A Macdonald, to call to order in tht tanglgage the hon member for Simooe. H' then aid he wo id soeak in G eek and t' pro creeded tojumble together a do-un Greek words havimg no ,onnAetion with each other, and finishing with a so up of E,'m '," Mr Levtrconte, in Spanish, I ltd it was time the discussion should cease, Sir John A Mo.donIld, assented- in what language we are not inform d. Th. dehate was closed by the hin Mr Abbott objecting to the employment of the. Oiooeaw I ,uguage in serious debate. According to the Kynetmn iDie-dian, "app.ehen slont aro entertain-d ttat a vomain, wh.o has resi led about Malmsbury for a considerable time, narnel Mrs Harper, has committed suicide. She was formerly a respectable and well a ondunted woman, bur during one of the rushes to New Z'aland her husband left Malmebury for that colony, and since his depar'ure she has taken to drinking and other bad c, ures. She was drinking heavily the greater part of lsit week, and on Saturday last she rem arked to one neigh'our that she was ging to throw herself into the river, and to another that h?. was the let time s se would be seen alive. A, ese left her hom t on the Sdatur lay, and, so far as aon be ascertained, site has never hb en seen since, there is too much reison to bdlier she has carried her threat into .foot. Nit p,lice have made d.l.gent search in ev ry troction but have n t succeeded in flwhnu the faintest trae of the m:esig woman. Sue nas left two or three you mg oail, dren." It is satisfactory to know that the strike which took place at the Alfred Grrvirg Dook nearly four mo-oths ago has now terminate. iMr Irons has conoeded the demandse f the workman for only eight hours' labour a day. On Saturday 4i ,xcavators were bary at work, and a number of others was engaged to com' mance operations this morning. The onditions upon which they are emplore1 are, the' the old hatnds and superior workmen thould bh paid T7 a day, and ini ferior-workme 6' a day. Toe rmaons will oommence operations to day, and i is likely that by Wednesday or Thursday there will be upwards of 200 people at 'work in th- d ok. It appears that the statemrnt made by CMr j1'Kesn ie the L gislative Assembly the other night, to the effect that IHisars Irons and Co had reduced the price of stone 21 per foots is wholly incorrect; The facts of the matter are that the con. tractorP, finding that they were having tio niuo s' 6f the large ashler atone nrquired for the outside of the dock, and too little of the smaller or hearting stone, reduced the price of the ashlar id per foot, and in. creased that of the hearting Id per foot, in order that they might receive the stone in the proieortions re quired. That course was adopted beouse greaet ineonvenienoe, and to soma extent loss, was caused by the o2ntraotora receiving large quantities of stone on the ground at the dock, which was ocoueyiog needful space, and impeding operations. They have now on the ground at least 200,O000t. of stooe which they will not tise during the ncxt four or fire months. A living female iofat, about a fortnight old, was found ot Fidoy evening inside the gate of the lon We. Highet.'s retidence, Rijhmond, Toae obhild was fair omplexioned, with dark hair, and was dressed in a linen cheaise, with two white flannel wrappsrs, a new white cotton nightgown, plain make, an old white nuelin frock, open work on skirt, and emr broidered body, a new square of sorlet flannel, a no head flannel secalloped and worked with white worsted and a ticket on is with figures t and (. A sheet of note paper attached contained the following in a woman's handwriting :-" 0· dor, for God's sake, be kind to my dear babe, for her broken hearted mother will ,t.t forsake her lbag, but must, as I have no f is ride cr relations, and my lass shilling gone, Call hr B-*atricr, You shall hear from me as soon as I earnsoms money, From the moat unhappy creature inexristeno?." t' e child was on Saturday remanded by the local Benah in order that the police might maske inquiries. The iszzinian agents have renawed their murd:. rous attempts on the Pontifloal troops, and a plot rivalling that of Serristori in its str.,oity was lately discovered. The barrack Cimarra, opposite the Ohuroh of San Loreas) in Paneperea, and close to 8ta Maria Maggiore, has been oeoupied during the last six months by the desot company and regimental sohools of the Lpgion of An'ibes. On a recent night a slight noise gin the vaults below the building attracted the attention of the sentry. He gave the challenge, and, recboeiving no answer, alarmed his comrades, A search was made, and a mine, ready for firing, in which was placed a large barrel of powder, was discovered5 It had been hastily abaacs doned on the alarm being given, and picks, shovels, and a lantern being left on the floor. The work bore witness to scientifice knowledge, and must; it is said by those competett to judge, have been done by practised engineers t it was ipliaced in a perlsoetly oen teal position, and, if exploded, would have destroyed nearly 800lives? Several arrests were made this morning inconsequence, but the authors of the at tempt appear to have escaped by the subterranean passages with which the district abounds: The .Da.Zeord Mer"r.t, mn enumerating the members of wnose presence it hopes the next Legis: lative Assembly may be purged, says --" No elector of this district can read without shame of the freaks in whioch r Frazerso often indulges in the House after dinner, and it wil] be a lasting disgrace to us if we send him into P-riliament again. Then there is h;s collesgue, convicted sn his own admission of one of the most seandrlous actes which a publio or private man could commit-that of tempting another to vio late the land law that a brothenin-law of br Miller's mIight he benefittad. Gammon informers are de spised the world over, but it weas reserved for Mr Miller to show how lw a member of Parliament couldeink by acting in the capacity. It is soarcely likesy that he will have the assurance to offer himself again for a post for unioh he is qualhfied neither by integoigenoe, educatio, sor obaraoter. But if ha shabould have the hardihood to do so, the conitituenoy must tea.h him a les-on in Pubiic morality that he will not forget, by ignominiorely rejecting h m. Th'n it is to be hoped the ilrext election will free us from Mr M'Lellan and Mr Davies, both of whom dieturb the decorum of the aouse, without possessing any merits that might lead us to tolerate the impropriety ; and Mr M'K.au, who may be honest, h?a is a 45, pendous blunderer, a legislative bore, and a ni n of the very worst kind. Mr Stutt comes in the unl octeaory as Mr Miller, sid has clearly a nth et. House solely for the pecuniary perquisites , s cunning man in Parliament can secure, ev ih absence of payment of members The brot Copi, too, mu t be gotlidof, for they asi eimpni ignorant to represent any educated mn ---' tW too stupid to profit by the opportunities off' of remedyine their deficiencies. Mr Jon s * abler oeraonage than we have in'luded in th list, bat his political reputationis ruined fo eyc is to be regret'ed that one of his undoubted ~,. should have oommitted f#lk dso as a obMliPit bat he ha na one bnt himself to blime fo ' fate." 1 rfo hi In continuation of the narratiVe of the Ius o I boat, with six men, of the lobooner Daph.., wil sealing at the Auckland Islands, we obe, while Boyd, one of the three men who returled , I th osrgill, stated that while the party wie laer seBling at Part BIs, tiey flsuid fre t, within a short distance of where one waa ?O by Orois, t~e master of the Flying 0oad, ?ie went to relieve 'Optain Wusigravell pi'rt, w duly iterr d these sad relics, whioh they iap were those of people from the Invercauld (the . vessel known to have been lost at the Islands). whaleboat in which the six men left wa an oMo0 about 2flt, long. and, alhough apnarently in s repair, hbd invariably leaked a good deal afthd , tainisg the strain of cross seas or tide rips mej ei on the coast. The men, he esys, disliked heb; b4 as we have seer, their misgivings did not dehr; from putting to ses in her. Moss, thbme mat well known as an expert whaler and boa'imn, l the others were experienced hands Ashwv.ii; relied up in to guide fthe party to the scene of t wreck "f the General Grant, and was very o(anite~t as to the renslt. Boyd further states the depot of stores at Port Ross had been opened, anr the tindsri box, matches, fishbiookk, powdtr, musket, blit exposed to the wet, which had spoiled them, OCl tain Riatsan, of the Oreti. reported somewrht t this effect on h:s return from the Aucklandi in lierl last. The articles were taken on board the Daph~ and it was their intention to have repla-el thne t others ; hut it was frustrated by nsuhq tent eventl If by any oh-une the boar's cew survive, and iar reanhed Port R .s sinop the 3 phae left. they woual have no geit d ffculry i i ,btaining f)od, as rasits and pies abound, and goits are met wibh onas*. ally. T'*e s'hoonet DohnR will be rPmm hrNm d b the the vesel asaad nt Fiji as a sasrer by i.U,$s R.,s rio. A publio meeting was hastily coavenid t1 Inveroargill, to consider what steps should be tal, to search for the mieing men. A oirn nittee Wu appointed, and the G neral G''ernmeit telfegIsoRt that they would proviee funds to the extent of LL? Tt was thereupon determined, with the onnourrencr of the seeats of the Daphne, t) s'nl her back prol perly manned and equipper without delay, It i.s understool t'iat Captain Thomponi, harbour emuter at the B uff, would he empnwared to make th- na cessary arrangements, thae a crew was in rea inet, and that, in all probability, 'h Da eD o wol' be realy to sail on the day to which our hst nwi (Ju'y 6) orries us A cas'*f slici 1- hy polsimnve i h tlken Dlea it Bel ait, whare A ice, the w.f- o' Adam Ol ende, i h.ker, tsr ninael her existence in thil way oi: Thureday lIst. In I i evidence at tf' inqgi'? ha htiharind sfke ,af hivint noticed altera-i in hisl wife's mirner lately, aid sa'-l:-"On Tursdint morning she to'd me that wtI tre lht tise shil would go to bed, As there were air polio-men o in : to take her awar. Arter 8 o'clook *h' rut th? paper h., ri iz the olemist's larel, I Stry.hn:n . poison, into my and. She had a t-assp ,o in Ar land and a j i in the other, atd I notical o, thing like wh tp piwler an h*r lip. [ i nneistel»l 1 guessed that s'i hi'l poisoned 'eprtelf. Ir, *wv isb tTo houri after takinz thte p ism thit she eidl The n ise -roioi-d is in her Fa li rit n,, and 9l taken out of her picket Aft-r s~ le i.-'l), Adam.-f asinot dare to liv, aiyv l], er I it take poison this nigit. If it doos not ',ae if i will you f,,riive me? Sen] dear. Wilie to Mh Barkley. and take Ol0 rlov to Melbojrne. I ti; rna'i.-Yurs A 0.'" The na n' mnntioned s!l'. t'ose of he" children. The ju-y found that che ~1r' of unszuni mini. c,( 