OUR ADELAIDE LETTER (From our own C<»responden.t.). ' ' ^ .. ' April 2.1870. The second batch of nominations has gone off and still the Hon. John Colton is out in the cold. Rumour has it that he is to stand for Stanley, but the ghosts of the 2d. tax," and Is. lOd. a rod per day, will haunt him even in that con stituency, and he' will hare' a sorry de feat* ^ Such at least is the general im pression. There is of course a con test in all the districts, and; in. the majority of them a three-cornered-one. W. A. E. West, your quondam candidate,' has for his opponents Messrs. Cheriton and Eamsay» local men, and popular, arid once more he is likely to be rejected. The progress of events at Port Adelaide, renders it increasingly difficult to predict; who are the favourites. Whatever the result may be will, cause'little surprise. It is quite on the cards that both Hart and Hughes, "should;- have to strike their Colors and yield to their untried antago nist. ; In the .: meanwhile the Treasurer and the Register are butting.away at each .other upon a question of the former's consistency and truthfulness. He has been in his Peninsular campaign promising with great effusion all that a needy con stituency could suggest. He would make the miners land holders, provide them with alLthe conveniences of an advanced civilization, construct them a 60 mile tramway to Clare, to supply them,with \£heat and-fresh vegetables. The Register rudely dispelled this visk>u of bright things existing in the cloudlatid of the Treasurer's future by referring;the elec-. tors to the past. Three months ago he had an opportunity of voting for this said railway and voted directly against it; whence his speedy conversion P Disgusted at being found out, Mr. Hughes de nounced the literary showman with the virtuous indignation which comes natural to him, seasoning his retort with a good doal.of vituperation, which does not come natural to him. Cousin Jack, with all his simplicity, has some regard to con sistency, and it remains to be proved whether he will accept the plausible. Treasurer for better or for worse. In Guraeracha the struggle has degene rated into one of men with a vengeance. The electors and jEbenezer are at hope less issue as to the means of the latter, and extraordinary effort has been made to show that he is financially and morally unfit to occupy the position to which he aspires-in fact that the very aspiration is an impertinence worthy of the most condign punishment that a constituency can' inflict. At a meeting at Gumeracha one evening last. week, the personal character of the conflict reached its culminating point. An array of accusers 'attended to drag from the candidate such admissions as he was willing to make, j and to prove what he declined to admit. | Ebenezer was defiant, and commenced, continued, and concluded his speech with i a vigorous attack upon the slanderers who were striving to injure him in the eyes of the constituents.' The effect of his xiratory upon the audience was rather confusing. _ His grandest climaxes were greeted with bursts of uncontrollable laughter. His most Johnsonian sentences were interrupted by remarks relevant and irrelevant, encouraging and depreca tory^ issuing from friend and foe indis criminately.. The interpolations were taken m good part, and those who were present on the oecasion say the fun was as genuine and uproarious as any pro voked by a burlesque upon the stage. Mr. A.-G., Downer is Mr. Ward's rival, and although he' entered the district as j an unknown -man, he has made many friends. Of: course/Arthur Blyth, who by the way arrived'in the colony after a -three-year*^' absence, will head the poll, and. there will be a close run.for- second place; Ebenezer is said more su6 to be losing ground' daily, and any majority that intended to support him will, it is now'believed, repent in time to be saved the. unavailing regret of returning such a man as a representative; The Light Protestants have committed their cause into the hands of Mr. E. A. Hamilton, who is, with Mr. Pearce, to run Mr. J. G. Daly out of the field. Whether the design will succeed is more than doubtful. Mr. Daly was early in the field; he-has produced a good im pression by his addresses; he has kept the.cloven foot-if he had one-judi ciously out of sight; the Catholics are strong in the district, and not all Pro-; testants will refuse Jh.im theii1 support. It is quite probable, therefore^ that he will get a seat. Encounter Bay has pitted against the old members two local men, Lindsay and Wentzel,. Mr.'Doke having prudently enough retired. Odds are freely offered upon Messrs. Blyth and Everard, and Onkaparinga is delivered oyer to Mr. Playford, a resident politician, Dr. Weld, and a German absentee, Mr; Krichauff. The two former are likely to the toss. Mr. Coglin has treble banked himself by getting nominated for Victoria and Flinders as well as West Adelaide. He declares that he made an j honest effort to withdraw the other nomi [ nations when elected for West Adelaide, but was unsuccessful. No great harm is likely to result from his excess of anxiety to return to the Assembly. Judah Moss Solomon has gone to the Burra, where he will have three lawyers to oppose.. His chance is certainly as good, as either of theirs. Mr. Walter DufEeld has now definitely announced himself a candidate for Barossa, so that a contest in every district is assured. ThQ Advertiser announces that Parlia ment ia to be summoned a week or two after the return of the T?linders* writ. My own belief is thkt it will not be called together until about the 20th of May. This will bring it to within - a few days of the end of the month, and the Ministry j will hope to be entrusted with additional supplies. Their further programme, as it has appeared in a country organ in their interest? is to ask the House to agree to a recess of two or three months to enable them to prepare their measures. Ac cording to this plan the real session will begin at the end of July or August. They no doubt wish they may get it, but per sonally I should not bo at all surprised to see the Houses resume where they left off last session, and renew their appeal to Sir James to dismiss his advisers. The Ministry are prepared to go through whatever feats of legerdemain may enable them to. retain office. . They have un limited faith in their capacity to hood wink1 and lead over to their party the new members, but they must not confide too much: in human gullibility. The,best thing that could happen for the. Ministers now in 'office would., be for the Port people to"reject the.Treasurer. There would bo then fair pretence for a reconstruction,' and the Parliament: might be appeased by thia expedient. Sir James ]f?ergusson is going off holi day-making again. This time Tasmania is to be|hiis-destination, Where he will fall in with his old political associate, Mr. DuCane. His Excellency has certainly, not the same idea of the engrossing re sponsibilities of official life that some of , his predecessors have had. 