ADELAIDE. \- . MONDAY. the Government, in reply to a deputation from the unemployed, promise trenching at 3 s. a day, and work at the diggings and at the south-eastern drain- age works. The election writs are out for four batches. First election takes place on the 28th March, and the last return of writ is on May 4th. Mr. Reynolds has announced his intention not to present himself as a candidate. Mr Strangways meets the West Torrens electors on Tuesday, r Breadstuffs dull. A SENSATIONAL YARN INDEED. Ghost stories are beginning to lose interest, people not being so credulous as they were in days of yore ; the scribe is often put to his was end for " something new, and hence we have some remarkably curious discoveries. But the following, from the Monaro Mercury, is about the best we have seen : " An anecdote of an extraordinary character has been current in Cooma during the past few weeks and as it is given out by a gossip in town as " gospel truth," we venture to publish the outlines, leaving them to be discussed by our readers. Some few years back a young Couple on Monaro took it into their heads to be made one " for better, for worse." After a respectable period of time had elapsed, they were blessed with a family remembrance that left no doubt as to its paternity, filling the hearts of its parents with great joy, as should always be the case. Of course the little one would have to be christened. Here the first little difficulty" presented itself, the blest parents being of different persuasions. The head of the family asserted his privileges and demanded that the pretty stranger should be baptized in the faith orthodox of his forefathers. To this his "better half " demurred (there is not a married reader who can doubt it the lady adding that she " would sooner have the arm cut off her before she would have it christened In another Church." In the end the lady came off victorious in the marital contest. We need not go to the length of recording in print the name of the fairy innocent " bone of contention;" suffice it to say that it is still alive and kicking. Now, the strangest part of the story comes. Anothorchild was born unto this happy household-to be sure, there is nothing stall singular about such an occurrence as that. But the aforesaid " gossip" declares that the second olive branch is minus of that part of the arm which should be attached to the elbow. A recent christening at a church in Cooma was the means of bringing this mysterious affair to light, and we have as yet no cause for doubt- ing the accuracy of the narrative, as it was given in all sincerity and with many pious ejaculations," 