THE MERCURY. UOyDAY MORNING, SEPT. 20, 1870. All doubt as to the truth of the War News received via, California is at an end. When war was declared, the cry of Franco was " On to Berlin." Berlin has been reached, but by one Frenchman. That Frenchman is Louis Napo- leon, and he lias arrived there, not as a con- queror but a prisoner. The Emperor has sought from that Kin« and nation whom it was his desire to humble, a protection from his way- ward subjects ; and he has found an asylum in Berlin, which ho had meant to be, if not the theatre, the goal of dazzling victories on which ho had hoped to consolidate his dynasty. How true is it that man proposes but God disposes. History affords no prior instance of reverses so sudden and complete. On the 19th of July Louis Napoleon proclaimed an unprovoked and unjust war, amidst tho plaudits of the people of France, who wero prepared to follow him to the death. Unlimited supplies were voted, and an army of several hundred thousand men en- thusiastically took the field, to uphold Napoleon in a war which he undertook, as the only moans of silencing his enemies at home. He pandered to tho passions of Frenchmen, with whom the intoxication of victories has ever been tho surest passport to their confidence and allegiance. Well knowing their love for military daring, and imprudently forgetting his want of military skill, Napoleon himself took his placo at the head of ono of the largest and most confident of armies that Franco has evor sent into tho fiold. His slightest holiest was supremo law ; and in the Legislativo bodies of tho Nation, his advisers obtained an almost unanimous vote of confidence. Yet ore tho same day of tho following month was reached, the Minister lied from the scene of his proud triumph " pale, terrified, and ruined"; and tho Emperor, who had attempted to make that Ministor tho scape-goat for tho people's sacrifice, was defeated at ovory point ; " con- sidered his caso hopoless, and surrendered at discretion" ; was tho prisoner of his enemies ; his people, who could never boar defeat, turned on him ; and the man whom victory would havo made a god in France, is dethroned ; his dynasty deposed, a Republic proclaimed, a pro- visional Government formed, and probably a Dictator reigning in the Emperor's stead. The tale reads, not liko a chapter in history, but as a phantasmagorical display-the shifting repre- sentation, following in close succession, of a series of historical, but wide apart incidents. To trace tho record of ovonts is not our pur- pose. Thoir salient features aro given in the telegraphic Summaries which appear in our columns ; that via Suez bringing us down to the 5th day of tho presont month. Chronological order does not seem to bo much followed. It is, hero a little there a little ; but standing out pro- minently from amongst the somewhat chaotic details, wo have tho one fact that Napoleon is defeated, a prisoner, and no longer Emperor of Franco. But it is the Empire, not Franco, that has boon subdued ; and there is but too much reason to fear that we havo only road the first chapter of tho war which,' commenced by tho Emperor for personal purposes, is not likely to ceaso with his downfall. Tho slumbering hato of tho two traditionally hostile Powers having been aroused, and '* let slip tho dogs of war," bloodshed and carnago have not had their fill. A continuance of hostilities is the ono thing on which only wo can roly. To hazard a conjecture as to the future would be peculiarly perilous whore events follow in such rapid succession as to outstrip comment. But it is impossible not to indulge in such conjectures, futile though thoy may be ; and it is a subject of no small con- gratulation that England's course is matter of history, and that there is no room left for fearing her becoming ontanglod in tho strife. Danger to tho ,'peaco of Europe may be said to have coased, and the belligerents must bo allowed to fight out their own quarrels. In neutrality, England has lost nono of her honour. Sho has maintained hor position with firmness and diguity, forcing her power to bo felt, and com- manding tho respect of those from whom she demanded the observance of obligations. Eng laud, as guaranteer of Belgium's indopendonco, could not allow Napoleon to extend, as ho desired, his frontiors in that direction. Tho existonco of Belgium is England's protest against military despotism; and in support of that protest England was propared to go to war. Wo road accordingly, that "Mr. Gladstono declared that England would fight for the indopendonco of Bolgiuin." Noithor Power was in a position to havo England thrown into tho scalo against it, and thus England's bold and firm policy secured tho re-guarantee by Franco and Prussia of Belgium's indopondeuce, for which, if necessary, England would, doubtless, havo preferred fighting on her former battle fiold, tho plains of the Netherlands, to pusillanimoitsly waiting,and thereby incurring tho risk of war being transferred to tho banks of tho Thames. England's position remains firmer, if possible, than ever. It is notons morely of strength-England lias not only let her power bo felt in the proper way and at tho propor timo, but has laid tho basis of a, probably, lasting peace, in tho respect of tho othor European powers. Tho neighbouring Colonies who wore so valiantly pre- parad to resist an attempt on the part of England's oneinios, not likely to be made, nnd which tho puny oftbrts of the Colonies could not have resisted if made, may now rest from thoir laboura. Tho agent of Victoria neod no longor romain at Gallo, and instead of rushing to Mel- bourne with tho first tidings of England's complication in tho war, may return with tho satisfaction of knowing that ho does not bring tidings which could only alarm ; and tho valour of Now South Wales in tho samo direction has boon displayodundor the mostfavourablo circum- stances. No tost has been applied. We, from tho first, placed no rolianoe in the sufficiency of anything tho Australian Colonios could do to ropol an onomy, and wo now congvatulato thom on being released from thoir watchful care. AVhile roliovod of all anxiety as to England and hor Dependencies,wo view with bated breath the vast issues that havo yot to bo decided in regard to Franco and Prussia. As we havo said, the blow struck has beon inflicted on tho Empire, not on France, which, however much taken by surprise, has not boon dismayed by tho past dis- asters. It was anticipated that the battle in front of Metz would prove dooisivo. It has dono so, but only to Napoleon. The Frenoh seem as eager for tho war with Prussia as over. While tho Prussians, taking advantage of thoir victories, aro marching to Paris, the Citizens aro preparing to repol tho threatened attack, and ^two now armies aro baing raised, with the intention of wiping away tho remembrance of tho past dis- asters, and again carrying triumphant tho Eagles of Franco ; and while the French Chamber is echoing with the plaudits created by a declara- tion that Paris will bo defended in the forts, in tho 8treots, and from house to house, and that rather than surrender, the citizens will bury thoinsolvos in its ashes, thoro are plain indications that France will not limit its opera- tions to remaining on the defensive. Louis I Napoleon, as we said last week, commenced, ' at the head of the French 'army, where his uncle finished, by fighting on French soil, in each case with the worst results ; but it does not follow that because the first Natoleon, after the battle of Jena, marched triumphantly on Berlin, the Crown Prince of Prussia will be able to follow up tho battlo of Metz by as thoroughly subduing France as Napoleon then did Prussia. We fear that a fearful struggle has yet to be fought out, and the Prussians have to guard against that over confidence which has proved so disastrous to France on the present occasion. We re-called attention a few days ago to the sad consequences to Franco that followed a former occupation of a part of Franco by Prussia. So far, what wo thon anticipated as probable-a Republic-has already been established ; but in the cause of humanity let us hope the parallel will stop here, and that we are not destined to see again established a reign of terror. Indeed we may rest assured, so different is the tone of public feeling both beyond and within Franco, that there is no reason to apprehend such horrors asfollowedtherevolutionofl792,soinauspiciously referred to by the new Republic. But strange crimes have been done, and may bo done, under the regime of "liberty, equality, and fraternity,' which, almost as surely as a Republic might have been looked to as following the Emperor's rever- ses, may be calculated on as but a transition state. On what the something beyond may bo, it would be hazardous to speculate. The provisional Directory will sooner or later fall out among themselves, and France, sick of internal strife, may again seek a Crowned Head, in which caso wo doubt not, if his present defeat and surrender of himself to Prussia has boen accompanied by no act that can make France blush for a Napoleon, thero are not a few who beliove that "tho still strong man" whose iron will has kept France at peace for well nigh a quarter of a century, may again turn the revolution to his own advantage. Much stress is laid on tho fact that the name of Napoleon, though now obscure,will, even should the star of the family be apparently set for over, bo long dear to Franco. Where else, it ¡ will be asked, than in that family would Frenchmen now look for a ruler ? Who olao so competent to fill that throno to tho satisfaction of France as " tho man of destiny?" And it will be argued by Bonapartists, if the Emperor's sickness bo unto death, it is not improbable that France may look to England and recall the young Louis who at Saarbruck#" received his baptism of firo." But they who trust to the influence on Franco of the name of Napoleon, must not forget the wayward- ness of that nation, and that oven if tho repub- lic or tho anny should produco no candidate for tho throne, there aro the descendants of two Royal Houses waiting and watching. The princes of the elder branch of tho Bourbons havo boen lately seeking, of course with ulterior views, the rights of citizenship, and they found advocates of their claims. The Due n'AuMALE of tho Orleans brauch, fourth son of Louis Phillipe, probably anticipating the downfall of Napoleon, sought on tho present occasion to bo allowed to fight against Prussia. Tho throne of France will not, like that of Spain, go n begging. From tho abundance of claimants perilous timo3,wo fear,aro in store for tho Nation. With Prussia as a common enemy, contending factions may keep in nboyanco their several claims. Franco has first to deal with Prussia und thon, probably, will enter on tho more difficult task of dealing with herself. Meantime Louis Napoleon must remain tho prisonor of Prussia, a circumstance anything but favourable to his chances of rotrieving tho fortunes of his House. Following the clause as to timber licences to which we referred when last dealing with the new Bill for the sale and disposal of tho Waste Lands of the Crown, comes a clause authorising tho Commissioner from time to time to grant licences for any period not exceeding a year, entitling tho holders to reside on, or to cultivate any land, not exceeding five acres, on any gold- field, subject to the payment of such liconse fee, and upon such terms and conditions as shall be approved by tho Commissioner and set forth in such license ; no person being ontitled to hold more than one license. To this clauso in its every phase and aspect wo object. We can con- çoive no regulation more likely to bo irritating to minors, or to cause more trouble, jealousy, and, as a necessary consequence, litigation, among any mining population gathered in a limited area ; and not otherwise do miners congregate. Wo object to a minor having any residence license to pay. Wo object to his being under any circumstance allowed to lock up so large an aroa of ground as five acres. The minor's right, or under whatever other name may be dosignated the minor's authority to search for gold, ought to entitlo him to the occupation of a residence site, as well as the privilege to mine. Tho unalionated Crown Lands ought to be open to him to select his sphcro of labour, and a place on which to erect, freo from othor charge or impost, his tent, hut, or dwelling houso, in- cluding a portion to bo fenced off for gardon purposes. But while ho should bo entitled to this, ho ought not to bo allowed, under any cir. cumstancas, to play tho dog in the manger, [and, under protoxt of leasing for residence or culti- vation, to occupy five acres, to the exclusion of othors mining on it. We cannot seo why the ox psrionco of our neighbours in Victoria should be overlooked in this matter. In that Colony tho minor's right is to the miner an indefeasible title to his occupying, free of other chargo than that ho pays for his right-5s., a small plot of ground, on which ho may erect a placo in which to live, and grow himself, if ho chooses, a few vegetables. The extent of area allowed is not I moro than absolutely necossary ; not more, if wo mistake not, than an eighth of an acre ; and in somo of tho old established gold-fields mony a substantial house and noatly laid out and well fencod in gardon,may be seen on the ground held under this tenure. It is a very common occur ronco to find tho minor's residonco on ground under which another has the right of reef- ing, tho persons working the quartz finding it for thoir own interest to so carry on mining operations that tho surface bo not injured. To givo him moro than ho can personally cultivate, would bo no real boon to tho miner ; while by giving him tho right to tako up an aroa of sovoral aoros, a few individuals by com- bining, might bo nblo to compbtoly hinder the proper working of a gold-field. Let tho miner have his homo without charge ; but lot him not bo tempted to become a land speculator. If it is desired to oncourago such a spirit among the mining population as will lead them to become small farinera, lot thom have land in tho neigh- bourhood of a gold-fiold, but not on it ; and as what is often considered the neighbourhood of a gold-fiold may bo proved to bo auriferous, the holder of any license for residence and cultiva- tion, should not bo permitted to prevent mining on his ground, subject to compensation far damages done by the prospector or miner. Next comos the olauso as to licenses for pas- toral purposes. Underit, the Commissioner "shall issue" to tho persons who shall at the commence- ment of the Act be in the occupation of runs, or others representing them, yearly licenses to occupy such runs, of an aroa, and at a rent, to be fixed by the Commissioner. There is something in- consistent in the wording of this clause. On the present oceupior,or representative of the oqoupier of a run is conferred an absolute right to demand a lioonso. Th« Commissioner " shall iaaue " the license ; and if to the occupier of a run, of course, to the occupier of the whole of it ; and yet in the concluding part of the same sen- : tence the area ia to be such as shall be deter- mined by the Commissioner. We acknow- ledge the difficulty of limiting the power of the Commissioner, but as he may fix the rent subject to certain general principles, and has the right of resuming possiesson, and selling or handing over the ground to miners, we conceive that the present holders of a run should be entitled to occupy the area they now hold, so long as their doing so does not entitle them to any advantage to the loss of the Treasury. It maybe questioned whether a yearly title is sufficient, but whatever insecurity may be thus caused, should not be increased by dread of the Commissioner capri- ciously limiting or changing boundaries. In pastoral, as in agricultural pursuits, security of tenureoughttobe,as much as possible,afforded to those engaged. Under Section 62, the Com- missioner, if ho has reason to believe that the rent originally fixed is too high or too low, may at any time after the date of fixing the rent, diminish or increase it on notifying, within a month, in the Gazette, and by notice posted to the occupier,the increase or diminution. This right to determine the value of the Crown Lands is a very proper one to give the Commissioner, but it should be exercised without altogether ignoring the rights of the occupier. The clause does not say that any notice of intention to alter the rent is to be given. The Commissioner may determine the amount,"and all he requires to do, is to give notice of his resolution within a month after he has arrived at such resolution. The effect of this may be that a pastoral tenant may be, by obligation, liable in one rent, while under his en- gagement another ia exi<jible. An increase may be made a month before it is intimated, and as in some districts it may take an- other month bre the intimation reaches its destination, the occupier of a run may be for two months liable in a rent, which rather than pay, he would throw up the run. This would be un- just. The Commissioner should have power to increase the rent, but only on previous notice to the occupier; and if the occupier refuses to acquiesce, the occupation should cease from tho expiry of the date of notice which, therefore, ought not to bo less than six months. The sixtieth clause proposes to assess the rental of the pastoral lands at a rate which would be high as affecting tho best of such lands; but which when applied toothers, would be perfectlyruinous It is proposed to make the rent payable from January next, at the rate of one shilling for every sheep, or six shillings for every head of cattlo, which the Commissioner shall determine a run to be capable of carrying. Mr. Crawford svas considered by the occupiers of runs to have exhibited a tendency to overtax their energies; but his valuation of the sums that ought to be charged for the runs is moderation to what the Bill proposes to exact. In his report of 9th August, 1869, after speaking of the carrying capacity of the runs, he says, " the annual value I have attached to each block, is in accord with tho present depressed state of the pastoral interests. I havo also made a distinction in estimating the yearly value as to class, giving first class a higher assessment per head of stock than second class, and the third a lower still, for obvious reasons. A first class block of land, say 2000 acres, depastures 1000 sheep. It may take from 6000 to 8000 acres of a third class block to maintain tho same number ;" and he adds a fact that strangely enough seems to havo escaped the" notice of the framers of the Bill, and it is this " The expense of fencing, shepherding, loss, &a;, is much greater on the latter than on the former ; therefore, in fixing the rental, a lower poll assessment should be taken." If we have not been misinformed, Mr. Crawford recom- mended a charge for sheep of Is, on first class lands in the low country ; 9d. per head on first and second class lands in the new country and in the Lake districts ; and Cd. per head on third class lands in the same districts. Why Mr. Crawford's recommendations should be so persistently ignored wo know not. Still !es3 can we form any opinion as to why the framers of the Bill should have despised all the teachings of experience, and rejected the sound advice of practical men, which, wo presume, they must have got. If they havo neglected to seek such assistance on a matter on which they arc themselves bo evidently adrift, we cannot com- pliment them on having exercised all due pre- cautions to propare a practicable and suitable measure. If Parliament do not intorfero and insist on a graduated scale in the assessment on runs, a gross injustice will bo done the occupiers. Tho proportions botweon sheep and cattlo are not such as practice will approve. Six head of sheep for ono of cattle may pass in an Act of Parliament, but it will hardly do in practice among the pastoral lands of the Colony. The Minister of Lands, if he do not wish to exter- minate the pastoral interest, will have materially to reduce tho rates he proposes to charge. 6d., as showed by Mr. Crawford, is in many districts enough for a sheep, and from 3s. to Ga. might bo a proportionate charge for cattle. The English Mail.-The Malta with the English Mail «n board may bo expected to reach Melbourne to-day in time for the Launceston steamor leaving, so as to roach Launceston to- morrow, in which case the Hobart Town portion of the mails will be delivered here on Wednesday morning. The Arrival of the Mail.-The arrival of the branch mail steamer with the August mails on board and telegraphic intelligence was an- nounced hore on Saturday night at 7*40., and the anxiety to learn the news speedily became intenso. Shortly after nine o'clock, tho first edition ni a Mercury extraordinary was published, bringing down the intelligence to the overthrow of Napoleon, his deposition as Emperor, and his removal to the Consulate at Berlin, Long before this hour The Mercury office was literally besieged, and so soon as the " Extra" was ready for issue, the crush was so great that for some time ingress and egresi were almost impossible. Tho professional gentleman and the humblest artizan, Ministers of the Crown, members of the Legislature, boys not yot released from school, and mon of groy hairs were to be seen pushing and being pushed, and it was only when tho private entrance at tho rear of the office was thrown open, and means of egress wore in this way provided, that tho crowd was reduced to something like system. Shortly after tho publication of tho first issuo, we were enabled, thanks to tho efficiency of our mechanical staff, to issue a second edition, con- taining further startling intelligence, and the demand continued till nearly midnight with scarcely an intermission, keeping three mid sometimes four persons busily engaged supplying extras to tho anxious orowds, who, on getting them, clustered round every lamp-post in tho neighbourhood of tho office. Though there was onco or twice some reason to fear a disturbance, somo of those in tho crowd resenting thoir boing jostled or shoved aside, gonoral good humour prevailed, mid an obsorvant watchfulness of tho comments of the public enables us to say thatthoro was a wonderful unanimity of satisfaction at tho news. Wo would bo doinq injustice to our Mel- bourne correspondent and the telegraph officials, land and cable, did wo omit to notice the promptitude with whioh he supplied the intelli- gence, and with which they sent it on and deliv- ered it. We have seldom, if ever, had so long message sent through with so few and so short breaks. The Late Judge Horne;-rFrom our obitu- ary column it will be soon that the funeral of the late Judge IJorno, whoso demise was recorded on Saturday last, is to take place at two o'clock this afternoon. The brethren of the Masonic Lodges, Companions of the R. A. Chapter, and other members of the Order are requested by the Secretaries of their respective Lodges to pay the last tribute of respect to the late brother, who was a P.M. of the Tasmanian Operative Lodge 345. Odd Fellows' Festival.-It is notified in our advertising columns that a meeting of tho Grand Stewards will be held this evening at the grand lodge room, Murray-street, to settle the account«, Mr. Chapman, the Magician.-This gentle- man, who has for some time past been " star- ring" it in Launceston, where he has been held in high repute as a magician and witty conver- sationalist, gives the first of a series of six en- tertainments in the Mechanics' Institute this evening. The programme, which is a very at- tractive one, states that Mr. Chapman will ex- hibit startling novelties, marvels of_ science, the Davenport mystery, somatic conjuring, wonder- ful second sight, a man tied up with a Backf ul of ghosts, and a host of other extraordinary speci- mens of the magician's, or conjuror's art. Mr. Chapman will bo assisted by a personage called "Willie," who, when blindfolded and seated with his back to the audience, will immediately name and describe any article placed in Mr. Chapman's hands. After performing a number of tricks, Mr. Chapman will explain how they are done, thus giving every one a chance of being a wizard on his own account. The entertain- ment will no doubt prove very interesting to all who can make it convenient to attend, and will prove not the les3 attractive that it is divested of all the external paraphernalia with which magicians have been accustomed, for the sake of effect, to surround themselves. Mr. Chapman, we understand, divests himself of all such ex- I ternal aias, and makes his deceptions and illusions all the more wonderful by the simplicity with which he performs them. Public Library.-The number of visitors to the Public Library last week up till Friday night was 460, including Members of Parliament, ladies, clergymen, youths, and others. An addi- tion has been made to the artistic features of the reading room, by the contribution of photo- graphs of the last of the Tasmanian aborigines, framed and glazed sent by the Government, in- cluding King Billy. This week the Ven. Arch- deacon Davies is to send his collection of scarce bibles, to which reference has been made in The Mercury, for a few days' inspection. The sug- gestion book contains recommendations of " Lives of the Founders of the British Museum," the Army and Navy Gazette, and other works which would be useful to the general pub- lic. Numerous as are the valuable works in the Library, it has boen suggested that there is a want of some good classics, and extra copies of the local newspapers, which are always eagerly read. Some rulo to limit each reader to ten minutes' perusal of the newspapers would be an advantage, as, according to tho experience of most observers, there aro certain individuals who get hold of the papers, and spell thom out at an hour's length, which is ex- ceedingly tantalizing to those who have only leisure to take a rapid glance. The notice cards prohibiting conversation havo had a good effect, especially on the youthful portion of visitors. It is satisfactory to find that the boys, for the most part, select good books to read, such as travels, biographies, and in some cases scientific works. As to the general convenience and aspect of the institution every one is cordial in praise of it. City Council.-The Council will meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock. The business list includes reports (1) of Public Works Committee on report of City Surveyor as to available appliances for the , preservation of lifo and property from fire, and tho means of extinguishing fires in tho City of Hobart Town (if ready) ; (2) on petition of ratepayers for repairs in Landsdowne Crescent ; (3) report of Town Hall Committee, on Mr. Hunter's estimate of rendering the entrance from Elizabeth-street available to the original pur- pose, for which it was designed (if ready) ; (4) report on petitions of Mr. Shad wick, Mr. Brown, and Mr. Murrell for water to be laid on to thoir premises at Now Town ; (5) ditto on petition of Mr. Bromfield as to a charge against him for water rate ; (6) report of Police Com- mittee on representation of Superintendent of Police of want of police protection, Franklin Square ; (7) ditto on petition of Dr. Turnley as to alleged nuisance at tho Prince of Wales Theatre, affecting tho repose of the patients in tho General Hospital ; (8) ditto on petition of Mr. William Chatloy, as to Dr. Turnley's com- plaint ; (9) on petition of Elijah Lazarus for a licence for the Albert Theatre ; (10) report of Finance Committee on petition of Mr. Elliston on behalf of Henry Ward's estate for remission of rates ; (11) ditto on petition of Edward Tree heo as to alleged overcharge of rates ; (12) ditto on petition of Mr. Johnson, a deacon of Bris- bane-street Independent Chapel, for exemption of rate3 on the school-house ; (13) report from His Worship the Mayor on the course of action pursued by him with reference to the widow Burchett (14.) Report of Slaugh- ter House Committee on petition of Mr. Bayley as to roofing tho Hobart Town public Slaughter Yards ; and (15) ditto on petition of Messrs. Eady Brothers as to alleged robbery of fat. Flax.-That the climate and soil of Tasmania are both admirably adapted for the growth of llax, a subject on which we published a series of articles reoently, has been practically tested on tho East Coast, Mr. E. C. Shaw, of Swansea, having, last season, cultivated a small plot by way of experiment. A sample of the flax, roughly hand-scutched, was handed us on Satur- day last by Mr. Williams, of the East Coast trading schooner Kestrel. The fibres aro remark- ably strong, and measure about thirty inches in length, but the flax must have been at least eight to twelve inches longer, having been broken in scutching. Judging from tho sample, we conjecture that the flax should havo boen pulled a week or ton days earlier, and that it should have been allowed to remain one or two days longer in "steep." Tho colour of tho flax is also too deep, a defect evidently attributable to tho curtailment of tho bleaching and drying process. The Beauties of Nature.-On tho sailing of the Bolla Mary on her lost trip, wo noticed that a flight of our native bronze-wingod pigeons and a brood of brown quail were shipped in Cap- tain Coppin's caro to our natural history friends in Auckland. By the roturn of tho old ship the other day a brace of pheasants and a Karaka tree (the hitter green, bright, beautiful, and berry bearing) were sent by Mr. Kirk, Honorary Secre- tary of the Aucklaad Natural History Society, by way of a simple oxchango for tho prosent we had sout. The roots of tho shrub occupied a little pino box of about ton inches square, while the Maori foliage of our sister island was covered for tho passage by the tattered side of an old sugar bag ; and yet the greenleafed stranger was detained by our Custom House officers, for the pitiful penalty of ono sixpence for wharfage dues ! ! ! . Aurora Australis.-On Saturday evening last, between eight and twelve o'clock, tfio southern Bky was brilliantly illuminated by tne Aurora Australis. Tho sky presented at times a deep red appearance, as if reflecting a hugo conflagration, whilst on oither side of the illuminated part wore broad yellow streaks, stretching almost entirely round tho hea- vens, that frequently presented the peculiar appearance which heralds sunrise. The same phenomenon was witnessed last evening, but in a less degree and moro to the east than has hitherto been seen. The appearanoes presented on Saturday wore to an extent and of an in- tensity seldom soon in tho southern hemisphere. Tub Jewish New Year.-The chief Jewish celebrations of the year now take place. At sunset yesterday, Sunday, tho festival in honor I of tho New Year (Anno Mundi 5631, according to rabbinical rockoning) bogan and lasts till Tuosday, sunset. Following como what nro known as tho 10 penitential days, and on Wed- nesday week noxt, October 5th, comes tho ob- servance of til» " G rent Day of Atonement. " The Clarence Council.-The usual monthly meeting of this Council was hold on Saturday morning last. There was no business of im- portance transacted, and tho reporters left on tho Council resolving itself into committee to consider a lotter that had boon received from Mr. Dobson, in reforenco to tho bond of the late Council Clerk. Police Court-There wore only two night charges for disposal at the police court on Satur- day, namely, Emily Featherstone and Mary Ann Williams, . disorderly females, who were sen- tenced to three months. The Southern Cross.-Importers of. goods by tho Southern Cross are notified to pass their entries at the Custom House early to-day, as she is to sail again to-morrow for Melbourne. The City of Hobart.-On Saturday even- ing the manager of the T.S.N. Co. received a telegram from Captain Clinch, dated, Edon, Saturday, 24th Soptomber, 12 50 p.m., stating tho City of Hobart, s.s., had boon compelled to return to Eden, and that the weather vas still bad. John Crooke, Esq.-We regret to state that, according to the latest telographio intelligence recoivod on Saturday from Launceston, this gentleman was still in a very precarious condi- tion. Oatlands Races.-The various handicap weights, as agreed upon by the handicapped for the races to be held at Oatlands on the 27th prox., will be found iu our advertising columns. The Roster.-The magistrate whose name appears on the roster for duty at the Police Court this morning is His Worship the Mayor. Orchestral Union. -There will be a rehearsal this evening at the Town Hall ; vocalists at seven o'clock, and instrumentalists at half-past, 