MANICHÆANISM AND THE ROMAN CHURCH. In scanning the histories of heresies from Simon Magus to the most modern of' en thusiasts, the most superficial observer will have seen but one inspiration guiding, one principle pervading all the tenets of their authors— the proclivity to resentment or the inclination to rebellion inherent to the mind of man in his fallen, condi tion. The divine promise 'I am with you all days' is an antidote for the church, not however more than sufficiently power- ful, to allay the progress of a contagion, the germ of which, lies deeply embedded in every human heart. The title which the aggregate of heresies of which Manichæan- ism formed a part, arrogated to itself, implied the full possession of that which philosophy in its primæval modesty only aspired to. The name Gnostic, as its ety- mology indicates, signified more than Philosopher, for whilst the philosopher was content to be the bachelor of the fair god- dess of knowledge, the Gnostic would fain be her spouse and sole possessor. We have in a former notice, made but brief allusion to the 'morality' of the Manichæan Sect. Its attitude, however, can scarcely be fully apprehended without ' we bear in mind the leading doctrines of some of those sects which preceded it, and from which, it differed more in its reserve and dissimulation than in any of its other developments. Carpocrates, more candid in his profes sions than any of the other disciples of Menander, openly taught that robbery and adultery were only names invented by human laws ; that to indulge in every kind of carnal pleasure was the only means of becoming disengaged from the prison of the flesh; that the souls of such as re fused to follow the teachings of the Gnos- tics in these respects were condemned after death to inhabit the bodies of the lower animals in succession until the debt was fully paid ; that not only goods and chat- tels, but even women were the common property of mankind. The Adamities, another Gnostic sect as- pired to the primæval simplicity of their first parents and pretended to live like them in a state of innocence. They con demned marriage no less than the Mani- chæans. They retired at stated times to a secluded locality which they styled Para dise where men and women, all remained for days together, in a state of perfect nakedness delivering themselves up to ex cesses which Paganism in its direst aspect would have blushed to acknowledge. The accuracy of the statements of which this notice is but the most meagre sketch, is confirmed not only by the unanimous tes timony of the fathers of the church who had known those heretics and had read their books, but also by Pagan writers of the same age. Plotinus in a work which is still preserved in many European libraries accuses them of despising all laws, of turning into ridicule those virtues which the respect of all ages held sacred, of pol luting the source of all good by aiming at the destruction of temperance and justice, of seeking only their own interest, and pleasure, and of setting at nought all that mankind in general regard as honorable and good. We doubt whether a detailed account of the atrocities of this sect would be suitable to the columns of a newspaper. For an elaborate account of them we re fer our readers to Receveur's Histoire de l' Eglise Tome I. A neat epitome may also be found in a work which might be ex pected to be found in every Catholic li brary — Bossuet's variations, vol. -II. In the early ages of the Church the holy fathers found it difficult to account for the fact, that out of so many tribes of heresies, it pleased the Holy Ghost to specify be forehand the characteristic tenets of this alone ; but ' time,' says the illustrious Bishop of Meaux, "the faithful discoverer of prophecies has discovered to us. the deep cause.' This deep cause consists in this, that no other heresy has afflicted the Church of God with assaults so varied, so dangerous, and so prolonged. From Per sia and Africa, where it prevailed in the early centuries, we can pursue Manichæan- ism to the mountains of Armenia, where under the name of Paulicians its adherents carried on long and bloody wars against the Emperors of the East towards the close of the ninth century. Its first appearance an the West was in Bulgaria— situated between the Danube and the Black Sea, and but recently converted to the faith. Thus did the " doctrine of devils," as St. Paul terms it, follow rapidly in the wake of the saving truth. It made its way into Italy, France, and Spain, in the tenth and eleventh centuries, and it is' to be for ever regretted that noble England, which in the twelfth century expelled from her shores the emissaries of this wicked sect, should have ever fallen a victim to the seductive influences of error even in a more mitigated form. That the Albi- genses, Cathari (or the pure) and other sects were in reality Manichæans, none but the most blindly prejudiced writers have ever denied. This, Dr. Milner clearly proves in a controversy with a dignitary of the Established Church, and quotes amongst other testimonies that of William of Brittany who, being their contemporary, a poet, and historian, pithily enunciates their code of morals in these words : — " Qui bona conjugii reprobant, qui carnibus uti. Esse nefas dicunt.' It was against these pests of society; and destroyers of the human species that Ro bert of France lighted the fires of persecu- tion, as it was owing to the same cause that the inquisition, the great terror of almost irreclaimable malefactors, was in- stituted by the civil governments of Europe. And yet this institution, harsh to be sure, but necessary to protect the important end of the propagation of mankind, is to the present day held up as the emblem of the bloodthirstiness of the Roman Church. Space will not permit us to do more for the present than commit ourselves to the assertion that the Bohemian Brethren or " Brethren of the Free Spirit" as they styled -themselves— incorporated though they were towards the close of the sixteenth century, and in the beginning of the seven- teenth no longer destinct from the "re- formed' — were, if not in their practices, at least in their principles, Manichæan. Thus from Manes to Martin Luther has this detachment of the infernal army lurked in the environs of the city of God. Having chosen its ambuscade in the heart of Protestantism in the sixteenth century, it has reposed there in uninterrupted peace, and now in the nineteenth the thoughtful observer is not surprised to find it renewing its onslaught after its ancient, characteristic fashion. The false philoso phy of this age and its rationalistic theories may be less extravagant, but they are not less subversive, than was their prototype, of God's own revelations. The rationalism of Germany and the blasphemous laxity in doctrine and morals at present so rampant in America are in exact consonance with the aims of Manichæanism. The systems of education now becoming prevalent lead to the same end. " The reason," says a popular American orator, addressing a large audience, and seconded in his views by Protestant clergymen, " why the Church was in a morbid state was because it was a capital punishment, pro-slavery, woman-under-the-bed society. . . I say with all respect, if J——s should come and preach in the streets of Boston and try to create a feeling among the masses, he would be in gaol in less than a week." This is an extract from the New York Herald, commented upon in the Saturday Review of July 4, 1868. The speaker is said to have been received with applause in the utterance of such sentiments. Some of the most prominent lady advocates of Women's Rights in that remarkable coun try have published pamphlets the purport of which decency forbids mentioning. Thus in the now, probably, two most powerful countries on earth, Manichæan- ism, little modified, invades society once more ; and what power on earth is that which boldly steps forward to arrest the progress of this many-lived monster ? The power of that aged man who, pulled down from his temporal throne and, it may be, an exile, still wields the sceptre of authority confided to him by the Son of God — the power of the Supreme Pontiff of the Roman Church. - VOX IN DESERTO. 