THE PAKT A TC A MEETING.-THE ARRIVAL OP TITOKOWARU. . On tho morning of the 21 st September, intelli- gence waa brought to Pariaka that Titokownru was closo at hand ; and tho natives nt'that village loft for the purpose of welcoming him in their usual . style. Each had a branch of somo trco in his hand, .which, as they walked, they waved uhovo their heads, at tho samo time uttering a cry ef welcome. As Titokowaru and his followers drew near it was found that thoy woro oighty mon and BÍX women. Tho mon are described as being veiy powerful, and wero dressed in : the usual bush costume-a plaid shawl fastened round thoir hips, and shirta over their bodies ; and in tho bend of ouch wero white feathors. Titokowaru, with his ono-oyo and horrid looking countenance, waa superbly .dressed for a Maori ' chief. Ho wore a mat mado of rory fino nativo flax, tho fringe of which waa composed of green and whilo feathers. On his hoad ho had a cap formed from the plumagu of some blaok bird, and in the contro, standing up in front of tho peak, was a scarlet feather. Bonotttk tho mat mijiht be soen a plaid shawl, which was tied round his hips and which reached bolow his knees : ho also had a new plaid Crimean shirt. On Titokowaru coming within speaking distance, much was enid both by Mr. Parria and tho rebel that it would bo impossiblo to put on paper. Accusations wore made on one side, to ba repudiated by tho other, and vico vorsa. The civil commissioner called on his natives not to look upon tho man who had defiled himself. . Titokowuru abuaed Mr. Purri« in return, and BO Wednesday passed. Titokowaru was then invited into tho "village, but, bofore entering, when: about a. hundred yards off, they all discharged thoir . firearms, and came forward with their guns unloaded. On tho Thurs- day, Titokowaru expressed a wish to hear what all tho talk had been about. Ho said he had been a long Hmo dead. Mr. Panis then atuck up the sticks and tjxjplninod tho whole that had boon dono, and To "Whiti como from his platform and «gain put the elicka under his feet.-JNguuo, of Wuirorepn, said ho -was in favour of tho King.-Topini said, mut Parris had spoken what waa perfectly true. .. The Europeans hud sont missionaries to them first, and thoy lind directed them to look up to heaven. Afterwards ' the Queen had como, and whilst thoy were looking to honvon tho Éuropeurm looked upon tho soil. : Those : woro the wicked things that, arrived ' with tho Qucon (continued he, holding up a gni); thoso wero tho teeth which, the Quoen sent amongst thom to bito them.-Mr. Parris said ho had nothing to say whatever nbout tho missionarioB : that wiis an old Btory. .When tho Government carno to tho country it brought a good many IhingB with it no doubt, both good and ovil, for, Satan always foliowod tho works of God lo try arid destroy what ho did. Nothing was perfect in tho World whilst 'Satan was striving nil ho could against God's works.-Titokowaru said to To Whiti, after he had put bia feet on tho sticks : I hnvo heard what yon havo Baid. If thoso (menning tho' King nnd Government) aro to .bo no moro; .who1 ia P who' 'is. tho person.P-To , Whiti : It'ia I. I am the only person.-Titokowaru: By whom wero you begot ?-To Whiti parried tho question, although asked-,it many times. .At. Inst Titokowaru said : '.Who ia thoro. behind you P-To Whiti. There is ono Pathor, ono Son, lind ono Holy Ghost;.,ultogelhor thoro oro. threo, yea,' they oro three, yet are but ono,-and-that is 1.-After some more bantering betweon thoso two chiefs, Mr. farris got up and said there was only' one wayof settling the thing-that was by allowing tho lending men of tho country to meet tho Gbverner nnd to talk tho matter over,' and try to 'bring about a bolter etuto of thinga.'-To Whiti, was. somowhat oxoitod nt this, because tho natives' seemed to agree with tho'-oivil commissioner's "* remarks, and somo of Titokownru's".people i cried out, "Parria. is right."-To Whiti said: I seo nnd hear. You all npprovo of what Parris has said ; even Tito- kowaru'B people aro with him. i Go ovory one of you .with him, and fulfiliyour hoart's desiro-kill and eat each other,": rob, get .'drunk, commit adultery,'sell' land,;; maker roads-dó'evórythirig tho wicked aro intended.for-but don't look back' on mo 'afterwards.'' . -Mr. Parris said : " Tho task muBt bo gone on with'.: Tho roadB. must bo mado, and (stretching out his hand to Whiti) give-mo my ehildron that I may go and do. it.'~To Whilimndo' no roply, but endea- voured to laugh it oil.-Titokowaru; earning into tho contro with. n, blight, doublo-barrello'l gun in his hand, said : "I hnvo como to Pariaka. 1 now return to Ngntimaru. I shall turn my back upon Tauma tninahoo and Tawhnna [moaning tho whole of tho Ngatimaniapoto/j Tawhana's work ia bia, and I haye nothing to do with it. ; My eyes turn to Ngàire, and to tho sea. My mind night und day ia only thinking of Ngnire. I will novor Btriko Rnother blow.unless I am attacked. ,, Tf my fuco ia acratchod I shall .rotnliato. Oh, all ye peoplo assombled, I no w bid you farewell. I go to my camp for tho night, and in tho morning lenvo on my homeward journey." \--.Several asked him to atop, and naked him if ho .was angry by his leaving BO quickly. Ho said : "-No; but what ia Ibero in the talk P I havo heard what you .said, but I don't soo tho end. , It ia useless.' You call tho people from tho right nnd from tho . lefl>-you say nothing-no more-Titokowaru thou roso, nnd ho nnd his followers loft in a body." ThuB ended tho Pariaka mooting, ovor wbioh much excitement has been occasioned all over tho colony. . 