Ghost or no Ghost. fFrom the Bristol Times, June 2 J AT or about midnight of the 23rd of last month, two grave and elderly gentlemen were returning from the village of Chelvey to Brockloy. They had spent the evening together ab the former place, engaged with their hoat, in quiet conversation upon the ordinury topics of the day : and they set out together on their way home in a vehicle drawn by the doctor's horse-a well- broken, steady, and experi- enced roadster. The doctor drove. The rector sat by his sido, both silent, staid, and contemplative. The road was narrow but open, and the night WHS still fine, and clear ; there was no moon, and the travellers had no lamps. They had proceeded but a short distance when tho horse evinced a nervousness very uncommon to tho animal, and more than onco showed a disposition-now to hair-, now to turn, and anon to hurry forward on the extreme roadaide. Tho doctor, roused to unwonted attention by tho timidity of hi8 favourite and reliable horse, cast his eyes forward alung tho road, directly in tho centre of which, a sight mot them that gave a strange shock to his own strong nerves. Hurrying on, with no appearance of muscular effort- turning neither to tho right nor to the loft, a tall figure, draped in a long cloak, reaching nearly the ground, floated, rather than walked, before them, The doctor, without speaking to his companion, ooked long enough upon tho weird figure to note Ithese stai tiing particulars, and to arrive at the con elusion in his own mind that he was the subject of a special and peculiar illusion. Looking upon the spectre with ¡.he feeling of a mere man of science, and quieted rather than alarmed by tho nature of the appearance which he had now no doubt was visible only to his own disordered sense of sight, he occupied himself in a hurried examination of his own physical condition, in which, however, ho detected none of the_ expected symptoms. Ho was strong, calm, sound in. health, collected and clear-physically and mentally. " Nevertheless." murmured the doctor to himself, " this is a marked and decided case of optical illusion for which I may yet find some cause." " Did^you speak," said the Hector, in subdued tones. " I did-involuntarily," roplied the doctor, speaking also scarcely above a whisper. " In speaking, involuntarily, were your thoughts and speech addressed to tho ' thing' before us, my friend ?" asked the rector. " Good God, yes. Do you, too, see what I have for the last few minutes been observing ?" " I have seen and am seeing with you," quietly responded the rector. " Look more carefully to your horse, speak to it cheeringly and soothingly, and let us go on." The Doctor obeyed ; but even his well-known voice failed to quiet the now trembling animal, the management of which was becoming every moment moro difficult. " This can't go on : we had better alight, or, wait, or turn back," observed the Doctor, striving in vain to guide the now unmanageable horse. They had by this time reached o- wider part of the road across which led a still broader. Lying in tho centre of this crossing was a triangular bit of turf, bare and treeless. Upon this spot the figure vanished; and the horse stopped refusing to pass beyond it. " Doctor," whispered the Hector, " we aro alone. Were you watching ?" "Not carefully," said the Doctor, half out of breath with his exertions in repressing the frightened horse, "not carefully; but I think it went to tho right." "Nay," replied tho Rector, "neither to the left nor to the right : neither upwards nor downwards. I marked it accurately to the last: it faded, died out, disappeared-not suddenly, but slowly-as Burely as you andi are together here." No small amount of time and care were necessary to get the horse home ; and from an animal famous for its steady strength of nerve, courago, and doci- lity, it has become, within the few days that have transpired, as nerveless and timid as a fawn. Thia is all. While I sit horo in tho Doctor's sanctum, transcribing the notes of his journey from Cholvey to Brockley, the Doctor is collecting and comparing cuses from tho dry and uninviting volumes littered upon the table and tho floor, turning only occasionally from these to tho latest reporta of the learned societies upon optics, or to the splendid, but to me, unintelligible, theorems of BrewBter. The roctor-an old tutor of his college is here, too, tracing innumerable diagrams with the view of reducing this appearance and disappearance to some law of physics. Nothing, reader, will come ot then? labours. You and I know that. Professor Schoff was hore, but ho has gone away up tho Coombe, sneeringly. Professor Schoff and my old friends have had a difference, and have been hard upon oach other. Professor Schoff insists that the two learned noodless saw a reflection of their horse and themselves, built up, pyramid-fashion, and cast feebly upon tho white road by tho light of the oia moon, which being in its last quartor, would bo on tue south-eastern horizon at that hour; and o^îfS , thoi'° wouM cast distorted, faint, ana elongated images of just suflicient dis to frighten horses or - other aaunalB. xÛU8 0f the appearance. As to tho disappearance, Professor Schoff says that the shadow, being faint and thin, would disappear upon the darker ground of the grass plot, for want of that contrast in field and shadow afforded by the whiter road. Professor Schoff banged the study door as he wont out, and the effect of tho loud report upon my nerves proves to mo that I, for one, must side with tho doctor and tho rector, who have thrown aside their books, papers, and instruments, and now believe that they saw a " thing" of Avhich they cannot, and ought not to attempt a further descrip- tion of elucidation. Hah ! Professor Schoff hus gone : but old Betsy Prodgen, who was born in the parish of Brockley well nigh seventy yours ago, is in the kitchen, and this, in substance, is what I overhear her saying " Mrs. Hücker (she is addressing tho rectory cook) the greatest of fools are tho wise fools. I am angered to hear what you say of the dis- cussion in the study by tho rector, doctor, and Professor. Bays of incidonce-reflection refraction - convergence -divergence-angles-foci and rubbibh ! What has those blasphemous terms or the blasphemous science to which thoy refer, to do with what they havo seen ? Shame upon their unbelief! Listen, ma'am. Just ninety- four years ago the rector of this parish waB the Rev. Mr. Hubertson,-a hungry, reckless, spendthrift. Tho miser is hungry and reckless : but the spendthrift, Mrs. Hücker, would draw bills upon his wife's repu- tation or his children's bread to raise coin to squander upon the gratification of his depraved tastes or idiotic cravings. No wonder then that this should happen-Parson lluborteon cooked a will! It was done in this wiso. In the early barking season of 1776, James Stevens, tho then woodward of tho Brockley Manor, was mortally injured by tho fall of a tree in the Park, and was carried, crusned and mangled, into the kitchen of the Rectory. Tho parson, and an old und wicked college friend of his, who was staying with him as a guest at the time, provided a means for tho romoval of tho dying man to Chelvoy, where ho lived, and accompanied him home. James Stevens's wife and children received the mournful procession, and saw in their agony that the sufferer's very hours were numbered. James Stevens had been a striving and a successful man ; and it was pretty ge orally known that he had a largo sum lying in ono of the Bristol banks to his credit-£500 and moro as it proved to bo. Parson Hubertson, and his colkgo friend, and a man-servant of the latter, sat up through the night; and before the morning that succeeded it, James Stevens died, having previously signed a will drawn up by his friendly watchers, wholly, as tho dying man believed, in favour of his wife and children; but wholly, as it turned out to be, in favour not oí them or either of them, but of Parson Hubertson ! Widow Stevons died twenty years later in the workhouse ; and her children went forth into tho world penniless. Parson Hubertson died later, at the Rectory ; and his end was hard and frightful. Parson Hubertson's body was buried, but his spirit was never laid ; and at barking time in every year, and to this day, that spirit appearing in the hard outline of the tall form it occupied in the body, makes a journey to and fro at midnight between Chelvoy and Brockley; and the draped figure seen by the rector and doctor was Parson Hubertson's ghost." 