ROME. (From the Correspondent of the Westminster Gazette.) February 12. Notwithstanding the formal denial given with all the authority of double leads, by the Tablet, to the report of the prorogation of the Council, I can assert that it is not only the general opinion in Rome, but I have it from one whose position here leads me to put the greatest reliance on what he says — that the middle or end of May will see the proroga. Indeed, nothing would seem more natural than that, as the labours of the Council have every sem blance of being so much protracted, a re \- -cess for rest should be provided for during ; the summer heats. Your contemporary as pleased to attribute the report to ad verse powers of invention, but it is diffi cult to see what is thought to be gained by imagining inimical motives for the statement of ordinary and simple facts. The Commission of the Postulata sat on Sunday from 9.30 to 1.30. Among other petitions that have been presented to it, I hear there is one signed by one hundred :and fifty Bishops, praying that greater im portance and extension may be given to the Society for the Propagation of the Faith. In the General Congregations the de bate on three Schemata on Discipline has been brought to a close, and the amended propositions have been returned to the Special Deputation. That de parvo Catechismo — the fourth de Disciplina- — was brought under consideration on Thursday. No less than fifty Fatheis have inscribed their names to speak on this question. Twelve were down for Thursday's Session, but only seven of these spoke ; and it is aaid these were .Cardinal Mathieu, who spoke for a good half-hour without any notes ; Cardinal Rauscher, who being un well, gave his address to another Father to read for him ; the Archbishop of Gran, Princs Primate of Hungary ; then, Mgr. Dupanloup, of course, as the subject is one which has so long occupied his studi ous attention, and in his speech, which oc cupied nearly an hour, he accordingly went into the matter in considerable detail ; the Archbishop of Tours, Mgr. Moreno, and, the Bishop of Nevers (Mgr. Forcade). The proposal, it is said, is to provide one uniform primary Catechism for the author itative teaching of the whole Church ; and the importance of such a measure is of course patent to every one. It is thought that that of Bellarmine, with certain modi fications, is likely to be adopted. After this matter has been decided the debate on the Schema de Ecclesia will come on, involving the grand question of the Church and the Roman Pontiff. Your article on the Council and its Cri tics has been highly approved of here. It is much to be deplored that Catholic jour nalists, instead of applying themselves to remove misunderstanding, should allow themselves to write in a way to foment party spirit. It is being the worst enemy to the cause of the Church. And there are those who write of the Council as if it had but one work to accomplish, and thac was to define the personal infallibility, while yet the Bull of Indication says not one word about it ; it finds no place in the Scliemata submitted for debate to the General Congregations, and the Petition asking for the Definition even was only drawn up afttr the Fathers were in Rome. Then,' again, it is strange that writers who profess to have authentic information can go on writing of its supporters as the large majority, and repeating that the signita ries are 500 in number and more, when it is well known here thatthey only amounted to 430 ; that the number of those who have signed a counter petition or who have refused to declare themselves at all is con sequently 326 ; and that the signatures to the first petition were obtained by an ac tive and urgent canvass which deprived it of the character of a spontaneovis manifes tation. The mode of writing to which I allude is the more objectionable in face of the fact that those who prefer that ques tion should either not be raised in the Council, or, if raised, met by an implied definition, are nearly all men ' who are placed in arduous posts, engaged in a seri ous share of the Church's welfare, and brought in contact with the most active and intelligent populations in the world, but who have also, many of them, had spe cial opportunities of testifying their unfail ing devotion to the Holy See ; for they in- 1 elude all our own Bishops, and are, too, some of Ireland, half those of Fia.nce, the majority of those of Austria and Germany, and some of Ame rica. Of course they believe, as do all Catholics, in the infallible voice of the Pope, speaking ex Cathedra ; they have always accepted Papal bulls and rescripts, have proclaimed them in their respective dioceses, and hi* ve shown perfect submis sion to them; and, more than this, aie ready to accept whatever the Council may define on the matter. But they think, judging from their experience, that the work of the Church would be impeded by any definition at the present. But they also very rightly say this opinion on their part is but human, and if the mind of the Fathers should be moved in Council to decree otherwise, that opinion could be, waived. ' It seems desirable to call attention to this to show that the so-called agitation is not within the Council, but outside it ; and the contention is not against the doc trine of Infallibility, but in order to have the question taken into consideration. It is therefore simply reckless, to say no worse, to direct hard words against those whose office and character alike claim re spect for their utterances ; or to anticipate the decisions of the Council by fretful and hasty prognostics. What. is the aim of it? Is it imagined that the direction of the Holy Ghost in the Aula stands in need of newspaper articles to point the way ? Yet it is difficult to see what purpose this sort of thing can answer, but to supply a fresh weapon to our adversaries, create ill-feeling among ourselves, and disturd the con sciences of the weak. Our Protestant press cannot leave our Bishops alone either, though of it misre presentations are to be expected; with it whatever a Catholic Bishop does is, of course, matter of animadversion. Had our Bishops signed the petitions in circu lation they would have been stigmatised as either ' Ultramontanes' or 'Liberals;' but because eight of them preier to enter the Council unfettered by any pledge, they must, forsooth, be pointed at as ready for schism ! Some have, indeed, formally pro tested against the unwarrantable use made of their names. Such attacks only serve to show either the wanton disregard for truth of the writers, or their ignorance of the subject on which they pretend to en lighten their readers. One, who knew the mind of our Bishops, and told the truth about it, would say they are about as likely to be thinking of finding refuge in schism as the Pope himself ! The Holy Father once more gave a large general audience on Sunday afternoon. It was smaller in number than the last, and certain comments on the too boisterous loyalty of that occasion had the effect of producing a more orderly greeting this time. The Holy Father's address was suggestedj according to his frequent cus tom, by the Gospel of the day. He directed his warning against the snares of the enemy who is still going about sowing his bad seed while men sleep — instilling false principles while the young are too unwary, and older men too indifferent to take heed of his devices. Then he spoke of the con tinual vigilance necessary to oppose him successfully. 'The evil one knows how to multiply himself and ingratiate himself under a thousand different forms . . . the mother guards her offspring with jea lous care, and is solicitous 'to instil only that which is good ; but while she sleeps — that is in moments of carelessness and in difference — the adversary steps in with seeds of evil and in a night mars her work of years. You must, therefore, always be on the look oat, always watching, that the enemy come not ni^h your dwellings ; you must keep him away, top, by your love of God, by frequenting the Sacraments, by your diligence, obedience to the law of labour, this is a powerful means of driving the evil one from your families, and, by that means, from human society ,| which is an aggregate of families. ~No one is exempt from the law of labour, neither rich nor poor, neither great nor small, none may rest in this world with folded arms. I speak not either for you alone ; the Pope is no more exempt than others, and in these days especially he has felt that he has no exemption from it. It is just this, my children, which prevents me from spending as long a time with you as I should have wished; but the calls upon me to-day are many, though I could not omit saying these few words to ;you.' A good deal of correspondence which has had to pass between the Roman Government and the French Embassy con cerning the successor of Colonel d'Argy in the command of the Roman Legion has, I understand, in certain quarters, been made to do duty for an interpellation from the latter respecting the Syllabus. It is perhaps hardly necessary to say4 that the 9th, the anniversary of the pro clamation of the Republic in Rome, passed off without any sort of notice. Two phenomena visited ;Ancona on Tuesday — -a snowstorm and an earth quake; the one as unprecedented as the other. There was no fatal case of personal injury by the latter, but all the higher houses received some mischief ; one isolated group . was thrown down; one or two church steeples and the \ Palazzo dtlla Corle d'Appeilo are specially instanced as having received serious damage. 