THE' ROYAL ACADEMY EXHIBITION OF PICTURES. (From the Athenaeum.} SO far as our opportunities permit us to form a judgment of the character and quality of this Exhibition, it is about on a level with the average of its forerunners, noteworthy on account of the presence of pictures by nearly all the Academicians and Associates, and marked, though not deeply, by a slight deficiency of power on the part of several of those outsiders whose works supply to the critic some of the most interesting materials for studying the signs of the future of English Art. It is 'to these the student turns with most curiosity, for he can, within certain limits, tell what order of work veteran painters will send, and what will be the value of the productions of artists in their prime ; but he cannot so easily decide what the young artist who has already proved his powers will do. There is, too, the never-absent hope of the ap- pearance of a new man with new powers ; the hopes of the observer grow faint and fainter as each year teaches him that in Art, as in other things-, powers develop and grow more or less rapidly ; but not like mushrooms. So it some- times happens that when the outside world is enraptured by the appearance of a new favour- ite, and enjoys the event with greater zest be- cause of its apparent suddenness, the critic all the while knows the next star to be mere tinsel, and, what is worse for the popular feeling, the well-worn tinsel of a provincial stage ; this happened in the case of a painter of landscapes which were so showy that they captivated " the world " in London for a season, and that world adored a melo-dramatic veteran with an ardour that was due to a youthful and real genius. Critics laughed, if they did not grieve, over the catas- trophe which followed when the truth was learnt, and the new favourite repeated himself on the next year's stage, and was convicted of having but one trick. Of the eminent painters whose works are hung on the walls of the galleries in Burlington Gardens we may name Sir Edwin Landseer, whose five pictures maintain his reputation ; Mr. Maclise, who in a single picture did, to the last, admirably, and refreshed those laurels which were won in studies that cul- minated with the great works at Westminster and the "King Cophetua" in last year's ex- hibition. This single picture is entitled " The Earls of Desmond and Ormond" (197). Mr. Hook is at least equal to his recent self in three pictures, two of which show that he has chosen fresh fields in Holland and among Dutch fishermen ; in the third he is again on his old ground, if one may say so, of a Cornish coast picture, which is styled " Sea Earings " (1022), trawling for prawns ; the first-named paintings are entitled "Brimming, Holland" (158), and "Fish from the Dogger Bank" (93), a scene at Schevening,--a subject which we need not say is not treated in Stanfield's vein. Mr. Lin- nell contributes " Sleeping for Sorrow " (Luke xxii.) (948). Mr. J. F. Lewis appears brilli- antly in eight pictures. Mr. Poole is repre- sented with felicity equal to that which has so often charmed us by an illustration of the legend of Onesti, as related in the Decameron (176). Mr. Holman Hunt is not here at all. Mr. Poynter appears less fully than we hoped with "Andromeda" (137), and the designs for his mosaics at Westminster. Mr. Legros is in force with "Scene de Barricade" (119), " Pretres au Lutrin" (139), an old priest before an organ, and such a one praying, styled " Vieillard en Priere " (228). Mr. A. Moore proves his strength in Art by " A Garden " (996). Mr. Leighton's illness prevented the completing of a large and noble picture which we described on the 5th of February last, {Athen. 2206), and represents Hercules struggling with Death for the re- suscitation of Alcestes ; the painter has, how- ever, sent a small work of comparatively minor importance but great beauty, named "A Nile Woman"'(163). Mr. Watts has "Daphne" (1018) standing naked among laurels, "Fata Morgana" (193), and a por- trait (107). Mr. Elmore has done honour to himself in "Louis the Thirteenth and Louis Quatorze" (161) ; "There is no greater grief or misery than the remembrance of our happy days" (336). Mr. Prinsep sends " The death of Cleopatra" (16), which we have described {Athen. 2206), "The Dish of Tea" (435), a damsel throwing open the door of a room before her by thrusting against it a tray laden with china. The costume of Queen Anne's days has been adopted by Mr. Prinset in this case with eminent success, equal to that which in another mode attended " Hetty," and " An Amateur Dairymaid" of last year's Exhibi- tion. He has not repeated that poetical mis- take he then styled "Bacchus and Ariadne." More in this painter's true vein than the last or the first-named picture of this series is a lady "Reading 'Sir Charles Grandison'" (40), and seated at a table in a small chamber with the book before her--a charming work, full of oiiginal grace and spirit, and, like " A Dish of Tea," finely coloured. Among the popular artists in the coarser variety of genre, Mr. E. Nicol does not appear at present. Mr. T. Faed will please all his ad- mirers with "When the Day is Done"'(192) and " Highland Mother " (968). Likewise will Mr. Yeames with "Maunday-Thursday " (17), "Visit to the Haunted Chamber" (187), and " Love's Young Dream" (475). Mr. Pettie may be said to be true to himself with " A Sally " (180), '"Tis Blythe Mayday" (412), and "Touchstone and Audrey" (909). Mr. E. Crowe has " The Vestal" (965). Mr. A. Hughes has " Sir Galahad " (324) and " Endy- mion" (388). Mr. Storey has "Only a Rabbit!" (934), sportsmen returning with little spoil, and that of low degree, are thus saluted, and " A Duet" (11), a De Hooghe-like picture, of fine quality. Mr. Hodgson sends some Algerian subjects,-- " The Basha's Black Guards " (923), a gam- bling scene ; " Arab Prisoners " (1023), a halt by a spring. Mrs. E. M. Ward is at her best with "The First Interview with the Divorced Empress Josephine with the King of Rome " (916). Several French pictures will attract attention, the more so on account of the fame of one among them, which is already known by an engraving, and the high position that its author, M. Gerome, holds in Art, "The Death of Marshal Ney" (118). Face downwards lies the great captain on the edge of the pavement, his head in the damp and slimy road, with just a dark red mark below his jaw, but not another sign of horror or a violent death, unless a certain pallor under the bronzed skin, extending to the lips in a pnrple hue, be horrid. There is enough of this, however, in the proneness of the figure, in the old-fashioned blue cloth coat, black silk stockings and shoes, and the Celtic character of the features ; which are shown bull-like beneath the short-cropped hair. The power of the painter appears in the terrible simplicity of the design. In the figure he has not, however, exhausted his genius. Behind it a dead wall is made to tell again the tale of death, and by means of eight little marks, or dimples, showing where the bullets struck and scattered the coarse white plaster with which it was covered, so that two little heaps of white dust, which have fallen from the dimples to the foot of the wall and on the damp earth near the feet of the Marshal, declare where a few moments since he stood, who was once a country attorney's son, a prince, and victor in eighty battles : there they placed his back on that chilly and misty morning while the lanterne yet glimmered against the dawn. The scanty trees of tlie Luxembourg garden, stand ghost-like in the gloom, and the broken lines of tall houses hinted that Paris as well as the Marshal ended there. The soldiers, once his followers, leave him now alone and go off at a quick pace, their bayonets irregularly moving, as is the French way with bayonets, and the bearers whisper to each other ; their officer, in an uncouth great-coat, turns to look at what has been done. Some one scratched " Vive l'Empereur " on the wall, marking the plaster ; an unfinished " Vive" is painted on it in blood-red, as if with the blood of France and Europe. Of technical defects this picture has none ; its execution is as complete as its design. M.-Gerome has also "Jerusalem" (985). M. Alma-Tadema claims a place of honour in our memories, but must receive with the applause which is due to what is now before us the expressions of our regret that these works show signs of haste to reap the fruits of skill with less cost of study than usual. The ablest of the pupils of Leys has soon begun to forget the steps by which he won honours and fame. His natural ability is marked as before ; brilliant colour, the cream of archaeological studies, rare chiaroscuro, and the complete power to put the elements of a picture together, are in three works before us, but neither of them shows such sound and careful treatment as we expected from the artist's hands. They are even more vivid and richer in colour than their forerunners, but they are less promising and less valuable as works of Art. " Un Amateur Romain (Empire)" (970) repre- sents an amateur showing a newly-bought bronze statue to his aesthetically-inclined friends and members of his household, in the atrium of his mansion. Seated on a low bench which is placed near one of the gigantic columns of polished marble which inclose the place, and support the roof of the cloister that ends in pic- tures and mosaics and covers sculp- tures, as in a museum, is the host, an old man who - -by a capitally designed action--heedfully with outstretched hands motions to a slave to turn the figure this way or that, to suit the light or display such and such contours as he may wish observed. This is a fine figure, and with the over-orna- mented look of the whole is thoroughly Roman ; Roman likewise are the harsh, unlovely faces of those who stand here, as if they had to learn Art and did not feel it ; they take to it because it is fashionable. Roman, too, are the heavy, semi-barbarous costumes, such as that of the lady, a blue- stocking, who is the only one of her sex who is present at the unveiling of the figure. We have written of the mode of telling the story. Of the technical qualities of the picture let us add that it is a masterpiece of rich colouring and power in rendeiing textures and surfaces ; the robes of the men and the women are remarkable in both these respects, and for the latter in particular the painting of the shining marbles, the sadder bronze, and the mosaic of the floor should be noted. A fountain springs in the atrium, the veiny marble shafts of which, glowing in sunlight, sustain a superb frieze of chimera and griffins : note the pictures on the wall ; the statue we call " Venus of the Capitol" is in the cloister, with candelabra, vases, and a hundred other Roman nick- nacks. "Un Interieur Romain" (148) shows another atrium, but of avery different kind from that which is represented in the last picture ; an old Roman female is reading from a MS. to a girl, who, wrapped in a turquoise robe, lies on a couch curled up, and dreaming, or thinking. A young slave blows at a fire on which is a bronze vessel containing a woman's mess. Behind, the term of the Emperor is wreathed with roses ; at the side of the en- trance hang curtains of black and deep red, with Etruscan patterns of strange dances and incantations represented upon it. A portrait is on a pillar, with doors as in a triptych ; with- out, preparations for a meal go in a vine-hung exterior place : near the nursing girl is the shallow water of the usual fountain, un- shaken by a falling stream, and warm in its marble bed. The mosaic of the floor is plain white. Notwithstanding the want of solidity and honest painting which we observe here, the vigour and charm of both these pictures are undeniable, and delightful to the student. M. Alma-Tadcma's third picture we shall notice next week. It is time we turned to an English painter ; and we may begin with the works of Mr. Millais, which are unusually numerous and powerful. The largest, if not the best of these, is "The Knight-Errant " (202) delivering a damsel, which may be called a Spenserian subject, and in which the figures are life-sized. The scene is the interior of a wood, and many huge rocks are strewn on the earth ; between many tree-trunks we catch a glimpse of light and of a figure flying in fear. The time is between night and day ; a silvery but uncertain light pervades the place beneath the foliage, and is reflected from it and the rock-strewn floor. In bright light and in front stands the naked figure of the damsal ; bound to a tree by a girdle, which likewise knots her hands together. She is clothed only in her golden hair ; her robes lie at her feet, where the robbers threw them. One of these lies dead among the stones, and just behind is the figure of the knight who slew him, and who is now half-abashed at, yet proof against the charms of the damsel ; he busily releases her, cutting the bonds with his sword, doing so, one must confess, rather awk- wardly, and as if that weapon were really a large, sharp pocket-knife, instead of a strong weapon made to cut by force of arm, not by keenness of its edge. Of the two faces that of the knight is immeasurably the better ; with hollow eyes and sunken cheeks, it is earnest, pure, ascetic, intense, and superbly painted ; whereas that of the woman is not over pure in character or refined in expression, somewhat feverish- looking, and the carnations of' the cheeks appear veiny, as in worn faces. On the other hand, especially of its lower limbs, the painting, drawing, and modelling of the female figure, difficult as that subject is--pro- bably the most difficult of artistic exercises-- are admirable ; the contours are fine and large, the forms refined and sound, the textures smooth and yet not wax- like ; the drawing is capital, the carnations rich, and having that inner golden hue which has been discoverable in all finely painted flesh since Titian's time, and gives a delicate brilliancy, which here seems to gleam, and is, perhaps, best appreciated when matched with examples that are defective in this respect, as the flesh of academical painters, such to wit, as Ary Scheffer. The painting of the knight's armour is worthy of Mr. Millais, or of Giorgione ; \--one cannot say more. This picture was wrought in six weeks. A picture which will please all is called " A Flood " (91), and re- presents a child floating in its old wooden cradle upon the bosom of a torrent, just as it has been borne out of a cottage ; it goes gently and smoothly in a dangerous course, with a little black kitten for a fellow voyager. The babe unconsciously goes on its way and turns, laughing and delighted, as the ark approaches a tree where the goldfinches flutter in the boughs, which glitter with drops of rain or heavy dew. In the distance is the flooded village, and the father of the little one approaches to the rescue in a punt on the stream, which has risen half-way up the hay- stacks, and, yellow with its charge of earth, rushes and swirls swiftly. A pig has been floated out of its home, and makes way as well as it can. Beyond the village, trees rise with uplands, and a mist veils the distance. It is impossible to find fault with this picture ; in its way it is perfect ; " The Boyhood of Raleigh," Walter Raleigh and his brother listening to the tale of a Genoese sailor (334), will charm a scarcely smaller class of spectators than that to which the last-named picture appeals. The three are sitting in the sun, behind a low pier or wall, whence we look, as from a battery, on to the sea, which, shimmering and barred with delicate hues of blue and green, reflects a sunny sky. At the feet of the group lie star- fish, seaweed, and the waste of a beach ; near them is a rusty anchor, and, by it, some stuffed birds of outlandish sorts and bright plumage, and dry flowers. These the mariner has shown to the enraptured lads, who, with faces that are equal in intensity of expression, differ greatly in character and beauty. The sailor has his back towards us, and points with outstretched arm, as if to the far-off land he describes, and raising the palm of the other limb so as to express his thoughts of the place and its wonders. The boys face us ; one is wrapped in thought, all in a heap, with hands clasped behind his knees, thrusting forth the gravest of childish faces with his potent eyes fixed on the speaker. The other lad is in black, holds his chin on his hands, his head a little on one side, and listens with hardly less heed than his brother. These expressions need no comment ; the faces are admirably painted. There is fine execution in the details of this work. Mr. Millais has re- produced, with evident pleasure, the salt- stained old timber which, bleached by suns, drenched in storms, and split by frosts, lies near the speaker. This is a work of extraordinary power, with a perfect charm in the eager boys. We reserve notice of Mr. Millais's other works. Many will turn to their catalogues of this gathering with pleas- ant memories of " Celia's Arbour," of last year, and previously painted works by Mr. G. D. Leslie. These pleasant memories will be revived by "Fortunes" (104). Groups of damsels are gathered in a garden, and on a rustic bridge over a watercourse. Four girls sit by the low wall of the pleasance at the side of the swift brooklet, a fifth and a child stand on the bridge ; a basket ol' flowers is at the feet of the latter ; from this they have cast full-blown blooms into the water, and in that mode of divination which is so ancient, and is still almost universal, essay to learn their nup- tial fortunes ; as the flowers sink, stay, or swiftly swim, so is presumed to be their ladies' luck. The water has already prophesied ill of one questioner, for her rose has gone to a little cascade ; another quickly floats along, its fate as yet undecided. Two damsels of the larger group sit on the wall : one wearing a white hat is gazing rather nervously at the roses in her lap ; another, with a puppy on her knees, has not yet attained a desire for secondsight of matrimonial fortunes. A gold brunette, with amorous eyes, gazes over the shoulder of the last and peers in lazy luxury at the trial. Another, demure and earnest, sits on the grass with a damask rose in her lap, holding it steadily and anxiously. This is a charming picture--the faces are exquisite, richly varied in beauty and expression ; the attitudes are finely varied and always graceful; the colour is deliciously tender and warm. It is Mr. Leslie's best picture. " Carry " (216), a young lady sitting in a greenhouse, and day- dreaming over a book, is a capital portrait. It will not be unfair to consider the work of one of the ablest of " outsiders " to the Royal Academy. Mr. F. Walker's picture "The Plough " (440), will attract all eyes, and will be much admired for its spirit and fine painting. It illustrates in a homely manner the verse of the Psalmist (civ. 23), " Man goeth forth unto his work and to his labour until the evening." A grand and grave landscape glows in the last solemn and fierce light of day, just when the moon's pale face stands behind rosy cumuli and over the tops of a line of Somerset- shire hills, which, formed of red sandstone, are quarried deeply in their flanks, and reflect the sun ardently ; trees fringe the edge of the excavation, and mark its summit against the sky. Deeply-lined sward sweeps in a grace- ful form towards us ; deep shadows lie among the foliage which gathers at its foot. A plough has, in the work of the day, trenched so as to form a broad band of purple earth, now that the work is nearly over, and the team and drivers are making a last turn nearly in front of the picture ; the team of two white horses has gone a little wrong in the course, or the share has caught at an obstacle, for the ploughman shouts to the horses and their attendant, and presses with all his might on the handles, as he guides them ; and the boy, a graceful figure, pulls at the bridle of the nearer and tiller horse, as he runs by its side, his lithe form contrasting with its bulk. A little stream, brimmed by autumn, and sparkling as it goes, rushes in a narrow bed along the foreground, hastening to the sea. Thistledown blows away, the leaves are nearly gone, the ashes and alders are almost bare. The colour of this picture is powerful and true, the drawing, not alone of the figures but of the trees, in every branch, and the herbage in each leaf is exquisite; the whole is as solid and brilliant as possible. It is a poem on canvas. Mr. Calderon has several brilliant pictures, the most important of which is "Spring driving away Winter" (1612). An old blue-robed woman is seated by a rock-well just thawed, and waims herself by a scanty fire; Spring, an exuberant, flushed damsel, comes suddenly round the corner of the nook, and pelts the other with fresh lilacs, of which her lap is full. She appears to have approached over the green and laughing sea of the distance, and the nearer yellow sands. This is a charming and spirited picture, with many exquisite points of colour, and there is grace in the young figure of the blooming virgin. Mr. Mason has a picture styled "Landscape, Derbyshire" (184). Cot- tages in twilight on the edge of a moor, and between a stream and a meadow ; in the dis- tance a range of mountains rise in many lines and effects of light which seem ' about! to meit ; shadows and veils of tender mist bar the glowing horizon on our left, but on our right the hills ' sink to the plain, which, with a greenish haze, foim the boundary on that side. Over the plain hangs a sky, which is golden on the edge, fading to ashy-purple clouds, the outlines of which are blurred by lower and fleecy vapours. The air is gathering gloom of dusky goldj its higher ranges aie filled with delicate clouds. With the houses is a clump of, trees which, breaking off, reveals the hills and a gap, in which is intense fire of sunset. In the twilight meadow a girl and a boy are at work.- It would be hard to render an account of the jioetical effect of these elements ; suffice, it that Mr. Mason never did better in this respect or in chiaroscuro and colours. Mr. Marks likewise is at his best with his pathetic and humorous " St. Francis preaches to the Birds ". (409). The story is well known, and was often painted in the fourteenth century, -notcworthily in the Church of the Saint at Assisi. The Saint saw the creatures gathered at a place near Bevagna, and, running hastily, saluted them as if they ? were his fellow s in reason, and, while they bent their heads in attentive expectation, he ad- monished them on their duty to God, so that the creatures were deeply moved and listened reverentially. In the picture, small birds arc ' perched on tlie branches of a leafless willow, and gathered about the Saint, the bigger at the foot of the tree, on the sward ; among these are the stork, crane, pelican, and other outlandish animals, with the duck, drake, &c;, of homelier breeds, waders with long legs for running on the sea sand ; rockbirds, that are almost leg- less, squat self-righteously, if one may say so, on the grass, as before on their perches ; here is a bittern, in his speckled brown suit ; there the dandy '" cobbler's-awl bird," neatly elad in black and' white.' As the " fasliionable wOrld " is apt to come late to church, so the urosets come late to the lecture, and ruffle their ways to their place with self-consciousness that is worthy of " the central aisle ; " here the carnal-minded kiiig-fisher, a flash of blue fire, flies to its prey ; there the swallow, heedless of service, swoops and swerves on the wing, between the preacher and his , audience ; gregarious geese come in a long line through the air, two and two, like a boarding school on a church-path. Tlie expressions of the creatures are as admi- rably depicted as their actions, so that the characterisation of the picture is as rich as it is humorous. Nor has the graver element of his subject been neglected by the witty painter : oiie bird is shown to take, not without ques- tioning, but still with simple faith, a dictum of St. Francis ; some are lazy ; others obtuse and .'Mat-headed fellows;" many silently imbibe. The designing of the Saint's figure and expres- sion is the finest part of the picture,-at once son owful and genial, impressive' and "hearty, grave and tuarc, ' eamest and cheerful ; in ii one sees the .converse to tlie spiiit which supplied so 'mach that was humorous and satiiical to the pictured birds. The Saint's companion stands behind, ' and, with palms crossed on his breast, is absorbed in devout attention. The landscape, which looks a little cold and hard at first sight, is ex- pansive, and renders the atmosphere with extreme felicity. The most important of Mr. l-j. M. Ward's contributions is that in which, with respect to vigour of design and power of painting, he returns to his most fortunate prac- tice. The subject is " Tlie Trial of Baxter, of ' The Saint's Everlasting Rest,' " by Judge Jeffreys (203). This happened in Westminster Hall on the same day that Titus Oates was pilloried. The ruffian bullied tlie prisoner, rejected his witnesses,insulted his counsel, and triumphed in a savage sentence. There he sits, ' with ermine and scarlet, tossing in his passion; he threatens the helpless _ minister with a fierce forefinger, and red in the face, with startling eyes and blatant lips, roars out his hate. Near him are his less bitter colleagues, amazed at tlie tempest. Sir Henry Ashton, a friend of Baxter's, resenting the fury of Jeffreys, staring with wrath and disgust, faces hiin. The ac- cused stands meekly bowing to the storm, and is not the most happily designed figure of the composition. Without being commonplace, he looks a little too meek and like one who was determined to be made a martyr; Baxter was not that. The figure of Sir II. Ashton is expressive, but rather ' trite in concep- tion and not very interesting. Tho- roughly in Mr. AVard's proper mood is the group (have, we (not seen the like before ?) of a bewigged beau, who shows to a patched and bedizened dame a caricature which, with the name of '. The Precious Pair," Baxter and Oates, insults the vVorthy and satirises the unworthy. The latter is seen through an open- ing standing in the pillory in Palace'Yard. In a sort of court-box, such as those days permitted in halls of justice, 'sits a'painted lady with a gentleman who is dressed m cloth of gold. The officers of the Court arc at the tables below the bench ; their heads are among the best Mr. Ward has ever produced, whether in respect to character or painting. The figure of Jeffreys shows the aptest and most powerful conception of such a character which we have seen for a long time. f X.in.-JrAKEHb.-In 1837 und 1838, owing to the competition of more cheaply-made Belgian nails, the English if mimasteis were forced to reduce their wages. In IS 12, the nailerb, finding thnt their craft was in danger fiom these reductions, broke out in riot. Twenty thousand of thein innsteicd and marched on to lindley, the head-quarters of the trade ; carrying off its piisoncis the litasteis ol' all nail warehouses they passed upon the road. They tried to capture the Dudley masters also, lint soldiers v\ ere hurried dow n from Birmingham, the lliot Act was lead, the rioters were scattered, and their pri- soners rescued. One consequence of this outbreak was that some of tlie best masters letired from the ti ade. In 18C0 there was another serious nailors' btrike, which lasted considerably more than a quarter of a year, and, of course, inflicted mych misery ort the strikers. Many would gladly hiyve gone to woik again, but were compelled to hold out by their fear that otherwise their bellows would be ripped or their nail-shops blown up with gunpow dei. At one time the nailers were, perhaps, the roughest people in all England. At election times tlity would attack the yeomanry with heated iron rojlb, and litter the ground with iron spikes to lame tlie horses. Punch's "'eave 'arl' a brick at nu" feebly represents the feeling with which a stranger was then regarued in a nailers' village. The inhabi- tants, being totally unable to; discover the intender's raison d'etre, were almost unanimously of opinion that he-ought to be put to death immediately. They were in the barbarous 'State Which gave hostis its double meaning-the foreigner must necessarily be a foe. Drinking in order to get drunk, gambling, bull bajting, pugilism, cock and dog fighting,' were the nailer's principal amusements. The three last still lin'ger, on the tsly, amongst the lowest clasbcs of nailers, 'but as public entertainments they have shared for, the last twenty years the fate of the previously put-down bull-baiting. Pigeon-flying is now the fast nailer's, pet sport. -It beems harmless enough, but like hurbo-racmg, it has got so mixed up with scamp ishness, that to say of a nailer, "Oh, he's a regular pigeon-flyer" is equivalent to saying that he is better known than . trusted, i There may still, be some gambling amongst the men, and the boys openly practise it, clustering at pitch and toss,/not ih holes and .corners, as,London, boys are nojiv forced to do, .but in the public thoroughfares., When copper coin is bcarce tlie young gamblers squabble with ,flubhod faces over brass buttons. As to.the'.diimkenness,. that also may, still, be found amongst the nailers, as amongst other dwellers in the dreary Black Country and its, grasued and wooded, gi áccfuUymididating'Worcestershire fringe. Publio hoiises,. with fender-like perforated brassj wiiidow bliaidbAnll polished brass, or pal Hy painted green aid very common objects 'in that pait of the world. Titree dingy gilt balls are very - common objects also, and sometimes, for customers' .convenience bake, tlie pawnbroker's bign dangles next doo»'to die publican's. But the jiailer does not drink as he used to drink. Tlüity years ago lie thought- it would be disgraeeful if 'he did not get drunk pretty frequently : now theie » nie a good many nailers who would be' very much ashamed of themselves if they got drunk at all. In tlie last Factories 'Blue Book, J know, there is a report'On the Sedgley nailer« which makes' out amongbt other things- to their discredit, that they would almost sell their souls for beer ; but I have authority, at least every whit as good aa that of tho wiiter ofthat report, for asserting that, even if it be fair to take the report as a correct picture of the i Sedgley nailer, it would be grossly unfair to take the, Sedgley nailer so sketched, as typical of his class. Apiopos of beer, a buperiutendcut of police' in the nailing! districts told me that the recently enacted law which'tines the buyer as well as the seller.of beer, vi lieu the stile is made after the legal hours, had already proved very beneficial there.-Good Words, BOOK PuuirsiirxG 'IN I860.-A statistical view of the publishing ? trade during the past twelve months mayïnterest. During thafporiod our columns have given the full transcript of title-pages, with size, price, publishers' names, and number of pages, of til36 books, lliis gross number includes '167 of mere re- entries for changes of price, and 397' imported new | books from America, leaving a total of new books and new editions published in Great Britain from January 1 to December 30, 18G9, of 4572. It is worthy of note the large numbers of new editions that have appeared during the year, three-tentlis, or nearly 'one'-third of the whole : demonstrating towards one of two conclu- sions, either that publishers are now more scrupulous in distinguishing'their reprints, or else that thercare really more successful books published than ve had believed in. It may be interesting ' to give a summary in months of 'issue,' as showing the variations of i>eriodical ¡ircssure on the literary market :- ' ' . ' New New ' ' American Bocks. 'Editions, Importations. January .. 219 ' .. 7G .. -10 February ... 166 . .. ?. 72 .. 39 . March ¡. 309.185 .. . ,30 April .. '.. 223 " .. l18 ..- 21 , Mny .. " .. 313 ".. 117 ... öl . June... , , ,.., 218 , ..' , 104 .. ,.35 July ., , '., 210 .., ' 70, .. 40 Aright .. 243' .. 102 . ..' 30 September .. 1C0' ' .. '*'89 ' ..' ' 32 October .. 378 ".. 144' . .. 27 November' .. '354 .'. '125 ' .. 28 December . ' .. 4G0 ' li 117 .. 24 > ? 3253 - W19 397 Making the total during the twelve months of 4969 new books and new editions. A classification of the subjects of these works gives, as last year, one- fourth to ¡Theology, 1049 ; Education, Philology, and Classi- cal Literature, 478 ; Juvenile Works, 603 ; Novels and other Works of Fiction, 4G4 ; Political and Social Economy, and Trade and Commerce, 324 ; Arts and Sciences, and Fine Art Books, 343 ; .Law, 143 : Travel and Geographical ltesearch, 290 ; History and Biography, 295 ; Poetry and the Drama, 275 ; . Year, I i Booksfand bound volumes of Serials, 237 j Medicino I , and Surgery, l61 ; Mi»cellancous( 407 ;-total, 4969. | I --Publishers' Circulm: 