White L.Ics. The are few toin^s with regard tr- whioh popular morality is more lax and elastic than what too many allow thomsolves to oall ' white lies.' People who would shrink from telling a downright untruth, thiuk comparatively little of quibbling and equivocating, of ' paltering in a double sense,' of tolling half the truth (like Ananias) as if it were tho whole, of prevaricating and shuf&ing; whou chargod with a fault oraskeda plain question, of practising dirty tricks in business beoauso other peoplo do the samo, of tolling a sorvant to say they are 'not at home,' or of acting deceitful in various othor ways. But the faot is, that there is no such thing in reality as a white lie ; and the expression is most micohievous, for no 'falsehood can be harmless or- allowable, -Any conscious deviation fro, m.tho . strict iice. of truth, however trifling it may ^soem- at tho timo, is to till intents and purposes a he ; and beine a lie it is a verv black thing, coming straight from him who was a liar from the beginning, and is tho father of it. There, is a difference between what is oalled material and actual falsehood, which is often loBt sight of. Suppose, for instanoe, I affirm a thing that is not really true, although I firmly believe it at the time to be so. That is a material, but not au aotual falsehood ; and no blamo attaches to it. On tho other hand, I may affirm what is strictly true in itself, but if, at the time, I believe it to be false, or stato it intentionally in such a way as to lead to a false inforeuce.or in any way attempt or intend to deceive, I am guilty of an actual, though perhaps not of a material falsehood. And my. offence iB just as great as if I had direotly asserted what I knew to bo untrue ; that is, as if I had told a falsehood both materially and actually whioh is too often tho only thing recognised and denounced as a regular lie. Obviously, thereforo, it is the intention to decoive which constitutes a lie ; whether it be by the snpptessio veri or the suggestio falsi — whether by acting an untruth or telling it— whether by simultation of dissimulation. So that lying includes muny things besides merely saying ' the thing that is not.' Many people act as if tbey thought that the guilt is avoided, or at any rate lessened, if they can so oontrive as not to utter a formal untruth j but in faot they only aggravate their sin by committing it thus deliberately and striving to evade the law pf God. Exaggeration is anothor form of this evil, and a.very common one. Some people have acquired the habit of adorning and heightening the aolour of whatever they speak about, with the view of increasing the effect ; so that when tbey relate a conversation we have heard, or an occurrence we have witnessed, wo are sometime almost puzzled to recognise it. They seem to view everything through a magnifying glass.- Ludicrous examples of this are oecasionally affordod ' in tbe oross examination of witnesses in tho courts of law. Tho adjectives of such folk are always in the superlative; and their expressions about small matters are so strong and overstrained, tbat when anything occurs really demanding forcible languago they, are unable to produce any effect.- They have already exhausted their vooabulary, and case hardened their audience by the habitual employ ment of highly wrought words, whioh everyone felt to be destitute of their real meaning : not that there is in every such case: a .wilful; ' intention to mislead, for many are so accustomed to exaggerate and to make a mountain . out of a molehill, that tboy do it at last quite- unoonsciously. They seem to have no preception of the relative value of words, and really to be unable to speak correctly. But iB manifest that this habit mu9t seriously interfere with that accuracy of thought, truthful ness of mind, and tenderness of consciousness, whioh aro so desirable, especially in all those ' who profess and call themselves Christians.' Moreover, thia habit obeys the same laws of increaso as other things. Indulgence in one form of untruthfulness will assuredly lead to anothor ; for the beginning of evil is ob the letting forth of water, and white lies (as it basbeen well expressed) are only the gentlemen ushers to blaok ones. One lie gonerally requires to be backed up by another, and tbe habit iB soon formed of ' measureless lying.' Tbe descent is easy and imperceptible, till you oome out finally ' an infinite and endleBS liar,' (as ShakoBpeare has it,) skilled in every shado of 'the lie circumstantial and the lie direct,' ' from solid lying to distinguish truth,'' and in all the varieties of ' lies probable, lie8 fantastical, and lies well steeled with weighty arguments.' ' 111 deeds are seldom slow to single^ But following crimes on formor wait : Tho worst of creatures fastest propogate.' ' Show me a liar, and I will show you a thief,' says good George Herbert. Besides which, as hftB been already, hinted, thia practice defeats its own end. It is the old fable of ' Wolf 1 wolf I' over again ; for thoughtful people Boon learn by exporienoe to make a deduotion from Buoh persons' statements. They toke them cum grano salis, allowing a considerable margin for the use of the magnifying glass aforesaid. And so it comes to paBs that these hyperbolic and imposing narratives, works of art though tbey be, often carry less weight and produce less effeot than a few comparatively tQtno.and unadorned sentenoos from those whom wo have found to weigh their words before using them. Still, they do not a little harm ; for Bome will always take them literally, and thus arise not a few of the false reports in the world Befrare, therefore, of untruthfulness in any shape, of' whatsoever maketh a lie.' You hate tho oharacter of a liar ; thou frequent not the dangerous boundaries between truth and falsehood. Acoustom yourself to speak ' the truth, the whole truth and nothing but tbe truth.' Principiis ohsta. Avoid equivocation ; avoid exaggeration ; avoid 'white lies.' Lot your maxim end your aim be always, 'Whatsoever things are true' Among the ancient nationB. as among the heathen still, skilful lying was deemed, 'not a disgrace, but an accofaplislimeut. It is Chrietian morality which sa'yB, ' Putting owuy lying, epeak every muo.truth with bie neighbour/' Life iu L'ed— We all know that sleep is as necessary as food to tho support of animal life. Our vital machinery would soon Woar out without it,* and if it were not for tho intervals of healthful insensibility that sleep affords to tho brain, we should all go mad with too muoh thinking. Even plants sleep ; and tbo cold lymph that flows through their venous systems would cease to circulate if^tho aotivo principles of their existence wero not recruited by reposo. Children are believed to grow faster when asleep than when awake; and, although some smart modem philosophers have advanood the theory that it is possible for a man to live and enjoy life without sleep, the doctrine, liko the equally ; absurd dogma that it is possible ' to livo without j sustenance, is so ? manifestly ridiculous ' that, common senso langbs it to scorn. . But bed is not for sleep solely. We lie down to slumber J i but wo pass, many an hour in bed calculating, planning, hoping, imagining. The course of our lives is shaped, to some extent, as we lie between the sheets and blankets, Of the still night and early morn are horn mighty sohemes that are carried out in the stirring day. The mind awakens from a profound and dreamless slumber with all its faculties invigorated and emboldened. Difficulties that appalled us when fatigued and overworn, loso half thoir terrors in the presence of an intellect strengthened by perfect rest. Sleep is to the brain what prostration on the bosom of mother earth was to the Titans: we rise from it ' giants refreshed.' Perhaps tbe myth which represents tbe knocking down of those rebellious demi.gods as having such a genial effect on their musoular powers was intended to typify the uses of ' tirod Nature's sweet restorer,' There are both strength and wisdom in tho pillow ; else why should tbe prepriety of consulting it havo grown into proverb ? Ddbiin Sixty Years Since'— In splendour of equipage, inprinoely entertainments, in dress, and in retinue generally, Dublin equalled any city of Europe. Carriages, with six horses, were the fashion of tho day, and as many as thirty such equipages have been oounted on tho ovening drive of the ' Circular Road,' as tho modish promenade was' then called. The Court of the Viceroy was more than the rival of St. James' in toilette and beauty ; while society took a prido in showing that, besides mere material display, there were characteristics of wit and ogreeability which oould not be surpassed in tho richer country. Eccentricities of every kind were in vogue, as though men were bent on the display of traits and habits as unlike as possiblo to tho graver ways and tastes of England rash and absurd wageB were peculiarly the fashion : and Buok Wballey, as he was called, made bis colebrated bet to walk to Jerusalem ; and' Beauohan Bagenal astonished Europe by a retinue that eolipsed many of the petty Princes of the Continent and by a series of extravaganoes that made bim famous throughout EnropeJ : He fought a Royal Duke, courted an Infanta, intoxicated a Doge of Venioe, carried off a nun from an ltalian convent, and ended , his exploits with a duel, in whioh he disarmed tbe first swordsman of Paris. Were not thnse traits 1 enough to endear bim to his countrymen, and give him all tho popularity that Ireland could beBtow ? especially when, returning to hjs native land and hiB paternal estate, be declared that the 1 world had ! nothing to compare with his own country, and added patriotism as a member of Parliament to his other virtues! — Comhill Magazine. A Dog's Memory. — The memory ol dogs is quite extraordinary, and only equalled by that of tbo elephant. Mr Swuinaon, in his work on inseots and animals, giveB the following proof of this. Ho says that a spaniel belonging to tbe Rev H. N , being always told that he must not follow hia master to church on Sundays, used, on those days, to set off long before tbe service, and lie concealed under the hedge, so near the ohurob, that at length the point was yielded to him.' ' My little parlour dog never offers to go with me on Sunday although on other days he is perfectly wild to accompany me in my walks. In my younger days I bad a favorite dog wbich always accom panied mo to ohurch. My mother, seeing that ho attracted too much of my attention, ordered the sorvant to shut him up every Sunday morning. This was done onco, but nover afterwards ; for ho concealed bimsolf early every Sunday morning, and I was sure to find him either under my seat at churoh, or else at the ohurch door. — ' Anee dote of Dogs,' by Edward Jesse. OlD Bones. — The oldest remnant of mortality extant is the skeleton of one of the earlier Pharaohs (encased in its original burial robes, and wonderfully perfeot considering its age), wbioh was deposited, about eighteen or twenty months ago, in tbe British Museum, and-is justly considered the most value of all its archssological treasures. Tbe lid of the coffin whioh oontained the royal mummy was inscribed with the name of its oocupant, Pharaoh Mykerimus, who suoceeded the heir of the builder of tho Great Pyramid, about twenty two oenturies before Christ. Only think of it ? The monaroh whose crumbling bones and leathery integuments aro now exciting the curiosity and wonder of crowds of gazers in London reigned in Egypt I efore Abraham was born, and only about two centurios or so afterMizraim, the grandson of old Father Noah, and first of the Pharaohs, had been gathered to his fathers ! Why, tho tide mark of the Deluge could scarcely have been obliterated, or the gopher wood knee timbers of tbe Ark have rotted on Mount Ararat, when this man of the early world lived, moved, and bad his being 1 His flesh and blood wero contemporary with the progenitors of the great patriaroh, bis bones and shrivolled skin are contemporary with the nineteenth century, and tho dato of the Crucifixion is only about midway between bis ara and ours. When bo florished, ' remote antiquity ' bad but just begun, : ' Tue caption are numerous in the newspapers words possess for us' a siSnificltDce ot|lc' j, ' 11 that which tho item discusses. The poetic bi%! of tho world, ('the truest poetry is theJ feigning ) gives - severally the Goldeu A» when all was iunoceut; the Silver Afie, when !l! was not quite sd innocent;' the Iron. Age, nbe! all was the roverso of innocent ; and tbes'o threa arc embraced inrthe .geologist's; 'Ago often'. wh ich, by its culmination, is proved uot to be a success. It is, however., apparent from manf signs of tho times, and portents, and bed's wi f aihng tbem for fear, , that \ye aro' on/ the eve' of change— n 'change, stupendona '.change 1' '?% enter «pon;an era of that mviteL tl-in'g— thoAgo.'pf^ W.pmuh';- She ia:. rising^in her I ' might, and smiting us under the fifth rib. ' lj],8 | . theispnt eagle, stretched upon the plain, w|,(, i; was grioved to recognise his own feather arrow's shaft, so may we leal when mortally ^ ? pierced in the very spot whence wo blindly givet \ l rib to make tho unnatural creature out of. We ' need not, however, give way to feelL of !' despair Tho experiment of producing anything : creditable under our management having J ' in a singularly complete way, we tnay infer t|llt tbe future -state of this man cannot posssiblr = prove worse than his past; so shall wo look ' orward to the Ago of Woomrm-sainte] t Wcoman, with curiosity not uncheered bra ' glimmering ray of hopo, . It j3 uot wlj1|? ^ impossible that she maybe destined to lead us b*ck by the path of that silver time, when «iD9 ? was made from grapes and tobacco grew wild to I' tho Golden period before % trees w0.o alripLj - off their leaves, and . liona and lambs (from D0 I very obvious motive) lay down together, aud He '- (ormer doubtless ato grass. Wo shall then oil t warble (probably in poetry) even as tl,n j. : now, and Hawthorno's dainty vision of lb ?' New Adam and Eve ' will he realised. Then will no. man be king for .every woman shall ba queen ; we shall live; in caves like our ancestors troglodytes, nnd shall gather grapes of tboros and figs of thistles. The -last is ouriooaly, the practice of the ass at this day. What aro we to infer 7— San Francisco News Letter, Morning Calls and Modern Extba gance. Of late a decided rouction has set in against these senseless' morning calls as the media of informal socoal intercourse; of which reaction the outcome may be -seen in the ' At Homes' the 'Five o'clock teas,' the 'Days,' nom'o popular' among our ladies.' And ' deservedly popular.. For. at least these arrangements let ui know whoro we are and what wo havo to ixpect, ' and tell us that we need not go on Buch and such days and hour if we wish to shirk our friend?, but that if we- wish to see them wo are sure to find them then and. there ; and though substin- j tiully hearts may be no truer at a drum thin r any where else, semblances are so muoh the more [ honest and observances less absurd, which ii something gained in this -ridiculous life of ours ; we call social. In these afternoons, too, every one is slightly less forma), and, -so far as the men go, less dressed, than in the more stalely ; evening ?' at homes.' As for the women, do what we may, they will. turn.. every sooial mealing into an occasion for finery and display j and evil in houses where you , aro ..expressly told™' not dress parties ' tho hostess herself leads tho wij, and is the foremost to deck herself out in b-r : best bravery, to tho style of wbioh hor ga;-!i ! must conform if they would not be us much out of harmony as the violins of on orohestra playing I F. sharp whilo the harp and trombones an giving out threo flats £^It iB by no moans saying that women ought not to regard their stylo snd beauty as great good gifts to be carefully guarded ond preserved, with all duo honor, to tho Jul possible moment, if we regret, as all thonghtlil persons must, the mad love of dress and pereoml adornment which rules them as a sex. Itii this which makes sooiety so difficult, safe to the very wealthy. We oannot meet in anything U) simplicity ol oircuinstonoe or attire lor tho saka of pleasant conversation, or the kindly interest which we take one in anothor. It Mil be always more or less a matter of toiletts-a field day for gowns and bonnets to prank themselves before oyes more envious or mot# exultant than admiring — a battle grouud where tho spirits of rival milliners and ghosts el rivial purses do shadowy strifn together; for even nice womon are not oshamcd lo rank thomselvos no higher than clothes borsiij and to think their value depends on tbe money worth of their gowus, represented either by value of material or originally of out. Audit this is true of nice women, who havo minds acJ soul s, what is it of those who have notN of tho one and but very little of the other ? Why, they are all clothes horses and nothing else all mere dummies, upon which to hang . so much silk and velvet,' bo many tags of laco and ribbon) aud their worth i3 exaotly commensurate kM the last acoount their milliner sent in, ond tbe amount of pin money assigned to tliem.for tbs creation of tbo typical ducks and drakes. Ad as, unfortunately for the world, thero are asyst more dummies than real mon and women, clothes horses than clothes wearors, tbo whole avenues of sooiety got chooked with tho rres!' and numbers carry the day . if weight of brsj« does not. If it were not for theso wosLj-^ soon be able to inaugurate a really simple sl)'! of Booiety vory different from anything wg I1®' now.'— Queen , WhyarejokeB likenutB? Beoause tbo d''*1 they ore the better thoy crook. A sensible physician says that bccause o nl8I1'j given to liquor, it is no roason why liq.uor sb®1 be given to the man. . . . When is a sailor most lilte atliiof ? ' CI1 takes bis messmate's watch. ^ Bj Printed and Published by tho Proprietors, A K] CAMi'iiKM, and Joseph IIaiit, i p^tinr p; wahbaMeuouhv, 'GonoralLotterlio j K. Oflico, corner ol tho Hi Illawarra, on TuoBday, May Slat, I 7 ?; Bp 