MALDOA' POLICE COURT Thursday, March 31,1S70. Before tbe P.M. aud Messrs Court in, and Lawrence, J.'aP.) AE-o.s'. William Bunnell was charged with this pffeuce. H. Taylor deposed: — I am tbe holder of an eighty acre piiddock, two miles from my own residence, aud of a but within 300 yards of tbe paddock fence. Prisoner worked for me, aud, with my permission, occupied the but. and was the only one wbo was there. Had to complaiu to prisoner as to his work wu two or rbree different occasions. Ou Saturday, tbe 14fh of September, asked prisoner why he bad left work aud he said it was time as it was Saturday. I said it was not as he knew I was coming to roll some logs. 1 then said it isfime.fur vou to go, and then tie said he would bura tbe btoOdy hut, aud destr. y my fence. The nrxt day be came and promised to do oetter. My wife interceded fur biui, and I took bim on again. Ou the Monday, tbe 16tb, be called apain and got an axe, a week's rations, and a pair of mol-akiu trousers. The nxe produc-d is the same. I eu|i|>osed be was th-ii gone to work, but, on Wednesday, 1 went to tbe but and found it destroyed by fire, and the »xe produced amidst the embers. I have noi seen prisoner from that dine to this. Mounted Constable Byrne : On Wednesday, the Stb ot September, the last witness reported that bis hut bad been burned down, and that the prisoner had threatened to barn tbe bloody bat and let tbe fence down. Advised Taylor to b>dge an information, and get a warrant for prisoner's apprehension. I tlier. went tn the place and saw tbe remnantB of tbe hut. There were no siens of a bush fire. Went in search of prisoner, but could get no trace whatever of bim while I was at B tringbup. This was tbe case, and Mr Reynolds asked if there was the slightest necessity for biin to go iuto tbe defence. The Bench wou'd like to hear evidence, as the prisoner bad threatened and absconded. J.*meB Frs»erald: Have known the prisoner for about three years, and never knew bim to lie ch-rged with any crime On Monday, the 6 b of Sep 1 .1 siw tbe prisoner, and slept in tbe hut with biin oil that night; we bad arranged to ao to * rush on Sydney Flat. Bendigo. Oil Tuesday nioruine, at daylight, myself and prisoner left the but. and came through Mildun. Prisoner left me to get a watch, and overtook IDP; . we then went on the road, and stopped at Lockwood. We worked at Bullock Creek diggings fir tiiree or four mouths. Prisoner could not have had time to return to Biringhup and back, wbeu be said he was going for bU Witch. - The Bench discharged prisoner, but cautioned him as to the danger of usiri? threats. BTBALING BOOTS. James M*Gnire, alias Sbarfcie, was charged with stealing boots from George iie«rd. The offence was very clearly proved. Mr Beard had kindly eutertained a " brother chip," and tbe return was the stealing of two odd hoots, which tbe prisoner afterwards sold (in tbe dark) to Mr Brown, tif Eaglebawk. ' Prts'iper.pleaded drunkenness, and was sentenced imprisonment ; He bad been xrrestel on leaving gaol, and' the same " happy ch nice," we are told, awaits him when biB present sentence expires. The court then adjourned. AK ENORMOUS KANGAKOO KILLED. —Mr Thos M'Uouald, of Duratnana (says tbe hathurzl lima), killed ou the road at the back of Mount Haukeii, ab'ant six miles from Bithurst, one of tbe largest kangaroos ever seen in that district,. Mr MDonald was accompauied by two dogs, and shortly after being sighted the " old man " was brought to b»y. 'ifcere was uo heavy timber in the immediate vicinity of the spot, so tbat tbe veteran of the forest was unable to obtain any back support in the shape of a large tree, and was placed rather at s disadvantage when attacked by his canine opponents. lie defended himself with great obstinacy, however, and it was not until bed had been brought to earth twelve lames tbat lie "gave np the ghost" Daring ths attack Mr M'Donatd stood close it baud with a loaded gua ready to deapatdi the kangaroo in tbe ev«it of either of the dogs being «eiz*d ; but bwing to the vrideness with which they bpth fought, they dia not sdsUin a «ingld, -MX^tcfif'^Uj^v J«ng" tneksured the animal vpas fM«|ia to Jis.ibver Sft inllengtb, and itis (eEhmated^ftltwfijgbcdupwardsrjf Shut pie tail aloiiS, '^w' tut ift, measured 4ft 3in in length, by 24in iu circumfoLnce at the thickest J^tt, and its vpeigb t was : -; ; 