[?] The man who would try to stab a ghost would stiok at nothing. What is the color of grass with snow on it f —Invisible green. Ati adverfcibement in a provincial paper beginB thus— Toietfor ever, or longer if re quired. . . . . . ? ' , The old lady who1 mended her htasbands trousers with a patch of grass iu now emoothing her own hair with the cemb of a rooeter. There is a farmer in Yorkshire who has a mile of children. His name is. Furlong, and he has four boys and four girls— Eight furlongs one mile. At a wedding the other day one of the guests, who is often a little absent, observed gravely— I have .remarked that there have been a vast deal more women than men married this year. A countryman recently came to purchase an article of household necessity, And in passing a music shop observed— AH sorts of wind in struments for sale here. He forthwith stepped hi for a pair of bellows. ' .; ' A youngster was once desired to state his views of the downfall ot the Boman Empire. In reply he wrote that after mature reflection and extensive reading, he concluded that. the cause of the ruin-of that gigantic empire was -—its bottom fell out. Bather a new view of the subject- . ' ? ? : A good joke is told of the 93rd Highland Eegiuientatthe battle of Balakkva. When the Russians came with a flagof truce the next day, they asked what the people, with the pet ticoats were, and a wag replied that they were the wives' of the men 'who rode on the white horses (tub Scots Greys).: ?,?;.-.?. Josh; Briiraotfe (SttPE of the Pen. — The .' wisest thing about a man ja hiz con Bcienoe---edukBshun dont improve.^t. , ,If you want tew find out the ruling pashun' 'of A boss feed him high on pate— it is jissTOwith man kind. The more babies in a family the eszier and better they are raized— one chicken alwuz gives an oldhen mpte bucking and eorajtshing than » rtnssen dor. ;It rtakes an ^lncommon ' smart man now dase'tew make money by tell ing the Wth^it U aktually an evidense of genius'.' Moat of 'the 'epitaffis on ttie tomb stans read like gide books tew the great ,city, end without them a' great menny would take the rong rode. Death it, the only thine in this life that is certain ; and eren that aint alwni a safe investment. Bnmor is a vagrant without a home, and lives upon what it kan pick up. 