ODD NOTES BY A BOHEMIAN. WALSH evidently forgot himself on Wednes-<*> day, in moving the second reading of the Civil Service Deduction Bill. He must have thought he was on the other side of the House when he declared that "there were very few vices in i which the Ciril servants did not participate.' ; Ministers of the Crown don't speak so plain as that respecting the employes in their depart- ! ments, and Walsh discovered his error after King had called attention to it, and Palmer had had a prirate conversation with him on the subject. He then said "he had the greatest regard for the Ciril seirants, and thought that as a body they would contrast favorably with any other class of the community." I fancied I could detect a slight tinge of irony in the tone in which this latter sentence was ottered, and there was a smile mantling over the face of the Secretary for Works as he uttered it—but he did not langh outright. No, he kept his countenance very well indeed. I wonder how the Civil servants in the Ministers' gallery liked it ? There was a lot of them there at the time. Oeo. Thorn used to be a small Civil servant under Macalister, and I understand that he was a very humble and obedient servant. This may account for the firm stand he now takes against his late confreres. "As a body," the Civil servants in this colony are undoubtedly as honest, industrious, courteous, and altogether as estimable as—bankers' clerks or any other sec tion of the aristocracy of this great colony—and that is saying a great deal, mind you. Hut the most, striking point brought out in the debate was that Ministers and everybody else in the House acknowledged that there were " indivi duals" in the service who possessed none of these qualities—only possessed their opposites in fact—and yet there was no means of getting rid of them. The only Civil servants who could be got rid of were those who had fewest political friends, and as a rule these were the worst paid and most efficient officers in the service. This was brought out very clearly, and I was glad it was so, because its on record no*, and it proves several things. It shows the great advantage of a colony commencing with representative self-government, and all the requisites for becoming an independent nation, without those checks and trammels which would other wise hamper its progress. Supposing we had commenced as a Crown colony, do you think that in eleven years we could have reached the pitch of greatness to which we have now at* ! tamed ? Here we have a public debt of four or five millions—a Civil Service universally ad mitted to be far too big for the colony, but so beautifully organised and packed with "Tite Barnacles" that it cannot be reduced. Besides all this, we have a number of other luxuries only attainable by communities possessing constitu tional self-government. The mother country was several hundred years before it attained to so respectable a position—only think of that! That " Gold-field* Homestead BUI" of King's is a most iniquitous measure, and the persistence with which the Opposition, in committee, last night, insisted upon its worst features being re tained, shows how strong a prejudice they have against squatters—the only producing interest worthy of the name in the colony—as Mr. Hmly S*Z J"*l* ob»«™i- I was truly sorry for flalj while that bill was going through committee. It was cruel of Btepbens, Miles, Atkin, and others to poke him np so. After all that Haly has said about his yearning desire to see th« country settled by alargeand thriving population with steam-ploughs and irrigation every where except on squatters' runs, it ought to be taken for granted that he is about the beat friend the agriculturists have in the House. De Satge1 is very anxious to encourage agricul tural settlement, but he is young and inexpert •need. Haly knows what the country is, and he is also down to all the tricks by which pre teaded friends of the cultivator endeavor to entrap him into settling on land which would be the ruin of him. He detected the principle of "free selection before survey" in King's bill when nobody else did. He very properly insisted on having the term v gold-field " pro perly defined in the bill, but could not get sufficient support to carry hi* point. He has a lively recollection of the drought of twenty-five years ago—a calamity which might befall us •gain at any time—and in the interests of humanity he spurns the idea of enticing con fiding cultivators to their nun. Ho, agriculture is a capital thing, but that drought twenty-five years ago dearly proves that it cannot be entered upon with the slightest prospect of success, until steam-ploughs and irrigation come in. I like Haly. He is logical. He has a warm heart. His gorge rises at the thought of tempting men to their ruin, and therefore be wanted to prevent mobs of diggers from fossick ing about on the gold-fields, which would only yield half wages, and completing their ruin by attempting to cultivate a few acres of land during the slack times. As he very truly ob served—a hundred diggers with their wives and families settling down on a nun's run in this fashion would about ruin him j and what would become of the colony then? But the tyrannical Opposition would not listen to him; and unless he can get the bill stopped in the Council, it will become law, a doien or more squatters will be ruined, some thousands of diggers, their wives and families, will be ruined by attempting to culti vate land without steam-ploughs and irriga tion,—and in fact there is no knowing where the ruin will stop. Poor Johnny Bramston! Beat at last. Just what I expected. That ride to the Mitchell was ominous. You will now have to wait until the Re-distribution of Electorates Bill passes before you havea ghost of a ehanee for the Lower House. In the meantime M'Devitt will slip in as At torney-General, and you will be snuffed out for years to come. It is hard—very hard; but it cannot be helped. If the Elections Qualifications Committee could not come to the conclusion that Handy was a Roman Catholic priest after getting married and attending the Church of England for a number of years—why it just showed their ignorance—that's all. I find I was wrong about that seiiure of the still at the back of Queen-street. The Inspec tors of Distilleries had nothing whatever to do with it. There is no merit whatever due to them in th« matter. They knew that the owner had a license, so they took no further notice. No, it was an energetic officer of the Customs who made the seisure. This gentleman has distinguished himself before on several occasions, but never to such effect as on the occasion re- ! ferred to. I was not present, but I am informed that he smashed the windows with the greatest boldness, unshipped the still, tasted the liquor, and then when he found the license, he smashed all the tasting glasses. Zeal like this ought to be rewarded. Thb architect of the building constituting the Houses of Parliament has ingeniously contrived that in the Chamber of the Legislative Aftembly bee abaU be heard in the Press Beporters' Gal toy than anywhere eke. It it simply impoesi bl« that the reporters oan catch aU that v said. Bat this is not the only difficulty that they ex perience. The conversation that is going on. and more especially on the Ministerial Bench, during some of the speeches prevent* more than > word here and there being heard in the gal. lery above. It seems, however, that in the Chamber of the Assembly sound rtnsocnds better than it ascends. The Colonial Secretary com plained on Wednesday evening of voices being heard in tk* Reporters' Galler y; but we areaaeured that the only cause for his complaint was that the reporters made totto voee inquiries amongst themselves with the object of ascertaining the drift of the indistinct mutterings of one of the •pesters. Every speaker in the Assembly has not the same power of lungs as Mr. Palmer; and, as a rule, the substanoe of their remarks can only be guessed at. Thi traffic on the Southern and Western Railway, for the week ending December 10, was as follows :—Passengers, £264 Bs. 9d.; parcels, £17 Is. 9d.| miscellaneous, £16 17s. 10d.; goods, £1698 Is. 3d. i total, £1990 9s. 7d. Construction, £60 9s. 64. 