ME. SPTTEGKEON ON EEYIVALS [ In the course of an address^ deliv ered- at the opening of the M'Cheyne Memorial Church in Dundee, the -Rev. Mr. Spurgeon, said that if M'Cheyne was unfortunate in having a bad de livery, there is no sort of use in other people trying to imitate it. The very best is. that which is natural; and if any brother does 'whine naturally, I suppose I must let him whine.. (Laugh ter.) But for any person .to cultivate a bad habit because he supposes it is holy, is simply detestable-(laughter and applause):-and rather the emblem of the hypocrbe than of the straight forward man. ("Hear" and laughter.) | "Wh at men-should imitate in M'Cheyne is his holiness, his love of God, his in-? tense earnestness, his simplicity ; and^ see that they exhibit those graces in their own lives. (Applause;) " There are so many persons now-a-days who think that souls cannot be brought to God by the simple preaching of the Gospel, and that yon must combine with it-I don't; like to designate the combination by too censorious a term -a singular degree of excitement (laughter)-that you must not only rant yourself, but you must have your followers rant also, and that your hearers should . hardly know- wh ether they are on their heads or on their heels~-:(great laughter)-before they are in the state in which Christ is likely to deal with tbera. Now, M'Cheyne did nothing; of the kind. He created excitement, but it was ex citement which: the. solemn truth ear nestly spoken: must always excite in earnest minds. It is a horrid thing that getting up a revival; the way is to get down a revival from heaven-, (applause.) Get.the Holy, Ghost to rest on the preacher: and, that he may employ the means with greater efficiency, he may introduce that which will tend to promote variety and keep up interest, but not by running into the extraneous. There are some divines who go so deep down into the subject that they stir up ' the mud at the bot tom, so that we cannot see them, and they hardly know where they are them selves.-(Laughter.) Then there is a kind of oratory intended to conceal barrenness of thought-consisting of very long words, very long sentences ; indeed, you hardly know where the sentences begin.-(Laughter.) You cannot recollect, they seem to have j commenced in so remote an ago; and j where they will end perhaps even Dr.! Cumming would not be able to tell. (Loud laughter.) These orators con duct you into the clouds, and, unfortu nately, they leave you there:--(Laugh ter.) Then there are some gentlemen who are very fond of perorations.- j (Laughter.) Somebody; talked about i beginning with perorations. Some ministers, begin and end with them, i -(laughter)-and the whole sermon j is like the operation oif a lamp-lighter; up the ladder and down again, with all sorts of climaxes. I think that-."is what they call theua.--(Laughter.) It is a great sin this; . I would not put it side by iside with murder or adultry, but then it murders (a man's useful ness, and does ^jgreatV damage to the cause.-(Applause.) The only perora tion J would use would bo to* fire the last gun I - had right in the sinner's face; but I would not do that merely to make him feel how grandly I should | wind up, astonishing him like the | lights that used to ascend from Vaux hall as" the evening< closed.-(Ap plause.) What is the good of this, except to glorify the man ? but we are not here for the glorification of man, but for the glorification of Christ by the elevation of men's souls. I (Applause.)' "We"are often; preaching: i sermonB to the working men which are insults to them - (applause);-but I have been thinking of taking "this hall and preaching only to . the rich men-jute manufacturers, for instance -(laughter)-this west enders-inti mating that nobody will be admitted except he declare that he is worth £40,000. : "What a mass of iniquity there .would be in this hall, I doubt not!--(Great laughter.): Well, well, I believe- all -classes are pretty much alike. The credit is always given to, a. man that he .is a deep thinker if he starts something that is quite off the* track, and away from the true line. It is well they sh ould tell us they are thought ful, for weshould not have known it if they .had. not informed us of it;; Tou may depend upon it, brethren, that the best philosophy in the world is to be found in the old Calvinistic doctrine. (-loud applause ;) and I believe that there are in the Confession of Faith more of the true elements of moral and spiritual philosophy than in any other work in the English language, (Applause.) - Some people fancy they are holy if they make their faces ex traordinary longi and their words long too.^ (Great laughter.) . Tou never see them laugh, for is1 not the thirty ninth commandment, " Thou shalt not laugh ?" -. (Laughter.) They are always very proper, these kid-glove Christians- (laughter)-always very, very, very proper-(laughter)-always very precise-(laughter)-oh, yes I-: (Continued laughter.) There is a considerable difference between vine gar and wine, and there is a difference between holiness and acerbity of temper, and morosity and excessive propriety.-(Laughter, and "Hear!") Holiness is not something cold and lifeless, like a statue; it walks down from the statue full of life, with a living and quickening spirit within it. Do vou know that I am persuaded that M'Cheyne ought to have been a Bap tist.-(Laughter.) There are believers in this world, Who, I am glad, are not Baptists. y have no desire to. h&ve; them in the same boat with me (laughter)-and had much rather live with them for ever in heaven than one hour on earth.-(Great laughter.) But there are'holy men whom every de nomination 1 would delight to have within their Jolds. " ' 