JIM STOCKBRIDGE BEGINS TO TAKE ANOTHER VIEW OP MATTERS. He stood in tho candle-light, smiling blandly, while we all stayed for an instant, after our first exclama tion, speechless with astonishment. The Major was ,the first who showed signs of con sciousness, for I verily believe that one-half of the company at least believed him to bo a ghost. " You are tho man," said tho Major, " who in tho flesh called himself Maximilian Mulhaus ! Why are you como to trouble us, O spirit ?-not that we shouldn't bo glad to seo you if you were alive, you know, but-my dear old friend, how are you ?" Then wo crowded round him, all speaking nt once, and trying to shako hands with him. Still ho remained silent, and smiled. I, looking into Iiis oyes, saw that they were swimming, and divined why ho would not trust himself to speak. No ono hated a show of emotion more than the Dootor, and yet his brave warm heart would often flood his eyes in spite of himself. He walked round to tho fire-place, and, loaning against the board that answered for a chiinney-pioce, stood looking at us with beaming eyes, whilo we anxiously waited for him to speak. "Ah!" he said at length, with a deep sigh, "this does mo good. I have not made my journey in vain, A man who tries to live in this world without love, must if he is not a fool, commit suicide in a year. I went to my own home, and my own dogs barked at me. Those I had raised : out of tho gutter, and set on horseback, splashed mud on me as I walked. I will go baok, I said, to the little English family who loved and respected me for my own sake, though they be at the ends of tho earth. _ So I left those who should have loved me, with an ill-concealed smile on their faces, and when I come hore I am welcomed with tears of joy from those I havo not known five years. Bah ! Here is my : homo, Bentley : let mo live and die with you." "Live!" said tho Major-"ay, whilo there's a place to live in ; don't talk about dying yet, though we'll think of that presently. I can't find words enough to give him welcome. Wife, can you ?" "Not, I, indeed," she said ; " and what need ? He can see a warmer welcome in our faces than an hour's clumsy talk could give him. I say, Dootor, you aro welcome, now and for ever. Will that serve you, hus band?" I could not help iooking at Miss Thornton. Sho sat silently staring at him through it all, with her hands clasped together, heating them upon her knee. Now, when all was quiet, and Mrs. Buckloy and Mary lind run off to the kitchen to order tho Doctor some supper, he seemed to see her face for the first time, and bowed profoundly. She roso, and, looking at him intently, sat down again. Tlio Doctor had eaton {his supper, and Mrs. Buckloy had made him something to drink with her own hands ; the Doctor had lit his pipe, and we had gathered round the empty fire-place, when tho Major said "Now, Doctor, do toll us your adventures, and how you have managed to drop upon us from the skies on Ohristmas-day." . "Soon told, my friend," he answered. "Seo here. I went back to Germany because all ties in England were broken. I went to Lord O-: I said, ' I will go back and see the palingenesis of my country ; I will see what they are doing, now tho French aro in tho dust.' Ho said, ' Go, and God speed you !' I went. What did I find ? Beggars on horseback everywhere, riding post-haste to the devil- not ns good horsemen, either,'but ns tailors of Brentford, and crowding one another into tho mud to seo who would be there first. 'Let mo go out of this before they ride over mo,' said I. So I oame forth to England, took ship, and hero I am." "A most lucid and entirely" satisfactory explanation of what you have been about, I must say," answered tho Major; "however, I must be content. " At this moment, little Sam, who had mado his escape in the confusion, came running in, breathless. "Papa ! Papa !" said he, "Leo has como homo with a snake seven feet long." Leo was at the door with the reptile in his hand-a blaok snake, with a deep salmon coloured belly, deadly vonemous, ns I knew. All tho party went out to look at it, except the Doctor and Miss Thornton, who stayed at the fire-placo. "Mind your hands, Leo!" I hoard James say; " though tho brute is dead, you might prick your fingers with him." I was behind all tho others, waiting to look at tho snake, which was somewhat of a largo ono, and worth seeing, so I could not help overhearing the conversa tion of Miss Thornton and the Doctor, and having heard the first of it my ears grow so unnaturally quickened, that I could not for the life of me avoid hearing tho whole, though I was ashamed of playing eavesdropper. "My God, sir!" I heard her say, "what new mad ness is this ? Why do you persist in separating your Bolf from your family in this manner?" "No madness at all, my dear madam," ho answered ; "you would havo done tho samo under the circum stances. My brother was civil, but I saw ho would rather have me away* and continue his stewardship. And so I let him," Miss Thornton put another question which I did not catch, and the sonse of which I could not supply, but I heard his answer plainly : it was " Of course I did, my dear lady, and, just ns you may suppose, when I walked up the Bitter Saal, there was a buzz and a giggle, and not ono hold out his hand save noble Von H-; long lifo to him !" " But-?" said Miss Thornton, mentioning somebody, whose name I could not catch. " I saw bim bend over to hi-ns I came up to tho Presence, and they both laughed. I saw a slight was intended, mado my devoirs, and backed off. Tho next day ho sent for mo, but I was off and awny. I hoard of it before I left England." " And will you never go bnck ?" she said. " When I can with honour, not before ; and that will nover bo till he is dead, I fear' and his lifo is* ns good as mine. So, hoy for natural history, and quiet domestic life, and happiness with my English triends ! Now, am I wiso or not ?" " I fear not," sho said. Tho Doctor laughed, and taking hor hand, kissed it gallantly ; by thia timo we had all turned round, nud wore coming in, " Now, Doctor," said the Major, " If you have done flirting with Miss Thornton, look at this snake. "Anoble beast, indeed," said tho Doctor. " Friend," ho added to Lee, "if you don't want him. I will take him off your hands for a sum of money. Ho shall bo piokled as I live." "Ho is very vonemous, sir," said Loo. " Tho hincks eat'em, it'struo, but they always cut tho hoad off first. I'd take tho head off, sir, before I ventured to taste him." We all laughed at Leo's supposing that tho Doctor meant to make a meal of tho deadly serpent, and Leo laughed as loudly as anybody. " You see, sir," he said, "I'vo always heard that you French gents ate frogs, so I didn't know as snakes would como amiss." " Pray don't take mo for a Frenchman, my good lad," Baid tho Doctor ; " and as for frogs, they are as good as chickens." "Well, I'vo eaten guanors myself," said Leo, " though I can't say much for thom. They're uglier than snakes any way." Loo was made to sit down and take a glass of grog. So, very shortly, the conversation flowed on into its old channel, and, after spending a long and pleasant evening, wo all went to bod. James and I slept in tho samo room ; and, when wo were going to bed. I said "James, if that fellow were to dio, there would bo a chance for you yet." " With regard to what ?" he asked. " You know well enough, you old humbug," I said ; " with regard to Mary Hawker-neo Thornton !" " I doubt it, my lad," ho said. " I very much doubt it indeed; and, perhaps, you have heard that thoro must he two parties to a bargain, so that even if she wero willing to take me, I very much doubt if I would ask her." " No ono could blame you for that," I said, " after what has [[happened. There are few menj who would like to marry tho widow of a coiner." " You mistake me, Jeir. You mistake me alto gether," ho ^answered, walking up and down the room with one boot off. " That would mako but littlo dif ference to mo. I've no relations to sing out about a mesalliance, you know. No, my dear old fellow, not that ; but-Jeff, Jeff, you are tho dearest friend I have in the world." " Jim, my boy," I answered, " I lovo you like a brother. What is it ?" " I have no secrets from you, Jeff," ho said ; " so I don't mind telling you." Another hesitation ! I crew rathor anxious. "What tho douco is coming?" I thought. " What can she have been up to ?" Go on. old follow," I added aloud ; "let's bear all aboutit." ? Ho stood at the end of tho room, looking rather sheepish. " Why, the fact is, old fellow, that I hegin to suspect that I have outlived any littlo attach ment I had in that quarter. I'vo been staying in the house two months with her, you seo ; and, in fact in fact !"-hero he brought up short again, " James Stockbridge," I said, sitting up in bod, " you atrocious humbug ; two monthsago you informed mo, with a sigh like a groggy pair of bellows, that her image could only be effaced from your heart by dorth. You havo seduced me, whoso only fault was loving you too well to part with you, into coming sixteen thousand miles to a barbarous land, far from kindred and country, on'.tho plea that your blighted aifections mado England loss endurable than-Franco, I'll say for argument-and now, having had two months' opportunity of studying tho chai acter of the beloved one, you coolly inform me, that tho whole thing was a mistake. I repeat that you aro a humbug." "If you don't hold your tongue, and that quick," lie replied, "I'll send this boot at your ugly head. Now, thon !" I ducked, fully expecting it was coming, and laughed silently under tho bed- clothes. I was vory happy to hear this-I was very happy to hear that a man, whom I really liked so well, had got tho bettor of a passion for a woman who I know was utterly incapable of boing to him what his romantic high-flown notions required a wife to bo. " If thia happy result," I said to myself, " can bo rendered tho moro suro by ridicule, that shall not bo wanting. Meanwhile, I will sue for peace, and see.how it carno about." îrose again and saw ho had got his other boot half off, and was watohing t or me. "Jim," said I, "you ain't angry because I laughed at you ?" "Angry?" ho answered. "lam nover angry with you, and you lenow it. I have boon a fool, and I ought to be laughed at." " Pooh !" said I, *' no moro a fool than other men have been before you, from Adam downwards." " And he -was a most eon-" "There," I interrupted: "don't abuse your ances tors. Toll me why you havo changed your mind so quick?" " That's a precious hard thing to do, mind you :" he answered. " A thousand trifling circumstances, which taken apart are ns worthless straws, when they aro bound up together become a respectable truss, which is marketable .and ponderable. So it is with little traits in Mary's character, which I havo only noticed lately, nothing separately ; yet, when taken together, aro, to say tho least, different to what I had imagined while my eyes were blinded. To take one instance among fiftjfc there's her cousin Tom, ono of the finest fellows that over stepped ; but still I don't like to seo bei*, a married woman, allowing him to pull her hair about, and twist flowers in it." This was very true, but I thought that if Jamos instead of-Tom had been allowed tho privilege of deco rating her hair, he might have looked on it with dif ferent eyes. James, I saw, cared too little about her to bo very jealous, and so I saw that there was no fear of any coolness between him and Troubridge, which was a thingSto bo rejoiced at, as a quarrel would have been a terrible blow on our little society. " Jim," said I, " I have got something to toll you. Do you know, I believe there is some mystery about Doctor Mulhaus." " He is a walking mystery," said Jim : " but he is a I noblo good fellow, though unhappily a frog-eater." ' " Ah ! but I believe Miss Thornton knows it." "Very like," said Jim, yawning, j I told him all tho conversation I overheard that evening. " Aro you sure sho snid ' tho king' ?" ho asked " Quite sure," I said : " now, what do you make of it?" " I make this of it," ho said : " that itis no earthly business of ours, or wo should have been informed of it, and if I were you, I wouldn't breathe a word of it to any mortal soul, or let the Doctor suspect that you overheard anything. Secrets where kings aro con cerned are precious sacred things, old Jeff. Good night !" 