Local and General News. The committee of the Eastern Downs Agri- cultural Association met on Wednesday night last. There was only a thin attendance, but those present decided upon an important sub- ject, viz., the next exhibition of the society. It was decided that this should be held in January next, and that a prize schedule should be drawn up and advertised, in order in allow sufficient time to those intending to compete to get up the exhibits. It was also decided that a special prize list should he opened, which the committee had hopes would be responded to by the public. We think the last mentioned step a very good one, and hope that it will be well supported. The special prize list is not only an important but a very interesting fea- ture connected with these exhibitions. It will be observed by advertisement that Bacheldor's Panorama of the American War will be exhibited in Ransome's rooms on Tues- day, Wednesday, and Thursday next. The panorama has been exhibited in Brisbane, lps- wich, Toowoomba, Dalby, &c.;, at all of which places it has met with great success. We have heard from several parties who have seen this panorama that it is one of the best ever exhi- bited, and the paintings are executed in a very skilful manner, and the various scenes are explained in an interesting style by the lec- turer connected with the company. Alto- gether a pleasant evening's entertainment is offered, and we have no doubt from its novelty and from the high character it has already earned, it will be well supported. We mentioned in our last that all the hands required had been engaged for the shearing at Talgai and other places. Our informant, however, must have been wrong, as it will be seen that Mr. G. Clark is advertising for shearers, and we understand that some of the other stations have not got their full compli- ment of hands. The notice which the Clerk of Petty Ses- sions has been instructed to issue, (and which will be found in our advertising columns) re- garding the registration of dogs and the issu- ing of slaughtering licenses is likely to cause a little unpleasantness, and if it is enforced, those who take out licenses will have to pay the double tax. It is strange that the bye- laws of the Council should be allowed to be put in force and be in operation for some months before they are found to clash with an Act of Parliament. We are glad, however, the Council have taken the matter up, and the conclusion they arrived at is the best step that could be taken. We believe that when the Colonial Secretary is aware of the unpleasant- ness likely to arise from the double tax being enforced he will at once withdraw the order which has been given to the Police. The Minister for Lands is evidently desirous of reducing the unnecessary routine of appli- cations for land to be offered by auction into the simplest compass possible. Forms for application have already been sent to the various Land Offices, by which persons wish- ing to have any paiticular portion of land put up for auction can apply at the local Land Office and fill in these forms with the descript- tion of the land required, when they will be sent to the Minister for Lands every month. Hitherto there has been no regular mode of applying for lands to be offered for auction ; persons wishing for such a course to be adopted simply wrote a letter to the Minister for Lands--a very unsatisfactory way of obtain- ing what they required. The form referred to will remedy this, and it is suitable for applica- tions for either surveyed or unsurveyed land. It is hinted by our contemporary that this has come too late, and tbat there is very little land to be had in the district. That objection is easily remedied by an extension of Schedule B., and it will be the duty of our representa- tive to urge for this to be done. There is plenty of good land on Pikedale, Bodumba, Glenelg, and other runs, and if the public require more land, these, being in close proxy- mity, are the only places we can look to for it. We hope the Minister for Lands will take this into consideration and extend the settled district of the Darling Downs. A list of forfeited selections under the Land Act of 1868 is published in the Government Gazette, and it is notified that unless cause be shown to the contrary, the selections will be thrown open for selection by lease or adver- tised for sale by auction. The following are the foifeited selections in the Warwick dis- trict :-- W. H. M. Royds, 40 acres, agricultural. John Deuchar, 70 acres agricultural. 94 acres 2 roods first-class pastoral. J. C. Gillman, 40 acres second class pastoral. Catherine Murray, 1280 acres second class pastoral. W. Palmer, 51 acres 2 roods agricultural. P. M'Namara, 980 acres first class pastoral, 980 acres second class pastoral. Patrick Ryan, 76 acres agricultural, 7 acres 2 roods first class pastoral. Robt. Craig, 1280 acres second class pastoral. Philip Dwyer, 79 acres first class pastoral. Chas. Everest, 200 acres first class pastoral. Thos. C. Ross, 1280 acres first class pastoral, 2280 second class pastoral. E .O. W. Hill, 800 acres second class pastoral. Adam Bolt, 640 acres second class pastoral. Michael Klien, 800 acres second class pastoral. Christian Schoch, 600 acres second class pas- toral. The nomination of candidates, for the office of auditor to the Municipal Council took place at the Town Hall on Monday last, and was a very tame affair, only three persons being present besides the Returning Officer, and the members of the Council. The candidates nominated were--Messrs. F. S. Gray, Edwin Nutt, Archibald Stewart, and James Mellon. The election will take place on Monday next. A case of accidental drowning occurred at King's Creek, on Monday last. It appears that a man named Hugh Waddleton, who was employed on Clifton station, went to bathe in the creek, but neglected to take off his drawers before going into the water. He was observed to swim about for a short time, but not turn- ing up to work after some time had elapsed the men went to the creek to look for him. They only found his clothes, however, which were laid in the same position that Waddleton had left them when he went into the water some time before. The occurrence was at once reported to Sergt. Blunden, stationed at Allora, and he, with constable Hinchey, pro- ceeded to the spot with the intention of drag- ging the creek. Before their arrival however, the body was found. On the following morn- ing an inquest was held before G. Clark, Esq., when the above facts were proved, and a ver- dict of accidental death from drowning while suffering from the effects of drink was returned. When the body was brought out of the water it was found that the drawers which the de- ceased had neglected to take off had, whilst swimming, slipped down and got entangled about his feet. The deceased had been drink- ing till a late hour on tbe previous night, and was not altogether free from the influence of liquor when he went into the water. A report reached town some days ago that Mr. John Bramston bad been thrown from his horse at some station in the Mitchel district, and that an accident of no less serious a nature than the breaking of Mr. Bramston's collar- bone had been the result. We were disposed to consider the story as a stupid election canard, and therefore did not publish it ; but we are sorry to say that many of Mr. Bram- ston's friends in Brisbane now think there is good reason to believe it.--Express. His Excellency the Governor, is about making a trip to Port Denison, Cleveland Bay and Cardwell. He will start from Brisbane on Saturday (this day) in the Black Swan steamer. There is now hanging up in the Land Office for public inspection a map of the settled dis- trict of Darling Downs. It is perhaps the best and most useful addition that has yet been made, as it shows at a glance--(1) the land reserved for auction ; (2) the selections under the Act of 1868 ; (3) the pre emptive purchases on the various runs of the Downs ; (4) agricultural reserves ; (5) selections under the Act of 1866 ; (6) resumed halves of the runs : (7) the ten years' leases. The divisions are in different colors and observable at a glance. The line of railway is plainly shown as also the rivers, creeks &c.; The map is well worth the inspection of any person in- terested in the land. POLICE COURT.--At the Police Court yes- terday before the Police Magistrate and James Morgan, Esq., M.L.A. John Aspinall summoned Nicholas Hart for illegally brand- ing certain cows and calves, his property. Mr. Fuller appeared for the complainant and Mr Oxenham for tho defendant. From the evidence of the complainant it appeared that two unbranded cows belonging to him calved about four months ago ; shortly afterwards he lost sight of both cows and calves for three months ; he then heard that they were at Firz's Lambing, about three miles from defendant's, and sent his boy for them who returned bring- ing the cows, but not the calves ; complainant went for the calves, and found them in com- pany with six others belonging to defendant ; he (complainant) recognised the two calves, which had been branded H on near ribs, H on near rump, and both ears snipped; they were also recognised by James Locke and by their mothers ; defendant had cattle with the same brands ; he claimed one of the calves by virtue of an order from Mr. Ellis, of Taloom, und said that he had reared the other himself ; he also offered, if complainant was sure of them, to give them up ; the cows and calves claimed had been brought in to the Court House yard, in company with six calves found along with them, and similarly branded. The complain- ant also stated that defendant had four cows of his own and 17 or 18 calves ; the H brand was well known as defendant's. James Locke, called by complainant, deposed that defendant branded with two hearts, and he had never either known or heard that he branded with an H ; he (witness) had seen the calves in the Court House yard and had recognised one of them, but could not be sure that it was complainant's.--The Bench were not satisfied that a prima facie case was made out against defendant ; at the same time there were suffi- cient grounds for suspicion to warrant them in ordering the police to detain the calves in the yard, and to endeavor to find their owner. It had not been proved that they belonged to defendant, or that he over branded with an H. The defendant was accordingly discharged, and the calves ordered to be taken to the Pound. IMPORTS --The only imports during the week have been 3 cases corn flour, J. Horwitz & Co., per Lady Young, s., from Sydney. DISTILLATION FOR QUEENSLAND.--A meeting of persons interested in the formation of a distilling and rectifying company was held at the Australian Hotel, Brisbane, on Monday afternoon. There were about twenty gentle- men present, and Mr. Henry Buckley presided. Mr. W.T. Clarkson, of Queen-street, and Mr. J G. De Nys were the promoters of the com- pany. After the meeting had been opened, Mr. De Nys proceeded to lay the result of his calculations before the meeting. He esti- mated the cost of the plant to be about £758, and gave details respecting the manufacture of brandies, wines, and assorted liqueurs from rum. He pointed out that the company would have the additional advantage of having to pay 3s 4d per gallon less duty than was im- posed on the imported article. He was also prepared to manufacture brandy or wine from grapes, grain, potatoes, beet, or any other pro- duct containing sacharine matter. In answer to inquiries Mr. De Nys said he would manu- facture good, saleable brandy, wine, old tom, or other spirit from rectified spirit. After some general conversation it was revolved to postpone the meeting until Friday, in order to get further particulate and statistics, which will be then submitted. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings -- Courier. THE GREAT LIBERAL PARTY.--"Bohemian," in the Cornier, speaking of the Great Liberal Party, says :-The "new era" which it was so confidently asserted had * dawned on Queensland" seems to be getting rather over clouded of late. I begin to have serious doubts as to whether we shall see the com- mencement of the Millennium this year now. The "Great Liberal party" are dropping into a minority. The "noble seventeen cannot come up to time" as a pugilistic friend of mine very forcibly observed. The Burnett is lost, Clermont is lost, the Kennedy is as good as lost, the Mitchell and Warrego are not safe, and if Peechy misses for Western Downs the Great Libs. will cut but a sorry figure when the House meets. IMPORTANT TO SHEARERS.--At this time of year, when so many men will be handling sheep~-probably for the first time--it might be as well to note that animal poisoning is not unknown hereabout as witness the unfortunate affair at Weranga twelve months or so ago, and now we have another instance of what a mere scratch may lay a man liable to. About two months since a tradesman in this town, whilst removing lampas from a horse, chipped one of the knuckles of his right hand against the horse's teeth. He paid no attention to the scratch until the hand and arm swelled so that medical aid had to be called in. The doctor cured the great blotch that had resulted from the scratch, but another great blotch broke out farther up the arm, and when that was cured another and yet another here and there all over the arm came like the ghosts in " Macbeth," and up to the present time (since the accident) that man has not earned a shil- ling, and it is very difficult to say when he may have the full use of his right arm again. Now, such a thing as this ought to induce caution in those who have the handling of sheep for the first time (old hands know how to look out), and take care that no accidental scratch remains unattended to for a single hour longer than can be prevented.--Dalby Herald. The probability of the advance in the price of store cattle and sheep, is beginning to be felt as a very nearly approaching reality. This week there is any demand for sheep, but there does not seem the prospect of the supply being at all adequate to the sudden require- ments in this particular item. Those who have got large flocks are retaining them, ex- pecting a realisation of a pretty considerable per centage upon present prices ; while those in search of sheep feel that the late chances for purchasing sheep at very low rates are not likely soon again to be within their reach.-- Ipswich Observer. Lessees of Crown Lands and their agents are reminded by advertisement that the annual rents and assessments on runs are pay- able on or before the 30th inst. During the last few days a rather wholesale dismissal of constables has, we understand, been effected at St. Helena. The police on the island, of whom there are. we believe. about a dozen, had it appears resolved to fortify them- selves against the late cold nights by having in a small store of the best "battle-axe," but hardly done so when they found that their " plant** had been tampered with.--a number of the bottles emptied of their precious con- tents, and filled with a purer, beverage. They complained to the authorities, nnd the result of their complainings was that they were themselves dismissed without any en- quiry. An investigation we believe is now being held, and an offer of reinstatement has been made to the men, several of whom, how- ever, thinking that they been ill-used, refuse to return. Such is the story. \--Q. Times. An important sale of stud stock took place recently at Wagga Wagga. About 250 Learmonth rams were a great attraction. They were sold at an average of a fraction under £7 per head. The picked ram of the lot was bought by Mr. John King, of Ber- thong, for £40 Some other rams brought from £12 to £17 and £20. A tweed manufactory is to be established at Adelaide, with a capital of £15,000. 