THE FREE TRADE POLICY OF NEW SOUTH WALES. 3 I -3- 3 (From the Melbourne Argus, July 22.) WE are unselfish enough to share in the feeling of gratifi- ' cation expressed by the Sydney people at the refusal of their representatives at the Intercolonial Conference to temper with the principles of commercial "freedom! ' There can he no question that the interests of thiBportandiof this colony are seriously prejudiced by the maintenance of a fiscal policy based upon the principle of protection ; yet we do not know that we ought to desire a partial relaxa- tion of that policy at the expense of a sacrifice by our neighbours of their settled convictions. Our Sydney correspondent assures us that in that city, as well as in the important port of. Newcastle, free trade is something more than an English tradition or an economic theory. It is interwoven with the interests of the people, and the metropolis of New South Wales will be the last city of Australia in which free trade will give up the ghost." It will be a great gain to the good cause to find one colony remain- ing unwavering in its allegiance to sound maxims of commerce, and to a just and rational system of taxation, and reproaching its neighbours,' by the vigour of its growth and the rapidity of its progress, for their perverse attachment to fiscal errors which are dying out in all other parts of the world. If the enterprise of the people of New South Wales is at all correspondent with the enlightened judgment of its rulers, we may anticipate a prosperous career and a great future for that colony. "It happens to be the interest of Sydney, writes our correspondent, " to maintain itself as nearly as possible' in the position of a free port." The remark, mutatis mutandis, would equally apply to Melbourne. It is the interest; of every producer to procure the raw material which he fabric cates, and the implements which he employs in the process, as cheaply as possible, both to reduce the cost of production to a minimum, and to increase the sum of the commodity produced to a maximum. It is equally the interest of every consumer to obtain the largest possible measure of the accessories and comforts of life, in their greatest variety, at the lowest cost. All these conditions exist where free trade prevails, but they are disturbed or de stroyed, when the, State officiously steps in, as it has done in this colony, and with a ludicrous assumption of omni , science and despotism, undertakes' to determine wheat industries ought to be pursued, and then proceeds to impose certain taxes upon all persons engaged in every other occupation, in order that the exceptionally favoured industries may be encouraged and protected. Such an interference with the liberty of the subject, and such a robbery of the many for the gain of the few, has provoked this content, and brought about revolutions, when it originated with arbitrary monarch. But when it is effected under the authority of the unintelligent majority in a colonial Legislature, and its really pernicious operation is mis- represented by sophistical arguments, and promoted by the adroit stimulation of popular delusions, men- acquiesce in the unwarrantable infringement of their rights with a placid stupidity and a servile resignation marvellous to behold. 1 The miner, for example, who was restless and dissatisfied until he procured the repeal of the export duty of half-a-crown an ounce upon his gold, now submits without a murmur to to be treated of at least 6s. at once by the operation of a protective tariff. In fact we should be very much under- stating the matter if we assumed that the purchasing power of 25s. is no greater now with respect to all imported commodities than was that of 30s. seven years ago. Nevertheless, the miner was cajoled into voting for protectionist candidates because he was told that protection would throw away numbers of persons from mining occupations to engage in manufactures, and that there would be more gold or higher wages for those who remained. We leave the minors themselves to say how far these expectations have been fulfilled-or falsified. The operatives in this city and its suburbs, as well as in other large towns, were admonished' not to murmur at the increased cost of the various articles of consumption derived from abroad, because, under a protectionist tariff!, everybody would find constant employment at high wages, and we should soon become independent of the hateful " foreigner." But, looking at the fact that the protected classes are crying out for more protection, that the iron-workers and others are complaining that the industrial millennium promised by Mr. Francis has not yet arrived, and that there is a more than usual amount of poverty seeking relief by public and private charity, we do not perceive that the tariff has rather increased our resources or diminished our burdens. Its tendencies have been in a diametrically opposite direction, as any man conversant with the history of protection in Europe or America might have confidently predicted they would be. We are like the monkey in the of able. We have suffered Mr. Francis to excise our tail, and we have been endeavouring through the medium of that skill as operator, to prevail upon our neighbours to undergo a similar mutilation. They reply that they would rather not. The loss of an' appendage, Uio, prehensile capabilities of which are so serviceable, does not strike our neighbours as in any way desirable. - Nofr South Wales, in carried far, p i in a strike or no to a to due s .nhisticntfxl ci i di in n in which Mr. Francis lia -. left us.- If we prefer to crawl when we might climb, that is our, affair. The anthracite- y has no belief in the Franciscan theory, that you would maim a limb in order to enable you; IA' right, nice. New South Wales sees what free trade his dont? 'or !. upland and what protection has undone far the United States. New South Wales looks at the commanding post first if its principal port, remembers the commercial great- ness and political importance of the Hanse Towns, and of (Lenna and Venice, and force, isting the future, resolves to profit by their example and to be warned by our folly. If victoria is not unwilling to listen to the dictates of common sense, and return to the (wife, Miiooth path of free trade, which would conduct us to stable prosperity, New South Wales will be very happy to bear us company, and to travel hand in hand along MID path. But in this colony, with the opinionated obstinacy and wrongheadedness which belong to arrogant', youth and inexperience is determined to persevere in and making its strength and bruising its feet in the dense jungle of the section, New South Wales p i dontly resolves to leave us ill i idling in the thicket, and to push on ahead herself. Who can blame her 'I 