POPULAR WOMEN. (From the Saturday Review.) me popular preccy woman is one wno, taice her as a youog wife (and she must be married), honestly loves her husband, but does not trust her affection into the face of the world, and never flirts with him in public. Indeed, she flirts with other men just enough to make time pass as pleasantly, and enjoys a rapid waltz or a lively conversation as much as when she was seventeen, and before she was appropriated - She does not think it necessary to go about morally ticketed, nor does she find it necessary for her dignity or her virtue to fence herself around with coldness or indifference to the mul titude by way of proving her loyalty to one. Still, as it is notorious that she does love her husband, and as every one knows that they are perfectly content with each other, and therefore nnf. mi f-.Vic* lnrilr.nnfc ?fnr smnniAmAnf.a 4:Vin mor» with whom she has those innocent little jokes, those transparent secrets, those animated conversations, that confessed friendship and good understanding, do not make mistakes, and the very women belong to them forget to be censorious, even though she is so much admired. She is a mother too, and a fond one, so can, sympathize with other mothers, and expatiate* on her nursery in the confidential chat over five o'clock tea, as all fond mothers do and should. She keeps a well-managed house, and is notori ous for the amount of needlework she gets through, and of which she is prettily proud, not; being ashatned to tell you that the dress you admire so much was made by her own hands, and she will give your wife the pattern if she likes ; while she boasts of even rougher upholstery work which she and her maid and her sewing-machine have got through with despatch and credit. She gives dinners with a cachet of their own, and that have been evidently planned with careful thought and study ; and she is not above her work as mistress and organiser of her household. Yet she finds time to keep abreast with the current literature of the day, and never has to confess to ignorance of the ordinary topics of conversation. She ia nob a woman of extreme views about anything. She has not signed improper papers, and she doe3 not discuss improper questions ; she does not go in for woman's rights ; she has a horror i ot facility of divorce ; and she sets up for no thine — being neither an Advanced Woman desi» ?ous of usurping the possessions and privileges of. nen, nor a Griselda who thinks her proper place !s at the feet of men to take their kicks with satience and iheir caresses with gratitude, as- is oecoming in an inferior creature. She does not labble in politics ; and though she likes to make. tier dinners successful and her evenings brilliant, 3he by no means assumes te be a leader of fashion, or to impose laws on her circle. She Iike3 to be admired, and she is always ready to let herself be loved ; she is always ready, too, to do any good work that comes in her way, and 9he finds time for the careful overlooking ot a few pet charities, about which she makes no parade, just aa she finds time for her nursery and her needlework ? Another kind of popular woman fe tbe sym pathetic woman, the woman who givei instead of receiving. Th'ra kind is of variable conditions. She may be old, she may be ugly ; in fact, she is more often both than neither, but she is a universal favourite notwithstanding, and no woman is more sought after or less wearied of, . although none can say why they like her. She may be married ; but generally she is either a widow or an old maid ; as, if a wife, her sym pathies for things abroad are necessarily some what cramped by the pressure of the home life, and her sympathies are her claim to popularity. She is sincere, too, as well as sympathetic, and she is safe. She holds the secrets, both of opinion and deed, of all her friends, but no one suspects, that any one has confided secrets to her before himself. She has the art, or rather the charm, of perpetual spiritual freshness, and all her friends think in turn that the fountain has been unsealed now for the first time. This is not artifice ; it is simply the property of deep and inexhaustible sympathy. It is not neces sary that she should be a wise adviser to be popular. Her province is to listen and to sympathize, to gather the sorrows and the joys of others into her own breast, bo aa tosoftonby sharing or heighten by reduplica tion. Most frequently, too, she iB not over 'rigid ini her riotioriB of moral prudence, and -will let a love-sick girl talk of her lover, even if the ?affair ia hopeless and has been forbidden, while she will do her best to soothe the man who haa tad the misfortune to get crazed about his friend's wife. She has been even known, under pressure, to convey a messaga or a hint ; and of the two she is decidedly more pitiful to sorrow than severe1 to wrong- doing. She iB in at all the misfortunes and maladies of her friends. No death takes place without her bearing part of ? the mourning on her own soul, but then ho mar riage is considered complete in which she has not a share. She is called oa to help whenever there is work to be done, if she is of the practir . -cal type ; if only of the mental, she has merely to give up her own pleasures and her time, that ? she may: look on and sympathize. Every one likes her,; every. one takes to her at first sight, no one is jealous of her, and the law of her life is to spend and be spent for others. It not unfrequeutly happens, though, that she who does so much for those others has to bear her own burden unassisted ; ' and that jshe sits at home surrounded by the spectres of despair, the ghosts of sorrow, which she helps to ?dispel from their homes. But she is not selfish ; '?and while she trudges along cheerfully enough under the heavy end of her friends' crosses, she asks no one to lay so much as a finger on her -own. In consequence of which no one imagines -that she ever suffers at all on her own account ; and most of her friends would take it as a personal affront were she to turn the tables and ask for that of which Bhe had given bo much to others. -'She is the moral anodyne of her circle, and when she ceases to soothe, she abdicates the function -assigned to her by nature, and dies out of her ?allotted uses. Another kind of populai person is the woman ?whose sympathies are more superficial, but whose faculties are more brilliant ; the woman who makes herself agreeable, as it is called — that is, who can talk when she is wanted to talk, listen when she is wanted to listen, take a pro minent part and some responsibility, or keep her ^personality in the background, according to cir cumstances and the need of the moment ; emi nently a useful member of society, and popular just in proportion to the pleasure she can shed around her. But she offends no one, even 'though she is notoriously sought after and made ,-muoh of, for she is good-natured to all, and peo ple are not jealous of those who do not flaunt iiheir successes, and whom popularity does not make insolent. The popular woman of this kind is always ready to help in the pleasure of others. She is a fair-w eather friend, and shrinks with the most charming frankness from those on whoaa dark days have fallen. She is realJy very sorry when any of her friends fall out from the ranks, and are left behind to the tender mercies of those cruel camp-followera in the march of life — sorrow or sickness ; but she feels that her place is not with them— rather with the singers and players who are making things pleasant for the main body. But if she cannot stop to smooth the pillows of a dying bed, or sooth the troubles of an aching heart, she can organize de lightful parties, set young people to congenial .games, take off bores on to her own shoulders, and even utilize them for the neutralization of -other bores ; she is good for the back seat or the ?iront, as is most convenient to others j she can shine at the state dinner where you want a ser viceable show, or make a diversion in the quiet — not to say stupid — conglomeration of fogies, where you want a lively element to prevent uni versal stupor ; she balks easily and. well, and ?even brilliantly when on her mottle, but not enough to excite men's envy ; and ahe has no decided opinions. She is a chameleon, an opal, changing ever in changing lights, and no one .was yet known to determine her central quality. 