ALIVE IN THE DEAD-HOUSE. The San Francisco Alia Californiagives an account of a German who was supposed to have died in that city, and whose, body was immediately removed and placed in the dead-house attached to the hospital i in which he was under treatment The body was deposited in . a case where two' other bodies had already been placed,rand between 'them. The cover was put 01 ; and the keeper of the dead-house retired; for the -night. About :niidrii^ht aloud screaming and yelling of ' the most - un earthly character was heard in the dead-, house. " The keeper of the dead- house was sought after, but being aware of what he was required to do, he sought conceal ment preferring to let the ghosts fight it out among themselves rather than attempt to become' peacemaker. When; at last ;ne was prevailed upon to proceed to the dead house arid open the door, the ghostly form of the German* whose life , had been a few hours previously pronounced !extinct, and ' who. had' been dressed in the robes of the dead, stood before him. The ' keeper fainted outright,'while the terrified German rushed headlong through the long halls and corridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as he went. Some more courage -, ous than the rest caught and arrested him; in his frantic career,: but the next instant the poor German fell on the floor 3 in. a fit. The physician was sent for, and restoratives used by which he vvas restored to consciousness: How he felt when he returned to conscious ness we give as he told it himselfVeil, ven I got sick and vas in bed that day the. doctor came to me arid said I was very sick. He vent away, and after he vent I fell asleep. I knew nothing more till I'voke in de night arid there vas no light. I put out my hand, and I could get no bed clothes, for I vas cold. I den put my hand to vone side to try for the bed clothes, and, och, vat you think Igot-vy a ded man! l)ere he vos, cold enough sure. I roared mid all the power I bad, and vas going avay by the other side, ven, sure, I put my hand on another. Then I roarsd and called, and cried out all I could, and ven I was getting up my head struck a board that was cover ing me. " Oh," said I, "vot does this mean, vere am I? Am I ded?" and I roared and bawled, and threw off the cover and jumped about as if I vas mad. And I knocked at the door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would open it for me, and I thought I vas ded myself. I vas not shure. I'had the ded man's dress on me. At last the door opened, and ven I looked at the man vat opened it he fell down mid fear, and I ran till I vas caught. Then I fainted, and ven I come to myself I thought it vas a dream. But it is as true as I am here.'" 