SOMETHING ABOUT THE MELBOURNE CUP. BY AN OUTSIDER. The Cup, the great event, the great betting race of 1870, has been run and won. The turf prophets have been unanimously wrong, the favorites were nowhere, and outsiders have run first, second, and third, so it may not be out of place for an outsider to say some thing about it. • , . ; Firstly, as to the dream, the dream of the late Mr Craig, the former well- known owner of Nimblefoot. Making.allowance, for variations in the telling, the dream was, that Mr Craig was on the Melbourne racecourse on the Cup; day, saw a horse win, asked the jockey-what horse it was, was told Nimblefoot; asked who it belonged'to, was. told by the boy that he did not know, but that Nimblefoot used to belong to Mr Craig; asked why he rode with crape on his arm, and the jockey replied-that he wore crape “ for the old man who was dead,” Mr £raig did not, for obviouß reasons, like to have the dream spoken of, and asked those he told not to repeat it. The dream has come true. Poor Mr Craig is'dead, Nimblefoot, ridden by a boy with crape on his arm, has won the Cup. Mr Craig was, like all racing men, deeply anxious to win thegreal handicap of the year, and often' tried, but in vain. Nimblefoot after he came into Mr Craig’s possession was a confirmed duffer, and to try a change of air he was sent back to Tasmania, where he was bred, and. only brought to Victoria to be trained. The change has apparently given the horse anew constitution, for he has commenced by. beating two large fields'of horses. So little was thought of his chance last year that at the Royal hotel here a bookmaker, less than twelve.months ago, laid £lOOO to four drinks and four cigars against Nimblefoot for the Cup,’ and has, lost the thousand. The ordinary price was about 1000 to 10. :• ■. ■ v- The race was remarkably fast, and the three horses, in front all carried light weights, and the pace seems; to have been too severe, for the heavily-weighted cracks. L'apdog, beaten by a head- °nly> is an Adelaide horse and was backed by his .trainer, Wilson, and .one 'or. twa other Victorians to - win £15,000, and he would have landed a fortune for them had. it not been for that head of Nimblefuot’s. . A close thing for backers of both first and second horses as they sWept to the post’side by side.; Valentine, the third horse, is from the Beechworth district, and was, I believe,, bred in New South Wales. So. Tasmania, South Australia, and New South Wales claim the three first horses, and Victoria- seems to have nothing capable of- con- : tending against the visitors; . - The turf prophets were all wrong in their tips, and the only one who gotat all near wash writer in the Argus who tippelNimblefoot or Strop as .third. A prophet in the Australasian of Thursday gives his idea as to the first three, with two others dose-up,- but fi l e he , B l lected B°* a Place/ji A fortnight agonimblefootr. and Lfapdog were/<joinplete-outsiders, . came into more notice and improved in price, partly ’ “ consequence of the win of Nimblefbot in the Hotham Handicap, and Mischief,(in the sime stable as Lapdog) running, a c'apital second for that race,. The many touts have , all, been astray,- .and- some of them who .nave given; thefr ; opinions in - print would: not have any ,:fioreeas , the. winfier; excepting’ Tita : Whiffler,: ffroydon, Trump-Card, .Warrior, or Glencod, 'the* changes have been rung on the first five in all sorts of none got a jplaee.'- The y kho\ring ones said ciotliing on could run rings round Nimblefoot, both having Cup weights up. - One good thing will result from the race, viz., that aged ..horses--who; have, run ; badly ; for a time : wiU not get m big handicaps at so light a weight. The’ allowance between a good horse and a ’speedy weed is so much, and handicaps are so numerous; that - it’will pay racing men as well to keep a horse tliat can' gal er a feather and can be bought-for a l -few pognas as one that, can carry weight for age and, is worth some hundreds. v ■ ’"One word , .to . those who grumble about Mr Bar--’ nard s handicapping. Some said that the Hotham Handicap was made for Mr Saqui’s Kate Dalrymple,' and the Cup for ;his . Wanior; that is, that their vveighfe were so light that they must win, but neither .got a place in,.the races named: - Both' -races were won by a horse that none of the touts or knowing critics on handicapping ever thought had: a chance. Now they wdl say that Lapdog and Nimblefoot were turned, loose, but. Mr Barnard has ’ merely followed a bad systein, which lets 'aged -horses of bad reputation m with, almost feather weights... . --. # .It must -have been a splendid;race for the book makers, for although Mr Bailey; Nimblefoot’s owner, and a few others are said to have .won heavily, mem bers of the ring: stood badly against most of the favorites both in outright, double, and quadruple ebooks. Some lOOO to 5, or even to’ £l' against Florence for the Sydney Derby, Croydon’for fhe Sydney Metropolitan, Florence for the Victorian Derby, and-Croydon and others for; the Melbourne Cup, and three out of the four events had been won. In-double- event, books for Victorian Derby and Mel bourne Cup, Florence; had been taken with, all the favorites;for the latter,..and; tlie. same remark applies to Croydon for the' Metropolitan, Sydney, and the Melbourne Cup favorites. Now they have escaped, and backers of horses have lost heavpy. The excitement in Ballarat during the day, was very considerable, and when: the telegram announcing Nim blefoot’s win came, it was quite intense, -and the dream was talked of everywhere, with the wish added that Mr Craig had been there to see.’ People will, for : a time, wager heavily on dreams ; but how many dreams have been wrong. The.spirits at Castlemaine -had a communication, that Warrior was the winner. • Tkrt-. turf . prophets and spiritists . are ’near akin to humbugs, is the opinion of “a shadowy and'absent nothing,” . . : Exile’s Ghost. Ballarat, 10th November, 1870. , . •■:••• 