Colonial matters aro certainly attract ing much attention in England at the present time. And the discussion they give rise to in Parliament and the Press furnishes manifest testimony to the importance attached to the sub ject generally by nublic opinion in the United Kingdom. This discussion, and tho results it brings out to view, however, serve most to show tho vacil lating counsels and the inconsistencies of the Imperial Government generally speaking, and the narrow-minded spirit of petty interference on the part of the Colonial Office in particular, on the subject- of the relations to be maintained between the Empire at large and the several colo nies. The debate on Mr. Torrens's motion in tho House of Commons, and the negotiations of the New Zealand Commissioners with Earl Granville on the guaranteed loan, are the means by which most light has been thrown on the question. And when taken in conjunction with what was subsequently done in reference to Canada on the oc casion of the Fenian raid, we see at a glance the ?weakness and indecision, as well as the .meddlesomeneis, ef the Downing-street magnates. Mr. Tor rens's motion was for a committee of inquiry into the mutual relations of England and'the colonies, and the mode of official intercommunication between them, and also to report on any modi fications that might be desirable in these respects, .with a view to cement ing a perfectly good understanding on both sides. The debate brought up Mr. Gladstone, who, in referring to the statements of preceding speakers, denied that there was aDy desire on the part of the Imperial Government ? to provoke the colonies into tho considera tion of its being desirable for them to separate from England, and constitute themselves independent states. The policy of. forcing the self-governing colonies into the habit of relying upon themselves in matters of military defence is not, according to Mr. Gladstone, a new policy, but one that has been steadily kept in operation :for ths last twenty or thirty years — since,infact, par liamentary powers of self- government were conferred on the colonies. And what has been done of late in New Zealand and Australia, in reference to the withdrawal of troops, is only the natural development of that policy. The object of the Imperial Government, Mr. Gladstone says, is to educate the colonies into a spirit of self-reliance, and so to prepare them for healthy and vigorous domestic political action, that whenever the time comes— as come it will— ?when any or all of these self- governed colonies desire to become independent states, they may be able to do so with advantage and safety to themselves, and without caus ing, any mutual bad 'feeling on either side. It is on that score that military assistance is now denied them. The desire is not to interfere vexatiously, or indeed in any wy, with the in ternal concerns of the colonies, or their own domestic management of them. Thus far Mr. Gladstone. The theory ho lays down is plausible enough. But the practice, unfortunately, is not quite in keeping with that theory. Earl Granville and the Colonial Office take care that there will be interference, and that, too, of a paltry and offensive character. What has just taken placa in refer ence to tho guaranteed loan for Now Zealand, exemplifies - this in a very marked and unpleasant manner. And tho course taken with regard to the military stationed in Canada, shows further that Downing-street has been afraid to adhere U- its theories when real difficulties arise. When it be came known that the Fonian marau ders hadcrossod the border into Canada, orders were issued from London counter manding the withdrawal of tho Impe rial troops stationed in that colony, notwithstanding that it was ascertained at the same time that tho handful of Fenians was but a rabble of very small numerical force, and that it had been successfully repulsed by the Canadian volunteers. The affair was by no means so important as any one of tho hostile Maori movements in New Zea land, and tho local forces had shown themselves fully competent to cope successfully with tho occasion. Yet tho Imperial non possumus pslicy as to military assistance was at once laid aside, and tho troops were ordered to remain. As the United States havo promptly interfered to crush the attempt to make the American territory a base of action for the marauders, the movement could not be dignified with the character of legitimate foreign aggression. Never theless, and though there was not even the ghost of the defunct incursion left to mark its brief existence, the mili tary force that was denied to the real and grievous wants of New Zealand, was at once accorded to Canada. This is tho miserable way the Colonial Office deals with colonial affairs, when action, and not despatch-writing, is called for. Weakness and inconsistency are conspicuous throughout. It is in reference to the New Zealand loan, however, that Earl Granville cuts the most sorry figure. Messrs. Featherstone and Bell were sent as commissioners to London to obtain the guarantee of tho Imperial Govern ment for a loan of. £1,000,000 to the New Zealand Government, to enable it to carry on the war with vigor against the Maories. Earl Granville at first: refused. Would not tho Im perial guarantee for half a million do, he should like to know. He really could not think of a guarantee for the full amount of a mil lion. The commissioners resented this miserable haggling, and declined to incur tho obligation of a guarantee for such a small amount. Thov must have it for the i j whole million, or not at all. Perhaps?^ suggested tho Earl, they had better telegraph to New Zealand for fresh instructions. The commissioners said they would do so if his Lordship wished it. But they were firm in in sisting on the full amount originally asked for, and they wero confident the colony would not consent to take less. This firmness completely posed his Lordship. He was 'not prepared for it. He saw now at last that New Zealand really meant it should have some tangible good from the connection with the,Empire, or- that, being denied, it was in earnest in its resolve to sever the connection and look out for friendly support in other quarters. The sug gestion to telegraph to the antipodes for fresh instructions was only a de vice to gain time for further delibera tion, and to test the earnestness of the commissioners. Tho telegram was despatched, but without waiting for an answer, which could not be had be fore the lapse of ten weeks from lith May, his Lardship save way and consented to the guarantee for the original -amount demanded, viz., one million : sterling. This, however, did not terminate the business. Eurl Granville is ear-wigged by busybody volunteer counsellors in the shape of returned colonists quite as much with regard to New Zealand as he is in re ference 'to Victoria. And partly owing to his own meddlesome spirit, and partly to tho suggestions of these troublesome advisers, he decided on atitaching certain conditions affecting the purposes to which the loan was to be. applied. The money, ho insisted, must riot be employed as a war loan to meet the expenses of the Maori hostilities, but must be expended for peaceful purposes. One half of the million must be laid out in the con struction of roads and bridges in order to give employment to the friendly Maories, and the other half must be expended in promoting immigration from the United Kingdom. These conditions were accepted by the com missioners in order to put an end to the haggling. And, as we learn from tho London papers, preparations are now being made to pour in a large immigration into tho Now Zealand colonies, to the extent of some fifty thousand persons. Thus we see the Colonial Office, true to its old tradi tions, when the opportunity offers, in terfering directly with an important colony, and dictating to it the domestic policy it is to carry out in the management of its own internal affairs. And further, as the result of this state of things, all the other provinces of New Zealand find that they will bo taxed to pay the interest on a loan which is to be ex ponded : mainly in only one of the group — Auckland, and that tho mode of expenditure is taken out of their hands from the outset, they not oven being allowed a voice in it, and Down ing-street arranging the whole business without reference to them. And yet we' presume it will be said that New Zealand is in the enjoyment of self government. Tho advices by this mail, in fact, plainly show us that the ques tion of colonial and Imperial relations has yet to be settled. A* present it is altogether unsettled. The statistical summaries for 1869 are now. in course of compilation and pub lication by Mr. Archer. ? Tho first part, that dealing with the fluctuations of population during the year, has ju3t been issued. Before this time next year the' census will be taken, so that we may look upon the present issuo as being the last of the series of nine years' estimates. As the census returns of 1861 form the basis of all subsequent reckoning, and there is a tendency to magnify any original errors that aiay have been made, it is to be expected that there will be a consider able discrepancy next year between the calculated and ascertained figures. Minute accuracy is not at present to be looked for, but there are some broad facts which are instructive, and tho consideration ef which need not be postponed. Tho immigration returns may bo looked upon as accu rate, although, of course, there can bo no reliable guess formed of the numbers which come and go over the South Australian and the New South Wales frontiers, and no attempt is made to arrive at an estimate. The most noteworthy fact, in reference to the movements of the population during tho last year, is that three fourths of tho arrivals are from the neighboring colonies, and only ono fourth from Europe ; but as the colo nial departures aro more nearly propor tionate to the arrivals, the balanee in favor ef tho colony from the two sources of supply is nearly equal. These ba lances aro : — From the neighboring co lonies 5916, and from the United Kingdom 5059. Under every heading tho excess is in favor of this colony. Strange to say, tho balance with South Australia is the smallest. The net ex tent to which Victoria has drained the other colonies is thus stated : — From New South Wales and Queensland 2828, from South and Western Aus tralia 109, from Tasmania 2704, and from Now Zealand and South Seas 275. The decennial return of population on the gold-fields presents, as might havo been expected, the remarkable pecu liarity of a great total increase, coin cident with a decrease of actual miners. Tho gross gold-fields population has grown from 225,000 to 290,000, and yet the actual miners have dwindled from 109,000 to C4,000. Another peculiarity is that while the number of quartz miners in tho last year was very nearly the average of the whole term, the number of alluvial miners is now little more than one-half of what it was ten years ago. The Chinese miners keep up their numbers better than tho Europeans, but even they have suffered a diminution of about 24 per cent. Of the total population of 710,878, more than half the number (361,752), reside in corporate towns and boroughs, and of the remainder 344,159 are re turned as inhabiting shires and road districts, leaving only 4967 who live beyond the limits of the self-governed districts. This inference may, how ever, be 'a' very erroneous one, there being no separate estimate of those outside the pale. No comparison of the proportions between town and country residents in the colony, with the proportions which obtain in other countries, can bo fairly made, because many of the so-called boroughs would be classed as country places else where. ' An Australian town becomos municipalised rather on account of its expectations than its importance at the time of enrolment. Neither is there any lino of demarcation between a town and a gold-field. The number of towns and boroughs has increased from 41 in 1860 to 63 in tho past year, while the shires and road boards have increased from 42 to 108. It is a curious fact that -while the cor porate towns and boroughs havo been increasing in number and population, the value of rateable property has undergono very slight fluctuations. This, of course, is mainly due to tho greatand steady fall in rentals whichhas been going on, in the provincial towns especially. The returns for shires and road districts show a very different state of things. There tho estimated value of rateable property has increased from £5,410,000 te £24,430,000. It is, of course, im possible to say how much of this in crease is duo to the extension of tho areas of the shires, and how much to the increase of settlement through the operation of the Land Act ; but in either case the result is satisfactory. Tho naturalisation of aliens is appa rently subject to capricious starts, the number in a year having varied from 250 in! 1861, to 54 in 1867. Last year the number was 71, of whom 51 wero Germans. The number of Ameri cans who becomo naturalised is very small, only one appearing in lost year's list. Foreigners have a well-grounded cause of. complaint in tho_ want of any intercolonial arrangements about natu ralisation. The German settlers from South Australia,for instance, lose all the privileges of naturalisation by crossing the border. When tho report of the Conference makes its appearance it will be found,, perhaps, that provision has been made for a redress of this great injustice. The City Council will doubtless take some action to-day with respect to the fire escape imported some two years ago, and apparently then left to take care of itself in some out-of-the-way corner where it may require a com mittee of incmirv to discovnr tlin an paratus. It is difficult to understand how the Public Works Committee could have refused a paltry sum of £200 a year out of the splendid re venue of the Corporation, for the pur pose of keeping it in effective order; and to the Council the public will look for the immediate reversal, of a decision so curiously short-sighted. This is a matter especially within the province of the civic authorities, and it is not creditable that, they should have required the stimulus of what might have been a shocking disaster before undertaking a work of such ne cessity. ? There may be a difference of opinion as to whether the Corporation should not also have taken thought as to the; csnstruction of our public build ings, so as to secure ample opportunity for egress in case of alarm, yet there can be no doubt that that is a point of municipal concern as much as any other which dees occupy its attentien'. The Chief Secretary has promised to make some inquiry of the kind respecting the pub lic biiildinss of Melbourne and the ud country towns, but we presume that this is intended not to relieve the mu nicipal bodies of their responsibility, but, if necessary,- to coerce them into the habitual discharge of very impor tant functions. It is no excise that the Corporation has tio power to interfere, supposing that plea to be set up ; it is unquestionably its duty to provide for tke safety of the citizens, and an appeal to Parliament would at once result in extending the range of its authority. The Council is indeed somewhat too zealous in matters of comparatively insignificant importance. Among tliS item,*. in to-day's notice-paper wo observe that regu lations relating to tho construc tion of ' verandahs aro to be taken into consideration. How many times are our civic rulers to make up their minds upon this question, and compel unfortunate tradesmen to adapt their verandahs to tho predominant taste of tho Council, at the risk of incurring fresh trouble and expense, through a sudden fluctuation of cor porate resthotics \ Whon so much un certainty prevails, -wo can understand the apprehension with which small shopkeepers occasionally watch tho pro ceedings of tho Council, so as to calcu late whether they can afford to comply with the new ukase, or should fly to some locality where corporate ideas of tho beautiful are less fickle and impera tive. To render our street verandahs both safe and sightly is of course highly commendable, but why not determine upon an economical standard once for all, making allowance for tho difference of locality, and not keep tho thing vary ing according to the humor of tho hour 1 Another item to be considered is a report from the Hackney Carriage Com mittee, recommending that two con stables in private clothes should bo told off to -watch the conduct of rival omnibus drivers who are given to racing with their vehicles. Could not tho committee decide upon so small a precaution against so serious a danger without awaiting the ratification of the Council? Between tho drawing up of thoir report and its adop tion, those frolicsome omnibus drivers might havo endangered the limbs or lives of the citizens, and it would be scanty consolation to know that the danger had been foreseen though riot prevented by tho Hackney Carriage Committee. Wo observe that Alderman Wragge has tabled a mo tion relative to the campletion of tho contour survey' of the city. That this work still remains in an unsatisfactory condition is a serious reproach to the corporation, because many of tho members know and all ought to be awaro of its great impor tance, especially in connection with tho proposed underground drainage. Let us hope that, upon this score at all events, there will bo no room1 for grumbling when the Sanitary Commis sioners shall have so far advanced their inquiries as to require tho contour maps for preparing their report. 