SPIRITISM. (FROM THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND MESSENGER, DEC. 30.) It is a strange phenomenon that, in the nineteenth century of the Christian era, and among a race which claims a pre-eminence over all nations for its practical good sense, its intellectual culture, and its possession of an open Bible, the beliefs and practices of the darkest ages and most superstitious peoples should be revived and find acceptance. That a pseudo science should put forth its and Scriptural speculations concerning the origin and primitive character of mankind, a self-confident rationalism arrogate to itself an authority to sit in judgment upon the doctrines of a Divine revelation, and positivism ' allege the unreality of all existences, material and spiritual, might indeed be regarded as consistent with our inquisitiveness and daring spirit: but that a medieval ritualism and sacerdotalism, with! its fond concert and superstitious lollies, should acquire an influence upon the minds of educated English- men, and that Romanism should again raise up its head, and boast of its splendid edifices and its numerous converts in lands where the pure light of the Gospel has so long shore, would be wholly unaccountable if we did not remember that no excellency of the natural understanding, and no superiority of outward privileges, without the inward en- lightening and sanctifying influence of the Holy Ghost, will avail to preserve man from the power of Satan to deceive and destroy. _ Of this we have a yet more remarkable instance in the system of alleged " communications with another world," which is designated Spiritism, and which has recently produced such great excitement here. The several kinds of phenomena by which spirit communion with man " is said to be proved are so generally known, that we need not stop to describe them. All our readers have doubtless heard of the pulling-off of bed- clothes, the passing of cold hands over the faces of persons in their sleep, strange knocks and wrapping, and many mischievous acts, reminding us of the ill-natured goblins of fairy land ; also of the feats of the planchette, the writing of a pencil without a hand to guide it, answers given to questions respect- ing the subjects of which the organ of communication could have had no knowledge and various other wonders, said to have been wrought by intercourse with the spirits of the dead. We ourselves know nothing more of these things than what we have read or heard related, But, from the statements which we have seen, whether of its advocates or opponents, we believe that the Spiritism of America and Victoria differs in no essential particular from the ancient divination of Egypt, Chaldea, Canaan, and other heathen lands, or from the modern magic of various parts of Asia. The phenomena which are said to be produced, and the means of producing them, appear to us similar to, if not precisely the same with those of the diviners, wizards, and magicians spoken of in. the Bible. We therefore turn to its inspired pages that we may learn what God has told us in it about the practices of such magical arts. Now, in looking through the Old Testa- ment Scriptures wo observe-and it seems to i us a very remarkable circumstance that, although there are frequent allusions to the various kinds of sorcery, yet they are spoken of in such a manner that we cannot certainly infer whether supernatural powers were really exercised by those who thus pretended to exhibit them. Biblical commentators are almost as much divided in opinion about the arts of James and Jambres (who withstood Moses), the enchantments of Balaam, and the incantation of the Witch of Endor, as are pamphleteers, and lecturers, and newspaper correspondents about the operations of modern mediums. But while the Bible does not at all help us to determine whether supernatural agency can thus be employed, it very plainly tells us how God regards the use, or pretended use of such agency. In it, all magical art of whatever sort are condemned as evil. They are spoken of as "the abominations of those nations " whom the Lord cast out before the children of Israel: and the Israelites are enjoined not to learn to do after them." "There shall not be found among you," saith the Lord, by Moses, any one that useth divination, or an observer of times [a worker of hidden arms], or on enchanter, or a witch, or a charmer, or a consulter of familiar spirits [an inquirer by a familiar spirit, of a wizard, or a necromancer [a consulter of the dead. For all that do these things are an abomina- tion unto the Lord and because of these abominations the Lord thy God doth drive them out before thee." It is also deserving of notice that the indulgence of that desire; so natural to man, of obtaining information and direction by such means from another world is not only expressly forbidden, but the prohibition is followed by a prediction of the appointment, as it would seem in the way of contrast, of the one only Being by whom all that is needful or profitable for us to know concerning the world of spirits, and all that we require for our guidance and encouragement here, is communicated-the God-man, Christ Jesus. "For these nations which thou shalt possess hearkened unto observers of times (workers of hidden arms), and unto diviners ; but as for thee, the Lord thy God hath not suffered thee so to do." "The Lord thy God," Moses proceeds, will raise up unto thee a prophet from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like unto me ; unto Him ye shall hearken" The people whose God was Jehovah had no need to have recourse, like the heathen, unto men who professed, whether truly or falsely, to hold communication with spirits, for He would himself appoint a man who should be the one medium of intercourse between him and mankind. ' Another circumstance to be noted is that, while the Lord's people are forbidden to consult, or seek help from those that used magical arts, magicians are never represented in the Bible as able to inflict upon them any injury. There is not a word in the sacred volume to indicate that an Israelite had any cause to be afraid of diviners, or wizards, or consulter.? of the spirits of the dead. Whether or not they could hurt other men does not appear, but it is certain that they could do the servants of the Lord no harm. What was said by Balaam of the nation was true of every individual who belonged to it, Surely there is no enchant- ment against Jacob, neither is there any divination against Israel." Accordingly it is remarked, in an excellent article upon magic in Smith's Dictionary of the Bible, that the Book of Psalms, the most personal of all the books of Scripture, contains no prayer for protection against magical influences. The believer prays to be delivered from every kind of evil that could hurt the body or the soul, buthesays nothing of the machinations of sorcerers." If, then, we be asked in what light we should regard spiritism and those who practise it, we reply-exactly as the Israelites were taught to regard divination and the workers of magical arts. We do not think it wise to pronounce the whole thing to be an imposture, because, if challenged to prove the -charge we might not be able to convince gains ayers. ' Moreover it does not practically concern us to determine whether the phenomena which they adduce as their credentials are true or false. We may be content to leave the question with respect to them in the same uncertainty in which the Bible has left it with respect to their predecessors, the heathen sorcerers of Canaan. That which is important for us distinctly to recognise, and always bear in mind, is that whether or not these modern sorcerers consciously hold communication with spirits, they are really agents of the great evil spirit, the prince of the powers of the air, employed by him to deceive men to their destruction. It behoves us, therefore, to have nothing to do . with them ourselves, and to warn others against them. The prohibition to the Israelites against hearkening unto workers of hidden arts and practises of divi- nations applies with at least equal force to Christians against making use of mediums for the gratification of their curiosity, or for direction or help of any kind. To hold inter- course, if that were possible, with the spiritual world through any other being than one Mediator, would be to dishonour Him who alone has been commissioned by the Father to make known heavenly things to man; and as the Christian should not look to receive good, so neither should he fear to suffer hurt, from any such spiritual agency, for evil spirits cannot injure the faithful servants of God. All the mischief which they can do and we fear that in this way they are doing much-is by binding the minds and hardening the con- sciences of those who yield themselves to their delusions, encouraging men to go on in ungodliness and iniquity, until they perish for ever. As the sorcerers of old were the staunch supporters of idolatry, and enemies of true religion and holiness, so now likewise the preachers of spiritism are propagators of falsehood, and blasphemies of the one living God and Jesus Christ, whom He hath sent. In this character we should regard them, and we should therefore plainly declare their wickedness, and with all our might resist their influence. But as their agency is only one of many means which the Father of Lies is using for the accomplishment of his purposes, we shall most effectually counteract i his designs and preserve men from his delusions, not by our vehement denunciation of it but by our simple proclaiming of the truth,, and our dependence upon the spirit of truths to secure the victory. '. 