BAPTIST UNION OF NEW SOUTH WALES. I - .» Tur annual meeting of delegates was commented by a dovotionnl service at half- past 9 on Wednesday morning, tho Rev, P Lane presiding At 10, tho chairman for the past year, the Rov. R Mason, took the prcbidmt's chair, and the mooting of dole gates was constituted Ropresentativea were present iront tho following churches - Buthurst-streot, Harris-street, and Gibson's Rooms, S)dnoy , Newcastle, Hinton, Bath- urst, and Snuthfiell lho Union, which lind been consummated last year, was confirmed , und tbo Rov. J. Greenwood, M A , was elected lo till Iboothet of tbairman for the current year. A vote of thanks to the retiring chairman was passed The report was then road and adopted Tho Church at Moruya was admitted into the Union. A specimennumbei of a magazine, entitled the Austi alum C'Jti istmn Messengt), was submitted foi adoption by the Union, as their repre- sentativo organ The Union acceptcdJit with tho responsi- bilities connected therewith, and appointed tho Rov J. Greenwood, M A , and the Rev A. W Webb as editors, and selected a committee of management, consisting o£ all ministers connected with tho Union and devon other gon tltmen A letter was received from tho Colonial Missionary Sotiety in connection with tho Bathuist street church, handing over to the Union tht balauco of funds in hand, and recomme ndnig the appropriation of tho money to somo uso kindred to that for which it was at first collocted. In accepting tho money placed at its disposal, tho Union re- solved to fonri a society lo be called Tho Now South Wales Baptist Mission froeiety. i 1 ho committeo of the Union was authorised to make | arrangements for preaching tho Gospel m suitiblo localities. A committeo of inquiry was appointed to gather in- formation respecting properties bdoiigmg to tho denomina- tion and submit pinn« for plueuig thom in bcturo trust at the next annual meeting The resignation of Mr J. H. Knibbs as Treasurer was received, and Mr. T. Waller was appointed in his place. Tholîov. A W Webb wns ro-olectcd as secretary, and tho Rev. A. Buidetl was nominated as tho next chairman. The Secretary read a letter lrom the Political Association for the Suppression of Intemperante, inviting the Union to petition Parliament in favour of tho Pei missive Liquor Bill. It was resolved that a committee bo appointed to pré- paie an address foi presentation to tho two Houses. Votes of thanks were accorded to tho ti easuror and secrctni) for their services dunng tho pist year. At the evening meeting tho Rev. J. Greenwood MA, I resident for tho yeal, took tho chair at 7 30 The Rov J Melton ofleicd j inver, ami tho thiiiimnn called on tho teen tai) to rend tho annual icpoit, as follows - 11EI OUT Or THE 1IU1V IsION AL tOVIMITTLU Oi 1UL BAPTIST UNION 10H 1870. "?iour committee, m presenting then icpoit ol' the )car's pro- ceed» gs, lifciet tint no little can he licoiilcelol a congi ntulitoiv chiunctii, at the Finie time the) would not tail to recognise with II nnkluhiit to Coil Hie mci eu e ol elements which, whilst scout- ing the union unil eon ol el ilion ot um I'enoiiun ilion, prepares us lol the (.lent gjriosbivc woik which lie bifoieu is co woikeis wUli oui iel ow Cluistian in the cv uigeli=nUon of this 1 mel " Jhc vi u li is been, to ne ulj ill the counti) chuichos, one of pcitihtliciiltj Moieesiictiallv uu theJluntei oin hietluenhive Kit Fivcich the piivations tun imienl noun tho elcviibtitmg Hoods willi vi Inch m the cn hci put oi the jen we were visited AF lMni cewimpiiMittl) lciukriil hj the eily bietlncn to these nice llous tliuithes to ti» extent ol then ibihh " V11mA c lu a to *iiy 'nu ewell' to one who took put in the ter- ni ition olthe L-rian, anilwhu, eliumg the bncf tern, of hu con- nection with it, ebel all in his pon ti to plomóte it« interests-the 1 ev J "Wilki lind 1 e heen with us at theil meetings he would hfio been bj the nomination ot the last »muni mooting, the tluin mini loi the jem 1 The elcpnitiuc ol Jil V oik! li is been m a laigp degree com- pensated bj the advint of his suxctssoi, the Kev I Gleenwood, HI A , mil Tom cnnniittcc lelt tint thoy could not more fitly siipplv the vin mc) ni the president) ii thin til m bj nominiting linn to tint portion His tin ted that "Mi Gi cenwooil's connec- tion with the Union will be us pleasing lo lum as lnught with good to tht bud) at lal re "Dining the veil meetings piomniivc of the objecta of tbo union wile held at 1 ¡ithinst, though mil) one of the tno appointed .is n dcjiutiition li oin the Union w is able to attend ti em ""ioiu ccmmittrc presents mi )our ippio\al and acceptance i specimen nuinbti ol a drnnimiuuonil mai, i/ine vi Inch it s pro pond sh ill be published monthly, from Hit commencement of the iiisuing j nu it is to bo hoped that bj i hcait) eo-opor ition some such i ipi ereilt Jtivc oigan will ho Eiibtanieil amongst our chin ches " 1 or the gi eitel pnit ol the veai Smithfield has been supplied by agents selected from the united churches, and your committee rceoinnicnds the organisation ot a preachois'society to open up anil supplv destitute localities in the neighbotnhood of Sydney "It IB also felt to be desirable that the varlouB properties I tin ougticut the colony Morling to the âcagmuiAtion should b« ' put into secure trust, and It is recommended that a * committco of inimny ' Ile ni i o nted to investigate tills important matter " A review ol our p iFt history in tlua land inanccs youi com- mittee! to ur¡,e the lmpoitance of measures being taken to sec that quillt ed men arc accredited as ministers of our body, and hones at no very luture date to ?.upplv y oung brethren, m cv cry otl cr sense qua! tied lol ministerial work, tho«c edina lonnl ad- vantages wli eli, whilst not held hy us to be essenti ii to useful ness ne highly desiderated as unpoiUnt lids "lmnlly, y nu committee trusts that ti e debhel ations of the Union will 1» eondi di d m the pint 11 the Miistci, mil th it uiipoitnnt Fpirilu ii icsiilts will leeruc to illoui chinchesthiougli otu brothel ly mteicouise" [A report respecting tho slate of the various chuichea m connection with the Union vi as tho re id ] The Rev CHAIRMAN then rend his address, which was as follows - " Beloved Brethren in the Lord,-I deeply regret the absence from our assemblies today, of my friend and pre- decessor in the ministry of this church, the Rev. James Voller, your chairman-elect for the ensuing year. I know no reason why your committee should have nominated me as his substitute, save the fact of my being his successor in this pulpit. His claim to the confidence of the churches rests upon long service and established character ; my claim on the contrary can only be the claim of a stranger to the courtesy and forbearance of Christian brethren, who acknowledge the law of kindness as the law of their lives. Believing that I shall better reciprocate your kindness by accepting than by rejecting the trust which you commit to me, I consent to render you such service is it may be in my power to give. I wish not to evade any fair share of responsibility that may be thrown upon me by the churches you represent, and if my ability to serve you prove upon trial less than you expect, my unwillingness to refute a request from brethren whom I esteem and love must constitute my claim upon your indulgence and sympathy " Let me first, in the name of the Baptist Union ef | New South Wales, welcome the delegates of the churches to our annual assembly, and in the name of our churches in Sydney especially welcome our brethren from different parts of the colony, and assure them of our warmest regard for themselves and our deepest interest in their work. We meet in tho name of Jesus, the representatives of free churches, united by no external authority, but by voluntary allegiance to Him. May his presence be mani- fest in all our assemblies, His headship recognised in all our proceedings, and may such bestowments of grace and power from on high be given to us now as shall inspire our ministers with new fervour, quicken our churches with new life, and glorify our Immanuel with now honours m extending His righteous and peaceful reign. "I cannot address you on any special topic as part of Christ's universal Church, without a few words of con- gratulation upon tho growth of public opinion in regard to some fundamental religious principles, and the progress of religious freedom in other lands. The religious gains of the last ten years in England have been immense. The domination of Episcopacy in Ireland had been pro- nounced by three generations of our greatest statesmen to be one of the foulest blots on the British Statute Book. That blot has now been removed, and the emancipated Church shows already more signs of vitality than during the whole 300 years of her bondage May she become to Ireland at last, what she has never yet yet been-a real missionary Church in Scotland and Wales the cry is being raised for a similar boon to be extended to them, or rather a similar right no longer withheld from them The Anglican Church still strives to stem the tide of progress, but, step by step, she is com- pelled to recede before it. Her catechism no longer bars tho doors of popular education, and her clergy have no longer the power to take from tho people the key of know- ledge, unless it be used according to their direction. She retains her hold upon tho national universities, but the people's Parliament has declared that they must cease to be the monopoly of a sect, and soon these greatest strong- holds of mediaeval bigotry must surrender The foremost of British statesmen-foremost in character, and happily foremost in power-has declared himself the foe of religious domination and the friend of religious equality.The schisms of the Establishment are disgusting her warmest admirers, and if her elaborate ritual-the legacy of the imperious will of the last of the Tudors-is provmg the high road to Rome, it is also preparing the way for an- other reformation. Divorced from State control, the Church of England may heal her wounds, correct her abuses, develop her resources, and render possible, for the first time, the realisation of Cavour's great idea of ' a free national Church in a free State ' "Elsewhere the wheels of progress are moving on as rapidly as in England. Priest-ridden Spain, the delight of the Jesuit and the chosen home of the Inquisition, has at last broken through centuries of obstruction, and de- clared in favour of religious toleration. Tho possession of a Bible there no longer dooms a man to prison, and the minister of Jesus Christ can preach the Gospel to tho peoplo without a license from Rome. Italy, too, has dared to despise tho thunders of the Vatican , in spite of all bulls of excommunication she has marched steadily on to the accomplishment of her unity, and now claims as her own the ancient capital of the world. Even Austria recedes from the championship of Papal repres- sion ; Hungary and Poland reject with disdain the recently proclaimed dogma of infallibility ; France, eldest daughter of the Church, is agonised by the throes of a revolution out of which her best friends are hoping to see her emergo purified by a baptism of suffering both from military and Ultramontane despotism ; Russia is still emancipating her serfs and elevating her vast millions, who, as they grow in intelligence, must eventually reject the ecclesiastical su- premacy of czars and patriarchs, and become free subjects of the one Head of the Church. The world is bright with promise; old despotisms are passing away in old countries, and new lands are being penetrated with holy prin- ciples. Missionary enterprises are more vigorous than ever, the Churches are more tolerant of each other than ever, without the sacrifice of mutual convictions, and all round the globe events are opening for a consummation that shall be an ample recompense for all the conflict and sorrow through which the destiny of our race is being attained. "There is one dark spot on the otherwise radiant picture -the shadow of that most sanguinary wat, whose echoes vibrate across the seas and call forth expressions of horror and compassion in these distant colonies It is a reproach to us that, after so many centuries of Christian teaching, two Christina Powers are capable of perpetrating such cruelties; and it cannot be but that the God of Battles, to whom they both appeal, shall render to both according to their deeds Meanwhile we rest assured of this, that the enemies of tho Prince of Peace shall be defeated even by their own weapons, for the objects of God's government of the world are far too pre- cious to be defeated by the ebullitions of human passion A war so frightfully destructive as this must teach the nations that war is too costly to be lightly declared, and the day cannot be very distant when international law shall wrest tho sword from the despot's hand, and determine all con- flicting public interests by the principles of justice and equity. May He whose dominion is over all hasten the day! " From this brief review of the general state of that con- flict for God which is going on all round the world, we turn to that part of the field which more especially concerns ourselves. Here in this Southern Hemisphere we seem far removed from those mighty events which thrill the hearts of men everywhere; it seems like a mere outpost that we are stationed to guard, where only skirmishes can occur, while the great critical issues of the struggle are being determined elsewhere. Yet the conflict between good and evil is as real here as in any other part of the world -and courage, fortitude, fidelity to conscience, patience and all the Christian virtues, are as precious here in the sight of God, and as valuable to the people of this colony, as in the midst of the populous communities of Europe. Wrong is wrong wherever it exists, and a victory over it is always worth securing. As soldiers of the Cross we have no choice- our oath of allegiance to Jesus binds us to a life- long struggle with every- thing that opposes His kingdom wherever it may be, and if we would succeed, the fewer we are the more closely must we cling together. As stragglcrs, we are almost sure to be cut off one by one; united, we not only secure self-preservation, but we may make our power felt in the very citadel of the enemy. I rejoice, therefore, brethren, on my advent to this colony, to find that our churches are closing np their ranks, ready to support each other in times of need, and stand ' shoulder to shoulder,' like brave men and true, in the exigencies and dangers of the conflict. I come among you ignorant of much of your history, and possibly of the peculiar requirements of your condition, and, therefore, it may not be in my power to address you to-night on the most appropriate subject. As, however, our association for common objects is but recent, and destined to grow, l believe, with the growth of the colony, like that larger Union at home, of which we form part, it seems to me important that all our members be specially invited to consider the basis on which we unite the agencies we are to employ , and the spirit by which we should be inspired. " 1 As to the basis of oui Union-it ia comprehensivo without being intltlmite " We submit no duett in ii test to oui chinches as tho con- dition of then association With Ub "W o neitlioi require nor expect nbEi lute uniformity of opinion on these poiuts, resjccting which the tontiovoimes of unnyiied theo 1(ginns wire wflt,td m bvfc/mo divs We itknow leelgo ono eonniiou authority us the nile of faith and piacticc-the wntten Wold ol God but wo rofuso to havo set up among nu any ono min, or number of men, as the infillible interprotois of that Word "\\\ o bold it to bo the duty of ov iy ono among us te inlcipret tho Strictures for liniisoH-by tbo help of ill the li[,lit beean obi tin fi nu ouysoureo, but still (molding to his own iiiel¡,mciitiinl tonstionto lho man who will tolérait no difleieiico fiom his own opiuons, who insists U] on absoluto agreement with hiinsolf on ill religicus questions 1CF] ei Uni, which lit has bo m ublo to entertain a notion oi aiquntn prejudice, and who buds himself unnblo to belitvo in tho »intent) and conscientious- ness of a dissentient, (hat man is scarcely likely to bo, and wo do ne t wish that he should be, at homo among our churches God has filled the vi odd with nnrvellous vanety There are învrinds ofdifleient orders of plants and animals, and not only h is cudi oi dei its own peculiar constilutien, but cadi individual in cith oidcr has Us own speeihe dillcrcnee Lveiv one um see thal of all tho human teunttniiuces ho lins known there uro no two exactly alike, and ovei) one confesses that there aro ni two minds aliko , ou"ht wo not then to expect tho products of mind to bo equally vanoue To require that tho worships of reliCjious consciousness should always tako the samo form is as absurd OB to require that nature Bball dostroy the variety of feature windi sho has givea to tho human tountcnanco and moko all precisely similar Wo woro never meant to bo merely echoes one of another , cftrasst thuyicrB and, Uvje) boljçycrs (ira pur« tg «greg ojl many tilings, hut they mo as sure to differ on other Üilsgtí ; nnd no mun con bo tnio to bia God who ia ialso lohn conscient o Our fathers had to light long and hard foi tho right of private judgment,-we have won -it at labt, and now that this idol of spurious uniformity, v, hieh usurping hietiu chief, had set np, hen demolished before the ink of Gad, tho children of the Puri- tans and Ixonconfoimistb are not tho men to set up anothui in its stead I tt it go out then as tho utterance of tim? iiFsembly, that tho b isis of our Union is comprehensivo enough to include ninny of those di\eigeneres whwh worn onco the landmarks ot separation botweon our churohuí nnd tho bninera to lntei- ioiiimunion that the disciple oL John Calvin and tin disciple of James Aumnius can moot on common ground, iquiilv welcome whore thou livoü prove that they aie dis ijdes ot our 1 ird Jesus Christ. And though wo do not meet for contioversy, neither do wo impose silenco on inch other oin onlv limit to tho liboity of prophesying is the law if idilieutioii Dint libeity wo ex'tnd to everyono who seeks associaiion with us, >n tho condition of his obcdn nee to ts iceoitipanj ing law "AVo claim no tq eeiiil merit foi oin selves as Biptistaou. account of this comprehensiveness of oin basis It is u merit thnt we silure with many ither b idiLS of Christians. The phases of religious tintroversy me piiiBlmtly chang- ing , questions that e onie up to the bin tace m one gener itioii are tcariely heard of m tho next mattcis that weio novel in dispute at ono period Income tho voiy centre» of conflict at nnother 1 bo confcbsions of faith so bkilfully drawn up hy the turi) Christian fatheis, tho theological systems so keenly debated m latei time«, all served their day They refuted dangerous errors They preserved some valuable truths They stimulated religious thought, and trained faculty m the Church that was avuilablo for all tho necessary work of SOCK ty in that day But tho world haB outgrown theso contiovcihies, they woro exhaustivo so lar us tliev could he on euch subjects, for eveiythmg has boen saidon both sides th-t ia- bo said, and to reeur to thom would to only a waste of t mu On all suleB tho churchOB have rest from thibc ancient Hbouis, mid poaco roigns ovci ncarl) the entire bittlc-hcld of a fonnor ago, Tho conflict is not over, but ila phase» havo changed New combinations aro fonucd b) the powers of darkness, now points of attack aro selected, and the ami) of tho living God has had to draw up its i inks afresh to ropol thn foo and guard tho threatened point It ia not tho mci G outposts that aro being att icked now, hut tho citadol itsolf. A keen destructivo criticism has uudoi t ikon to strip Jesus of his divinity, íeduco his mímeles to thu rank of fables, even discredit the story of his hie, and in tho placo of tho Dix ino Lcadoi of the Chtu eh lea vo us al best nothing but a beautiful my th In referenco to this contrai controversy the position we hold to day is the one wo havo over held. We do not retreat one step in view of tho chongos ot modern thought, wo mo us furn in oui nllcgianeo to our Divine Muster, and as united m our witness for him, IIB in any ago that has gone hv Oui comprehensiveness has not been purchased hy either treachery or cowardico, wo nro noither ashamed nor a ti aid to call Jesus Lord, Sido by sido with othoi churches that are contending for tho faith we take our bland, pioud of (ho nama wo boar \- the name that is ubov o every liaino - and happy if vie may m any way glorify Hun It may bo that in this colony wo nie one of tho smallest of the tribes of the Lord, hut iii ¡inj rato wo havo an existence, we hold a recognised position , doods havo been done by j ou and y oui pu de cessai s which aro worth remembering, and there are names in the records of your work 'which the Churches will not willingly let die.' AVo exist then ns a distinct bod), uni the comprehensive- ness of our basis must have its limits There aro many pointb on w hieh wo agree with othoi sections of tho Church, but unlc«8 thero were BOIHO OH which vi o difllr from thorn there could bo no caube show ii foi our continued separate} existence Are these difference" asufluunt cause for our sopnrate exibtcnee i T hat is a question w Inch is frequently asked, and one which han been frequently debated in tho annual assemblies eff various sections ol ChnstianB If every diffcrenco of opinion-it is sind-were to require a distinct denomination foi its expression, wo should have na many denominations as there are mdividunls, for ovcry man has some opinion peculiarly his own To form ti single Chuich, individuals have to Ienvo out of sight many diflerenccs foi tho sake ot whut thev regard as moro im- portant, why then should we not cany tins procesa a httlo further, and put nn end at once to sectauan controversy { Possibly tho timo will come when the Churches will dis- cover a piactical solution of that difficulty IthaBnot cone yet, however, and I um one of those who hold thal we can sen e Christ belter aa w e are than by attempting to force a union that lull not le spontaneous and real. Theil) is a real union existing now nuning the different denomina- tions, the union of sympathy and mutual respect and co- opération in many common objects, and absoluto identity in regnid to tho ono great aim of the Church-tho sal- vation of men If it shall over bo desirablo that there bo identity of organisation and name, a way foi' its accomplishment is sure to bo opened But it is worse than UFelcss to force people by resolutions and votes of Synod into associations m which they ai o not prepared to work together hurmomously I' would bo only a ropolition el' tho aspiration foi visible uniformity which destroyed the real unity of tho primitive Church, and ita immediate, result would be ii repetition of Iho t schisms which fill the pages of ecclesiastical IHBIOIV, tho bitterness of which is on!) now passing away from tho Chin chea of Christendom. AA'e gam nothing by laxity of scutum lit as to tho obliga- tions of Chustinn fidelity-wo gain much by tnio Christian chout) , but this wo can seeuro furbeltei by mutually respecting euch other s conscientiousness, and mutually conceding tho right to differ, than hy asl ing from each other conccFBiius of pnniiplea that cannot be honoRtly ninde 1 or the snko ot ono common end, therefore, more than foi tho saho of oui dillercncts, leave tho Churches to work Eide b) side, each m its own vi ay, nnd vvhatovor real gnins one mnkes w ill bo gnin for the wholo The real test ol the light which nn) religious body lins fir sepáralo existence i« giowth bo long as it has within its vitality siilhiicnl to assimilate olbin, to its ohm ictor, so long it ennm I die But when this povvoi is lust, no human expedienta enn keep it alive Of Churchos, na of indi- viduals, our Saviour's lulo holds good ' Lvtry troo that bears fruit he prunes thal it may bung forth moro flint. Ev cry tree that boaieth not flint is cut down and cast into Hie fire ' "2 Lol mc speak next ia re gai d to tho agentics to bo cmplo)cd the) must bo s)httmatic without bocommt incril) mcchniucol There are two opposite mistakes very often made respecting the oiguni/ations windi tho Church adopts for the iiccoinplisbmtnt of htronds, on ono hand thev mo undul) decned, and on tho olhor thoy aro unduly exulted Let tho Church bo free, say somo don t tío hoi down ly forms and fixed methods that only fetter hor free- dom and strangle the vigoious spontaneous expression ot- her inw aid lifo B) all means let her bo irce but freedom is one thing and disorâcr in unothor, and it is possiblo lor superficial observers to confound tho two lho freedom of the Church does not consist in a sones of spasmodic otlorts that d10 out almost as soon as befcun,-Btartmg an enter pnsc to-day, repeating of it to- moiiow, cbtinging it tho next da), piovmg nothing by fair trial, and holding fast nothing Bivo this inveterate habit of fickleness Every- thing wo havo to do must bo done m somo method, thero aro both good and bad methods, and in BO many varying conditions as thoso that occui in the lifo of our Churches, wo can leam tho best method only by actual trial. Many failures must teach us how to succeed, but having learnt the woy, lot us keep lo it A bad method pcrsovcred in, ii it tend at all m tho right direction, ia better than a constant chango of plan Organised tflurt wo must havo-tirort that is both combined and sustained, because fitful desultory eflort wasfCB our strength, discouiagcs ti ir Churches, and foils to attain tho onds which it contom platee lho God of Nature is both orderly und systematic in His works, Ho haB organised everything, the ?wbolo univeiso is a system of worlds, tho vory molecule of matter, which, in comparison with vegotablo and annual organs, wo tam inorganic, has its own spécial organization, its atomic law, its attraction of cehosion, it» gravitation, )ot m all Hit Creators works, thero ia a beautiful variety and spontaneity lot oui works bohko His, organued and combined without saenffcing m | dividualit) , lho gicafcstmuximum of tbo Btrength whish is derived from union, with tho least possiblo minimum of resistance from the f 1 iction 1 f machiuer) rho substitution of mero officialism, automatic and 11 responsible, for direct personal oflort ia Christian woik, is to bo avoided by oil means Botter ovon tho fitful, lawless, undirected cnergion of u Church where evoijimt doo-i what is right in his owa c) cs,-though it bo vviong in the oyes of many of his neigh- bours, and bometimeswroi g in tho sightot God too-than tho hfolcss routine ot a still and formal ollicmlism that lets SOUIB perish while it is fluming resolutions and pissing votes of thankB Wo may form BOCIOIICB, adopt plans, wnto reports, and establish all Boris or ecclosmsticaJ machinery , but if vee exj ott tho moro mathineiy to do tho work for UB, wc shall bo for ovor disappointed The) regeneration of tho world must bo wrought out by living mon and women bringing tho pnnciples of thurowa Bpmtual life into direct contact with tin 11 fell >w men It is a living Chuich, not dead mathineiy, tho rules of societies, and tho pioteidings of committees that shall quiekea and renovate the woild I say not that our Churches havo given us too much 11 ganuntum, but I B113 tho) uro sadly loo niutli pioiio to commuto their Master B claim uji 11 then pirsonal HOI vico " to a mero money pa) mi nt, lind tbo Bubstitutionary servite by pocitties I 1 ay no1 nb indi n au) of our tried ngoucies and approved mutilations, bul I HU} trustless to the uime ogenc) for vital results mid use it only ttB 11 vcluclo of pcisonal bond of S)iupathy And if anywhere we havo tho constiounitss ot failure 01 unsitisfactory pro- gress, lot it not bo Liken foi guntid that the special organisation concerned is ut fault and must bo domoiishod or refoimed, bul let UH nilli« iibk whethei tho fault bo not in ountlves Ordain/ ilion wo must have-smiplo, floxiblt, adapted to its objett, 1 j ni lo of boinc, modified by tho Bpceml needs of time and pli co , but it must bo quiokoncd by tho living sympitlnrs and pii)ornnf (ho Church foi unless God breatho into it tho uioilh of lifo it will novoi bec ino a living soul "31 molly, in rogan! lu tho spint of our woik- it must bo thal of the Mastei whom wo servo "With what lifty and holy purposo was ho filled t Willi what piofound and Itndti passion ho bohtld tho iiiul litudo scattered ulroad liko sheep without a ahophcrd. How heavily did tho buideu of Jerusalem s sia press upon his heart whea his tears fell on tao Mount of Olives for tho doomed eily which waa lying at Ins feet ' Tho ono steadfast aim of his lifo w us lo wiv 0 pen lung mon. Noth- ing could make lum sworvo fioin that lho kingdoms of tho world in all their glory, tho possibility of founding a universal empire, with Jorußaleni foi its e ipitnl and htm Bclf for its head, tho attrill lions of fascinating ploasurcs, (ho mahciouB persecution of inveterate f OOB, the utter unworthi DCBB of those with whom, and for whom, ho laboured, tho burden of toil which was upon him, tho agony of sour thai vittu °Y«rwlwl»ç4 bim, UJO flgoi («ti, iwxkWP WW* \Hclof death thal was before him from tho beginning cv cn death on the cress- all failed to drive him from this tsteiidfaHt purpose of Ins soul O, for more of tho spirit of the Muster fho Churches ure languishing lorviautof this, and (hero is nothing that can supply its .phire Splendid buildings, exqnibito music, powerful c li quenci, immense c nidition, may bo tho results 01 tho niooinpnniwents of u i uisocrutcd holy fen inn, but thev novel can bo a fcubstituü fi i it Uenoniinitional /ml max J« pure and sacred 1 ut if it seek nothing m io thin tho spread of tho connie In n mel tV" triumph of n se I, it is only tho selfish \mivloiieus piule ol i human propn frandism Oin dene nun iti ns exist to ii v seuls, tiley can iiaveno higher end I i that is the ii IPIt foi which Jesus incd, and for which In i onstituUd His Church and if ¿hey fail m thttth v lui utterly mid altogether If tho clnof end Lo nut ici mplished, I cure not whatevoi else is or 5snot Pcush the dene nun ilion if thereby Chust can be glorified Unless vu au vvilluu. to lost ourselves for (CliuM « sake wo sh ill novel find i m true success Selfish JimliMiuslnp and desjieiblo sectarian jealousies have .ilwaysbeen in the way of ii ii ¡rospinty, nnd unless a ¡baptism of fire from on Ineji hall bum it out of our Cliuiohi«, we m iv die mi of a glorious inillounium as firdently aswo]iloiso but vu «Ii ill nevei have unv thing i xtent tho drcani If is fer tin Mastci in hoav en we ai o í ibounng, not foi the Baptist Union, and if wo (uko with us ¡jho usbunufeo that we have a commission from Hun 5< will dignify eveíy cilice* vu fill and every duly wo dis rhnrgt Follow tin footsteps of tho Chuieh wherovor you will, nud you vi ill lind that the men who hnvc boon most TsUecessful were men vi ho most roaombled thou Lord m July evangelistic/eil 1 hey kindled tho onthusmsm of ilheir fellow-worl eis where their own was kindled, in coni jnuniou with bim willoi love fe i lost smnors bums with n quenchless finnie And if thev became the foundcis of SelieioiiF bodies it was not boc iiiso their main aim was to i lrctuato their own mines cn earth, but bcciuse thov lmiourcd then Muslei and sought ' first tho 1 lngdoiii and Tif-htcousness of & id Bri tbren, lot us seek foi oursch es ïu d cur Churches i new biptisiu of tho Holy Ghost and of ino If wo nre deteiiimied ti givo tho Gospel to our Sollow men, und do it for Chnst s snko do it becvuso wo pliow His love to thom nnd feel tho power of His love for ils, neilhei the siiiiilliiibs of our number, noi the vvoik ¡noss of our churches, noi the distance which separates us, Sioi the difficulties of communi< ition, nor disastrous Hoods, Jioi doubtful Bensons n i all other causes combined, can ¡prevent our doing a great woik foi Him in tins our adopted country ' AVho shall sop irntp us from tho lov o of Chnst i «Shiill tribulation, oi distress oi persecution, or fnnune, or »nakedness, or peril, oi sword Nay, in all these things we ruo moro than conquei rs through Him th it lov ed us Tor ï am persuaded that neither death, nor life, noi angela, Itlor pnncipahtics, nor powcis, nor things present, nor ¿hmgB to como, nor height, nor depth, nor anv other creature, ahnll to nble to separate us from tho love of God Jvhich is in Christ Tesus our 1 ord ' Tho Rev D lisvuei proposed, Rev R MORTON peconded, and Rev A AV Winn supported a voto of thanks to the Chairman for his address, which was canicd |l>v acclamation T he meeting closed with prnv or THURSDAY The delegates and friends met at half past 9 o'clock for prayer in Bathurst-street Church; Rev. Dr. Fenwick presiding. At 10 tho Rev. J. Greenwood, M. A. , took the chair, and called on the Rev. A. Burdett to lead a paper on " The Chief End of the Christian Ministry." A discussion en- sued, in which the Revs. Messrs. Morton, Fenwick, and Webb, and Messrs. Mills and Knibbs took part. In the absence of the Rev. J. T. Hinton, the Secretary read his paper, which had been forwarded by post, on "Church Organization." In the subsequent discussion the Revs. Messrs. Morton and Webb, and Messrs. Bubb and Knibbs took part. Mr. J. H. PALMER then read a paper on " The Sunday School," which was discuesed by Rev. A. Burdett and Mr. Knibbs. A'otos of thanks were recorded to each of tho three gentlemen for then valuablo papers At 1 30 a numbor of in ends sat down with the ministers and dolegates for luncheon, which wis provided in the adjoining school joom At 3 tho delegates met for adjourned businoss It Was resolved, to defoi tho consideration of tho reoigauisa ¿lon of the Auxiliary to tho Baptist Missionary Soeioty till juext year, meantime tho treuBurer was instructed to iransmit the sum m hand to the treasurer of the Parent «Society The report of tho committee appointed to draw up a basis for a Home Mission Society waa read by Mr. J. H. KNIBBS. It was resolved, - "1. That we do now form a Home Mission Society. 2, That the Committee of the Union to the Committee of the Now South AVnlos ¡Baptist Homo Missi in 3 That tho Committeo »be empowered to collect funds and omploy thom in secunng (such agencies &H; thoy may deem to bo suitable, and m such localities as they think host " The time and placo of the noxt Half-yearly meetings vero fixed, and a vote of thanks accorded to the ladies who interested themselves in prov idmg tho luncheon At 7 30 ti United Communion Sen ico was hold, in w Inch the Rev s 3 Greenwood, A Burdett, A AV AVebb, R Morton, T Laue, G Shoppard and D 1 enwick took part. 