WE have received several letters on the subject of our late leading articles on the Rockingham-question, which seems to have become the "stock subject of t'ie period." They are most of them too lengthy for insertion, and only repeat what has been already written. Still, we are by no means displeased to see the interest that is taken in this question, and are quite willing to give publicity, so far as our space will admit, to arguments on both sides. One writer accuses us of opposing to day, what we once strongly advocated in the columns of the Era, when that paper was in existence. He is both right and wrong in his statement. It will be remembered that, when Colonel Bruce was at the head of affairs, the Executive proposed to expend about £6,000 in lading a tramroad from the Canning river to a point somewhere near to Mr. Mason's Station. We objected to this expenditure on the grounds that it did not supersede the use of water carriage, when it was well known that the difficulties of the Canuing, and Swan river navigation, formed the greatest drawback that Mr. Mason had to contend against. We said that, to render the thing complete, the seven miles of road proposed to be laid, ought to be extended to the sea side ; and, if the expense of a line of that length was considered too great, a line of twelve or fifteen miles, laid between the timber belt and Rockingham, would be found much more useful than the shorter line proposed to end at the upper Canning. From this it will be seen that Mr. Doyne cannot even lay claim to originality in the scheme he has recommended. There was a vast difference between assisting an enterprising man—for Mr. Mason is one—with an, expenditure of £6,000 or £7,000, when other industries would, to a certain extent, have been bonefitted also; and lavishing all the resources at our command, upon expensive works, which would after all only accomplish the same purpose. We might spare the smaller nmount from the treasury chest, although the expenditure of even that sum in such a manner is open to objection. But it might have done good, and the increase of trade might have justified it. There can be no increase of timber traffic,) however, for years to come, that would justify the ;enormous expenditure now recommended by Mr. Doyne, and advocated, we are sorry to say, by men whose judgement ought to have prevented them*,from being so grievously misled. What is the present £&te;.;of this much vaunted trade ? Here is a vessel building ^at Fremantle, and all the h^nds have been walking the streets for days, because timber cawnot be bought from the merchants to finish her. The Eliza Blanche has been chartered to convey a cargo of tim ber to Adelaide: Sh£ was despatched to the Vass^ to load ; the timber "being supposed to be stacked on the beach. On her arrival, the timber was actually uncut, and they have been at work, night and day, Sundays included, to get it ready ; and as-it-was sawn, it was sent on board ! Is this the trade, and are^*those the timber merchants for whom the colony is to bedragged into debt? We are told of timber Companies. Where are they I We saw the ghost of one, the other day, going begging from door to door, to collect £100, which had been spent in advertising its " Prospectus". It died an untimely death, and its ghost had to collect funds to pay for its decent interment! 