Jottings by the Way. THE ALBURY VINEYARDS. FROM OUR TRAVELLING REPORTER. ALBURY and vineyards are becoming more and more associated every year, de facto et in nomine. Each year sees large additions made to the already large acreage covered with the vine --- for almost every farmer in the district cultivates from half an acre to ten, and yearly adds to the plantation ; so that the banks of the Murray on each side for forty miles will, in course of time, stand thick with green regi- ments of choice vines, competing for fame and excel- lence in the markets of Melbourne and Sydney. The heat and drought of the last three months, however, are telling fearfully on the fruit of the present season. The muscatels are shrivelled into raisins on the stalks, and the other varieties are scarce half their size. The leaves are falling off so fast that many plants retain no shade at all ; this is attributed to an over-dose of side-pruning, which seems to have been avoided in the larger vineyards--- and it is calculated that the yield of must will not be more than half of what was anticipated two months since. At the numerous farms and vineyards I visited I met with a great variety of reception. Some were shy, some unwilling, some indifferent ; while at most of the more important ones all the informa- tion I had a right to expect was freely tendered. The ghost of a Chinese informer still haunted more than one vigneron. Among the many excellent vineyards and estab- lishments which I had the pleasure of visiting in the district, I may mention that of Mr. Fallon's, or 1\. The Murray Valley vineyard, four miles north of Albury ; 2, Mr. Adams's (the Surveyor- General), or "Attamogah" (here get a taste) ; 3, Mr. Edward Sanger's at Corowa ; 4, Mr. David Reid's, at Moor- watha, Howlong. The first-mentioned valuable property was pur- chased by Mr. Fallon, three years ago, for £2300, on the dissolution of the company. It consists of 640 acres of good land, fenced ---110 acres of which are planted with vines, 25 acres in full bearing, and 50 acres more to bear in two years. The kinds now in bearing are Muscatel, Shiraz, and Reisling. The ground planted is a hill of red loam, full of sharp quartz grit, and in places blocks of quartz are found at and near the surface ; one block proving of such a size as to be immovable was chipped off to the depth required by the subsoil plough, and left in the ground. The manager's house, the press-house and cellar, are at the top of the hill, and from the plantations slope gently away , on every side, on a soil that varies from two feet six to ten feet deep. The wine I tasted here was Reisling (two years) and Mixed Red (one year), and like most wine from Mr. Fallon's cellars, of superior quality. The second vineyard on the list is situated seven miles out of Albury, on the Gerogory Road to Wagga-Attamogah (by inter- pretation, "Here have a taste") is the appropriate name of this " pride of the vineyards," and whether you taste the grapes or the wine, both are, to my fancy, unrivalled in the district. Let any man take an agreeable stroll of twenty miles in this dust tormented district, with flies in his eyes and ears, grit in his teeth, dust in his nostrils, sand in his hair, and perspiration everywhere, then stand before one of Mr. Adams's vine-pictures in all their fruitful beauty, and decline, if he can, the never failing request, " Have a bunch of grapes ?" By courtesy of Mr. Beat, the manager in charge of this vineyard, we learn that it contains a greater variety of choice vines than any other I was favoured with an inspection of. They are---Marsala, Bur- gundy, Reisling, Muscatel, Verdeilho, White Shiraz, Carignan, Mataro, Carbenet, and Sauvignan. The grapes look unusually full and abundant, not having suffered from such a ruthless pruning as seems to have reduced the plants in many smaller vineyards to skeletons, with their dead leaves strewn on the ground. A splendid white Shiraz, with its pendent clusters, forms the entrance porch to the cellar, a cool, well-proportioned and well-ventilated build- ing, holding 15,000 gallons. The casks, which are of first-class Melbourne cooperage, contain from 600 gallons downwards, and the cooperage, ex- carriage, was at the rate of 8d. a gallon. There are two presses ; one on the primitive screw lever plan, and one by adjusting hardwood rollers on a principle of the proprietor's working out. The two year old white Shiraz and a red wine I tasted were superior to anything I had the opportunity of judg- ing in the district. The hill soil is, as usual, a red loam with stones ; the flats a white sandy soil. There is a reservoir of four acres constructed for household purposes ; the vineyard contains twenty two acres, twelve of which are in bearing. Corowa is, as all the world knows, with the exception of a few North American Indians, and some benighted Laps in the north of Europe, a town of New South Wales, on the River Murray, forty miles below Albury, and two miles before reaching it stand Mr. Edward Sanger's residence and vineyard. The proprietor was going to Corowa, having met with an accident, and referred me to his second in command, who would give me every information. This vineyard is upwards of thirty acres in extent and is planted with Muscatel Shiraz (nine acres), Gouais (four acres), Verdeilho (three acres), Tokay (three acres), Baxter Sherry or Pedro Ximenes (three acres), Acarout (half acre). It has a calcareous soil and a southern aspect, and along the lower end more level ground run six acres of orchard, contain- ing the healthiest and finest fruit trees I have yet seen in the colony, skillfully pruned, with open centres and radiating branches, curving upwards like frames for seats or nests. The markets for such fruit are Beechworth, Chiltern, and El Dorado. Among the casks, which hold from three to 500 gallons, is an elliptical one, which has the advantage of containing a large quantity in small breadth, gaining in height what it gives in width. There are also two large well made vats, an ordinary boiler and steam boiler --- steam being applied , at the bunghole by a curved half-inch iron pipe, fixed under the stand; this of course is for softening incrustations on the casks. All large casks are furnished with man-holes nine inches wide, for men to enter for cleaning purposes, the panel being lodged and screwed up afterwards. Here, also, is a copper still, complete, for converting lees into brandy, about fifty of the one making ten of the other. The last, but not least, being the largest but one in the district, and the largest, with no exception in full bearing, is Mr. David Reid's, at Moorwatha seven miles from Howlong. It was dark when I got here ; but Mr. Reid, in the most hospitable manner invited me to stay the night and see the vineyard in the morning, promising to send the buggy with me into Howlong afterwards. After a pleasant evening spent "much to my advantage" as regards topo- graphical and historical information, we retired and the next morning I took a walk round the vineyard before breakfast. This property consists of 1,400 acres of fenced land, 200 acres of which are under corn and grasses and 50 acres under vines in full bearing. Of these 20 acres are under Shiraz, 3 under Carhenet, 6 under Muscatel, 4 under Malbec, 9 under Verdeilho and 3 acres under Reisling. These vary in a remarkable manner as to their bearing qualities, as the following table will show, being the estimated yields of the several kinds mentioned, of course in the local soil, which is a calcareous loam of an average depth of 18 inches and mixed with iron stone :---- Shiraz .. avg. 220 gall, to the a. 15 lbs. to the gall. 6ft. apart Muscatel 350 .. .. .. .. .. Verdeilho 175 .. .. .. .. .. Carbenet 200 .. (a most valuable vine) .. Reisling 210 .. .. Malbee 540 .. .. 1705 (sic) --:-- 6 = 284(sic) gallons to the acre, average yield of those six varieties ; and regarding some of their characteristics, Shiraz, which appears to be looked upon as the most valuable and universal wine in the vineyard, thrives in strong ground and is very hardy, standing heat and drought well. This vine was imported from Persia into the region of Valence, south east of France, I think, by the Romans, and the wine made from the French variety is Hermitage. Muscatel is a heavy bearer, thick in the skin, and, like Shiraz, thrives in a strong soil, while Verdeilho is a shy bearer and prefers a light soil. This wine is much used for " mixing." Reisling is a white variety in universal favour, and Gouais is the brandy grape, bearing prolifically in white clusters. As a general rule we may say black grapes for strong soils, and white grapes for light soils. This vineyard was planted seven years ago, and the yield this season would have been upwards of 20,000 gallons of must, but for the present severe drought, which will reduce it to about 13,000. It is laid out on a rhomboidal plan, admitting the plough in three different directions. It is ploughed once and scarified thrice a year ; and every third year ploughed twice ; the stakes are troublesome, requiring constant attention and resetting; the only remedy seems charring and driving well down from two to three feet according to the soil. Beside the two vineyards above named, in the immediate neighbourhood of Albury there are Messrs. Shubach's (the oldest in the district) ; Phillipi's, a gentleman to whom I am much indebted for valuable hints and information, and who takes an enlightened and com- prehensive view of this branch of colonial industry, storing his knowledge--- got alike from failure and success---until he has attained to the manufacture of a capital wine. These and a host of smaller ones cluster round Albury, and are annually increasing, for vineyards pay better than wheat-fields. In the neighbourhood of Corowa, after Mr. San- ger come Messrs. Forgeur with 25 acres, Ford with 12 acres, Brown Brothers with 11 acres, Magennis with 10 acres, Whitehead with 7 acres, Bow with 5 acres, and several ones, twos, and threes. At How- long there are three beside Mr. Reid's ; altogether there cannot be less than 450 acres under vines on this side the river, and if we cross over to Wah- gunyah, we find them equally thick about Brown's Plains, Mr. Graham leading off with 50 acres, Mr. Ranthorp with 20 acres, Lindsay Brown with 8 acres; a German with 9 acres, and so on. I will not presume to speak authoritatively on a subject that involves so many subtle problems that those who have worked at it many years scarcely seem to have learnt the alphabet of ; but, looking at it from a common-sense point of view, one cannot help being struck with the amount there is to learn in the science of grape, cultivation and wine-making before success can be calculated on with anything like certainty in this uncertain climate. The ex- perience and traditions of Europe are almost value- less here, and in many instances positively mis- chievous and obstructive ; for a blind adherence to what works well in a moist and comparatively cool climate like the Rhine may lead to nothing but re- peated failure and vexation when applied in the scorching winds, the roasting sun, and powerful oxygen of an Australian air and climate. It would be by no means difficult to demonstrate that there are as many problems to solve with regard to this question as there are characters in the Chinese written language. In the adaptability of various vines to various soil ; in the action of oxygen in the formation of tartaric acid and tannic acid ; in the growth of starch and transition to saccharine under solar heat ; then the action and counter-action of all these components ; and the action and counter-action of the antidotes to be applied when the manufacture has gone wrong ; and instead of wholesome spark- ling wine, we have produced a sour sick vinegar. I say those problems would, if calculated, amount to tens of thousands, and therefore all honour to the few who are patiently, perseveringly, and expensively working out some of these problems at their own risk and cost. For it cannot be denied either that such wine as you taste in Mr. Fallon's, Mr. Adams's, or Mr. Philippi's cellar, is all that is usually claimed for colonial wine,--- wholesome, pleasant, and much to be desired; or on the other, that such stuff as is retailed in Melbourne at sixpence a tumbler is altogether unwholesome, very unpleasant, and seldom desired a second time. What else can be expected? If wine, fit to drink is nine shillings a gallon in Albury, how can it be retailed inMelbourne at sixpence a tumbler ? The public demand for cheap wine has been met by a cheap substitute for wholesome wine, which has had the effect of turning the public taste back upon alcohol and ale. This will eventually prove an im- mense service to the wine trade, for the manufac- ture of inferior wine will gradually cease, and those who now attempt to make wine will hand over their must, and ultimately their grapes, to those who can make it, and the bad article will almost disappear from the market. Wagga Wagga, March 12. 1870 