"... DR. FOREST AT BATH UP, ST. We observed last week that special efforts were made iu tho local papers, as well as in the Sydney Romish organ, to tell the Romish people of Bathurst that Dr. /Forrest, of the Romish College, Sydney, would preach in the Romish Cathedral at Bathurst, on tlie "Veneration of "the Blessed "Virgin." Of course we were not there to hear tlie sermon of the rev. gen tleman, and we hope that but few Protest ants abused their Sunday in listeriing to doctrine so idolatrous and unscriptuval ; yet, as the subject is important at the present time, we shall sliow our Protestant readers what this "Veneration of the Blessed Virgin "is. Maybe sonie. of "our Romish friends will see our " discourse," and be induced to consider calmly, and beyond , the paralyzing influence of the priest and chapel, the- idolatry and blas phemy with which they are fed as the saying truth of the Gospel. Dr. Forrest. preached on the " Venera tion of the Blessed Virgin;" But the word " veneration " is a very convenient one for a public advertisement. It is explicit enough to. invite Romanists, .aiid.it is not so calculated to shock the Protestant eye/ /as' a stronger word which Avoiild. more truly ekpress the meaning of Preacher. We do not know of any christian people who re fuse to " venerate " Mary, who was the , mother : of ' our Lord. All generations, since ChristIs . .birth, have called lier: " Blessed , among. Avomen." As;-, a . pious womari— as a woman who trusted in Christ' as " her saviour "— -and asa woman who Avas . highly honoured as/the instru- nient of bringing into the world'/christ's, sinless liunianity, all generations of chyist-' ians lui-Am lield her in; memory with, high " veneratioh." But, all this does not touch the question which subsists between Romanists and Protestants, aud in Avhich . ; lies the charge which Protestants allege against Dr. Forrest and his church, of _r idolatry and blasphemy in the " Gultus" of / Mary. , The question is one of " adoration of Mary," of "religious worship " to her,' /: and of. trust in her as the great " Hope and Refuge of Sinners." The rest of the;qdverlaseinent is -equally cunning — " Veneration' of tlio Blessed... Virgin." The Scriptures are very explicit ' ' iii their assertion of the miracle of Christ's birth. They give a . clear account of!tlie prophecy/ of /Isaiah, " Behold a Virgin," ,t<feo.., Their.; statements cannot .bp doubted, that Mary; 'as tlie'f mother of our Lord, A/triun/yi'bniaii.'- . But beyond proving ,( arid , asserting ' this, tlie Scriptures say'/ nothing Avhatever abont Mary as a virgin; ; oh the contrary; they dis'inctly speak of ' ' ! her cis a, married yJbman, and the proof is explicit-, that for twelve! years she lived in | they. estate ofv honourable. maiTiage Avith < Joseph her husband. The- Scriptures noycr speak of Mary as. si- " blessed virgin." TIiey.('saA; siie,is , " blessed arming , / loppien,;" they predict that all generations t5 shall call her " blessed ;" but tliey nowhere predict or imply that .all generations shall ' 1 call. licr " blessed yiygin." The Scriptures ...! afliyai and guarantee that up to the lime. ! AVjlieu Jesus Avas born -Mary- avos a virgin-; but just -as ' distinctly . do they affirm and pyoA'e that aftert7ial Mary as a married j woman lived Av'th hor liusbancl. Tlie-sx- pyession, therefore, "Blessed Virgin," as eruAlrfln nP M i iiifn-Ttn!. .!./. T> ! ..tl. Wi iu.au i <U.y&L-; UI1U .Uirtil Ul VUKlS'l, is pure deceit, and a begging, of the ques tion at issue between Romanists .and Pro testants. All Protestants admit that up t'o the time that Jesus avos borrivMAny avos ' a a'irgiu ; but as this is denied after thai time, there is iiot only deceit, but a beg- , - ging of the question in the use of a phrase - aa'hicli is so " happily" equivocal. Of ! course, avc Icuoav Avhat Dr.' Forrest Avill / say about the avoitI "until" in Mat. i. "l chap., 25 ,v. We ..know, also, that he AviJI say, that although 'Mary lived ' witli' J osEP.li as his wife for upwards of /twelve, years, a "miracle" so preserved her, and : Avro ught upon Joseph, that Avhil'e Mary : Avas still the " blessed- Aurgin," .Joseph" became the " Glorious . .Joseph !" Wc know, too, .that Dr. /ponawst avhi oxpnuii the passages Avhich speak about Christ's " Brothers and Sisters," as referring -noi to- the children of . Mary, but to " cousins of . ( Christ." ... But all this is so purely fabii- lous and gratuitous, that no oiie avIio will read and consider .with an unbiassed mind can fail of the conclusion that sucli forced explanations and quiet assumptions arise > from the necessity of the Romish, system. -. It is a strange thing that Dr. Forrest - and his church should Icuoav of a " mira cle" preaorVing , Mary Avlion the Scrip tures not onljr say nothing, about it, but speak of- the brothers and sisters of Christ ! ; Aud still more strange is it, that while / the Scriptures speak of the brothers and sisters of Christ; Dr. Forrest and his : Church should be able to say that -the per sons referred to Avore not " at" all toothers and . sistors,i>but only cousins'! Bht.'wliy.'. this recourse to a ..." miracle," and . Avhy this explanation about cousins 1 Simply, that the Scriptures may be forced to say , nothing against the Romish doctrine of Mary's virginity ! And .what, is , the need. : : for this doctrine? None Avhatever, unless; to' support that idolatry arid blasphemy which' Rome has . invented. There Avas a very good reason ..that ' >untU- Jesus, was.-; born Mary should be a virgin, but after that1 there Avas no reason AvliateArer. Tlio great object to be gained—the great truth to be provedv— AA'as, , tlio' '.miraculous incar nation. and' faith "of Christ ; . but, tohen this vxts made sure in the birth of Christ, : what further need 1 Hence the Scripture- most plainly intimate' tliat . .only " rintil 'f '/ this event Avas it so Avith Mary ; and their - ; statemerits/-snbsequently . as- clearly inti mate- that Mary Avas the lawful Avifo of her lriisband J osEvir, and the mother of other children. We submit, therefore,./ . that the Tlanguagc of Romanists, and of Ritualists; and a few others, in speaking- of , Mary as the "Blessed Virgin " now, is./' Avholly uiiAA'aiTantable, and a gross assump-. tion. ;. , v. But Dr. Forrest probably did -not-'1 think it necessary in a Romish Catliedral j. anicl before a Rduiish people to define his / language :or- .-lie. very .particular .in tlie. aise - of! terms. Probably; he -felt himselfi as - a deA'oted believer in'MAUY, and with it vieAY to , iijcreasing the fervent . devotion of' his Mavioiati-ous audience, altogether, free; from the coldness and trammels of verbal - criticism, 'and therefore he pluiiged /at oncci 1 into . the grandeur of his subject, arid'osri ; into tlie ecstacy of- sublime adoration, in describing the virtues, glories, powers, privileges suul graces of the " Queen of heaven," " whom all the angels of God worship,-", and, who is the great " Redemp- ' tress" and: " Refuge of .Sinners !" .-.-'-No. doubt : and we shall rise too, that : mir readers ' .may sec something of the -height of that; idolatry, and - blasphemy which Rome intendsi. by the apparently harmless expression, — " Thc-! Veneration of the Blessed Virgin !" E very body : leu ows . : tl nit Ro in e has . in vented three kinds of ff Religious worship.", The lowest kind is that which she gives to angels and saiiits ; and relics. ; A higher kind "she gives to MAttY:anU:i(jo her alone. And then the highest of all she gives to God. With such a distinction: as this, .Rome trips, to escape the .charge of "idolatry." But it is a mere i utellectual shuffle, and . never can be preserved in practice ; and the man who tries to act according to it, .while always treading on the verge of blasphemy and idolatry, can never be sure, in moments, of fervour and zeal, but that he has incurred the guilt of giving to the creature the worship iind the homage which , are' 'due to Gob only. "No such distinction can save from a breach 6t" the Second' Commandment.-- No such distinction is- countenanced in Scripture. For Religious "'worship," "veneration," "adoration" — no matter the word — is ex pressly forbidden, in .Scripture, to man or to angel, or til any other creature. It is im possible that ' Scripture can be honestly read without reaching this conclusion, that religious worship; if given to any hue to Gob; only- is idolatry and blasphemy. All religious worship is one 'in kind ; it is higher or lower j it is warmer or colder, according . to the knowledge and faith of the worshipper ; but any religious worship whatever; except to God, is idolatry and blasphemy accordiug' to the teaching and tenor of all Scripture. . ; The worthlessness of the distinction re ferred to, and the actual idolatry com mitted in the "cultus " of Mat. y in the Romish. Church, may be easily illustrated. Mow is Mary regarded in the Romish, system ? What use is made of her by Dr. Forrest's Holy Mother Church % What is thepraetical devotion which isshown toiler, viiose praises -tu-o -- n'nngV- -'by .'! quoir and organ, and whose holy days are special lays in the Roman calendar? Let us give a lew instances which probably formed the gist of Div Forrest's sermon. St. Boxaventurk, parodying the Psalms of David, thus addresses Mary in his Psalter : — Blessed is the mail that loveth thy name, Virgin Mary; thy grace shall strengthen his heart." "O Lady, I have oried unto thee day and night ; tliou liast had- .mercy upon thy scrvaut.':'. " Into thy hands, lad)', I -commend, my spirit, in y whole life; and my last day. " 0 my soul, bless the . mother - of Jesus Christ, and riiou my inward parts, glorify her name." " The Lord said unto our huly, O Mother, ait there on ' my right hand." " Hear these things, all ye people ; give ear ye- that would enter into tlib kingdom ; honor the : Virgin , and you w ill find life and eternal salvation !" "The same "Saint" thus addresses Mary in imitation of the passages of Scripture, "Tlirough the bowels of the multitude of thy mercy, visit us, 0 morn ing star, rising froni 011 high; enlighten the darkness of those who are sitting in! the shadow of death." " O -tliou blessed oneF ?UV salvatioiv rests in thy hands, whom tliou wiliest shall' be saved ; and lie- icohi Avliom tliou tuincst away tliy counte nance, goeth into destruction f" '' -Not only this, .-but in imitation of tlie' Creed, this saint lias made -faith/ in Mary i, a sinc.; qiut non. " Whosoever - will be' saved, , before, all things it is necessary tlikt he liold firm; the faith, concerning the Virgin Mary ; which, except every one keep', whole and undcfiled, without doubt, lie . shall perish everlastingly-''.. This is the . faith concerning the Virgin Mary ; which except one doth believe faithfully and fer vently, he cannot be saved !" And, if this be not enough, let the following be added;, and surely the. glory of Mary will be fully given— "Therefore, 0 Empress, and our most virgin lady, by thy right of niothei', cotii- mand thy most beloved Son, our Lord Jesus Christ, that he vouchsafe to raise our minds," &c.; ! ! Again, St. Lkiuoki, another great saint of. Dr.' Forrest's ; Church, thus speaks of Mary. " Will not God, who has infinite love for Mary, fling away, at her suit,- the thunderbolts which he was going to hurl on wretched sinners '? Indeed, every peti tion she. offers is as a law emanating from theLoRDby which lie pledges himself to be merciful to those for whom she intercedes !" Dispensatrix of the divine grace ! you Save whom you please ; to you, then, I commit myself that the enemy may not destroy me ! St. Anslem, to increase i-oht. confidence in Mary, assures us, that our prayers will often be more speedily heard, in invoking her name, than in calling bn that of Jesus Christ. We, holy virgin, hope for grace and salvation from you; and since you need but say the word,' oil ! so do'; you shall be heard and we shall be -saved !". 'TKel.'8atop;<LiduoRi, in his " glories of : Mary," a- book, by the way, ivhicli is freely distributed at the Sydney Infirmaiy, says — " God could grant his graces with- the intercession of Mary, but he will not." "God lias resigned into her hands his omnipotence in the sphere of grace " " that it is safer to seek salvation tlirough lier than directly from Jesus !" "It is the will of Ggd that all graces should pass through her hands ;" that "no creature obtained any grace from God, save accord ing to the dispensation of his holy mother!" And then this Mary worship per tells us of a " vision of St. Francis, about two ladders reaching from earth to heaven, 'the one red and the other white ; on the red one Christ leaned, from which many foil backwards and could not ascend; but on the white one the Holy Virgin leaned, the help whereof suck as used, were by lier received with a cheerful countenance, and so with facility ascended i'nto heaven !" .Lot our readers consider the following quotations from saints and doctors of the Romish Church as samples of idolatry and blasphemy of Mariolatry. One saint puts forth these words into the mouth of Christ — -" No' one shall bo partaker of my blood except tlirough the intercession of my mother." Another says — " We can only hope to obtain perseverance through her." Another says — " It is impossible for any one to be saved, who turns away from her, oris disregarded by her ; or to be lost who turns to her, or is regarded by her." Another says — "Whom the justice of God saves not, the infinite mercy of Mary saves by her intercession !" " The Blessed virgin is superior to God, and God him self is subject unto her in respect of the manhood" which he assumed from lier." "lc All tilings are subject to the command of the virgin, even God himself." " How ever she be subject to God, inasmuch as she is a creature, yet she is said to be superior and preferred before him, inas much us she is his mother." " God re tained justice unto himself- and granted mercy to her." "She is the throne of Grace, whereof the Apostle spealcetli. She appeaseth the just anger ol her Son. To sinners who have lost divino grace, there is no more sun for him ; but the moon is still on the horizon ; let him address himself to Mary- j she is the only refuge for those who have incurred the divine indignation." And, " Jesus being no less our judge than our Saviour, lie must avenge the wrongs wo do him by our sius ; while the holy virgin being solely our advocate is obliged to entertain only sentiments of pity for us ! !" It is impossible that we should here recite all the blasphemous titles which are given to Mary, exalting her practically to the position of Deity as " Doa." Every term which just shuns this is employed to;. glorify her. The shaving is the cleanest possible. We are told that she is the "refuge of sinners." The "only hope." The "Mediatrix." The " mother of God." The " Go-redemptress " "of the ;worlcl. She is spoken of " helping Jesus ;to, redeem us ;" that lier, will " conjoined-. Iwitii Christ's will, making to God one and: the same liolocust for tlie salvation of- the jwoyld.; ancl that she, too, -'was willing to " die " Avitli her son for the salvation of men ! Then she is spoken; of as " so loA'ing the Avorld as to give lier only begotten sou !" " Acting as a priest she offered together, Avitli her son, the sacrifice of redemption ; and, therefore, she bears all the names and titles which are wont to be ascribed to Christy and is rightly called ; the Redeinptress, Restoress, Mediatrix, Authoress, and cause of our salvation ! !" This is not all—'.' Our redemption is said to gain its strength from Jesus, but its loveliness ,and beauty from Mary !" We are said to . be clothed Avitli the merits of Mar Ar. It is said that Mary is received in the Sacrament Avitli Jesus. A prisst is said to; be a minister , of Jesus, and a " minister ipf Mary !" Such as believe an : said to be borh by the will of God and Mary !' -Mary is -'saicDto: " strike her roots in th< soul, and then produce marvels of grace ! She is said, in union witli the Holy Ghost, to produce Avondrous things; and that when Mary is formed in the soul, the Holy Chost flics there 1" She is spoken of as the centre of creation, the mediatress not only of men, but of angels, the com plement of the Holy Trinity. And then, the blood of the Son, and the milk of the mother are said to be in the Holy Sacra ment !" We cannot multiply these blasphemies. From what we, have given above, Avhich are doubtless drawn from the same source from Avhich Dr. Forrest drew his sermon on the " Veneration of the Virgin Mary," at Babhurst, last Sunday, it is perfectly clear that Romanists have a use for Mary Avhich is totally unheard of in Scripture. They cannot do \v ithout her. They cannot be saved without her. Not the will of God, not the poAver of Christ, is of any avail with out the help of Mary. Slue, therefore, is the "way," and the "Gato of heaven." She is Avorslupped — she is prayed to — she is trusted as such. ".Ten hail Marys and one Paternoster" 13 about the proportion of devotion and- trust of a genuincRoman- ist. And, hence, in the Roman Breviary here is the lesson, Avhich is Roman Gospol, and the preaching of Mary." — " If thou art rolling on this worlds tossing ocean- — if the .wind of temptation rises against tliee — if thou art tossed on the waves of pride — if anger, ai'erace, or fleshly enticement, shake the bark of thy mind— if, troubled at the enormity of thy sins, or confounded by the defilement of conscience, or terrified Avitli horror of the judgment to come, tliou begirinest to be swallowed up in the abyss of sorrow, or the gulf of despair— Think of Mary !" Such is 'Roman " Veneration of the - Blessed Virgin!" Such is the preaching of Dr. Forrest, and the Gospel the Pope ! But idolatry and blasphemy more . palpable than this could not be found. 