THE NATURALIST. LOCAL TOPICS. Our Disorderly Insects.—The Cicadæ. About the first week in December, or a little earlier if the weather be hot, an extraordinary noise fills the air, and continues for a week or ten days, wherever the Eucalypti or gum trees grow, almost stopping ordinary conversation in many localities. It is very difficult for any but an entomologist to find the source of this noise, which seems to fill the air, now near, now far, and resounding from a hundred points, all round the listener. It begins with a startlingly sudden, loud, harsh whir, like the application of a knife to some large steam grindstone, and after this has lasted for perhaps a minute, it suddenly changes into a loud quacking, much like—in sound, loudness, and duration—the ridiculous chorus into which ducks in a farmyard often burst when the barometer indicates coming rain. To a ner- vous irritable writer the disorderly organ- grinder's nuisance at home is nothing com- pared to this, which cannot be induced to "move on." The cause of this noisy disturbance may be readily found by looking on the trunks of gum trees, or on small shrubs near them. It is a broad-headed black insect, rather more than two inches long, with two bright orange eyes, one at each corner of the forehead, which is rather more than half an inch wide, and obtusely angular in front; each of these eyes is in reality a group of hundreds of minute eyes, each perfect in itself, with lenses, cornea, humours, pigment layer, and twig of optic nerve for itself. Be- sides these, there is a triangular group of three small simple eyes called stem- mata on the middle of the forehead, each constructed like each of the myriad eyes forming the compound ones at the corners, but larger. There are four large elliptical mem- branous wings, coarsely-veined and slightly blotched with dark brown, and placed when at rest, so that the surfaces slope from the sides upwards, to meet at an angle along the back like the ridge of a house-roof. This insect is a Cicada, nearly alike in struc- ture, general appearance and habits, to the famous Cicadæ of the old classic writers of Greece and Rome, who seem to have had as queer a taste in music as the modern Chinese, who, like the ancient Greeks, are said to keep these insects in cages for their song. As the different Cicadæ differ a little in the noise they emit, it is just possible the song of the Cicadæ praised in Greek verses from Homer to Anacreon may be a trifle better than ours, but still they are so much alike that any description of one recalls the other. Even the habit of our own of singing in the hottest sunshine of our year, is noted by Virgil for the European one, in his line, "Sole sub ardenti resonant arbusta cicadæ." As only the males can sing, the ancient poets attributed their loud jollity to the happiness arising from the knowledge that their wives were mute—but this is now known to be mere slander. That Tithonus, the con- sort of Aurora, was changed in his old age into a Cicada, although devoutly held by the ancients, is also now generally dis- believed by modern entomologists, who classify the Cicada amongst the true Hexapod insects in the modern order Homoptera. This order formed one of the two sections of the Hemiptera, accord- ing to the classification of Latreille, both groups agreeing in having the mouth formed into a long tubular sharp-pointed snout, bent down so as to rest along the breast between the bases of the legs; but the modern Hemiptera (including all the plant bugs), as the name implies, have the wings divided in half, the tips of the anterior ones being membranous, but the posterior half thick and testaceous; while the present insects of the section (or modern order) Homoptera have, as the name implies, the wings of one structure through- out, being membranous at base as well as tip. Another characteristic of the Homop- tera is that the tarsus, or terminal division of the leg, is composed of not more than three joints, and the Cicadidæ are techni- cally distinguished from the plantlice (Aphidæ) by the former having three, while the latter have only two tarsal joints, and from the scale insects (Coccus), which have only one. The black species referred to above belongs to the genus Cyclocheila, and is the Cyclocheila mærens of modern entomologists. In the present month (January) another somewhat larger species occurs, agreeing nearly in habits and sound with the former, but the body and nerves of the wings either pea-green or apricot yellowish brown, or an irregular mixture of both colours in some individuals, and this is the Cyclocheila Australasiæ. In both these Cicadæ the organs in the males used for producing the peculiar noise are to be found on the under side of the body, close behind the bases of the hinder pair of legs. In this position a large rhomboidal, slightly convex, plate appears on each side, slightly overlapping in the middle, and under each of these, if removed with the point of a knife, will be found two drum-like or tambourine- like cavities covered with a tense mem- brane, which can be thrown into vibrations like those produced by the finger on the tam- bourine, by a series of special muscles. The females are distinguished by the imperfect development of these parts, and have a great sexual peculiarity in the posterior end of the abdomen being modified into a most curious and complex sawing instrument with which the creature cuts fissures in the bark of the dead dry twigs of the gum trees, in which the eggs to the number of many hundreds are deposited. The eighth segment is bent down, and encloses two pieces forming a sheath, containing a strong horny borer with a spear-shaped head, serrated at the margins. The fissures made in the wood are usually in a line, and have a rough appearance from the splinters of wood standing up, and fixed by one end. When the young are hatched, they are about the size and shape, to the naked eye, of fleas, and speedily seek the ground, into which they burrow, and where they live on the roots of various plants, until the pupa state is reached; the pupæ also live underground, on the roots of plants, and are equally active with the larvæ, which they resemble, except in size and having a rudimentary indication of the wings on each side. When arrived at maturity the pupæ creep out of the ground and up the trunks of trees or branches of small shrubs, being then thick, whitish, hump-backed creatures, with the head and large eyes bent down on the breast, and thick ovate body, with large broad, oval wing scales, one on each side of the body, and six legs, the posterior four of which are slender, and somewhat like those of the adult, but the anterior pair greatly thickened, and terminated by short pincers, like those of some crabs, and totally unlike the simple anterior legs of the adult. This pupa remains quietly fixed to its stand on the tree or shrub for a little while, and then suddenly bursts along the middle of the back, and out from this fissure crawls the im- mensely bigger head, body, slender legs and long wings of the imago, or final adult state, which shortly begins to fly and sing, as above described, leaving the ghastly, ghost-like, empty skin, with eyes, legs, and all parts, to the smallest hair of the pupa, perfect, in numbers on the trees, where they may be seen now. MICROZOON. "There seems to be no doubt," says the Pall Mall Gazette, "that in America they have discovered the art of moving Iarge build- ings without injuring them or inconvenienc- ing their inhabitants. The Architectural Reveiw and American Builders' Journal gives an account of the removal of Pelham-house, in Boston. In order to widen a street it was necessary to more this house sideways about 20ft. or to pull it down. It was decided to adopt the former alternative. The house is 70ft. wide by 100ft. deep, five storeys high, and is supported on square granite piers with heavy partition walls of brick; it is said to weigh 50,000 tons, and is an hotel arranged in the French mode. The motive force was got by means of 60 or 70 huge wooden screws, with their heads against the first floor and their heels against the paving at the curbstone, the intermediate ground having been excavated. The house began to travel on rollers at 8 o'clock in the morning of August 21, and per- formed its journey safely at the rate of 14in. per hour, carrying with it all its furniture and its boarders. The Architectural Review says there seems to be no good reason for doubting that the pyramid of Cheops or St. Peter's at Rome could be moved endwise or sidewise at pleasure, any required distance, by this same process." 