NEWS AND NOTES. Last night’s Herald has some particulars in refer ence to the promised Bogus and Jones correspondence. We make the following extracts:—“The war between these gentlemen rages hot and furious, and is likely to furnish materials for amusement to the lookers-on. At this moment the press—under the inspiration of Mr Jones—in some parts of the city, is hastily throw ing off the bombs which have to demolish the self confident Bogus. : Mr Clarke has proved himself tobea ‘ ready writer,’and a most indiscreet one, too, as the extracts from his wonderful productions will prove when circulated. One does not know which to admire most—the transcendent impudence of the writer, in arrogating to himself the control over the conscience of the Chief Secretary, or the cool effrontery in deny ing what is so clearly written by himself, and what has beenso dearly cherished by his enemy. The friendship must, at certain dates, have been of the Damon and Pythias stamp, as ,per correspondence, but. this case proves conclusively tkattliebest- of friends may fallout over the political chesnuts.” “ The treat promised to the electors of Ballarat West is now dished up for them, and is ready for circulation. A copy of the bill of fare is before us, and to all appearance, how ever well it may satisfy the Ballarat people gene rally, it will certainly disagree with the stomach of the gentleman known as Bogus. The extracts from the letters are superb in their impudence, and must be read to be enjoyed, as no abridgement can do jus tice to them. Now for a few instances. ‘My Dear Sir, —Keep square; for God’s sake do not intrigue against the Ministry in re Rolfe appointment. You may rely on this, your re-election has greatly pleased the chief.’ In reference to Mr Langton’s celebrated bill for the ejectment of certain members, he says:— ‘ You know the object of the Langton bill. It.is aimed at you. What would you think if the Ministry sup ported that measure? I know that they will oppose it just for your sake. Then don’t be ungrateful.’ In another case Bogus rises higher still—‘l and my friends will insist that you are in the next Ministry. M'Culloch is with you, and I will have something to say in the matter.’ Thus the writer of these choice letters goes on in his wild rhapsody of what he could do, and seems to think that he can arrange the politi cal phantasmagoria as he pleases.” Quite a batch of justices of the peace found their way to the Eastern Police-court at about half-past nine o’clock yesterday morning. MrDyte was first in the field, and he had dealt with the only prisoner by fining him 5s for drunkenness, by the time the clerk of the court, with the mayor, and Messrs Rodier and Anderson, put in an appearance. A letter has been received by the City Council from the Secretary for Mines, asking whether the council had any objection to persons mining within the boun daries of Yale Park. It appears that applications to iiiine there were sent in to the department when the “ Revival” reef was supposed to be going to yield from 8 to 10 oz to the ton. The letter was referred to the works committee of the council. A dispute between the St. George and Band and Albion Consols Companies came before the City Coun cil yesterday. An account of what transpired will be found in our report of the council’s meeting. “ Bat,” writing in the Pleasant Creek News, in refer ence to Mr C. E. Jones, says:—“ I assert my firm con viction that the greater and grosser outcomes at which we all pretend to stand amazed, were caught from that very corruption that was then festering in high places, the biggest sore of all. It will be a difficult matter to make me believe that the ministerial influences around Jones were pure; and I am prepared to think that the assertion having reference to Mr M'Culloch has enough of a truthful foundation to make men halt with a grave query of astonishment when the compact between Bogus and Mr M'Culloch has been read. The barn-door and the duck present a very different ap pearance after a shower. Jones the draggled may be laughed at, and pecked at, and crowed over, while the sleek oily plumage of the duck shows that outward serenity and immaculate order which are a feature of other gentlemen I could name. If political sins throughout a political life, are visited and punished, I know more than one politician whose political.death bed will be haunted by the political ghost of the poli tical part Of Jones.” About twenty members of the Ballarat East Fire Brigade attended at the station last night, where they were put through elementary drill by Corporal Fyfe, of the Ist 8.V.R., who is also an officer of the brigade. The men bid fair to make good progress; Mr Percy Whitestone delivered his lecture on “Signs of the Times ” in the lecture-room of the Mechanics’ Institute. The room was densely crowded. We understand that a few of the Ballarat friends of the late W. C. O’Brien, C.E., whose sudden and lamentable death at Warrnambool has left his widow and children totally unprovided for, have initiated a subscription to alleviate, in some degree, the immedi ate requirements of the bereaved family. The. match between Mr E. C. Moore’s Columbine (late Dauntless) and Messrs Edwards and Gill’s Faugh a-Ballagh will take place this afternoon, on Lake Wen douree. The start will be at about three o’clock, and the race three times round a course to be marked out. Should the weather be fine a veiy large attendance of spectators may be expected,, for the match has at tracted a good deal of interest, and boats plying for hire will enable spectators to follow the contending boats and get a-capital view of the race. On Monday night, or early on Tuesday morning, some people played up some disgraceful pranks with the Colum bine. They turned the boat adrift, having previously thrown over everything that was not fixed securely, dirtied the sails, and plastered the boat with mud. When adrift a hole was knocked in one plank, and the boat was found in a filthy state. It is said that a party of boys are suspected, and it is to be hoped that they may be caught and punished for their wanton mischief. Lately damage has frequently been done to boats during the night, and it would be well for per sons interested to offer a reward for the discovery of the offenders. The Orphan Asylum committee has arrived at the conclusion that no power is given by the rules of the institution for appointing life governors and sub scribers in consideration of grants from public bodies out of the general rates. The question was raised in the institutions some time ago, when Mr Bogus Clarke asked to be made a life subscriber of the hospital in consideration of a grant made to the institution from the public of the shire of Buninyoug. The City Council has decided to assist the Ballarat Chamber of Commerce in trying to carry out the pro position for a penny postage. A letter asking the council’s help was read at the meeting of the council yesterday. The mayor said that if the project was carried through, the council would deserve credit for its previous action in the matter. The large supply of water now in Lake Wendouree caused a resident of Geelong to send rather a sugges tive letter to the City Council yesterday. The •writer offered to supply some patent drags at a cheap rate, stating that he had sold them to several other public bodies. The letter was referred to the public works committee. When the case of the Official-agent re Union Quartz Mining Company v Andrew J. Forbes was called on in the City Court yesterday defendant did not appear. The case was adjourned untfl Thursday, and a warrant was issued to compel him to attend. We (Argus) are informed that if an actual balance sheet were at once struck, the deficiency in the re venue, as compared with the estimate of Mr Francis, would be much less than is shown in the returns pub lished in the Government Gazette. Thus, there is a considerable portion of the rents accruing- from the pastoral occupation of the territory now due, .but which will not be received, perhaps, for nearly two months; then, a few days since, £7500 was received from New South Wales on account of the River Mur ray duties; then £30,000 is also owed by the banks as interest, but this is only paid every six months; and taking these and other items into consideration, Mr Francis is of opinion that at. the present time he is only between £60,000 and £70,000 short of his esti mate. .■ An attempt to get rid of the unsightly retail mar ket shed in the centre of Sturt street was made by Cr Claxton at the meeting of the City Council yesterday. He moved that in the opinion of the council the market shed in Sturt street was neither useful nor ornamental, and recommended that the works com mittee should' report On the cost of its removal to the Botanical Gardens, and its re-erection with the neces sary alterations, for the purpose of a conservatory. The motion was lost, but Councillor Claxton put it on the notice paper again for the next meeting. •; -At the instance of CouncillorClaxton,thecity-engineer is to take the necessarysteps for the repairingand pro tection of the embankment across Lake Wendouree. The water will not allow this to be done at present however. Cr Claxton gave' Mr Baird as his authority for stating that there would be enough water for boating purposes in the lake for the next four years, even if no more was put in from, the mains. Ellen Tighe, the young woman suspected of the child-murder in Little Lonsdale street, and Andrew Forbes, a man charged with attempting to commit a capital offence on a young woman whom he had enticed out on the Bay in a. boat, arrived on Monday from Tasmania, in charge of Detective Forster. The detec tive arrested the woman near Launceston, and the man outside the court-house in Hobart Town. It appears to be doubtful whether the Boxing-day Fete Committee will have the use of the Botanical Gardens for the annual fete in aid of the local chari ties. At the meeting of the City Council, yesterday, a petition from over fifty ratepayers was read, praying that the gardens might not be used for such a purpose as great damage would be done, and as it would be a great injustice to shut the gardens on Boxing-day against poor people who could not afford to pay the shilling charged for admission. A deputation, con sisting of Messrs Wreford and Brophy, waited on the council to urge the claims of the committee to the use of the gardens, and stated all that had been done for the local charities, and promising that all damage would be repaired, although none had been done on former occasions. A discussion took place and the matter was referred to the park lands and public works committees for a report, which will be made an order of the day for next meeting of the council. It was suggested that the fete could be held in the Agri cultural Society’s yards at Wendouree. The following despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies to the Governor of South Australia, relative to intercolonial free ■ trade, has recently been laid before the Legislature of the neighboring colony: —“Downing street, 15th July, 1870. ' Sir,—l think it important to insure that the Governors of the Aus tralian colonies should not misunderstand the views of her Majesty’s Government with regard to inter colonial free trade. The different colonies of Australia are at present, in respect to their Customs duties, in the position of separate and independent countries. So long as they remain in that relation, a law which authorised the importation of goods from one colony into another, on any other terms than those applicable to the imports from any foreign country, would be open, in the view of her Majesty’s Government, to the objection of principle which attaches to differential duties. But her Majesty’s Government would not object to the establishment of a complete Customs union between the Australian colonies, whether em bracing two or more contiguous colonies, or (which would be preferable) the whole Australian continent, with its adjacent islands. If any negotiations should’ be set on foot with this object, you are at liberty to give them your cordial support.—l have, &c.;, Ktmber let. The Officer Administering the Government of South Australia.” There was no business to be disposed of at the usual fortnightly sitting of the Carngham Police-court on Tuesday. Our local correspondent writes:—“The ninth anni versary of Court Foresters’ Home, Smythesdale, was celebrated on Monday evening by a banquet and ball, at Coe’s Court-house hotel in this town, and was re garded by the members as the most successful cele bration they have had since the establishment of the court. About seventy persons, including visitors and lady friends, sat down to supper, which was catered by host Coe, and was very creditably furnished. Br Gilhooley, C.R., occupied the chair, andßr Dean Hart, D.S., filled the vice-chair. After supper the usual list of toasts found suitable responses, and dancing was then resumed. The ball-room presented quite a bril liant display, the young ladies being attired in very beautiful style, and the young men decked to the top of the fashion. The band supplied capital dancing music, which was eagerly made use of, and the com dany spent a few hours in an extremely pleasant man ner, everyone seeming happier than another.” We are requested to. state that the cases in the County Court list in which Lister and another are put as plaintiffs, refer to debts owing to the estate of J. T. Chapman and Cos., Lister and Cos. having no further interest in- them than that they are sued fpr in their names as trustees. . A miner named Thomas Malone wasinjuredseverely about the thigh yesterday by falling down a jump-up in the Prince of Wales mine. He was going up the ladder in the jump-up when a rung which he caught with his hand gave way, and he lost his balance and. fell. The fall was about 40 : feet. The man has a wife and family. He was received at the district hos pital yesterday.. The band of the third company of Volunteer Rangers played a selection of music, as usual, last evening, when there was a good attendance of visitors considering the extreme cold of the atmosphere. In a case of two men, Cornelius Murphy and John Noonan, brought up at Ballarat East on Monday for a breach of the peace, we ; mentioned Noonan’s Christian name as James instead of John. It is due to Mr James Noonan, who is a hotelkeeper in Ballarat East, that we should make the correction. Telegrams for the branch mail steamer from Ade laide will be received at ■ the telegraph-office up to noon to-day. - . .. Our Carngham correspondent writes:—“With re ference to the announcement by the general manager of the National Bank of Australasia that the branch bank in this locality will be closed at the end of the present month, a memorial to the manager and direc tors of the bank is in course of signature, praying them to make a trial of keeping! the bank open a few months longer, and pointing out as the grounds of their request that a material improvement in the mining interest is confidently expected to take place very shortly, and also, that doubtless there will be a general improvement in business, in consequence of the large quantity of land recently taken up in the locality under the Land Act. Business at Carngham lias certainly been somewhat dull of late, but ap parently the prayer of the memorial is well founded, as in all likelihood there will be a brisker state of affairs in the locality before very long.” “ The luck of Roving Camp, and other sketches of Californian life, by Francis Bret Harte,” is the title of a little book of 120 pages, published by Robertson, of Melbourne. The little stories are well told, and they contain a happy mixture of the humorous and the pathetic while giving, no doubt, a tolerably faithful picture of some phases of the earlier days of mining settlement in California. Some of the most influential residents of Talbot shire have suggested that instead of forming a com paratively small Clunesshire out of the borough and portions of Creswickshire, Ballaratshire, and Talbot sliire, it would be far better for the borough of Clunes to amalgamate with Talbotshire with the guarantee that Clunes should be the shire town.- There is no doubt (writes our correspondent) that many advantages, both commercial and political, would result from such a union, and the matter is well worthy of considera tion by those interested. On Monday evening a concert, with readings and recitations interspersed, was given in the Carngham Mechanics’ Institute-hall, the proceeds to be appro priated for Church of England Sunday-school prizes. In the absence of Captain Pasco, R.N., P.M., Smythes dale, who had been called away as a witness in a criminal case at the Geelong Circuit Court, the Hon. Philip Russell, M.L.C., presided. The attendance was regarded as the largest ever seen in the same building, and was estimated at over 400 persons. Among those who took part in the entertainment were:—The Rev. W. Campbell, Presbyterian minister; Mr F. A. Taylor, Church or England lay reader; Mr T. Hopper, J.P.; Mr R. H. Barry, Mr Agnew, and Mr Broomhill, of Happy Valley; with Mrs Bennett and Miss Bennett, of Linton; Mrs Hoptoh and Miss Lemon, Miss Blun dell and Miss Taylor. Mr G. Smith, of Happy Valley, rendered the principal accompaniments on the piano forte. The ladles and gentlemen who took part in the entertainment acquitted themselves very creditably, and there were numerous encores, the whole proceed ings passing off most agreeably, and being wound up by the singing of the National Anthem, in which all the audience joined. • The amount realised for the object was £l5 12s. We were yesterday shown a half model of a steamer designed by Mr H. R; Murray, for Lake Wendouree. Mr Murray has also prepared drawings, on a scale of three-quarters of an inch to the foot, and these, with the model, may now be seen at the Camp hotel. The steamer is to cost £BOO, her length is to be 60 feet, and beam 10 feet, with a light draft of eight inches. She will draw 15 inches at the lowest draft, and 12 inches with an ordinary complement of passengers. There is to be a rudder acting inside the stern at each end, worked by a wheel on the bridge over the paddle boxes. It is intended to build the boat on the compo site principle, with an iron framework and a skin of wood. The model has been christened “The Gong Gong,” and it is proposed that the steamer shall be propelled by a pair of oscillating engines of 12-horse power, or a pair of steeple engines. The floats are to be of the “feathering” kind; attached to wheels of large diameter. The lines of the model are very good, and if carried out in the proposed steamer would en sure both good floative power and a high rate of speed, while the fact of her having a rudder at each end will do away with the necessity of turning, so that she should be able to run across to and from the gardens very quickly. Mr Murray proposes to form a com pany to build the “ Gong Gong,” and place her on the lake before the Christmas holidays, and he is prepared either to build her or superintend the building, which would take about six weeks, as there are suitable en gines now available. ' : The foundation-stone of the additions to Wesley Church, Clunes, was formally laid by . Mr Joseph Robson, in the presence of a large number of persons, on 10th October. A tea-meeting on behalf of the object , was held, and subsequently a public meeting, under the presidencyof the Rev. W. Lelean, when ad dresses were delivered by the Revs. Messrs Catterall, Watsford, Jeffries, Secombe, and Corr. It appeared by the statement submitted at the meeting that the receipts in aid of the additions were £290 9s lOd, and the expenditure, £203 19s 9d, leaving a balance of £B6 ,1s lOd, to which has to be added over £lOO, the pro ceeds from the tea-meeting and collections. Votes of thanks to the speakers and chairman were accorded, and the meeting separated. Public meetings in reference to the formation of the proposed Clunesshire were held on 10th October at Smeaton Plains, Middle Creek, Eglinton, Tourello, and the Belfast hotel. The advantages and disadvan tages which would result from carrying out the project were discussed at considerable length, and ultimately the following resolutions were carried at each place:— “ That it is desirable that the extreme portions of the different- shires—Talbot, Ballarat, and Creswick— should take steps to secede from their connection with their respective shires, and adopt forthwith the neces sary measures to form a separate shire, with the ulti mate object of amalgamating with the borough of Clunes. That a committee of this meeting be now formed to confer with the inhabitants of the district, and decide upon the boundaries of the proposed de tached portion. That a conference of delegates from each section be held at the Club-room (Mr Wiles’ hotel), Clunes, pn Friday, the 21st day of October, at two o’clock p.m., to adjust the proposed boundaries and finally settle the question.” Influential com mittees have also been appointed in each locality, and so far the movement has met with success. By means of alteration and amendment of sum monses,.bills of particulars, and modes of action, in legal cases, the County Court practitioners' rules seem to be rapidly falling into a state of confusion. Hardly a defended case yesterday was decided at the County Court without a “squabble" on the subject of breaches of rule, in most of which cases leave ; was given to amend whatever was irregular on payment of costs. His Honor Judge Cope, on more than one occasion, in the midst of applications for leave to amend or goon with cases not regularly brought, asked the • members of the profession what was intended to be done if rules drawn iip at a great expenditure of labor were to exist simply to be laid aside as of no effect. At the County Court yesterday a very large number of cases against persons living about Egerton were called on, the summonses having been taken out by a bailiff who had no right to act in that capacity, and who had, after instituting proceedings, placed the cases in the hands of Messrs King, of Gordon, and Purcell, of Ballarat. A material witness was not present on behalf of “plaintiff,” and in consequence the cases were all struck out with costs to defendants who ap peared. For certain reasons, we believe, the members of the legal profession in court rather enjoyed the non- success of the cases. The City Council yesterday decided to vote £2O in aid of the proposed regatta on Lake Wendouree. The offer of the Gas Company to light the street lamps until the rising of the moon on “ off nights ” at a slighty increased rate, has been accepted by the City Couucil. At the request of the committee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society, the City Council has decided to proclaim a half-holiday on the 26 th inst., when his Excellency the Governor will visit the society’s show at Wendouree. The council will also assist in the reception of the Governor at the Railway Station. • A meeting in aid of the French war-relief fund will be held on Thursday evening, at Cheri Mars’ hotel, Gordon. The Hobart Town Mercury, of sth October, has a leading article on the colony’s extensive resources for the supply of white freestone for export to any or all of the other colonies, and regrets that its reputation in that behalf should have sustained damage by the negligence of the contractor for the supply of stone to the Ballarat City-hall. Our contemporary says: “ We may leave the council and Mr Swift to settle between themselves the degree of blame due to each; and if we cannot sympathise with the council, it is because, as we believe, they have themselves, ere this, discovered they have not exercised that prudence which the citizens had a right to expect at their hands. We receive, with some satisfaction, the infor mation that the Ballarat City Council are to judge for themselves, and are not to condemn Tasmania because they have been disappointed or deceived in one instance. Mr Oakden, who is spoken of as a young and energetic gentleman, will have the means of judging for himself, and will be able to carry back with Mm a good report of the Tasmania quarries. As our Ballarat friends very justly say, there are plenty of stone quarries near shipping places in Tasmania.” . His Honor Judge Cope opened the County Court for October yesterday. He disposed of the undefended cases and heard a few on the defended list. The court adjourned at a few minutes past four o’clock till to-day. '' - , A man named Wm. Yelland, aged 45, a resident of Smeaton, was admitted to the Creswick District Hospital on Sunday evening, suffering from a very severe fracture of the left leg, he having, in his effort to right himself when walking, fallen over and broken his leg. An inquest was held by Mr B. Jessup on 11th Oc tober, at the Albion hotel, Clunes, on the body of Lachlan Johu : M'Alister, aged about 31 years, and a native of Stiathaird, Isle of Skye. It appears that the deceased, who is very respectably'connected, Lad for several years been stockriding, and also engaged in driving stock from the neighboring colonies to Ballarat and other places. About eight months ago he broke his leg while working in a claim at Durham, ahd after remaining for some time in the Ballarat hospital he went to that at Geelong, which he left a short time since. The leg does not seem to have properly healed, and the deceased was lame and in capable of doing any manual labor which seems to have preyed on his spirits and rendered him desponding. He came a few days since to Clunes,. whence he has gone several times to visit different friends in the locality, and also appears to have occa sionally drank rather freely. On the morning of 10th October he saw Mr Jessup, and asked him to try and get up a subscription to enable him to proceed to some friends in Sydney. Mr Jessup promised to do so, but was unsuccessful, and on seeing deceased in the after noon told him that he had failed. About 5 p.tn. M'Alister saw Mr Duncan (the mayor), to whom he said, “Co'me and treat me to a glass; I have just poisoned myself with morphia.” Mr Duncan replied, “ Ho, I’ll not give you any liquor, and if I thought what you have said was true, I would give you in charge.” Mr Duncau then left him, but shortly after wards noticing the deceased stagger forward and fall, he with the assistance of some others carried him into the yard of Wiles’ Club hotel. Drs Row bottom, Rose, and Robinson were soon in attendance, the stomach-pump was used, antidotes given, and every exertion made to save the man’s life, but without success, and he expired about 11 a.m. The deceased appears to have obtained 6 gr of morphia from two different chemists on the plea that he was in the habit of taking small doses to allay the pain in his leg, and then to have swallowed the whole quantity about an hour before he saw Mr Duncan. The verdict was to the effect that deceased had died from an overdose of morphia administered by himself, but there was no evidence to show his state of mind. It seems that M'Alister took the morphia in a glass of liquor while standing at the Wiles’hotel bar. One hundred cubic feet of freestone has been re ceived in Melbourne for the Ballarat Town-hall, and the councillors and city-architect seem to have a hazy idea that the balance of the stone will arrive some dayina vessel called the “ Grace Darling.” In the. meantime the mayor has been empowered to send Mr Oakden to Tasmania to look after the stone, should such a course be found necessary. The 100 feet of stone re ceived is sufficient for a week’s work. At the meeting of the City Council yesterday a letter was read from the contractor for the Town-hall, in which he stated that he was a loser by the delay, and asked the council ito compensate him for his loss. This letter was re ferred to the finance and legislative committee, and their report will be made an order of the day for the next meeting of the council. The police-court wing is now being gone on with, as the city-solicitor says that the contract will not be vitiated by the contractor being allowed an extra £27 for going on with this part of the work. Mr Cowland has promised to have the police-court wing roofed in by the end of the present month. The employment of gangs of convicts on the earth works connected with the repairs of the Williamstown batteries is to commence to- day. •' The Agamemnon cleared out for London on Mon day at the Customs. Amongst her cargo were the following items of colonial produce:—26Bo bales of wool, 85 tons of copper ore, 226 bales leather, 646 casks tallow, 3655 cases 65 casks preserved meat, 30 hhds treacle, 18 casks tailings, and 47 blocks of antimony. . . . Says Tuesday’s Aye: —“ An adjourned meeting of the unemployed was held at the Belvidere hotel last evening. There were nineteen persons present, of whom about ten seemed to be there for the purposes of amusement. The resolutions arrived at affirmed the necessity of raising ways and means to carry on the war against the men who ‘were crushing* the working-men under their feet.’ A permanent chair man was, after some difficulty, prevailed, on to act in conjunction with the secretary, and the meeting then formed themselves into a committee of the whole. One of the unemployed gave a strange reason for de clining to act as permanent chairman, neither more nor less than that lie had ‘ not time to attend to the duties.’ What then does he do with his time?” Owing to the brief period that has elapsed 'since the ' decision respecting Supple was arrived at by the Executive (remarks the Ape) there has not been suf ficient time to prepare all the documents for trans mission to the Imperial authorities by the mail. By the next mail Supple’s application to the Privy Coun cil for leave to appeal will be forwarded, and a request will'probably be sent to Mr J. D. Wood asking him to undertake gratuitously the arguments before the Privy Council. It was reported in town on Monday after noon that all the preparations for proceeding against Supple on the charge of shooting at Mr G. P. Smith with intent to kill were ready, should the . Govern ment decide upon pressing the charge at once, instead of waiting until the result of the appeal; home is known. The garrison force was on Monday (says the Aye) supplemented by the further addition of five men, who were passed by the chief medical officer but of a considerably larger number of persons who presented themselves for examination. We learn that the second issue of circulars to the candidates for admis sion into the police force, inviting them to join the corps, will be made in a few days, and that as soon as these have been exhausted, the corps will be thrown open to candidates outside the circle to which it is at present restricted. .. Isaac Bentwick, a tobacconist of Mair street, was fined £2 in the City Police-court, yesterday, for hav ing furiously, driven through the streets the night be fore.. .' The first of a Eeries of lectures in connection with the Learmohth branch of the Hibernian Society was delivered on the evening of Saturday, Bth October, in the Roman Catholic school-room; Learmonth, by Mr Martin M. Ryan; subject, “ Daniel O’Connell;” There was a large attendance of members. . The lecture was well received throughout, and at its conclusion a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer for the very creditable manner . in which he treated the subject. " ar ? formed,” '"’rites the Alexandra Times} that a criminal information was sworn before War den Akehurst on Friday, accusing the Melbourne di rectors of the Working Miners Company, Godfrey’s Creek, of conspiring to defraud certain shareholders in the company, by giving a fraudulent bill of sale over the mine and plant.” An Echuca telegram of Monday says “ A melan choly accident happened here yesterday. Four chil dren of Mrs Tapley, of this .town, were playing in a boat, which being pushed from the shore capsized, and they were carried' away by the current, which was very strong.' Sergeant Cleary hearing cries, in stantly rushed from the camp to the scene, and'nobly plunged into the water and rescued one of the boys, but was much exhausted himself on reaching the bank. Mr Mitchell also jumped iu and saved another, but all efforts to rescue the others were unavailing. Mr Heritage, principal of the Victorian Grammar School here, also plunged in, but finding the current too strong had to seek safety in a tree, from which he was taken by a boat. Too much praise' cannot be given to these gentlemen for the noble manner in which they exerted themselves. The police are drag eing for the two lost bodies.” On Saturday evening, in Melbourne, at Mr G. Techow’s lecture on the war in a military point of view, Mr Brahe, the chairman, and consul for the North German Confederation, stated that the War Relief Fund committee would be able to send home £l7OO or £lBOO by this midi, and had no doubt that they would succeed in raising altogether £3OOO. The committee of the French Patriotic Association have sent per outgoing mail to the treasurer of the patriotic subscription, 13 Rue de Helder, Paris, a draft for the sum of £2BO, through the Bank of Vic toria, being the amount collected in Melbourne and" suburbs to date. The reports received by the Victorian Water-Supply Department from the country works (remarks the Aye) are to the effect that the rains of last week have not caused any further damage. At the Malmsbury works a further subsidence of the embankment over the outlet tunnel had taken place during the height of the flood on Friday last, but though at the time it caused some apprehension, it was found on examina tion not to be of a serious character. Men had been employed in carrying out provisional repairs to pre vent any further damage being occasioned by the flood, and everything was progressing satisfactorily. 