I THE OECUMENICAL COUNCIL. [From The Times Special Correspondent.] 1 . ROME, April 11th. Palm Sunday is one of the most picturesque spectacles of the Roman year. It is the opening scene of the great Epic. Our own Reformers carefully eliminated all notice or reminder of the day out of the Calendar. Psalms, Lessons, Collect, Epistle, and Gospel are all equally without allusion to the striking incidents de- scribed in Holy Writ, with exact time, place, manner, and circumstance. Perhaps the cere- mony was overdone in those days, as many might fairly think it done here yesterday, or, perhaps, the compilers of our Liturgy wished to avoid the recognition of Maccabees, to which we must have recourse if we want an express and undoubted precedent for carry- ing the palm branches. Neither the Jewish nor the Pagan custom seems to have been thought sufficient by our good people at home, and Palm Sunday in England is a name and no more. An old friend was very anxious that I should see what it is here. Standing in the rain, before Piale, on Friday, he " coached" me well through the service, and expatiated on its peculiar beauties. By his kindness I was driven to St. Peter's yesterday-the single unsightly object in a carriage full of Knights of Malta in the most splendid of uniforms. As I was in regulation black, and the look of things forbade the supposition that I was either a writer or an undertaker, English observers must have set me down for " the Prelate of the Order," or at least the Grand Master's private chaplain. The Order, I must tell you, has a palace hero, in the Condotti, an ordinary looking mansion, but the property of the Order ever Bince it had Malta, and the residenco of its ambassador as long as it asser- ted its right as a Sovereign power. It still numbers several hundred knights-60 of the first rank-and abares with the Guardia Nobile the protection of Ocumenical Councils. Some 30 knights have now mustered to assist at the long-expected promulgation of decrees, and do fend the act by word or deed, as may be wanted. Entering at a reserved door, where the knights rendezvoused, I was passed through various hands, one of them Mgr. Mermillod, whom I was glad to have this opportunity of seeing. He is a Bishop inpartUm», now making a great fight for his Church at Geneva, a man of extraordi- nary eloquence, and, accordingly, turned to good account by a Church which like the Abbot Carlisle wrote of, knows a man when it sees him. On this occasion, however, he was only very pleasant, and, putting me into a tribune immediately behind tho Fathers commended me to the attention of a retired diplomatist, who did his best to explain things to me. He pointed out a good many personages, among them the Due de Nentoura ; but though just on tho other-side of tho choir, they wero a hun- dred feet off, and the day was very overcast. The choir, too, is the darkest part of the whole church. The adjacent tribute was tho one as- signed to modiatized princes, and on my Baying I feared it would have to bo mode larger, I per- ceived that I had "put my foot into it." My kind friend was of opinion that Germany had found out its mistake, and that change had sot tho other way. Four times tho'old taxation, and a good deal moro military service, with a fair chance of being killed in a cause you didn't like, had told, at least on tho peasantry, who are the people, ho added. My friend said more, all in good part, but the crowd increased even in our reserved place, and by-and-by chanting was heard far down tho nave. The Pope carne in his usual pomp, but had descended from his chair be- fore he entered the choir. On the leftof the throne I had noticed immediately on taking my place a good waggon-load of the palms, The colour, straw or gold, as you may please to call it, was all one could thon distinguish. I had expected greon. Already, the day before, there had ap- peared in tho shops what one might suppose a now kind of toy, sceptres with various fanciful devices, the colour of straw or maccaroni. After the usual preliminaries there came the "obeisanco" \- that is, tho homage-done by Cardinals, Patriarchs, and a good many others. That over, the Pope, rising and turning to the heap of palms, with a strong, clear, and musical voico, intoned n good many long benedictions, con- voying to the palms, and through them to all who received thom, all the graces and gifts of which they may be the fit emblems. I should say that he had already received some palms from the priests ministering at the altar, aud that there was a ceremony with these ; but I only say what I saw and heard. The Pope then sprinkled the palms, well,' as it Beetned to me, with holy water. Then he in- censed thom vory earnestly and thoroughly. After each of these processes he turned to- wards the vast congregation, and, with sprink- ling and incensing, blessed all the palms and all the sprigs of olive that anybody might have brought into tho church for. that purpose. Then carne a long succession of privileged persons, mounting up the steps of tho throne, iii a lano formed by Cardinals, Patriarchs, and officers of State, to reçoive palms from the Pope's own hands. Nothing could bo moro beautiful than tho pyramid of gorgeous figures, sur- mounted by the only mitred head in the church that day. The favoured recipients wero Cardi- nals, Patriarchs, Officers .of State, OUicers of Household, soldiers, diplomatists, and a great number of persons or representatives of bodies that have enjoyed this privilege for many cen- turies. Every name, every movement, every degree of submission or obeisance is proscribed by ancient usage, and were I to begin I should never end. There is a whole literature of annals, antiquities, rites, and ceremonies about Palm Sunday alone. The Patriarchs descended the steps, carrying immense tiaras or mitres with one arm, their palm in the other their trains borne by one attendant, with another at their side. As they returned to their seats, then one could see what kind of a thing tho palm of the Church is. It is a straight rod, or staff, five feet long, golden straw-coloured, thickly covered with bows or loops, each, say, three inches long, with a large bulb of open work just above tho handle, and' another just below two long feathery tips, with which the rod ends. The original palin entirely disappears in tho conventional creation, which unites the idea of a sceptre, a sword, and a mace. It is, however, a very beautiful thing. The guide-books all tell you that it comes from St. Remo, that the nuns muko it there, that they have to subjoct the palms to somo curious processes in order to straighten tho stem and blanch the leaves, and that the privilege of supplying these palms was granted upon a remarkable occasion. Besides the more usual form thero wero two immense specimens up- right bofore the throno, and quantities of smaller ones, with much variety of shape and workman- ship, brought to sharo tho Papal blessing. Some resomblo the finest filagroo work, and some combine flowers und even jowols. This morning I saw a footman carry ono up tho steps from tho Piazza di Spngna so exquisitely boautifill that I could not help asking a question, It was going to the Cardinal Vicar at the church there, and for once I envied him. All the Bishops as thoy loft tho stops of the throno carriod thoir palms upright, and placed thom upright by thom as thoy sat down. Tho soldiers and diplomatists first carried thom as spears, thon shouldorod tl\em, and afterwards disposed them all sorts of ways. Whilo tho favoured classos wero re- ceiving their palms from the Popo's own hands, large armfuls wore carried about and distributed to the mass of tho Fathers. By and-by tho ontiro choir was a golden grove. At last the Popo rose, ascended his chair, palin in hand, and was carriod down tho navo out of tho church, followed, not by all the Fathers, but by all who had rocoivod their palms from his own hands. This was cortuinly tho prettiest spectacle I havo yet soon in St. Peter's, and moro effoctivo than that on Candlomas Day. Where I stood I could only hoar, but not seo, what occurred at tho entrance. Tho Pope and train go out into tho portico ; tho groat door is closed ; the croBsbearor knocks with the foot of tho croBs, and asks admission ; thero is chanting alternately within and without ; tho door is opened, and tlio procession returns. You are to suppoBO it the entry into Jerusalem, or into the Temple, or into this kingdom hero, or inte Heaven, as you ' pleaso, All ono, if you can. When all woro again in their places the sorvico of the Mass bogan. But I lind I havo omitted to montion the transporting music or the anthem at tho beginning of tho coromony. Tho fooling with which my. retired diplomatist whispered " That's Pulestrina" reminded me of an elderly country gentleman who, in days gone by, addrossod mo just boforo tho witch sceno in Macbeth, " Now you're going to hoar tho most beautiful music in tho world." But Palostrina himsolf was only oimhautmont compared with what I now hoard. It was the J' Passion," as it .is called in the sorvices of this weok. The Passion on this day consists of tho 2Gth and 27th of St. Matthew, two of tho longest ohaptors in the Bible, altogether 141 verses, and it was chanted in the tone of an agony at its highost pitch of effort and endurance. It was an appeal to earth, and heaven in a cause transcending human thought Wd foelwg, The chant ia a,, n^meloss tradition of many centurieB, peculiar to this day, and the like of it I nevor heard before. The emphatic passages in the narrative are all but acted in voice and tone. As I read in one the books about it. " The history itself is suig by a tenor Voice, the words of our Saviour by a bass, and those of any other Bingle voioe by acontrolto, called the ancilla, from his singing the words of the maid to St. Peter ; the choir sings the words of the multitude," and is called the turba. At the words " He yielded up tho ghost" the chant ceases, all kneel, and there is a long silence. The chant itself is far more melodious than most of those lately revivod among us, and infinitely more expressive and touching. The " Passion" must have lasted half on hour, and the many thousands in the church must have hung for the while on these few voices-voices and no- thing more, as if their lives were in the strain. After this the service, called the longest in the year, was soon over, and about a thousand palms wore carried from the church by their favoured possessors, most of them to be carried further to all parts of the world. As for the Council it sits to-day, and will probably sit a day or two next week, for every effort is to be made to have decrees sufficient to justify a public session on Low Sunday. The utmost possible are four chapters out of the twenty de Fide, for the remaining sixteen have not even been laid before tho Council. At the present rate of progress the task is interminable. But all is uncertainty, even as respects tho public j session. The sudden and decisive action of Prussia, and the renewed threat of a joint Note by the Catholic Powers, have created a new phase of affairs. Darboy and Dupanloup have both gone home for their Easter ceremonies. The chief question of the day hitherto has been whether Bonneville is coming back, but to-day there is a stirring rumour of a chango in the French Cabinet, and a policy as regards Rome more in unison with the Italian and Spanish. April 13th. The Official Journal of lost night claims a great viotory. It says the sitting yesterday finished the voting upon the Amendments pro- posed to the several parts of tho Constitution de Fide before the Council. Tho votes were afterwards taken by calling of names upon the entire text of the matter under discussion. Six j hundred Fathers were present. There wero no negative votes. A moderato number voted with conditions, juxta modum. AU the rest were simply affirmative. The next mooting is fixed for Easter Tuesday, Of course, much depends on what the journal calls a moderate number, and on the conditions. The Archbishop of Paris, who, as well as tho Bishop of Orleans, is here, and not gone home as reported, claims a vic- tory. Upon what prociso grounds I have yet to learn. The objections made to and attached to tho vote in the form of protest wore not to the matter, or co any principle involved in it, HO I hear ; but were rather on the ground of infor- mality. Indeed, it is admitted, and put in the way of excuse, that the opposition was taken by surprise. Darboy and many others imagined they would have another opportunity of speak- ing for the voting by name-call ; but found themselves silenced. Yet thoy say they have gained something, and stand better than before, and also that the opposition is stronger than ever.. Rome, it is noedless to Bay, recognizes a Providential interposition in tho Plebiscite, which will reduce the French Government to non-in- tervention with the Council, so it says. 