A FRENCH HOUSE OF LORDS. (From Zee Examiner end London Review.) Ik politics, as in war, the greatest skill is often t shown, and the greatest credit won by masterly movements in retreat. Talents far short of the highest may enable a gallant and sanguine . reader to jump on the back of a popular impulse and bring it up safely to a fit resting place, if he does not mind being borne along with it until it is spent and tired. But genius alone can with credit and success evacuate a strong position long deemed impregnable, and in the face of pitiless foes fall back, with colours flying, and drums beating, and all the honours of war. This is what Napoleon III. has been doing since the last general election, confessing that the absolutism in which he maintained himself for eighteen years had become no longer tenable. After blowing up his stronghold he has retreated step by step through many a difficult pass, and across many a dangerous ford without any notable humiliation or discomfiture J Some of his antagonists have - ' given up the pursuit, and others have been con " verted into allies ; but the main body of his assailants, elated with triumph, continue to press on. And now he is preparing to throw j up car thwork» and make a final stand, in the Imperial system, as resuscitated in 1852, the Senate was little more than an ornamental body of political gentlemen-pen- sioners, having no real influence or control over either executive or legislative acts. The Elective Chamber had the minimum of independent authority, but the Nominative Chamber had none. All the concessions made from time to time contributed to raise the lower House in importance and to lessen the power of the Crown ; but they left the House of elderly peers, prelates, and marshals pretty much as before. The great changes of last year brought the first and third estate nearer to a level. The Corps Legislatif obtained power of the purse ; while the Emperor held fast the handle of the sword. One by one, however, other attributes and privileges of constitutional rule have been demanded and conceded to the now popular Assembly, and the Emperor clearly perceives that it is bent on becoming a French House of Commons. He likes the prospect before him as little, we are sure, as did William III. when he came to realise the conditions imposed on him and like the Stadtholder king, he has bethought him of seeking aid in a House of Lords. But the difference is great between having an established aristocratic Chamber to work upon and to work with, and having to make one. Divide and rule was the unuttered but unmistakable policy of William; he not only succeeded for his own time, but he invented a system of government which lasted for nearly two centuries, and which, in fact, is but slowly crumbling away in our own day. People say there is a good deal of the Dutchman in Napoleon III. He has phlegm, taciturnity, genuine toleration of all opinions, bad health, marvellous versatility and boundless ambition. Like his Batavian prototype, he rose out of the shadow of a name greater than his own, and was content to bide his time, long years, until his opportunity came. Like him, the Emperor has shown himself reckless in nothing but the expenditure of money, and immovable in one only resolve-that of keeping up, at any cost, an army big enough to bully the rest of Europe. Like William, he has shown himself not only ready to forgive his opponents, but to take them one after another into his counsels, and to cover them with benefits. Half his present Cabinet are Orleanists; yet he courageously confers with them as to the best mode of establishing a constitutional regime and saga- ciously enough he discerns that on three wheels order would go far more safely than on a bicycle, however constructed, or however dexterously driven. His letter to M. Ollivier, proposing to consult with his Ministers how a Senatus Consultant might he trained for clothing the Upper House with new and substantial powers, is a very characteristic move. "Will it succeed The meaning of the Emperor's language can- not be mistaken : " At the present time when successive changes have gradually created a constitutional regime in harmony with the basis laid down in the plebiscite, it is important to replace in the domain of law all that more specially has reference to the preservation of legislative order, to impress a definite character upon the latest reforms, to place the Constitution above all controversy, and to call upon the Senate, that grand body which contains so many brilliant men, to lend to the new regime their most efficacious concurrence. I therefore request you to come to an understanding with your colleagues, and lay before me the draft of a Senatus Consultum which shall firmly fix the fundamental dispositions deriving from the plebiscite of 1852, and which shall divide the legislative power between the two Chambers, and restore to the nation that portion of constituent power it had delegated to me." The real question will be, is it possible to constitute in France, a Chamber independent alike of the whim of the populace and the will of the Crown ! The design is obvious ; the proportions are easily drawn and the carpentry of the great political joiner, we may be sure, will be admirable. But has he materials for the spokes of his third wheel ? Mere notabilities, lay and clerical, civil and military, are all very well for a pageant or a debate ; but the function which a Senate worthy of the name has to perform is neither that of talk or of show. It is essentially that of interposition, by a highly intelligent and deeply interested body, between the passions of the multitude and the caprices of power. It is the prerogative of dilatory veto, combined with that of practical amendment and adjustment, tending to compromise, showing the way to compromise, and morally able to insist upon compromise between opposing forces outside of its own peculiar sphere, that constitutes the practical raison d'etre of our House of Lords. Are there. in French society the elements to hand in such an assembly Louis Philippe can hardly be said to have tried the experiment fairly for his notion of peers seems to have been little more than that of gilded tools. The consequence was, the more of them he made, the less they were respected, and the feebler became the body to which they belonged. In his day of trouble they could give him no help, because they had no independent influence and in the crisis of his fate they were literally nowhere. Napoleon III. is doubtless a wiser and an abler man ; but it remains to be seen whether he has the magnanimity and the foresight to call into existence an Upper Chamber capable of playing an independent part in affairs of State, and leaving them without frus- tration or corruption to exercise their power. A Ghost Storeys report has been current in Kempsey during the past week (the Mackay Herald relates) that the ghost of an old woman has been seen on two or three occasions lately, at a place known at Darby's selection, situate a short distance from this town. A young man, named J ob Stanford, a man named Francis M'Carthy, and another man, all state, we believe, that they have seen the ghost an old woman, tall, lean, and haggard. It was seen, it is stated, on three consecutive nights, and approached the men, uttering the most piercing and unearthly shrieks. Reports says that some years ago an old couple lived a very unhappy life in that locality and the woman ultimately died in a most wretched condition. Whether her death was hastened is not known, nor does it transpire that any questions were put to the apparition by those who say they saw it. 