, there had been any string-pulling, he was not in a petition to eay ; but he was of opinion that the en couragement given by persons in 8outh Australia to representatives of Companies to stand out for ceitain concessions '(impeded the carrying out of the undertaking. (Bear, hear.) While he was in favour of the increased rate of interest being Riven, unless very good reasons were shown he would oppose to the last moment any extension of the limit to the cost of construction. (Hear, hear.) If, after the promise of the Government, the warm tnppoitcra of the Bill were determined to carry out tfceir view, whether the House would or no, it was time for them to look a little moie into the guestion, and Eee whether there waa not some influence which they might not be cognizant of. lie was thoroughly in favour of opening up the country; but when a gentleman like Mr. Bagot stated posi tively that the rail proposed to be employed W0 lbs.) was altogether beyond the requirements of the colony, the youngest member of the House would be justified in pausing before committing the Houec to a course which they would have to regret for years ta come. To 6how the absurdity of supposing that they had arrived at perfection in railway economy, he would state that he had been credibly informed— showing that the Kosewortby Extension Line was too expensive— that sleepers weie rtjected by the Kngineer-in-Chief as not Kocd enough, and that they were used as joists in the fine substantial building now known as the National Bank at Uawler. He considered in a new country railways to carry all the traffic that would be required for the next 25 yeaia without any great expenditure for repairs might be constructed at much less cost than they had been, and those were the sort of railways which the country wanted, and which be should be happy to luppoit. Mr. PLAxTOKD thought the House was going away fiom the motion of the hon. member. (Hear.) He wad in favour of the construction of a railway northward of Port Augusta, and he was also fa\ourable to an increase in the rate of guarantee, seeing that the interest which had pre viously been offered had not led to any one under taking the work. He would point out that it did not fellow because they guaranteed interest on the amount of £4,-M per mile that £4,006 would be spent (Hear.) Provisions would be inserted in the Bill, io that if £4000 per mile were not spent the interest would not be paid; that it would, in fact, be only paid on the sum that was expended. With respect to the construction of the railway, they could not expect parties in England to con struct a line that would need constant repairing. He considered a 40-lb. rail was quite light enough, particularly as there would be heavy traffic in the shape of copper ore. He saw no necessity for the motion, as the Government would shortly be in troducing a Bill en the question, when they could have a fair upstanding fight. He kuew nothing about wire-pulling, and so far as he was concerned it had not been put in exercise. The statement had been circulated during the late election that a number of the members of the last Pailiaraent were influenced in their views on the question by being offered positions of emolument when the railway was made. He did not believe the state ment was true. He trusted the hon. member would withdraw the motion. Mr. CHER1TON said after the statement of the Treasurer, and the feeling of the House, he would withdraw his motion. Motion withdrawn, BECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURE ON NO11THE11N RAILWAYS. Mr. HAMILTON moved— 'That a return be laid on the table of this Houee, showing the actual receipts and expenditure on the Port and Northern Railways, including the Kosewortby and Forresters and Burra Extension Lines, for the five years ending 30th June next. The revenue to be divided as follows, viz.:— Receipts from passenger traffic; goods traffic, de ducting agency; cattle, horses, and live stock, deducting agency; construction account; main tenance and repairs account; hire of engines, carriages, and trucks. The expenditure to be divided as follows, viz. :— Salaries aud wages; repairs and renewal of permanent way, bridges, culverts, and fences ; new sidings, and other works to meet exigencies of increased traffic; coat of locomotive and carnage department, cost of tele graphs; compensation to contractors. In each case the total of the subdivisions, to agree with the gross totals of actual receipts and expenditure, which are to be divided into yearly returns.' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Carr) said there was no objection what ever to give the information asked for. Carried. WELLINGTON AND THOMSON'3 FERRIES. Mr. LAURIE moved ' That a return be laid on the table of this Bouse, showiDK the number of passengers, vehi cles, and of great and small cattle that have crossed the River Murray at Wellington and Thomson's Ferries respectively, since the 1st day of July. 1869, until the 31st day of March, 1870, both days being inclusive.' He stated that he believed the ferry was very expensive, and that a little further down the river at Mason's, there was a crossing-place, which had been recommended both by Mr. Mais and Mr. Aehwin. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Carr) said the Government would give the information as soon as possible. Carried. COST OF THE POST WAKEFIELD RAIL WAY. Mr. BRIGHT moved— 'That a return be laid on the table of this House, showing length, and the amount paid for the Contract No. 4, for constructing the Port Wakefield Railway, and the cost of the rails and sleepers for the eame respectively; also, what quantity of rails now remains, after completing the line.' Be laid his reason was that he was informed the return would show that a tramway could be con structed cheaply in the colony. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Carr) laid the return upon the table, and it was ordered to be printed. THE ROAD TO THE MURRAY. Mr. LAURIE moved 'That a return be laid on the table of this House, showing the distance, in miles, between Adelaide and that place on the River Murray known as Mason'B via Mount Barker and Chaun cey's Line, and between Adelaide and Mason's via that place on the Murray known as Edwards's Crossing via Nairne and CalUngton, and between Nairne and Mason's via Mount Barker and Chaun cey's Line, and between CalUngton aud Mason's via Chauncey's Line, and also the distance between Calhngton and Mason's via Edwards's Crossing.'. Mr. PLAYFORD stated that the information was in the Blue-book for last year. Mr. TOWNSEND recommended that hon. mem bers previous to moving for documents should communicate with the Clerks, so as to prevent unnecessarily increasing the built of the Blue books. The COMMISSIONER o! PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Carr) said the return was very short, and had been prepared. He laid the return on the table, and it was ordered to be printed. SPECIAL TRAINS Mr. PEARCE moved— 'That a return be laid on the table of this House, showing— ']. How og«n, and for how many hours the pajmaBtei's special train is in use. ' 2. The total daily cost of the game. '3. The number of persons employed. '4. The number of pasiengen&f; any), travelling by it, and by whose authority.' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Carr) said the Government had no objec tion to the motion. Carried. CLARE AND WALLAROO RAILWAY. Mr. HUGHES drew the attention of the House to the report of the Select Committee on the Clare and Wallaroo Railway (Pape* No. IU of 1867), and moved— 'That an address be presented to His Excel lency the Governor, praying His Excellency to cause the necessary steps to be taken to carry out the recommendation of the Select Com mittee.' At that late hour he would not go at length into arguments in favour of this railway, but hoped the expression of opinion which he believed he should obtain horn the Government would be supported by the House. The report of the Select Committee was never acted upon, although it strongly recom mended a railway from Wallaroo to Clare. If a tiamway would be cheaper than a railway, he would be quite contented that that should be con structed instead. At the present moment the tramway in actual use at Wallaroo cost but £2,000 per mile; and from information from the Engi neer, who now wo a member of that House, he ascertained that the sleepers uied in its construc tion cost double what they could be procured for now. He understood that the line he proposed could be carried out under £2,000 per mile. The question was whether they- should connect their shipping ports with the interior at such a trifling cost. There was no hope of their being able to do it by means of roads, for in the lait Parliament there was a very strong expression against borrow ing money for constructing macadamized roads, and they knew that they could not now look (or any money from the Land Fund for that purpose. Therefore, if they did not borrow for railways or tramways, they must go without them altogether, ^ and without them a young colooy could not make anyprogresB. lhemembers of the Committee which eat m 1867 weie Messrs. Santo. Milne, dtrangways, Cavenapb, Colton, Duffield. and Bower, who con curred in recommending the line, and they might fee} satisfied that they had proved to their own *^ satisfaction that it was a desirable work. Wal laroo, the second port in the colony in the extent of its export, was languishing for want of this line, and if there were cargoes waiting far them the ships which now had to purchase ballast would take them on it abnoit ballast pricet. They ought to connect it with the agricultural district! in the North, especially as it would go into the imme diate vicinity of two agricultural areas. He trusted the feeling of the Government was with him. He was certain from the way the Treasurer had tx preised himself, he would use his best efforts to introduce the measure at once, for he told the public that 'if a member of the Government he would bring in a Bill, if a member of Parliament he would move an address to the Governor for it, or if member for the district moved for a Bill to be brought in he would support it.' Then, again, he taid thousands of tons of salt might be shipped at WaUaroo for the other colonies sufficient to make the line pay, and that he 'would advocate the Clare and Wallaroo Tramway before the Northern Railway. (The Treasurer— 'No.') He read from the WaUaroo Times March 23. (Laughter.) Surely he would not shrink from what he told the electors of Wallaroo. (Hear, bear.) He moved the motion. Mr. QUIN seconded. He thought it was only justice to Yorke's Peninsula that the line should be constructed; for although it had contributed upwards of £100,000 to the revenue of the colony, there were no macadamized roads within 59 or 60 miles of it, and there had only been £25,000 spent on it. He could bear out the statement of his colleage, that the Treasurer, when a candidate for the district, said he would use his best endeavours, if returned, to bring in a Bill to give eifect to the measure. If the railway was an accomplished fact, by its forming an outlet for the agricultural and dairy produce of the Clare District, it would cheapen the cost of living for the miners on the Peninsula 25 per cent.; for at the present the greater part of the produce they consumed came Eiom Port Adelaide. There had been a mill erected it Wallaroo, one was in course of erection at Kadina, and probably there would be one at Moonta shortly ; and to keep these going a large amount of wheat would be brought down the line. When they considered that the Peninsula had a population of 17,000 persons, and the advantage the mining interest had been to the colony the last three or four yeais, they should deal liberally with the district. He believed the Company now hold ing the tramway on the Peninsula had offered to construct the line on the guarantee sjBtem at some thing under £2,000 a mile, and he did not think the Government should offer any opposition to that. Ihe TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) said there *as r.o question that looking at the importance of the district there has been less spent on it than any other, and therefore it had claims for con sideration. But as the G ovemment had only been a week in office there had been no possible opportunity of bringing the matter before the L'abinet, seeing the important business which they had to consider, and therefore it would be unfair to expect him to Eay what their course would be. Thete was no question that certain pledges were given supposing he should be elected for the istrict. (Laughter.) It was the duty of a mem ber for the district to do certain things, but if he was not member for the district his views some what changed. (Oh, and Hear, hear.) But ho was not going to forego any pledges he made; but when the hon. member brought so prominently forward the pledges he gave at the elections, had he considered what pledges he made on a former occasion to the district he represented, and whether he had carried them out? (Hear, hear.) He should do what was right and proper He had supplied the members for the Port with the only argument which he used in favour of the railway, for he was the one to find out that salt could be taken fiom the lagoon to the extent of £0,1X0 tons. With regard to the line being constructed before the Northern line, it waa very possible that.if member for the district he should think so, but in another position he must consider the general view first— (Hear)— and he had no hesitation in saying that the Port Augusta line waa more important in a national point of view thant he other— (Hear)— and therefore should be first constructed, fie should certainly make a proposition to the Cabinet for carrying out this work, but as he had not had an opportunity of consulting his colleagues yet. he advised the hon. member to withdraw his motion. Mr. BRIGHT thought as there were not two miles of macadamized road between WaUaroo and Clare it was entitled to either a road or a railway, and that anything which would cheapen the neces saries of life for 17,000 persons deserved considera tion without delay. If the railway could be constructed to Clare or somewhere in that locality in a permanent way for £2,000 a mile, it would be better to give a guarantee than that the Govern ment should perform the work. He knew that his district was most anxious for communication be tweenlthe two points ; whether Wallaroo should be the shipping port was another matter. He thought it would be better, after the statement of the Treasurer, to withdraw the motion, and he assured the hon. member|Mr. Hughes if the Government did not bring in a measure to soend a huge amount in improving the roads in the district, or guarantee a Company who would construct the line, he would give him all the support he could in endeavouring to cany out this resolution. Mr. DUFFIELD thought the report of the Com mittee, recommending an extension of the'existmg system in a westerly direction, would hardly bear out the proposition of a line from Clara to Kadina. Mr. WARD thought there was a fair case for % cheap line of railway, and he hoped the Govern* ment would take the best means for carrying that out Mr. HAMILTON said, although he had con structed the Wallaroo and Kadina Tramway for £2, C00 per mile, that did not include land, fencing, buildings, or rolling-stock, and there were no bridges or culverts to make. It was also to be borne in mind that the sleepers were obtained at Is. 6d. a piece, and ballast was procured close by the line, so that £2,000 must not be taken as a general estimate. Mr. A. F. LINDSAY said it was only a question of time as regarded the constiuction of either a road or a railway. He was in favour of a railway, because if properly constructed and properly worked it would be cheaper than a macadamized road. He only hoped the mistake which had hitherto been made in the colony would not be made— that of providing a railway on the calcula tion of a large amount of traffic when there would only be a small amount. That was the ground on which h« opposed the Kapunda Railway yean ago. The hon. member for the Port had referred to tramways being cheaper than railways. He wished hon. members would discontinue the word tram way; it was stupid, for whether a railway was worked by hone or steam power it was a railway. Railways worked by steam-power had been constructed at considerable less cost than those worked by horse -power, and in America the horse railways had been disused Bimply on account of the cost. He was totally opposed to the guarantee system. He regretted that any portion of the lines on the Peninsula had been allowed to get into private hands, as they had taken up that part which was most likely to be profitable. Mr. COGLIN thought as very little had been expended in the district, and the Government could get a clear profit of £175 per mile on a rail way as opposed to amacdamized road, they should support its being carried out on the guarantee system. Mr., BEAN hoped after the nromise of the Treasurer the hor. mover would withdraw the motion. Mr. HUGHES, in reply, said in reference to the remarks of the hon. member Mr. Hamilton, he understood from him that when he laid down the line the sleepers cost Is. 6d.. The present engineers informed him that they could now be laid down as required at 9d., and therefore he thought the line could be constructed at less than £2,i C3 per mile, as the present one had been. They were about to commit the country to a very large expenditure for connecting Port Augusta with the mineral deposits 900 miles distant where there was at present very little population, while at W allaroo there was a population of 17.000. The Treasu.er had aright to demand the post ponement of the matter, as he had not yet con sulted his colleagues: the only thing he did not like was his doubtful manner as to whether he was tovod by the sentiments which Ae had enun ciated. As a pub'ic man, and as premier, he would tell him that he was bound to everything he stated to the public He would ask leave to with* draw the motion with the idea of bringing it forward later in the session. The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) never made any statement that he did not consider himself bound by what he had said. The motion was then withdrawn. STBATHALBYN AND VICTOR HARBOUR RAILWAY FARES. Mr. WABD, (or Mr. Wistzet, moved 'That the CDmmksioner of PuWic Works will cause the lessee of the Strathalbyn and Middleton and Goolwa and Victor Harbour Rail* ways (Mr. Macgeorge) to prepare ajjrinted list of passenger fares, and charges for goods and oareels tiaffic, in accordance with the terms of his con tract.' There was a clause, he believed, in the agreement requiring what was asked to be done, and the Commissioner was no doubt aware through to* deputation that considerable dissatisfaction existed. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Cur) was net sure there was any clause that would enable him to compel the lessee to give the information, but he could do it himself, and would publish the list which be had already prepared in next day's OaztUe, Motion withdrawn. CLAIM FOR COMPENSATION. Mr. COTTBELL moved— ' That the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of ooosidtrinc the motion—' That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying Hie Excellency to recommend this House to stake pro-riskm in the Estimates to an extent not sineetmg ST. for the purpose of compensating John Nixon, late constable in the police, for loee of «Oce.' ' The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) said from tie correspondence which had taken place it was clear that there was no claim. The fact was Mr. Nixon had been ill and away from work for a long time, and was reported unfit for nightwork, con sequently he was obliged to be dismissed. He had been in the service three yean and a quarter, and during a considerable portion of that time was absent through illness. The hon. member; would see that it would be impossible for the Government to pay compensation under such circumitances. It was not in the service of the Government that he was tendered unfit for duty. In Committee. Mr. COTTRELL asked that the Clerk of the House should read the petition presented last session. The Clzek of the HougB having read the petition, Mr. COTTRELL said he was sorry to hear the remarks of the Treasurer. Of course he only fpokefrom the information he received; but that information differed from the statement of the petitioner, which was that he had lost his health in the service of the country. He was a poor and deli cate man, and he had lost his wife since he had presented the petition. Under ordinary circum stances he would be entitled to one month's pay for every year that he had been in the force; pot the 10th clause of the Police Act excluded him from the benefit of the Reserve Fund, inasmuch aa he fc ad been discharged through ill health before the 29th November.. 186& the date fixed by the Act. It was his misfortune, and not his fault, that his retirement had been prior to that date; and as his ill-health waa due to the arduous nature of his employment some remuneration was cue to him. He was a very respectable can, and had been able to do next to nothing since his discharge. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. E. C. Baker) said the sympathies of hon. members were with Nixon, but the business of the House was to paw laws and carry out principles, and not to deal with cases of this sort If they passed this amount, it would be in contravention of the Act; and once establish a precedent of this kind, it was impos sible to see where they would stop. The Commis sioner of Police and others had reported against the claim, and it would be unsafe to recognise it. There were very many who could plead that but for certain things in the Act they would be entitled to remuneration, and it would not be right to give ground for their urging their claims. The Govern ment must oppose the motion. (Divide.) Mr. COGLIN considered this was one of the ewes in which the Government should grant relief. Tie man in walking about the streets looked more like a ghost than a human being, and he was sur prised at the remarks of the Attorney-General, who might have a good enough heart, but who evidently had not a heart that could feel for another. Mr. PEARCE voted for the motion on the grounds of equity and justice. Had the Act passed last session been retrospective the man would have been entitled to this money; and he believed that in other cases of this kind favourable decisions had to come to the House. Mr. STEWART agreed with the Attorney General that if they adopted a precedent by carrying a motion of this sort they would not be able to teli where to stop, (Hear, hear.) He did not see that Mr. Nixon had any claim upon the Government for a pension any more than a work man of his who was obliged by illness to leave his service bad upon him. Mr. KR1CHAUFF considered that the only two ccurse8 open to hon. members was to go with the Government or to appoint a Select Committee. (Ob.) It was too small a matter to adopt the latter plan, and therefore he should vote with the Government. Mr. WARD thought that Nixon had a fair claim unless the Government were able to contradict the statement in the third paragraph of his petition, that hia ill- health was due to the arduous nature of his duties in the public service. The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) could only speak from the reports of the officers of the de partment, and there was nothing said in them to confirm that allegation. There were several medical certificates, including one from Dr. Moore, who stated that Nixon was suffering from consumption, and wras quite unfit for night duty. He had not been discharged until a considerable time had elapsed, and it was not likely that the consumption had been brought on by any services performed on behalf of the Government It would be very inconvenient; and would lead to the bringing forward of many claims like this, if the motion was passed. The Government had no funds from wm'cb to pay the account on their own responsibility, and it waa a question whether the House should vote sums of this sort. The motion was declared negatived. Mr.COTTRET L called for adivition: Axrs, 8-Messia. Bean, Coglin, Hughes, A. F. Lindf ay. f earce, Qam, Ward, and CottreU (teller). Noi3, f— The Attorney-General, the Commis sioner of Crown 1 and*, the Commissioner of fublic Works, Messrs. Duffield. Kricnautr, Mildred, Plajford, Stewart, and the Treasurer (teller). Majority of 1 for the Noes, Heuse resumed, and the report was brought up. Boose adjourned at half-past 0 until next day at a qusiter to 2 o'clock. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday. Jcjje 8. The Bpiaub took the Chair at a quarter to 2 o'clock. __ ? „„, PETITION. Mr. QUDC presented a petition from.136 resident* lJ ?'»?«« ?'«* « auaroo ui uvour 01 iresn market legislation lor the protection of private enterprise. Becetred and read. ififi ^^Z'OttW attendTthe^SiS TH* QViRLAJJD TELEGRAPH TO PORT MU.UNDSAY iiwfuierew*;«^6biec.: tion to lay on the table all correspondence that had taken place in reference to telegraphic communica tion with Great Britain. The TBEASUBEB (Hon. J. Hart) laid on the table copy of a letter from Captain Osborn to the Chief Secretary, and copy of a telegram from the Agent-General to the Treasurer. Bead and ordered to be printed. REDUCTION OF MINISTERIAL SALARIES. Air. QU1N asked the Treasurer ' if it be the intention of the Government to bring in a Bill during the present session for the amendment of the Constitution Act, with the view of reducing the salaries of the Ministers of the Crown co the sum of i'500 each.' The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) replied aa follows:— 'It is the intention of the Government to bring in a Bill during the present session for the amendment of the Constitution Act, with the view of reducing the salaries of the Ministers of the Crown to the Bum of £500 each.' REARRANGEMENT OF LOCAL COURT*. Mr. STEWART asked the Attorney-General 'whether the Government intend rearranging the Local Courts of the colony.1' Several of the Local Courts had been closed, to the disadvantage of a great many, and that was the reason, why he asked the question. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. B. C. Baker) aaid it waa the intention of the Govern ment to rearrange the Local Courts of the colony. NEW ELECTORAL BILL. . L Mr. HUGHES asked the Treasurer ' if he will submit to the House a measure providing for the subdivision of the Electoral District* of Fort Adelaide and Victoria.' The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) replied :- 'The Government propose to submit a Bill to the House to amend the Electoral Act for this and other purposes.' PORT WAKEFIELD TRAMWAY LEASE. Mr. PLAYFORD asked the Commissioner of Public Works— '1. The date when the leisee of the Port Wakefield Tramway signed the lease. 2\. The date of his taking possession of tbe tramway. 3. The names of his sureties.' A report was about that the lease had not been signed, and that no sureties had been appointed. The COMMISSIONS of PUBLIC W0RK8 (Hon J. Carr) replied as follows :-' If the question iefers to tbe present lessee (Mr. FergussonX the answer is— 1. June 7. 1&70\. 2. Immediate steps have been taken to put the lessee in possession. 3\. Mr. Joseph Darwent. -If the question refers to the late lesⅇ (Mr. Badccck), the answer is-L January 4. 1870. 2. January 4, 1870. 3. There are no sureties, but Mr. Badcock gave an undertaking to obtain two approved sureties.' RAILWAY RETURNS. Mr. BRIGHT, having obtained leave to amend the form of his motion, moved— 'That a return be laid on tbe table of this House, showing the goods traffic on the Pott and Northern Railways for the four last quarters of the contract with Mr. Rounsevell, also for the quarters subsequent thereto; the return to be m the an nexed form: [Form appended, with columns for the number of tens gcods carried during each quarter, the gross amount of revenue, and the net amount, deducting agency, during BounsevelPs contract; also the number of tons goods carried and the net amount received under the present Bystem of management.] The return to state the amount of goods carried for the use of the above railways, whether for maintenance or otherwise, and whether the same has been credited to the railway account: ma also what additional number ot clerks nave teen appointed under the present tiyatem, and the ircount of salaries paid to each.' Je was exceedingly anxious that a plain, straight oiward account of the working of the goods traffic -n the railways should be placed on the table— the nore so because the late Commissioner of Public »Voik9 and the late Treasurer had stated that inder the present system a more favourable return »a8 given than under the previous system. He ivas also desirous that hon. members should ie in a position to judge for themselves of he advantage or otherwise of carrying -n the present course of management. He relieved the expense of Bhunting, which formed one tern in Mr. Kounsevell's contract, was not taken into account in the returns of outlay under the present system. The more complete and reliable :he information obtained in reply to his motion ;he better position would the House be to consider he whole subject of the railway management. He believed it was the desire and wish of the House ;o make the railways reproductive, and at the same time of general benefit to the community. [f it waa a fact that at present they did not pay anything like their working expenses it was time that some new system should be devised. (Hear.) The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Caw) said there was not the slightest objection to givirjg the information, and making it as reliable as possible. The Government were anxious that the whole of the facts should be before the' House, and he should have preferred for the hon. mover to have reserved his comments until they were placed on the table. (Hear, hear.) He hoped hon. members would entirely suspend their judgment until the returns were laid before them. (Hear, hear.) He had an impression that the opinion of the House would not be exactly the same as that which the hon. member had fore shadowed. Mr. WARD suggested that the motion should make provision to secure a return of revenue paid by other departments to the Railway Department. ('It is in the motion.') Mr. BRIGHT did not wish to add anything to the return, but the hou. member might move for further information if he was not satisfied, (dear, hear.) He trusted the return would be satisfac tory, but he feared that it would not justify the anticipation of the Ccmmissioner. Carried. COUNTRY LOCAL COURTS. Mr. TOWNSEND moved— ' That it is desirable that the Local Courts of Vfocdside and Mount Pleasant be reopened forth with.' ..'?'? He hoped members would not interfere with his motion by adding the names of other Courts to it, as they should be considered on their individual merits. The question had been discussed last session, when 11 voted for the motion and 13 against it. With regard to the Woodside Court he felt strongly. He maintained ithat the House had no right to interfere between the Government and the people. THE APPROPRIATION BILL A message from the Legislative Council announced that His Excellency the Governor de sired the attendance of hon. members in that Chamber. On their return, the SPEAKER reported that His Excellency had been pleased to give his assent to an Act for the further appropriation of the revenue forjthe years IS6S-9-70. COUNTRY LOCAL COURTS.-RE3UMED DEBATE. Mr. TOWNSEND said in matters of this kind that were I purely executive he held that the proper course was for the people to go to the Government. In accordance with that view a de putation waited on the Government of the day in reference to the dosing of these Courts, and that having failed, a memorial was forw&rded.; The answer was that if it could be shown that if the costs were small the Courts might be opened. He understood that tbe closing of the Woodside Court had caused great inconvenience. MESSAGES.-THE TWEED BONU3 AND THE TELEGRAPH TO PORT DARWIN. The SPEAKER reported the receipt of the fol lowing messages from His Excellency the Go vernor:— No. 4. Replying to Address No. 1, and informing the Heuie that provision would be made in the Estimates for the year 1S71, to an extent not ex ceeding £2,000, as a bonus for the first 10,000 yards of woollen tweed manufactured in the province. No. 5. Replying to Address No. 3, and recom mending the House to make provision by Bill foi the repayment with interest of a sum not exceeding £120,000, to be raised by loan, for defraying the cost of constructing a line of telegraph from Port Auftutta to Port Darwin, to connect this province with the line from Europe in course of erection by the British- Australian Telegraph Company. The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) moved that he have leave to prepare and bring in a Bill oa the subject of the telegraph to Port Darwin. The SPEAKER said the initiation of a Bill must be by motion, and the enly plan would be for the hon. member to suspend the Standing Orders. The TREASURER (Bon. J. Hart) moved the suspension of tbe Standing Orders, to enable him to move for leave to introduce a BilL The motion was declared to be earned. Mr. WARD called for a division, which resulted as follows :— Am 25-The Attorney-General, the Commit sicner of Crown Lards, the Commissioner of Public Works, Mcssre. Beau, Bright. Cavtnagh. Cogtin, Darling, .Glyde, Hay, HughS Krichauft Laurie. A. ¥. LindsAT. MiMrfd. Mumr IVinw Qnin *anW« Herat SUtagnftTbraiaid, Wat* atd Wentzell, and theTreasurer (teller). Nota 2—Menn. Duffield and Ward (teller). Majority of S3 for tiie Ayes. The TREASURER (Hon. JiHart) moved that he have leave to introduce a BilTin accordance with tbe Governor a message. The flon. H. KT. STRAKGWAYS enquired whether the Government proposed to chanze a portion of the cost to the Northern Territorr* A mat put of the lme would tnvel through the Territory, snd eventually that track of country would be separated from this colony. If similar provisions to those that were inserted in the Northern Temtory Loan Act wen adopted, them would be no difficulty m smoging the ratter when the separatiMk tookplace. The TBKA8T7BEB (Bon. J. Hart) aaid the question had beea considered by the Gomrvnent, but they hat not had time asytt to deckle apon the details.' He. woujd, howevtt rpoiot' oat. tint the coat could afterwards be nude a charge to the Northern Territory. Mr. DUFFIELD should take every opportunity that the forma of the House would allow of op posing the motion before the House. He was satisfied that the day was not far distant when he should feel proud for the stand he now took, and the country would wish that the House had gone with him. He did not see why they should rush to the measure in this way, simply because if they passed terms that were satisfactory to the Englkh people they would construct the line. Before they had time properly to look into the matter they were asked to commit themselves to an expenditure, the extent of which no mortal could estimate intelligently, as the country was quite unknown. He knew that it was thought by many persons that they would be doing a great thing if they ainsed the Victorians to get their telegrams through this colony; but he could inform the Bouse that Victoria looked very com placently on the matter, knowing that they could keep their money in their pockets, because they were going to be provided with one line by Queens land, and now another by South Australia. He knew it would require more eloquence than he posiesaed to divert them from their intention, but the day would come when they would wish that they had voted with him. The ATTOBNEY-GENERAL(Hon. R.C. Baker) remarked that two resolutions were passed yester day—one that the line to Port Darwin should be immediately constructed, and a Bill brought in to carry that out ; and the other, that the cooperation of the other colonies should be solicited. He felt sure that if they got the assistance of the other colonies the line would be remunerative. There fore the question of making the cost a charge to the Northern Territory was placed in a different aspect to what it would have been if the second resolution had not been carried. Beth branches of the Legislature would have to pass the Bill, and before that was done very likely an answer would have teen received from the other colonies. (Oh.) They had already received several telegrams from the other colonies en the subject. They had that morning received a telegram, in which it was stated that the delegates appointed would have full authority to act in this matter. (A laugh.) There waa therefore a proba bility that the neighbouring colonies would join them, and the objections raised by the two last speakers were, to a great extent, met. Mr. WARD must protest against the course which waa being taken to involve the colony in such an expenditure as the proposed telegraph would cost, for all the advantages of telegraphic communication with the mother-country could be obtained without the expense of a single farthing on their part; and with the exception of a few commercial men tbe public were just as well satis fied in having the telegraphic intelligence by way of Queensland as they would by way of Port Augusta. The proposed scheme would pledge them to an almost ruinous expense at a time when theie was a general demand for retrenchment, and it must be recollected that the expenditure would not be limited to £120,000. Then, as to tbe cost of maintenance, it was absurd to suppose that the line would pay with the few messages that would be sent at 10s. each, when the telegraph between here and Melbourne at 6s. per message did not pay working .expenses and interest of money. It was therefore simple absurdity to expect any revenue would be derived; they would rather have to make up a large annual Bum for maintenance. It would be a shame to South Aus tralia to permit such a thing, and he should avail himself of every form of the House to oppose the project. Mr. GLYDE wished to know if the Government intended rushing the Bill through that day. (No.) Did they expect to pass it through all its stages in both Houses by Friday? He should not object to the introduction of the Bill, although it was pro bable he should vote against the second reading. If there was any idea of passing the Bill that week be should do all he could to throw it out The TBEASUBEB (Hon. J. Hart) said a notice of motion had been given that it was desirable the colony should be represented at the approaching Conference in Melbourne, and a deputation from the Chamber of Commerce in tended waiting upon him the next morning on the subject, lhe liovernment desired the House to agree to the proposal, and tbe other House would be asked to agree to it also, lie did not think it would be necessary to adjourn the House but for that purpose. This particular Bill and the Land Bill could be easily prepared without having the whole Ministry here; one member, therefore, could be spared to go to the Conference, whilst the other could go on with the Bill. Last night the Government had to elect whether they would undertake this telegraph to Port Darwin or not. (Hear.) Having agreed to undertake it, they wished to do so with great faith. (Sear, hear.) They desired to bring forward a iJLJ, and they would endeavour to ge» it passed, so as to cany out the intentions of the House. (Hear.) He must ) cenfess he would rather have seen more time - taken. (Hear, hear.) It would have been better to have had more time to consider the matter; but time pressed with regard to the acceptance or rejection of the English Company's proposal. Be would endeavour to get all the infor mation he could 'on the subject before the second reading of the Bill came on ; and besides that, they would endeavour to ascertain the lia bility that they would be under if they did not finish the work by the time stated. (Hear, hear.) Steps would be taken to ascertain whether Com mander Osborn would bind the Company if they bound the colony to any negotiation— (Hear)— in fact, the Government would see that everything was clear and fair, and would submit it to the House before they committed themselves. They had not lost a single minute in trying to get infor mation, and they would lay it before hon. mem bers, so that it would be the fault of the House if the Bill were not carried. The Government felt that they would not be justified in accepting the conditions unless the iSill was passed by both branches of the Legislature. They would use their utmost endeavours to get the Bill passed, but they would not undertake the work until it wa3 carried. (Hear.) Mr. GLYDE understood from that that the ' Government had given up the idea of adjourning on Friday. (Order.) . . The motion was put and carried. COUNTRY LOCAL COURTS.-RESUMED DEBATE. Mr. TOWNSEND claimed the sympathy of the House after the interruptions to which he had been subjected. (A laugh.) He would state that the only answer received from the Government in re ference to the closing of the Woodside Court waa that tbe Mount Barker Court was only 12 miles distant, and suitors could go there; but he would infoim the House that it was easier to travel over 20 miles of metalled road than six of bad unmade road. Be believed Mount Pleasant had even stionger claims for the opening of its Court than woodude, and as the expense of opening the two would only be about £80, he would put it to hon. members whether two large agricultural districts should be deprived of such a reasonable want as they now asked for. He did not think all the Magistrates were sufficiently worked, and by a little rearrangement justice could be dispensed at the Courts mentioned in the motion without creating any fresh Magistrates. He asked the House to deal with the question on its merits and assent to tbe motion. Mr. WARD seconded. The Hon. H. B. T. STRANGWAYS asked whether the motion ought not to be considered in Committee, as it proposed to deal with an expen diture of public money. The SPEAKER agreed, and the House was moved into Committee. Mr. COGLIN proposed an amendment that befoie the word 'forthwith' the following be inserted, ' and all other Courts of the colony.' (Latghter.) TteHon. H. B. T. STRANGWAYS aaid that would involve the reopening of the Angaston and Hindmarsh Courts ; also the Magill Court, where a member of the other House dispensed gratuitous justice to those that liked to accept it. (Laughter.) Then there was the Freeling Court— about a dozen j in fact, would have to be reopened. He thought something of a cue could be made out for Mount Pleafant and Angaston -(Hear) -but if they consulted the public convenience in preference to publicans,' convenience they would close the 1 Gumeracha Court, and not the Mount Pleasant j Court. (Mr. Ward-'Na') With regard to the Woodside Court, it was no great distance from Mount Barker if the hon. member waa prepared to travel at a fair moderate pace. (A laugh.) If be wanted to travel double the pace a horse ought to go, and Use road was a bed one, he would of course run the nak of deriving the colony of one of its most respected members. (Laughter.) The question of Local Courts was thrust upon the Government by the action of the Legislature, who said they would not retain so ocany Magis trates, he believed they were right. It had been tbe fashion to create magisteiial appoint ?Kits .and give .them to persons who had tried mucx unoinuia raucu. u ue uovemaient wouia look through the lot of names of those who had sought for positions as Stipendiary Magistrates, they would be surprised at some of the applicant. He would ask the House to look at the motion, especially with the amendment, as just the be ginning of the end. If they commenced Courts where the necessities of the public did not require them, they would go back to tbe same lavish ex penditure which the House curtailed 18 months aao. Be would remind tbe House that sines the Minor Offeccea BUI had been passed all the criteical jurisdiction of the Courts was done away with, so that the business was con siderably lessened. The chief use of the Courts now was to wecm small debts, and he did not think tbe public wen called upon to eatabtiah them [u«t for the benefit of a stonfcwpen ia order that be slight be enabled to ast in bis accounts. Mount Pleasant would doobtiess rvqflire % Court, on ?warn* of the tesjoess liUly to arise fran the mggfoiA but m that caas the one at Gameracfca «wnt to be closed ; and if the Court were (ttpeoed it Anpaston there was another in that locality that raghttobeshntup. The ATTOKNEi -GENERAL (Hon. B. C. Baker) aid he had not changed the views he held on this ubject and his colleagues concurred in the -Ian which he should lay before the House. He glieved the present expenditure on Local Courts, i mounting as it did to £10.641, was as much as he colony could afford. He thought, however, hat several of the Courts might be reinstated rithout adding one farthing more to the expenses ilready incurred. He did not think it was neces lary to have resident clerks in each district, and t would be easy to issue summonses from one ?ourt and have the cases tried in others. Fhe proceedings connected with the Circuit Court at Mount Gambier were taken out in the supreme Court, and the cases were tried down ;here, and a plan similar to this might be adopted with [respect to the Local Court*; for in stance, a summons could be taken out at Tanunda, indithe case might be heard at Angaston. The Government could not agree with the motion as amended. There were some Courts that might be reopened, and he believed the two named in the motion had good claims in this respect. (Hear.) Ihe Government would, however, ask the hon. member to withdraw his motion. They could not cany his desire out 'forthwith.' They intended to bring the whole matter of Local Courts before the House, and the hon. member's arguments would not be overlooked, The Courts of Mount Pleasant, Woodside, and Angaston lay at the outskirts of civilization— (laughter)— that was so fat as Local Courts were concerned, and settlement was every day extending beyond them. They therefore had good claims to ask to be reopened: but these and others would be con sidered in the comprehensive scheme that the Government would introduce. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HUG HIS rose to more bis contingent notice of motion— that the Courts of Kadina and Moonta be added to the resolution. Yorke's Peninsula had a population of 17.000 souls, and the closing of these Courts had caused great inconvenience. The Central Court should nave been kept open in preference to the one at the seaboard. When the Court was open at Kadina the inhabitants of Green's Plains had a distance of 15 miles to go, and now they were compelled to journey on to Wallaroo, some six miles further. As to whether the Courts were remunerative, he would point out that in 1867 the fees realized the sum of £1,100. He regarded the claims of Kadina as being greater than of any other Court, and he trusted the Government would consider them. The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) felt that it was a hardship that the Court at Kadina had been closed, but he would remind the last hon. member that the Court at Moonta had never been shut up. (A laugh.) With the facilities that existed on the Peninsula for travelling he thought one Clerk might do tbe work of all three Courts, and thus the expenses would be very small. He should, in the interests of the shipping at Port Wallaroo, object to the closing of the Court there ; but as the Government proposed to revise the present Courts he need say nothing more on the subject. Mr. BRIGHT was pleased to hear the remarks of the Attorney- General, and as he seemed to think he could reinstate several Courts without any additional expense he would remind the hon. me mber that the Stockport Court stood at a greater disadvantage than any other Court so far as dis tance was concerned. He hoped, therefore, that the claims of that Court would be considered by the Attorney-General Mr. PLAYFORD urged the hon. member for the Sturt to withdraw his motion after the state ment that the Attorney-General had made. With respect to the Woodside Court, he would remind the House that it would be a pity to close it after they had built such an expensive house, Mr. WARD said Mount Pleasant was the centre of five districts, and ought to have a Court. He did not agree with the suggestion that the Gumeracha Court should be closed, because it was the centre of a very large district, and much needed now that the Teatree Gully Court was shut up. He thought it would be much better to arrange for the Magistrate and Clerk to visit districts once a month rather than that the suitors should be compelled io unaenaxe me journeys. Mr. DUFFIELD hoped the member would withdraw the notion. He hoped, however, the Government would consider the'claims of Angaston, as they were tenfold stronger than those that were advanced in favour of Mount Pleasant (A laugh. ) He referred to the hard action which thelate Govern ment had taken in removing some of tbe Magis trates, and putting them to an expense which in* volved as much as a year's salary in one instance. He thought the Government should remunerate them, and if the finances could bear it he should move that compensation be granted them. Mr. HAY intended to support the motion, and thought it was wrong of members to try and kill it by adding a number of trumpery cases. He hoped that the Government, when they revised the Courts, would take care and open the one at Mount Pleasent. Mr. GLYDE hoped the hon. member would withdraw the motion, or he should oppose it. He did not think it was right for members to propose motions like this, which should be referred to the Executive. After the assurance of the Attorney General that he would introduce a comprehensive scheme dealing with the whole subject, he thought the motion might be withdrawn. He might say he could propose Salisbury and advance arguments tenfold stronger than those that had been advanced in favour of other Courts. (A laugh.) He merely spoke thus to show the reductio ad absurdum to which the proposals of hon. members might be carried. Mr. PEARCE also wished the hon. member would withdraw the motion. He could say some thing in favour of If reeling and Stockport, but he thought it was better that they, with other dis tricts, should be considered in the comprehensive scheme that the Attorney- General would intro duce. Mr. OOGLIN was glad to hear the Btraightfor ward statement of the Attorney-General, and he would ask leave to withdraw his amendment. Mr. CAVENAGH fully agreed with the hon. member Mr. Glyde that they should not interfere with the functions of the Executive; and, as regarded the Court at Salisbury, he hoped it would receive tbe consideration it deserved. Mr. TOWNSEND had distinctly stated that they first of all appealed to the Executive, and that having failed their only recourse was to appeal to the House. He agreed with the remarks of the hon. member Mr. Duffield as to the injustice which had been done to several Magistrates by removing them from one district to another. As the Government had assented to the principle of his motion, and as they intended to introduce a comprehensive measure dealing with the whole question, he would ask leave to withdraw his motion. Motion withdrawn. MARRIAGE OF DECEASED WIFE'S SISTER BILL. Mr. HAY rose to move— 'That he have leave to introduce a Bill for an Act to legalize the marriage of a man with the sister of his deceased wife?7 The Hon. H. B. T. STRANGWAYS rose to order. This motion was to introduce a Bill similar to one pasted last session, which, they wen in formed, had been reserved for the signification of Her Majesty. ('No. no.' 'It was not pre sented.') In that case the point did not arise. (Hear and a laugh.) Mr. HAY should not have submitted this motion bad the Bill been in tbe position indicated. This was a subject that had been repeatedly discussed, last session a Bill was introduced in precisely the Eame form as this, and was passed through the House slmo8t without discussion. It went to the other branch of the Legislature, and got as far as the third reading; but was not placed before His Excellency. A similar measure had been read a second time in tbe House of Commons, and the change of opinion in that Chamber and in the House of Lords upon the subject had been so great that it was likely to become law in Great Britain during the present session. It would be of advantage to nave this Bill passed and sent home by the outgoing mail, as it would strengthen tbe hands of those who were in favour of such a measure in England. Carried. Ihc Bill was laid on the table and read a first time. Mr. HAY moved his contingent notice— 'That the Standing Orders be suspended to enable the BUI to pass through all itssUm.' The Hon. B. B.T^STBA^GWAY8lemarked that hon. members should have the BUI before them. If it was in the usual stock form it con tained a provision which ought to be altered. Ik not only legalized all marriages heretofore cele brateoV-tbat he bad no objection to so far as the legislation was concerned, but there should be a clause providing that in the case of people who bad mneiited property through marrying a de ceased wife's sister— the children, not being legiti mate, should not be deprived of the inheritance through the legitimatizing of those children by the WL He believed there were one or two cases in which the rights of parties would be interfered with unleststtch a proviso was inserted. Tbe ATTOKNKi- GkNKBAL(Hon, B. a Baker) understood the hon. member to refer to cases in which a person who had married bis rtamasofl wife's jisier bed afterwards married somebody else and bad children by her. (No.) Then he did not know what the point was. (Hear, bear.) 1 be iLotiOB was carried. . Mr. HA ¥ mored that the Ml be read a ssoood tune It was apterisecopyof the Bill that had been psiaed four or five time* before, and he htmtd no alteration would be made in its forsa. tha object was to kfitimatuenarriatefl that had taken place, and raider lawful simBsr maniasas in future. As to cases of hardship tbst migntarisi. that waa a rubjett for sfteMos«islsss4tonMEbaid ggt think that L^T^y^SjSjgflpSr«g paeon loth in kflaod aadm the coEoy who had married the sister of their deceased wife. The law was in existence in America and in most of the countries of Europe, and he thought Great Britain and her colonies were behind the age in Dot adopting it. Mr. BRIGHT opposed the second reading, and it was nothing but the strong feeling he enter tained in opposition to the Bill that induced him to do so, seeing that the measure was a popular one. But although it might be Bipular, it did not follow that it was right, e should not trouble the House with any lengthened remarks, but he felt very strongly that it was contrary to every right principle that a man should be empowered to marry the aister of his deceased wife. The measure had been de fended on scriptural grounds and on grounds of expediency. With regard to the latter he believed that the reverie was the case, for an unmarried woman could not feel the freedom in coming to the house to look after her deceased sister's chil dren that she now felt if this law was passed. He did not find that the measure was loudly called for by the females, although they were equally inte rested with the males. If permission was given to marry a deceased wife's sister, why should not a woman be authorized to marry her deceased hus band's brother ? (Hear, hear.) The House should consider that in passing the Bill they would da violence to the opinions of a large number of tbe inhabitants of the province. Tbe clergy of the Established Church were as a rule entirely opposed to it, and so -also were the Roman Catholics. So much so that not one of their clergy would celebrate a marriage of the kind if the Act was passed. (Hear, hear.) If they carried this out the next thing would be to have a Bill submitted Imposing a penalty upon ministers who refused to perform the ceremony of marriage between a man and the sister of his deceased wife. (No.) The feeling in favour of this measure had grown, and why might not the feeling in favour of such a course grow also ? The Act would not be of the benefit that some thought, but would be a step towards breaking down the prohibitions recognised by the ecclesiastical law, and in the direction of incest. They had already seen cases hi the colony of persons marrying their nieces, and the next thing would be to have all restrictions broken down. He had long considered the subject and believed the advantages of the Bill would be nothing as compared with its disadvantages. He moved that it be read a second time that day six months. Mr. GLEESON seconded, and should not trouble the House with many remarks after the able speech they had just listened to. He believed passing the measure would be a step towards sapping the foundation of family happiness and destroying the sanctity of family ties. It was a decided disadvantage where unmarried sisters lived with married sisters for the husband to be able to look forward to the possibility of his mar riage with the former. This was not his own idea, but had been brought forward by one of the ablest members of the House of Commons. He was satisfied that to grant the permission the Bill did would have the effect of upsetting family friend ships and domestic felicity, and would pave the way for a proposition that a man should be allowed to marry his own sister. (Laughter and No.) A measuie of this kind was simply absurd, and he was sure the Queen would never give her assent to it. He believed there waa a large ma jority of members pledged to carry the measure through, and therefore it was not worth while his occupying moi e time. He contented himself with protesting as »n individual member against the measure. The TREASURER (Hon. J. Hart) supported the Bill and remarked that the number of those who held the opinions given expression to by the hon. member Mr. Bright was rapidly decreasing. He believed that as large a proportion of the laity of the Church of England would be glad to see this Bill passed as of any other denomination. The clergy might take a different view, but bo far as his experience went he should not altogether like to endorse the views entertained by the clergy of any particular denomination, (Hear, hear.) In matters of this sort the laity were as able to form an opinion as the clergy. He considered that the \fUBeUiH VI W11B Will VfUUlU litUU W UibTCUU Hill/ occurrence of familiarities which often led to :rime. He did not think it all likely that measures irould be introduced to allow a man to marry his grandmother, or otherwise to interfere with the prohibited degrees. The Bill was not intended to get nd of social evils, but for quite another purpose, and he believed it was not unlikely that it would receive Her Majesty's assent. Mr. J. LINDSAY intended to support the Bill, ind remarked that it would check an evil now current, which was that a widower being denied the right to marry his deceased wife's sister was in the habit of living in concubinage with her. It was a crying evil that this Bhould be the case. It was possible that this Bill would not be allowed, but the subject had been brought forward time after time in the British Legislature, and in every case the majority against it had diminished. He looked forward to the period when the principle now sought to be adopted would become the law of England, and the HouBe should strengthen the bands of those who supported it by passing this Bill. Mr. A. F. L1ND3AY Bhould support the amendment The arguments that the hon. member Mr. Bright had brought forward might be multiplied. Marriage between persons with certain affinities was prohibited by ecclesiastical law, and if in this case an alteration was made on physio logical or other grounds, other relationships should be changed. This he considered was not de Birable. Mr. COGLIN had been brought up a Roman Catholic; but he could not see any great reason for opposition to the Bill. A man's wife's sister was no more related to him that hi3 deceased wife was before he married her. (Laughter.) He did not think it would cause any degeneracy in the human race- (laughter)— to allow a matrimonial alliance to be formed between a man and his de ceased wife's sister. (Hear, hear.) Having had the opinions of the most talented man in the legal profession that there was notlung wrong ia it, and having read the reports of debates upon the subject in tbe European Mail, which he took in regularly, and from which he gleaned much information— (laughter)— he should support the bill. He had not joined any organization for carrying it out; but he saw nothing wrong in it If hw wife was to die to-morrow, he would marry her sister just as soon or in preference to any other woman. (Loud laughter.) Ihe amendment that the word 'now' b« struck out was put, and it was declared that the Ayes had it Mr. BRIGHT called for a division :- Airs, 2&-The Attorney-General, the Treasurer, the Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. Bean Cheiiton. Cogjin, Darling, Duitield, Glyde. Hamil, ton, Hughes, Laurie, J. Lindsay, Mann, Mildred Murray. Pearce, Playford, Quin, Stewart. Strang, ways, Townsend, Ward, Watts, and Hay (teller). Nok, 6-Messrs. Cavenagh, Gleeson, A. F. Lindsay. Ramsay, Wentzel, and Bright (teller). Majority of 19 for the Ayes. The Bill was then read a second time. In Committee. Clause L The Hon. H, B. T. STRANGWAYS moved that the following amendment be placed at the end of this clause:— 'Nor shall the passing of this Act deprive or be held to have deprived shy person of any property which such person may have lawfully inherited prior to the coming into operation of this Act, or affect any lit pendens.' ihe object of this was to prevent anything like ex port facto legislation in regard to the possession ot property. Mr. HAY trusted that the hon member would not press his amendment It would only lead to complication, and there was no practical necessity for it. He hoped the Bill would be agreed to without alteration. Mr. MANN supported the amendment It was not merely a matter of form, for it was highly im portant not to interfere with vested rights by means of retrospective legislation. It would be an iniquitous thing by such means to deprive persons of tbe property they bad inherited. Mr. PLAYFORD thought there could be at all events no harm in passing the amendment, and it would have the recommendation of removing doubts as to the rights of those who had acquired property under the former state of tbe law. The ATTORNEY -GENERAL (Hon. R. C. Baker) also agreed that the proviso was impor tant It was only further carrying out the sound principle recognised in the proviso, which now formed part ofthe clause. The Ron. H. B. T. BTBANGWAYS was indif ferent whether a Bill of this kind was passed or not : but if it was to be very clear and explicit Ihe Uurd line of the clause should be altered, as it migbt appear from it that a man could only marry the sister of his deceased wife after she was dead. (A laugh.) Mr. BAT should much prefer the clause to remain in its present form. the amendment was carried, and tbe clause passed as amended. Preamble and title passed. Bouse neoned, and the report vai agreed to. Tbe Bill was then read a third time and passed. _ JH? WA8TE LANDS MB0LUTI0S9. Ihe COMMISSION** of CKOWN LADD3 (Hon. A. Blyth) proposed that these should stand later on the Paper, but at the request of several ton. menbers he at once moved that they be made an Order for next day. Carried. TUB POBT AUGUSTA NOBTHWABD RAILWAY. Mr. CHEBITON mored ' That in the opinion of this House, before any Act is introduced to maranteea rate of interest for the coastroetioa of a fine of nil or tramway from Port Augusta northwards, steps should be taken to call for tenders for the ctinssiiMlimi of the saaae, either on (uarantee of interest or by gnota of laDdisaayaeot' He ssveed m the stslnwnts saade as to tbe desiimbUiti pf baring this *W eoMtfoeted. he* licviof that it would be tbe saeaaa ot finding aarket for much of their cereals and for the em loyment of labour; but he considered it would bs rell for tenders to be called for. in 1867 a Bill ras passed in favour of guaranteeing a certain rate ipon a certain sum per mile : but those terms had lot been acquiesced in, and he believed the best ouree was to ascertain from capitalists what they fere prepared to do the work for. It would save ime, which was a great object in regard to the mdertaking, and it would be the most business ike way of settling the question— the way, n fact which any of them would adopt n regard to a work they desired to have carried »ut. He believed, with very few exceptions, tha □embers had when before their constituents ex iresseii themselves favourable to this railway, ind he presumed the Government could give such nformation as would form the baais for the eiiders. Mr. GLEESON considered the motion un lecessary, and asked the hon. member to with Iraw it. He believed there was a majority ia avour cf the railway, and the first step was to pass l BUI fixing a maximum rate of guarantee, say 6 -er cent., and a maximum construction rate, say C4.0C0 a mile, the gauge, weight of rails, and so -n. After that tenders might be invited, and a ^mpany might be found willing to undertake thu vork somewhat below the maximum fixed. Mr. HAMILTON opposed ths motion, and loped it would be withdrawn. As there had been 10 surveys taken, and there were n« specifications n existence, it would be impossible (or Companies o tender unless they had representatives to go -ver the proposed course of the railway and nuka sstimates for them. If the lion, mover had not laid that he was in favour of the Hue, and wished 0 save time, he should have formed just tha ?evei6e opinion from the action be had taken, rhe adoption of his proposal wouM only cause a 12 months' delay. The scheme shadowed forth -y the last speaker was that which would probably jommend itself to hon. members. Mr. WATTS opposed the motion. If it waa jairied it would render surveys necessary— (No) -and would prevent the introduction of a Bill under which the railway could be carried out. It was well known the Act 01 1867 had not been acted upon bocause its terms were not sufficiently liberal. There had wen the agent of an English Company here, who was prepared to give all necessary securities for the carrying out of the work at a guarantee of 6 per cent, upon a maximum of £1 000 per mile for 30 rears. It was well known that £5,000 was the lowest rate per mile at which u railway had been constructed in the colony— (No)-that was the line between Rose worthy and Tarlee. The agent of the English Company had left a power of attorney authorizing the contract to be entered into when more liberal terms were ottered. If the motion was carried, it would prevent the passing of a Bill to carry out what was universally acknowledged t-* be an undertaking of the greatest importance. The TR£ASURUR (Hon. J. Hart) asked the hon. mover to withdraw the motion. The Govern ment were to a certain extent pledged in this matter, and their desire was to bring in a Bill under which the railway could be constructed iu the shortest possible time and in the cheapest possible manner. As to the particular mode of accomplishing this object, opinions might differ, but that was what tbe Government would have iu view. Mr. DUFFIELD should not object to the with' drawal of the motion, but must vote for it if It waa Sassed, It appeared to him that the hon. member Ir. Watts had spoken in favour of the proposition. He bad shown that there was already ouc tender to do the work at £4,000 a mile on a 6 per cent, guarantee, and there might be other English Companies ready to do the work for less. He believed that such was the fact, and the statement of that offer was already a full answer to the suggestiocs of the hou. member Mr. Hamilton that a survey must be made before capitalists would be in a position to tender. They had been told not very lorjg ago that an offer had been sent in to do the work in teims of the present Act, and that JE5.00C had been denosited-tMear, hear, and No)— and yet itwasBaid the termswere not liberal enough. He believed that the refusal to K»ac uy VUS KUIl UU V11C ICUUS BUIIUU Was UUO iU the representations of persons in the colony that if the intending tenderers stood out they would get more. (Hear, hear.) There might be some of these persons hearing him, but if not there were some outBide who would be able to read his state ment. He had not been able to discover that the person who offered to undertake this work on a construction rate of £.4000 per mile and a goa« rantee of 6 per cent had given a bond to carry the line out to its completion, and the want of that had somewhat prevented an amendment of the Act. He was satisfied, in the present state of the English money market, that people might be found willing to enter upon this work on more favourable teimB than were now placed before ths Government. Mr. WATTS wished to explain, with reference to the rurvey of the line,! that Mr. Wallace, the representative of the English Company, had actually surveyed the line, and had made his Offer from personal observation. The SPEAKER said the hon, member was out of order. (Heir, hear.) Mr. A F. LINDSAY suggested that the reso lution should be withdrawn, and the matter left for the present in the hands of the Government. The Act on the Statute- book he had carefully referred to, and he thought if the parties who put up the matter were really in earnest they were very foolish not to take that Act, for he certainly would not agree to pass a Bimilar one. With regard to the guarantee principle, he was thoroughly satisfied that whatever interest was guaranteed, on whatever amount, tbe whole of it would have to be paid by the colony. lie said that, having been acquainted with railways for forty years in different countries. Me was quite opposed to any Bill offering a guarantee of interest. If there was any truth whatever in the statements made with regard to the country north of Port Augusta a guarantee.would be perfectly unnecessary, it was clearly demonstrated by the hou. member for Sturt that there would be a clear profit; of 15 per cent, to any Company taking up the work, and if a Company did it he would let them have the whole ofthe 15 per cent. He doubted the desirability of it being done by a Company at all. He hoped the course adopted by the colony would be a continua tion of what had been commenced— Government central. If things had been mismanaged it only proved that the Government had beeu incompe tent As to the terms not being liberal enough, they were as liberal as any English Company could possibly expect. He had ueen over the country, and believed that the line could be con structed at the very lowest cost that any railway was ever constructed for in any part of the world. Mr. TOWKBEKD believed there was a united strong part; in the House in favour of the Port Augusta Railway, and that they could only be defeated in their object by disunion among them selves. He hoped tney would keep in mind the distinct fact that one part of their work for the Besciou waa to have the Port Augusta Railway carried out. As the Government had promised that they would in the quickest and best manner introduce a Bill, he hoped the hon. member for Mount Barker would withdraw his motion. The hon. member Mr. Duffield had alluded to a persou who arrived in the colony to take up the scheme, and he hoped he would listen to his evidence. In answer to Question No. 22-' I see it reported in the papers to have been stated in the House that I came out prepared to take the work at 5 per cent., or under the original estimate. The gentleman who made that statement must have been neatly misinformed. My instructions were most decided upon leaving, and by last mail I received a letter reiterating the instructions 1 got then-that 6 per cent, for 30 years were the very lowest terms upon which it could be done.' He did not like to hear sneers, especially against a gentleman like ''? Wallace, equal or superior to many members of that House, who had the fullest power ef attorney from capitalists in the old country and the highest credentials. If any member knew anything about string-pulling he hoped it would . be charged directly, and not put forth in insendoef. At the late election it was asserted .because of thefdeep interest he took in the matter, that he expected to have a director ship in some Company. Now he might have made mistakes like other people, but he asked whether any hon. member ever knew him by any public act to but one farthing in his pocket. (Hear, hear, and a laugh.) In 1SC4 he introduced a Bill, when a gentleman was in the colony who had power to undertake the construction of the line if the Go vernment would have given one mile of land on each side. (Hear, hear.) What was the value of that land now? The House made it every alter nate mile, and rendered valueless the gentleman's power of attorney. The Treasurer knew that sub sequently there was an offer from Mr. Bhrimpton, who, however, by the time it arrived here, was insolvent, and another offer was made by sending to Mr. Fuller, tbe Mayor of the city, and guarantee ing him £5,m. Mr. Fuller's power was not suffi cient and with shrewdness— he would not say anything else-(s laugb)-lodged-not £5,000. but a deposit receipt with the Government, which they had no power over at all. The name* of the Directors were given in tbe evidence, including such men as George Palmer Bidder, Colonel J. A. dole, Albert Ricardo (banker), Kdward Clark (civil engineer), and others. The powers of attorney were most ample, and to two sronths, if tbe terms had been agreed to, skilled men would have been shipped to commence the work. He had to thank tbe Government for the promise they bad made, and hoped they would push on a work which would give employment to the people and develop tbe resources of tbe Far Worth: (Cheers.) , , , Mr. PEABClt oodesrtood the last speaker to say there was a strong party in the House pledged to carry this matter through. He was proud to fay tie was not pledged— (Hear, hear)-«od intended, after giving it the most mature consideration, to Support that which he be lieved would be for the beat interest of the colony, not of a Company. (Hear, hear.) Whether 