PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. " Juntico always whirls In equal measure."-LOVK'S LAiioun-'a Lwvr. Editorial rccmiromcnts givo mo but a brief space for noticing (anil not oriticising, nsmy desire would load mo) tho real dramatic performances of thu week, tho repre- sentations of Mr. and Mr». Bandmnnn at tho Adelphi Thoatro. Wo have had " Hamlet," " Tho Stranger," "The Merchant of Venico," "Othello," "Much ado about Nothing," and " Richard III." Tho house has been remarkably well filled every ovoning, culminating on Friday, for Mrs. Bundmann's benefit, with a very great crowd-many not hoing ablo to obtain scats. The talents and genius of this lady aro now thoroughly acknowledged and appre- ciated by tho community, tho most educated of whom havo witnessed lier great conceptions and genial renditions of character; und thero is but ono opinion through the town, that noting moro elegant, refined, chaste, ami cxprc&sivo; has novor been seen in Australia. Tho most demonstrative applause, ac- companied by calls and showers of bouquets havo been lavished on her every every evening. The " mad sceno" in " Hamlet" was rondered with an originality and a pathos that gave to tho character of Ophelia a prominence it hu» seldom beforo attained. Tho sudden Btart when sho hoars her brother's voice, with a momentary recognition, breaking out with a sob nt tho words " Faro you well, my dove," Koeiningto follow tho bird with her eyes, and then falling on her brother's neck heartbroken, affected ovory ono by its truth and tenderiiess; so, too, when she fashions the seeming coffin with her mantlo and flowers, and is again startled at tho voice of Laertes, looking,at him steadfastly and lovingly before quitting tho sceno. Though evidently slightly hoarso, it was easily perceived that Mrs. Bandmnnn has a vory pretty singing voico, and ns sho left tho stage, many a sym- pathetic toar dropt from gentío cyos. Unfortunately, tho Indy was but ill-supported by tho very ono who should boro have aided her ; Mr. Weat scarcely knew tho text; ho took Ophelia's condition ns coolly ns ho out-herodod Herod m tho otbor parts of thia nnd tho concluding sconos. Herr Uandmnnn's Hamlet has already roeoived tho highest commendation in my formor notices, to which I cnn add nothing. Tho scene when tho king (very admirably taken by Mr. Welsh), ÍH at prayer was placod fur bettor than formerly, tho oratory hoing insido tho sceno, with n sliding door enabling Hamlot to como behind tho king without hoing observed, and yet not too much in front of tho stage. Tho closet sceno ns represen tod by Horr Band- mnnn, with nil its accessories, will remain ns a landmark in tho annals of tho drama in Australia. Miss Cooper's Queen displayed tlus voiy clover lady to her host ad- vantage ; it seemed ns though sho had roally taken pains to mnko something of tho part. Mr. Harding was very quiet and subdued as tho Ghost, and came out well in a rather awkward situation, boland a tree as it woro ; tho voico, though not sepulchral, seemed cold as tho damp morning, and was by no means ineffective. Mr. Charles Young's Gravedigger wns unctuous, yet biting-suited to thc occasion. Kotzobuo's "Stranger, or Misanthropy and Ropcnt anco," draws money, I suppose, for tuero aro some pcoplo who lovo to gloat on tho highly-spiced misery of others : otherwise, I should wonder how a lady and gentleman of such excellent taste ns Mr. nnd Mrs. Bandmnnn would play in so »tupid n piocc of maudlin sentimentality, with its falso repentance and happy conclusion. I did not seo it on this occasion. Neither Herr Bandinann's Othello nor his Shylock prosentod any now foaturos since my Inst notice ; these nnd Hamlet will romain to bo a special tread of per- formances ns romarkablo and original ns has boen wit- nessed for very many yoars. Tho Portia of Mrs. Band- mann, too, is full of originality, graco, anil a depth of study, from tho beginning till the conclusion of tho play- ful fifth act, that, in conjunction with such delineations as Opholin, display tho grasp of lier mind and tho versatility of lier talent. Sho invested tho gentío Desdemona, too, with an interest seldom nccordod to this, tho most negatively demon- strative of tho Shakespearian heroines. Miss Rosa Cooper mado a feature of Emilia, and in tho last aot was so thoroughly in earnest ns quito to rouse tho audi- ence to very high enthusiasm. Mr. Welsh essayed Iago for, I beliovc, tho first timo, and gavo it a fair reading, but with no special originality. In tho " Merchant of Venico," tho scenery may bo mentioned as particularly appropriate. It is quito impossible at this ond of my apportioned space to do anything liko justice to thc ropresontation of " Much ndo nbout Nothing ;" but if it was, as I hear, tho first attompt by Mrs. Bnnilmnnn in this-ono of the most diflloult of Shakespeare's characters-it was simply extraordinary. Thero was but ono opinion, at whioh every person present, with any dogrco of taste and knowlcdgo, could arrivo : it was, aa a model of light but high comic acting, simply perfect, fully equal to that of tho most finished artists that havo played tho part for a, lifo-time, and in which, I trust, that with maturo study, and nficr continued porformanco, Mrs. Bniidinami will alter-nothing. Tho graooful mantle of Mrs. Nisbott scorns to havo fallon on her; nud to fit her olosoly. Heir Bandinnim'a Bene- dick, if a alindo loss light and buoyant, wa« full of fun, humour, and rion conception of tho part. What nu amount of study must thoso artists undergo to produce ploturos so completo : genius alono will not do it, any moro than throwing colour promiscuously on canvas will produoo a good painting. Miss Oaroy's Hero was vory gontly and prottlly rendorod, tho ohnpol soono with considerable fooling. Mr. Young's Dogborry is amusing, but should bo moro bombastic and important, a Httlo less loud. In tho absonoo of Mr. Andrews (through a domestic calamity), Miss Rosa Cooper played good old-man Vorges, so dis risod in voico and costume ivs to bo unrecognisable ; was admirable. Mr. Harding's Don Pedro was tolor oblo, but wanting in oleganco of manner and becoming appnrol. Old Loonnto was olHcicntly roprcsontod by Mr. Welsh; tho rost of tho ohnraoters hononth all criti- cism. Tho play was wisoly givon in throo not», whioh ahortoned tho porformnnoo, lint roqulrod a Tow moments longer nt tho ohnngos of Boonos, Instoad of aots. Tho I scenery wan vnrv nrnkfv l.nk wi,,. V"""H"" » ' ' 1 " BIltON. 