LOCAL AND GENERAL. Tub Akt op Seli;'-defknce. — It will be seen, by our advertising columns, that the two comba tants in the late prize light. Abe Ilicken, and Joe Carstuirs, take a joint benefit at the City Hall, on Monday night. In reference to the late fight, Hell's Life, in Sydney, remarks : — ' Tho fight was ono of tho best and most gaUantly contested that ever came off in Australia. Both men were out of condition, and wanted fully another fort night to be got into form. Ourstairs has proved himself to bo a thoroughly game man, and the manner in which he stood up against his nimble antagonist and took his gruel, stamps him as being a really good man. JJor tne lirst Hour or so the ' little un' was very industrious with both hands, and. Tack was getting 'rals,' when, follow ing the advice of hia friends, ho forced tho fight ing, and turned the tide in his favour. Jack is a desperately hard hitter with his right, and had he caught Abo some well meant ones, it would have gone very hard with him. He is not very dangeroiiB with his left, and used it more to push with than to hit, and it seldom went straight from tho shoulder. Hicken is a.s ganie a lad as A'as ever lapped in hido, and he fought for death or tlory. Pie has a splendid left hand, and shoots it out from tho shoulder as straight as a rood. He will prove a hard nut to crack for any thing near his weight, which, when in condition, would not be more than 0 st. G lbs. ] have been informed, upon good authority, that this will be his last fight in Australia, as he leaves in the next mail for California. Ho is a quiet, 'decent lad, and we wish him every success.' The English Pedestrians. — Two of these gentlemen, Messrs. Hewitt and Bird, who ar- rived here last week for the purpose of giving us a peep at their superior athletic powers, but were prevented in consequence of the terrible wet weather, and had to leave for Sydney to fulfil other engagements, have again, according to their promise, returned again, and purpose holding their old English sports on the New- castle Cricket Ground, on Monday next, and, besides the various running matches to take place, a handsome prize is offered for a wrestling match. We trust they will, on this occasion, be favored with fine weather, as they have, by this second visit, been put to great expense, and it would be a thousand pities that, after so much longing, we should be disappointed by not see- ing these celebrated runners compete with our local peds, who have the name of being also clippers. Another novelty in Newcastle will be the bicycle race, which will cause plenty of fun — three of our well- known townsmen having entered for this race, and more are expected from Maitland. The entries for all the races are to be made this evening by nine o'clock, at Mr. Milthorp's, The Terminus Hotel, at which place the champions are staying. Calcutta Swkbi*s.-— Tho various Bweeps on the late races wore paid over last night at Mr. Lister's, the Ship Inn. The amount of money speculated was Bomewhat considerable, and no thing could exceed the satisfactory manner in which the sweeps were conducted. At tho con clusion of the settling, several bottles of Mr. Lister's No. \ Piper were discussed, and success drank to the next Newcastle races. Birthday .Ball. — A grand ball was held, on Tuesday evening, in honour of Her Majesty's birthday, at Mr. Parker's, the Duke of Edin burgh Hotel, Junction. The large room was well filled, there being about fifty couples pre sent, and dancing was kept up till daylight did appear, to some excellent dance-music from Mr. Faning's band, Mr. Murray acting as master of the ceremonies. A sumptuous supper was pro vided, and the greatest order and decorum pre vailed throughout, Newcastle Hospital. — We are Borry to learn that the subscriptions to this institution are not coming in bo well as might have been expected. A larger amount of benevolence ia urgently needed for the hoapital, and we trust this will be cheerfully [accorded by our citigens, when called upon by the colloctor for contributions. ? The late Accident on Board tub Duedoe. — Mr. Thomas Hurland. mate of the dredge Vul can, whose skull was fractured, through acci dentally falling down the hold of that vessel, on Wednesday morning, is, wo aro glad to find, doing as woll as can be expected. As stated in our last issue, he was speedily conveyed to the hospital, where he was promptly attended by Dr. Degner, who performed a very critical operation upon him. The skull had been so fractured as to cause a small portion thereof to press down upon tho brain, and to relievo this pressure it was found necessary to saw out a circular piece of the skull, of about the size of a half-crown piece. The operation was very successfully per formed, and the moment the brain was relieved of its incubus, Mr. Harland — who had beon pre viously in a state of unconsciousness — came to his senses, perfect consciousness being thus in stantly restored. When the wound heals, the piece cut out of the skull will have to be replaced by a silver plate. Tyurbl-stubet.— Wo notice that a portion of this thoroughfare is in a wretched state of disre pair, so much so that, in wet weather, it is almost impassable. The worst part of it is that in the vicinity of the Wesloyan Chapel, Dr. Bowker's residence, and the Rev. J. A. Nolan's (Wesleyan Minister) manse, whore there is a large accumula tion of mud, as well as lodgment of water. This street is much frequented on Sundays by those who worship in the Wesleyan Chapel, and on this ground, wo think, the corporation ought to repair it at once. It could, we think, be considerably improved at a very moderate outlay, say £30 or £40, and although we know that the municipal funds aro at a very low ebb just now, yot we think that this is a work which our civic rulers are imperatively called upon to execute. Mesmkhism Extkaokdinaby. — During the rehearsal of tho ' Octoroon,' yesterday morning, which has to be produced for Mr. E. Alexander's benefit, on Monday next, tho following scene took placo : — Mr. J. Chambers, jun., while re hearsing tho character of the ladiun, Whanatee, with Master Rodgers, as Weonee Paul, gave such an impassioned delivery of his lines that tho boy seemed to enter into tho entire spirit of the play, and the consequence was that Mr. Chambers gained such sufficient influence over the lad to make him appear to nil intents and purposes dead. The effect on tho company was magical. Some were runniug for water and some for wine, while the poor lad appeared to be in a complete stato of mesmerism. It was some time before the various actors, &c;, could bring him to his proper senses, but we aro happy to stato they succeeded at last. Mk. Alexander's Bekef.it.— On Monday night this favourite comedian and clever comic singer takes his benefit, at tho Theatre Royal. The piece to bo performed is the drama, entitled ' Tho Octoroon' — which has had a long run at nearly every known theatre in Australia — and a musical and terpaichoroau melange, in which sovcr.il woll-known favourites will take part. With these attractions, there is scarcely any fuar but what Mr. Alexander will be honoured with a full hiuiso, in spite of other attractions. Mr. Alexander has been a member of the company at tliu Royal for a long period, and we novur heard a hotter Irish comic singer on the stago, and he very seldom appeared without receiving an encoro and a hearty round of applause, and there is no fear but that his friends will rail}' around him on this oucusiim. Foot-race. — A race took place, on the New- castle cricket-ground, yesterday, between A. E. Bird, the English pedestrian, and — Campbell, one of our local watermen, the former giving the latter ninety yards start in half-a-mile. The race was a very hollow affair, Bird never putting on the full speed till the race was more than half over, and, of course, too late to catch his opponent, and Campbell came in a winner by ten or twelve yards. Had Bird ran his best speed sooner he could have won the race easily . A great deal of money changed hands, the betting being 2 to 1 on Bird. Another race between Bird and Camp bell, the same distance, and the same start, is to be run on Monday. Although the race was lost by Bird, it gave the large crowd present an opportunity of witnessing his splendid style of running. Theatke Royal.— On Thursday and last night, tho serio-comic drama, entitled ' Dick Turpin and Tom King,' was performed. The plot of the piuco can well bo understood from the title, it being a sorieo of incidents and exploits of those celebrated highwaymen, Diak Turpin and l om King, and the drama concludes by Turpin shooting his friend, King ; his lady-love is shot by the constables sent to arrest Turpin, and he, instead of being taken alive, stabs himself with a danger. The knights of the road, Dick Turpin and Tom King, were well impersonated by Mr. G. Anderson and Mr. G. H. Leonard. Mr. J. Chambers enacted the part of Squire Watson, the father of Mary, Tnrpin's lady-love. Squire Wliimsoy, a gouty old justice, who greatly laments the state of tho country, was personified very ably by Mr. Flynn. Mr. S. Chambers, as Jackey Ooosogreon, did the countryman to per fection, especially when, in the second act, ho appears inebriated, after drinking portwine with the pigs. Mary was very nicely played by Miss Amy Chambers, and Betty Simpkius, aervnnt to Squire Whimsey, waa enacted by Miss Maggie Oliver, in her customary clover way. The farco. of ' The Happy Man' concluded tho perform ance, and we never saw the character better filled than it was by Mr. Flynn ; he kept the house in roars of laughter. To-night the drama is to be repeated, together with a new farce, ' The Spitfire,' and the song of 'Father Como Home,' with new tableaus. Newcastle Pkxsbyterian Cemetery. — The Newcastle Presbyterians do not seem to be given to garnishing the tombs of their forefathers, for we notice that the cemetery, at Honeysucklo Point, is iu a very discreditable state. Several portions of it are over-grown with rank weeds of various descriptions, as well as briars, and not a few of tho graves are thus entirely hidden from view. Many of the wooden tomb railings need repairs, and the paling- fence, by which the oeme tery ia enclosed, ought to be replaced by a new and more substantial one. A few years ago, the corporation erected a dry stonewall, on tho west side of the burial ground, to protect the graves from beins encroached uDon by the waters of the creek adjoining it. And had it not been for this protection, it is likely that a portion of the ceme tery would have beon washed away, ere now. By the expenditure of a small sum of money, this cemetery could have been greatly improved, and either those whp have tho management of it, or tho surviving relatives of those who repose in it, should set about making tho neces sary improvements at once. Tho longer the cemetery remains in its present stato tho more difficult its improvement becomes. ? The Crossing at the S\vami\— In our roport of tho races, wo stated that ono of tho collectors at tbo crossing aver the Swamp to the racecourse was pushed into tho wator, We appear to havo been misled, as we are informed it was not ono of tho collectors, but a passenger who was of rather a quarrelsome disposition. Si'OKTiNq. — We understand that a matoh was made yesterday, between Mr, Allen's b m Concert and Mr. Forrester's b in Soduoer, for £50 aside, l^ miles ; the race to pome off on the 19th Juno, on the Singleton racecourse A Darino Act. — On Wednesday morning, as the ship Bayard was getting under weigh, at the Horseshoe, to proceed on her voyage, one of the seamen quietly slipped overboard, with the in tention of making a bolt of it, by swimming to the shore Captain Allan, the harbour-master, happened to bo in his boat near the spot, and observing something dark in the water, he sup posed it to be his dog, and ordered his men to row to the object. On reaching it, ho was sur prised to find it to be a man, and on learning who lie was, ho. waa quickly taken into the boat and transferred on board his Bhip. It was for tunate Captain Allan waa bo near the runaway, or when picked up he waa much oxhauated, The Cosmos giws tin account of certain experiments mode by two French doctors on tho head of the parri oido Belliere, who was recently executed at Benuvais. The head was handed ovnr to tho medical men within five minutes of thu execution. The expression of the face was ono of stupor, not of pain. There was no evi dence, we aro told, that cither tho jaw or the tonguo had made the least movement after the knife had fallen. Ono of the experimentalists began by shouting in the ear the name of the condemned, but no contraction of the muscles of the face was appnrent ; a similar result attended the placing of a sponge, dipped in ammonia, under tho nose. The head even submitted to the cau terisation of an eye without blinking. Electricity, by means of Lcgcndrc's pile, was then applied, and a variety of tricks performed, not riuite to the doctors' satisfaction, we suppose, for they do not seem to have discovered what they half expected— that the bruin re tained its consciousnesH. In conclusion, we are told, it is proposed, on the occasion of the next execution, to inject fresh blood into the veins of the guillotined man's head, and to discover, if possible, whether tho pheno mena noticed by Dr. Brown Sequard, in tho case of a dog who had been subjected to the process, and there upon gave signs of voluntary movement, can bo repro duced— all of which seems to us a ghastly sort of trifling. Intelligence is daily coming to hand of the groat des truction occasioned on some of the stations on IaAerpool Plains, by the late heavy rains. At Bande, the station of Messrs. 'White, the Tamworth Examiner learns, that niiirge number of dams were washed away, and others seriously injured. These gentlemen have gone to great expense in the construction of these reservoirs, and it is most disheartening that, in a few short houra, works that had been erected with such care and anxiety should be ruthlessly destroyed by the elements they were designed to subdue. At Gullendaddy, the station of Messrs. Clark, Brothers, similar reports reach us of thu destruction of dams, no less than ten having been destroyed or damaged. The improvements on this station, and on Melville Plains, belonging to the same firm, arc more extensive and complete than, perhaps, on any property in tho Northern district, no expense having been spared to mukc the stations in every res pect well adapted for pastoral purposes. Wo shall, doubtless, hear of still further damage to other stations when the mails assume their ordinary regularity ; but when that will bo we are not, from present appearances, prepared to say. Tho Maclcay Herald gives the following account of another ghost on the Blacleay Klver : — 'A report has beon current In Kempsey, during the past week, that the ghost of an old woman has been seen on two or three occasions lately, at a placo known as Darby's selection, situate a. short distance from this town. A young man, named Francis M 'Cartliy, and another man, state, we believe, they have Reen the ghost — an old woman, tall, lean, and haggard. It was seen, it is stated, on three consecutive nights, and approached the men, uttering tho most piercing and unearthly shrieks. .Report says that, some years ago, an old couple lived a very unhappy life in that locality, and the woman ultimately died in a most wretched condition. Whether her death was hastened is not known, nor does it transpire that any questions were put to the apparition by those who say they saw it.' On the subject of the reduction of intercolonial tele graphic charges, the South Australian Iter/istcr makes the following observations : — ' Many weeks ago, tho mercantile public wore gratified at being informed that a mutual arrangement had been come to fur the adop tion of tho local charges upon the through line of tele, graph, and that the reduction from fi3. to 2a. Gd. tho ton words would come into force very shortly. They have patiently undergone the usunl sensations arising from hope deferred, and still the much needed change appears as far off as ever. We now learn that a hitch has arisen because of the refusal of the Victorian Government to adapt their own local rate to Jloxuit Gambier when a higher one obtains between that point and Adelaide. There is reason in their objection, lint why it should be miidc the ground for indefinitely postponing the settle ment of the question it i.s hard to seo. Even if their dumund is acceded to, the charge will be lowered one half— a concession not at nil to be despised. The ques tion of intercolonial postage rates is also deserving of attention. Something has boon done towards readjust ? ing the existing charges, nnd no time ought to bo lost in bringing thu negotiations which hare already boon set on foot to a satisfactory issue.' Reported Marriage op the Queen: — A recently' established London paper called Latest News, has given publicity to the following :— ' Those of our readers who aro not in the secrets of the palace will certainly be startled to hear that the cause of the frequent visits of the Prince of iuigustenhurg Sonderberg to Windsor, will in a few weeks be explained to her Majesty's loyal subjects in a mannor calculated to causo them tho highest gratification, and to withdraw our graoious Queen from the privacy in which she has spent her widowhood.' This rather suspicious story reaches us in a round-about way, having been published in the New Zealand papers. As a well was being dug lately by a person who selected not far from Wallabadah, he came upon a reef rich in lead and silver ore, and only a few miles from tho main Northorn-road, and this few miles over a le.'el country. Thera seems to be 'no doubt that this is a continuation of the Hulfe Gottes lodes, us the same chain of ranges run to the place. A t the conference of delegates representing the Aus tralian colonies, to bo held mlMolbourno next month, it is proposed to suhmit tho question of the protectorate of the Fiji Islands for consideration, with tho objeot of thoir becoming an appendage of the British Crown. The inquest on the death of Walsho, in Melbourne, has terminated in the committal of Supplo fur trial on a charge of murdor. Mr. Phee, the carrier's agent who loaded Jewell's waggon with gunpowder, in Melbourne, which exploded and killed him, lias been summoned under the Gun powder Act ; the decision is reserved. Messrs. Bryant and Taylor, ironmongers, of Mel bourne, have called a mooting of their creditors. Lia bilities, £8000 ; assets, £7000. Earl Belmore contemplates visiting Bathurst and Orango, shortly. He also intends to take a trip to Port Macquario, overland. Mr. Butters, of Melbourne, has been appointed a Commissioner to Fiji, to settle matters there. ? 'I Draper has beon found guilty, under tho Trusts Aot, anil renmndod for sentence. 