SPIRITISM. One evening, last November, Miss Harriott Tackaberry, of Ohio, gave a public seance at Irving Hall, Cleveland, which, was neatly arranged for the occasion. Miss Tackaberry is a yonng woman, about twenty eight years old, of modest appearance and medium height. Up to the present she has not figured prominently iu the spiritual world—or rather her powers as a medium have not as yet become sufficiently known. In the centre of the hall a stand was erected upon which was placed a cabinet, wherein was to take place the communion with the spirits of the other world. Miss Tackaberry was regularly introduced by a Mr Thirber who stated that all qnestions tendered to her would be promptly answered by the spirits summoned. A committee of four was then appointed to see that no deception would be practised. With commendable rapidity the four strong men tied the lady's hands behind her back and, having sealed her mouth with adhesive plaster, she took her seat in the cabinet, which, containing a guitar, a concertina and two bells, was immediately closed. Tbe ushers then proceeded to collect the questions, which, being read to the medium from outside, some interesting intelligence was elicited. A fiery gentleman, doubtless the worst for the recent speculations in Wall- street, inquired what the price of New York Central would be the following day. to which a muffled voice, like that of an old man, replied that it would be the same as on the day preceding—a piece of information that create f much laughter. The spirit was evidently not posted on stocks. Again, a young lady of prepossessing appearance—perhaps alrea iy jilted— was anxious to ascertain whether any marriages took place in the spirit world, and if so conld any divorces be obtained. The voice from the sentry box announced the alarming news that marriage was a favourite institution there, and that divorces could be secured at a low figure. By the way it should be mentioned that no fewer, thau five spirits were called up each speaking with a different voice. The humour and pleasant feeling displayed by tbe audience seemed by some strange coincidence to have been thoroughly appreciated by the ghosts themselves, for in reply to wi'ty interrogotions they were fully equal to the occasion. No question was declined, and though the answers were not always intelligible or thounh the answers were not satisfactory, the ready and jocular manner in which they were responded to, created a favourable impression of the spirits, and the vast experience which they undoubtedly seemed to possess. After enlightening the audience on several important subjects, such as tbe diet, clothes, and general demeanour of the •pirits, "Ben," as the witty goblin frequently called upon was familiarly termed, finally gave a song not unlike " Lanigan's Ball," though the words were not sufficiently recognisable. When the doors of the cabinet were thrown open-tbe medium was discovered reclining upon a chair, apparently in a trance, the adhesive plaster still covering her mouth. A member of the committee having pronounced everything "square," the cabinet was again closed, and the interlocutor outside on the platform having desired "Ben" to ring a bell, a slight tinkling was heard, the cabinet at the same time giving a lurch as if struck by a blow of a bolster. The spirits were again summoned and answered several questions, though many growled at the replies. Subsequently, at the xequest of a pleasant-looking young man,, .ooe of the spirits gave a song entitled "Gypsy's Davy." which, to say the least, was a good rollicking air, and capitally rendered. Two voices sang alternately, and the effect was highly relished. In response to the request of the manager, who stated that the medium must be now almost exhausted, the seance was brought to a close, and on the cabinet again being opened Miss Tackaberry was seen seated in the chair. Restoratives having been applied she awoke as if from a good sound doze, and seemed surprised that her mouth should still be covered with the plaster. It was patent to all that if Miss Tackaberry were able to open her mouth while in the. Cabinet she is unquestionably possessed of good ventriloquial powers, which might elsewhere be brought into good requisition. Irving Hall again held high carnival on a subsequent evening. The early earthlyites who despise What is .purely material.aud has' a disagreeable sub - tance about it, met to bask in the spiritual light radiated from the inspired soul of one Harriet Trskaberry, who possesses the acute faculties which, penetrate those mysteries "mute to the inquiries of a Newton and a Faraday. By 8 o'clock a very respectable audience gathered abont tbe shrine.erected in the centre of the halL , Upon an elevated "platform was placed a watchman's crib, looking more like a smokehouse than an thins; else, and this was called the cabinet. Owin? to nervous excitement, the medium did not make her appearance till half-past eight o'clock, when she was introduced by Mr A- A Faber, of 61 Broadway, merchant, who conducted the seance in a veiy creditable manner. Attired in black alpaca, «-ith a lace collar and midest toilet, the medium entered Pandora's box. with her mouth sealed by a large piece of sticking plaster, which effectually prevented her fromutiering any articulate sound. The entertainment proceeded. Calls were made for questions to be propounded, as the medinm had eone into what was termed a deep trance. ' The spirit "Ben," the husband of the medium and a drowned sailor, monopolised the evening. The first qnestion put to the atmospheric visitor was : — " Will evervbody be saved from final damnation ? '* Mariner—Yes ; no one won't be lost final'y. (And giving this reply in deep, guttural tones, he announced that there was more hell on earth than in the Spirit Land ) Auditor—How do you account for the milk in the cocoanut ? (Laughter.) Mariner (greatly puzzled)—Don't account for it at all ! ~ Another—what is the matter with a sick gentle-. man in the audience ? Mariner—He is love sick. (Roars of laughter.) Auditor —Have the spirits a government? Mariner—None. Auditor—Any sensations of heat or cold ? Mariner—None- The spirit life is more a dream than like anything else. Gentlemar— How do infidels fare in the other world ? Mariner—They live in doubt. Gentleman —What is the clothingol spirits ? Marin»r—They are clothed in atmospheric drapery. Excited Politician—Has there been a jubilee in hell over the democratic victory in this State ? (Sensation and consternation among the ghouls.) Mariner—That man has a hell within him. (Expression of mingled admiration-) Querist—How is Brigham Yonng and his wives 1 Mariner—All right. If Brigham wants sixty wives, it's nobody's business, as long as he supports them. In reply to many other queries the ghost of the departed. sailor said that spirits lived oa spiritual aroma, that they never died and that they dwelt, among their friends in spheres adapted to. their dispositions. The ghost sang several airs, -nautical and sentimental, in bass and soprano, threw guitars and bells out of the window of the cabinet and did other things which produce consternation among the audience. The only peculiaritv of the revelations was thit grammar i« disregarded in these eaBilv accessible regions. After rhe talking and other noises had ceased the cabinet was taken to pieces and the medium, just as she was tied by the committee, with her lips sealed, was with some difficulty aroused from her stupor and led down among tbe admirers. The audience departed delighte d with the flattering prospect of *he future state.—New York Herald. MUSICAL POWER—In all departments ofar there is a certain kind of genius that is not gene rally appreciated. The truth of this proposU tion can be best illustrated by examples from the performance of music. A singularly nice discernment iB necessary to distinguish that sert of merit which consist* chiefly in expression and modulation- Tbe great mass of people, including the mass of critics and connoisseur", can fully appreciate only two important qualities of a good singerand havevery little capacity for understanding those of a higher character. The two qualities ofexecution" and • power" are easily comprehended.endobtain the plaudi's of all, while grace,feeling and expression are considered secondary to the others. The power of lunsrs is placed above the power of genius. It must be remembered that ''execution," used as a musical term, is' applied almost exclusivelv to the faculty of rapidly enunciating the quick and difficult passages of a musical composition. "Power," in the popular musical vocabulary, is understood to mean physical or mechanical force. It is true that a oinser who, without superior compass or strength of voice, should be able to perform with exquisite grace and expression possesses power in a very- important sense. But tbis is the power of genius, and is not included in thepopu-. lar meaning of the word, which expresses only a capacity for great loudness and compass. It is applied to singers as to instruments, in tbe sense, in which a bugle is rao'e powerful than a flute. The physical and mechanical powers are qualities that everybody understand?, and when extraordinary admires; but genius is simply felt: it affects tbe heart and sensibility, but is not sufficiently palpable to be admired. This seems to be the characteristic of -every department of the art.— age. and affects every Atlantic Monthly. HUT AHDCOID BATHS.—If the cold douche balh is taken at an early age, it should be persevered with through life, and only relinquished temporarily in febrile ailments. The best time for every one to take (he cold bath is immediately on getting out of bed, before the body becomes chilled. The tiest wbetbtr the bath does good or harm is t>> be found, says CasseU's Household Guide, in the occurrence of shiverings, coldfeet, a sense of coldness over the body, and an absenceol "gloW'over tbe surface. -In such circumstances, tbe water taken must lie tepid, and friciion with towels must be freely employed. Hot bnrhs should oiily betaken, as a rule, as a cleansing operation; iu fact, for the Saturday night's wash." so to speak. Those who are taking active exercise, on the one hand, in their occupation, and those, on the other, who lead a sedentary life, are benefited byagood soaping all over and a rinsing in warm water every fortnight, in addition to their cold douche each dar. A returned Galifornian, heing asVed how he liked the water there, replied, " ;Sy George, I never thought to try it/' 