Hocal Entelligcnce. ARMIDAIiE POLICE COURT. SATURDAY, AUGUST C. (Before tlie Police Magistrate.) Johann Friedricli Kleinderast took the oath of na turalisation. TUESDAY, AUGUST 0. (Before Messrs. Jackes and Allingham, J.P.'s.) The Bench intimated that the following cases would be heard before a decision was given on either. Constable Cotter v. Wm. G. Brereton.-For having two cows at large in Falconer- street. Defendant pleaded guilty. Cotter v. Geo. Morrow.-For having four cows at large in Beardy-street- Defendant pleaded guilty. Cotter v. Mrs. Gorman.-For having three cows at large in Beardy-street. Defendant not appearing, service of summons was proved, and the case was heard ex parte. Constable Cotter stated that defend ant had admitted to him that the cows were her pro perty. After the case was closed, defendant came into Court, and complained that the constable had passed by other persons' cattle, and that her b<?y was going after her cows. She was informed it was now too late to make objections. Cotter v. A. Gallagher.-For having two cows at large in Jessie-street. Defendant pleaded not gnilty. Complainant stated that on the 3rd inst. he saw four or five cows in Jessie-street He asked defendant who they belonged to, when be said that two of them were his. He could not find out the owners of the others. Defendant asked complainant to specify the two head of cattle he was summoned about." He re plied that, as defendant admitted that two -of the cattle were his, he did not ask him any more about "them. The Bench said that admission was sufficient. Mr. Jackes said that, as these were the first charges this year of cattle straying in the streets, the Bench would deal leniently with them. Cattle were not so objectionable as goats, still they were a nuisance in the streets, and must be kept from straying in them. He understood that the Council was about to appoint an Inspector of Nuisances to look after these matters. Each of the defendants was fined in the amount of the costs, 6s. 6<L The money was paid. Mr. Jackes added that it appeared no owners could be fjiund for a number of goats, so he suggested to the police to drive them to the police paddock and there destroy them. He informed them that if they went at once to a certain place they could secuxe a number of goats which it seemed the ownership of was not ac knowledged. THURSDAY, AUGUST 11. . One man for drunkenness was admonished and dis charged. p ABMIDAIiE BOROUGH COUNCIL. At the meeting on Tuesday evening there were pre sent the Mayor and Aldermen Pilcher, Trim, Fitz gerald, Speare, Naughten, and Drew. The minutes of the previous meeting having been read and confirmed, Accounts were passed amounting to £8 ISs. 9<L Alderman Filcher withdrew two motions having reference to the appointment of an Inspector of Jfuis ances. . '< After hearing Alderman Naughten at s^ne length on the state of the Grafton road near the slaughter houses, the Mayor, with the consent of the Council, instructed the Acting Clerk to write to Mr. Bayley on the subject. Alderman Naughten also drew the Council's atten tion to the necessity of gravelling a spot, in Rusden street E. } Aldermen Pilcher, Fitzgerald, and Naughten urged upon the Council the necessity of securipg, if possi ble, all the unalienated land within the; population boundary, for the use of the stock of the- inhabitants of the town. Alderman Pilcher drew attention to a large area in the direction of the Coinmissioner's Water, and Alderman Naughten to a block of 380 acres at the head of Martin's Gully. They considered that if this land -were vested in the Council, or any power of control given the Aldermei^ over it, and then placed under the supervision of the Banger, the town could be kept clear of wandering slock. Alderman Trim asked leave from the Council to put a question to Mr. Clark, a contractor. The Council declining, being ignorant of its purport, and Alderman Speare objecting on the ground that con tractors were only amenable to the Council upon their agreements, Alderman Trim said it had been asserted he had told Clark that he might.bring small loads, provided he did not do so when he could be observed. He denied that he had £ver-made such a statement, but, on the contrary, asserted that he had always looked to the interests of the rate payers. The Council adjourned for a week. F SUPPRESSION OP INTEMPERANCE. Ok Wednesday evening the largest meeting, we think, except on political subjects, yet known>in Armldale was held in the hail of the School ofvArts, for the purpose of advocating the principles of The proposed Permissive Bill -SnmR minutes before the time ap pointed, a large number of persons had gathered abont the building, and shortly after the proceedings had commenced the number in the hall could have been little short of 200. Mr. Buchanan, P.M., who had consented to take the chair, did so at half-past seven. The applause wfyh which he was received having ceased, he read the advertisement convening the meeting. He then said it did not appear to Mm necessary thkt he should occupy their time with any remarks of Ms own on the object of the meeting, such a course not belonging to his province. Other gentlemen were ^present who could do that much more to the purpose, and to them he should assign the duty. He would, however, say that he was alive to the necessity of doing some thing to check the spread of intemperance, which the statistics of their Criminal Courts, and remarks upon the subject by the Chief Justice, and the -opinion of magistrates generally, made apparent was. the cause of a large proportion of the crime committed in the colony. The suppression, therefore, of intemperance was a thing most earnestly to be desired, and he wished success to those who endeavoured to effect it. With this statement of his own feelings on thesubject to be brought before their notice he - would rest con tent, and the discussion of it he would leave to abler hands. He would call on the Vicar General to move the first resolution. , 4 " rjf* ?; - Eev^Jiew,L^^^y.G,.ci£/ig|j)g, for the purpose, _was receive^ 30Jh Pr°lonj^,_£Pplause. "ImvmgTstatecL the pleasur&Tie; felt ^n being present that eveningLie read the fist resolution " That this meeting is deeply convinced that no con sideration of private gain or public revenue can I justify the continued existence of the retail liquor traffic contrary to the will of the people, -when ex pressed by the votes of a two-thirds majority of the people, in any district or municipality " He said that in being there that evening he had ac ceded to the request of a deputation^ gentlemen who "-jtjaik^'aited upon him at his residtti(£. The snbject of temperance was one that had long"interested hiT During his 20 years' residence in Maitland it had his advocacy, and he trusted with some £ood effects also. When requested, he had at once consented to give his support to that meeting. Neither, he thought, could any reasonable person object to give his support to the principles which the resolution contended for. No private gain or public benefit Ought to receive legislative protection at the expense of virtue and morality (cheers). Holding that rieA', they could not hesitate on which side to take their Stand. As Chris tians desiring the welfare of each fether, they must give their support to the resolution he had moved. Whatever might be said of the sacrfedness of private interests, and of a due consideration of the public revenue, they must maintain that the moral well being of the community had prior and far more ur gent claims to their consideration (cheers). The prin ciples of the resolution recommended themselves. They were not new, but had beehf long in practice. Holding that the unlimited licensing of public houses encouraged intemperance, the resolution claimed for a majority of the community the privilege of deciding the number of licensed houses neci$saiyfor the legiti mate claims upon them. This claim on their part they had the power of making known in the Legisla ture, and could be heard in the matter through their representative. These being the views of a majority of them, they had a right to tell their representative how he should act as to their furtherance, and he felt sure he would not disregard their wishes. The prin ciples of the resolution had his (the speaker's) cordial support, and also would that, he believed, of all good men, whatever school of politics or religion they might belong to. The habit of j Intemperance was known to be wide-spread, and lie believed it to be the root of all the miseries undergsrhich this country suffered (cheers). He spoke fromtxperience, and did not merely give utterance to a sentiment in saying so. The long-past history of many he /had witnessed- his saying so might creatc the inference that he was get ting old-but many an individual's history had closed during his time in the country, and the experience of 32 years was something considerable to refer to. Al though many a sad tale founded on the vice of in temperance he could relate, yet much could he say on the other hand of the blessings of temperance (cheers). This virtue they all should unite in en couraging, remembering that they/were all members of the'great social compact, and' however various their views on minor questions, they should strive together to preserve the landmaocs of sobriety and virtue (cheers). It was in this spirit that he com menced the career of his priesthood in this country. He became a total abstainer for the sake of the prac- I tical example which it enabled him to present to ! others. It caused many a word of advice uttered by . him to be acted upon which, had he not practised the life of abstinence which he wished others who were likely to become the victims of intemperance to adopt, would hare been unheeded. It was their duty to place temperance on a solid basis, and to iio so the drunkard must not only abstain, but hefmust have the support and example of others srSose fortitude was stronger than his ow^tfcheers). "VYlien in Mait land, he had endeavoured to make temperance at tractive in more ways than one. He associated it with rational amusement. His periodical addresses on the subject were enlivened by soirees, for the sake of the pleasure of which habits of temperance were often persevered in. He admitted that total absti nence was a. very dry subject-some would say it was a very watery one (laughter)-still it brought bless ings here and hereafter. It was their duty to watch over the youth-to snatch bim from intemperate habits before they became confirmed-as his experi ence convinced him that it was almost impossible to reclaim one in whom the habit of intemperance was of long standing. In illustration of this opinion, the very rev. speaker related a story of a drunkard whose friends tried to frighten him out of the vice by the appearance ofja feigned ghost, to whom the drunkard, learning from him that he had been dead the longest -?for the ghost had told the drunkard that he was dead-said that as he must know the run of the house best he would get him to find him a gill of wliiskeg (great laughter). . / ?£'. Mr called upon to second: the resolution, said that the subject before the meeting was one .he felt deeply upon. All he could do he would do to diminish the evils connected with the liquor traffic. His earliest years were passed where its evils came nnder his notice, and not only did he feel a. strong desire to escape from them himself, but a desire was created in him to protect others from them. In the resolution tbey called upon the meet ing to let no consideration of private gain interfere with their.endeavouis to check the progress of intem perance. Their light to do thU some might question. He denied that the gains made by intemperance were of any real interest to anyone, but contended that the results were universally injurious. He argued, too, that no Government should seek to raise revenue by any means detrimental to the morality of the com munity, and asserted that the unlimited licensing of public houses presented temptations that hundreds and thousands became the^rictims of. It was by so free an access to those houses that so many were lured on to destruction. "The liberty of the subject" was a bad argument for keeping these houses open. The liberty of the subject, when its effects were vicious, must meet with restraint. Gaols had been built to confine the subject in when his habits ren dered their restriction necessary. As for the revenue, it aras well known that a great portion of it was spent in bringing to justice and punishing criminals, most of whom the highest authority in the colony admitted were led into crime by habits of intoxication. If the vice of intoxication could be changed for the virtue of sobriety, crime would be diminished, and conse quently its attendant expense. Even if the revenue did suffer by limiting the sale of liquors, that would be better than that the health and morals of the .[people should suffer by prolonging the present sys *tem. With an increase of sobriety, he contended there would be an increase of industry, and other and far more profitable sources of revenue would be opened. The liquor traffic he regarded as a selfish and one-sided thing; those who dealt in the liquor gained everything, and those who used it lost evety thing. Personally it would make no difference to him if all the houses in Armidale were public houses or if there were only one, as he was a customer at none, but to many others the difference would be a material one. He denied that travellers needed all the ac commodation that all the inns in Armidale could afford, and neither did a working man require liquor every hour in the day. To allow some persons free access to a public house was a. curse which, in his opinion, would only cease when the community had the power to determine the number of public houses required. He denied that the innkeepicg business was entitled to the same privileges as those pursuits which supplied necessaries, or even harmless luxuries, as extensive moral evils were found attached to the former. Although he did not implicitly believe in the voice of the people, yet he thought it might be trusted in the matter in which they now desired it should be heard. For some time it was unheeded with reference to the slave traded rfeut -eventually it commanded attention, and the wisdom it uttered was now acknowledged. He felt sure that if they perse severed in the course they were pursuing they would eventually be successful, and 20 years hence the rife evil of intemperance might be blotted out. He be lieved that even among the sellers of liquor more had been ruined in their circumstances by engaging in it than had ever made fortunes. The speaker concluded by citing the career of a person he knew to that effect, and stating that he had much pleasure in seconding the first resolution. No one answering to the questions of the Chairman as to whether anyone wished to speak to the resolu tion, or move an amendment, he put the former to the meeting, requesting it to be decided by ayes and noes. The Chairman said he thonght it was carried by the ayes, but the voices appearing nearly equal he called for a show of hands, first in favour of the reso lution, when about 100 were held up, but the call for a show of hands against it was answered by only one (creating much laughter), on which he announced the resolution carried (great cheering). ., ? The Eev.rThomas Johnstone^ on'risfe^ropropose the second resolution, w-as received with cheers. He said he was glad to have an opportunity of saying a few words on so great a subject. Patriots, philanthro pists, and Christians had united in declaring the use of intoxicating liquors an eviL Experience tended to convince them all that they were an evil, and that continually. Their use undermined all forms of go vernment, brought disorder into society, and entailed incalculable misery in domestic life. He believed there was not one in the room who could truthfully say anything in favour of their use, and perhaps there were few who had not followed a friend to a drunkard's grave. The vice of intemperance filled our hospitals ^ and gaols, destroyed the reason, and had been found the curse of man in every relation of life. Some said there was no remedy for it. This he considered a slander against the power and providence of God. There were remedies for all evils. Intemperance embraced every form of evil, so it required all re medies. In convening that meeting, they had sought to apply what they believed to be a remedy to this wide-spread eviL If the Permissive Bill were passed by Parliament, which it would be, he believed, if they supported it energetically, although it might not be a complete remedy it would do much towards abating the eviL It would be the thin edge of the wedge thrust in, which would only require time and perse verance to drive it home. He regarded the present system of licensing houses for the sale of liquor as having a most injurious effect on the morals of the ?community; and the rev. speaker recited what appeared to be a temperance poem, setting forth a list of evils which the license was considered productive of (great cheering). The evils of intemperance, the speaker proceeded, were not confined to the lowly and the unintelligent, but reached the brightest of men in '<all positions of life, blasting their prospects and hurry ing them to a drunkard's grave. Some argued, he said, that liquors were good because at times they were used as medicines. Arsenic and strychnine were also medicines, and good ones too in certain cases, but who would ? use them in large doses ? If they would be benefited in sickness by taking liquors, they must let them alone in health. If they used them in health, they would have no efficacy in sickness. Some indulged in the use of liquors because St. Paul had prescribed a little to Timothy. This, however, in no way warranted the use of liquors constantly and in large doses, but rather supported the idea that Timothy was to take wine on the homeopathic prin ciple. If Paul had prescribed calomel-which, how ever, had not been discovered in his time-the pre scription would not have been held in such high favour. "While admitting that liquors had their uses, it became their duty as patriots to do all in their power to arrest the curse now spreading over the land from the constant abuse of them. Brought up in it, 'he had become a firm believer in the theology of old ' John Knox ; it was a principle of his that God would ' not do for man what he could do for himself. If they did ail in their power to suppress this evil of intem perance, they might expect Divine aid, but, however frequent their prayers might be uttered, if they did 'not accompany them with personal exertions they -would be of no avail. He could not consider all the public houses in Armidale necessary to the natural wants of the people, and believed they were only kept open for the sake of the gains which their owners made in the trade. He wished success to the Bill about to he laid before Parliament, and trusted it would be supported by all Christian sects. He was glad to sec assembled on that platform ministers re presenting the different Churches of Armidale, unit ing their efforts to- suppress the great evil which they were then assembled to complain of (applause). He would now beg to propose the second resolution |" That this meeting rejoices that a Bill is about to be 1 introduced which will confer upon the people the V' power of prohibiting the common sale of intoxicat \ ing drinks, and to prevent the retail sale of liquor, Vin any locality where a majority of two-thirds of the j| rate payers desire to be free from the traffic. The meeting recognises this as a just means of local pro-j tection, and pledges itself to use every legitimate effort to secure its adoption by Parliament, and hereby requests Mr. Weaver, 5ELL.A., tosupportthe um." QL | Mr. Parry, on rising to secondare resolution, said he regretted the abseDc6"""6F ladies, who, he greatly desired, should have taken a part in this movement, tadies were excluded from sharing in public move ments on the plea of inferiority, but for liis part he regarded them in many things as superior to men. He hoped, however, that a large number of ladies would sign the petition to be presented to Parliament from the district, as he believed it would carry great weight. Mr. Cowper, they knew, agreed with the main principles of the Bill, which was favourable to its passing through Parliament. The evil they wished to suppress cut to the root of the happiness and pro sperity of society. Till intemperance were banished the country would never become truly great. They had Sir Alfred Stephen's testimony that most of the crimes committed were done under its influence; and, also, tliat the Government had little interest in encouraging the liquor traffic as a source of revenue, as it did not derive, considering attendant expenses, a great deal by it. But he asked who would go into figures, and make the question one of profit and loss, when they were aware of the great moral and social evils which the sale of liquor was the cause of ? As an example of how the career of the most promising might be blighted by habits of intemperance, the speaker alluded to the late Mr. Deniehy. He attri buted much of the existing intemperance to what he considered the too great facilities to obtain drink. He looked upon the houses in which liquor was sold as so many temptations alluring men from the paths of sobriety. If there were no pitfalls, the wanderer could not fall into them, but spread them about is his path and the chances were that he would not es cape. If there must be public houses, let there be only a few of high respectability. He knew that a great deal of talent was wasted in making public houses attractive. He alluded, for instance, with some interruption (during which the party was named), to a certain hotel keeper is Sydney having made a most perfect model of the Great Eastern, and followed with some comments upon the subject [which we omit publishing, as we consider them too personal.-Eds. ' A.E.'] The speaker then begged leave to support the second resolution (cheers.) The Chairman, having put the resolution to the meeting, announced it carried unanimously (cheers). The Rev. Wm. Moore, who was received with cheers, rose to move that the petition as prepared should be adopted by the meeting. He said he would always feel much pleasure in conducing to the general good of the colony. He did not stand before them as an advocate of total abstinence, nor of Sons of Temperance. He might, perhaps, have connected himself with these movements had it not been lor the over-zeal of some of his friends. These seemed to think that a man could neither be a good citizen nor a good Christian unless he allied himself with these movements. He differed from thejn, thinking a man miglit be both without any connection with either. It might be that be was .20 years behind the age, for the progress of enlightenment had been very rapid of late. It had been his lot to live for several years past in a barbarous, cannibal country, and there fore he could not be well acquainted with the social j characteristics of this colony. As his removal here 1 had been only very recent, he had not had oppor tunities of seeing so many of the evils of intemperance as had, doubtless, come under the notice of the other speakers. Intemperance, wherever and under what ever form it existed, he knew must be a great evil, and the petition he looked upon as a step towards its mitigation. He had read the petition, and approved of it generally, but would not bind himself to sup port all that it contained. It was, he admitted, based upon a wide question, and rested on a good founda tion. That the evils said to exist did exist, he had no doubt. Most of the public papers which he had time to read confirmed the fact, and also that it was the cause of a large amount of crime. According to Dr. Manning, most of the lunatics whose cases he was acquainted with had been reduced to their state by intemperance. Still, correct as this might be, it did not follow that it arose solely from the sale of liquors in public houses. In that respect he could not go so far as some of his friends, and charge upon them all the evils of intemperance. He looked upon public houses as necessary and in some cases a great con venience. It might be desirable that some of them should be kept by niore .respectable persons, and he could not take it upon himself to say that all is Ar midale were kept by proper persons. If the number of public houses in this town were lessened, it would 1 be a reason for having a better class generally. Now, j one of the remedies proposed in the petition was to diminish the licensed houses for the sale of liquor. But it must be clear to them that this alone would not do away with drunkenness. Some persons attri buted habits of drunkenness to the absence of suitable recreations and rational amusements. They knew the saying, that "All work, and no play, made Jack a dull boy," and it was upon this theory that places of rational amusement had been estab lished in most large towns. Other theorists pro- ( posed to elevate the mind, while others would con- ! fine themselves to applying to all evils the principles I of Christianity. He was quite willing to admit that' all these, each and collectively, would be of use. In , Armidale, all the means were in operation, but it i was admitted that they were not a sufficient remedy for the evil, or that they had not been skilfully applied. These having failed, they proposed to try something else. They would make the Permissive Bill law, so as to close the public houses. If this had the desired effect, they would have something to be thankful for, J but if it did not meet the end in view, as the Acl would not be, like the laws of the Medes and Per sians, unalterable, they could set it aside, and mak< another effort. If having more public houses in a town than were actually needed was an evil, it would give to the inhabitants the power to rid themselves of it. He could not agree with a previous speaker that the Bill was the thin end of the wedge; he regarded it as only another experiment, which might or might, not be successful. He said, amid great cheering, that! he had much pleasure in moving- I " That the petition be adopted by the meeting." ! The petition is as follows:- 1 " To the Honourable the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, in Parliament assembled. " The Petition of the undersigned Inhabitants of New South Wales "Bespectfully Sheweth "Your petitioners are deeply Impressed with the fact, as proved by the undisputed testimony of Min isters of the GoBpel, Judges, Medical Men, and Sta tisticians, that the large consumption of intoxicating liquors in this colony is the chief cause of the drunk enness, immorality, lunacy, crime, and pauperism that prevail, and as a consequence necessitates so much taxation. That these evils are for the most part promoted by public houses for the common sale of intoxicating liquors. "The evils flowing from public houses and places of amusement connected with them are greatly in creased by the facilities afforded for obtaining licenses, and by their vast number causing all classes of the community to suffer from a traffic which reduces the amount of industry and wastes so much of the public resources of the colony. "It appears to your petitioners to be just, expedi ent, and perfectly consistent with constitutional prin ciples, that the people be empowered to protect them selves against this demoralising system, and that a thorough reform of the licensing laws is imperatively required. "Your petitioners, therefore, humbly pray your Honourable House to enact a Bill for limiting the number of licensed public houses, and that such provisions be enacted as will enable the electors of any specified area, city, township, municipality, or police district, by a majority of two-thirds, to pre vent the common sale of intoxicating liquors within their ovrn locality. " And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray." Mr. Herzog had much pleasure in seconding the re solution. The Chairman having put it to the meeting, it was adopted unanimously (cheers). |i Alderman Naugliten ascended the platform to i address the meeting, but owing to there being no [motion to speak to, and the fun aud noise occasioned iby the gentleman's presence, he could not be heard, !so he retired-for a time. p''' "Ald6W5aSr"lJrew, on rising to propose the fourth resolution, said he would not, after the able addresses they had the pleasure of listening to, occupy their time with many remarks of his. He would merely say that the question before them was one he felt a deep interest in, and which he believed to lie at the bottom of all social reform. The principle of di minishing the temptations to intemperance, as leading i to its prevention, had already been adopted in Eng land. He begged to propose the fourth resolution "That a Committee be formed, to canvass the dis trict for the signatures of the inhabitants, composed of:-At Armidale: Messrs. Mason, C. H. Moore, ; J. H. Turner, and W. Drew. At Saumarez Ponds : ! Messrs. John Symington and K. B. Parry." (Cheers.) Mr. Mason begged to second the resolution. j The Chairman informed Alderman Naughten that ] he could speak to Uie motion. I Alderman Xaugliten, who for nearly ten minutes j could not be heard, owing to the numerous and varied demonstrations in which the meeting expressed its ' consciousness of the worthy Alderman's presence, said that he had only one reason for wishing to ad , dress them from the platform that evening, and that |-^nrrthe- preTi©a«--spEa3fflrsTKjt--ha(,rlTig expressed the cure of the evil complained of (renewed cheering and laughter). They said the extension of public houses would do it (tremendous cheering and laughter). Would they hear him for a moment? He could tell them that putting an end to public houses would create the greater evil of illicit distillation. The abolishing of the use of liquors, he said, would de stroy one of the great resources of the farmer, and as clergymen required money his business should not be. injured (A voice: Would you like a drop of poteen ?)" | Soiiie years ago he was one of only three innkeepers in Armidale ; now there were nine; and he could tell them that there was more drunkenness now than when there were only three public houses (renewed and prolonged laughter, and cheering). He believed that if the country were full of puhlie houses there would be no more crime than if there were only one. It was his opinion that both males and females who carried on the business of innkeepers were a respect able class. for his part.fkj would strongly advocate.. j|the establishment of a diistfflery In Xrtnidale, which f would, he believed, improve the circumstances of the J clergy.^He would at some future day suggest a better 'plan than any that had been proposed that evening (cheering and laughtei^ most boisterously repeated, and " That'll do, old boy," " We have no objection to "The resolution was carried unanimously. On the motion of the Rev. Mr. Johnstone, seconded by the Bev. Mr. Moore, Mr. Buchanan left the chair, and the Very Eev. Dean Lynch, V.G., took it. The Eev. Mr. Johnstone then proposed that the meeting should mark its approval of Mr. Buchanan's urbanity and efficiency as Chairman. The meeting responded by giving prolonged ap lause. The Very Eev. Dean, after a highly humorous al lusion to Alderman Naughten's address, conveyed In flattering terms the thanks of the meeting to the Chairman. Mr. Buchanan, after returning thanks, remarked that it was an opinion gaining ground that a publi can's license could not be refused to anyone who con formed to the terms of the Act. Besides the rev. gentlemen who addressed the meet ing, the Kev. Mr. Lyons, K.C.C., occupied a chair on the platform. If We have received a copy of the first annual report I of the Mutual Life Association of Australasia, up to ?June 3ft.. It seems that great care Is exercised In ex amining proposals, for, out of 5S5, 295 were declined or not completed. 2S2 assurance policies have been issued, and eight endowment ones. One claim of £500 has been paid, and three other claims have arisen, amounting to £1253 Ss. 7d., two of which were the result of accidents. The premiums of the assurance branch amount to £1253 8s. 6d., and of the endow ment branch to £233 Is. 5d., per annum. The balance of cash in favour of the Association is £3530 Os. 7d., while the funds aiid cffects are 'estimated at £3758 9s. 9d. Wc understand that the Rev. Mr. Keogan, R.C.C., Ifhas deferred his departure from Armidale to Grafton till Monday. The quiet affability of the rev. gentle man's manner has made him many friends, and his departure is spoken of with much regret, even among other denominations. Wc are informed that the rev. gentleman is highly esteemed by the members of his Church here, and that they have a due sense of his energy in furthering the obtainment of a Cathedral. It has been determined by the Building Committee to add 20 feet to the originally proposed length of the Catholic Cathedral in Armidale. Thus the interior accommodation will be materially increased, and the external appearance of the structure rendered more imposing. The foundation, which is nearly com pleted, is of concrete and wrought granite, obtained from a quarry near Uralla. It is the best founda tion in Armidale. The difficulty of bringing in an adequate supply of granite has been very great owing to the constant bad state of the roads. Of bricks and other materials there is a large quantity on the ground, and the progress of erection goes on steadily. A short time ago it was rumoured that the Archbishop would be in Armidale shortly, to lay the foundation stone; but we understand now that his Grace is not likely to come here for that purpose, and that the honourable duty will be performed very Rev. Dean Lynch, V.G. £ Yesterday we saw, at Mr. Moore's store, four sam ples of excellent wine. They are the produce of a vineyard on the Bocky. belonging to Sir. Moore, and managed by Mr^ B. Rooties- The oldest sample, vintage'of 1869, is a full, strong wine, made from the Muscatel grape, and possessing qualities which recom mend'it to the consumer. The whole of it, we under stand, has already been disposed of. The other three' samples are respectively Black Reisling, Black Cluster, and a pink wine-all from the vintage of the present year. New as they are, their flavour is pleasant, and all promise considerable improvement with age. Of the latter wines, the stock is about 400 gallons. Yesterday we saw, in Mr. John Moore's yard, a great novelty-the hide of a bull, containing about half a ton of tallow. It came in from Paradise Creek J station (of Dan gar Brothers), and has been purchased by Mr^Markham, in exchange for soajh The only laige opening'in the Mde w&s; from'the throat to the chest; the legs were cut off, and then, apparently, the hide was stripped off the carcase. .The openings^ had been carefully sewn up, and the paS355Tm3*the appearance of a very fat bull without legs, head, or taLUp Saturday last, Sergeant Hetherlngton severely sprained his ankle, from which Ije has since been laid up. He had left the key of the door of his room (in lJ the court house) in the lock, and being about to enter took hold of the key to turn it, when, owing to its coming suddenly out, he stagged backwards down the steps, and his foot came on the edge of a piece of granite; hence the accident. He had to be supported inside. The other day one of the younger children of Mr. Emblin, the postmaster, was playing with a bottle, which it fell upon, cutting one of its lips very seri ously, and loosening two of its teeth so that Mr. Mal lam had to be applied to for the removal of one of jj On a very stormy night not long since Alderman TNaughten's workshop was blown down, burying all his tools, and occasioning considerable loss and in convemgaEji^ On the same night a number of trees in theTSush were uprooted, while large limbs were torn off others. On Monday one of the shaft horses of a waggon team standing before Mr. Moore's store con^nenced kicking in a most violent manner. The driver was disposed to let the horse, which was tearing the flesh from its legs and thighs, kick itself tired, but the ani mal appearing maddened by the pain it occasioned it self Mr. Moore humanely insisted on its being taken I? out. On Tuesday Mr. Mutlow received £10 17s. 8d. for the penny bank. ' -The TupngcntStives of the late Mrs. Grace Dangar have obtained permission to purchase certain unneces sary roads on Gostwyck. Particulars will be found in the 'Gazette' of 2nd inst. In the Insolvency Court at Sydney, on the 3rd inst., in the estate of George D. Cooper, an adjourned spe cial meeting. A written offer of composition was read, and was unanimously accepted. » The following claims for pre-emptive leases have been approved of:-W. G. Godfrey, 150a., Stony i Batter. S. H. Darby, 150a., Stony Batter. David Strahle, 162a., parish of Elton ; 9!)a., parish of Butler. Chas. Smith, 600a., parish of Uralla. Edwin White, 144a., parish of Byron. Jas. F. O'Donohue, 2C4a., parish of Ashford. On the 3rd October there is to be another meeting, at Sydney, in the insolvent estate of Geo. Daniel Cooper, formerly of Armidale, to finally decide upon an offer of 2s. Cd. in the £. The rich reef lately found on the Clarence, nine miles from Yulginbar head station, was discovered by a party of Italians, who hare been granted a prospect ing claim. The spot is on M'Grath's Creek. George Fagg, of Maryland, has been fined £30, with costs, by the Tenterfield Bench, for selling spirits without a license. There was but one case at the Tenterfield Quarter Sessions-for larceny, arising out of drunkenness. The prosecutor not appearing, the accused was dis charged on his own recognisance of £50 to appear when called upon. The 'Colombo Obsever* says:-The horses and cattle brought by the Tamesa in twenty-nine days from Adelaide were sold by Mr. Morey, at the Ball Bungalow on Gallc Face. There were fifty-two of them, and as they were in fine condition, and evi dently of good breed, forty-six of them sold readily. The average price was £32, the lowest figure being and the highest £66. Doctor, a racehorse which has run at several Australian meetings, was knocked down for £66, while Playboy, another racer, was bought in at £54. Adelaide, a racing mare, fetched £48. A pair of black cobs,'nicely matched, made £88, and another pair fetched £76. Altogether the sale was a very successful one. Smith, convicted of the murder of his wife by heat ing, at Hotham, was banged on the 4th inst. 