THE VICTORIA RAGING CLUB SPUING MEETING. . [BY OUR SrECAL ItErORXERS.] Stewards: H. C. Jeffries, C. B. Fisher, Dr. Patterson, Robert Power, and A. W. Robertson. Judge: Edwd. Rowe. 'Starter: G. Watson. Clerk of tho Courso : Robert Hamilton. Weigher : Isaac Hiud. THE CUP DAY. Of course every ono knows now what horso won the Cup. The only thing overy ono does not know is how it was dono ; and, before on tering upon the description, afew biographical notes ao to tho horo of tho hour, Nimblefoot, may not be amiss. Ho tirst displayed his foot in Tasmania, several years ago, as a youngster ; and peoplo said ho would have dono groat things had ho beon properly handled. Mr. Joseph Thompson, book maker, bought him somewhoro about tho commencement of the year 1807, whereupon groat things wero prophesied of him for th with, but his ill-luck was invincible during tho next Autumn season on the Vic torian turf, and for other soasoi:s that he was persoverod with. Tho lato Mr. Waltor Craig, of Ballarat, fancied tho horso much, and bought him, hut did no bettor than Mr. Thompson. However, Mr. Craig was never easily put off hia likings, as a succession of losses with half a dozen of his pet3 will amply evince. To Nimblefoot ho stood more firmly than to any. He determined that tho horse should havo a last chanco by pay ing a visit to his native iBle, in order to recruit and come over again frosh from its bracing air and evergreen pastures. So Nim blefoot was shippod away to Tasmania moro than a twelvemonth ago ; and, aftor a liberal allowance of time to kick up his heols, ho was shipped back again to go into training for tho Molbourno Cup. Several months ago Mr. Craig died, but before his death ho had a remarkablo dream, which will assuredly bo henceforward the most wonderful tradition of tho Victorian turf. On tho night beforo his death, Mr. Craig dreamt that : ho saw Nimblefoot win tho Molbourno Cup, carry ing his well known color — violet — but with a pieca of crape on tho sleevo, whereby ho concluded that the event would take place alter ms deatn. ' JNimbleioot; will win tho Melbourno Cup, but I shall never live to ? seo it,' said Mr. Craig tho next morning, and that very night ho died. The prophecy was generally known at the timo, and was published in The Aye of Wednesday last. So that it is no 'after tho evont' affair. Nimblofoot was entered for tho Melbourno Cup before Mr. Craig's death, and his namo stood as tho owner all along, although the horso has boon sold to Mr. Bailoy, tho owner of Glencoe. Notwithstanding that ho is an aged horso, Nimblefoot's previous performances only jus tified tho handicapper in placing G st. upon him ; but ho carried 3 1b. penalty yesterday for winning the Hotham Handicap on tho first day of tho meeting. Beforo being en tered for tho Cup, Nimblefoot was put up to auction, with a number of other race horses, at Kirk's Bazaar, but was bought in, no bidder venturing beyond £50. This for [the, winner of the Melbourno Cup within tho noxt six months ! Talk of the glorious uncertainty of tho turf after that. When tho woights for tho Cup were declared, Nimblefoot's price steadied at 25 to 1, sinco he had got well in ; but afterwards ho doolmed away oven from this outsido prico, and ho stood at 33 to 1 last Friday. After winning tho Hotham Handicap, how ever, his price went up at once to 12 to 1, and this wta the quote at tho time of the Melbourno Cup start. How he won tho race by a nose, amidst the acclaims of such a mul titude as never assembled beforo on the Molbourno racecourse, will bo found fully detailed bolow. j THE TOWN. '? As a fair exemplification of the real ex citement which is engendered by tho raco for tho Melbourne Cup, commend mo to Mel bourne, and to Melbourno only. I have viewed for years, with some show of admi ration, tho huge crowd of tho hill, the enronging oi mo lawn, ana zae ousy Dustle ot tho paddock ; but I am freo to confess that till this year I never saw tho Cup as it ap pears in Molbourno, or in that part of Mel bourno which cannot surmount impossi bilities and reach Flemington. Thirty or forty thousand people mako a goodly crowd in a .young country ; but then these do not compriso a tithe of those who feel an interest in the Cup, and in thoCup's winner. So it bo thought me, as I was walking down Bourke Btreot yesterday morning with tho full in tention of proceeding forthwith to Fleming ton, that 1 would remain in tho city itsolf, and from that stand-point watch the drama through tho means of that mighty camera obscura, tho electric telegraph, being enacted three miles away. Firstly, however, lot mo sketch the appearanco of the town as it pre sented itself, say at eleven o'clock. And when wo talk of tho town let it bo under ,ood that Bourke-street is meant. Be causo one fact thero is no denyine Tl, t I is that it is to that street tho crowd £ I tales on holidays, nnd it is in that s w ' I therefore, that thoso 'dainty tit' JV1 1 are to be .picked ; which go to s welUh I yalue of La description or of 'n report T ,„ 1 it is you Bee the eager groups of vocifcral! 1 mngsmen who watch with hawk It* 1 eye tho arrivals from tho countrv who a 1 in by tho early train; thero Pis vo^ I learn the state of the odds by referel t' I the. mighty .bo-lined pieces o^ carTb la I which nro exhibited m tho windows of tk« tobacconists and tho wineshop keepera ? i ? ' there it ia that you can stand tho ' S I chance in the world of being destroyed by ? the counter-irritation of 'bus, carriam. .,Y ' and buggy, if only you havo tho course t' J show yourself for a moment on tlio wron° : side of the kerbstone. It is not too Ch to. say that onco having dotermi,,ed to 11 ' in Molbourno, thero was in the nwS i' sceno beforo mo ample food for reflection »3 observation. Fromcv'ery couceivablequartTr ' from the dcaort wilds of remote Collingwoo j Flat, from tho cool ehadca of Nunawa, i°° and from tho aristocratic localitv which P°' tends from South VTarra to the aea th sightseors wcro pouring iu by hundreds Somo of them camo m their own veluVu' glistening with tho still damp dw = of an overnight's polish, but tho crcat majority depended ou tho cab as a means to tho desired end. This was as far merely as Melbourno. They were emoticd into Bourke-stroet, and from there thev sought their own mode of progression On- I wards. Onwards, aud over Onwards, indeed I soomed tho battlo cry of tho day. Did V01! I moot your dearest friend, who ou .-mother I occasion would take tho least opportunity I of getting you by tho buttonhole, and tollia* 1 you how last week. Amanda proved nn° I cind— that friend on this occasion would I havo no word for you but ono of I hasty tumultuous greotiiig. Possibly hi5 I eye was fixed ca a coming bun, a anui; corner on tho top of' which ho wished to securo for himsolf, or just as possibly he waB bounding with eager stops towards far distent Spencer- street, from which ho meant ? to proceed Onward towards tho haven of his doaiest hopes. A hugo rush, a ecr.tmblo for place, a whirring babel [of direst discord in which oaths, prayers, aud Bomi-ahrieks are strangely mixed, and tho quiet of Sabbath settles on tho streot. A glance at the clock which, too, ns ever, has had Onward ' engraved as its motto, shows that two hours havo passed, aud that iu that two hours tlio suburbs havo emptied themselves into tho city, and tho city in its turn has emptied itself into Flemington. So that part of tho day's drama is played out, i and 1 watch with envious eyo tho last cab a3 it turns tho corner under the Post Olfico aud darts away, towards Flemington. Surely this cannot bo Bourko-street. Along its usually thronged footpaths thero is nothing to bo seen but a fow broken-down, haggard men, who havo for tho last hour or bo been gazing wistfully on tho departing pleasure seekers, and thinking doubtless of tho days which havo passed from them for ever. Days when ifc was tho lot of somo of them to hurry On ward to Epsom, drawn by glittering teams of prancing steeds. Now, they are mere wallflowers, waiting, some of them hungrily, for tho edict which shall pass them Onward '? to that placo whero ' ' the weary aro at rest.' , So it is not all bright this Cup picture in Melbourno, whatever it may bo out yonder on tho crowded course, whero by this timo : the mass has congregated, and is i hungrily waiting for its food of mad excite ment. It is two o'clock, and the timo passes ; wearily enough. A glauco at Collins-street ! seems almost liko n visit to Geolong ; Chan- j eery lane is silent ; tho monoy changers and I thd monoy londorB havo closed their estab- ! lishmehts ; disconsolate barmaids, or thoso | of them who aro left in 'Melbourne, gazo out j vacantly on tho streets, longing perhaps for ' somo presence which is denied thciri. Thero j is a profound peaco everywhere. Thoso who i aro m tno screocs jook ns it they wished s theinsolves nnywhero but in their present ! position ; and the fow shopkeepers who have - kept their places of business open, 1 hungrily wait at tho doors liko tho I genteol spiders who aro constantly request- ' ing tho flies to step into thoir parlors. Tuno i woars on again, and by and by tho nows j comos that Romula has won the Maiden. ' That doesn't seem to make the pulse of ; town lifo boat any quicker, any moro than ?? doon tho nows that tho AmothyBt filly has ' oantorod away from her field in the Railway Stakes. Thero is now a long wait. Tlio Albion ia tho centre of attraction for thoao who are loft behind. One by ono tho loungers and tho wall-flowcra ? drop into its bar, and watch with hungry oyes the boards on which tho nows of tho j news will shortly bo displayed. Anxious ; eyes are turned to the door at every foot step whioh jingles hollowly on the footpath, and ovory now and again some onxious-oyed : one, who has beon bound to his counter by tho storn coiumaud of a tyronical noh-clooer, ! rushes frantically in to Bee if anything ccr- ! tain has yet come to hand. It is curious to i stand f«r a minuto now in the motloy crowd, } and to liston to tho|various opinions expressed : by those who form its component parts. [ Sago men with gray polls look knowingly ? on somo who souin to hang upon their lips ! as for judgment, aud with a puff of tho pipe declare that thero can bo but ouo ! lorse iu the raco, and that the gallant old .' Tim. A horsey looking individual, with a \ red noso aud blear eyes, declares loudly j that Milesian must bring the Cup to tho ' Albion, and as ho says this ho looks hungrily towards tho barman at the counter, as if ho thought his tip at tho least deaorved a drink, ' if nothing more.' A lad about fourteen, well-dressed, and evidently well cared for. in somo respects, waits anxiously with book in hand, and with a wretched look of caro on his young face, aud as ho waits ho drinks in eagerly all that is said. Tho mention of Tim Whifllor's namo sends a gleam of momentary satisfaction to his eyes, and it is not hard to tell how ho lias been betting. Backing horsos, my lad, at your ago, I thought, will lead you to tho devil or further beforo you aro twenty. About half -past threo tho neiva did come, nnd at first positively it was not believed. Whore, they said, was Tim ; whore Croydon; whore, nbovo all, Trump Card. Trump Card, . with c his chain of coincidences so cloverly woven by an ingenious brain — nowhere ! What thon, was coincidence : but deluBipn ? .What, the hopo of supersti tion but tho mockery of faith? Nimblefoot had won, and tho despised Lapdog was second. Tho rest nowhere. It was tho old, old story of bittor disappointment Around that board in ten minutes I saw n. hundred nair of e.iirer eves, and but ono of these seemed to fully comprohend tho news. All , seemed stunned. Ono only, a smug-faced clerk, turned red with joy. ' Egad,' said he, ' I drew : him in a £20 sweep this morning, and ? couldn't find a purchaser for half-a-cro^m. ; But tho oxcitoment was hardly inoro than a ; thing of a. moment. In a short time the re- j turn traffic came rolling iu from Klcraington. ? BourkoTstreet .was itself again. 'Buses, caos : andgcarriages filed past, ono on top ofTtlie other, with almost lightning rapidity, and tho babel of tongues at the corner : by the miniature river which gaily and j merrily passes on to tho Yarra, -\yas as loud :.| as ever. Tlio Cup had been ruujpr and won. The day of the year which is a rod letter day to so many thousands,, had passed, and tho life of many a struggling spirit had : leave to settlb down again to tho quiet, ot monotone. ? ' THE ROAD. ; In tho moantimo, there are other features of the day's doings to be described. Tho day .j itself was a glorious ono. Tho' sun blazed ;| away undimmed throughout his courso, and, , barring the dust on tho road, everything was delightful. But dust or no dust, the bulk of the patrons of tho races always will go by tho' road, although tho railway is j available to tako and deliver them by tons ; together, comfortably boxed up ami packed . nway, after travelling the distance in sis or : eight minutes without a jolt. Yet peoplo will go bumping and. jostling and helster- : skeltering by tho road ; up hill, and . down hill, and round cornors ; in buses, ; buggies, waggons, whiskies, Albert cars ant ; shandrydans ; and won't bo mado comfort- : able sliding along in a iiico padded carnage. ; Probably, If you offered to take them to tho course in a moment, on a magic carper, or by a wishing cap, or any other twinKlino j apparatus, they would still hold to their road. In fact, doing the road is part and , parcel of tho day's business with them, ana ; really it is the only part in which there is , any fun. Where's the ;-musement in gow0 j down by a railway train? If yon only g» j in tho spirit which possesses t'«s(l j hunkses who find ' their recreation . of ' ovenintr in attending bmldipg Booioty *,„ tines : that is, ,i£:fho only- oxoitoment which can movoij'ou bo that, of making '... . n0 in the train, anJ sleep tho whole 'iTancc tf you will. But give us the road— However, wo won't st.iv- to arguo tho point, for wo have our trap at tho door, with a noble pair °£ bay* champing their. bits in '^rness to be off. So mount the box, g.vo ,,s° the ribbons, lot pa her head boy, and oil *?- co out of tho channel. Time 12.25, lust enough to got, down comfortably, (icntly now, through the crowd of oibs, with their white awnings, at the i...i' nninn corner. amPthen wo may lot out As wo fall into tho lino, ono of our ,.jy fllio is enthusiastic, dilates upon the benefit of horse racing in tho improve ment of the stock of tho colony. The Bhow of carriage pairs, . hackneys, and even cab i nr-pi he says, onthcroad, ia a credit to us. TtTi'iity years ago you would not soa aliorso in Melbourne that was not ewo-neeked. hist tlien tho Duke of Edinburgh came by driving his four -greys, with Lady Ducano .... tfin box with him, and a crowd of ..cntlenicn upon tho top of tho drag. A rousin' cheor ia given by- tho spoetators along 'tho sides of tho street, which the itoko acknowledges,', though with a little nervousness in bis solicitude after tho team. We keep in his wako, and going down tho hill from tho top of Elizabotn-atroot tho scene becomes lively.. Dust envelopes u9 before and behind, and look iuj cither ono way or the other a crish seems inevitable overy minuto from tho mazy stylo in which tho crowds of vehicles travol about. 'J'horo is a bit of a damming up, a pulling up on tho haunches, aucla 'hay-up thcro!.',at tho tollgato, for not more than two can pass abreast, but once through wo dash, along merrily again, and have plenty of elbow-rooin until wo reach tho racecourse gato. The courao looks magnificently, with tho stand and hill crowded, another euonnouB mass of human beings on tho opposite sido of tho run in, and a tapering lini, nearly half a mile in leugth, of vehicles, curving round from tho grand stand. Tho Duke, with his four-in-hand, diverges from tho ordinary road, and drives au the straight running, followed by gallop in' troopers, amidst hearty cheers. The Govornor, in hu carriages and /our, with postilions in powdered wigs, took tbo samo route a few minutes bofore. Tho road homo was bustling indeed, and partook somewhat of tho nature of a steeple chaso from tho number of casualties. After tho fourth raco, tho stream of vehi cles began to travol uninterruptedly from tho course. The vanguard was composed almost entirely of cabs, tho carriage peonlo being slower in getting, away. So soon as the buses carao in, for tho last race, the scamper redoubled, And as it seemed indis pensable that every Jehu must go at, full . speed wherever ho 'could find an opening, the occurrence and recurrence of jams] and collisions is no wonder. Crash goes a shaft through tho back of a spring van like a picco of brown paper, and jar-r-r go a couplo of wheels together soraowhero else. Of course thero is a chorus of 'Now then, where are you going to?' 'Hold hard!' with divers profane expletives, but as soon as tho deadlock is unravelled, the univorsal 1 cry is—' Fire away !' Tho first vehicle placed hors de combat was tho buggy of a well-known Melbourne solicitor, which bad one of its wheels tiirnod compJLelely inside out by an ingenious stroke, and was hauled off upon tho green by tho side of tho road way, Beforo reaching tho 'gato a cab was observable, off the track, with both it's shafts broken, and just outside a cab horso foil down in tho liurry-worry, tumbling a load of passengers out, but fortu nately hurting nobody. Opposite Barmby's Hotel, an apple ? cart, drawn by a pony, was run into, and a woman knocked overboard. Sho got up covered with, dust, but was not hurt. In the open space, at tho junction of tho Racecourse and FJemington roads, a buggy was lying, completely doubled up; and a little past tho tollgato thero was a horso which had been killed in a collision. It may be imagined that tho work was fast and no mistake. The Melbourne 'Bus Com pany's vohicles woro running all day, and carried something liko 2000 people. THE RAIL Those who cared not 'To dare the danger of the road' — and this section of the community was evidently a large one — wended their way to tho Spencer-street Railway station, where special arrangements had been made for their speedy and safe transport to the Flemington courso. Unlike those who patronised the road, their journey, once commenced, was utterlv uneventful; but then it had the merit of being brief, and, on the whole, not uncomfortable. Yet, after all, there was some excitement in travelling by the rail. There was the glorious scramble at the ticket seller's window, and the delightful uncertainty when, you got there whether you would not be swept away by the impetuous crowd ere you succeeded in obtaining your ticket. This obtained, then came the equally exciting task of obtaining a seat— a work of some little difficulty as the hour of noon drew on. Train followed train in rapid succession, each crowded with its thousands of race goers, and yet the number on the platform seemed scarcely thinned. The arrangements of the department were on the whole capital, and not the slightest hitch occurred in the despatch of the trains the moment they were full. Yet the resources of the department were tasked to their utmost, and were only sufficient to meet the public requirements. Everywhere in the neighborhood of the station things wore an unwonted air of animation. Cabs and private carriages dashed up to the main entrance and deposited their living freights, while unbroken lines of pedestrians from all directions converged towards the Spencer-street terminus, proving that thousands had decided that their trip to Flemingten should be made behind the iron horse. Round the ticket windows there was a scene of bustle and excitement. Here Paterfamilias was struggling to procure tickets for self and olive branches, while an excitable Gaul of diminutive stature was gesticulating wildly in his endeavor to distance his Teutonic neighbor in reaching tho ticket window. Horsey men, and even fair ladies, were to be seen mixed in the struggling crowd, swaying hither and thither to procure that which might have been secured at their ease elsewhere by the exercise of a little forethought. Now for a moment the crowd thinned, and then again it increased; and so, till the afternoon was far advanced, and the Cup race had been run, the changing scene was reproduced. It would be difficult to say whether the passengers or the railway officials evinced the greater amount of excitement. Everywhere there was a crowd of fashionably dressed pleasurers, and everywhere a buzz of excited conversation was heard. Train after train runs in, and in less time than it takes to note a bet, are filled and speeding on their way. Hundreds are left behind, and ere another train is shunted into its place, The platform seems as densely packed as before. As hour by hour passes, thousands are despatched to their destination, "and the cry is still they come." Good humor however prevails everywhere, and in due time all were taken to their destination as rapidly as half a dozen trains could take them. The precautions taken by the department to prevent crowding worked admirably, and it is saying something to the credit of all concerned when it is stated that between 13,000 and 14,000 passengers were carried to the course, without accident, in two brief hours, and that without interfering with the ordinary traffic of the line, which amounted to over 4000 passengers. Of the return journey it is scarcely necessary to speak. All that could be done was done. Those who sought the homeward track early found the arrangements capital; those who left late found the accommodation hardly adequate, while, when the final rush came, it was insufficient. The greatest inconvenience sustained by anyone, however, was a slight detention or an over- crowding into a carriage of an inferior class — insignificant trifles not even to be thought about on a Cup day, especially when there was just a lurking suspicion that, with all the minor drawbacks, those who travelled by rail had rather the best of it as compared with the patrons of the road. THE RACE. On arriving upon the ground wo found *™ m addition to Manuka, Keepsake, and 'rmcr's Daughter, who had boon officially ' cclarcd to bo nou-ntarters, tho pen had ,' ran through the names of Phosphorus, L°tli.3wtcme, and Sheet Anchor j the former two because their owners and trainers wisely considered that they had not tho ghost of a chance ; the latter, it was ru mored* in consequence of some dispute aa to his ownership. The field' was thcreforo re duced to twenty-eight — the largest field that ever started for the Melbourne \Cup, or for any other raco in any portion of Aus tralia. Tho two first raeBWOonly served as whets to the nppotito for the great event of tho day, the: 'easy victory of Romula for tho Maiden Plato having the effect of making Lipdog an even better favorite for tho Cup. Owing to somo mis take tho Railway Stakes was not started until two o'clock, a delay which somewhat diminished the time for saddling and weigh ing tho Cup horses, and gave thoso of tho public who had declined to back their opinion until they saw their favorites Btrip, in order first to make up their minds aud then to get en their money, all their work to do. Mr. Do Mestro's pair, Trump Oard and Tim Whifller, looked tho pieturo of health and condition. Tho big bay was in every respect the finest horse on the ground, aud notwithstanding his finishing weii/ht. his admircra would persist in seeing him and him only iu tho raco. The public wero very sweet upon Trump Card after hia victory in tho Essendon Stakes on Saturday, but the best judges declined to admit that tho running upon that occasion was true, aud maintained that Croydon held all tho Sydney division safe. Mr; Winch was very confident, and told every - ono that his horso was in rare buckle, and barring accidents would repeat hia victory in tho Metropolitan ; that bis severo run on Saturday had done him all tho good iu tho world, and ho would run a great horse. Glencoo looked magnifi cent ; never in his most palmy days did tno gallant chesnut strip bettor, and his con dition showed that Laug has dono wonders during tho last few months. Warrior did not please us. Ho did not scorn short of work, but thoro was a sluggishness about him which could not havo been found a year ago. Lapdog did not look the horso ho turned out to bo, and judging from appear ances ho would not have been backed for a shilling. In privato trials be had done excellent time, but it was generally believed that lie was a rank coward, and that if over collared he would shut up. Pnotor seemed to have im proved upon his Saturday's appearance, but, liko most of tho horses trained in Melbourne, his chances would have been better had the Cup boon run for this day month, Barbello, although ' piuk,' was not fancied, as it was. known that tho stablo money had boon put upon hor companion Barbarian, who, dospito hi3 allogod unsoundness, had a warm and select circle of admirers, Tho utter want of form shown by Pyrrhus made tho usual fol-. lowers .of Mr.. Tait'a stablo pause before they touched either theEarl or Paarl, although' the lattor has improved vory much since)' his last performance in public at Rand wick. Sir William seemed all to pieces, aud tho distanco was too short for poor old Strop, who seems as if timo had dealt gently with him. The Monk's condition was good, but his quality is scarcely of a description. to enable him to repeat his lueky lluko of last year; and tho Flying Dutchman hasooitainly not improved by his visit to Ballarat. Tho judge's orack Sir John ia a groat horso, and his backers were, without any apparent reason, very aweet upon him ; whilo the Duke of Montrose division kept remarkably quiet, perhaps becausothey had a very much better thing iu Nimblofoot, who must have proved a second BandofHopetoBallar.it, and will ; quito retriovo the waning luck of tho metropolitan gold- hold, ralmorston was a picture, but such a fine weight- carrier seems out of place in a handicap. Paddy's Land had a host of partisans (why wo could not disco ver), and Freetrader was not altogether friendless, although his party were not so sanguino as they had been, owing to tho courso being, except in oue small spot, in excellent condition. Valentine was never mentioned after his defeat on Saturday ; and Mischief, although running in Wilson's colors, was knowntobo manypouuds worse than Lapdog. Saladin, Huntsman, and Patience aro useful for suburban and up country meetings, but they did not seem at all at home in tho Cup. Tho preliminary canters made no alteration in public opinion, save that wo did not think Warrior's stylo of going quito^what wo should havo liked ; and peoplo had scarcely settled into their places when tho cry w-.s raised that they wore off. Tho dense crowd was so still that tho dull heavy thud of the horses could plainly be heard as they galloped by — all so well toge ther that it was almost impossible to say which led past tho stand, although Barbello had perhaps a Blight advantage : — 'Thov cima liko tlio rush of tho Smith,™ surf on thu shoros of tho storm bourn! bay. And liko muITled drums on tho sounding turf their lioufstrokcs echoed away.' -...'. But by tho time the old stand was passed, Lapdog, Nimblefoot and Valentine had a decided lead ; Croydon had got through tho ruck, and was full of running; Glencoo had settled .kindly to his work, and Old Tim was beginning to creep up gradually. In a few more scoonds Glencoe had fallen back beaten. The Duke of Montrosowont through his horses, and for a few seconds looked dangerous, and it became quite apparent that Croydon could not got any closer to the light weights. At tho turn to tho straight running, Lapdog aud Nimblofoot had obtained a decided load, which thoy increased cvory stride, and when tho'straight running was reached they wero the only two in the race. Inaide the distanco they wero neck and nock ; at the stand it looked liko a dead heat, but young Day managed to land Nimblefoot a winner by a short head, Valentine third, Croydon fourth, Tim Whiillor fifth, and tho Dnko of Montrose, whose rider had broken bis saddle, and thus lost his chance, if ever ho had any, sixth. The timo was 3 minutes 37 seconds, being the fastest two miles ever run in the colonies. For somo minutes tho greater number of the ppectatora thought it was a dead heat ; but all doubts : were Bet at rest when Bob Hamilton was seen, riding along side Nimblefoot, and his number was put up on tho telegraph. The winnor, who was ridden with crape, was the property of tho late Mr Craig, who bought him in 18CG from Joe Thompson, tho well-known bookmaker, who had purchased him in Launccston, immediately after tho Champion Kaces. and entored him year after year for all the great ovonts with almost unvarying ill success. Nimblefoot is by Panic, who ran second for the Cup in Toryboy's year, out of Quickstep, one of the competitors in the first Champion Race over run in Australia. THE COURSE. But, road or rail, whichever was selected as tho means of transit to tho courso, was at best but a means to tho end ; and the excite ment and iucidonts connected with tho jour ney by either, served but as preludes to the anticipated Bport. It was on the course thst the enjoyment of the day was contred, and all else served but to whilo away the tedium of the timo till that desired goal was reached. Betimes the ' thronging thousands' pouring . a frwi all directions told thnt tho meeting would be tho best attended which had been held for yoars ; but it was not till approach ing tho timo for the starting of tho first raco that any adequato idea could be gathered of the truo magnitude of tho vast assemblage which thronged overy portion of the course to witness tho groat national raco of the year. Indoed, even then it was difficult, except from very exceptional posi tions, to obtain a general idea of tho immense concourse. In many situations tho imme diate crowd was so donso that it was imjos siblo to estimate its numerical strength, while in other cases only a portion of tho courso was iu sight. There was one spot, however, where a general view could be obtained, and where all the de tails wero at onco grasped by tho mind, and contemplated as one magnificent whole. Away on the banks of thj Saltwater River, down among the small boys and ragged roughs who had located themselves in this spot, known familiarly as ' the river turn,' was tho spot referred to. Standing hero, away from the more reputable portions of tho gathering, the whole scone appeared like a vast panoramic picture before the eyo of the gazer, who, if of an at all susceptible disposition, must havo felt his spirits exhi larated at the mere sight. In tho immediate foreground of the picture, which was such as would havo delighted the heart of Frith, were tho assembled thousands who affect 'tho Course.' To speak of them as a crowd would bo incorrect ; they formed a series of crowds, the margin of ono just impinging on that of tho noxt. Liko all Victorian gatherings of the kind, it was conspicuous for being a well dressed, orderly (assemblage, fully. bent on enjoying the sport, and thoroughly knowing how to do so. An ovor changing mass of Dright colors and a moving sea of hoads' indicated to tho eye tho' bounds of tho upper side of tho courso aud tbo lino of the 'inner running,' whilo tho whito picket fence . beyond defined the , bounds ', of tho reserves.. Boyoml tho courso tho grand stand and lawn, crowded with their fair occupants, shone out liko a garden of llowera of therarest hues : liko a bright, a precious gem, set in a worthy setting. At tho distanco individualities woro merged into generalities, and this por tion of tbo courso with its ever changing play of form and culor, impartod n constant animation, to the whole. To tho left the busy scene iui tho saddling paddock engaged the eyo and attention, while, to tho right tho bustle and excitement of tho carriage resorve fairly balanced tho picture. StiU further right, the gleaming canvas of the booths of tho outer paddock served as a background against which the thousands there assembled stood out in bold relief, whilo be yond tho eyo becamo lost in tho vast assemblage of carts aud vehicles of overy degree, from the omnibus down to tho prison van, which obtruded its hateful presenco prominently iu a portion of tho picture, whero its absence would have been prufer ablo. Away Btill further right (where the gleaming spires of tho city against a summer sky formed a splendid back-ground, ' and brought tho air of calm roposo into imme diate contra-t with the busy sceno be foro), tho road was marked by an unbroken lino of vehicles and pedestrians all pouring in one direction. Above, tho busy stir of arriving ' and departing trains arrested the attention for an inBtant, and then tho eye swept towards the loft again. Tho outer hill seemed black with tho moving mass. Tho upper stand appeared at the distance a confused sea of faces; and above all, tho hill towered up, a Very pyramid of human heads ; so deusely was the crowd packed that scarce a body could bo seen. As a whole, tho sight was grand ; whilo tho murmur of conversation from the :im:_ mense concourse swept towards the river, striking the enr liko the roar of distant waves dashing on a rocky shoro. 'Such was tho sceno as observed from the' rivfcr. ' . '''? : THE LA.WN. '' ! '«? Of all the conoontratod' attractions of tho lawn, or at least its fair occupants, who. shall speak ? Shall '' superlatives bo piled upon 'superlatives, till comparison sickona at. tho task,' in praise of tKo as sembled beauty, youth, and fashion of, the southern metropolis, or Bhall the task bo abandoned ? It would be paying the : fair patrons of tho turf but poor homage to their charms to meanly shrink from j tho obvious duty of chronicling their triumphs. Therefore, conscious of tho impossibility of doing them substantial justice, an attempt, at least, must bo made. Tho lawn aud stand never on any previous oc casion presented . so brilliant an assemblage. Tho fair box predominated, and added beauty to tho scono by the gay hues of their spring toilets. Of tho triumphs of tho milliner's and modiste's art which woro achieved, who can speak with becoming confidence? Sufficient to say, whito was the prevailing color, pink and blue also boinj» well repre sented in silks. As to the styles ignorance must bo pleaded, but ono thing in certain that, whatever they might bo, they became their fair wearers to admiration. To this add tho bright smiles, the animated conver sations, delightful promenades, innocent flirtations, and tho hundred othor little etceteras which go to form some of tho chief attractions of tho lawn and the ladies' Btand, and tho materials of a very nnimated scone are brought into a focus. It was delightful to witness tho interest raani festod by tho ladies in tho result !of tho races, and tho innocent way in which they staked gloves and handkerchiofB on their favorites, often for no bettor reason than that they admired tho celor of tho rider, nis Excelloney's box was occupied by H. R. H. Prince Alfred, his Excellency tho Governor, and Lady and Miss Manners Sutton, his Excellency Go vernor Ducano and lady, aud their respec tive suites. Baron Joohmus was also present during the day. THE SADDLING PADDOCK. Tho . saddling paddock was, as usual on Cup days, tho centre point of attraction with tho frequenters of tho grand stand, and, it is almost superfluous to say, was crowdod. Tho. notico boards wore anxiously' watched lest somo favorito should bo scratched, and when the saddling bells gavo their whrning tinkle of preparation, thero was a general movoraado in the direction . of the boxes of the favorites. Tho ring was present in force, but on the whole not demonstra tive according to its wont, and the individual that wanted to- 'lay agin ovory thing, bar nothing' was almost non est. On tho othor side of the lawn tho carriago paddock was densely packed with vehicles of every degree, from the four-in-hand to tho ponychaise. The number of carriages exceeded any provious meeting, oxcent the ' Prince's. Day,' showing that tho fashion of drivins down in (rood old stvla ia onco more coming into vogue. Of tho: ani mation observable :in this part of tho ground there is little to bo said, ex cept that when the company adjourned for lunch, carriago picnics wero more numerous than they have been latterly. ,;.:_--: '. THE HILL. '..; ; On tho hill the scene so oft desbribed before was repeated on a grander scale. Thero' was tho usual ready 'enjoy ment and hearty fun which is tho characteristic of the placo. There wero betting tablos in abundance, and a very, plethora of drinking booths and itinerant shows. Punch and Judy courted 'public patronage, and a 'Sablo band of Ethiopia Brothers,' as they designated themselves, discoursed questionable harmony, but didn't seem to find it pay. An enterprising proprie tor of a shooting gallery had set up his establishment, and, jumping with tho times, surmounted tho wholo with the Prussian eagle, but it didn't go down. The gentlo public had come to enjoy racing, and wero bent on nothing elso. Though the as semblage on tho hill numbered between 15,000 and; 10,000 persons, thero was little or no drunkenness, and very few cases of any sort requiring tho intervention of the police. A. few individuals were nan ded over to the tender mercies of the authorities for giving effoct to their predilections for games not accounted honest, but, boyond this and some pocket-picking, thero was no crime reported. THE OUTER PADDOCK. For robust jollity and a tletermined in tention to enjoy tho racing on its merits, commend us to tho frequenters of the courso — the rough-and-ready sort, who know something about a horso, and liko to see him go. True, their patronage of tha noble sport is humble, but then if they do nothing else they support the national pastime by according it their presence, and vociferously cheering the winner who ever he may bo. The attendance yesterday on this part of tho courso must havo numbered something like 10,000 persons, l'ar away towards the abattoirs a dense crowd marked the lino of tho course, whilo in tho noigf borhood of tho winning-post one of the largeBt assemblages ever seen on the course was massed in a compact crowd. Even the two trees which remain in the centro of the courso were tenanted with their scores of anxious spectators, whilo tho fences and hurdles provided Beat accommodation for hundreds of others. Capital order ' was kept during tho day. THE RUNNING. Maiden Plato.— A sweopstakes of flsovs. each, with 150 sovs. added. For 3 yrs. old, 7st.;4 yrs., 9 st. ; 5 yrs., 9 st. 8 lb., 6 yrs. and aged, y st. 10 lb. One mile and a half. Mr. J. Wilson'a h. f. Romula; 3 jtj., by New . Warrior, 0 at. 9 lb ? (Wilson, jun.) 1 Mr. H. Phillips'u hr. f. Fawn, 3 jra., 0 st. I) lb. ? -.; ? (STInnes) 2 Mr. J. Arthur's b. f. Truo Bluo, 3 yrs., 0 Bt. 9 lb. ? (Day) 3 Mr. J. Clccland s b. ia. Bribery, 3 yrs., O it. 9 lb. ? ? (Boll) 0 Mr. F. Ucnty's br. or bl. t. Jewess, Syrs., 0 bt. 9 1b ? fT. Enderson) 0 Mr. J. Bum's cli. ff. Normandy (lato Nightwalkor), i jts., S st. 11 lb ? (Pierce) 0 Mr. J. D. Whitehead's b. h. Prattler, nuod, 9 st. 10 lb ? (Wlntchcad, jun.) C Mr. C. Clark's b. g. Toppor, 4 yrs., 8 st. 11 lb. ? (Blashforri) 0 Dr. Batho's ch. c. Roland Arenol, 3 yrs., 7 st. - ? (Carey) 0 Mr. J. TiiU'd b. o. Pyrrhua (Into Kelso), 3 yrs., 7 it. ? (il. Lewis) 0 Mr. O. Watson's gr. t. Hoyden, 3 jrs., 0 st. 9 lb. ? - ? (L.vo) 0 Betting : Even and 0 to 4 on Pyrrhus ; 2 to 1 against Romula. True Blue was very fractious at the start, giving both her rider nud tho starter some very unnecessary I trouble, and as usual losing considerably by her antics, but 'when tho lot woro fairly under way, Pyrrhus was in tho vanguard, with Topper, Jowess and Bribery, tho rear being brought up by Romula, . Tho Fawn and Hoyden. On the river side Bribery took chargo of affairs, with Pyrrhus, Jen-ess and Topper. At tho same iima Tho Fawn was scon creeping up, and before leaving the river : was filth, Romula being in r*1s\an ? nrnvirnif -T ' . Aft f.lirt ' idlcl flkiiTKl Jewess ran into the second place, and almost immediately aftqrwarde Tho Fawn becamo third. When approaching the abat: toirs Romula emerged from her seclusion, and Boon was soon on Tho Fawn's quarters. Tho lot then passed tho sheds, and for a few moments tho leading Horses closed, wjien black jacket and white cap wero observed coming to the- foro on the outside, and shortly after . Romula had a clear lead, Bribery being [se cond, Jewess third, and Pyrrhus fourth. Bribery then fell back, na also did the Jewess. On rounding the last turn The Fawn made an effort to reach. Romula, but failed to got beyond hor girths, - Pyrrhus, . Bribery, Jewess, and True Blue being toge ther. Tho raco was now .virtually over, Romula galloping in a clever winner, followed by Tho Fawn, Truo Bluo, and Pyrrhus, Bri bery being fifth Jewess sixth, and Hoy den seventh. Time, 2 min. 49 sec. Railway Stakes.— A sweepstakes of 5 soys.. each, with 100 sovs added;. For 3 yts.iold, 7 si. 3 lh ? A vm.. nut. ; 5 vrs. 9 st.'71b. ? 6 vra. and aged, 9 st. 9 lb. Winucr of any raoo of) the' value of 100 sovs. to. carry 7 lb.-extra ;of two or more' such races, 14 lb. extra.'1 Ono liile and a quarter. .... ? ,'r '''''' j Hr. A.' Toams's b. f. Amethyst,, 3 yrs , by-NoW W*rribr 7. st. II lb. (Iricludlaj; 13 lb. ovor)f ? ..„?'......;..;...:: ? (Ooo K»ne) 1. Mr. J. R. Harper's l-r. t. Foam, 4 yrs., 8 st. 9 lb. ? ,,;... ..,........?..'. ? (Blnshford) 2 Mr, H. Kett's br. or bl. g. Wisdom, aged, 9 Bt. 0 lb. . -.. ? ...; ? .'....:;... ............ '(Sullivan). 8 Mr. W. Fleld'o b. mi Miss Wilklhs, 6 yrs.; 9 *t\ 2 lb. ..?..?..?..?.:..?.........-?..?...... ? (Carter) 0 Mr. J. Thomas's gr. m. Cousin Jenny, 6 yrs., 0 st. 2 lb ? ;.........'.. ? ...(41 Kenzlc) 0 If- v rn-- c.t.*., I,- ?,. fti-nimn ' K irra ? O oT- Old . — ? .'............... ....,'...,. ? (Button) 'iO Mr. J.Coldham's b. g. Hori2on,:flyrs.,:9 nCO'lb. ? '..':/;:. .....;;....,....?.? ? (Urowi.)' 0 Mr. L. Sararan's b. g. Doubtful, 3 yra., 7at. - ?:?„';,'.; ? (Hubb«rtV 0 Mr/ H. Phlllips'a b. g. Panorama, 8 yrs., 7st . .(Day) 0 Bettine : 3 to 2: bn Amethvat wanted. Cousin Jenny and Doubtful started to inako the running, and at the old stand wore joined by Miss Wilkins, between which jand tho abattoirs Orphan also uiado one of tho party, Cousin Jenny falling back. Amethyst then, moved forward and had very soon es tablished a clear lead, and although running as wide and unkindly as it was possible for hor to do, it was patent to everybody tnat she must win. At tho last turn she ran nearly ovor to the off sido of tho courso,; and had sho been steered by a lad, as on Satur day last, Bho must havo lost the race, ! but Kane stuck to her and finished under the judge's box, Foam passing the others in the run homo and comiug in second, with Wis dom third. Time, 2 min. 19 sec. ,, , j ? Meldoehnb Cup. — A sweepstakes of JiOsovs. each, 10 ft. ; or 5 if declared, with 800 sovs. added. Tho winner of any handicap of the valuo of 100 sovs., after tho declaration of the weights, to carry 3 lb. extra ; if two or more such races, 5 lb. extra. The second horso to receive 50 s,ovs.,' and tho third to save his stake. Two miles., , Mr. W. Craig's b. c. Nimblofoot, , a?ed, by Panic, 0 tt. 3 lb.. (including 8 lb. penalty) ? '. . .(Day) 1 1F_' T nlll-A*i'a Yiv » I nivlnir ft -Ufa 1 uf ? ;...... ? ; ? ....(VVIUon, jun.) 2 Mr. II. Bowler's b. g. Valentino, 5 yrs. 0 i,t. 4 lb. .;..................... ? (H. Howard) 3 Mr. E. Do Mestro'a b. h. Tim Whiillor, aged, 108t. ? .........;.......;... (Donnelly) 0 Mr. T. Bailoy's c. h. Qloncoe, 0 yrs., 9 st. 12 lb. ? '...... ? ..;(Lang) 0 Mr. A. Saqui'9 b. g. Warrior,, aged, 1) st. ; ? .............i.;;.. (Morrison) 0 Mr. P. Lewis's b. h.' Prtctor,'' 5 yra.', -' 8 nt. 4 lb. ? (Yeoman) 0 Mr. E. Leo's eh; m. Barbolle, 6 yrs, 8 st. 4 lb. ? ??. ? ; ? ..'....,......?.;?. ? fCollovl 0 Mr. J.Talt'a ch. h. Tho Earl, 6 yrs, S st. (Stanley) 0 Mr. J. Clooland'a b. g. Milesian, aged, 7 »t. 12 lb. ? , ? i(T.Endorson) 0 Mr. F. Henty's bl. h. Tho Monk, O.yru., 7 St. 12 lb. ' ? .......; ? (Addorlev) 0 Mr. W. Field's , b. g. Strop, nged; 7 tt. 12; lb. ? ..............'...?.... (Cartor) 0 Mr. E. Leo's bl. h. Barbarian, 4 yrs., 7 St. 10 lb. ? (S. D^vis) 9 Mr. W. 'Winch's br. c' Croydon, 4 yrs.; 1 at. 10 lb. (inoludlngS lb. penalty) ? ...(T. Brown): 0 Mr. A. Towns'sbr. h. Sir William, 5 yra., 7 st. 9 lb. ? .......?.'........;:...:..'. (Kane) 0 Mr. 0. AcUms's oh. h. Trump. Card, 5 yrs.',- 7 st. ? 6 1b. (including 31b. penalty)... ? . v.(Atkln») 9 Mr. J; Tail's b. c Tho Poarl, lato Ida colt, 4 yrs , 7 St. 4 lb... ? .'. ..(H. Lowis) ' 0 Mr.— GhaaOo ns. b. h. Sir John, nged, 7st. 21b. ..............:....... ? ..; ? (Green) 9 Mr. Jno. Ilainics'B br. h. Flying Dutchman, 6 yra , 7Bt ? .-...' ? ......:... ? .JL (Boll) 9 Mr. E. Leo's b. c. Partisan, 4 jw,1, 6 st; 10 lb. ? (;. ? ...'.;,....'....;. (Lomon) 9 0 st. 91b... ? '. — . . '.?.' (RmnoJ 0 ?Mr.-J. Wllsen's br. m. Mischief, 6yrs., O.st. 6 lb. . ..'......„ ? .....,...'.... ....:;'. ;;.(Dour!to) 0 -Mr. h. Sararan's oh.-g. Freetrader, 0 yrs., « st.' 41b. ? V(Sirallo») 0 Mr. S. Waldoek us. br. h. Pilmerston. 0 yrs., 0 st. 21b ? (W. Kndcrson) 0 Mr. II. Oamblo's br. h. Paddy's Land, aged, Cst. ? .' ? (Sherringhara) 9 Mr. II. Kott's gr. g. Huntsman,. 6 yrs., I) st. ,: . Mr. i. E, Crook's gr. g. Saladin, 0 yrs., 5 kt. 10 lb. .?........;;....?..............:...... ..|(Ewart) 0 Mr. n. J. Harper's br. m. Pationco, 0 yrs., 6 st. 7 lb. ? ........'.'. .. ..(Ohalkor) 9 Betting : 5 to 1 Trump Card, 5 to 1 Lap dog, 6 to 1 Warrior, 7 to 1 Tim Whiffler, 8 to 1 Croydon, 10 to 1 Nimblefoot, 12 to 1 Barbarian, 14 to 1 Sir John, 20. to ljValen tine, 20 to 1 Milesian. Twenty-eight horses came to tho post, aiftl,' considering1 tho num ber, gave tho starter' but littlo trouble. When they wero .onco fairly in1 view, Barbelle hold a slight lead, with Sir John, Pnotor, Valentino, and tho Duke of Mon trose, Croydon being in the i centre, and iu this way, liko a chargo of cavalry, did they pass the grand stand, whon tho second and third last hprses wern recog nisablo in Warrior and Tim ? Whiffler. Up the river side Barbolle still held the sway, tho ? Duke of Moritfoso pressing hor closely, with' .Sir 'Joha,-.. Sir - William and'. Croydon immediately behind, who in turn were succeeded by Valentine, The Pearl, Prajtor, Gltiucoo, 'Trump Card, and Barbarian, Lapdog and Nimblefoot as yet remaining with the ruck. In this way the lot ran to tho old grand stand, where Prtetor, the Duke of Montrose and the two Baronets wero beaten. Between hero and the abattoirs Orloncoos colors woro borne con spicuously in tho f f ont rank, whilst The Pearl also mado an offort to reach the leaders, and was occupying a good position. It was horo that Nimblefoot bogan to move forwards, and Lapdog might bo discerned p assing various beaten horses, Tim Whif iler at the time being about eighth in the race; tho only favorito who had not succeeded in parting with tho ruck being Trump Card, who was already out of the race. Barbello had resigned the lead before tho abattoirs wero passed, and on leaving tho sheds some half dozen horses alone appeared to be left in tho raco. At tho half mile post Nimblofoot went to tho front and Gloncoo dropped back. Lapdog also put on extra pressuro and took second place, Glencoo and Valentino being noxt together. Then came Croydon, while Tim Whifller was rapidly coming up. Rounding tho last turn Lapdog got on torms with Nimblofoot and held a trifl ing lead for a fow ; yards, when the pair set to work together and raced home head and head, clean away from the rest of the field, Nimblefoot being doclared tho win ner by a short head, after a most determined finish, Valentino a bad third, somo four length i away, Croydon finishing fourth, about half a length beforo Tim Whifller, (rlencoe cantering in noxt two lengths from Tim. Time, 3 min. 37 aec. i Hurdle IUce. — A Handicap Sweepstakes of 7 sovs. each, h. ft., with 150 sovs. added: About three miles. . . .:.'.. : ? Mr. E. Jellett's ch.g. Hotspur, aged by Obscurity, 8 St. 101b ? :...... ? .-.(Walters) 1 Mr. J. J. Mlllcr'a b. g. Middy Ashoro, 5 yra., 8st. 8 lb ? (Love) 2 sac. ±. r. XiL'kj^o a u. g. i-uuiujtii, ii^bu, iu ui*. o tu. ? (M(Kiminy) 3 Mr. A. Siqul's b. m, Kaled, agod, 10 st. 4 lb. ?;. ., . . ? ? ? .....;..... ? (Houdorson) 0 Mr. E. Jellott's b. m. Fair Nell, aged, 10 «t ? ..;....:....;...........„.. ? (Chifney) 0 Mr. J. : Brown's gr. g. Yorkshlreman, aged, 10 s. ? :......... ? :.... ? (Mason) 0 Mr. J. Brown's br. g. Eoyston, aged, Bs-.. 12 1b. ? .,' ? (Brcon) 0 Sir. J. Brown's b. g. Standard Bearer, nged. Out. 10 lb.....; ? (drey) 0 Mr. A. Baqui's b.'m. Mold of tho Mist, aged, 0 st. 8 lb. ? (Whitelicail) 0 Mr. T. J. Hyan's b. g. Cupbearer, agjd, 3 st. 8 lb. ? (Ua.\ fnriU fl Mr. S. Cole's b. g. Valentino, aged, fl st. (lib ? ? (Uiirding) 0 Mr. C. J. Burrough'a (rr. g. Vulcau, aged. Use -1 lb. ? (Du Frocn) 0 Mr. F. Decimal's b. g. Duke of Atnol, aged, (I bt. ? ...;.. (C. Bishop) 0 Mr. F. l'oolo's b. orbr. m. Miss. Morris, ugexl, 0 st. ? (Uomcr) 0 Mr. J. Farmer's gr. g. Planet, 0 yra.. 8s'. 10 lb. ? ;....(Uutton) 0 Mr. J. Qriirin'sb. g. Shamrock, aged, 8 st. 7 lb ? ? (Griffin) 0 Betting : 3 to 1 agst. Itoystou, 4 to 1 agat. Miss Morris, 5 to 1 Potatoes ; the winner never mentioned ; 20 to 1 could havo been obtained. All got ovor tho first ilight of hurdles in safety, except Cupbearer, who declined them altogother. Old Yorkshire man, with Planet,' -then went ahead, but soon resigned to Vulcan, with Hot spur second. Thero was but little al teration in the running tho first time round, Vulcan loading into tho straight and' past tho stand tho second time, PI nnot, Hotspur, Middy Ashore and Kalod being the next in order, with Itoys ton heading the ruck, in which was Miss Morris and Potatoes. On tho river side Planet fell back beaten, aud Koystori became fourth, while Potatoes cleared him self of tho ruck and joined tho loading division. After passing the abattoirs It'jyston wont to the front, aud his backers thought all was over — Middy Ashore next, Potatoes third, and Hotspur fourth, with nothing else left in the raco ; but bo foro roundinc the last turn Hotspur took the load, was never agaiu headed, aud won very cleverly, Middy Ashore being second, Potatoes third, and Itoystou a bad fourth. Timo, G min. ? ' ThkDarlingStakks. — A S wecpstakos of !- so va. each, with 100 bov9. added. For 3 yrs., 7 St.; 4 yrs., 9 st.; 5 yrs., .9,.st. 8 lb. ; 6 yra. and aged, 9 st. 10 lb. ' One mile and; a half. . The winner to bo sold for,200 sovs. ' '-'''?? Mr. W.' Winch's br. g. Tho Dano, 6 yrs., by Kelpio, 9ct. 6 1b. .;... ? .- ? (T. Brown). 1 Mr. J. Morrison's bU b. Blondin, aged, U st. 10 lb. .......;...:... ? .'. ? (Morrison) 2 Mr. T. Balloy.'s. b. g Triumph, »god, 9 st..,71n. ' ? (Lang) 3 Mr.: K. Jellett's ch. g, Doctor, Syrs.. »st -7 10. ? ;;...... ? (\Valt«rs)~0 ur, .uatne s o. c mi; ci-ur, o yra., / hi,. .. iijuiu.vj u Mr. J. Talt'»ch. o, Dotectivo, 4 yrs., 9 i-t. (Stanley) ? 0 Mr. S. Cox's br. g. Blockings, agod, 0 st, 7 lh. ? ;.... ? (Du Frocq) 0 Mr. J.'H.Grook'.brni. Prima Donna, fiyr.i.,9sc. ' 3 lb ? j.. ? ..(Winter), 0 ? Betting : .5 to 4 agst. Tho Dane, 5 to 2 agst. Detective, 3 to 1 agst. Blondiu. Blondin forced the running, followed by Triumph, Detective, Tho Flyor, and. Doctor, Tho Dane laying off. When half the distancehad been run, The Dano drew forward, and at the last turn challenged and defeated Blondin, run ning home an oasy winner by two length?, Triumph, Doctor, Detective, and Prima Donna passing the post in the order given. Time, 2 mil). 50 sec. ' ; : . , The following is tho programme of - tho' events which come off to-day : — ! THIRD DAY.-FRIDAY, ]liii NOVEMBER. The Rotai, Park Stakes.— A sweepstakes of 10 sovb. each, with 150 soys, added.- For 3 yrs. ow, ost. j.u id.; i yrs., u st.; a yrs., a st. a id.; 6 yrs. and aged, 0 st. 12 lb. Two miles. Mr. \V. Field's b. g. Strop, nged Mr. T. Bailey's ch. h. Gloncoo, 0 yra. Mr. A. Saqul's b. g. Warrior, ngeil i Mr. E. Do Mestro1* b. h. Tim Whlfflor, aged Mr. E. Do Mostro's ch. h. Trump Card, 5 yrs. Tue Fltiho, Stakes. — A sweopstakes of 5 sora. each, with 50 sovs. added. For 'I yrs. old, 5 st. 2 lb. ; 3 yrs., 7 st. 0.1b.; 4 yrs., 9 st. ; 5, 0,! and aged, 9 st. 6 lb. Three-quarters of a mile. ; i Mr. J: Thomas's gr. m. Cousin Jenny, 6 yrs. ( Mr. A.' Townn's b. I. Amethyst, 3 yrs. - j Mr.F. Tozir'a br. m. Orphan, 5 yrs. ? Mr. A. SaqulV) b. or br. h. Misty Morn, 4yrs. Dr. Bathos's ch c lloland Avo'nel, 3 yrs. i Mr. J. Wilson's b. t. Romula, 3 yrs. j Mr. U Sararan's ch. t. Minnia Warren, 2 yrs. j ., Mr. P. LowU'sbr. f. La Fayt:Ita,.2 yn. ? Mr. L. Uhdo'n b. h. Arsylo, is yrs. Mr. K. Leo's ch; m. Barbello, S yra. BP1UN0 HANDICAP. — A. SiveepsUlKeS OC / BOVS. each, h.ft., with 150 sovs. added. For 3 years old and upwards. Ono mile and a quarter. st.lb. Mr. J. Cleoland's br. g. Mil s'an, aged. ? 8 12 Mr. Towns'* br. h. Sir William, 5 jn ? .-; .. .. ' 8 12 Mr. P. Lewis's b. b. Pnotor, S yrs ? ? .. .'. ' 8 12 Mr. J. Tait's .-h. h. Earl, 5 yrs. ................ 8 8 Mr. E. Do Mestra's ch. h. Trump Card, 5 yrs. . . 8 8 Mr. F. Henty's br. or bl. h. Tho M ,nk, 0 yra. ..80 Mr. Gllbort's b. ff. Lapdog, aged ? 7 10 Mr. J. Morrison's bl. h. Blondin, ngoa ? 7 Id jar. -J. luib a u. 11. xuu ruuri, 4 yra ? / iu Mr. A. Saqul's b. orbr. h. Misty Morn/ 4 yre. .. 7 7 Mr. H. Bowlor'a b. g. Valentino, G yra. .,-...... 7 3 Mr.J. Chaaffo's ch. h. Rawdon, 6 yra ? 7 3 Mr. J. Brown's b. g. Shamrock, aged (lato . Bantam, Brammy, and Columbus) ? 7 0 Mr. II. Kett's lt. g. Huntsman, 5 yrs ? ? 7 0 Mr. 8. Waldoek ns br. h. Pulmerston, 0 yra ? 7 0 Mr. C. James's br. m. Fanner's Daughter, 6 yra. 7 0 Mr. J. Tait'rt b. t. Florence 3 yrs ? 7 0 Mr. H. Gnmblf's br. h. Paddy's Land, aged .... 6 12 Mr. Douglas's br. h. Cothorstono, nged ........ 012 Mr. T. Bailey's b. g. Nlmblof oot, aged ? i 0 12 Mr. W. Fitiiu'a b. in. Miss Wilkina, 6 yrs. .....J 010 Mr. II,' Knit's br. or blk. g. Wisdom, aged.. ;.'., _0 10 Mr. II. Gamble's br. h. Saxby, -god ? '.'. fl 10 Mr. C. Clark's br. m. Sliss Coristanco, Syis...., 0 10 Mr.-W Winch's br. c. Endeavor, 3 yn ? fl 10 Mr. S. Thompson's oh. h. Sheet Anchor, 0 yrs. , O 8 Mr. A. Baqui's ch. m. Kato Dalrymple, 4 yrs ? O 8 Mr. J. Cold, hum's b. m. Aurora, nged ? ; fl 8 Mr. J. Brown's br. g. Dolo, aged ? ; 0 5 Mr. H. Gallagher's b. m. Lily (lato Shamrock), agod ? 0 0 Mr. W. Robinson's b. c. Prontieo Bay (lato Judy colt), 4 yrs ? 0 0 Mr. J. B. Harper's br. m. Patlenco, 0 yrs ? 0 0 Corinthian Cop. — A pieco of plate, valuo 5C sovs., with a handicap sweepstakes o£ 7 sovs. each, h. ft., and SO sovs. addoi. Ono milo and a half and a distanco. To bo ridden by members or honorary members of tho Victoria Racing Club.' st. lb. Mr. S. Waldock ns. br. h. Palmereton, 6 yrs.. ... 12 , 0 Mr. Jj. Pararan's ch. g. Freetrader, fl yrs ? 11 10 Mr. T. J. Ryan's b. g. Cupbcaror, ngedj ? 11-10 Mr. J. Coldham's b. g. Horizon, 0 yrs. ,:.'..... H 10 Mr. P. Lewis's b. h. Phosphorus, «»ed..'. ? 11 10 Mr. W. Winch's br. g. Tho Dano, S yrs ? 11 10 Mr. H. Gamble's br. h. Paddy's Land, aged .... It ? 7 Mr. F. Decimal's b. g. Duko of Athol, aged .. ..? 11 7 Mr. J. Morrison's blk. h. Blondin, aged ? 11 7 Mr. J. Tait's ch. h. Dotective, 4 yrs ? 11 2 Mr. J. Tali's b. o. Pyrrhua (late Kolso), 3 yrs. . . 10 5 Mr, A. Towns's b. t Amotbyst, 3 yra ? 10 0 Handicap. for Foub-yrs. Old. — A Bweepstakes of 10. sovs. each, h. ft., with 100 sovs. added. For f our-yrs. old. Two milns. , . . st. lb. Mr. E. Loo's blk. h. Barbarian, i yrs ? 0 0 Mr. W.'.WInch's b. h. Croydon, i yrs ? ';?.... 8 12 Mr.J.Talfsb.h.ThoPearl,4yr-t........ ? 8 0 Mr. E. Do Mestre ns. b. h. Partisan, 4 yrs. .... 7 10 Mr. D. MaoKcnzio'e b. g. Orlando, 4 yrs. ....... 0 7 Mr. J. R. Harper's br. m. Foam, 4 yrs ? O fi Mr. E. Twomey's b. m. Mermaid, & yrs. , ? 0 2 Plate op £100— For 2 yrs. old, 5 st. 9 lb. ; 3 yra.. 7 st. 12 lb.; 4 yrs., 9 st.; 5, 0j and aged,., 9 st. 2 lb. Winner to bo sold for 100 sovs. Half a mile. ? Entrance, 1 sbv. each. \ ' Mr. II. Branlgan's b. m. Penelope, 4 yra. Mr. W. Whelau's b. e. Austral, aged Mr. A. M'Donald'a b7g. Playboy (lato Cruiskoen), Oyrs. ' . . Mr. J. Clovoland's b. g. Ohcngls Khan, 4 yrs. Mr. J. R. Crooke's br, m. Prima Douna, 5 yra. Sir. W. Johnston's b. h Prlnco Alfred, aged Mr. T. Evans's ch. g. Vagabond, aged . Mr. J. Morrison's blk. h. Blondin, aged : Mr. J. Morrison's b. ir. Albany, aged , Mr. J. Burn's ch. g. Normandy (latoNlghtwalker), 4yra. Mr. V. Tozor'a br. m. Orphan, Oyrs. Mr. S, Thompson's gr. cr. Proteet'on, aged Mr. L. Sararan's b. c. Melancholy Jaquos, 4 yrs. . , ? Mr. A. Saqui's b. m. Maid ui tho Mist, aged BIr. O. Clark's b. g. Koowcorup, K yrs. ; Mr. II. Gallagher^ b. m. Lily (lato Shamrock), aged ' - ! - : i ? . , ' Dr. Batho's b. c. Tho Flyer; 3 yra. . , Jlr. J, Coldham's b. g. Horizon, 8 yrs. : Mr. J. Arthur's br. ui. Pandora, 0 yrs. i Mr. J. Tatt's ch. c. Detective, 4 yrs. Jlr. W. Robinson's b. c. Prentlco Boy (htf o Juay. colt) . ??'?'.'? Mr. E J. Tucker's br. m. C.wlnella, 0 yrs. ??Jlr. H. Phllllps's b. g. Panorama, 3 yrs. Mr; P. Lowis's b. h. Phosphorus, atfrd ' r Mr. — Bailey's b. jr. Dolphin, aged Mr. T. Gordon ns. b. g., Yeomin, i yrs. Mr. D M'Konzie's b. g. Orlando, 4 yrs. ' Jlr. J. R. Harper's br. g. Delhi, aged, (late Hain llr. W. Winch's br. g. Tho Dano, 5 yrs. - Jlr. S. Wildock's b. c. Athclstano,' 3 yrs. Mr. S. Waldock'a br. c. Tho Laird, 3 yrs: 