PUNCH'S POLITICAL VALENTINE. Once more in Parliament Council assembled, Sages and senators, welcome again ; Punch bids you hail, (with a grin half dissembled), Patres conscript)., ye monarchs of men ! Gentlemen, patriots, scholars, et cetera, Of courtesy, wisdom — hem ! here let us pause — Punch only hopes you'll do better and betterer, Mending your manners as well as the laws. Work is before you, go at it like true men, Cease all your wretched contentions and brawls ; Seniors or sucking cubs, old hands or new men, Stick to your duty, or look out for squalls ; Punch has his eye on you, sparkling with raillery, Punch the avenger, the dread of the Bunch ; He's got his old corner seat in the gallery, And brings there his baton as well as his hunch. There are some you're well quit of, their loss won't affect us, Old querulous Betsy is laid on the shelf ; Johnny Stewart's at work at his Latin Delectus, In hopes that some day he'll know Latin itself ; And " Jock's" come to grief, let us wish him well over it, Punch never hits hard at a man who is down ; Tho' he's now lost his place he may live to recover it, And still do good service to country and town. There's Piddington still at his endless statistics, Asking all sorts of questions on all sorts of things ; Punch is half in the humor to quarrel with his tricks, When in earnest he brings down his cudgel, it stings. Ah, David ! I see you, my Fenian debater, Of that little game you have now made the most ; Let's have done both with that and the Kiama spectre, Punch says it's high time that you laid the poor ghost. Farewell, Doctor, the Nestor of Parliamentarians, You have told some sound truth, and will find that it spreads, And may yet prove a scourge to the outer barbarians, Who are much more conversant with hoofs than with heads ; And Sir James, tho' you're beat, never think a disgrace of it, As all can't be leaders, why some must be led ; You and Parkes did your best, and you made a good race of it, But Slippery Charley has won by a head. Well, away to your task then, it's all set before ye, Do the best that you can, boys, and stick to it hard ; Some will get all the work, some the honor and glory, Be the thought of your duty, well done, your reward ; Stop all factious contention, all squabble of party, All hungry contest for the loaves and the fishes, And you'll meet the approval, benignant and hearty, Of your Valentine Punch, with his very best wishes. 