LITEEAEY NOTICES. The value of Jlr. Douglas Freehneld'e ' Travels in Central Caucasus and Bashan, including visits to Ararat and Tabreez, and ascents of Kazbec and Elbruz,' may be judged of by the following descrip tion of the ascent of the Groat Caucasian tower, Elbruz, 18,493 feet above the level of the sea, and which had never been ascended until Sir. Freshfield and his companions placed their adventurous feet on the bare patch of rock which crowns the lofty sum mit of the mountain: — 'Near the point,' says our traveller, ' where the enow began to slope towards the base of the mountain, the crisp surface broke under my feet, and I disappeared, as suddenly as through a trap door into a crevasse. Paul, who was next behind me' on, the rope, -was horror-struck, and his first impulse was to rush to tho brink to see what had become of me — ac ouree of proceeding which had to be summarily checked by mv companions. The crevasse was one of those which gradually enlarge as they descend ; but the check given by the rope enabled me at once to plant my feet on a ledge on one side and my back against the other. The position was more ludicrous than uncomfortable. I had both hands in my pockets and my ice-axe under my arm ; and owing to the tightness of the rope and the ernmped space, it was not easy to make the axe serviceable without fear of dropping it into the unknown depths below The snow-crust on the side of the hole I had made broke away beneath my arms -when I tried to raise myself on it, and it cost us all a long struggle before I was hauled out and landed safety. The slopes now steepened, the cold grew more intense, and the wind almost unbearable, bo that altogether the prospect was far from cheer ing. The morning star aroused us to a temporary enthusiasm l)y the strange accompaniments and brightness of ita rising. Heralded by a glow of light which made one of the party exclaim, ' There comes the sun !' it leaped forth with a sudden splen dour from amid the flashes of lightning playing in the dark cloud that lay below, shrouding the distant steppe. The shock was momentary, and we soon ?relapsed into a state of icy 'despair, which was not diminished by the sudden desertion of Paul, who, fairly beaten ly the intense cold, turned and. fled down our traces. For hour after hour we went on without a halt, hoping that the sun would bring ?with it an increase of warmth. A sunrise viewed from a height equal to that of the top of Jlor.t Blanc is a scene of unearthly splendour, of which words can convey -but a feeble impression. A sudden kindling of the eastern ranges first -warned us to be on the watch ; in a moment the snows upon which we were standing, the crags above us, indeed the whole atmosphere, were suffused with rose-pink. The cloud on the summit which had changed from black to grey as daylight dawned, now caught the prevailing flush, and suddenly melted away, like a ghost who had outstayed his time. As the hues faded, the sun's orb rose in the east, and flooded us with a stream of golden rays, which were soon merged in the clear light of day. There was no increase of warmth as yet, and, despite the improved look of the weather, it became a serious question whether we could go on. By half-past 7 a.m. we were at a height of over 16,000 feet, and had now reached the rocks which formed the upper portion of the cone. Fading what shelter we could among them, we stood shivering, kicking our feet against the rock, and beating our fingers to preserve them, if possible, from frost-bite, while the debate whether we should turn back or not, was carried on in voices almost inaudible from the chattering of our teeth. On the one hand the wind did not abate and the risk of frost-biles was growing serious. Tucker and Francois had no sensation in their fingers, and my toes were similarly affected. On the other hand the rocks were less cold to the feet and gave some shelter from the weather. Looking back, we saw to our surprise two of the porters advancing1 rapidly in our i'oot steps. We had almost decided to turn when they came up to us, leoking fairly comfortable in their big sheepskin cloaks, and quite unaffected by the cold. A third, however, who had started with them, had, like Paul, given in. I said — ' If a porter goes on, I will go with him.' ' If one goes all go,' added Moore. The decision was accepted, and we again set our faces to the mountain. From this time the cold, though severre, ceased to be painful. A long climb up easy rocks mostly broken small, with here and there a large knob pro jecting from the surface, brought us to the foot of a low cliff, to surmount which a few steps were cut in an ice-couloir, the only approach to a difficulty on the mountain. Arrived, on the top of what had long been our sky-line, we saw as much more rock above us. Doubts were even now felt and expressed as to our success. We persevered, how ever, making but few and short halts, until the base of some bold crags we had taken long to reach was passed. Almost suddenly, at the last, we found our selves on a level with their tops, and stepped on to a broad crest running east and west. Wo turned to the west and faced the wind for a final struggle. The ridge was easy, and, led by the porters, we inarched along it in procession, with our hands in our pockets and our ice-axes under our arms, until it culminaied in a bare patch of rock surrounded by snow. This summit was at one end of a horse-shoe ridge, crowned by three distinct eminences, and including a snowy plateau, which, evon to our unlearned eyes, irresistibly suggested an old crater. The rocks which we picked, up and carried down with us are of a volcanic character. We walked, or rather ran round the ridge to its extremity, crossing two considerable depressions, and visiting all three tops ; under the farthest, a tower of rock, we found shelter and a quite endurable temperature. There we sat down, to examine, as far as possible, into the details of the vast panorama. The two natives pointed out the various valleys, while we endea voured to recognize the mountains. Light clouds were driving against tho western face of the peak, and a sea of mist hid tho northern stejpe — other- wise the view was clear. Beginning in tho east, the feature of the panorama was the central chain between ourselves and Kazbec. I never saw any group of mountains which bore so well being looked down upon as the great peaks which stand over the sources of the Tcherek and Tchegom. The Pennines from Moat Blanc look puny in comparison with Koschtanlau and his neighbours from Elbruz. The Caucasian groups are finer and the peaks sharper, and there was a suggestion of uDseen depth in the trenches separating them, that I never noticed so forcibly in any alpine view. Turning southwards, the double-toothed Uechba still asserted hinmtOf, although at last dis tinctly beneath us ; the greater part of the summits and snownelds of the chain between us and Snanetia lay, as on a relieved map at our feet, and we could see beyond, them the snowy-crested ranges of the Turkish frontier.' The ascent of Kazbec, and visits to other places arc described in much the same sort of style. It is a pity that ilr. Freshfieid is not a little more skilled in draTving word-pictnres. A li terary artist of the right sort might havegiven us a prose poem from the dreariest peak of Caucasus, instead of u mere dry detail of the muscular exertion displayed, .ind the physical suffering experienced, during the ascent of the mountain. In the absence of the necessary literary ability to do justice to such scenes as open on the sight ot a traveller who ascends a lofty peak like that of Elbruz, how advantageous would it be for the traveller to provide /himself -withT^H portable camera, containing a few dry plate, \SM after exposure, might be developed it pi^auA^H .would thusbe able to preserveiui accurate r»«JH ithe scenes of flie mountain top, and from a^M any number of copies might betaken for theiL^B friends and the public. An instrument ClH manufactured and patented quite recently u^B winch, will be of great use to tourists andZS them to supply any number of illustrations nfflH travels. This instrument is capable of contsiiM camera and lens, twenty-one sensitive plato^H for exposure, and all other requisites, the size orfl whole being no more than eight inches high lit 9 inches deep. The Werrartof &e; annaniS. -!?,M the sensitive plates, which, by the action of tvo^fl dies, are brought up to be exposed in the camen^H then stored away without there being any cW^I either a hitch or a failure. The only skill reqSH the part of the tourist in using tins instaunmt^H relate to tho length of time during which the ^B should be exposed, and this amount of skill coJlfl easily acquired. We wish Mr. Freshfield had fl an apparatus of this sort when ne was onthehlH the Caucasus. There is always however 'amM time coming.' Not only is it possible that }J9 will be climbed by other travellers, but otheiijM of vast height in the same range have yet fofl ascended, and have yet to crown adventurous torifl with such/fame as belongs to those whose feetS press the mountains' misty top. The MingM-iM the double-tusked TJschba, the Tan BorkusehdiM Koschtantau, and the Dichtau (the latter 16,94] jfl above the sea- level) have, in most cases, uever -9 pressed by the foot of man. Photographs, and «H especially stereoscopic photographs, of the BcenmB these mountains, and of the scenery of other rail of mountains, would constitute a valuable J tional instrument for .schools and families. ^| 