SOCIAL AFFAIRS IN ENGLAND. | LONDON, DECEMBKII 31, 1809. T'Oit the first time for many years, the outward mail leaves England on the morning of New Year's Dny. I Instead ol passing the last hours of the ola year in pleasure and merry-making, or in pensive thought, .according to their respective dispositions, our journal- ists find themselves heavily labouring at the annual summaries which vsill be found occupjing the columns of our newspapers to-morrow morning. If it be true that there is no rest for the wicked, editors muBt be a veiy bad lot indepd. Fortunately, how- ever, for them Christmas Day fell on a Saturday, the consequence of which wa» that the click of the composing Btick became silent, and the scratching of pens wns no longer heard in the contributal rooms. There was rest even in Nevispaperdom. As if to celebrate the event, .we had a regular old-fashioned Christmas ; Boxing Day being one of intense froBt, accompanied by snow. Our winters have lately been so mild that the illus- trated papers this year almost gave up in despair the reprcsenation of snow scenes. But now we shall have a perfect glut of such pictures. The seasonable change did not, however, last long, thiB morning the weather proving extremely mild-a circumstance which must prove a boon to the crowds of shivering pool who crowd round our casual warda and soup kitchens. The frost quickened most wonderfully the demand for penny dinners in Norton Folgate, and more than once the available stock of meals was exhausted in loss than half the customary period. These dinners are continually increasing in popularity, and it is a signi- ficant fact that large quantities of Australian meat were disposed of for the purpose of supplying thepaoi man's Christmas meal in England. INCREASE Or M-ÇinorOMlAN V VUVEHI-JM. The increase of metropolitan pauperism has received no check. We have now in London upwards ot , 40,000 more paupers, that is persons in the regular receipt of parochial relief, than we had two years ago. All our workhouEes are crowded to repletion, and we recently had a case of attempted suicide in conse ' quence of being refused admission to a workhouse already overcrowded. The increase of destitution is not confined to the poorer districts, but is to be found also in the wealthier parishes-the extensive demoli- tion of dwellings for the purpose ot forming metro- politan railway extensions, new streets, &.c, driving the labouring poor to seek refuge where they best can. This is occasioning a large amount of overcrowd- ing, quite beyond the means of the Legis- lature to prevent. Hence the recent increase of sickness among the poor whose vital powers have become exhausted from deficiency of fresh air and wholesome food. The pressing need for the latter is strenuously maintained by medical men, who . show in the clearest manner that the present relief system is sufficient merely to sustain life, not to keep ' the body in a healthy state. On the other hand, were the system of relief to be made more liberal, large numbers would be tempted to remain paupers from choice. There seems to be no safe medium between the two extremes. As to the causes of this lamenta- ble increase of pauperism, much as the depressed con- dition of trade is responsible, it is clear that our popular drinking habits have much to answer for. ? ' The increase of London public-houses is something . . extraordinary, equalled only by the enormouB trade < carried on in them. In Islington there are half a ? dozen of these places, the annual receipts of which would more than maintain all the paupers in the [jot parish; yet these public-houses are only a handful out of many. It would be difficult to deny that the \- actual primary causes of our increased pauperism are drink and improvidence. i , 1 . EMIOUATION. i ' Unfortunately the burdens entailed by our increased pauperism often fall on the innocent. The senseless i infatuation which occasions such an enormous mis , expenditure of capital in this country is responsible . ' -for much of the existing dearth of employment. Hence . i it is that sober and industrious men fail at times to . ' s (-procure remunerative work here. The capital which should have found them employment has become ? diverted into other channels. Here wa have the secret of the increasing favour with which emigration is regarded by the better class of English labourers. But do not suppose for a moment that the labourer is . j eager to emigrate. As a rule, it is quite the reverse. .i - ¿> So long as there exists the least prospect of anything *' turning up," he will endure the worst rather than leave his native land. It is only when his last penny . is spent, and the workhouse stares him in the face, thai he will make up his mind to emigrate. But where is his outfit to come from ? The class most eager to emigrate are the small farmers and >.. the better description of agricultural labourers. These \- . invariably poBseBS a strong desire to become land- owners-a wish which is daily becoming more diffi- cult of realisation by persons of limited means in this ' country ; consequently, they are less ready to remain t. st home than to emigrate. The United States pos- sesses peculiar attractions for these people in the J shape of its famous homestead law-a measure which has been lsrgely instrumental in developing the present large amount of popular feeling ia favour of emigra- tion to the United States. Moreover, there is the superior cheapness of the voyage. Australia cannot '. ? at present offer such inducements as can America to . - the independent emigrant. Mr. Parkes seems to have fallen into a strange but excusable error in his speeoh i *- on 'the recent Immigration Bill of the New South * -Wales Government. He was evidently under the impression that we desired to ship off oui¡ paupers and retain our workmen at home. This spirit was perceptible during his visit to England, but since then 'the current of public opinion has become changed, and the leading idea is to assist the workman ' ' ' 'or' labourer to emigrate before crossing the line of -' pauperism. Seme of the people sent out by the East London Association to Canada, before they left Eng- land, signed papers promising to refund the passage . moneys when possible. These documents were not legally, only morally, binding, yet several-of the ' emigrants have already repaid the sums so advanced. 1 This indicates what is required to develop British emigration to Australia. Let the would-be emigrant ' have the chance of repaying 'he cost of his passage within a certain number of years, er offer.him a -' quantity of land equivalent to the expenses incurred by him in making the voyage. The Queensland . authorities are acting on this plan, but emigration to that country is likely to remain limited, in conse- quence of the impression so prevalent here that the v climate is too hot to admit of European labour during the summer months. Moreover the out- cry respecting the forced labour of Polynesians is awaking a strong prejudice in the English working class mind. English workmen will never prefer a ?country where there exists the least approach to ' slavery. "We are about to have a series Qf. great -emigration meetings in thj metropolis, but it'ia doubt- ful- whether anything really practical will accrue therefrom. State-aid to emigration is a thing not likely to be granted. The colonies and the would-be 1 «migrants must arrange the matter between them \- selves. A proposal has been made that school-farms should be established both here and in the colonies, for the purpose of educating numbers of our poerer youth in the routine of agricultural or pastoral life, and «o prepare them for becoming good colonists. Or these farms might be used by adults of a higher chus. We have large numbers of clerks, shopmen, and others, of good physical form, ac- customed to hardy exercises, and who make excellent volunteer soldiers, but who have not possessed the opportunity of learning the art of . working in the open air. The proposed school-farms might supply accommodation and employment to these and their families, combined with practical in "' , struction respecting the management and breeding of cattle, sheep, and horses ; and the cultivation of 'vegetables, fruits, &c;, suitable to the country. They would have lodging, food, and (if necessary) clothing -found them, but no wages. Certificates of competency would be given, stating the amount of proficiency ac >i - -quired, according to a fixed scale. It is recommended that these school-farms should be established by the different colonial Governments, or by emigration clubs, societies, and other organisations at home. If by Government, the numbers resident in each farm to be BO regulated that they may become as near self-sup- porting as possible ; m other words, that the produce of the farms might balance the coBt of maintaining the residents. If established by societies at home, the number of emigrant-pupils to be so regulated that the produce might yield a profit, in the shape of interest on the amount of capital invested. Any capital taken out by the emigrants might be invested . in colonial Government securities, banks, &c;, during the time the owners remained in the school farms. Such is the latest English, idea of utilising a portion of our unemployed labour. Of its value the colonists muBt be the best judges. Another idea is that a leaf ,, might be borrowed from the experience of the United States, and a railway be formed across the Australian I, continent, the capital to be procured by the sale of . . the land on either side. In this way the formation of r) ' . new settlements would be encouraged, and the .growth i ^ «fa new colony in the vicinity of Port Darwin pro- moted. Even in America this scheme finds supporters, although it is difficult to perceive how such z railway could find sufficient passengers and goods traffic to pay the working expenses. TI ? v<> THE EDVCATION MOVEMENT. -.utwhWeone section of the community seeks to , ciminifi»! pauperism by means of emigration, another I is equally loud in i's advocacy of education as an efficient remedy. At the preB"ent moment England may he seid to be divided into two rival camps, repre- sented by the National Education League and the National Education Union. The rankB of the former are, however, likely to become disorganised in conse- quence of the religiouB difficulty, the secularist ele- menta having acquired a certain degree of influence in the council. It seems almost certain that no system of education purely secular will be tolerated here, save in exceptional cases. But the educationists are beginning, like oil new enthusiasts, to exnggernte the nature of the evil and its proposed remedy. To hear some of their speeches, a stronger would naturally in- fer that schools were a comparitive rarity in this country, whereas the existing Behool accommodation is in excess of the attendance. The di/Hcully is to get the children. The early age at ?which children are employed-despite all legisla- tion on the subject-in many trades forms one great difficulty ; another being the apathy of the many parents, who would rather pay twopence for a pint oi beer than nllow it to defray the school fees of their children. From this it is anticipatetl that com- pulsory attendance will be rendered necessary in any measure introduced. On the other hand, the advant- ages of education are much overstated. Educate a child, we are told, and he ÍB at once rendered moral, honest, anti all but perfect. The fallacy of this rea- soning ia obvious. The Imeans are confounded with the end. The schools afford instruction, not educa- tion ; this latter must be obtained outside the school as well as within. Still the movement, will be pro ductive of good. Ignorance and drunkenness seem to go hand in hand. Whatever tends to diminish the one exercises also a depressing effect on both-a result which must inevitably be found productive of much social and physical good to the masses. METROPOLITAN SUNDAY TRADING. But are the English working-classes enabled to properly appreciate the exertions mode on their behalf ? This question has repeatedly been mooted since the failure of Miss Couttss' market in Bethnal Green. The non-success of this costly institution is ascribed to the unwillingness of the metropolitan labouring poor to abandon the system of Sunday trading. This is not, however, quite the truth, Much of the existing Sunday traffic is rendered necessary by the late hour to which trade is pro- longed on Saturdays, in consequence of the almost universal custom of paying wages on Saturday night. The progress of the early closing and Saturday half holiday movements has done much to diminish the number of Shops—other than public-houses—open on Sundays for trading purposes ; but so long as the beer-shop and the gin-palace are permitted to remain open, it is difficult to convince the masses that Sunday trading ought to be discouraged. They cannot per- ceive the difference between purchasing a pint of ale or a pound of meat, or why it should be wrong to buy a few potatoes, yet not improper to procure a glass of gin. We are not sufficiently consistent in these matters. We are always straining at a gnat and swallowing a camel. But it is a fact that, as before mentioned, Sunday trading is steadily on the decrease. Tradesmen want a day of rest no less than do the artisans. Moreover, it entails a certain loss of reputation when an estab- lishment is kept open on Sundays, the circumstance being tantamount to an admission that the week- day business is not sufficiently profitable, a thing com- paratively few tradesmen care to admit. It is only in the poorest neighbourhoods that the Sunday markets are now to be fourd, and by midday the bulk of these have become closed. With the payment of wages on Thursdays or Fridays, at least three-fourths of the present amount of Sunday trading would instantly disappear, the majority of Sunday purchasers being costermongers, shop- porters, and others whose avoca- tions do not cease until long after midnight on Saturdays. CHEAP NEWSPAPERS. The mention of Sunday trading naturally brings up the subject of cheap weekly newspapers,' of which large numbers are sold on Sunday morning. Of late, this number has exhibited a marked decline, the wholesale news-agents and many of the larger retail dealers steadily placing themselves in opposition to the Sunday traffic. Indeed, but for the energetic measures adopted by the proprietors of some of these journals, the Sunday sale of newspapers would have almost become a thing of the past. As it is, greater importance is being given to the Saturday evening editions. It is curious, however, to note the reaction here with respect to cheap newspapers. The public are beginning to lose faith in mere lowness of price. The success of the halfpenny evening paper (the Echo) has not been sufficiently large to attract any com- petitors into the field ; and it is rumoured that, before long, the price will be raised. The Pall Mall Gazette, after being sold for several months at a penny, appears to-morrow as a morning journal at twopence. The new illustrated paper, the Graphic, finds a ready sale at sixpence ; while its young predecessor, the Illustrated Midland News, is considered dear at threepence. These facts indicate that quality, rather than mere lowness of price, is the way to achieve success. It is the same with the magazines. With the exception of Mr. Strahan's ex- cellent publication and Mrs. Wood's little serial, the Argosy, the existence of the mass of periodicals pub- lished at less than one shilling is extremely fluctuating and uncertain. The Broadway, which was nominally destined to astonish the world, is scarcely ever heard of, while the Cornhill to this day retains its olden prestige and popularity. With a knowledge of these circumstances, it is difficult to predict the future of the cheap Press in this country. When the Morning Star disappeared from the scene, there was much talk about a new paper, but nothing came of it. For the present, at least, the field of cheap newspaper activity in England appears to be limited. THE NEW UANKBUITCY LAW, Nor is the tide of newBpaper speculation ¡likely to be favourably influenced by the abolition of imprison- ment for debt, which. comes into operation to- ' morrow. Incautious debtors and rash speculators will find the operation of passing through- the Bankruptcy Courts to be anything but "a joke. The new Act, by practically abolishing imprisonment' for debt, may materially influence much of the existing system of trading, whereby an undue amouut of .credit is given to really insolvent parsons, especially where [the debts are under £50. What the actual results, may be time alone can show ; but that a complete revolution is being effected in our Bankruptcy system is evident from manj'" things, among others by the enormous number of bankruptcies effected during the last few weeks with the view of avoiding the operation of the new law. Many of these bankruptcies repre- sent so much fraud and-' dishonesty, of which it is desired to escape the . conse- quences. . The Provincial Courts of Bankruptcy are swept away, their business being transferred to the local County Courts, but the head Bankruptcy Court in London is retained. Any creditor for £50, or any number of creditors to whom the debtor owes collectively the same sum, may present a petition that the debtor be declared bankrupt. If the petition be granted, the duty of administering the estate is con- ferred on a committee of creditors, and not, as at pre- sent, on an official assignee whose chief aim is to secure for himself as much percentage as possible. If the creditors' meeting is not numerously enough attended to appoint a trustee legally, or if the trustee die during the winding-up of the estate, the Registrar . of the Court will act as a " provisional " trustee. But he will do no more than he can help, and the creditors must appoint a real trustee if they wish anything im- portant done. If the estate realises 10s. in the pound, ' the bankrupt is set free ; but should it fail to bring this sum, any future property acquired by the bank- rupt will always remain liable to be seized for pay- ment of the debts in full. The creditors can, indeed, by " special resolution "-that is, by a majority in number, and three-fourths in value, of the creditors present and voting at any meeting-give their debtor an earlier release ; but unless they do so, or unless he pays 10s. in the pound, bankruptcy will be no bank- ruptcy in what has hitherto been its principal mean- ing; the "debtor" will not be " whitewashed," as the slang phrase is ; all the money he makes after- wards will be liable to " pay what he owed before. Another feature is that no person can be made bankrupt on his own petition. To effect a bankruptcy, the creditors must move in the matter. Again, secured creditors can only interfere in relation to the amount of the debts remaining due to them after deducting the value of the securities held in their hands. Post-nuptial settlements on a wife, or other personB, are void, if made within a period of two years preceding the bankruptcy. While im- prisonment ior debt in the case of real misfortune on the part of the debtor is abolished, acts of dishonesty are brought more cloBely within the reach of the eriminal law. It is needless to point out other features. Those mentioned will suffice to illustrate the character of the new law, which is chiefly the work of Sir R. Collier. No doubt the ingenuity of professional swindlers will detect new loopholes of escape from the consequences, of their misconduct, but the chances of their becoming entangled in the mesbea of the legal web have been proportionately ;ncreased. It.is, however, expected that roany unforeseen diffi- culties will for some time prevent the new Act from getting into easy working operation. THE OVEHEND GURNEY TRIAL. The issue of this now famous trial appears te have been received nith general satisfaction, by the public, Dr 1 horn is now admitted to have made a mistake in tubBtituting criminal for civil proceedings , but I in Eo doing he merely reflected the tone of public opinion then prevailing It is impossible to deny that a great reaction has taken place in the public mind, and that the members of the fallen firm ore regordcd as victims rather than criminals 'Ihis is accounted for by the revelations which have been made concerning the vast magnitude of their business transactions, and the admi'EioDB made that but for the tightness of the money market at the time of the fatal crisis, the storm might have been weathered and most of the heavy losses made good It was also remembered that nearly the whole of the private property belonging to the farm became liable for the debls of the company lhis did not look like the net of intending swindlers, it was rather that of men believing in the ultimate success of the speculation in v\ hich they had embarked Still, the results of the trial will be protluctive of good Ihe wonderfully clear manner in which the Judge ex- plained the state of the law with regard to the ques non, nnd the manner in which it bore on this particu- lar ense, vi ill do much to define the real responsibilities of promoters and directors One marked result of these prosecutions is the evident reluctance of peuons of position to allow their ninnes to be published in c nnection with any new undertakings, save those of tliL soundest character At no previous period w as the profession of company promoter so completely at a discount iib at present But there are indications of a coming reaction, and it is probable that the ne\t form of speculative mama will tnke the form of ocean telegraph anel tramway companies of every description, to say nothing of American gold and silver mining enter prises, which are beginning to bp rather pltntilully launched here SPIRITUALISM AND SPIRITUALISTS Although little heard of publicly, the doctrines of spiritualism are making headway in England, a tpiritualistic church being in full activity A large number of the spiritualists belong to the ranks of the Freethinkers, who cast aside the teachings of Christianity to accept those of professional mediums, some of whom make an excellent thing of their posi tion The exertions of the spiritualists to secure converts are invariable private, anything approaching publicity being carefully avoided The doctrines broached at some of the private gatherings are of a most astounding character, the wonder being that any person possessing ordinary intelligence should condescend to listen to them As for the orations of such leaders as Miss Emma Hardinge, there is an ample display of big words and grandiloquent lan- guage but very little of anything substantial We are told to believe in ghosts, in witchcraft, and in all the silly superstitions of our ancestors The Press is denounced as corrupt and dishonest "Newspapers, ' said one medium, are the natural enemies of spirit- ualism ' This was a rather frank admission, yet, withal, extremely natural The spiritualists profess to be religious, but their religion is evidently one of theory, not of practice, the main principle being that the mediums should be well supported by the con- tributions of the wealthy. Indeed, the manner in which the money box is continually lugged in is quite a peculiar feature But the appeals are seldom in vain As a class the English spiritualists are a wealthy body, people possessing more money and time than brains and wit, who take to spiritualism first as a simple amusement, then as a matter of belief SOCIAL PROSPECTS OF THE NEW YEAR What will the new year bring forth in tho way of social matters? The Irish land question is likely to be the great social topic here for several months to come, and the discussions consequent thereon may do much to impede the progress ot much needed social legislation independent of this, there are indica tions of political troubles ahead It is manifest that while in some respects more ardently liberal than ever, a stronger conservative tinge pervades the cur- rents of public feeling loo much seems to have been anticipated from Mr Gladstone and his colleagues At the same time ihe brusque manner in which Mr Layard and Mr Lowe have treated the public, has not been without its eflects Ihese two men have strong opinions of their own, but this is no reason why they should coldly regard those of others ine ingenious manner in which Mr Lowe has contrived that the taxes shall be demanded at the most inconvenient time of the year is another thing, seemingly insignificant in ltBelf, yet which promues to create an embarrasBing situation In short, the great want of the Ministry is tact This is the rock on which they will ultimately founder In some respects, Mr, Gladstone and Mr. Lowe are in advance of public opinion, but they make no allow- ance for ihiB Yet it is doubtful whether the country is prepared to tolerate the return of the Conservatives to pow er While this slate of political indecision lasts, the rate of social progress must necessarily be siow. There may be some advantage m this, for there remain numerous matters on which the public have to be more fully enlightened, and which, in the absence of such enlightenment, would probably bring about a striking confirmation of tho old adage, which re mindB us that the more haste the worse speed JOHN PLUMMER ; 