A CHRISTMAS GHOST STORY. Bv the Bor Jokes. I am the boy Jones ! not he of Buck ingham Palaco notoriety, but a genuine TaBmaaian boy Jones, and the town mis sionary and other good people who some times condescendingly tell mo that I am ' a young blackguard who ought to be sent to school,' call me a ' City Arab.' And l nave seen the Ghost ! — not Pro fesBor Pepper's spurious imitation, nor any of the Bham deceptions ot the spiritists, but a real ghost— no bundle of sticks done up in a white sheet to mak men quake and shiver at the sight ot them, but a genuine comfortable grisly ghost— one of the olden time. I am as devoid of imagination as that ancient bivalve yelepted ye oyster, and you may accept my story as truth. As a City Arab I urn not overburdened with friends, money, clothiug, or lodging ; and, excepting what I eet from ' tlm Rp. nevolcnt, ' I have precious little to eat. Methought I stood on Friday night, the 24th December, 1869, gazing into the stylish window of a well-known drapery shop in Brisbane-street, and wondering how comfortable I might possibly feel in one of the coBy tweed kaickerbocker suits there displayed. As I stood, there came behind me a quaint-looking individual in a curious garb of claret-colored vel vet, trimmed with gaudy colours, and underneath a slashed doublet and hoBe, with pecular Bhoes and diamond buckles. He had a peaked iron-grey beard and a laughing rosy face, and round his queer sugar-loaf shaped hat— not a bit like any headed cane. I in1ove(* ^d meH interrupt his view, when he bc* ^ JH the collar of my - I wai a» eu(|H coat, but unfortunately hew it ? cientoflhat Rarment lelt ' «. wiU ««? be digniBed by the n^ne-so „,« I he seised me by the ' sorufl ot W « poked me in the ribs w » u M hoWfoW^uW6* he'd got to. ?''^Ql^X ? iflH through tho grating^Ku) '%* \jT^ because he was too fat. ' WellT siji I 9 'dash my wig but you are a queer old ? cove. You'll see me to-night, will y0o - m well if you do you'll be queerer nor ever I for it would puzzle a Bobby himself t,' m find out my residence.' ' S The fact is, sir, I'm a kind of perrini fl totlc philosopher, in so far aB my uiur.H lodging happens to be in a vacant cgl pipe not far from the Tamar bridge, ami HI precious snug-lying there is there too iH can tell you; barrin' draught, and that iH manages by throwing a sack over tluH windward end, or rolling my pipe broatHJ side on to the weather as occasion maiH require. ' IS Well, methought, I soon forgot tliH about tho old gentleman, and aftnH doing a light supper off the W of,?9 crayfish and a bit of stale bread I tumble] « into my pipe and was fast asleep low 'a before the lights oi Launceston were u m extinguished. M I fancied that I woke aB tt,. M clock was striking twelve, with i .1 peculiar sensation in my bones, a queer 1 sound in my ears, and a whirling nj 9 swimming in my bead, and on recovering M myself, found my pipe going a-hcad at the t M rate of about ten miles an hour. I eiu-; I out a few you may reckon, and manaje]1- 1 to crawl out at one end of my quarttn; 1 when I beheld a sight I shall rememba' 1 for the rest of my life. Astride of tit % gas-pipe sat my old friend of the windoi k'i urging on about titty ot tue most eitn.''| ordinary looking imps you ever sair otM^I heard of, who were rolling the pipe aionrf V with intense delight, the old gentlenul' grinning complacently from his uncoi. fortablc elevation. Some of these imp looked like bottles on slender legs, othen resembled huge cakes, plum puddinp, tarts, great oranges, sirloins of bee: trussed turkeys, and other articles i . lordly cheer. All were grinning at laughing in the most insane manner, at as I rolled out of the pipe they all set 12 a loud screech and vanished. The old gentleman alone remained. ''. told you, Jones, I should see you again ti, night, didn't I? You good-for nothia ' scamp, you, come home with met suuuer' ' If you're civil,' says I, ' I don: 9 mind,' and my new acquaintance led tit ;« way to the Club Hotel in Brisbane-stree. fl 1 was afraid the policeman on the ba JB would see us ascend the steps, bat he di ; 9 not, and my companion soon produced n, S bunch of keys, opened the front doo ' ill and said—' This is my poor house, Jok 3a pray enter and see what the cook bu |B got ready for us.' S Well, here's a rum start, thinks L Whs 9 would Mr Johnstone or Mrs Morrisons* 9 to this f ' W My supper, however, had not been of 1 9 very satisfying description, andldidV, JB feel bound to stand on any ceremony, * » I entered. . fl We walked into the chief roomB when M my friend closed the shutters and lit til 9 gas, and then tang the bell, when lo aol . 9J behold about fifty imps of various di m scriptions rushed in, and in a twinkling Jl laid out a most splendid repast. M ' Fall to, Jones,' quoth my host ; and I m did fall to, I can tell you, and devoured) m first-class supper, gazing in amazement M at the quaint old fellow at the top end of ? the table, and poking fun, now and then, 3 with the bottle imps who waited up:n us., 9 When supper was done I timidly asW M whose house it was P Although I though! :M I knew pretty well. ~M 'Ha ha! Master Jones,' said mjM- || tertainer, ' you want to know me, doit : M thou ; well my name is Good Clieer, and I m was born hundreds of years ago.' '? ' What,' said I, 'hundreds of yean : ? ago!' ' m ' Yes,' replied the old man, ' you mi; : m thinkjthat strange, but it's true, Jomi, j M quite true. I'm only a ghost now, bull! 9 revisit earth for a few hours once in even, M year and just before Christmas tide,' , m ' Dear me,' said I, ' bow strange. Bm U you don't look like a ghost ;' ana there-: m upon I went up and struck out to hit bin m a dig in the ribs, when I went rigb: m through him and waB caught in the anw ,-ffl of a bottle imp on the other side. m I was rather frightened, I can tell yoi ' w but old Cheery said, '? Never mind, Jones, m don't fear, I visit earth for a few how m every year to seek out such as you, and m to provide them with that which ts.Ur ? preferable to smooth words and symft' m thetic phrases, a good feast.' m I looked very hard at old Cheery, m m I thought of the Town Missionary. W ' Well, then, besides, I come to remind .1 those who are feasting, that the Christaij .1 time is a holy time, and that they should 1 freely share the good gifts of Providence J among those who are fasting, or who ait M suffering under the pangs of poverty, j || tell you what, Jones (said this fine old M man), in the rare old times when I« 1 in the flesh, Christmas was kept as it ? should be. and there wasn't an unto- M tunate soul in all the good old count? . who did not know how to enjoy '» ?. Dut the world has grown selfish aiw 1 then.' 3 We sat chatting about the old time ; and the old old story, until 'bngti!| chanticleer' proclaimed the moroU»| and I awoke, with a shiver, u I find myself once more in my gMW1 1 to wish that all human kind would tj» II follow out the excellent principles of J» H Ghost of Good Cheer, and to feel, from 1 certain internal rumblings and a^la'.'I tions of 'a vacuum,' that I had e»W with nothing more substantial in * | D&EAJI.; I Funian Meeting at Newcastu:.-^ I demonstration in favour of the feat' I prisoners was held in Newcastle on W' I her 24. There was a procession tbroug' the town, and a meeting on the 4}°'' attended by from twenty to forty tlw«j sand people. Resolutions were pM»» to petition Parliament, as yow™18?.' had refused an amnesty to the Feniw prisoners. There was no disturtan* ] The police and soldiew were in readuK'1' 