WAGGA WAGGA CIRCUIT COURT. MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1870. THIS court was opened at 10 a.m, by his Honor the Chief Justice. The Attorney- General (Sir Wm. Manning) prosecuted for the Crown. The Bar was represented by Messrs. W. C. Windeyer, D. Forbes, and G. H. Fizhardinge. Attorneys present, Messrs. —. Fitzhardingc, H. B. Fitzhardinge, Wil- lans and Windeyer, and Gibbes. The usual proclamation having been made, the business was proceeded with as follows— FORGERY. Henry Wilmot was placed in the dock, charged with having at Kyamba, on March 13th, forged a certain order for the sum of £7 5s. A. second count charged the prisoner with uttering the same. Prisoner pleaded guilty, and was remanded for sentence. ROBBERY UNDER ARMS. James Burt was charged with having stolen a sum of money from Andrew Hayes on January 3rd, at Cuddell Creek, being armed with a revolver. Prisoner was undefended and pleaded Not guilty. The Attorney-General opened the case by stating the circumstances, and called Senior-constable Foley, who deposed that he apprehended the prisoner at Cuddell Creek on January 4th ; he was at the time at Honey's public-house at Cuddell Creek ; he was armed with a revolver, capped and loaded, stuck in his belt ; the prosecutor in this case assisted witness to secure him ; searched him, but found no money on his person. Andrew Hayes deposed he was a labourer and resided at Yanco ; was at Honey's on the 4th January ; came there by accident, having lost his horse ; had a cheque drawn by Messrs. McNeill Brothers for upwards of £17; on arriving at the hotel, saw the prisoner, who was friendly, and proposed a game of cards, which witness declined, but eventually played three or four games with him ; the next morning changed his cheque and paid his bill, receiving change in two cheques, each of £6 10s., some silver, and a £1-note ; soon afterwards prisoner called him into his room and demanded a pound, which witness declined ; prisoner took a revolver and presented it to witness's head and swore that he would blow his brains out if he did not give him a pound, which he did, and prisoner asked him not to tell anybody what had occurred ; at once informed the publican, who sent a person named Malcolm Gillis for the police ; during the time the messenger was gone lay down in the veran- dah of the hotel ; prisoner told him that when all sat down at tea he would stick up the whole house, and that he would compel witness to give him the cheques which he got from the publican ; before he had time to do so, the police arrived ; assisted them to arrest the prisoner. Cross-examined by prisoner : It was the morning after prisoner arrived that he robbed witness. Prisoner applied for the deposition to be read, from which it appeared that prisoner had sworn the robbery took place the day previous ; witness explained the descrepancy by stating that he had given his evidence at Narandera, after being up all night. Prisoner cross-examined the witness at great length, but without much bearing on the case. Matthew Crossen deposed : Was a dam maker, employed near Cuddell; was at Honey's public house on the 3rd January ; saw prisoner there who asked him to drink ; went into his room and saw a saddle there ; witness was looking at it when prisoner pulled out a revolver and said, "that's what I do with it ;'' prisoner insisted upon witness sleeping with him that night, which he did ; the next morning prisoner said he wanted a horse, and must have it; asked him what he wanted it for, and he said to "Stick up that fellow," (meaning Dubbo, the last witness) ; said " You don't intend to shoot him, do you ?" he said, "Dead men tell no tales ;" shortly afterwards, told Mr. Honey to be careful, as there was a bushranger in the house ; went for the doctor, and when he returned heard that prisoner had been arrested; in the course of the conversation prisoner said he was Thunderbolt, and he was going to join Power. Prisoner cross examined this witness also at great length. William Honey deposed that he was a publican, residing at Cuddell Creek ; remem ber the prisoner coming there; on the following day Hayes came there and changed a cheque; heard that prisoner intended to stick Hayes up ; stopped Hayes from going away ; in a short time Hayes told witness something, in consequence of which he sent for the police; prisoner changed a £1-note, which looked remarkably like one which witness had given to Hayes. This closed the case for the Crown. The prisoner addressed the jury, affirm ing that the case was got up against him out of malice and spite. His Honor summed up, stating that the case was one without parallel in his experi ence. The jury after a short absence returned a verdict of guilty. STEALING. James Burt was charged with stealing a saddle, valise, &c.;, the property of William Wright, of the Merool Creek, on December 26th. A second count charged the prisoner with receiving the same, knowing the same to be stolen. The Attorney-General opened the ease and called William Wright, drover, who deposed that he was at Kingsland's public-house on the Merool Creek on Christmas day with two horses ; spelled his horses there in a paddock ; on the 26th took his horses and gave them a drink, and on returning to the camp where his things were, found one of his saddles and a valise gone ; the valise contained a waist coat, pair of trousers, and two crimean shirts, on the saddle was a pouch containing a piece of looking-glass- and some other articles, including two fishing-lines ; when he came back he missed the saddle with the pouch attached and the valise ; the distance to the waterhole was about 200 yards; saw the prisoner at the public-house both before and after losing the saddle, etc. ; prisoner, before the loss of the saddle, told witness that he had lost his saddle ; next saw his saddle, etc., in the police-office at Wagga ; immediately on losing the things gave information to the police. (Saddle, pouch, clothes, etc., pro duced and identified by the witness.) The prisoner cross-examined the witness at some length, making it appear that he had taken some pains to get a subscription up amongst the other men at the public house to compensate him for his loss. The Attorney-General interjecting that the pri soner seemed to have taken a great interest in witness's loss, the prisoner, with an in effable air of injured innocence worthy of the Legislative Assembly, " hoped that he would be allowed to cross-examine without these interruptions." To His Honor : Had some money on him at the time, about £1 12s., but pretended he had none ; and took 4s. from prisoner, who offered to get up a subscription for him be cause he had lost his saddle. His Honor: What countryman are you ? Witness : An Englishman, your Honor. His Honor: Don't you come from York shire Witness : Yes, your Honor. His Honor : I thought so. (Laughter.) Witness identified his valise and two pieces of scented soap. James Coffee deposed he was a saddler in Wagga Wagga; remembered stuffing the saddle produced for the last witness, about Christmas time. Constable Nelson deposed he was present when prisoner was arrested at Cuddell Creek ; the property produced, saddle, valise, etc., was claimed by the prisoner, who said he had bought the saddle in Melbourne ; the property was found in a room occupied by prisoner; Cuddell Creek is twelve miles from Narandera and forty-five from the Merool Creek. Sergeant Carroll, called, and examined by prisoner, deposed that Wright described the things he had lost to him, and the descrip tion corresponded with the things. Matthew Crossen deposed that he saw the saddle and valise produced in the prisoner's bedroom; prisoner said he would give wit ness the saddle. Sub-Inspector Meares deposed that he re ceived no information that the saddle was a stolen one until it was claimed by Wright. William Westall deposed he remembered seeing prisoner on the 16th December at the American Yards, where they had a drink together ; prisoner had on a dark pair of trousers and a shirt, like what he has on now. By the Attorney-General : Is a prisoner in gaol under sentence of two years and a half for horse-stealing. The prisoner addressed the jury, and his Honor having summed up, the jury, after a moment's consideration, returned a verdict of guilty. The Attorney-General said that probably proof would be obtained that prisoner had served a long sentence at Pentridge. His Honor said a message had been sent to Melbourne, but he should sentence the prisoner without reference to any previous conviction. The prisoner, on being asked if he had anything to say why the sentence of the Court should not be passed upon him, protested his entire innocence of both charges ; but the jury having taken a dif- ferent view of the matter, of course he must put up with the consequence. His Honor said his long experience had made him a pretty good judge of character, and he did not hesitate to say that the prisoner was as dangerous a man as ever stood in the dock before him. It was apparent from the way in which he had cross-examined the witnesses, the kind of defence he had set up, and the effrontery with which he still persisted in a manifest falsehood, that he was a thoroughly reckless ruffian, who for the peace of society, and the good of the country, must not be suffered to be at large. He had robbed this man at a public-house of his saddle and few other things, and then having ridden his horse some 130 or 140 miles, because the poor creature was too tired to race he ended by killing him. As for the case against the prisoner, there could not be a more straight forward story, unless all the witnesses were perjured. He did not much admire the witnesses; they were, to say the least, a parcel of cowards, and he could not imagine how they could have endured to associate and drink with such a ruffian, unless it was with the view of keeping him quiet until the police were sent for. He could not imagine any respectable man drinking with such a fellow. The country must be reduced to a strange state of morals, unless it was to be accounted for in the way he had suggested. It was quite obvious that the very day he was released from gaol he would plunge again into a career of crime. They had had innumerable instances of this. (His Honor quoted the cases of the Conroy Gap murders, and Gardiner the bushranger.) He did not believe in short sentences. First clearly prove the guilt of the accused, and then let the sentence be in proportion to the guilt. He should give the prisoner a severe sentence, which he hoped would be a lesson both to him and to others. The sentence of the Court was, that for the first offence of robbery under arms he be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for the term of ten years ; and for the second offence, that he be imprisoned for five years, the sentences to be concurrent. The prisoner who seemed to be astonished at the severity of the sentence, was immedi- ately hand-cuffed and removed, casting as he left the dock a look of the most diabolical ferocity at the learned Judge. The Court then adjourned till the following morning. TUESDAY, APRIL 5. His Honor took his seat at 11 o'clock. Joseph Wilmott, who pleaded guilty on the previous day to a charge of forgery and uttering, was brought up for sentence. His Honor said this was an ordinary case, where a man in want of funds had forged upon another. There was only one feature in the case that sestned to aggravate it, and that was that he had forged upon a man who had obtained his admission into the Hospital. These cases could not be treated lightly. The common currency of the country was cheques, and it was important that confidence in that currency should not be shaken. The sentence upon the prisoner was that he be imprisoned for three years in Wagga Wagga gaol. A letter from the Government request ing that prisoners should only be sentenced to certain gaols was handed to his Honor, who said that though the Government had no power to dictate to the Judges as to where they should send prisoners, yet as the letter was courteously worded and seemed to be intended for an economical object (though where the economy lay he could not conceive) he would be guided by it. The prisoner, therefore; would be sentenced to three years in Goulburn gaol. If he behaved well, he might petition at the end of two-thirds-of his time for a remission of the remainder of his term, and he (his Honor) would recom mend it. STEALING. Archibald Ferguson was charged with having on the 1st October, 1870, stolen a pair of shafts, the property of James Clarke, also with receiving the same. Prisoner pleaded not guilty, and. was defended by Mr. G. H. Fitzhardinge, instructed by Fitzhardinge and Sons. The Attorney-General having opened the case, called James Clarke, who deposed that he was a blacksmith ; in October last he lost a pair of buggy-shafts ; they were lying at the back of his shop; their value was about 25s. or 30s. ; next saw them in a buggy at Mr. Smith's, and afterwards at the Police-office ; had no doubt they ware the shafts he had lost; never sold them nor authorised anyone to take them away. Cross-examined : Had no doubt the shafts were taken about the end of October; it was generally known that the shafts were lost; knew George Smith ; never told him that he had lost them ; both Smith and Ferguson went to witness's place. James Robins deposed he was a wheel wright working with Mr. Clarke ; remem bered the buggy-shafts being missed about the end of October ; told Mr. Joseph Robins, Clarke's partner, that the shafts were gone ; also mentioned it at several places, including Crowther's shop, where Smith worked ; next saw the shafts in a buggy at Smith's ; gave information to the police, who took the shafts away [shafts produced and identified]. Cross-examined: Mentioned the loss at Crowther's ; Smith generally worked there ; don't know whether he worked there at the time. George Smith deposed he was a black smith ; he had worked for Crowther ; had a pair of shafts in his possession ; he bought them from the prisoner; one night he was going to the Oddfellow's Lodge when he met the prisoner, who offered to go with him ; as they went along told prisoner that he was going to buy an old buggy ; prisoner offered to sell him a pair of shafts ; agreed to buy them for a pound, 10s. down, and the other in three months ; in four or five weeks the prisoner came and asked for the money, which witness could not give him, and he never saw him afterwards ; the shafts pro- duced are the same ; did not ask him where he got them ; in January bought a buggy from Mr. Sognies; witness spoke to him about it in October ; bought the buggy for £6 ; no one was present when he arranged about buying the shafts, nor when he took them away; there was a man who saw the shafts in prisoner's possession; never mentioned that fact before. Cross-examined : It was about the middle of October when Ferguson first spoke about the shafts ; he was going to a meeting of the lodge-on a Monday night ; could not recol lect the date; no one was present but Ferguson ; on the following Thursday went for the shafts and got them ; no one but Ferguson was present; the shafts were con cealed in a kitchen ; prisoner was not sober ; paid 10s. down, but got no receipt; kept the shafts under the floor of the verandah so that the children might not break them; never heard a word about the shafts ; worked at Crowther's until the middle of November; removed the shafts about 8 o'clock in the evening; don't know that anyone saw him : told several persons that he had bought the shafts. George Hassett, Treasurer of the Odd fellows' Lodge, deposed that the meetings held in October were on the 11th and on the 25th ; the names are not recorded. George Smith, recalled: There was a man of the name of Michael Kennedy present when Ferguson asked for the balance of the money; don't know where Kennedy is ; never heard there was anything wrong about the shafts until they were claimed by Robbins. This closed the case for the Crown. For the defence, James Robbins, recalled : Told Smith the shafts were ours; he said he would give them up if he got a pound; when asked where he got them, he said, " Let me see where did I get them ? ; you know that dark chap, the carpenter, who lived in Crowther's old house;" witness said, "Ferguson?" and Smith said "Yes"; a set of harness, all but a collar, was missed at the same time as the shafts. George Smith, recalled, deposed he bought some new harness off Mr. Coffee; had some old harness that was lying at the back of Crowther's repaired for him by Coffee ; had it last Sunday week ; put it in the kitchen ; when it was looked for it could not be found; never bought any harness from Sognies. Charles Sognies, bookseller, deposed : Knew George Smith ; sold him a buggy about the middle of February ; about three weeks previous Smith first spoke of the buggy ; had no idea of selling his buggy in September or October, and would not have sold it; Smith gave £6 for the buggy ; when he bought it, told witness to say, if anyone asked him, that he paid £9 for the buggy and harness. John Pendleton, carpenter, deposed he knew the prisoner; on the 10th October, called at Ferguson's house on the sand-hills ; was told he did not live there, but had moved to Newtown ; went to Newtown and found his wife and children living in a house there ; there was about half-a-mile between the two houses. The Rev. Mr. Wiles, Wesleyan minister, deposed he knew Ferguson and his family on the sand-hill ; in October last saw them living at Newtown ; it must have been before the middle of the month. Mr. Fitzhardinge having addressed the jury, his Honor summed up, and the jury after a short consideration, acquitted the prisoner. His Honor said he thoroughly agreed with the verdict. Ho supposed the witness Smith would be prosecuted ; but he believed there would be no possibility of convicting him. The Attorney-General said he would try that. He had obtained some fresh evidence, and certainly intended to prosecute Smith. His Honor called up Smith, and told him that it was the intention of the Attorney General to prosecute him, and asked him whether he would have the trial proceeded with at once, or let it stand over to the next assizes. Smith, through his attorney (Mr. Windeyer) elected to let it stand over, stating that he had witnessss at a distance whose attendance he should require. The Attorney-General was then asked whether he would have Smith apprehended. He said an information would be lodged, and proceedings taken in the usual manner before the Bench. This concluded the business of the Court, which was then adjourned sine die. DESTRUCTION OF THE FREE BRIDGE.-On Monday morning, the river having subsided to some extent, that historic barge, "The Nangus," facetiously designated " the Free Bridge," might be seen attached to, and partially suspended by, vulgar hempen cords, which were secured to a stake driven into the river bank upon the wharf reserve. It was a touching sight -rather. There are "sermons in stones," and surely lieve was something to induce reflection in the mind ?given to moralising. Here was a noble structure, designed for the purpose of ex panding the great commercial relations be tween the vast interior of this noblo country ?and the dwellers in cities on the southern borders of the bounding and boundless'ocean ; to establish between those who " go down to the sea in ships" and tho men who gather from their flocks and herds "upon a thousand hills" material which should freight those ships for the shores of Europe until they groaned and creaked with their weights of wealth-here, we say, was this noble structure.suspended, in the most debas ing position-not exactly between heaven .and earth, but between earth and water ; all the high hopes aud aspirations with which she was first launched, dissipated and wrecked, her commercial character altogether destroyed; degraded first to the level of a mere stepping stone for wicked men who rebelled against the disbursement of " three penny bits" (those vile coins invented by the devil to cheat the church), and who did not scruple to tread her glorv into the mud rathei' than contribute to the Bridge Com pany's dividend ; and when she could no longer be used in this ignominious manner, hung to a stake to suffer the agonies of ..Tantalus, beholding the waters of her native river gliding under her prow, but in which she was forbidden to lave so much as one of her ribs. It was too much for the old lady ; the cords answering for her nerves became over-strained; they gave way under the overwrought tension, and she went away into her native element with a plunge that must have alarmed the patriarchal tenants of the stream, to say nothing of the " Free bridgers." "Full many a fathom down" she could not go. Her nose came into un dignified contact with the bottom, and she reared her stern in a spasmodic kind of a way and plunged again. Again she recoiled, and giving " A liesl and tlien a lurch to port. And going down head foremost, sunk, in short!" She rose again, however, waterlogged, but when drifting a disfigured wreck along the muddy stream, she came immediately oppo site the point whore her greatest indignity had been inflicted' (her old moorings, as the " Free Bridge "), she rolled over in the most reproachful attitude (bottom upwards)'into the " approach from Kincaid-street" and gave up the ghost. Will 110 kind hand throw a shroud over her remains for decency's sake? CONFIRMATION.-The Bishop of Goulburn reached Wagga on Saturday afternoon about 5 o'clock from Wantabadgery. His Lord ship preached in St. John's Church on Sunday morning, but owing to the steady continuous rain the congregation was not, as it would doubtless otherwise have been, a large one. He gave notice of a meeting of ladies (engaged in advancing the bazaar) for Monday afternoon at the Parsonage, and a Church-committee meeting, for urgent and important business, on Monday night at the Court-house. At half-past three o'clock, p.m., pursuant to arrangement, his Lordship (assisted by the Rev. Samuel Harpur, incum bent) held a Confirmation service at which twelve young persons (five females, and seven males) released their godfathers and godmothers from all further spiritual liability on their accounts. The relatives of the con firmed attended the service, but the rain continuing to come down smartly, there was not anything like the attendance which this interesting service usually brings together. The Bishop delivered an excellent practical discourse and exhortation intended specially for the moral and religious benefit of the young persons who had just been confirmed. He took his text from the 9th verse of the 29th chapter of Deuteronomy-" Keep, there fore, the words of this covenant, and do them ; that ye may prosper in all that ye do." The Sacrament was partaken of by several members of the congregation, including those who had been confirmed. The Bishop did not take any part in the evening service. The darkness and wetness of the night thinned the congregation to a greater extent than in the morning and afternoon. Collec tions were made specially in aid of the Goul burn Church Society in every case after the different services, but we fear the result was not very satisfactory to his Lordship. The Bishop's style of preaching is good and impressive. His periods are well arranged, and sententious ; he never loses the practical point of his subject in flowery simile, or verbose parenthesis ; and makes no attempt at mere pulpit oratory, which too frequently degenerates into pointless decla mation. His discourses are short (which is an admirable quality), perspicuous, compre hensive, practical, and adapted to the most ordinary capacity, forcible, and (to as great an extent as can be looked for now-a-days) Evangelical. TUB BISHOP.-His Lordship leaves Wagga Wagga on Thursday morning, and proceeds to Albury. Thence he goes on to Corowa, Deniliquin, Moama, Wentworth, Balranald, and Euston, returning by Hay, and Naran dera, to Wagga Wagga, which he anticipates reaching, in May. From Wagga Wagga he will go on to Gundadai, Adelong, and Tumut, taking Yoss on his way home, which will complete the pastoral tour of one colonial Bishop rcund a diocese as large nearly as Great Britain. THE ALFRED REEF, KYAMBA.—This promising new reef had the honour on Monday morning last of being christened by his Honor the Chief-Justice. A deputation of the miners waited upon his Honor at Mr. Rogers's Hotel, at Alfredtown, for the pur pose of showing him some line specimens of the stone found in the neighbourhood. His Honor said he was glad to see such favour able indications of a profitable gold-field being opened up, and trusted they would allow him to christen their prize the Alfred Reef. We hear from Mr. Rogers that the prospect continues to improve, and that in a short time some specimens of the stone will be brought into town. THE MELBOURNE MAIL.-Much to the general annoyance no Melbourne mail has reached Wagga Wagga since Saturday, and we are, therefore, unable to give the Victorian stock reports as usual. The reason of the delay, wo are informed, is that the dircct bi-weekly mail between Wagga and Albury having commenced on the 1st instant, the mails were detained in order to be sent by that route ! The Albury official, or whoever it was that achieved this triumph of red tapeism, must be a genius ia his way. To whom but a master-blunderer could it have occurred to detain a daily mail to catch a bi-weekly ditto ? Wo are assured, lioweverj that the stupid mistake will not occur again, and in the meantime we may expect tlio letters that should have arrived on Sunday and Monday, to-day. CHURCH MEBTISG.-A special meeting o£ the committee of the Church of England .for this district was convened on Monday even ing at the Court-house, at 8 o'clock, the Lord Bishop of Goulburn in the chair. There was a full attendance of members. Prayer having been offered, the Bishop stated that he had felt considerable anxiety to ascertain the. actual state of Church matters in this district, where some difficulties had been"encountered in collecting the clergyman's stipend. . This district was not altogether exceptional in this respect; the same difficulty existed elsewhere, but more particularly in those places which did not pay their clergymen through the Goulburn Church Society. He was very anxiouS indeed that every district should do this, and there were but three places in the diocese (Wagga Wagga, Deniliquin, and Corowa) that had not adopted the system. It was found to work well, and conduced very ^much to the comfort of the clergyman supported by voluntary contributions. Tlie only thing to be attended to was punctuality in remitting the collections, which should take place a little before the lapse of each quarter. He did not think clergymen should know anything at all about the collection of their stipends, or who subscribed to them. He had no doubt they managed to find out something about this, but it was not neces- sary they should know it, nor was it advis- able. He hoped the gentlemen present would endeavour to meet his views in this matter, and pay through the society. He knew that there were arrears of stipend due in this district, but he did not thmk there would he any trouble in making collections to meet them. It was objectionable that ministers should be kept without their stipend an unreasonable time ; to men of sensitive minds this had a depressing effect, they were compelled to contract liabilities and a sense ot debt or obligation in this direction was bad, and prevented ministers doing their duties independently and effectually. He had fallen in with a sug gestion made to issue promissory notes, to be accepted by subscribers to the stipend, in the district, but he confessed to much doubt at the time as to the propriety of such, a measure. People were very ready and willing to promise payment of subscriptions, but shrank from signing a bond or guarantee for that purpose ; they wished always to he able to conclude such a contract whenever they pleased. He had called this meeting in order to hear such observations as any gentleman had to make on the subject of Church matters in the district, and waited the discussion of them. What followed was of a conversational character. Reference was made to the state of the funds, when it was found that a portion of the stipend for the quarter ended 31st December, 1869, was still due, and the whole of the quarter to 31st March, 1870. The indefatigable Secre- tary and Treasurer, Mr. Cottee, hoped to be able to meet these payments shortly, and the meeting generally expressed the hope that subscribers would see the necessity of a prompt discharge of their liabilities to the Church. Some persons were found to be deeply in arrears of pew rents and stipend subscription. The Rev. S. Harpur (who was not in attendance) had submitted a pro- gramme of services to be held during the rest of the year, naming the places for hold- ing services, the day and hour ; and the meeting were of opinion that if the In- cumbent faithfully earned out the details of this programme subscriptions would come in readily and regularly. When printed, we shall copy this programme into our columns. After some further conversation, upon the duty and necessity of Clergmen visiting their congregations, and its effect on the funds, the meeting separated after the usual benediction had been pronounced by the Bishop. TURNING THE TABLES.—A rather singular case was heard before the Chief Justice, yesterday, which resulted, or will result, in the prosecutor and prisoner changing places. A man named Ferguson was charged with stealing a pair of shafts. The shafts were found in the possession of a man, named Smith, who said, when asked how he came by them, that he had bought them from Ferguson. Ferguson was arrested at Temora, and brought to Wagga by the round-about route of Young, Guudagai, &c.; There was no evidence against him but the statement of Smith, but he was committed for trial. The Attorney-General on reading the depositions directed an information to be laid also against Smith. The charge against Smith was heard on Monday, before Mr. Tompson, who, however, found him- self unable on the evidence to commit the prisoner. Ferguson was put on his trial yesterday, and Smith appeared as the principal witness against him. The jury at once acquitted the prisoner. The Judge expressed his entire concurrence in the verdict, whereupon the Attorney-General announced his intention to prosecute Smith, and that person being given his choice whether he would stand his trial at once, or have it postponed till next assizes, chose the postponement. COMMISSION IN TIIE CASE OF LONDON AND AUSTRALIAN AGENCY CORPORATION v. CLARENCE. - A Commission, consist- ing of Messrs. Dowling, Cook, and H. B. Fitzhardinge, commenced its sittings yesterday evening at the Australian Hotel, to take evidence in the case above noted, to be forwarded to the Corporation in Mel- bourne for the purposes of legal action. The particulars of the suit were explained some time since in our columns, and arose, as will be remembered, out of a guarantee for money said to have been given by Mr. Clarence for the benefit or interest of Mr. Lewis, and which Mr. Clarence disclaimed as to the amount. We shall probably be in a position to give particulars of the evidence in our next publication. CIVIL JURYMEN.-On the conclusion of the criminal business yesterday evening, his Honor, the Chief-Justice desired it to be particularly understood that all gentlemen summoned as special jurors for the forth coming Civil Sittings should be present punctually at ten o'clock on Thursday morning. ACCIDENT.—The late rise in the river had filled the Lagoon, which forms what is known as Mrs. Brown's Island, where some Chinese gardeners are located. Three of these Celestials, driving a horse and cart loaded with vegetables were coming out of the Island a few days ago, and in consequence of the increased volume of water, mistook the regular road, and were washed into the Lagoon. The vegetables all floated off ; the horse with some difficulty effected a landing, and one Chinaman, by lashing his pigtail to the fence, managed to assist the other two to terra firma ! THE FOLEY TROUPE.—This capital com- pany are still performing at the Australian to excellent houses. Nothing more inimit- able in its way than the burlesque acting and singing of Master Johnny Foley can be imagined, while his sister's sweet voice and sweeter face always win her hosts of friends aud admirers. The success of the company has induced Mr. Foley to prolong his stay, and performances are an- nounced for the rest of the week. MR. WALKER.—We are glad to hear that Mr. Walker, about whose absence from home disagreeable reports were current, has returned. We understand he has purchased a property in Melbourne, and is about to remove there with his family. ODDFELLOWS' BALL.—The society of Odd- fellows announce a grand ball to be held at the Commercial on Easter Monday. The arrangements, we understand, are to be on a most extensive scale, and no doubt it will be a most brilliant affair. \ .TOAD a--Att^traLISJ.-1" -A- most brilliant aurora was visible between eleven and twelve last night.' The whole southern heavens wbre splendidly illuminated ' with rose ^Touted light; dark.bars of cloud shewed in strong relief against the ruddy ground while tongues of flame- coloured light shot quivering from the horizon almost to .the zenith It was one of the. grandest exhi bitions of celestial pyrotechnics we ever .witnessed, and lasted with more or less brilliatfcv for fully half an hour, when the spleiuUcL^spectacle slowly faded, leaving a short time no trace of .the glory that had ^The Casino TRAGEDY.-The Attorney General has declined to file a'bill against Mr. Fawcett, the P.M., of Casino, committed for trial for the manslaughter of Colin Campbell. It would appear to. he a case ot mis-adventure, although the circumstances attending the death of the unfort ard 8till enveloped in mystery. ,r i" EXECUTION AT Biusdasb.-Ou Monday the last sentence of the lw T caime d:in the Brisbane Gaol upon east, convictcd of the wilfu Patrick' Hamott, in the neighbourhood of 1 Fortitude Valley, in JaTiuiify iast Ihe wretch eil man appeared rcs.gncd to his fate, and manifested every sign of COL T T ""- . THE Pyrmont Bri&gw; Mur-der. ^ rnmourisin circulation m connection w.tli the death o£ the woman Margaret Bo>ce, that were the Government to offer a reward for the apprehension o£ the suspected mau, known as "The Slab," information would Melbourne V. SYDNEY.-The travelling correspondent of the Empire conc udes a rather hurried sketch of Wagga as follows " Wag"a Wagga is equi-distant from the two capitaffbcin^in roAnd numbers 300 miles front each; hut the business done with each is not .in the same proportion. agents are actively, at work, and the ssouthjs elbowing the north out of the market. I see no real cause for this, except superior smart ass and activity. Let us look at the tariffs and duties. The ad valorem duty of Ivew South Wales is five per cent., that ot Vic toria is ten per cent. On the great d»tiable article, alcohol, the two colonies agree to differ; both charge 10s. a g^Uou hub Vic toria charges m bulk, while Ncv , Wales measures both qnantityand allow in" a rebate on underproot spirit, i iius in bonS I saw a five-gallon ease of Hew South Wales gin, the duty on wll,<j * was thus reduced to £0 13s. 4d., w no "Victorian tariff would have been £10. >> then, should we let the trade slide from us. Articles on which the duty amounts . to £15,000 per annum are conaumed. or im i i«T» Wifrrri. and only £4000 ot IhtatSonfrsiuth Wales goods. It follows that the balance is on Victorian. Netv. South Wales has the undeniable advan tages of an easier tariff, a lighter duty, nearei railway communication, a !New South Wales population, and prior possession of the ground ; and yet, in spite of these, manifest opportunities, the business is gliding south to Melbourne. Why not push on the Southern railway, to the Murrmnbidgee 1 Why not have done it years ago? It s not too late even now to do so; tn make tlns town a creat 'depot of inland traffic, and fight for the trade of Ttiverina. But let the railway be completed to Wodonga, ' may bid a'long good-night to this wealthy district of New South Wales. "BREEDING TELIA"-Ihe has had its attention directed to the foliou ing account sales of eight fleeces taken from sbeep {si* ewes and two rams) exhibited at the "Wagga Waraa show of 1808, V>y ' ' Campbell, J.P., of Cunningham Plains, Murtumburrah :-Account^ sales ^ " j °eg fleeces out of bale l^o. 494, e . -Lister," mark SKS, sold at 6th December, 1800. net lbs., SO; P1CL 1 amount,.- J*d.. FromJbhi_s tfnat the eight fleecus of greasy wooTweignec 80 lbs., and tho amount for which it was sold gives an average of 8s. 4d. per fleece. The Cunningham Plains sheep have for many years passed possessed a widely-spread repu tation for both wool and carcass, ana. Air. Caitfpbell may be congratulated, not °"'y .because of the above unusually excellent .retjirn, but on the fact of breeding a class of sheep that yield so heavily of the staple pro duct of the colony. MEDICAL CotiontERS. - The Freeman n Journal says:-" Dr. Wilson, in drawing the attention of the House, on Wednesday night .last, to the alleged misconduct of the district coroner for Wagga Wagga, is reported to liave said:-' He desired to draw the atten tion of the Government to the impropriety of appointing medical men as coroners. If we .were to'have coroners they ought to be non professional men. As a rule, the coroners' ? inquests held in the country districts were a disgrace to us. He thought it would be well if we were to have in the country magisterial inquiries instead of coroners' iuquests, as ?was the case in Scotland.' We perfectly agree with. Dr. Wilson, that no medical man should be appointed coroner. We even go farther, and have no hesitation in saying that no professional man should be put on the Commission of the Peace. We have no grounds to expeefc unbiassed judgment or strict justice from men whose social relations with particular lrembers of the community are very intimate. This is especially true of doctors." How TO MAKE Scoak.-To show what may be done by an intelligent and dotermined . man in this pursuit, we quote tho following ' from a northern contemporary : - " Mr. Julian, of Christmas Creek, made a very good table sugar in the following rustic way :-He crushed the cane between two rollers of his own make, worked by a horse ; and boiled the syrup in two galvanised iron tubs. In all he made two hundred-weight of sugar by this mebhod from plant cane twelve months of the "ribbon" variety. He believes he could manufacture as much as one hundred weight of sugar per day in this way. The article'was not centrifucled, nevertheless it is worth about 4d. or 4*d. per pound retail, and various quantities have been disposed of at those prices in the neighbourhood. Mr. Julian believes he could realise from one ton and three-quarters to two tons of sugar to the aero in this manner, provided the canes reached an average richness of juice." From this, perhaps, it may be inferred that much . may yet be done in sugar-making with very inexpensive machinery, and some of our readers may act on the hint. BcrsiurEN avd tfie BAD TIMES.-A bush man, writing under the signature " Punch," . states that many of his fraternity are out of work, and wholly unable to procure employ ment, partly through the general depression of the pastoral interest, and partly from the fencing of runs, by which stations where CO or 70 men were formerly employed can now be worked with two or three, and raw hands from town, or even boys, are employed in place of experienced shepherds. Ho also aays that the squatters charge as much for slops and tobacco as they did in bettor times; and finally,' that tliey will not give a meal to .. "a poor travelling bushman unless he pays for it, anil even thon it is only clamper and mut ton. This, ho says, is hard times for " one . who has been in the lonely solitary bush for half a lifetime, living in tents, wnrleys, and nondescripts of all descriptions, amongst -dust, snakes, lizards, centipedes, and all "- manner of varmint." *,j Loss OF LIFE AT THE RICHMOND RIVER HEADS.-It appears, by the Clarence Em ' miner, that on Thursday, the 3rd March, the captains of tho Douglas and Royal Duke, took a boat belonging to the latter vessel, in order to go on shore, making the boat fast on . the beach, which by some means got adrift, and'being observed by tho crew of the Douglas, four men manned a boat, and pulled for tho drifting boat, which they . . reached just on the Richmond bar, when no sooner had they dono so, than the pulling boat was capsized, and the four men precipi tator into the .boiling surf, throe of whom were at once carried out to sea and perished . the fourth, a strong powerful man, succeeded in grasping the boat, and ceuld be seen for hours afterwards seated oil the same, which was turned bottom upwards, and was being constantly washed by the heavy seas break ing in, while it was impossible to render hirJi any assistance, as 110 boat would live in such a sea. Mr. Easton, the pilot, with his crew, however, anchored his boat off, and with a long rope, let out a life buoy, which was close alongside the poor fellow for a long time, but yet that high was the surf, lie could not see it. and at dark it was hauled in, and the poor fellow left to perish, as to attempt to go oif in such a surf, would only be risking a number of lives. About eight o'clock in the evening, a loud cooey was heard in the direc tion of the-bar, when the boats again put off, and to their .astonishment, the fourth man, whose name we liave not heard, was seen swimming in with the tide, which had turned and was llowing up tlie river at the time, when he was immediately rescued ; and his first act was to make one as a -volunteer to man a boat to go outside in search of his comrades, but of course, as they were known to have perished, and it not being safe, his suggestion was very wisely declined. AT the recent nuetinqof the Cjmmcrcial Bank shareholders in Melbourne, the chair man of the directors, in reply to a question by a shareholder why Mr. Draper, who de frauded the bank, was appointed accountant, replied, "At the time the appointment was made there was only one otlior man amongst the applicants considered suitable for the post-that was Mr. Dickson, subsequently connected with the Oriental Bank, and who robbed that bank of over £5000. (Great laughter.)" We wonder that the share holders, who were of such a Mark Tapleyian disposition as to indulge in '' great laughter " at their loss, did not sing Maclicath's. song in "The Beggars' Opera," "How happy could I be with either," etc. Hokiuble Muiidkr BY THE BLACKS ON THE -MACLK.vy.-On Wednesday morning at day light, says the ATacleay Herald, a party of blacks, said to be from the Macleay, fell upon a number of blacks camped at Maclean's Palls, and shot one in the head, cut his throat, smashed his skull in, and cut off both arms; they nearly killed another, and then leisurely started off down the river. Con stable Vivian and some of the residents started after them, and overtook them on the beach, when .they made tliem give up all their weapons. Nearly every man was armed with gun, and each gun was loaded with a ball. As the deed was not witnessed by any white person, they could not take the murderers into custody ; according to blackfellows' notions they had only been doing justice, and this is si^posed to be in return for the slaying of "Blue Shirt." A' Macleay black, called Carpenter, was, it is believed, the foremost in the attack. The district of the Macleay, I believe, is the only one in the colony where blacks are allowed to carry guns. 