THE FLANEUR IX SYDNEY. Amidst all the excitement caused by the exp^ctei arrival of tho mail to-day, the 'political situation,' the approaching Ministerial elections, aud otlur matters of that kind, the one fact that stands out prominently before all is tk« manifest preparation on all Bides for Christmas. So as to-morrow will be Christmas Eve, and I understand that you are likely then to be 'thronged' with the English news, and I am modest enough to think that if I Bhould he shut out it would he a cause for puhlic mourning at a time of festivity, I anticipate hj' a day my usual contribution. I am full of Christmas. Even the literary duel, which I think llireatens to grow into fisticuffs, between Messrs. Forster and Parkes, loses its interest for the time ; and that long list of confiding creditors who appear to have had a just appreciation of disinterested patriotism is almost banished from memory for the nonce — but not quite though. Was ever there such a specimen of ingenuity in financial operations ': By Jove, sir, you have found your Treasurer at last. That's the man to raise the wind in our empty Treasury '. Forget him, indeed ! Oh no '. I can fancy some of the credulous ones whose names figure in the list, and who don't quite forget the Kiama mystery yet, replying to a similar question in the precise words of Funilet to his father's spirit : Remember tuee ? Aye, thoupooit 'Ghost,' while memory holds a seat In this distracted brain ! I have not a very bad opinion of my compatriots, but must confess that I never before believed that there was s' much genuine benevolence in the country. Why, the victims seem to have bled literally like calves. Talk of ' the butcher, the baker, the candlestick-maker' — this list completely eclipses that famous assemblage of industrious tradesmen. Here we have wine-merchants, printers, lawyers, newspaper proprietors, members of Parliament galore (ten belonging to one House and three to tho other !), squatters, anti-squatters, Catholics, Protestants, Jews, Uni versity professors, banks, aldermen, chemists, grocers, agents, brewers, bootmakers, butchers, auctioneers, drapers, stationers, Government offi cials — oh ! the list swells into proportions so enor mous that the imagination can hardly grasp it ; and I stand rapt, amazed, and dazzled at the genius which could thus effectually mesmerise so vast and varied a throng ! Then there is that Russian war rumour — I should have liked to have had something to say about that, for I am afraid it will turn out to he a ' true bill.' It is moBt fortunate for the political welfare and the statesmanship of the country that that gallant officer, Major Windeyer, has retired on his rank just in time, for old Admiral Popoff will pop in here again some fine morning ; and although the Major, once mounted on Bucephalus, would have pluck enough to charge a Eussian iron-clad, he might chance to come to grief, and then what would become of the country ? But, as I said before, to-morrow will be Christmas Eve, and I'll none of anything else. Zounds, marry come up, i'fackins, and i'fega, and all the other fourteenth and fifteenth century incom prehensibilities of our forefathers, shall we turn our backs upon Christmas ? Go to ! Most surely not. And though our merry fatherland we ne'er again may see, Nor dance beneath the mistletoe, or round the- old oak tree ; Nor wander through those meadow lands, with daisies sprinkled o'erf Or listen to the midnight 'waits' before the old hall door : Yet memory holds, with fond delight, in these sere autumn years. The scenes and sounds like heav'n to sight, and music to the ears ; The cherished forms of vanish'd times again my fancy sees. And brings their merry laughter down, like music on tho breeze ; The blaring fire on Christmas Eve, the children's noisy glee ; The mirth, from indecorum and from affectation frco ; The friendly senior's furtive smile to see the Btol'n caress— And all the ruddy glow around that spoke of happiness ! But what's the use of me blowing my old penny whistle on a subject that is not my strength but my weakness ? The man who could sing and say of Christmas time is dead and gone — pillowed among the other illustrious dead in Westminster Abbey, I know that some critics insist upon it that Dickens got up his pathos artificially; but I care nought for such criticisms. Edgar Allan Poe, or somebody for him, published a long and detailed account of the methodical and mechanical manner in which he composed his remarkable poem of 'The Raven.' I don't believe a word of it; and now there is a new story— that Poe never wrote ' The Kaven' at all. My belief is that although some of the most touching passages, in poetry and prose, may not have been inspired by the feeling they express, they must necessarily create that feeling by their conception in tho mind of the composer. Although there was plenty of heartiness, there seems to have been abundance of coarseness in the manner in wnicn our ancestors celebrated. Unnstmas. All the records, songs, and poems of thoBe old times are on the stock subjects of eating and drinking. Beef and ale figure in every chaunt and ditty ; but, however it may have been with the beef, it must not be supposed that the ale waa anything like the generous tipple we get in our days, but a wishy washy kind of affair ; and an official called the ' ale-conner,' in everr district, went round after every brewing, tested the ale, and fixed the price according to quality — provided that it was never allowed to exceed one penny halfpenny a gallon — the maximum fixed by our warlike monarch King Edward the Third. It would not be a bad thing if we had some such regulation here as to the supervision of our liquoring ; and, by-the-bye, what a splendid billet that of the 'ale-conn cr' of a district would be for some of the loafers who are always seen hanging about the doers of hotels and restaurants as the interesting hour of^luncheon approaches ! About tho samo time — that ia in the reign of the hero of Crecy ? there lived, or rather, bung-out, in London, a person called Lyckpenny, who seems to have been as famous and popular in his way as our own peri patetic philosopher of the ' wax matches a penny a box — cigars a penny each.' Here is a scrap of one of Lyckpenny's recorded ditties — tho sublime subject being, as usual, the st mach : Cookcs to me they tonke goodentent. And profer'd me bread and ale and wyne, Eybbs of befe both fat and ful fyne. I suppose they called that poetry in those days ;? but probably th e poetry lay in the eating and the drinking. There is a record of tho bill of fare of a 'banquet' given about this time by the Brewers' Company, in tho City of London : and a rare mess it seems to have been — cheap and nasty ; though of course the prices are not to be judged according to the present value of money. Here are a few of the items, with their cost : ' 2 necks mutton, 3 breasts, 12 marrowbones— 2s 5d ; C swans— 15s ; 12 conies— 3s ; 200 eggs— Is 6d; 2 gallons fermenty— Id ; 2 gallons cream— 8d; 1 potrtel fresh grease— 8d.' The feast must have been greasy enough, in all conscience, ?nd reminds one of Smollet's 'Feast after the manner of the Ancients.' Here are some of the provisions that were made for ' the dhrinkin :' '11 gallons red wine— 9s 2d ; 4 gallons milk— 4d ; 1 kilderkin good ale— 4d.' The record does not state whether dyspep9ia_ afflicted any of the worshipful Brewers after this portentous 'blow-out;' but I ?oppose they were used to that land of thing. I should like to say a good denl more about Christmas in the olden time — how the bear's head was carried in with set ceremonial, and the rules for carving and eating it ; how the Yule log must not be entirely burnt, but a portion ol it kept till next Christmas Day, because that would kr-cp thedev ? you know who I mean — out of the house for twelve months, and hov,- a book was published by a sort of Master of Ceremonies, in order (o teach people how to behave at table. Seme of the advice -would appear to be superfluous at the present day ; but those who occasionally dino or lunch at restaurants may see reason to doubt this. I cannot refrain from giving a specimen or two from this antiquated Book of Courtesy : I*t not thi spone stand in thi dysche, Whether thoube served with fleshe or fysche ; l\'c lay bit down on thi dysche fide, But cleanse hit bonestiie without pride ; Also eschew, wituoutensiryfe, To foul the bordc-clothe with thy knyfe. The modus operandi of ' cleansing'' the spoorj, 'honestly and without pride,' is not given, but much is left to the imagination. Here is a hint for those who will take it ; and it must be remembered, moreover, thnt there were no forks in those days : With mete ne bore thi knyfc to mouth ; so that the practice still in U6e amongst some savages, of shovelling their food into their mouths on the blade of a knife, was censured even when the only alternative was to use the fingers. Here is a hint that Ihe guest ought not to stir up his drink with his finger or thumb : Dip not thy tbombe thi drynke into, Thou art uncurtasyc hyf thou hyt do. ' So we should think, 6ays a commentator. v\ eu, old Chaucer, somewhere about this time, gave the public also seme 'hints on etiquette,' in his Canterbury Tale. He praises the Lady Prioress woundily for her dainty manner of eating and drinking at table; and from the prominent notice of what this lady did not do, some idea may be formed of what others did do — leading to the conclusion that they coald not be very nice people to dine or sup with. However, here is the Prioress : She lette ne morsel from hirelippes falle, Ne vrette hire fingres in hire sauce depo ; ?\Yel coud she cane a morsel, and wel kepe, Thatte no drope ne fellc upon hire brest. Tho Priore6s was as exemplary a lady in drinking as in eating, and we may judge from the following what swizelling end guzzling pigs some of our great and glorious ancestors were, when this lady is bo bepraised for not being the same : Hire ovcr-lippc wiped she so clene, That in hire cup was no fcrthing scne Of gresc, when she drunken hadde hire draught. One hardly knows whether most to admire the dainty lady who did not befoul her draught with greasy lips, nor let the food tumble out of her mouth, or the curious observer who noted all these peculiarities. I have one more quotation about old timeB. You know it was the custom to have Christmas Eongp adapted to the particular day of the week upon which Christmas Day might happen to fall. This year it falls upon a Sunday, and the stanza of one of those old ditties adapted to the occasion contains some pre dictions which, I am sorry to Bay, don't seem very likely to be fulfilled. It is as follows : Lordynges, I wsrne yon al beforne, Yet that day that Cryste was borne Falle upon a Sunday ; That wynter shall be good par fay, But grcte wyndes alofte shall be ; The somer shall be fayre and dric ; Throw allcj landes shall be peas And good tyme allthyngcs to don ; And be that stalytbe he shall be fownd sone : What chylde that daye borno be A gretc lorde he shall ge. So that, in this prolific country, we shall no doubt have a good many ' great lords ' in embryo coming into the world next Sunday. What picturesque old donkeys our ancestors were ! There may be plenty of ' peas ' throughout the lands, but I am afraid that there won't be much peace. I believe the old custom of ' ChriBtmas candleB11 has not been imported or acclimatised here. Per haps, in these times of intolerance, it would be denounced as Eomanish ; to which I unhesitatingly answer— bosh ! Many a happy scene I remember amongst the juveniles, when I was one of them, with the tiny table laid out with miniature supper ser vice, and the Christmas candles, of all conceivable colours, lighting up the little ' fo:tive board.' The custom obtained in England centuries ago ; but I think that one of the misfortunes of this country is tho absence or the paucity of innocent amusements at home for the young. However, I am not going to moralise ; and, having got to the length of my tether, make my bow, wishing a Merry Christmas to all, not forgetting a Happy New Tear. 