THE TREATMENT OF ENGLISE CORRESPONDENTS IN FRANCE. (VBOU THE DAILY NEWS.) Mbtz, August 7, 11 am. I arrived at Metz this morning at six o'clock from Nancy. On my arriving at the Hotel de 1'Europe, I immediately per ceived that something was going wrong. I asked for a bedroom, and the landlady said they had not one at the moment, but they might have one later if, as it appeared, the officers belonging to the Emperor's staff would have left the place. Meanwhile the scene at the hotel presented a most exciting aspect The waggons of the Etats-Majors, which for several days had been filling up the whole courtyard, were being got ready for leaving. The officers were packing up their things in great haste. Some of them seemed very busy giving orders ; othere were taking breakfast in the table d'hote room ; others, again, seemed ready for starting, and were discussing with great passion the issue of late events. Though 1 was about the only burgeoise there, and saw that the officers looked at me in a very suspicious sort of way, I did not stir from my place. I had not been sitting down an hour at the cafe before the hotel, when up came a veterinary officer whom I had known not long ago, and who I knew to belong to General Ladmirault's corps. The news he gave me was sufficient to justify the terror and panic one read in everybody's face. A fierce battle had been going on ever since Thursday. The rest of the army was completely en route, and not withstanding the valour shown by the troops, it seemed impossible to arrest the progress of the Prussians. The 7Gth and 77th Regiments of the Line had kept for four hours their position against something like fifty thousand men. One regiment of Chasseurs and another of Cuirassiers had been completely destroyed. One battalion of the 40th, a thousand strong, had retired with one hundred and five men. Of the three other battalions, it was with the greatest difficulty that two could be formed with only one officer per company. As to the feeling in the whole army against General MacMahonand the leading officers, it is something tremendous. What was your plan ! they keep asking. Why weaken our forces bv occtiDvinc such a lone line when the enemy was only a few miles dis tant) and it would be impossible for us to concentrate at a given point when the enemy might be upon us at every moment Why march against Saarbruck when the whole army was not yet in a position to engage in separate battles 1 Not half of the African corps had arrived. Thousands of men had not yet joined their regiments, and as to speaking of the commissariat de partment, it has proved truly inefficient It is not a question of time — it is a ques tion of military organisation. The Prussian system is so easy and so simple that an army, however numerous it may be, is sure to meet with no such inconveniences ae have been experienced on this occasion by the French. What moral influence can a general such as MacMahon have in his army when the men, even the most unin structed, see with their own eyes the mis management of the whole undertaking ? What can men think of their generals, and with what heart can they combat to invade a hostile country when food, and straw, and hay, and all that is- requisite for an army is wanting them in their own country. How is it possible that the general officers immediately under the commanders oi tnis miserable war can execute witn zeal and with punctuality the orders they re ceive, when a general like MacMahon is heard to say after having fought for so many hours that he must stop because they have no more ammunition ? The fact is that the morale of the whole army has greatly suffered. When on the field of battle soldiers will never lament much at Beeing a regiment returning from the fight reduced to a half or a quarter its number, as long as they are assured that some good has come out of it And when they per ceive that valour and elan are useless be fore an enemy who only acts according to strict strategy, they lose their spirits, The people at Metz are in a most excited state of mind. They have not one man in town, and the Prussians are reported to have occupied St Avoid, which is only about fifteen miles from here. The Prussians have now the line to Forbach, and have taken possession of it Some friends of mine were at the railway station all night yesterday, waiting to see the arrival of the wounded, but not one appeared. Where are they ? In whose hands ? Some of the officers who have made their way back here say they lost all their baggage, Just as I was writing I heard a great row going on in the courtyard. I went down and saw that tlie guards at the gate had been ordered o£ The servants were putting the officers' baggage iu the wag gons, and they all seemed to be in a great hurry. I am told that the Emperor in tends removing his head-quarters, perhaps to Nancy, as the Prussians appear to be directing themselves towards that town. . Great excitement prevails. The Emperor's carriage and horses are being brought to the railway station. I shall go there and try to get information. Sunday, 9 p. in. It is not the account of some ereat battle that your readers must expect from me. Newspaper correspondents seem to be ftared more than tho Prussians themselves. I closed my letter this morning, saying that I intended going to the railway station, and perhaps seeing the Emperor off. Well, I shall now attempt to narrate as fully aud aa clearly as possible my day's adven ture. As I left the hotel I met Mr. Simpson, of the Illustrated London Neios, and Mr. Mayhew and his son, of the Globe, who, like myself, wore going to the railway station. As we walked along and saw the Emperor's carriages and baggage being put on waggons, we began talking about the war, and the latest news that had arrived. Mr. Simpson said he thought the Bceue before us so picturesque that he would take a sketch of it According be drew out of his pocket his note-book aud began sketching one of tlie Emperor's carriages. ' We saw a lot of soldiers surrounding us, ' but took no notice of them. A few minutes afterwards afl, artillery o&Vjer; in white trousers and blue jacket came up to us, and looking very hard said : — ' One of these gentlemen was sketching something. May I see what it was V Mr. Simpson took out of his pocket the book, and showed it to him. The officer examined it, he looked round, and in a moment we found ourselves in the midst of some fifty artillerymen. ' A la place,' cried the officer, upon which the soldiers gut hold of us, aud informed us tbat we were their prisoners. 'What for?' asked I. 'Ah lie villain espiou Prussieu vous verrez,' was the satisfactory answer I got The officer was leading the way, and to have seen him walk ing so prondly before us one would have thought that, instead of haviug got hold of us, he had taken one of the enemy's batteries. On our entering the town, a great crowd began to assemble. People came running from every side street, and the crowd swelled to such an extent, that before we reached the Cathedral-square, it uou giunu iaj ouuietllUJg UKC tUTCc WOU 6and persons. It was with the greatest difficulty the soldiers could defend us from being torn to pieces. « Tueles,' cried everyone ; ' L'espion, l'espion ; justice, justice '' I am sure that if we had had to walk another five minutes, not one of us would have been saved. However, thank God, we reached the place, and were thrown, all safe, into the guard-room— a room measuring ten feet square. The officer who was in charge of the place or dered a picket of men to be placed before the door to prevent the crowd breaking in, but ail the precautions taken did not pre vent two or three men in blouses rushing in and insulting us most grossly. There was no help for it ; we were spies, and deserved to be punished accordingly. We waited for a short time, and then in came a colonel, with several other officers. Not one of them addressed us in French, but in German, and our not answering in German was sufficient to prove that we were Pros GianC onri nmtanjiul ***** 4-_ 1 ? nr uw*uu, «»uu ^iigwuucu U\J\t W UK SO. YYfl answered all the questions addressed to us, showed our passports, but nothing seemed to satisfy them. Mr. Simpson's note-book was evidently a most aggravating circum stance. The carriage was not a carriage ; it was a plan of the fortress of Metz. We waited very patiently for an hour or bo, asked the men on guard if they would allow us to send a note to General St Sauveur, but they would allow nothing of the kini The door was flung open, and in came a gentleman with a red ribbon on his coat, and looking as white as a ghost One would have said that he had gone mad by the way he went on. He told tho officer who had questioned us not to leave us on any account, as he had sufficient proofs in his hands to prove that we were a set of spies. 'That gentleman there,' said he, pointing to Mr. Mayhew, ' came the other day at my office, and bought three copies of the Journal de la Moedle (the speaker being the editor of that paper). Now, who on earth but a spy would come' to a newspaper office and buy three — do you hear me — three copies of one paper i' The readers of the Daily Kem will of themselves understand that it was very difficult for us to know what to say in our defence when our passports and papers were not of the slightest use, and the fact that one of as bought three : copies of one journal was a sufficient reason to shoot us for being spies ! After many explanations, we induced one of the officers to take a note to General St Sauveur, explaining to him the mess we had got into, and asking him to say a word in our favour. We waited some time, and then the officer came back with an order from the general to libe rate the English journalists. The editor of Le Monileur de la Moselle began to apolo gise for his conduct towards us, saying that he had acted thus because the state of his country required every citizen to do his duty. As the crowd had been increasing before the house, and no body could have persuaded them that we were not spies, the officer suggested we should remain locked up till late. However, after one hour had elapsed, and the people seemed to be more calm, we thought we might as well take the chance and go to the hotel. The editor and two other gentlemen left the guardhouse with us, and proceeded to leave the place. But on our appearing in the street the people began shouting as loud as ever, and pushing the soldiers in order to get hold of us. I heard the editor shout ing ' They are friends ! They are friends P' but I don't know I am sure what happened after. I found myself again in the guard room, together with Mr. Mayhew and his son, Mr. Simpson having escaped all safe. We were talking amongst ourselves, of course in English, when a man in a blouse, and who, I know not why, had never left the place, went up to the officer command ing, and said that he had been listening to our conversation, and that we had been ' speaking German all the time. This rnyste ? ivuo uteui, wuu was jiuoweu vo say any thing he thought proper, and who never left us for a moment, notwithstanding that he was repeatedly ordered to do so by the general, was looking at us in a most fero cious way. On our asking whether there was any other door by which we could have gone out without waiting thereso long, we were informed that we could not go until General Coiffioiere, tbe general com manding in Metz, had seen us, and had given a special order. I must confess we were beginning to get a little tired of it. General Coiflkiere, a tall, fine man, with white moustaches, finally arrived. The 6ame story of questioning and crossques tioning began all over again. The Com missaire de Police, with another man, was introduced in order to examine the validity of our passports. On my showing the one — j-w^».*m«.w*-, wuu -. uiVdl UU1A tJWU KliQU UJO by Sir Augustus Paget only ten dayB be fore, on my leaving Florence, the Commis saire took it up, made a roll of it, and said it was a false one, and even if it were a good one it was worth nothing, for it did not provejthat it was my own. The general sat himself on the small table, and knock ing his stick on the wooden pavement, asked what had become of the sketching gentleman and his note-book. When be was told_ that Mr. Simpson had gone ofT, he went into a desperate passion, and blew the colonel up, saying that no orders, not even those of the Emperor himself, were to have been executed without hia knowing o£ them : that he -was mm/maiMa ^ *!*& safety of Metz. He then looked at us iu the face, and addressing the officers, polios agents, aud man in blouses who surrounded him, said, 'Gentlemen, you know that Mete is in a state of siege, and tfierefote I no longer under the common law. We ; lwve been too humane, too noble-heartecL too generous. 'Whilst the ftugaiaaa Lave comnmieJ the ni '-t horrible crimes against inoffuusive Frenchmen and other officers, we have suffered the enemy to abuse our geucrosity, and this is the grati tude we receive. But it must stop ouce for ever. It is a hard thing, but the law gives me the right to shoot any one 1 choose in the market- square ; and an ex ample must be given, or we shall uever have peace.' 'Bravo, General! brav.-, Commander !' cried all of them in ;i chorus. The mau in a blouse left the room, and in a secoud the whole square echoed with cries of ' Bravo, le General :' ' ilort aux esuious :' As 1 felt pretty safe that M. le General would think twice before making his experiment on an English sub ject, 1 said frankly that what he had been saying was all nonsense, aud that wheu we might prove who we were, aud why we were in Mete, it was an absurd Uiiug in sisting any longer. ' But vour capers P said the General, ' have you nothing else but your passport ?' I told him that my letters of introduction to the head quarters had, from some mystcriuus cause, never reached me, aud could only show some telegrams I had received, aud the sight oi which was sufficient tii clear up every thing. ' Well,'' said the General, ' 1 ought to ask you to give a satisfactory account of yourself within three hours; 1 shall give you fouraud twenty hours, bul 1 must tell you one thing — if you succeed in getting otii you must leave this imme diately, fur we won't stand it to have people here amongst as who keep writing against France, and favouring the cause of I'fusj-ia. You say you are the corre spondent of the ltaily Sais, eh 1' ' Yes, sir.' ' All right Good day, gentlemen,'' aud off he went. We had led the way, and now ertry moment a new spy was got hold of. Uue of them, the correspondent or the Jouni.il Jlliulrie, wasia avery bad state indeed. His coat had been torn to pieces, aud they had attempted to strangle iiim. The poor man ?was walking the street veiy peacefully, carrying a little dog with him, when a lot of people dashed upon him, and would hare murdered him, had it not been for several officers who did their best to save him. He cared little for himself, but he was in a most awful way about his dog, and offi-red any sum of money if they would bring it back to him. It was the most ludicrous thiug in the world to hear the officers questioning him, and his answering only, ' Oh '. mou petit chieu, lnon pent chieu '.' Another hour passed, when two officers of ihe Staff walked into the room and in formed us that we were at liberty to go when we liked. One of them, the Vicomte de Valcourt, who spoke J£uglish very well, expressed his moat sincere displeasure at what had taken place, aud hoped we would understand that it was not owing to auy bad feeling towards auybody, but only as a measure of precaution. The officer gave the necessary instructions to the sergeant who had charge of in tliar we mirrn: he let free, and left us uu the most amicable tt-TOis. It was getting near sis, and we decided on going. To our great surprise the man m tilt biuuse stopped us, aud said that we were ij...c five to go, und could uui leave uEtii written orders had been given to the coiouti We were quite tired of it ; «e had been there nearly six hours, and certainly the place was anything -but com fortabifc. Rnr ideni «?!-= mi K«ln f.ir ir Another half hour elapsed, when at last a major of the tuff came aad took us tu oar hotel, leaving the people, who couid make nothing of it, very much disappointed. A\ c axe all off to-night for Xancy. Duox, Monday, Aug. g. I am sure you will be very much aston ished at receiving this letter of mine from Dijon. Wheu 1 wrote my last letter from iletz, I thought all my troubles would have been at an end, but I am sorry to say they had ouly just commenced. At 1 1 o'clock the oinuibus came to the Hotel d'Euiope. It was pouring cats and dogs, aud 1 was the ouly one starting. We had just left the hotel when a gentleman ran after the omnibus, and put himself on the step. 1 recognised him for one who had been sitting at die table d'hote just oppo site to me, and whom I believed to have been some French correspondent. He kept looking at me very ferociously, and throw ing the smoke of his pipe in my face. As I thought the thing very disagreeable, I removed to the farthest end of the carriage. iiuc on my doiug so he called me by name, aud asked why I was leaving Metz. ' For a very simple reason,' said i, ' because they have ordered me to do so.' ' And where are you going V ' To Xancy.' Of a sudden he began talking German, aud as 1 could not make out one word of what he said, 1 lold him that I was an Englishman, the special correspondent of the Daily JHews, and thought it was very unjust to be vexing me continually when everything had already been most satisfactorily chared up. He never spoke till we got to the railway station, when he gave orders that I should not be allowed to stir, and my papers were taken from me. The coachman who saw me sitting there asked me to get down. ' No,' cried one of the men who had charge of me, jaw « a bjjj . u[nju nuiuu u uiuwu ue gau to assemble before the omnibus, aud cries of ' A bas la Prusse ; mort aux es jrions !' rang from every part. I waited for about half-au-iiour, when the same man who had taken my papers returned with them. He said that they were anything but satisfactory, for while I bad stated that I was a correspondent of an English paper, a, letter seat from Florence and written is Italian had been found in my possession. ' But.' said he. ' The French are not like the Prussians, and to prove this we sliall let you go off.' I thauked him, and went into the station. Just as I was going to take my ticket the same man came up tu me together with a police officer, and I was informed that special orders had been given that I should not go to Naucy, but that the police would escort me either to Boulogne or to the Italian frontier ! I said that I had not been in bed for three consecutive nights, aud that if I were to take a ticket direct for either Italy or Boulogne without resting a little on the Ifmj aa. nuwu uiuw uac uj' \AHuyiKW3ty, After much conversation between them, tbe poiiee officer said tliat I might stop at Ifgoa eme uigfct sod start the day after ; Qua no fasrra would be done to me, and tfat tL*y Fiwich were not like the Prussians, watt fry nm, «me wuuut nave caieu me up. Tb«# wm no kelp fbr it ; I took my ticket, aa& *feB*I w*s wa&Dg; for the tram to ism, 1 w begged by a lot of people, #fi* fcept «ostBKunaijr addressing me in Qnmm- Wbea I wm jut on the point ofafctegaqr ?wtaitbeau-cuge.thegen- ti«tte #6» kd m»tud me torn tiie hotel feftft«Mfe»MNi§6»gn*t speech pniDf: #*?«*£« ttafcfedif I got off *U safe, for in Irussia if the mob had not massacred me, the police agents and the officers themselves would have done worse. Here am I now waiting the nest train to Italy. The people at the hotel knew al ready everything about what has happened to me. The head of the police was here last night, and asked whether I was all safe : aud I was requested not to move from the hotel, because they would not be reoponoible for my personal safety. A very pleasant state of things indeed. The hotel is crowded with people running away from every quarter. The consternation is some thing dreadful. What a difference from a few days ago ' Then hope and joy brightened every eye, now despair aud humiliation are depicted on everybody's face, and strange words of revolution, of revenge, aud of treason, are uttered by men of all classes and ages ! 