A ROMANCOIf OP WAR. . ;resident of St. Louis! writes to the Democrat of that city a sinlgular story, of the Battle of Chiokamnuga. It was snug gested by witnessing the play of Enoch Arden. He says:--" A sergeant in m regirment was wounded at Chichminauga, and-was reported dead. He wias seen to fall in the heat of the engagement, and our' lines being pushed back, the body was not recoered until next day. When the poor fellow was found he was so muti lated by being trampled on by the cavalry that his face could not be recog nised.' A comrade,'however, found in his breast pocket a miniature.of his wife, and fent it to her with an account of his death; It turned out-that the body was not that of Tom ' C---,: buta sergeant of another; company. , Tom,. desperately wounded, fell into the hands of the enemy and was sent'to'Andersonvillo, where the rebel surgeon cut off one of his arms and one of his legs, and, -in"spite of his' bad fare; he recovered in due :time. I never knew why they. kept :'om :in prison, except it was for the purpose of ex chahging him;for a sound n'man. .When poor Tom returned to his.home in Penn sylvania, nobody in the village knew hinim His wife had removed to Illinois witli her parents more .than a -,year previously. Without making himselRqknowd~td&'any' of his old, acquaintances in' the village, Tobi started-for, Illinois to hunt .for. his wife. When he arrived in the neighbor hood where phe :was' living he learned that she was married to an old friend of his, who had followed- her -from -Penn sylvania., His'first iipulse was to'make hiniself kowii' to her, and claimn her as his own ;but when he' saw the snug cabin in? which she was living, and heard how kindly.ehe';was treated .by her husband, he changed his mind.. ' Suppose 'I go and claim her,' he 'said tohinimself, -' how can?I.'supportiher? ` What' can I do for 'her, with only one arm and one leg, and a body weakened by months of suffering at Andersonville? No , she is happy and contented, and thinks me' dead, and I will not destroy her happiness and become _a burden to her.'g .'Tom. acted upon this resolution, and worked his way to New York, where he set up a small 'business as ~.kerbstone merchant, selling nuts and cakes, and!soda water, andgetting along prosperously. He soon made money enough to buy an artificial leg, - and after a while:he got a- patent arm made. ' He was"'a-ood. business man, and 'in the course of a, year enlarged his estock-in-' trade, and opened a' regular -retail "gro cery.,. He made money fast; acid became' a prosperous merchant, respected by all who 'knw 'him. In his prosperity he never forgot his '-wife; and, always cherished-a hope that she would be res tored to0him. ,He was a regular subscri berte' the village paper published at the town' near which his wife lived, and read it with'great interest. One day he saw in 'this paper the announcement of the death ofthie man who had married his wife. He lost no time in starting for Illinois. He -found his. wife in deep mourning for her late husband, and she had added another link'to 'the family 'cir ole. Tom'nmade 'himself known` to her, and was rejoiced to find that she still loved him as fondly as ever. It was some time before he could convince her that he. was not a ghost returned from the other world. In order to make things sure the parson was called in, and Tom and his wife were married over again. They went to New-York, where they are still living in a brown stone front, as happy a couiple as you will find in Gotham-." 