GENERAL NEWS. A DANGEBODS LUNATIC-Last Tuesday evening, after the steamer Pelican had been berthed for the night at her usual wharf, and when all but the fireman had left her, a passen- ger, named Smythe, who bad come from Glades- ville, returned on board and requested the fire- man, a man named Graham, to show him the way to Parramatta. Graham proceeded on shore to do so, when Smythe caught him by tbe back and threw him to the ground, where, placing bis knee upon his throat, be inflioted several severe injuries upon him, and it was with tbe utmost difficulty that Graham could free himself; but he ultimately did so, and, rushing on board the steamer, lowered a dingy, in which he rowed to the town and procured assistance. He then returned to tbe steamer, when it was found that Smythe bad left, after having eaten the fireman's tea, hidden his olothes, and thrown the lid of the steam-chest overboard. The party shortly afterwards suc- ceeded in capturing the man, who was lodged in the look-up, and pronounced, next morning, by two of our local doctors, to be a dangerous lunatic. It appears he was released from Tarban Creek about a year back on his friends entering into a bond of £50 for his good behaviour. It is probable that this bond will now be forfeited. Graham is still laid np from the effects of the injuries he received.-Parramatta Correspon- dent of the Herald. FATAL ACCIDENT.-A correspondent of the Empire writes from Kynnumboon, on the Tweed River, on the 18 th :-A melancholy accident happened on the 10th instant. A man by the name of Pollack was drowned in the river. He had been drinking. It was evident that he was very drunk, for he fell over the side of the boat that he was in. The accident having been observed by a man working sear the bank of the river, he hurried to his rescue as he was banging to the side of the boat. He brought bim to his own nlace. Pollack remained for some time, and the man went abont bis work. When be carne back he discovered that Pollack wat gone. On looking round he saw him in his boat going up the river. He observed him staggering in the boat, and at last be fell over into tbe water, disappeared, and did not-come to the surface of the water any more. The news of the catas- trophe spread soon, and a number of people, in their boats, commenced to drag the river with everything in the shape of grappling irons, and assiduously kept at their work till they were successful in bringing the body of the drowned man to the surface, it having been in the water exactly forty-eight hours. It is thought Pol- lack obtained the liquor at a sly-grog shanty. FOUND DBOWNED IN THE HABBOUS.-An inquest was held by tho City Coroner on Satur- day morning, respecting the death of a man, name unknown, whose body was found floating in Rose Bay on Friday morning. It appeared that deceased waa a tailor by trade, and had lately arrived from Melbourne, but very little more could be ascertained about him. His leg had been amputated a little below the knee joint-, and he had a wooden leg. The jnry returned a verdict of found drowned. REMABKABEE DEATH.- On Sunday John Henney, nineteen years of age, a resident at Drayton, who was in the employ of the proprie- tors of the Eton Vale station as a boundary rider, was accidentally poisoned by swallowing -or imbibing in some way-a small quantity of strychnine. It appears that the unfortunate young man was in the habit of carrying stryoh nine about with him for the purpose of laying baits to destroy native dogs, and it must have got loose in bil pockets, that a small portion of it adhered to some tobacco that he had in his pocket, and by this means was accidentally ohewed in his month and conveyed into the sys- tem. He appears to have been quite well on Saturday evening, was slightly indisposed on Snnday morning, and before teven o'clock in the evening he was dead. Deceased was, on the previous Sunday, married to a young woman employed on the Eton Vale station.-Toowoomba Chronicle. THE LATE ME HABCOTJBT.-On Saturday we copied from the Fiji lima a notice of the death of Mr. Charles Harcourt, who was murdered by a native, on board the sohooner Mount Maclar ren. The treacherous murderer was the chief of one of the Gilbert Islands. He left his two wires on Mr. Holmes' plantation, and was chosen by his victim for the voyage, because he had towards him a kindly feeling, which he thought was mutual. The late Charles Harcourt was a son of Mr. Harcourt of Melbourne (member for Richmond), and related to Mr. Harcourt, of this city. He was in Sydney about twelve months ago, and sailed for the Fijis in the Gem. He was a fine generous-hearted young man, to whom life seemed full of promise, and his melancholy fate is, of course, extremely painful to all who knew him.-S. M. Herald. ACCIDENT AT PABKAMATTA.-On Friday morning an acoident occurred in Parramatta of the following nature:-A sociable and pair belonging to Mr. Walter Lamb, of Greystanes, Prospect, were standing ina farmer's yard, near Lennox Bridge, when they suddenly became restive, and, not being held at the heads, started off out of the yard, and down Church-street, from which they turned into George-street, and after traversing that for its entire length, were suddenly brought np by the fence at the side of Messrs. Byrnes' cloth factory. Here the animals suddenly turned, and brought the vehicle in I contact with a bank of earth, where it waa upset, and one of the horses so seriously injured that it will probably have to be shot. It is a very fine animal, and worth upwards of £100.° For- tunately the streets were comparatively olear at the time the horses bolted, or the consequences might have involved the loss of human life. Ctr. of Herald. > " It is so very seldom," remarks the Colac Observer, " that a man dies and comes to life again, that when a startling fact similar to this does occur it is generally worth ehtonieling. A man named Samuel Talbot, a labourer residing at Colac, becoming suddenly indisposed, the Mr vices of Dr. Rae were called in, and after the usual medical inspection the man waa ordered to bed, and the doctor departed to obtain the necessary remedies. AVhile away a message wal sent to him that Talbot had suddenly shuffled off this mortal coil, and believing the statement to be true, though somewhat surprised, he drew mt the necessary certificate, stating the cause if death. The friends of the supposed deadman immediately took the necessary steps for the tunera!, the undertaker and the registrar of leaths having been informed of the mournful ivcnt, and no doubt chuckling at the thought hat business in their line was looking up. In tbe house where Talbot was laid 'straight out ipon his bed ' was gathered a number of women, ind mourning and lamentation could be heard, the friends weeping for the poor man, and would not be comforted-when, lo ! Talbot opened his ?yes, and stared around him with marvellous surprise at the scene which was being enacted in his boase. Of course, the women screamed and covered their faces, forming all manner of thoughts about ghosts, and it was afterwards found that Talbot had merely, swooned away, and had been in a sort of trance for a number of hours. The undertaker was compelled to desist making the coffin, the registrar destroyed bis certificate, and the doctor indulged himself with a hearty good laugh. The joy of tho friends can, of course, be better imagined than described." .Contracts have been taken for the restoration of the front of the Melbourne Public Library, which was very much out of repair, in consé- quence of the decay of the stone- Stone from Tasmania is now to be used. THE DANGER OF STBONQ LANGUAGE.-"A sudden surprise," relates the Ballarat Courier, befel a resident of Melbourne one day last week, and no little inoonvenience to himself alto attended the incident. The story is told thus : -The person referred to wrote to a friend in Ballarat requesting the loan of £10, and stated in his communication, no doubt the more effec- tually to opon his friend's purse strings, tbst unless the amount reaobed bim by return of pott, he should be compelled to commit suicide, either by poison, drowning, or discover Borne moro novel method of quitting a world whiob bad not behaved over kindly to him. The .friend in Ballarat, being either unable or unwilling to make the advance, apprehended that the threat- ened suicide would be committed, and for some minutes he was' puzzled how to act in the emergency. At last he determined to lay the letter before the police, and having done so the latter at once telegraphed to the authorities in Melbourne, who in their tam took prompt action in the matter. Two con- stables proceeded to the house of the writer, and arrested him for threatening to commit suicide. The writer vehemently protested against such an infringement of the liberty of the subject, but with little avail, for he was straightway [ marched off to the lockup. There he was able to procure the attendance of several friends, who with no little difficulty convinced the polio« that there was no harm intended when the letter was written, the only object the writer bad in 'piling up the agony' being to succeed in obtaining tbe loan. The latter was then allowed to go at large, bnt not before he had been sternly recommended bj the police not to indulge in such threats in future." THE WEATHEB IN BATHDBST.-The rains have again returned, and the prospect yesterday (Friday) evening of fine weather appeared dis- tant. - Tbe showers have not been heavy, though, on Thursday evening there was an exoeption. The air is exceedingly cold, though the winds are comparatively light. Nrntons OXIDE.-DEHTIBTB"I*.-A very inte- resting experiment was made yesterday by Mr. Beading, of Phillip-street, by the application of nitrous oxide gas ia the practice of dentistry. This gas, generated on the premises, was adnu* nistrated in two cases with great success, in the présenos of Dr. Cox and other gentlemen. It is remarkably quick in its effeot. One patient, a young man, inhaled it for only a minute and half; and the other, a young woman, for two minutes. In each case the patient was uncon- scious of pain, although one of the teeth wai diSeult of extraction, being a decayed molar. The young man, when asked after the operation whether he would like his tooth taken out, waa agreeably surprised to find that it had been al- ready extracted. This gas has, of late years, been very extensively used in America, where it is said to have been efficacious. According to the American Press, althongh it has,been' administered in more than two hundred thousand cases, no instance has occurred where injurious effects have resulted from its use. It appears to answer all the purposes, without the delay and inconvenience which often attend the use of chloroform.-Herald, July 26. A sensible expedient was adopted recently by a female who was lost in the bush near Moruya. She was lost on the 19th instant (Tuesday), though she bad been within sight of the slip panels of the plaoe of her destination ; bat being on horseback, she turned aside to find a better crossing to a Bmall creek than she at first dis- covered. She was lost from the time of her turning, and wandered over the bush till Friday evening. She lost her horse on Thursday, it having broken away from her. She took the wise precaution, as she went on, to tear np her riding habit, and drop the pieoes as a trau by which her stops might be tracked, and this wai aotually done on Friday evening by the police and some of har friends, who found her then, much exhausted, and almost despairing. A medical journal is projected, in Sydney, and, says the Herald :-" Will contain historiés of the types of diseases peculiar to this climate ; cases of interest to the Faculty of the colony, as well as possibly to the world in general ; and all matters which particularly affect the medical profession, and, through them, the general publie." STONEY FEMALE REFUGE.-The annual meeting of subscribers to the Sydney Feaale Refuge waa held on Monday evening, st the Temperance Hall. There waa a good attend- ance. His Excellency Lord Belmore presided. The report read by Mr. W. Crane, the han. secretary, returned thanks to Almighty God for his blessing upon the labours of the commit- tee for the past year, and gave the following particulars:-On the 31st December, 1S68, there were 22 inmates in the institution, and during the year 1869 43 were admitted, l8 went to service, 6 to their friends, 4 were discharged, 7 left of their own accord, 1 was forwarded to Tarban, 2 to the Benevolent Asylum, 3 to the > Infirmary, 1 to the Parramatta Asylum, and 2to Hyde Park Asylum; and at the end of the year 21 remained. The girls are fully occupied. The result of their labour amounted to £529 3t 4d. They continue to be instructed by a teacher paid by the ladies' committee, and are anxious to read the books from the library, every facility being afforded them to do to. Good order tal contentment prevail. The working expenses are kept as low as possible. Acknowledgment wat made of various donations ; among others, one from funds left for distribution with tha Governor by the Duke of Edinburgh. And tbe subscribers were informed of the pressing neces- sity for the erection of a new building pro- viding for classification and other con- veniences, and it was stated that the cost of snob, a building would be abont £1500. The sum of £100 had been promised, and £540 was available in the Bank of New South Wales, so that only £860 were required to be subscribed. The report concluded with a stirring appeal for assistance. The Treasurer's statement was as follows :-Abstract of receipts and disbursements for the year ending 31st December, 1869 : To balance in hand 81st December, 1868, £168 2s2d. 1869-Subeerip tions from the public, £337 18s; donations ditto, £57 14s 4d; legacy of the late Abs. Elizabeth Austin, £20 ; proceeds of work dose by inmates, £529 3s 4d; interest on invested funds, £20: total, £1132 17s lOd. Dis- bursements: .£921 15s. Deposit in Bank of New South Wales, bearing interest, £40; balance in hand 31st December, 1869, £171 2s. 101 Invested funds, £540, in Bank of New South Wales, bearing interest. Tha report and balance sheet were adopted on the motton, of Dr. Steel, and the meeting was addressed hj the Bevs. John Graham, Kelynack, R, Lewers, G. 0. Bode, and Mr. W. J. Foster, in favor of the objects of the society. Officebearers and committee were appointed for the ensuing year, and an alteration in the rules was agreed to, fixing the quorum at committee meetings, and providing that ladies should act if necessary on the committee. The meeting closed in the usual manner.-Abridged from the Herald, July 26. BLUTLASD :-Printed and pnbHatred by ausounr Fans soleproprietortwldowof the late Alexander Fan»), at late General mattoe; Office, comer of Hi^andHaatsraAaatr 