SERIOUS CASE OF FORLSnORTENlNQ. -* - , , " Manhood and middle age will be fuller of vital force, list of n(;c less prolonged." (iOwrt the Queensland Hxprcie, its 30.) REABEn, do not pass over this text as if it were some ubstracCopothegin from the ancients something that concerns everybody, and therefore nobody- soincUiiaç of such widespread import that its attenuated significance amounts to absolute no morning at any one point, say at the point M or N, which I was given to' understand is your baptismal alias. The writer of the text is not Plato, or Seneca, but Mr. William Thomas Thomson and the parties whose manhood and middle age are concerned are not the Greeks, or Romans, me mankind, but you and I. Mr. William Thomas Thomson is Actuary of the Standard Life Assurance Company, Edinburgh and you and I are-well, it suffices for the present to know that we are Australians, and that it is our old age which is threatened as per above. Tins cold-blooded conspirator, not satisfied with abstract calculations, has been busy with human life and w if he had not a sufficient number of victims at home, he must needs, _ forsooth, turn upon us. Mark the gloating ferocity with which, Nero-like, he lumps OWL lives, and takes them with with one stroke of the pen. 'It is a fine euphemistic stroke, too ; clean as a hair stroke-" but old age less prolonged.'' He does not say" you Australians lend an active and lusty life for a certain time, but by and by, just when you expect to enjoy the fruits of your Fulmar, you will go out like the snuff of a candle ;" yet that is precisely what he means. " My Colonial Friends, I have made a study of your case, and having pull you through course of logarithms, I have the pleasure comfort ing you that you can't last long." A murrain on you and your Insurance Tables, William Thomas Thomson. Why could you not have left us to the blessedness of our ignorance ! What is the good of this information ? What is the policy of this assurance? What had we done to you that you should come and torment us before our time, casting our horoscopes in your accursed tables, foreshortening our lives with slate pencil, and coming Cumming over us with your dire apocalypse of the grave ? hare you never read Heaven from all creatures hides the Book of life, All but the page prescribed, their present state that you must set yourself up against heaven, and not only make a book of fate for it, but insist upon our reading it > How can we ever expect to become duly aged it this inexorable calculator in that Edinburgh, office of his has us averaged and percent aged while we are yet in the flower of life ? Who could possibly live long under such a process of being totted up, and multiplied, and divided, and tabulated as we Australians must have been subjected to by this Hogarth- mice grave-digger ere the above gloomy conclusion was reached; I shall never again see an elderly man's funeral without feeling that William Thomas Thomson has had a finger, or rather a digit, in his " taking off." Taking off! I wish he were only taking us off. But, however pleasant it had been not to know it, it is out now. Thomson has done it. We are tabled-and there is no amendment. Instead of " Let Australia, flourish," our legend must henceforward be " Vices summa ore to." No good now, my middle-aged friend, adding house to house and field to field Surveyor-General Thomson has a little agricultural reserve ready for you, to which you must come at once, or at least ere long, and lie down quietly. Your swelling self-importance is nothing to him. He merely knows the sort of figure you cut ~ in a table, and he rubs you out, or writes you in, without the slightest regard to your social status. Are you. thinking of pulling down your barns and building; greater of Jam the premier nox, fabulncque, &c.; No ; that's not it. This is better Jam the premier Tomsonius, " tabulocquc," fell. Down come Thomson and his tables upon you, and to, what are you? A mere number-an Arabic numeral, to be added to those gone before and several of you together may make a cipher, and carry one to the next column. If you are a Queenslander, as I presume you are, and it you have read the report from which I ex tracted the above text, you will, perhaps, take refuge in the consideration that this Rhadamanthus actuary is speaking only, or at least markedly, of Australia southward of 30 degrees. For mercy's sake, and by your hopes of old age, if you still have such, forbear to make this suggestion in any of the public prints. Should it meet the Thomsoniau eye, who known but that dread organ may next be fixed upon us who dwell north of thirty, and the owner thereof make a rush upon us, as upon fresh fields and pastures new I Who knows but he may turn the tables upon Mr, and make us out to have no old age in store at all For dear life's sake, keep dark ! I am a middle aged man myself, and I want a few years more. And if unfortunately this should reach lîdihbugh, oh Thomson, spare us ! Don't let us up too correctly ! We have a hard life of it here, Thomson. The grub wastes our cotton. The frost consumes our cane. The drought emaciates our cattle. Do stick us down on your tables, like a good fellow, for a few extra years, for indeed we want all our time, and more. Sweet William, hear our prayer ! " Manhood and middle age will be fuller of vital force, but old age less prolonged." Surely, there is a bright side to it also. Life is not measured by time, but by events. Its essential elements are not minutes and seconds, but actions. Life is work ¡ and he who crowds most work into his allotted time lives, longest,. The life-pui-pobC once fulfilled, old age becomes a mere waiting. Better a few years of full vital force than a Methuseluh-life of shambling: langour. " Better fifty years of Europe than a cycle of Cathay." And so forth. But, oh, my philosophic soul, this won't serve me instead of my old age I like philosophy, but I want to look forward to my fireside corner, my gruel, my slip- pers, and my night-cap. And woe is me, I have just discovered that between the first and second clauses of my text there is a casual connection. It is because my middle life is so full of vital force that that vener- able institution, old age, is to be curtailed in my case. And now what is my position ? Simply this The very superfluity of health I now enjoy has become a symptom of more premature c decay. The healthful bound of my present pulse has become for me the harbinger of more rapid suspension. I am so well, I cannot possibly be a long liver. This fine appetite has become fatally significant and these rations, irrational though, it seem, are at once ray band and my antidote. Oh, Thomson, Thomson ! It was, an easy matter, in your climate, in the old college days, when the east wind blew down your Edinburgh. streets right through its present w later, shrivelling him up into the mere phantom of a student, laid a ghost everything but the cough-it was an easy matter then, I says to keep down the vital force, when the only eUiUciUty was to keep it up: But in this glorious crime, where the very air is meat and drink, wherewithal shall we enfeebled ourselves ? What shall we do to check the rapidity of this bounding' tide of vital vigour ? Can't we dam the stream as we do Thomson ? Will no one suggest something ? Can the new Ministry do nothing for us ? Surely die extension of life is a more vital question than the extension of a railway. There is ?? chance for a popular measure. The Minister who would have the courage to propose let us say the weekly cupping of the entire population, or a bi-weekly- fast, or a compulsory mid-day siesta, would undoubtedly command the smiles of his countrymen. " Falsehood and middle age will be fuller of vital forces, but old age less prolonged." The more I re peel it, the more melancholy it seems. Jordan did not mention a word of this when he seduced us off here-not a word about that other Jordan over which we are now promised a free-nay-a compulsory 1 passage at w Kwto After. 1826 assured, Very little was. a passage of sixteen thousand miles but í 25 stu longevity There is a place not far from the original Jordan, vailed Jericho. Would that Jordan No. 2 had been as near it as Jordan Ko. 1 It there no moral to all this I leave to clergymen -to take the higher view of the case, and to tell you to work while it is day I leave it to Shakspeare to tell you to let the firstlings of your heart be also the feelings of your hand. But, in the meant' so, Thomson has bowed me down so low that I can not use all at once to these levels. My view of it is us -let us take out our senile privileges now. One of the most blessed privileges of old age is that of discontent. Brethren, let us take it out in grumbling. J conclude with the impression of being done. SIGMA. ' [It will he remembered by the members of the Aus tTHjiari Mutual Provident Society, that at the annual meeting held on the 22nd of April last, Professor Smith read a portion of a letter which had been re- (served by the actuary of the society, Mr. Morrice Black, from Mr. William Thomas Thomson, actuary -for many years to the Standard Life Assurance Company, of Edinburgh. The extract was as follows: " I have read the report with much satisfaction, showing, as it does, the very thorough manner in which you have conducted the investigation, the sound basis on which you have placed the institution, and the satisfactory position in which it stands. The proceedings at your meeting were also not only highly interesting, but the tone of the principal speakers impresses on the reader that they are earnest business men, whose sole straightforward wish was to place the society in the most favourable position to do ' (cod. You have still, of course, a heavy responsibility upon you in watching the data on which, you proceed with reference to the future rate of interest in your country on sound securities, and the mortality which may develop itself when you have reliable observations as to the value of life in the colony. I do not think that the Carlisle table will fulfil what is desired, and I have no doubt, until you have better data, you will find the returns of the Registrar-General of England, based on our whole mortality, nearer the mark. They give less value to advanced life, which I am inclined to think will accord better with what is ascertained to be the expectation of life in your country with certain limits, Bay southward of 30 signed. Manhood and middle age will be fuller of vital force, but old age less prolonged. I have observed the same in Canada, and I think I see indications of it in Australia. Meanwhile, the Registrar's Table, 2Jo. 1, appears to me your most reliable basis. fa Britain it takes all our watchfulness to keep our lives select, while the lapsing and surrendering of policies on good lives affects our selection and alters Our results. You are quite right to make a reserve. It 'will, besides other advantages, enable you to deal with changes more satisfactorily and more confi- dently." The above article, from the Queensland ICaprims, we quote for the gratification and amuse- ment of our readership.] 