declined. He was allowed to finish the business of the session, though at any moment ho might have been turned out. Next session the toleration of the House gave him the credit of a reform measure, which wheo jompleted was Hamlet with nothing original in it but the ghost. Finally, he was permitted to make that appeal to the country which his rival might have exercised a year before with a certainty of the greatest personal benefit. But Mr. Gladstone was no loser in the endbyjwaiting. The magnanimity with which he relinquished power when he could no longer fulfil the duty for which it was given him earned for him a tenfold greater power as soon as he was free to ask for it again. This imperial precedent, which ought to be so familiar to the authors of the premature dissolution now pending,' flatly contradicts the whole theory and practice of the Treasury benches. Mr. Gladstone had tenfold greater occasion than Mr. Strangways to sneer at the 'irreconcilable factions' which opposed him. He had a tenfold better reason to dispute the validity of his defeat. He had tenfold stronger grounds for denying the ability of the House to find a suc cessor for him. He had a substantial inducement to appeal to the country; but Mr. Strangways has not the shadow of an inducement. He had a vital question of policy to appeal upon; but Mr. Strangways, through sheer exuberance of success, has missed this requisite ; for have not all his important measures been adoptedby the Legis lature which is so strenuously and ungratefully disoioning him i Were this matter limited to the Assembly, the' consequences would of themselves be sufficiently hazardous. It is an unseemly and a ridiculous thing to send out two sets of popular representatives to the hustings merely to blackguard each other, and to hold up to the world a spectacle of personal recrimination. Nothing else will or can come of this dissolution as far as concerns the Ministry. The public questions of the day ? land reform and fiscal reform — will have to be discussed apart from the Govern ment, for it has debarred itself from any further participation in them. After the Treasurer's Free List and Mr. Cavenagh's last speech on the agricultural areas, the Government can do nothing with these questions but throw somersaults to be laughed at. Ministers are going to the country on the solitary and simple issue of their 'noble selves.' They are going to the electors to inform them that they are the five, and that the Constitution must die with them. But this contest is not limited to the Assembly, and never has been from the outset. It as closely concerns the other branch of the Legislature, and is quite as much appreciated there. The Council and the Opposition in the Assembly are natural allies ; and on Tuesday next, by the adoption of Mr. Stow-'s motion— a counterpart of Mr. Clyde's — the alliance will be invested with the highest constitutional solemnity. The advisers with whom His Excellency has joined his fate had provoked— wantonly provoked— a feud with the Council before they brought their misgoverament to a crisis in the Assembly. When the two majorities have combined their forces, how will Mr. Strangways be able to explain away the double anomaly ?' Who will then credit Ms protestations against a factious opposition? Who will believe the tale of bis suddenly and treacherously terminated success? Who will justify, his spending fourteen thousand pounds of public money inprotracting a hopeless, capricious, personal defiance of the whole Legislature?- Who can fail to see that he has wilfully created many of the difficulties which he now uses as a pretext for appealing to the country ? Who can jiersuade himself for a moment that any Legislature which can possibly be elected would tolerate the present Ministry a sixth as long as the Legislature which is trying to deliver itself from them? It is as clear that the Government must be changed or reconstructed as that certain legislation must be achieved which they have re nounced all sympathy with. Miserable as the issue would be which turned on the existence of such a Ministry, this is yet more miserable, because it turns on a narrow point of time. It fuks the conntry whether in competence and impeouniosity ought to be expelled forthwith, Or.be spared for another two months. Can't they take a hint from Lady Macbeth, and not stand upon the order of their going ? Why should a whole system of government be thrown into convulsions in order to rid itself of two or three Hies on a wheel ? DlNNKit TO HIS EXCF.I.I.KXCY TIIK GOVERNOR. —Oh Tlmrsday evening. February 17, in com memoration of the first anniversary of his arrival in 'the colony, His Excellency the Governor was entertained at dinner by the members of the Adelaide Club, who mustered ''very strongly on the occasion. The Hon. Sir John Morphctt, President of the Legislative Council, was in the chair. SHOCKING CASE AT WILLASTON. — An inquest was held at Willaston on Tuesday, February 15, by Mr. T. O. Jones, to enquire into the cause of death of the infant child of a man named Collins, a labourer in the employ of Mr. B. Clement. It came out in evidence that the mother was in the habit of leaving the child in a box whilst she went out, and that it was found there dead on Tuesday. Dr. Lewis, who examined the body, which was much bruised, expressed his opinion that the infant had died from congestion of the brain and neglect on the part of the mother. The Jury returned a verdict to the effect that the child died through the neglect and cruelty of the mother; and added a rider censuring the father for having permitted it. The case created some excite- ment in the neighbourhood, and on Wednesday evening Mrs. Collins was besieged in her house by a number of the female residents of Wil- laston, who expressed their indigation at her conduct, and subsequently burnt her in effigy. MtSSINO YhSSEE.-— From Port Augusta our correspondent writes on February 14:—"A threat deal of anxiety is felt at there bemg no news of the arrival of the barge Otter. She left :tVTdlaroo on Janujny 29, and uo account has -come t& hand since of her being' seen. It is ifaopea that she wffl' shortly be heard of, as it is nearly a month since she left this port. She may have got into some of the bays, and been detained there owing the unusual spell of southerly winds,' The Royal AGBicttTunAL'SodtEfy's Show. —On the second day of the Show the exhibits, in addition to those of yesterday, com prised dairy produce, fruits, Bowel's, and vege tables. The first-named section was moderately well represented, though, of courso, the October Exhibition is better adapted for displaying its manifold excellencies. Ther.e was a splendid collection of fruits. A stranger could derivo the best possible idea of the capabili ties of the colony by an inspection of the immensely numerous and varied exhibits which were exposed to the public gaze. The lion's share of space on the tables was occupied by the grape exhibits, which were particularly tine. The assortment of apples came next in variety and abundance. Market gardeners and other producers, by careful manage ment, have been able to show an ex ceedingly creditable collection of vegetables. The close vicinity of the hills to Adelaide permits of the annual Shows being rendered additionally valuable by the quantity and quality of the marketable commodities growers are enabled to produce. Flowers and pot plants were compara tively well represented. The heat which has been experienced has of course seriously inter fered with floricultural pursuits ; nevertheless, a good display of floral beauties enhanced the effect of . the Show in the interior of the building. At the east side there was the usual contribution of plants from the Botanic Garden, and Dr. Schomburgk arranged his favourites with his usual artistic skill. Amoug the botanical curiosities were specimens of the far famed Guinea Grass, which has grown most luxuriously without trouble in the Garden since the receipt of the old plants from the Queens land Acclimatization Society. The Sultana vine cuttings have produced their first crop of grapes, a quantity of which are exhibited. There was included in the collection a selection of culetts seedlings. The prettiest of these variegated plants his been named the Lady Edith in compliment to Lady Edith Fer (russon. The attendance was very large, and the Show has been in many respects one of the most successful. Almost Diiowxkd.— Two strauge instances of narrow escapes from drowning are reported by a Moonta correspondent of the Wallaroo paper: — 'On Friday, February 10, a young man named Charles Bray went to bathe in the brick makers' pugholc, which had become full during the late rains. He Ii.kJ so sooner jumped into the water than his huge dog leaped on his back, putting him under the water. As soon as he came to the surface the dog was on him again. He was served thus several times, when Mr. R. Datson happening to be passing, saw the danger, plunged at once to his assistance and got him out very much exhausted and faint. There was ten feet of water in the holo. — The son of Mr. McDermody had been bathing jut the Bald Hill tanks, and whilst dressing on the edge of the tank fell in, ami would have been drowned, liad'iiot a shepherd named Moore seen him fall in, and at once got him out quite exhausted. Erratum.— In the letter from His Excellency die Governor to the Speaker {rid-: report of House of Assembly in Thursday's Register) for 'precious' read 'gracious,' [From yesterday's Eceniny Journal.] The Minstrels. —Messrs. Hussey, Kelly, Holly, and Weston's minstrels performed at me Fown Hall, Port Adelaide, on Wednesday jvening, February 10', and went through an attractive programme to the evident satisfaction }f a very largo audience. The golden shoo lance was vociferously applauded, and the irolleries of Hussey and others created jp-eat imusenient. Gitou.vDiNf; of the Tamesa. — The ship l'amesi, whilst being hauled into the dock this morning, struck on the bank upon which the Duke of Sutherland grounded the previous day, find at low water was lying over on her bcarn snds. Captain Phillips does not apprehend that the vessel will sustain any serious injury; but M tho tides are not to be depended upon, there appears to be some doubt as to when she will bo got afloat. A .steam-tug' has been engaged to be in attendance on the .ship at high water this evening. Since tho Marine Board abolished the employment of the har bour boat and crew to remove vessels in the harbour, such work is performed by any person whom the Master may think h' t to employ ; but tho sen-ices of Messrs. Grahani and Tilbury, who act as Harbour Pilots under the recom mendation of the Marine Board, are usually retained for this purpose. In tho present in stance Captain Phillips employed Mr. Martin, an ex-Pilot} to remove his vessel. The Latk Fihb at Giikkxock.— We have received the folio .ving note from Mr. T. F. Hertz, of Greenock, to which we willingly give insertion :— ' Will you allow me, through the medium of your valuable paper, to correct a statement you have made in reference to the fire which* occurred on my place, as it is calculated to do me an injury. You speak of the verdicts recently given in such cases, and cite mine as an instance, whereas the verdict in my case was accidental. By correcting this error, which I am quite satisfied was uninten tional, you will oblige.' Tue Onkapauixua Workings.— Our Meadow? correspondent writes to us under dale Meadows, February 10: — 'There are a number of parties still working on the river, sonic of whom must be doing pretty fair, judging from the amount of gold purchased by Mr. P. Seaman within the lust four weeks, averaging £50 per week, nearly all of t which i.s from tho river.' Axothkh Sxaki: Txcident. — Our Inman Valley correspondent writes on February 15 : — An incident happened a few days ago which might have been attended by very serious results. Just as an inmate of tho house, Mrs. J. Gibson, had retired for the night, and put out the light, she felt something fall upon the bed, and u2-ou relighting the candle found a black snake about two feet in length upon the coverlet. Mr. Gibson was speedily called, and the reptile was dispatched. It is supposed that it fell from tlie roof of tho house, ascending there by a creeper (the passion flower) which climbs up the verandah posts. ADVICE AND COUNTER ADVICE. The Government have advised His Excel lency one : way, the .Assembly has advised hint'aiiother, and. on Tuesday the Legis lative Council will be siding with the As sembly,' To morrow His _.xcellenoy wiu wake up to the agreeable sensation of being in a de^dlp'cK. Mr. Strangways has so neatly worked it' for him as to; make him a party. ; to a constitutional trial of strength between' th8 Legislature and the Execu tive, 'We' have been challenged to specify the' risk Involved in a dissolution. When the Crown and the Government are'seen in direct antagonism to the Legis lature and tho People the risk will show itself. Such a contest no Constitution, how ever strong— and ours is noneef the strongest -pcan undergo without danger. On a smaller rock many a colonial Administration has foundered, and one notable instance is not far to seek in Australia. When the danger which is now made so light of has been incurred those who provoked it will be none the less severely judged for the levity of the provo cation. And should they be able to weather it without vital damage to the State, they will still have to answer for their motives as well as for the actual results. At present they profess to feel no dearth whatever of self- justification. They over flow with it as the Opposition is alleged to overflow with discord and self-seeking. It is true they exhibit much of the exuberance which takes the form of diversity. The dissolution justifies itself in the eyes of its authors and abettors from so many different points of view that one argument comes into collision with another. Yesterday we reviewed the remarkable position assumed by the Attorney-General that the Ministry had been ' till within the last few days' a successful Ministry, and that its recent mis fortunes had originated in tlfe envy of the Opposition at its success. In the ensuing discussion his colleagues and supporters fought very shy of that standpoint. Its cool irony was beyond the reach of their unpractised rhetoric, sothey set up another standpoint better adapted to their blurting declamation. With a desperation almost pathetic they borrowed from the Ministe rial organ its, cuckoo cry about the inca pability of the Opposition to form a Government. The.Cpinmissioner of Public Works, . with his * tried henchmen, Mr. Cottrell ? and the medical Jeremiah from the Sturt, bandied about this assertion as if by handbi'g.it^a^d; mouthing.1 it, and reite rating it they might really bring t^mselves to believe it. To dispute tho matter of fact with them -'wtadd'dni^ be' fodertaking the bootless task of attempting to prove a -nega-j tive; They may ^allQ^©i,£ree. possession of their premises if .tliey -will reason fairly from them.' ' .'*_;'''. ''?'.'* ']} ? . -.' '?'??:? Grant, then, that the Opposition may not be ablefocar^.ootte'Oovernineat, orthatHis Excellency has tangible groiindsior doubting their ability. They are still ! a party in the Legislature; they are one of the potent agencies which control the; movements of legislation. Tor the, time being they arc the strongest party. They have exhibited strength enough to atop a system of govern ment of which they, disapprove. They have done this in full recognition of the principle that the primary duty of the Legislature is to maintain good government, no matter what may be thejjcr«o/»jercpmpoeing it, or the private opinions influencing it By all the laws and usages of. representative institutions it should be presumed that they are prepared to substitute another Adminis tration for that which, has1 been Condemned, Where a Ministerial. crisis, involves, as thin does, no other question than between men or parties— where tho-'-oenduct of the Govern ment is alone at issue — ^yery distinct power has its correlative privilege; The power of defeating a Ministry, implies a right of suc cession which., only very special circum stances should overrule. . ; Unless on the plea of there being special ' obstacles to the trial of a party, it ought not to be set aside without trial,' .That is the view an English Premier would be ex pected to take were' i'o'iin Sir. Strang ways' place. The discovery'* that there is a stronger power in ., thp .legislature than his own is his' cpn^ptu'tip'rial death warrant., He has no right to question the ' motives, or the capabiUtie8V'6r the. intentions of his would-be successors. Only in one ' respect are -they \ amenable to suspicion -? from him. He may deny their representa tive authority, and challenge them to prove it by a common appeal to the country. But this, the only objection which was open to tho Government, is precisely the one they have carefully refrained from using. Mr. Strangways ' himself lacks audacity to pretend that the sixteen who voted against him on Tuesday ire not so good representatives of the people as the clique- of contractors and holders, of whom, he is the centre. Ho may be entitled to challenge them to an issue on ?' that express ground, but pn no other can a political party refuse those who honestly vanquish it the accustomed rights and re sponsibilities of success,- -'?;f '? Imperial usage countenances to the fullest extent the doctrine that ;a';defeSted Ministry should allow a fair Held to. its opponents. 1 1 knows nothing of . snat-#i.. votes and sur prises, and the hundred- other subterfuges by which Mr. Strangways. has misconstrued events he could not resist.;1- It 'does not ask - from a successful Opposition any certificate of its ability to form a successful Govern ment. It leaves all that' -to the natural working of ther Constitutipn. There arc instances — and memorable ones— of English statesmen giving way, not.- merely to u doubtful majority, but to ? a°t 'positive and notorious minority. But for an bccurrcnei; of the latter kind His: rJExcfc^eticy might not have gained his Under^Secretaryship in ISOti. We maybe allowed respegtfuilyip jremindhini of an event in his own 'imperial experience '* which would have .(furnis)ijed. a most in structive analogy to, set Jbefore. his present advisers. In 1S60- the. Liberal -party ot England was disorganized jind broken out by the Reform' question*: as our own Assembly has been by tlie laud (juestion. Mr. Gladstone had witnessed schism after after schism among his su'ppprj^rs. Caves of Adullam and Tea-room (cabaia had re duced his strength^ ..An^'Mrr^'trangMays has suffered a repetition-bf; the1' same mis fortune on a Bin^U'sicAlaa.Aa the Ecforni ?* Bill advanced in ^mmi^::it9prosi)ev.'tK darkened, and thetcircumsiances of the (-\ ? vermnent became, more [, and piore embar rassed. At length, on a trifling amendment to a clause, they^were placed in a minority of seven. - - Mr. Gladstone.. ir^e'dTaMy. asked for an ? adjournment to consider his position, aul next day he announced that the Govern ment had tendered, their T'esignations t'i,» Her Majesty. He, was .pressed by tint Queen to remain, but further reflection did not alter his resojUition? and ho renewed his advice to send .for, th? 'jEarl.of Derby. When His Lordship undertook the tatk of forming a new GovernniienL the Hon^.-. acting under the advice 'of Mj'. Gladstone, . exercised unusual forbearance towards bin: ; among other, things' /granting bim t)-«: unusually long period of eight tlays in M'hi.-b to consult his, friendi., TheConservati\e ' party were then notoriously' in a minority. - The House vof Commons was Bplit up into factions far more discordant and infinitely more numerous than .those .which are w v alleged to exist iii the Assembly. TL-: country was in a most critical state, both .vs to home and foreign affairs. Only a month before London had been thrown into a com mercial panic, the effects of \ which had oniy ? began to subside, the rate of discount ;.t the Bank being still ; i0 per c^nt. A ft* weeks later the long-threatened war bei\m n Austria and Prussia actually broke o.-t* Mr. Gladstone had. all these considerati'-i' set before him by members of various part!'* in the House. They had been earnestly vavl by Her Maje3ty as an inducement for hiu; t«» - go on. Public meetings were being held daiiy tliroughout the kingdom, to 'express upprcv;.l of his policy and to censure the Conservative Opposition. But Mi;. Gladstone would wt lower the credit of his Govenunent by rt taining power on sufferance. He reli'i-^ qnished the proudest hope any statesmfji could cterisk— that of extending Democratic liberty. He resigned hi3 maiden Premier ship with all its honours, emoluments, arxl prospective advantages. He, frankly con fessed that his Reform Bill was a failure. He admitted and almost anticipated th - : decline of his influence, and without ;r^ fluence ho would not hold office, 1 So the Liberal Governmerit of 1860gavev?Ay to a Conservative party, which, so far from having proved its'7 ability to succeed, hu\ never fairly measured its strength ,with its predecessors. Mr. Disraeli accepted the rule on sufferance which Mr, Gladstone had 