EUCLA EXPEDITIOK SIB, I have heard that the government have chartered the Adur at £60, per month, for the use of the Eucla Expedition. This vessel is small, and inconvenient, and not at all adapted to the purpose. I have also been informed that the Clarence Packet, a smart vessel, and twice the size of the Adur 1 was offered at £70 per month. Is it possible that a consideration of £10 per month can have influenced the authorities in their selection of the smaller vessel ? Are the men, who vote themselves increased salaries, going to turn over a new leaf at last, and have some little regard for the public purse ? If 60, while I give them every credit for their good intentions, I still think, where men's lives are at stake, that they might have engaged .the larger, and, I think, safer vessel, when the difference in cost wa6 so trifling. The. Adur has made a bad beginning by striking on the river bar. It may not be the fault of any person on board—indeed, I do not suppose it is 60—but the Clarence Packet would not have had to cross the the bar at all. April. 7.1870, SIR, The gentlemen intrusted with the first resolution, placed before our meeting of the 31 March, discussed the question with great energy. Mr Doyne was most unmercifully handled, and however much he may have objected to the " sand, .the white glare and the unpicturesque appearance of Fremantle," the anijruadveroionson his report will be far less pleasing to those refined perceptive powers of the great engineer. He. has immortalized his name in Swan River in his endeavours to raise a ghost by which he evedently expected tobe able to frighten the people out of Fremantle; unfortunately for him his trick was unsuccessful not from the absence of abiliiy but simply, from the want of perception on the part of the ignorant, indolent residents of the port who were* too short sighted to see the object of his remarks and under the circumstances, did' hot care to undertake so long a journey as that recommended to Rockingham. , Mr Doyne is but one of the clique, he may perhaps have been the " tool"; and he has had to bear the consequence. It must hot however be forgotten that a great wrong has b«pr. attempted, and it would be the height of folly to trust in the present form of government, in the hope of being dealt with more faithfully. On the contrary we must continue to proclaim our want of confidence. The defeat of Doyne's report afford? a leverage of the utmost value to tl. ' dependant members of council am! the public will look anxiously for its exercise at the proper period. The opportunity to accomplish' our desire for "Representative Government" has arrived. No delay or compromise can be accepted. It must be borne in-mind-the work cannot be done ^inglehanded, the .peoples rights must continue to be loudly demanded- from without and our members will be thereby considerably strengthened ; and, will I feel assured, U6e every ^effort in advocating our, cause before tine Council. Let us show indifference to onr wants and all the efforts of our Representatives will be iMffectualj oarjjaemands .will lose their importatfeb andw® shall coo- tinue to be governed by.,that despotic rule which has so long impeded he jjjtygress of Western Australia. ^Memantle March 8, 1870. EUCLA. UN JEUNK ANOLAISB. 