SPI2AY. ? * ? The Ball, the ball is in everybody's mouth. It is the topic of the hour, having de posed all others from that position imme diately after his 'Worship's latest bulletins were scattered abroad by tho news papers on Tuesday morning. Meet a man with his features 'sicklied o'er with tho pale cast of thoucht,' and you may bo as sured that ho is 'carving the fashion of a now donblet.' And ns for tho ladies ? ! Well, the question is, Are you going ? And how ? If you don't decide soon, thero will be nothing to wear. People who moan to go as actors rather than spectators are in endless quandaries. The thing is to make a hit. How ? how ? Take tho gentlemen. The very first thing that comos into every body's head is Paul Pry. Even Slickerswill won't venture on it again. Hogg thinks he'll go in a suit of armor, and, perhaps, nothing else will be wanted to make a strike. But then Grill, who went as Ham lot's Ghost last time, swears you don't catch him at it again, for ho felt like a roasted armadillo all night. A colonial Hoby, who likes to observe the pro prieties, talks of going as Solyman tho Magnificent. Rackett has a capital idea, of which he'll make a present to any body. 'Hang it ! let's go in for a new line,' that was his motto. Raekett gave his mind to it : and last Saturday, iust after leaving tho Osif, the idea struck him while with a select circle in tho middle of Collins-street. 'A Peeler' said Rackett, 'Nothing in that' was chorused by every one. ' Stay, Btay,' said the inventor, ' mind what sort of a Peelor. I'll enter as a holy Friar, cowled and gowned, scalped and all the rest of it. Just as everyone is saying, 'What an ass that Rackett is making of himself,' 1 reach tho middle of the floor, get somebody to cut a string behind, and spank-dash, I'm Mephistopheles himself, got up to rights.' Longtemps swore at once that he would improve on the idea, and do the whole Seven Ages in the samo style, ' Commencing, sir, with the schoolboy, in his ' whining mourning face,' (you know the quo. tation) and ending with the loan and slippered pantaloon,' which Longtemp3 can do without coins into training. Gummer's idea is original, at all events. He thinks of enacting Slim Jim, after Johnny Cowan ; and proposes to seat himself just inside tho doorway, with his legs cocked np abovo his head, and exhibit a big placard bearing this inscription : 'De Ball's a Gwine On.' That would, anyhow, be better than tho antics of the inane and drunken niggers at the last ball. Bails has a notion, however, bettor than any. Bails can't afford to go to tho ball, that's a fact, but he says he is going to try and knock thu amount of, a tailor's bill out of it. His idea is to get himself up as much like himself as possible — that is, tog just littln enough to get past the door. Coming in rather late, he will run to Smith, up one corner of the room, and say, ' My dear fel. low, awkwardest mistake in the world, came without a stiver in my pocket, lend me five shillings for the cab.' Gets it of course. Next he runs to Brown at the opposite cor ner, ' My dear fellow, awkwardest thing in the world, came without a stiver in my pocket, lend me ? ,' and so on ; gets five shillings again. Then he goes to another corner and meets Jones : 'My dear fellow, awkwardest mistake in the world, camo with out a stiver ? ,' and so on, pockets an other crown. Next to Robinson, in the fourth corner, 'My dear fellow, awkwardest mistake ? ,' and so on, makes up a so veroign. Next day Smith, , Brown, Jones and Robinson, who are all in theBame office with Bails, compare notes and havo an un easy feeling that it's a do. In comes Bails, and after the quartette have de clared unanimously that they don't see the fun of it, he bursts into a lit of laughter and says, 'Why, didn't you see it? I was doing Golightly in Lend mo Five Shillings. Ha ! ha ! You were saying yesterday, Brown, that we ought to keep up our cha racters, and that you were sure I wouldn't. Guess that your Yokel was quite as good. Ha ! ha !' Bails goes on to protest that he has given a sop to his tailor with the note, but he will make it all right with the vic tims. That is just a sketch of the sort of thing Bails means to try on. So much for the humors of the gentlemen ; a word or two of the ladies anon. AVho would bs a mayor ? Who would be a mayor with a fancy ball on his hands ? Who would be Aiaess V Our genial chief magistrate is the very last person ono would select to ds the stern, the immovable. It ia dangerous now for him to stir abroad ; dangerous to stop at home. Did not a Ballarat civic dignitary enter the Council Chamber last Monday, and, seating himself affectionately by ihe Gorgon, listen to tho speeches of tho Smiths and the Wragge with preternatural interest 1 Of course Cr. Steinfeld came to see how much better they manage those things in France, but it is singular that no provincial council man ever thought of doing the samo before. Wonder whether S. got a ticket. After what taok place one day last -week, if the rumor bo true, his Worship will probably have taken tho safe course of handing all his remaining stock of pasteboards to the cus tody of Mr. Fitzgibbon. It is said that a lady, whose lord and master had asked to be asked in a dozen different ways, but all in vain, determined to beard the lion (poor Amess !) in his den. Having passed tho Ahirrn.il. nhn wnitBd for hours in a dnrlc drawingroom while his Worship was abroad. When he returned the mysterious stranger was introduced to him. Tho truth dawned upon his mind at once, and he determined to be proof, adamant. Before the suppliant could open her mouth, it is said, he declared, in polite language, that it was no go. But the lady was defiant : ' I stir not without tickets,' and then in tho next breath : — 'Oho-o-oh, Mr. Amess.' Tears and sobs positively. So tho story goes, but goodness knows how it has grown. Anyhow, she got nothing more than a walking-ticket for her self. The intense interest felt by tho members of the Chambor of Commerce in tho late Intercolonial Conference, and their over powering indignation at its result, were ex pressed by the presence, as the newspapers state, of about twenty members at the general meeting on Friday. To bo nico, thoro may havo been twenty-two or twenty three there at tho commencement ; but in doing full justice to tho enthusiasm o£ tho Chamber, it must bo added that by tho timo Mr. Lord began to fire off his Jonathan Jonah Goliah Bang oration (which tho papers havo humbugged, Englished, and robbed of its fizz) so many had slunk out that his audience mimbered no moro than seventeen. Mr. Service's first task will be to rouso the Chamber itself, if ho can, bo fore carrying a firebrand abroad — that is, if ho finds himself tied up to work with such a log. Tho committees of our oharitablo institu tions aro very tender — almost soft some times. That unsophisticated specimen of a 'man and a brudder,' who oamo before the boardof tUe Benevolent Asylum on Thursday io t» aitui|iiu urujr, uuu uu Ilil3 JUUO iiiiU bllHU to conform himself to tho laws of the institu tion, and cog and duck so as to keop him self snugly rolled up for the remainder of his natural life. What has gone before, how ever, in that black existence, may perhaps be looked upon with more propriety as the fag-eud; for a healthier, greasier, jollior looking nigger it would be hard to find. Thero is a good deal of white trash, of his kidney, in the asylum. Ono of the first acts of the commission of inquiry, when it W11US& LU bllibu luttbjuubiuil, ollUUlU UU I/O lUSbl-_ tute a careful examination as to tho claims of every inmate. There never has been such an inquiry, and yet wo aro continually hearing, through the purest accidents, of the impositions put upon the committeo. An inmate dies in the institution, and a well-to-do relation has the impudence to re quest that tho fact may not be published to tho world. A venerablo inmate applies for leave to see his son, who is cap tain of a ship. The committee start up at ono.o and say, why can't his son support him altogether ? Going a step further, they find that ho has six chil dren grown up, and all earning comfortable livelihoods, at all events. But then the ancient inmate informs tho committee that ho has washed his hands of them 1 This modern Lear casts off his sons and daughters as iugratos, and will rather starvo than go under the roof of ono of them. If he is taken back into the asylum under such cir cumstnnces, why do not the committee make his family subscribe for his maintenance ? It seoms either that ono of his children must tako him wholly and solely, or he becomes a burden on the State, for such every inmate Is. Fears aro expressed out of doors that tho Royal Commission has too much of the tender, almo3t soft, elemont in it. Glancing at the names, one would per haps like to see a few harder nails. Yet, although the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum may bear weeding, tho indications afforded of tho oxtent to which tho bona fide class exists are much moro weighty than thoso which make the otherway. Every week thero are several applications from inmates who desire to go out, although by doing so they place themsolves on no better ? footing than a fresh applicant, if they desire to . come in again. Last woek an old blind man asked to be demitted, because he had heard that ho might get employment 300 miles up tho country ! He was recommended by the committeo to wait for a fortnight, until tho weather was more settled ; but no, ho stood firm, expressing his warm gratitudo at tho samo time for tho treatment ho had received in the asylum. Tho com mittee unwillingly yiolded to his importuni ties. Anothor old man had asked to bo started in tho world with ten shillings worth of matches, and with these he was furnished and went. A middle-aged man, who was paralytic, wanted a barrel-organ, but the .committeo could not go that length. He elected, howovor, to depart without it, and try to make himself a profit rather than au incumbranco to his wife and family, who wero struggling in miserable poverty up the country. These are facts, and it would be manifestly unfair to give tho Dr. side with out the Cr. 