THE PARIAKA MEETING- THE ARRIVAL OF TITO KOWARU. On the morning" of the 21st September, ln- -'telligence was brought to Pariaka that Tito Kotvaru was close at hand ; and the natiyes at that village left for the purpose of welcoming him in the usual style. Each had a branch of some tree in his hand, which, as they walked, they waved above their heads, at the game time uttering a cry of welcome. As Tito Kowaru and his followers drew near it was found that there were 80 men and 6 women. The men are described as being very powerful, and were dressed in the usual bush costume — n plaid 6hawl fastened round their hips, and shirts over their bodies ; and, in the head of each were white feathers. Tito Kowaru, with Iris one eye and horrid-looking countenance, was superbly dressed for a Maori chief. He wore a mat made of very fine native flax, tho fringe of which was composed of green and white feathers. On hishead'he. bad a cap formed from the plumage of some black bird, and in the centre, standing up in front of the peak, was a scarlet feather. Beneath the mat might be seen a plaid shawl, which was tied round his hips, and which raached below his knees; he also had a new plaid Crimean shirt. On Tito Kowaru com ing within speaking distance, much was said both by Mr Purrisand the rebel that it would be impossible to put on paper. Accusations were made on one side to be repudiated by the other, and vice versa. The civil commis-, sioner called on his natives not to look upon the man who had defiled himself. Tito Ko waru "abused Mr Parris in return, and so Wednesday passed. Tito Kowaru was then invited into the village) but before entering, when about 100 yards off, they all discharged their firearms, and came forward with their guns unloaded. On the Thursday Tito Ko waru expressed a wish to hear what all the talk had been about. He said he had been a long time dead. Mr Parris then stuck up the sticks/arid explained the whole that had been done; and Te Whiti came from his platform, and again put the sticks under his feet. Ngairo, of Wairarepa, . said he was in favour of the king. Tepini said that Parris. had spoken what- was perfectly true. The Euro peans 'had-.sent missionaries to) them first) aid they directed them to look up to heaven. Afterwards the Queen had come, and whilst thev were looking:; to heaven the Europeans' looked upon the soil. "Those wicked things that arrived. with the Qtiee>, 7, continued he, holding up a, gun ; ; "those were the '.teeth which the, Queen sent) amongst them to bite them." ' , Mr 'Parris said he had notliingto sav whatever about; the missioharies. , That was »ri old story) When the Government come to the . cpuntry.it- brought. a good many things with it no doubt— both good and evil, for atan always followed the works of God to try arid destroy what he did'. Nothing was perfeot, in the world whilst Satan; ,was striv- lhg'all he ) could' against God's 'works. ' Tito Kovaru said-to-' TevlVhiti; after he had put his' fe'et on the 6ticks, " I 'ixave heard what you have 'said. Is those (maaning the King and Government) are to be no more, who is —who is the person ?" Te "Whiti — "It is X. I am "the: only person." Tito Kowaru— " By whom . were, you begot ?" . T'e Whiti parried the que6tion, although , asked it many times. At Iflst Tito' Kowaru said, " Who ' is there behind you-,?" - Te , Whiti— "There is one Father, one'Son, and one Holy Ghost; alto gether there are three ;- yes, they are three, yet are but one, arid tkat is'T." After some more bantefihg between these two chiefs, 'Mr- Parris got upland said there was only one way of-settling the thing ; that was by allow ing the leading meh ),of 'the country tp meet the Governor, and to; talk, the, matter over, and try to, bring about a better state of things. Te ;?WhitiflVkS; somewhat. : excited . : at this; hecahse.the.natives seemed to agree with the civil .comnaissioner's ; remarks, ; and. some -of rJHtd Kowaru's " people cried out' " Parris is. right." Te --.: Whiti said,' -" I see and hear. You all approve of what Parris has said; even Tito Howard's people- are with him. Go. every one of you with him, and fulfil your heart's desire-S-kill and eat eacb.other, rob, get drunkj/oommit "adultery, sell land; make; roads— do every thing- the wicked are intended for— but: don't look back on me'aftefwards." Mr Pairis emd) "The task must he gone on withzThe roads must he made, and (stretch ing- out his hand to Whiti) give me my chil dren; that I; may. go and do it." Te Whiti made.!ho reply hut endeavoured to .laugh ,it ofty.'jTito Kowaru, comin'gMnto)- the centre with a bright double-harr.elled gun.; in -.his, hand) said, "I have come to Pariaka. I now return' to Ngatimaru. I shall turn niy'back upon Taumatamaihoe and Tawhantt (meaning the whole of the Ngatimaniapo to.) .Tawhana's work ie his, and I have nothing to do with it. My eves turn to Ngaire, to the sea." My mind night and day is only thinking of Ngaire; I will never strike another .blow unless,! am attacked. If m.y face is scratched I shall re taliate. Oh, all ye people, assembled, I now bid you farewell. I go to my camp for the night, arid in the morning leave on in'y home ward journey." Several' asked him to stop, and asked him1 if lie was angry by his leav- ing so quickly. He said— ',' No ; but what is there in the talk ? I have/heard what you spid, .but I- don't see the end. - It is useless.- You ball the people from the right arid from the left — you say nothing— no more," Tito Kowaru then rose, and lie arid his followers left in a body. Thus ended the Pariaka meet- ing, over which much excitement kas been occasioned all over the colony. : - ? :. Capacity of London Theathes.— The following, according to a contemporary, is a lipt ofthe London theatres at present in ex istence, and the number they are capable of containing:— Adelphi, 1060 ; Alexandra, 1330 ; Astley's 3780; Britannia, 3923; Bijo, 4:30 ; Bower, 1000 ; Belgravia, 1000 ; City of London, 2500; (Jovent Garden, 2500; Charing Cross, 600; Cremorne,3000 ; Drury Lane, 4000; East London, 2000; Gaiety, 2000 ; Globe, 2000 ; Gredian, 2120 ; Gar- rick, 600; Holborn,2000 ; Haymarket,1822; King's Cross, 700 ; Lyceum, 1490; New Royally, 800; Olympic, 1140; Pavilion, 3500; Princess, 2000 ; Prince of Wales's, 814; Qiieeu'6.2220 ; Royal Alfred, 2000 ; Sadler's Wells, 2300; Surrey, 3000; St George's, 1000; Strnwd, 1.081; Standard, 4800 ; St. Jame'e, 1120 ; Varieties, 1000; Vaudeville, 1000 ; Victoria, 3000. There are thus, ac cording to this list, thirty-seven theatres, whose united auditoriums will contain 71,230. St; Paul's Cathedral alone will hold 54,000 people, so that in proportion to' the churches, London is not yet overstocked with theatres. Improper Music— Overtures lo the Merry Wives ofWindeor. . _ , " I'll taks the responsibility, os JenJts aaid wuen he held out his arms for tlio baby. 