MAITLAND MARKETS. Friday, April, 15 -Business has exhibited a slight tendency to improvement this week. Several country orders have been executed, and carriers are now able to ga upon the roads. Grass feed is every where exceedingly plentiful. Our retail shopkeepers are at present doing very little-the farmers in the neighbourhood having no money to spend. This state of things must continue for some time, as some weeks must elapse before the land, to any great extent, can be even got upon for the purpose of working. These unfortunate people are being supplied with the common necessaries of life by the Flood Relief Committee as much SB five to six tons of hour per day, with a corresponding quantity of tea and sugar, being just now dispensed. There is no alteration to be noticed in teas; the lower descriptions of sugar continue to be scarce, and prices remain exceedingly firm, a considerable quantity of the ration kind being dispensed through the Flood Committee. In oilmen's stores, tinned and salt fish have been in demand owing to the Benson. Sardines are reported rather scarce. English cheese and hams, not procurable in any quantity, and then at only extreme rates. Colonial Bacon -V cry little indeed in the market. VV heat and Flour -A few parcels of wheat have been disposed of at prices quoted below. The flour market is a shade firmer. Hoy -The recent advance which took place in consequence of the floods is rapidly giving way, and, in all probability, the article in a short time will become as greatly a drug in the market as very Vegetables of or cry description may be said to be scarce, with the exception of potatoes, Taet quantities having been destroyed in every part of the district. The prices quoted below are nominal for the most part, some of the articles enumerated not being procurable at present. In all other leading lines of merchandise there is no alteration worthy of note. 1 at Cattle The supply forwarded to market this week has been smaller than usual, and the quality not nearly so good. Prices have ranged from 13s 6d to 14s 6d per 100lbs. Fat Sheep Supply excessive and far more than equal to the requirements of the trade. The best are purchased for butchering purposes and the balance sent to the pots, prices say from 4s 6d to 8s. Store Cattle No very great number find their way to this market ; those offered this week have averaged say A 5 per head. Store Sheep No alteration. has Tis, Scarce. Boises.-Prices nominal. reason 7s to £7 10s per chest, £3 10s to £5 per half-chest. Sugar, Ration, £33; Mauritius, £38, counters, 42, Company's pieces, £47; crystals, £03; snowdrop, £57, loaf, £0) per ton. Coffee's 2d to 1s 4d Der lb Oilmen's Stores. Bottled fruits 12s 6d, English Jams (listing) 12s 6d, colonial ditto 9s, sardines ("Matins) Ila bd, lobsters and, oysters 12s, salmon lGs, pickles (quarts) 17s 6d, per dozen ; our ruttB 5d, raisins SJid, per lb.; salad oil 8s 6d and Lea and Perrins' sauce 12s 6d per dozen; vinegar, Is per quart; mustard Is 3d, pepper Is 3d, per lb. Wheat, 3s 9d to 4s 3d per bushel. Flour, 14 10s to £15 per ton. Bran, 5 5s per ton. pollard!, 6 per ton. Hay (lucerne) £3, oaten £4 to £4 5s, per ton. Green lucerne, per load, 9s. Maize, per bushel, 3s 3d to 3s 6d ; maize meal, per 100 lbs, 6s 6d and 12s 6d. By inlB - Martell's brandy, per gallon 12s 6d, per case, as al ; Hennessy's brandy, per gallon, £1 2s, per case, £2 8s; rum, per gallon, This Gd ; gin, per case, £2 2s, (full contents) per CMC, £6 14s; old tom, per case, 11s; whisky, per case, £1 13s; Ales (English) per hogshead, £9 2s 6d, per dozen, 13s; porter, per down, 13s 6d ; ales (colonial), per 30 gallons, £1 15s. Poultry Geese, per pair, wholesale 5s, retail 7s; ducks, per pair, wholesale 4s, retail 4s 6d; fowls, per pair, wholesale 5s, retail 4s; turkey cocks, per pair, wholesale 9s, retail 9s; turkey hens, per pair, wholesale 5s 6d, retail 77. 1'iuita.-Apples retail, per dozen, lOd told; oranges wholesale per dozen, lOd , retail, per dozen, Is 2d; lemons wholesale, per dozen, Gd ; retail, per dozen, 8st; bananas retail, each 2d ; pineapples retail, each 6d to Is. V egetablcB.-PotatocB wholesale, per ton, £3 ; retart, per cwt. 4s; onions wholesale, per cwt. 4s; retail, per lb. 6d, cabbages wholesale, per dozen 2s ; retail, each 3d ; pumpkins wholesale, per dozen 2s ; retail, each 3d to 4d : carrots wholesale, per dozen bunches 2s 6d ; retail, per bunch 31st. Butchers' Meat. Bell wholesale, per 100 lbs, 16s 6d ; retail per lb. 3d ; mutton wholesale, per lb. 1 9d to 2d ; retail per lb. JWI ; lamb retail, per quarter 5s ; veal wholesale, per lb. 4d ; retail, per lb. 5d ; pork wholesale, per lb. 6d; retail per lb. 8d , salt beef per 100 lbs lGsGd. v , , Farm and Dalry Produce. Butter Is 1d per lb. wholesale, is 6d per lb. retail; eggs 1s per dozen wholesale, is 6d per dozen retail; English cheese at 8d per lb. wholesale, 2s per lb. retail, colonial cheese 3d per lb. wholesale, 5d retail; bacon 8d per lb wholesale, 10d per lb. retail. Leather -Sydney kip leather Is 10d, Maitland ditto lot 34, Sydney sole leather Is 3d, Maitland ditto 4s, per lb.: bag leather 15s per side ; harness leather Is, calfskins 5s, French calfskins 6d, per lb.; basils 14s per dozen;, hides 7s 6d In each. ,,, ... Tallow Hutton £34, beef £32, per ton. Candles 5 Md whole sales' d per lb. retail. Tobacco -American, 2s per lb. ; colonial, 1s per for city"' £5 10s per 1000. The "Flower of the Holy Ghost is a South American production. The flower is a creamy white cup, nearly as large as half an egg, and extremely beautiful. What constitutes its extraordinary a character, and its wonder as a natural floral growth, is the fact that in this flower is a little pure white dove with pink bill and eyes, and its head turned as if looking over its back. Its wings, feet, bill, 8-6 , are its perfect as those of the living dove, whose counterpart this wonderful music vegetable bird is. The rivers de Lone relates that a cattle dealer of Drain, Maine at Loire, perceived last week that one of his finest oxen was affected with anthrax of carbuncle, and having consulted a veterinary practitioner, was by him recommended to destroy the animal. Being, however, reluctant to lose the value of the beast, he first slaughtered it, and then offered to give the skin to the sons of two butchers of Drain, named Renou and Marceau, as a recompense for their trouble of skinning it. The bargain was accepted, and at the same time he entered into an agreement with a success. of Ancenis, and sold him, on cheap terms, the body of the animal, divided into eight pieces, the meat weigh- ing about 750 lbs., averring that he had killed the ox; because it was dying of a plethora of blood, some pieces were sent to Nantes, and sold with a profit to a writer, who would naturally dispose of them in na turn. But the consequences to the young men who had taken off the hide were fatal, as both were a few days after seized with fever, shivering, and abscess under the arm- pits, and one of them died on the Saturday following, and the other the next day. Carpets are bought by the yard and worn by a foot, 