POPE 111'' IN- BELGIUM. H "By tlieir fruits ye. shall know. them' - is a diuiie maxim, applicable alike to reli gious systems, ami to men in their in dividual capacity. Popery has ever proved itself the greatest foe to the en lightenment ' of mankind, to civil, and religious freedom, and to personal, domestic, and national purity ; and in these respects it has presented a 'strik ing contrast to Prdtestaniism. -./ Pro testantism expands 'the ,ihinii..qi)firj;. stunts it; Protestantism, elevates the masses, Popery degrades them. Dr. Manning; in' his 'infamous , sermon, from which we quoted in our last issue, stated that' the : Church' of Rome, i is'; ,/ilie greatest, teacher and most <: successful promoter of morality ' in tb e' i worl cl, aiiil pointed,' in a tone .'of tniiuiph, ' to'ithe immortality 'of Protestant; !/c it proof of Protestant, error, ; .and, to! the mortality of P.ojiish countries as a. proof of Catholic truth. : "\V"e accept- his; chal lenge. Belgimn is1 'knoWiivt'o be iii- ten sely Popish , and ' a ' ;cpri;csp oudch't, writing but a fow . days . ago,: gives 'the .following account of: the moral condition of its people : - " Of .its,, population .of four . million and a half; there are -not more - than 10,000 who do not profess - the Itoman .Oatholic faith., The number of Roman 'Catholic' scc'ular clergy is '5;150,/ that of the regular 2,000. There.; arc. also .up wards of .18,000:' nuns''? and ' . sister. of eharity, wlio; as well as the. monks, are chiefly engaged in tuition' and atten dance on the sick. and indigent." Then there, are the. Jesuits, more dangerous, 'because'- more- skilful and concealed/ Tt is difficult' .'to say '.where they 'are not, or under, what disguise they are concealed. Every one > fears them. The State is very suspicious of them. Legislation is made expressly to prevent their getting property ; yet it is a fact that within a few years, . that is, within twenty . or twenty -five, they -have secured for them- fiolves, in Belgium, veal -property - to the amount of a couple of million fraiics. English parents' little know! the;, danger they run when they send their, Children to school in Belgium. Tempted by the saving, they select an- establishment where the terms are moderate, .in nine teen cases out of twenty that school is under the direct control of the priests, if not established and carried on by ! them. The chances are, as tlie young people are taken to the magnificent cathedrals, as , they witness . their gor geous festivals, listen to their '..stately music, study, their painting and sta tuary, . guided by the cunning craft of their ' -teachers, tlicy become Roman ' Catholics, . -or reject ; religion . altogether. , , Tb is is ' the caso . in Belgium ; here there is no via. media. .iiXpu are either a Roman Catholic or an infidel; in whose eye there . is no 'hereafter, ' the Bible "an old wives' " fable, God and the devil bugbears in vented/by the . priest. But the infidel party is confined to Brussels aud the cities, Asa rule, the people are in tensely .Itoman Catholic, aiid. as a aiatural 'result, intensely degraded. The /Roman-' Catholic, creed' is only fitted for slaves. It was never meant for mar.. //Just" see what -the people believe. At Bruges, they have the Ohupelle du St. Sang, where thoy show you at this time, every Friday, some drops of the. . blood of our Saviour, which Count, Theodore, of Flanders, brought from i ihe- Iloly Land and1 presented to -the city ! AtUjdurtrai, they show you t lie ch u rcli of, N otrd Da me, said to have been (bunded by Count, Bald win, of Flanders, -in 1 288, -in honour of a liair of (J h vis ty brough t by li i s uncle I'll ilip, from Alsace, anil, to this day au object of idolatrous veneration.. At Ghent, they take yon to. ,the. church ;of. St Dymphna;. an Irish princess who Was converted to Christianity, and was beheaded on the #pot by her heathen father, whi.se shrine was believed to.possessmiraculoiis powers. Hal,; a small town uear Brnssols; is cele- iirated throughout Belgium as a pin ce of pious resor t on Account of the miracle- working image of tlie Virgin in the church of. Notre Damo. In one of/the little chapels in the church you 'tiro 'shbwri thirty-three, cannon balls/ caught' and rendered harmless .by, the robes of. the; image when the town was besieged ! The town of St." Hubert records the fact tliat thpj .saint of that' name was once a profli gate, and impious Prince,, who did not Aoriiple to indulge in the pleasures of the ohase, even on the solemn fast days appointed by the Church. Whilst thus engaged one Good Friday, he suddenly /beheld the apparition of a stag, with a 'cross growing from its foreheads; between! its antlers. Thus warned of his sinful j courses, the Prince became, a saint, and; worked all manner of miracles, of course. ! Even in his relics the same wonder-work ing powers were exhibited. At Louvain a curious blackened imago of .Christ is exhibited with great- veneration, because| it once caught a thief who entered the church with sacreligious intent. Art, in, tlie same way, records most egregrious1 absurdities, as where at, Maljncs they! show you the dead body of a female saint floating up the stream ; or, as at Antwerp, where the genius of Reubens did not 'disdain; to '".'paint such ' subjects as St. Theresa believing fi;om / purgatory, the soul of Bernardino of -Mcndoz,' founder i»f .a convent of Thercsiiin mint nt'Balla- dolid, .or 'the 'nuptials ! of ' St, ' Catherine with, the! infant; Jesus. ,./ //,;.;.'; --/i,,'-. " And what is the result; of- all this teaching ? We reply,' the utter demorali sation ; : of ' th e people! ' ;,T H e ; in en / arc drunkards,!' the, w omen' 'jUnchas.t'e.;! !.A's a rule this, may "be i safely affirmed. Of ;coursc wc speak' only of the labouring 'class more entirely under pribstly super intendence. ; One, fact will suffice. v, The servant girls in, Brussels are. nearly.all of them mothers. On this head, then, wo need say no more. ' Let us, however, 'give another illustration. Not , loiig, / since there, , vvass a singular trial in the. Ghent district of a- priest who had explained to ii'ckass of y oung girls at unnecessary length .audi with ! too great minuteness, / .all "the particulars, of -tho' married state. i. 'The most significant fact connected' with the trial '.was that the mot, hers of '.the abused gi rls jc'ainc forward .oh; his behalf, and said that ho had only done to their, . daughters what was /done to them by the ; priests when they ; : thems'el yes ; ' were ; young. Lately/ two boys' schools, , one a Reforma- tory under ithe carc of« the .priests, were taken from them, and put under lay superintendence,' for reasons, to use the common formula,. easier./miagihed than described.; ; At Ghent; one; of, -.the papers proposes to publish a supplement devoted to the r< cords of priestly misdeeds, to be printed in Latin, and not to be read by females! . We oft-en b'earRoman Catholic priests ; speak of the .licentiousness! .of England. It is nothing to that, of Belgium. In: this country, as you take your waHcs abroad you meet a : heavy red- faced sensual.. man, dressed in a , black- gown, and wearing on: his bullet-shaped! head a shovel hat, and on his huge' feet shoes with biickles/ You may well tremble as you think liovv such as lie have i in subjection the mother, the daughter, the wife. It is an iindoubtcd. fact that these priests have an immense power over the comnion people. ! One great evil of the country is its demoralizing fairs, which always last a week, to '.which all the servant girls will go, and - which all. enlightened: lovers of, /their country, all true philanthrophistSi wish to sec put down The priests .alone oppose this moderate social reform/ Only a week or' two ago we witnessed the grand festival : of. the year at Antwerp, the Feast of the Virgin Mary. The .spectacle was impos ing. Solemnly resounded the penitential psalinsi along, the streets of that- quaint old town ; devoutly did the long procession, each- member of it holding a lighted .taper or gorgeous banner in his hand, slowly walk ; how- reverently wore ten thousand heads bowed, as the Host under a fine canopy passed by. Could anything, exclaims the enthusiast, be more touching, more interesting; morn indicative of strong religious feeling?, "\yell, ' all we can, say is that on that night, ;it was a /Sunday- Antwerp was something like London after the return from the .Derby, You '.may now judge tor yourself of , the,, influence of ;religion in Belgium, where , no .one enters ; a church without dipping his tingers;in holy water and, making the sign of tlio erbss j wliere bvefyirheye you s.ce images of '! the Virgin ana Saviour; and where, so pious , are the people, tliat the estaminet takes for its. sign the - ' Grace of God/' and'a distillery will ball itself.' The Distillery of the Holy .Ghost,' - , One word more. / When Pppery. had, more power, Belgium, was worse off. In 1788 Miss Berry visited Liege, .then eutirely under priestly- rule. _Sho thus writes W alked about the ' streets - . of Liege, which is one of the dirtiest, ugliest, worst-built towns I ever saw.; the very - palace of the Prince Bishop has not the least air of cleanliness or propriety about i\ The streets are crowded with : beggars, exhibiting every possible form of wretchedness, and everything boars the appearance of poverty, vice, and misery. Indeed, the many instances, of profligacy; .observable in the city under the goveriH cinent and the residence of a bishop; shocks and surprises everyone. Every, '/Priest 'openly leads an immoral life, and !/t.he principal bookseller's shop was filled /with nothing but profligate talcs and novels.' The French Revolution extond- 'iug to Liege, swept the Bishop away, in .lus temporal capacity, and the result is,; ifls . our Volunteers found, Liege is a: remarkable well-built aud handsome town,: Uvh'ere you see no signs of wretchedness,! j:\nd never a beggar. i 