Remarkable Dream. [A. correspondent sends the Brisbane Courier tho following, and vouches for tho accuracy of the statement of facts therein contained.] Allow ma tn introduce the dramatis persona : — Myself a youth of twenty summers, an utter dis Uliever in ghosts ; Mr. H., a gentleman in business in Sydney ; Mrs. H., wife of same, a stern, decided, educated woman ; iliss H., sister of Mr. H., an old iwdd,say forty years old, much given to Beethoven's uaatos performed with much vigour and no feeling »pon a pianoforte ; Sophie B., only daughter uf the Wfore mentioned Mrs. H. by a former husband, a handsome, educated, engaging, intelligent girl, ?wne age as myself; I will call myself James, *sd say I am the promised husband of Sophie. It was on the 23rd of April, I860, lit. Gejrge's f»y, when the statue of 'Albert the Good,' in pyde Park, Sydney, was unveiled in pretence of a 'tge coaoourse of people, with the vulunteere, mili **rji firemen, and friendly societies all drawn up in °rder around. And here I must mention that Miss H-i the maiden lady before mentioned, had left wdney a few days before in one of the White Star '»e of ships for London. ? We, that is all the persons described, except Sliss **-i had been to see the statue uuvtulcd, and had '(turned to Mr. H.'s residence in one of ihe loveHeat suburbs of Sydney, and after a pleasiut evening with my betrcthe'd I departed for my other's house about ten o'clock, and after ay jsoal pipe with the 'paternal' aetircd to rest. n wai my habit to call for Mr. II. on my *-J to business, and to walk with him into the city. Ol? the next morning, April 24, 1666:— I am parti - C1'M about dates— 1 called as usual, and while ^'ingforMr. H. Sophie same into the sitting room, and after our usual morning salute she Baid '?Oh, James, such a curious thing happened to mo last evening after you loft. I was sitting on the settle where you lift me, and I must have fallrn into a sort of dream. I fancied you had not gono, b it were still silling beside mo, when wo both, (us I thought) distinctly heard my aunt's (Hiss II.) step coming down the stairs. (Here I must mention a peculiarity iu Miss H.'s step; she always came uown stairs stepping as it were one foot heavier (him the oihw.) I thought I said to you 'There is mint's stop on the stairs.' You liughed at me, considering my aunt is n-w tome riiManca »n Iht voyage ; but Btill we heard tlie stop coming along tho hall. It stopped at tho door, and you immediately rose to open it. I shall never forget your look when yon saw absolutely as I did Miss H. standing at the door. You looked perfectly aghast. I thuught my aunt advanced towards me, and eaid twice in her usual voice, but very reproachfully, ' Why did you not tell me my mother was deal?' Alter these words she retraced her stops, and we hca.'d her as I thought retire to her room.' Of course I laughed at Sophie for her dream, as I called it, but she persisted ia taking a note of the day and hour. Three months afior a letter arrived from England, stating that old Mrs. H. — that is, Mr. H.'s mother — had died on the 23rd of April, at u quarter past ten p.m. Thus ends my chapter on -ihnslis. It only confirms many instances of a similiar nature described in the first volume of 'All the Year Round.' I will make no comment. You can give my name to anyone wishing confirmation of the above. I loave it to yourself. 