1 i-[E NOVELIST. .::SAINT' BRIDGET'S CAVE. S Continued. 'IliThe lbvers were confirmed in this decision by an ocnurrence which caused them no little uneaniiness. The rumours that smug glers had reappeared at Stanton soon be came known along the coast, and caused an unusual stir amongst the preventive men, wiho had a station a few miles distant. With . these rumours there also got into circulation distorted versions of the attack upon Nettie Stanton, and her opportune deliverance, for though both George and Nettie had striven to keep the occurrence secret, a few broken hints, escaping one or other of them, had enabled the servants to patch together stories far beyond even the truth. The Jirst evidence that such rumours were abroad was given by the appearance of a coast _uardsman to make inquires about the ie puted smugglers; and with him rame-a Mr. Thompson, the excise officer of the district, 'vho announced his intention of staving for a time at Stanton, to keep watch. His presence scarcely suited George's arrange Iments. Therefore, with a view preventing lidle gossip, he thought it better to take the exciseman into his own keeping. So Mr. Thompson was invited to make Thursfield his residence; George took cure to accom pany him in his rambles along the coast. Nothing, however, was discovered. The cliffs were thoroughly searched, .the caves explored, every possible hiding-place ex amined; but no trace of smugglers could be found. At last, having exhausted all means of inquiry, Thompson became con vin'ed that hlie had been lured by a false alarm; and acting on this con viction, he prepared to leave Stanton. George, who had taken a liking for the man, urged him to wait a clay or two longer, to be present at the wedding. Thompson, however, had con ceived the notion that his host knew some thing more of' the smugglers than lie chose to tell; and he therefore resolved to make private examiuation of the coast, without Thursfield's presence. So, appointing a coast-guardsman to meet him a few mihls out of the village, he set off in the evening, with the avowed intention of spending the night at the nearest preventive station. George went with him along the cliffs, and there, at a path leading down to the main road inland, they parted. For a little while, George lingered on the cliffs, watching the retreating tigure of the exciseman, till the latter disappeared behind a projecting rotk, round which the pathway turned. Then Thursfied pursued his way homewards, thinking of Nettie, and still, in spite of hims~elf, troubled with the evil image of Richard Ellerton, which came like a black shadow across his mind. Once he paused, thinking he heard a cry amongst the rocks below. He looked keenly round, but he could see nothing. Evening was fading into twilight-it was hardly possible to distin guish between the grey of sea and sky, while around nad below, deep gloomy shadows were fast settling upon the cliffs and obscuring the broken rocks at their base. The cry was repeated. George listened with tremor: the time and the scene were enough to .inspire apprehension. Again the cry .Pshaw! it was as lie fancied: nothing but the plaintive wail of the culrlews sweeping with their ghost-like' wings along the deserted shore. So, stepping swiftly onwards, George made his way to Stanton Holm, and there sitting, late into the night, in sweet and loving converse with Nettie, he shook off the influence of these vague: al'arms, and thought only of the dear one. who was so soon to become his own. Next evening, this hopefil calm was rudely disturbed. George had been all day engaged in the labours of ths farm, and as night came on lie was preparing to go over to Stanton lHolm. As he passed out of the doorway, he was accosted by a stranger. " Master Thursfield ?r' said the man. '?1My name is Thursfield ?" replied George; " what do you want with me ?" " I want to know something about Mr. Thompson, the ;ipervisor," was the answer. " I am one of the preventive men, and was to meet him last night oil Stanton Down, but he didn't come. He hasn't been to-day over to the station; and we're a bit unei y for him, with these smuggling'rascals being about the place." A sudden spasm of alarm shot through George T'lhursfield's heart. He thought of the cry amongst the'rocks! " I went with Thompson, he said, " last night,. up the pliffs, and saw him turn downwards to the road, Then I lost sight of him, and have: not seen him again, or heard of him till now." The man shifted uneasily, and turned an quid of tobacco in his cheek. Thep speak p.j thoughtfully, he said, " Something's happened, depend upon it, Mr. Thursfield. Some harm's come to the gauger. lie was a steady man, and always kept his time. Well, he didn't come last night, and we've not heard of him to-day. There's some thing wrong! It had better, be looked into." George agreed with him; and calling a couple of labourers, they went out to search the cliffs. There was no sign of the excise man there; nor upon the beach, nor, as far as they could see, amongst the rocks in the bay. Nightfall put an end to the search. Next morning it was renewed, a party of coast guardsmen, with n lieutenant at their head, coming over to assist. They divided them selves into parties, and searched the cliffs and the coast for miles; but still found nothing. Another day arrivedd-it was tLe eve of the wedding-but still no trace of the exciseman. At last, a loud cry from one of the searchers brought the rest to gether; and there in a cleft of the rocks, so hidden that it could be discovered only by the merest chance, lay the body. of a man. It had evidently been washed up by the tide, and the clothes and; hair were matted with weed. Eagerly tle .searchers cleared away this obstruction, alad lifted the body reverently out upon the sands. -Then they clustered round it, awe-stricken, in the presence of Death : half fearing to realise their worst apprehensions. The lieutenant stooped to ebxamine the corose.. The face was batterbd and dis figured so as to be past recogihition. But the height, the figure, the dress were those of Thompson, and in the pocket of the dead man were found the watch of the supervisor, his pistols, both loaded, and several letters directed to him. " Poor fellow," said the lieutenant; "it is Thompson. He must have turned back to take a last look from the cliffs, missed his fdoting, and fallen over." It was a proabable conjecture, and. was accepted by the party as the truth. But, as they lifted the body to cairy it to the village, the lieutenant started forward. " Great Heaven," he cried, a this is mur der ! The man has been shot!' Shot by an assasin, from behind !" It was too true. The exciseman had not met his death by a fall.. In the back of the head there was a deep wq,und, plainly from a pistol-shot. He had been murdered, and then thrown, face downwards, over the cliffs upon the jagged rocks. This accounted for the disfigurement of the features, and for the disorder of the dress. The immediate conjecture wa's that the un fortunate man had come unexpectedly upon a party of smugglers, and had fallen a vic tim to their vengeance, for he was known as the most daring and active officer along the coast, and in those wild days smugglers made short work of exciseman or. preventive man who fell into their power.' Further inquiry into the murder was, however, necessarily left until next day; and the body was conveyed along the beach, and up the cliff path to the village tavern, there to await the coroner's inquest, and the investigation the magistrate would set on foot. This duty performed the searchers dispersed, the lieutenant and his. men re maining with the body, the villagers stand ing about in groups to diseci hs the terrible incident; and George Thursfield going over to Stanton Holm, to convey' the news to his betrothed, and to calm her renewed fears of impending evil. Poor creatures, to-morrow was their wedding-day. This tragedy vas but' a std preparation for a morning that should be ll brightness and joy ! i If it had been possible, they would have put off the wedding. George himself was de pressed and full of apprehehsion. Nettie, poor thing, trembled like a. figFhtened, bird, and nestled close to her lovers as if'. his arm alone could shield her from danger. Her nerlves had scarce recovered the shock of Richard Ellerton's violence, and her own im minent peril; and now the mdrder of Thomp son served to revive the alarnm excited by the lormer's occurrence. For her sake, there fore, George thought of deferring the wed ding for a few days longer; but it proved to be impossible. T''he licence Ihad nearly ex pired, the clergyman had delayed a distant journey in order to perforni the marriage ceremony, and could wait no longer. So it was resolved that the wedding should take place next day, and George endea voured to restore lhopefilness to his bride by assuming a cheerful demeanour which he was far from feeling. " Dearest," he said, pressihg her. tenderly to his breast. "it will be b'etter so. You will be safe with me, and with safety, will come peace and courage." Nettie nestled closer and clloser; bait when si;A tried to speak, her voice broke into a sob. It was the yvgddiDW morning, ~AgO tho weather. was just what it should be on such a morning-bright, clear and sunny: a good omen to those who believe in forecasts Like all sensitive persons, Nettie was keenly alive to external influences, and the pleasant' change in the weather seemed to her like a pledge of happiness for the future. Not since she and George sat hand in hand upon bank sloping to the sea, had she been so happy. Richard Ellerton an*d his threats were fobr gotten in the renercred joy springing up in her breast. For the moment she almost forgot the dismal tiagedy of the exciseman's death, which she had vaguely connected with Ellerton's re-appearance, and had so made this all the bl'acker and more ominous. George himself, too, had undergone a change. With the breaking of the day which was to crown his life by giving b'iý Nettie for his own, his spirits rose, and I~d came to Stanton Holm to greet his bride with a tendor kiss and a bright loving smile'. His own face was reflected in the hapimness which beamed froth Nettle's eyes; and so, hand in hand-for'fhey were simple folk-r they went, with a few chosen friends, up to the village church. The churchyard was filled with villagers, George and Nettile being great favourites with -the Stantoh people, of whom the ;poor especially, had received many a 'kindness at their hanidd. do,-as the bridal party entered the church yard; old and young pressed round to 'ive them welcome, a'nd blessings and goo d wishes mingled with the merry peals of th'e marriage bells. They had reached the ivy-covered poltc, the clergyman wna waiting, robed, at the altar, the bells rank out .their loudest ner' riest peal,. the sunlight fell in a .golde'n shower upon the bride and bridegroom. Nettie turned with a look of trustful affec tion to him who dras so soon to be her lhu~ band; .and George returned the lovingI pledge by a firmer' grasp of her little hllind One step more, hnd hey would have been in church; but a few moments, and the solemn irrevocable " I will" would have linked them in the. stveetest, most sacred bond that can unite two loving hearts ! But it was not to be! The steps of' the bridal party were bhecked .by sudden coda motion at the chui'chy' rd eate, a confused sound of angry r mofstrance and.authior' tive command. IThlen as if yieldiumg to irresistible pressunIe the crowd gave way, a body of a imedi men, their" cutlas~es flashing in the su'nlight, march swiftly hp the churchyard path, hnd the lieutenant 'of the coastguard stdppink forward from thbir head, laid his hand firinly upon the shohlder of the bridegroom, saying as he did soL-' " In the King's name, George Thursfield, I arrest you for the murder of Hedry Thompson, His Majesty's supervisor of ex cise." As their leader spoke, the coast-guaras men closed, round the unhappy prisoner, and before scared a word could be utterbd, L'hursfield, pinioped Bind captive, was; lad away to prison--the browd falling back'on all sides, shrinking from contact with a murderer. - And Nettie ? She, poor thing, spirang towards her lovel, with .a:stifled cry' a. of a wounded faw.h u Then, put back with rough tenderness by one of the coast guardsmen,_ she fell fainting at the chlrbli door, as if appealing to Heaven for mercy ! And as she fell, she caiight moment~ary .sight-of a 'face that, years after, made her shudder in her dreams; eyes blazing writh gratified hatred, a mouth curved in mocking scorn-the face of ha triumphant demon. It was the face of Richard Ellerton. II.-NIGHT. The examination beforee the magistrates took place within a few minutes of the prisoner's arrest. Tihe evidence, of doutrse, was -entirely circumstantial;. but id told fearfully against" 'hursfield. Indeed, 'inno cent as he knew1 himself to be, hope almost fiaded out of his breast:as proof upon! proof of seeming guilt: was accumulated 'before the court. It was hdwvn that durihg' his visit to Stanton, .the. murdered man: had been exclusively in ''hursfield's comnppny, and that the 'prisoner. had manileItdd- a desire to prevent dther persons from Oom municating with .h im.: This was 'true enough, the .object being to save annbyance to Nettie by concealing the attack: made upon her' by 'Richard Ellerton, and' to do this it was necessary to keep back fidm' the exciseman's knowledge- the fact that Eller ton's vessel had, beera seen in the bay. Then it was further showh.that on the nlght of the murder, '1' ursfield and the excisdman liad gone tog'ether in the direction of the cliffs ; and, as one of the witnesses ddclgred, Thursfield see med desirous to withdraw himself. fiom observation. It was also shown that an hour'afterwards a figure, likel that of the prisoner, h~c been seen ·o the summit of the clif's, as if in the act of listening', and then dtooping to conceal home object, Next came the oirotmstaance of Thursfield's return, alone, looking anxiou and depressed. To these damaging, piee of evidence therei were added others of more startling character. T'Two witness came forward and deposed that ourthe nig of the murder, arid about the tini when accdrding to his own story, Thursfield me have just parted with the exciseman, the heard from the Downs a cry, twice repeated as obf some human creature in mortal agon Thik, they said, appeared to proceed fr0n the cliffs exactly over the spot on which tie body of the murdered man was discovered As this evidence was given, George reme0 berod with a shudder, the cries he had hit self heard on that fatal night, and had mit takbn for those of sea:birds. The last piet of evidence, and the heaviest, was now prd duced. The constguard lieutenant deposee that on again searching the spot in whik the! body of Thompson lay amongst th rocks he found a pistol, recently discharged -?lainly that with which the murder wy committed. This discovery led to an e,: amination of the prisoner's house, wher hidden away in a cupboard, was found pis 'ol, of the same make, exactly crred, poixding. to that discovered beside the body At this point, Thursfield, who had ni nowv maintained `an' impassive attitude stobped forward to look at.the pistols. Tle movement was noted.bythiem in court, and tbdy observed also, that having looked, til unhappy man fell backwards with a still' gr?nan, into his accustomed place. He had recognised in the murderer' pistol the fellow to that- which he hi snatched from Richard Ellerton! To be continued. The Chinese new year commenced o Monday, and religious ceremonies in con, nection with the occasion were celebrated in the Joss Houses throulghout the coldon As with Christians, this kind of observant of,a holiday is uisually followed by a day. recreation. Tuesday was given up ini great measure to festivity, and at night tdl Chinese in Little Bourke-street. held a'so0 of'mild gala. The shops .ivere illuminate with extra brilliancy, Mr. Kong Chee, on of the principal residents, exhibiting a dwvice used at the time of. Prince Alfred visit. - Many of'the Chinamen congregate in, lively knots out of doors, and the hou? of public resort among them were crowd' with company.. Crackers abounded in directions. 'The. departure of the English mail b hastened the despatch of some impoltae Government business. It had-been decide some days previously that the remainder tl e Victorian debentures in- the hands of associated banks in .London should be so at par, and the banks here were commue: c ted with to that effect. By the mr steamer which lefte on Tuesday has gv iome a letter to the agent general acquara ing him with the wishes of the Goveranme! $nd giving him the necessary instruction Information has also been ,sent by the mi that the Government have appointed r. !'. Mancmahon, M.P., as. the representalir! of Ireland on the board which confa .riththe agent-general on emigration matter In connexion with this subject, Mr. Veide attention has been directed to theimportan of encouraging as much as possible ferns' emigration of: the best sort to this col.q and he is instructed to afford to all pers 't this class who desire to come out t reatest tacilities in his power. It ?bs be onsidered advisable to take early steps : procuring rolling- stock for the new railhaBl and the Government have sent throughti ngent- ganeral an order for six passenger ii eight goods engines, of superior manufactue it is insisted on in the instructions givent 'Mr. Verdon that these locomotives shot. have. all- the newest and most useful is 'provements, and men of expeiienceiint construction :of railway. engines are to 'consulted, with the view of obtainic locomotives possessing these advantagP With regard to the Cerberus, Mr. Yr don has been .instructed to ascerti whether the British Government intend claim a share in the managemnent oft vessel, or control over its officers, and t home authorities are to be informed thiat t Government cannot take any steps tovt :filling Captain Norman's. place unless tb are assured that the Cerberus will be l' : over to the colony uniconditionally. you will find the knea-grows (ne, O there. A. GENTLEMAN received an unpaid ter, commencing, " Sir, your letter of terday bears upon its face ihe staffr falsehood." His answer was brief and the purpose, " Sir,. I only wish your lIett yesterday" bore upon its fac? a stamp cW ikind," 