— A Legend of Kilmore Spirits. There is up the country a town call'd Kilmore ; And there is in that town a hostel and store, Which is haunted by spirits, O.P., and galore, 'Twas haunted by rappings, but is so no more ; For, after they'd prov'd a most horrible bore, They went to the Red Sea, or sunk through the floor, To some other equally rubicund shore, Which wandering spirits are said to adore. Within this same hostel two maids us'd to sleep, Or tried to sleep, rather, for nothing could steep Their souls in sweet slumbers light, tranquil, or deep, Since spirits departed their vigils did keep Within their apartment ;— it made their hearts leap To hear those hobgoblins who held them so cheap, And would'nt allow them to get the least peep Or sight of their faces, though fright made them weep ! These ghosts show'd their presence by knocks on the wall, Which came ev'ry ev'ning just after night-fall, And these hapless maids from their slumbers did call. They did'nt on formula stand — not at all, But nightly intruded themselves ; and did maul The sides of the room, which they struck as in gall, With blows that rebounded as though from a ball, And oft made the maidens with sheer alarm squall. These rascally spirits ne'er came till 'twas black With night, so that not e'en the very least track They show'd of their presence, — then came the "smack smack," Which made the poor girls feel as though on the rack ; And though they were never by any means slack, In asking the spirits their object, the thwack Grew never the lighter ; — they'd not take the " sack," Or if they departed.they'quicklyfcame back. At least it was thus ran the two maidens' tale, Which as you'll suppose wasn't likely to fail Some stir to create — while each hearer grew pale ; The maids were advised the best plan was leg-bail. They shifted their room but it didn't avail The spirits pursued them with raps as from flail, Or hammer that drives in a tenpenny nail ; — Which made their poor hearts apprehensively quail ! The neighbors attested the story was true They watch'd in the room and they heard the " to-oo And they finally swore by all that was blue The maidens were mediums and if they but knew The way to invoke 'em the spirits would sue For mercy and tell why they thus restless grew ; And nightly remorselessly put on the screw And thus did decorum and manners eschew. Each night in the room when the lights were put out, There gather'd a curious awe- stricken rout Who conjur'd their best, but, there wasn't a doubt, Not one rightly knew what 'twas they were about. The spirits continued the concourse to flout But not e'en the maidens could make the ghosts " spout," Believers invok'd them with many a shout The rappers however, their prayers did scout. At length one fine ey'ning a sceptical chap Declar'd that the noise seem'd to him but a tap From knuckles that gently the wainscot did slap ; The maids he averr'd had concocted the trap. When lo ! the ghosts vanish'd, no vestige or scrap Return'd — ne'er again was heard e'en the least clap ; A few still believ'd they were mediums mayhap, But many averr'd the ghosts not worth a rap. 