FOUNDATION-STONE LAYING BY LADY EDITH FERGUSSON. The foundation-stone of Chnstchurch, Strath- albyn, was laid on the afternoon of February 25, by Lady Edith Fergusson, in the presence of a large concourse of spectators. Her Ladvshin was accompanied by Sir James Fergusson and his Aid-de-Camp, the Bishop of Adelaide, Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat, Revs. W. A. Clay- field and C. G. Taplin. The preparatory service having been conducted by the Bishop, Dr. Ferguson handed the trowel to Her Ladyship,, who, after tho preliminaries, placed the level on tho stone, and declared it well and truly bid. In a cavity had been placed a bottle, in which on vellum was the following record:— 'Tho foundation-stone of Christchurch, Strathalbyn, was laid by Lady Edith Fergusson on the 25th day of February, 1870, being the 33rd year of tho reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty. Queen Victoria, the Right Honourable Sir James Fergusson, Bart., being Governor-in-Chief of tho Province of South Australia, and the Right Rev. Augustus Short, D.D., Bishop of the Diocese, the Trustees being Messrs. Hugh Ferguson, Francis Miller, and Henry Prince. Architects— Messrs. English and Rees." There were also coins of tho realm, together with copies of tho Register and Advalita' of. that day's date, and tho Southern Argus of Fob. 19\. The Bishop then declared the stone laid in the faith of God the Father, tho Son, and tho Holy Ghost. After a collection had been mado and a hymn sung, the Bishop of Adelaide delivered an ad dress characterized by liberality of sentiment, and then thanked Lady Edith Fergusson for her kind- ness. The Rev. Dean Russell next spoke, and tho benodiction was pronounced. Dr. Ferguson stepped forward, bearing a crimson velvet cushion, on which was laid tho silver trowel, which, in tho name of the Trustees, and on behalf of the congregation, he requested Lady Edith to accept, and tho presentation was gracefully acknowledged. It was in design and workmanship a fac-similo of the one presented to tho Duke of Edinburgh on laying tho founda tion-stone of Prince Alfred College, and bore tho inscription, 'Presented to Lady Edith Fer- gusson, on her laying the foundation-stone of Christchurch, Strathalbyn, 25th February, At half-past 4 a public tea was held at tho schoolroom of the Primitive Methodist Chapel, when about 100 partook of a bountiful spread. At half-past 6 tho Bishop preached at tho Court House to a crowded audience. The choir, led by Mr. W. Fisher on the harmonium, sang some choice selections during the various ser vices. The collection on the ground in the after noon amounted to £23 3s. 8d., and the day's total proceeds to £32 2s. Opening of St. Augustine's Church.— The opening services of the newly-built Church of England at Unley were held on Sunday, Feb ruary 20. The need of a place of worship for the inhabitants of Unley connected with the Church of England had been felt for many years, and steps were taken for the building of this church a little more than a year back. Lady Edith Fergusson laid the foundation stone on the 14th of August last. The design was one prepared by Mr. Thomas, and the Hon. Thomas English has superintended the carrying out of the work, which has been performed by Mr. D. Deans, the cost up to the present time being about £500. The building already erected is intended to form the nave of a large edifice, when the congregation has increased sufficiently, and circumstances will allow of its erection. The inside is as yet unfinished, the walls not being plastered, and some of the windows being only temporary. Two handsome ones, however, have been presented. The exterior presents a very pretty appearance. On Sunday last three services were held. That in the morning was conducted by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, who gave an able discourse from the words con tained in the 17th chapter of Luke and the 20th verse: — 'And when he was demanded of the Pharisees when the kingdom of God should come. He answered them, and said. The kingdom of God cometh not with obser vation.' His Lordship ref erred in ap propriate terms to the opening of the church. In the afternoon tho Rev. Henry Read, M.A., of Mitcham, preached from 1 Samuel, 2nd chap., v. 30, 'For them that honour me I will honour ;' also referring to the event which they were celebrating. The Rev. W. H. Mudie, of Glen Osmond, officiated in the evening, taking for his text Daniel 12th chap. 3rd verse, 'And they that are wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever.' There were very good congregations on each occasion. It is intended that services shall be held in the morning and afternoon of each Sunday. The service in the morning will be read by a lay reader, and in the afternoon the Revs. Henry Read and W. H. Mudie will officiate alternately. The amount of the offertory was £13 17s. 9d. Farewell Sermons by the Rev. J. Pollitt. — On Sunday, February 27, the Rev. James Pollitt, incumbent of St. Luke's Church, who is about to visit England, sailing by the Collingrove, March 5, preachod two farewell sermons to his congregation.' There were large attendances. In the morning the text was Acts xx. 31— ' Therefore watch and remember that by the space of three years I ceased not to warn every one night and day with tears.' Alluding to the previous three or four verses he remarked that there was scarcely a nobler relationship than that existing where there was mutual confidence between a pastor and his people; and after labouring with his present flock for upwards of 15 years, at first meeting in a small room not far from their present beautiful little edifice, he could say ho had never met a more intelligent, serious, and attentive congregation. In leaving he could address them in similar language to the words Paul used to tho Elders at Ephesus. He urged tho necessity of con stant watchfulness lest the seeds of dissension and discord should creep in, and exhorted arid prayed thom to hold together in unity for tho Church's sake, and to let nothing lessen their regard for each other. He warned them to fear those troublers who camo professedly as angels of light, as they would tho one who was like a roaring lion. Those he had been instru mental in leading to confirmation he besought to continue boldly as they had begun earnestly. The choir who had laboured patiently and contributed time and attention to Church music, he for the congregation and himself thanked. They were as a people now com paratively free from debt, and everything depended on their own love and Christian bearing. In thanking them for kindness, and expressing his hope that the Almighty might in His mercy spare him to see hiB old father's grey years, and the home of his childhood once more, and enable him to return to their midst a stronger and better man to labour to the end of his.days— the rev. gentleman was bo deeply affected as to be compelled to close his sermon. In the evening he preached from: the--'' same chapter and 32nd verse— 'And now; brethren, I commend you to God, and to the word of Hi« grace, which is able to build you up--aifd to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified. In. : bidding -ttenit good bye', and u farewell,- :he bade ; them— pejnbapa, if,. might, bar.. for- the ;'last , -.-tuner-tp take rthVanheritance which1 God offered them*. Hei'couniselled' and1 prayed them /how./aa 'he wfruld ' daily j beseech Jfll bis return, that they nngEt begone family,1 with one object mvieW,' ff?: urged .jthem earnestly, to. seek everlasting, lifeijand. desired ithem Jo keep. to the.simpK Wcmi. oi &wi;,;javoiaing vain lormali ties .and Ritualism, but: adhering1 to private and famUy prayer. If; after i this week, he should never see -them again, he would die with the feeling that for them he had ?' striven, laboured, and prayed incessantly. Self-gain he had never sought At the earnest request of the late Archdeacon Woodcock, with whom he had long been^ a feUpw-labourer, he had left a position of;£606 or £700 a year in all sincerity and faith in the Lord, to found the Parish of St. Luke's. Hehadfoundedit/andnowlefttheworkforatime to the Rev. Mr. Marechal. He trusted they would hold' out the right hand of fellowship/ and he hoped they would listen to his teachings. They ?would often, hear from him, and he trustedin improved 'health. Many blamed him because that; .when in health-, he was full of spirits and cheerfulness ; but for this he could not reproach himself. If spared to come back, he trusted to become' their ready comforter, and helper night and day, as a faithful minister of Christ, till the irraye received him, The reverend gentleman sai.down quite overcome. After a pause, be iinUmqted that his locum tenem, his eon, the Rev. H. M. Pollitt, would exchange pulpits with the other clergy- whom they would, with his son. ? have amongst them from time to time. REV. F. W. Cox.— At a meeting of the mem bers of the Hindmarsh- square Congregational Church, held on Wednesday eveningr Feb ruary .2, it was unanimously resolved to grant their pastor (the Rev. F. W. Cox) twelve month's leave of absence, for the purpose of enabling him to pay a visit to Great Britain— a step rendered almost necessary after more than twelve jears' incessant labour in the study and work of the ministry in one church. The Rev. Mr. Scales is to occupy his pulpit for the, most part during his absence, and from thai great esteem in which Mr. Cox has always been held by his brethren in the ministry,' as also by those of other denomina tions, and his ready and generous help afforded in time past to all who have needed it, there can .be little doubt but that other assistance will he cheerfully rendered. There are many Societies —not only religious, but scientific, philanthropic, and others — where Mr. Cox's advice and counsel will -be missed during his absence ; but it is hoped that his proposed vacation will be but brief, and that in due time he may return with renewed vigour and energy to enter upon his vajjiops duties. We believe the reverend gentle man; contemplates leaving early in March. He ?leUyered his farewell discussion on Sunday Februrry 27, when there was a large attendance. 'The text taken was, 'For though [ be absent in the flesh, yet am I with you in the, spirit, joying and beholding your order, and theVsteadfastness of your faith in- Christ.' — Col. ii. 5. At the close of the sermon, which was* listened to with deep attention, at the request of the Pastor prayer waf offered by two members of the congregation, and the divino blessing sought on behalf of him and the Church during; the period of their separation. It may here' be 1 mentioned though this is Mr. Cox's last Sunday service, a farewell tea and public meeting will take place next Thursday evening, when, no doubt, a number of friends from other churches, as well as his own will bo there to bid him farewell. The Rev. A. T. Boaz.— On Saturday, Feb ruary 19; the Rev. A. T. Boaz, who lately arrived by theTamesa f rom England as minister for the Adelaide Hebrew Congregation, conducted morn ing- service for the first time at the Synagogue, llundle-street. After the usual devotional exeproises, which of course were in Hebrew, he preached an able sermon in English, based mainly upon the text, 'And my presence shall ?o .with thee, and I will give thee rest'— fixodus xxxiii. 14. Briefly he con cluded.,, by referring to the circum stances ki which they were met for the first time; the relations existing between himself and the congregation, and his plans for carrying on the work to which he had now devoted him self. Great satisfaction has been expressed at the wrahes of many years having been realized bv the arrival of one who can devote his entire timetoiseeking the spiritual good of tho Jewish community of this city; and there is ample room for congratulating that body. Mr. Boaz is a- young man of promise. He has a clear firm voice, an.itupressive yet pleasing manner, and is likely to exercise a beneficial influence upon hi? .charge. ? ThbCoxfhrexce Ministers.— OnWedaesday, February 2, most of the Wesleyan ministers from the' other colonies who have been attending the Conference proceeded by the 1.40 p.m. train to Port 'Adelaide, and embarked on board the steamer poorong for Melbourne. A. number of local- ministers .and prominent laymen of the Wesleyan. Methodist Church in Adelaide accom panied them to tho railway station. New Primitive Methodist Chapel.— The foundation- stone of a Primitive Methodist Chapel, at Carclew, Gawler River, was laid on Monday afternoon, February 14, by Mr. J. Roberts, Li the presence of numerous specta tors. .The: devotional services were conducted by the- -Revs. J. Barber (Circuit Minister) and .J* H. Williams, who had on the previous Sunday preached preparatory sermons under a spacious tent to crowded audiences. At the conbhis'jon.of the ceremony about 150 had tea in £hb old chapel, and afterwards a public meet ing.wasiheld in the tent, presided ever by Mr. J rsparshott, and addressed by the Rev. Messrs. Wellington, Earlier, and Williams; and also Messrs. Ryder ('Wesleyan) and Goodger. The total cost Tv- ill be about £400, towards which there is subscribed more than half. Rev. R. B. Webb.— The appointment to the vacant cures of Lyndoeh, Pewsey Vale,; and WiHiamstown has been conferred upon the Rev. MrlWebb. Additions to St. Patrick's Chitroh.— On Sundav morning, February 13, the Vicar Gerioral -Re*-. John Smyth)., assisted by the Rev. : fathers McClusky and Nevin, laid the foundation .stone of a new bell tower which is to be /Breoted at St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Chapel, -West-terrace. There was a large number .present to witness the ceremony. The tower will be Gothic in style, and will staid o° a foundation of concrete 7 feet by .5. It will be 60 feet in Ueipht, being ;20 feet over the pitch of the roof,. a$d the base will be 13 feet 6 inches square. It is intended to build the base of Glen Osmond stone, and the upper portion of lime stc«iei faced -with brick. }tis als0 intended to beautify the whole of the interior of the chapel. The .windows will be fitted wtyh stained glass,' the 'two end ones hear . the chancel hav©) been presented, and- are ornamented with . ngure3 of saints, and the emblems of the- Passion of onr Lord. Messrs. Wright, Woods, k: Hamilton are the architects ; Messrs. TJen.net fc Giddens having taken the contract f oi building the tower for £316, and Mr. E. Brook; is to provide $he windows for £50. , The follow ing document was placed in the stone, togethei with one of each of the silver and copper coini of the realm, and two of that day's newspapers^ —'Lapis' iste primarius ; Ecclesiie S. Patriti Hibernije Apostoli Tunis, ab admodun Revereudo Joanne Smyth, Vicario Gene rali , Adelaidensi-^Reverendissimo Episcop- ratione Genernlis Concilii absente-r-dii xiiL ? Februariij ? 1870 — dominica Septua gesima. : Cathedram S. Petri, D. N. Papj Pio IX; occupant*^— Victoria -I., Brittahiarun Regina felic.iter; regnante— Jaeobo Fergussbi ei\aite .Australia Meridionalis proviaciam pro curante, taustissime in Domino positus'vpst.1 After, the stone had beeu laid moss was per formed .in the t chapel, the Rev. Fathe MoGIosky officiating. This was followed by i sermon by the Vicar- General. A collection wa made- amounting to over £50. 'After the wor already in hand has been completed, it i intended' to. erect a pulpit on.the, south side c the cianeelf and an altar dedicated to the Virgi onjbiffinorth. , -. ? j . ?;? Fbee Night School for 'Wist 'Adklaide;- A few weeks asfo the Rev. James Lyall appeale through the Press- for aid to carty on a f n night schpo' in West Adelaide, intended. fi children whose parents were either unwilling - unable to educate them, and which had. beetti operation i fpri some ? months -with ?'?. gratifyii rcsultiboth^as Tegards the attendance of t) riAt class'' and.the lahpius of . volunteer, nia and female teachers. Ameeting of the.teache was held on Monday evening, January 31, one of the .schoolroom* attaehed.'.to,PliAders. Btreet.Pr^sbytenan Church, ;to, hear .tttMtt bfthe appeal; I Mr. Lyall stated that he, had received cash and promises ; of - money to-the Bxtsent»uffideafe -to flarryob the ifichool for;sir months ; that Mr. Magarey had generoMygiVen' the use of a large storeiu Curne^street. for the fechool ; fliat Mr. Phillip* had givetathenecessary number' of limps;1, that Mr.. Mudge,: -licensed teacher; ha'd undertaken the gene.raj[_superm tendence of the school; and that operations were to : continue on Monday ' evening first. Those present having intimated what evenings they could attend, and other arrange ments connected with the reopening having been attended to, tho meeting separated. 