FIRST COUNCIL OF THE VATICAN. THE subject of most interest throughout the Christian world at the present time is the (Ecumenical Council, but Roman Catholics are, of course, most nearly and deeply concerned in its proceedings. It is felt by Protestants, much as they may affect to despise the utterances of Rome, that when they are delivered as the voice of the Church, they carry an irresistible influence with them upon every Christian community, in many cases touching obstinate hearts as though by divine inspiration, or impressing a secret conviction of truth on the moBt obdurate undertandings. In Catholic society there is an eager esire, springing in this case froui Catholic faith nd devotion, to learn all about the proceedings f that august assembly of the Pastors of the hurch, in which the great questions concerning the honour of God and the salvation of men will be defined on the eternal and immutable basis of divine truth ; and in the Protestant mind, which, notwithstanding its contumacy and denials, is' secretly impressed with the greatness of Catholicism in its present attitude, there is an uneasy curiosity to know to what purposes it is directing itB unequalled wisdom and power. For the enlightenment of our Catholic readers on this subject of momentous interest, we shall select authentic intelligence from the Catholic journals of Europe, and if our selections are judiciously made from the mass of information at .our command, it will certainly be no disadvantage to our readers that we have no correspondent of our own in the Holy City. In the selection of our extracts we shall make much use of the correspondence in the Freeman's Journal and of that in Catholic Opinion by Father 7 Dilke. And among the other Catholic journals of whose correspondence ' we shall avail ourselves; are the Tablet and the Westminster, Gazette. THE HALL OP THE COUNCIL. I must now give you some description at the Great Hall of the Council, which will be the arena of the deliberations and discussions, and finally the decisions :w^ich will hereafter bind the Catholic World—where that mighty word Jrl' ® ! ute * ,ed in each judgment of the assembled Church, 'It seemeth ,goodto.tbe Holy phDst and to us.' ' ' * Lying to the. right of the High 'Altar in the vast area Of the Norih Transept, thehall is not seen on entering thfeBaiilica, no* tifl you have arrived beneath the dome and stand in -front bf the High Altar of the Confession of St. Peter, with its hundred ever-burning lamps. Thus, the general harmony of the architecture is unbroken by the temporary structure. The entrance to the Council Hall is closed by vast gates, through which, when open, will be seen the whole array of the assembled Fathers, with the throne of the Pope, not ' Primus inter Pares,' but * facile Princepsfor him who sits metaphorically and literally on the 'Seat of Peter.' Above the gates there is a striking representation of Christ our Lord throned amidst clouds, with the open Gospels in one hand, and with the other in the act of benediction—and beneath on the gates are written Christ's last words on earth : * Ite, docete omnes Gentes.' ' Go ye and teach all nations, and behold I am with you all days, even to the end of the world.' Facing the gates is the throne of the Supreme Pontiff, and on either side' are the seats for the Cardjaals and Patriarchs, and for the Archbishops and Bishops, who sit in order of their consecration. All these seats are covered with rich tapestry—crimson, green, and violet. Space has been found for about seven hundred Bishops. Arrangements have been made, moreover, in the centre of the Hall for a host of short-hand writers, and tribunes are erected over bead on either side, and opposite the throne, to the right for Royal personages who may wish to be present. There also are places reserved for the diplomatic body, and in the tribunes lower down for the Theologians of the Council, the Procurators of absent Bishops, and for the Schola Gantorum of the Pontifical Choirs, for High Mass, and other usic which will be sung at the different funcions. The Hall of'the Council is adorned in the most excellent manner with tapestry, carpeting, and paintings of appropriate subjects. Above the Pontifical throne is a large picture of the descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost, and on each side and in front of the tribunes near the entrance, other striking paintings, of the First Council of Jerusalem, the Council of Nictea, the Council of Ephesus, and the Council of Trent. At intervals there are other single figures, four especially of great size and excellence, representing the four Doctors of the Church, St. Chrysostom, St. Jerome, St. Ambrose, and St. Augustine. Above all, in medallions, are the heads of Popes who have presided at General Councils. Such is the general aspect of the Hall of the Council. The other arrangements are most perfect, Buch as the sacristies and retiring roomi, arranged for the accommodation of the Bishops,' for -we were warned by the officials that all strangers must retire, and just then the cannon of St. Angelo announced that the Pope had left the Vatican and was on his way for the Grand High Mass at St. Peter's. We had hardly taken up our places in the nave, when the procession entered, first the Cross, and around it the seven Pontifical Acolytes with their seven candles, symbolical of the seven-fold gifts of the Holy Ghost, then the Choirs chanting the Processional Psalms, and, last of all, surrounded by three hundred Cardinals' and Bishops—the Pope—aloft in his sedia gestatoria, a gilded throne borne on men's shoulders and shadowed by a canopy of state, carried by persons of honour in his household, or grandees of different countries. Knights of the Order of Malta, and Swiss Guard in the picturesque costume of the sixteenth century, the design of Michael Angelo, marched as a guard of honour, with swords drawn before and around the Pontiff. When the Pope had reached his throne, giving his benediction as he passed slowly through the crowd of 30,000 people, the Mass commenced. "A cutting from the Times' correspondence just arrived, is as life-like a picture of the Holy Father, from an eye-witness and an ontsider as could well be given;— "' The old man has aged sadly in twelve years. His face was large, and it is larger; pale and it is paler, But he walks steadily, and his eyes look determination. Twelve years ago I thought that by continual blessing he had become benignant for ever : but that is gone, and Pius IX. looks what he feeli. No doubt he has had many a sore trial. He passed within two yards of me. All knelt who could. I saw the representative of the Patriarchal Church of the West, to which our own for many centuries rendered a willing, though not wholly' unreserved submission. I saw there some hundreds of Bishops from many different lands, professing a faith substantially my own. But the spectacle seemed to belong to another world,—certainly not to my pwn sober country. The service over lighted candles, four feet long, were placed be-' fore all the Bishops, and, with the Pope and Cardinals, they all made a procession down the nave of the Church, after which the Pope and bis attendants left by the Council Hall. I made my way to the end of the nave, and thought the multitude would never cease flowing down towards me. It would be impossible to describe the varieties of character and costume, -from ecclesiastics of all nations, monks of all orders, soldiers, tourists, and ladies in full dress, down to the veritable descendants of the Wd- satyrs in sheepskin jackets and goatskin breeches. Emerging into light I saw the Vast Piazia all "a swarm of life.' ••• SOME ON THE MORNING OP THB OPENING. Rome on the 8th of December was awake and abroad before the first break of daylight; before the brazen tongues of th+ campanili had begun to stir the air, before the mortars of-'-the Angels' Fort had begun'to call on their fellows of Mount Aventine to announce the gathering of the Lord's people. Pedestrians wore picking their way through the mud; and - vehicles of every i form dashing madly'through' the midst of them,^ ntent only on disposing of one '' fare" in time' o return and-ply with another... As if to try ! heir devotion,'the air 'was chilly, and the sky: verclouded;'*nd a drizzle of rain gave way now. nd then:to a downright shower, which in turn ercifully snbaided into a drizzle'; hat deter-" IIIUUUUHIU ination and warmth VSNINU UL of UWN heart wasipntof WUI|IN»[ WUDH. againrt n,and on,and on,and.stm.op. the ^rsUtent, multitude continued to flow towards oi. in utter faith in its exhauBtless capacity ' w thplfss. theless, at last I riielieve believe for fnr once it was _r'..litS wev B /""—an event not yet achieved in this cewS If the weather had been finer, and nrortT wanted to come, I do not know wherethev o i have VP fnund found room. Therp There was such "eager!' that, once or twice the tiit'ong preeaed on soldiers keeping reafly the ^TMessitfn line «n murmur ran through the faint-hearted the Garibaldians were attempting a disturbas but it was only the fretful impatience of a devout, who could, not bear to. he kept away " the sight on which they ted come to feast eyes. Never again in the life of one generi can there be afforded such a mystic view as th presented ; the inpouring of the grey colonrS silhouettes in fantastic motions and grounin full of earnest life, yet dwarfed to pigmi J the far-off lines of the architectural enclosure, which fancy could attach any personalis pleased, like the faces in the fire, or the nond script imaginings of one of Dora's bizarrest nt tures. Were they men, or were they ants more likely still, were they sprites one had coi upon unawares " in a cavern under the root! tbe ocean," getting ready the machinery wM, moves all the puppets on this earthball for the' daily task. " Chi lo s&f; "—who could tell' but for the perpetual light of truth spreading jt ever calm unvarying ray from the Apostolii Sbrine. ' » Then the gradual breaking in of dawn, withii sensations always so fresh and so inspiring ha fraught with new charms as it lighted up, fir the glories of the glittering span overhead 'thai shrine after shrine, and monument after mow, ment, and beauty after beauty, tiii at last i reached the seething anthill of the populating below; and, while it dispelled the fairy- like sueW gestions of the earlier hours,yet exposed to vi™ scarcely less fantastic reality. The laity were certainly the first to arrive b' two or three hours, but soon after seven somi matutinal bishops traversed the privilegei bridge, some of the Orientals being among the first to arrive at the nucleus of the proceeding! as they had been the first to reach Rome liki tbe Eastern Kings of the First Epiphany, themselves symbolising the dawn of the rising Sun o Truth. Soon after, began to arrive the an pointed deputations of parochial and regulai clergy, collecting till they formed an imposin phalanx, or sort of spiritual guard of honour Meantime the hours were flying by and'the multitude, which had so long been struggling iSf breathless expectation over the pavement which! their passing feet had rendered as muddy «ni| slippery as the very streets, became gradually j»lP wedged that further struggling wasimpossible P bo blended together into one heaving mass tktlf it aptly set forth a living type of the spiritoiJ 10 construction of the Church, reaching, as it did from the very Holy of Holies, the Shrine of the ( [ j I Apostles, with the Venerabile " lifted up " thereon, to the outer vestibule and to the Scala Regia. so that the least movement at one end instan-B taneously pervaded the whole. Two such move ments there were, the first was when quietly and almost in silence the Blessed Sacrament ws placed on the High Altar, and the multitude turned and bowed their heads, the effort to knee being only possible here and there -when som inequality of the architectural lines afforded an adventitious extra dole of space. Subsequent the Monstrance was veiled. It was then half. past eight. Expectation was now at its highest, and me, living tableau of the corpus ecclesice seemed t breathe with but one breath ; then suddenly there came another thrill, pressing infrard from the great western doors, and it was known by all that the Procession had started. It was nine o clock. Faintly the ear of the multitude caught up the distant chant of the Sistine Choir, breathing their measured prayer, " Come, Holy Ghost," at long intervals—intervals so long that each was sensibly louder than the last, and the whole period so long that the Procession might have been coming A,11 the way from Heaven. !THE OPENING OF THE COUNCIL. " All hearts are filled with a mysterious joy, aB if they knew the dawn was at hand." Such is the report of one of the most thoughtful spectators of the great scene of the 8th December. It was not the pageant which chiefly arrested attention, though the world has seen few so noble and arid impressive. No triumphal proc ® S8 |P n which ever mounted to the Acropolis or the Capitol surpassed this, even in what met the eye, while, in .moral significance they could not be compared with it. In the great Basilica itself, many covered their faces with their bands, and did not so much as attempt to gaze upon a ceremony of which : they, comprehended too well the true imj>ort to busy themselves with its external features. Yet some of these were wonderJ ful to. look upon, When the Holy Father wag first seen as-he began to descend the Scata Regia, and when hecame'down from his throne at the door of St. Peter's, in sight of, the .Blessed Sacrament • exposed , upon the altar; F""" ; . when WNPN the rue long JUII» arrav of Rlahnnn .i J . , - . array of Bishop representing all' that remains | of truth and wisdom in this lower vro'rld, passed | up the nave, and, after: adoring their Lord, turned aside into the Council Hall; when tbey ^ DV a c h carr 7' n K his distant flock if PLW 1 t0 ' J°® er , t,)eir obsdLcelo'theVicBr tiff lifHnV' totlyj'wb&i; the Sovereign Pon- ^L' - g T P J" 8 ,: hands Uke Moses tothe mount, n Dr th n / 0ked * ^e .Most High , aa8embled ^thprs_«St hanc sknetam " » P*** wtesiasikos benedkere d ' 9 Z7 D 7w?? l e,t . that «"**ere io,!nn S upon a scene at Which Angels might reirtice to be I ?o r S an< L tb a t' in %ery .touth'tl^ Church founded on Peter-is the Kingdom ofGodand | 8 1 ljr0d a the vestibule bf Heaven. ° ^ ' f , THEPII^LON^FTFCSOILIABOU; of S ne ®P«t.1mpoirtnfe features . ^ ^ ^ A A & F F L ; two ONNLFBRT<yj* I—-F «""* • ' ffa,knes«>- or blindness, ha4 to be conducted i t and « "P.®,!®^; o i terin » ««P» M jiui4«qaely steadied by the arm of amwistrant, ie could oot bat ponder,on the- faith. ^hiq^ had ..Med sncli to.undertake jou^ay iipm-a C . country *t tbe call jof jObediemie. Very nderfal was the whole sight, a thing toberenembered for alifetime. . .One tqigfy have spent s of travel,; pty scarcely ffime ,acquanted M greater varieties of typg." .....,/.,. .•It is the glory of Christianity, to haverfused II nationalities info onegreat family, and of that gnernstaral unity, t nothing .else oat ',«f i eaven resembles, the Vatican Council is a new in.hrntioD. The Bishops _doj not jcepreBjent " "" iCburcpes ace ( the.. Greek, and >|clll., r.._ „ , ^patriarchal Sgureg,of/a Jaionite or an Armenian ..fJatjiolicoB, majestic pen who looked as if; t{jfy,..we're kipsmeii. pf and their '^Ajf • manner tpt<T «if • years of labour, of . dangers overcome, anil "{watchfulness which only death could relieve, ^e were bronzed in the prime of lite by torrid jlimates, or emaciated by privations endured in itrbaroas lands fpr the love of souls., The noble gisliops of Spain, who ,ha.ye so, lately defended fleir Muster's honour against the impure agents jf the revolution, were remarked for the stateiw 88 their presence, and looked as if inartyrlorn would have no terrors for them.. Most of 1e Italians were conspicuous, for an expression piety and intelligence, which was noticed by jgny of the spectators. The-Americans looked yie men who had, an arduous work to do, and knew that they were able to do it. All these, 8 ; nd a multitude of other races and tongues, oared by no congraint bat that .of faith, conscience, and reason, had ,'come'from far-off lands at the voice, of Peter, and offered in turn to bis successor their homage and .obedience. fere digitus. Dei est ;.. There were men young and florid, men in the strength of middle age.arid then, again, men rtose external powerg seemed, on the wane, yet iKtlia mental energy kiodtfug in their eye,.and » confidence of gait .which showed them' yet itroiig in the strength of, the Church ; and all iast in every conceivable' mPuld of form and feature, even including the Caucasian and Tartar. One who represented .this last type wore his hair in a prominent tail, "fiiere were, men pale with [tody and fasting, and . men with a skin bronzed by toil under the sun. Of Africa and South .America; men of every c6ric£iv£b!e heighE and ererj conceivable build. At : one time yoii were bewildered by the figure of a small, bright-eyed prelate, with a face as black as night, wearing a ong flowing beard and hair,'and whilst you were wonderingof what description were the stones that were glittering in his odd-shaped tnitre, you s.a,w that he wore, drooping, from his head a long way Sown behind his back, a black veil: of some rich material. I was told, I know ript with what' accuracy, that he had come from' a', dioc^sei' in swarthy Africa.. Then came .two ^grey-haired, ion^-bearded, old prelates, talking, hpwtever, steadily and stately! along, robed in a: style of magnificence worthy of' the East's best and bfigbtest times, and I was' informed that one waB the Patriarch of Babylon—the other of Con- Itatinople." "Seven hundred and-thirty-four passed thus, and then came the Cardinals, divided according to their order of deacons, priests, or bishops. Closely following the' S. College came the Pope, borne aloft and surrounded by the Swiss Guard in their cuirasses ; then, came' the lay element, Senator and magistrates,' of Rome, in 'their stately robes of office,'arid Prince Orsini, Principe Assietente al Soglio, with the title of Guardian of the Council j then prelates of the households, c!iamber!airis, ; pages,'generals of religious Orders, and the tbeologians of tbe Council. Of the Holy Father, I can only say he seemed - quite in fresh health,' 'the "Sides of the ScAla Regia fere lined with the deputations of the different religious Orders and bodies of 1 parochial elegy, ; with their banners." ' '. • • IN THE COUHCIL HAUv.' .'„ ', .. The Holy Father . alighted from .the'" Sedia Gest&toria; directly,,he Entered, 'arid the great' doors were' closed' ^behind J}fm.' This was [ beianse of the Blessed Sa'prainent being in ^position, and then he', walked "!iip, the nave;which Ms a long proceeding, ojving. to" all the 'bishops having to • make ' the/genuflexion before* the Blessed Sacramefit. j .'AU, ttiis, time yoii/maiy imagine how' the,body of people' presSPdjfdrward wnnd their head. Arrived, before: .the Hi^h ihar, around which stofia 'tiie'^ation^ 'Guard, Mtndt'to V^fg^.'^'^lcjl^.-^^^^lsiid; feiflthe few usuaf'Collects, 1 , and passed on to Ills. thronein the•'Aula. '; " ' "r . , "Tbe .taortienti'tlie' |>rocies0ion had passbd, ^the: Tush was terrible, 1 ipd one.or twd people fainted, for every one tho'ughtrto take advantage ol'.the ?pace no longer needfed ,for f the pr6cesbioh;"'t!o m ake their -way jreareT to the Aula. ; . "he MasB at the Council Altaf was sting by VMdinal Patrizi, aBsi'st'ed by'Cardinal de Afigelisj Cardinals Aritonellf &hd; Grassellini being the assbtant dcacong ; Cardinal Boromeo ieirig the'deacon appointed to : st[y tbe/Goppell'" '/ It wis little different - from tlite ordinary'Ma^S, «cept the placing' of the Bible on lts t'hririe: over the altarj which, , to one ^vh'bse ears'have wen well dinnea from tbildho'od witfi'ibe Vjoratant. calumnies about i wailt ; of-defereritie iii .tixe See? fD - *r e ^f^'lwa^fwj' ^triking, Mgr. Paeehy-PkssafaBi;a ! Tj'rolese'<^pnbbib, wbUiittip ficent Latin Ration ftf afefattoli'anliburlB dontion, pffcoam .the laBt General CbjBnral'inViJis'bwri'TriafeDi^e nome, and the feijivia<iatit^! of- tbes^'pMaiiWs; gave a force d h&Wgukge; frrficlii^^Wgo Mf?e to all'Jie^'ffli'^^^tfh^y ihall 1 8TiJBr.a» hi!. 1 ; eitwi 11 tea™i . ^ • the,Btruggle is terrible, neither! it near its end,' .. .. ,p&$les aiid Gbverri- .nffentB j* 6^t against feligidus authority, and their rebetlions wiU bfe.Vfet grea'fer wbeh tbe ouncil ^hall halve epmp^tejl the great W'ork'-Af ,restoring, the..prisjpe 1 basiak:o£ Chrlsiiah Bociety^ apct/yrb.en!^ber. Bishops sbiil'set r 1 ; ••''••- ' abroad ",,what.,tbe r_ Couniilji ^.v^...™, ., who pan say what imposition they m'^r have to encounter, amid. » k tears their seed will,be sown ? . . .'' . , ! Btit not forthis, however, were thdy, ito Ipse hdaVt. ' Let; teach renew vfgqur^in applying himsllf W'cb-pperate With the SoVjereigD;Ppntifl in tte'great v?6ik in band, and-to aid him with' .their light ; for if the tears of Bepd-tibM are certfiin.rtettaifi ais'A is the joy .ojEihe hardest, . . 'T,; Th&ibunclkttt; fruits of |the(^onnpil wep^,cer^Sairtdr Gbd ii with His .Churc^i slnd;cannot'fotsake'.het,',;'P'. Asaa earhest of this lio'pe, hjb spoke orth^ 'manlfesti.- tlpii of thg^Hattcl of ..God ia the well'-bfeing and present :triuaipiis of ,fh6,Church in the midst of her travail, 'and' ttsieed out the support voucbsafed tp Rome through her late trials, with a rapturouB enthusiasm, which carried'every one with him.' He was foriierlf 1 Appstolic Preacher, and is certainty 6.)maste'r,of elo^ifence^1 , Then the HPmage of f Obedience;" was a thrilling thing to see, and if the.procession, as it passed down the Scala E^gia, yvas impregsive, as .a-tojcea of th'e;'discipUne,rstLb6i , diqatjon;" and affection of the ruling, menlbers of the. Ch arch towards their Supreme 'Head, was'. if not to'pibserve the love,'fiad reVet'ence, and order winch were illustrated in this filial act, ahdi'the graceful readineBs which distinguished .'those whose names have been fastened on "as, supposed promoters of'disunion, just as much'as those who are reproached -for a supposed ser vility. I cannot, however, remeiiiber to have seen anything more .truly ', touching than' the sight of the aged and infirm bishop's »s they.fwere.led up by. their chaplains'to the foot of the Papal Throne.- It was in' the midst of this that the one sudden ahd short burst of sunshine mentioned above streamed over the assembly like!, a Messenger of glorious peace.:,.,'''v'' , "' •. , Aftesr. tms came the Xiitany of " the Saints, .in which the voice ofthe people 1 foared atid swelled through the mighty dome ; its appeal to the cooperation of the, Sain,tS,in.t)ie'great Work in hand seeming more clpsely pi unite us With ^he Church abpve ; all .time and space sefemed to be swept a,way,-and we to be kneeling oii the outer.circle of a coronet of (rlory, ene'iilipftBsing the Eternal Throne, A pause in the even alternation of the petitions broke in on these reflections, 'and then the voice of the Holy Father spund^d clear, firm, and fervent with the three sentences .which constitute the Benediction of the Coutic'il, arid lie poured out his. soul with such intense earnestness of desire for the. well-being of 'hatic samciam Synodam,, tbe fruit of so much foil and' watching, that it was as if virtue had gone out"of.him with 'the words ; as he uttered the.last, hp was almoBt .overcome with emotion. '. , The' Gospe! <fpllpwed. It was from the 10th chapter of St. Luke,, containing t][)e .commission of Christ to His Pispipies.. .The Allocution followed soon after. This 'was succeeded' by 'the " Veni Creator," which, with its intense applicability to, the occasion, became,.I think, almoet tbe most striking part of all., Then -the'votes were takep in. order> arid it, was grand to hear the Placet ta,ken from one after another without a dissentient, voice—first,in regard to the holding of the Council, and then aB to the next,General Session being pn the 6tli .January. -Once more the .Pope's, mitre. was laid aside, and be intoned the -Te Deum, which was ,taken up. by the whole mass'of the. people with that jubilant enthusiasm the singing of the Te,\Deum always excites in Romans. . This was the last reach of .what earit* can do in emulation of heaven. It wasnovr tUree o'clock. The assembly broke up.Aquietly, leaving one by one, without any procession, the Pope returning to the Vatican .by tbe private way.' . "..., Among the chief persons .Mmitted -to: ,the Loggie on either side Were the, Empress of Austria,, the, Qaeefi,. pf ^urtem|)urg;, and the Boyial Families,,-of 'Naples.'Orielijd'ipg'.tho?e of Qirgenti, .Caiserta, and ,'TVapwiiJ,. the Queen Ijer-, 'self^notwithstanding^^her delicate condition, haying bravely .:resolved '^ot tp .be , absent ;. the Grand Dukes of 4uscanVan4'Parma, the Corps Diplomatique, .'and ,.thp'if' : '"'iff Officers of both the Pontifical and French Cuo'tingerit.'', .. The • Theologians and, oth^r- officials o£ the 'Council.'were^m the:pql'pi> above these, Knights lot Jeifusriemguarded.'tfie entrance of theAgla. '' •"••a®. PBTKB'S. -. M • Theisite ofi^t. Peter's,/with reference ,to the jother portion of the city about the'XJorso and,tbe Piazza di Spagna (two of the leading neighbourhoods), is somewhat-similar -to - -that occupied by Parkgate street in Dublin with reference say to Dame street' and the-neighbourhoods round, about. Tbe Tiber awLtbfi_ Castle of St. Angela occupy towards St. Peter's about tbe same relative positions tl&t; tfife-y^'tti'^.^wj' ^Bar-, racks occupy With refStance to' the' street? T have already named. The Basilica Js aproacheij iron). St. Angelo'a i t f t k b U ^ e e t s i th^t open upon a magnificfeiit 'feguar^ ajidj'pla^you at opce in. front, pf '^he ^lo^dog'ten4pIe!r'The St'^tyitiw'6t its J eyteriPr |w,ilnq'u^rt!l6pabl^, dfsapr'j»iiitifag',' ftnd the'doni^' about wjhw^tripgn&itiej; beiglit ptie'has ; ^' Jb^tw.,'ifkiia ^^oi read' much, ffcitet! 1 resflise^the^vast opneeptip^a o'ii'e Wad," aliioitfnSensibiy^ eim'e tp 'fbfra^^boal; \- It.'" ; ' ^kilb^" catiafe^ irfe assigned fo.'ibeoqtft"fQi| • tjbls J dis'ajp^oi4ttnent^-'that WMich ^says^tbat, the •fasfMie' is' too high tP 'affikil; i fnli^ot'$b° dotfe helng the most 3 iiWoiiable—but wb^tpv the ofiifcmif be > tbe'eftett is' Cprtaiiilly W^at , have'ttJadifedl' r *B« i««a ! '^bii.fijive^acieh^ed •ii' Tthfethrefe'Siie J.U' 'Ij sicceBsSvii'fiiglrtp; nf -Wanvfrf df martfl^, Jthfl -fcoV. tfepa WriiT pre-eminence of St. Peter's. But it is only wbeo you have set yotir foot wltbrn the threshold pf -" the holy.pldce ""itself that the ftftl majesty pt 'it ai a *o!fk 'oif liim^bisibs' atJa Ubiah. Sn part; rb^Patii it«klf ^jrba'r 'aktonfAied eye, And -—ieei the liption stmifig lover yon tbat at last r. ..M. VeepL teh^^'iipoii' eartbla "Most Sigh.. ' Passing' farther li^fhe iiaVe— under t"|ie toot of'/btittiiig |pttf—over tbfe roarWe floor— p'ast,the stiipenHotin pillars iso brige,b6t'fet so graceful, thit support the Vault abpve-^past the statueB' ot^ saints and pontiffs—past the' meSnb- Haltflif ittOtiZe.and the renowned' mosaics that fascinate your gaze almost ^t every step you tike —past the quaint-looking but venerated figure of St.-Peter,.kisped so reverently by every Catholic who enters within the church, you come "beneath the dome. and stiand close by. tbe encloaure, with "its grounding of silver lamps and everburning lights, withiri which lie" eh tombed the remains of the Ptfnc'e of . the ApoBtleis. . .This particular part is called itie Confession, and, after the shrines and taberriacles of the Blessed Sacrament, conStituteB itS moBt Venerable portion. It is from about this spot, that the most'glori'oris a view of the Basilica; is to be obtained. Clo's'e by is, the high , altar of the church', With its supbA baldachino, or canopy of bronze, taken in part from the portico.of the Pantheon, and rising to a height of 9+ feet from the pavement; away at the extreme'end of the'church'a golden 1 light streams in above the spot wherein .is placed the chair of St. PeteT himself, and ia.bove you rises and rises, till you get giddy ,ia th& effort to follow it upward, the woriderful dome, studded thickly over to its remotest pbint with the ' brightest creations of human art and science. Volumes have been written and Volumes will continue to be written on the exhaiistless' glories of St. Peter's, and those who have seen' it present to ttieir .view in ai^ its original magnificence will Be unsatisfied with all that 'inky bb said of it. Even at the risk of being charged' with 'producing an "old, old story,""I cannot refrain Ifottt quotirig here a few of Lord Byron's noble lines on this marvellous Basilica :— But thou of temples eld or altars new, Stand'est alone, with nothing lite to thee— ' ,. Worthiest of Gsd. the Uoly ami the true. . Since iion's desolation, when that He Forsook His fo^mer city, what could be ; Of-earthly structures id His honour,piled Ot a subl'imer aspect ? .... llajesty, poiver, glory, strength, and beauty an are aisled ' In this eternal ark Of worship undented. , Thou roovest, but increasing with the advance, Like climbing some great alp, which still doth rise, Deceived by its gf»antic elegance ; - . .." Vastneas'which grows, but grown to harmonise, ' All musical in its Immensities; ' Rich'marbles, richer paintings, shrines' where flame The lamps of gold and haughty dome, which vies In air witli earth's chief structures, though their Irarae ' ' ' .. Sits sn the firm-set ground, and this the [cloaas mnst \- claim. It Is impossible in a letter such as this to enter into any detailed description of the rich treasures of this temple, and I must ^content myself with giving those of your readers, who have not seen' St. Peter's, the most accurate measurements of its dimensions that I could find, and allowing them to form th'feir own' conceptions about its magnitude; The vestibule is 439 feet long, 65 in height and 47 in-breadth. The length of the church from the door to the Chajr of St. Peter is '614 feet, its breadth from wall to wall of the transepts.is 445 feet, the breadth of the nave is $9 feet, height of the nave 152 feet, the circumference of the cupola is 443 feet; height of the cupola from 'tne floor 394 feet, and to the summit of the crass that tops-the dome, the height from tbe floor is 443 feet. It is built around the place where St. Peter was martyred —on the site of the circus of the cruel Nero,-and where many a faithful and fearless Christian was Butchered to make a Soman holiday. Its actual erection occupied a apace of 176 years whilst, inclasive.of the subsequent works effected in it and aipput it, it took more than, 350 years to bring it to its present perfection ; it engaged the attention of more than-forty Popes, and co6t a sum of money little .short of ten mil- -lions of pounds sterling.. It is said to cover a space pf between seven, and eight English acres of.ground, THE IRISH FATHEB8 OP TH6 COBNCIT. One, perhaps, of : the' roost striking of the memorabilia in connection 1 ' with the Vatican Council is the numerical strength of the English-speaking elenierit of its constitution. To none more than to : the -English-speaking prelates themselves has their unexpectedly great 'nuhiber caused such interesting surprise ; collected together, in council, they represent an enormous Csthblic' community; arid reach to' tiie astonishingly large number of nearly one hundred apd fifty. As I have already mentioned, twebty'of these 1 come from Ttelan'd. Another striking feature," and perhaps one of the most gratifying to the people of Ireland, ia the extraordinary prevalence of the'Irish element in this aggregate of. nearly ISO: • Thus from the United States of Amferica the'nnmber of prelates present for the Couiacil is'48,'S.nd thfcse 25 are Irish- 1 either by bnrtb \or''*y decent,. "'iYbm Caiiada the number preifent is io. and 5;bf tftese are Irish by biftfi or parentrfgfe. 'Frod/Halifax^ t^ieeof those ti6w in'Rotae belong WTreland, whilst there are Wo or three "other biihopabere, besides Dr. Brady, 5 BisHop bf Perth, whose dio- Pese>l do not ! Jtnew. " i I>om Australia the five wlio 1 We now' liere- have Celtic "Blood flowing through their veins, and frqm the Cape of Gopd Hope; in th^^soii pf Dr. Grimley, f«liafe an IriShmka: It will thus be seen that of tbev!En^- 'lisli-sfceaking bishops, -neariy 'Tfl fetannai^'-te 'one way : or another, the undying ^atholic apirit ^filhP^Triih' Tiadon; attd Coirttitute in titeiir ^fi- cilof Trent, twenty at that of the Vatican. They we:— His Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop of Dublin - Most Rev. Dr. MTaoRale, Tuatn J Most Rev. Dr. Leahy, Cashel Most ftev. Dr. Oerry, Clonfert Most Rev. Dr. Eelly, Derry Most Rev. Dr. Keane, Cloyne Most Rev. Dr. Moriarty, Kerry • Most Rev. Dr. l>»hy, Dromore - Most Rev. Dr. Gillooly, Elphin Most Rev. Dr. M'Gettigan. Raphpe ; Most Rev. Dr. M'Evilly, Gal way Most Rev. Dr. Furiong, .Ferns . . ; Most Hev. Dr. O'Hes, Ross Mnst Rtfv. Dr. Dorian, Down and Connor MoBt Rev. Dr. Butler, Limerick Most Rev. Dr. Ctwiaty, Eilmore . Most Rev. Dr. Nnlty, Meath Most Rev. Dr. DoonellV, Clogher Most Rev; Dr. Power, Killaloe . MoBt Rev. Dr. M>Cabe, Ardagh The See ot Armagh is vacant, and the rest of the Irish Bishops have been excused from attendance by the Holy Pather for satisfactory reasons. THE opposirrou TO THE COUNCIL. It will be remembered that when the project of summoning an (Ecumenical Council was first announced, it was received by the world with-'a cry of Incredulous disdain. The Pope, it was said, and with truth, was not sure of maintaining his own position in Home from week to week. The revolution had sworn to cast out the Lord's anointed, and its agents have done what they could to fulfil the vow. Yet they have failed. When more than 50f> Bishops, then gathered in Rome, addressed the Pope on the 6th of July, 1867, declaring that they Shared his hopes,, and entreating him to summon a Council ander the auspices of the Immaculate Mother,, their proposal was derided as visionary. Even the sag»r cious De Maistre hsLd said, at the beginning, of this centurv, that in the actual condition of the world an (Ecumenical Council was impossible. But nothing is impossible with God. If tbe world boasts its progress in mechanical inventions, the Church turns them to her oto profit. A few hours now suffice to summon the Bishops from every corner Of the earth, a few weeks to bring them together in one place. The kings of this world look grave, the statesmen sneer, and the rabble gnash their teeth ; but the Council assembles in spite of shem all, because God will have it so. A feeble old man, already despoiled by violence of half bis territory, without a single human ally in whose word he could trust, and at the very moment when the enemy was knocking at his gates to complete the work of destruction, calmlv announced his purpose to assemble the Bishops of the Universal Church in Rome on a given day. The world laughed, hut the day has come, and the Bishops are there. Yet this old man, we admit it once more, is utterly powerless, in the human . sense of power. Any brutal soldier is physically stronger: than he. More than five millious of such soldiers, armed to the teeth, are now watching each other in Europe alone. A word may let them loose, and the word may at any moment be spoken. Yet the Pope acts as if there was nothing to fear, and his confidence is justified. He knows that God is on his side. Therefore the impossible is accomplished. Dixit et facta, sunt. THE CHURCH WHO CREATED WILL CONSERVE THE crvir. OEDER. When will the foolish world learn wisdom ? The Council has met, and now they tell us that it will conspire against modern society. How should the Church conspire against the civil order which she herself founded, or wish to break in pieces the social fabric of which she was tbe sole architect ? She bailt it on the doctrine pf fye Incarnation, and for this reason.it has'survivpd every assault Her office is to retard, not to accelerate, the dissolution, of society. She has saved it a hundred times before, and is going. Jo try to do it again. For society is very sick, arid is everywhere striving to.reconstruct itself after a pagan type, and to banish Him who is its corner stone. , If It could succeed, the world would become simply, uninhabitable. , It is to prevent this return to chaos, that tlje Council is now invoking tbe aid of the Holy Spirit.. If the world were wise it would fall on its knees and pray that the Council may prevail. ; Allocution pronounced ia the Vatican Bwilica at the opening of the Holy (Ecumenical Council by our Most Holy Lord Pope.:Pius,.Jw Divine, Providence the Ninth, on the Eigl>$, dqiy of December, 1869. . , > To the Bishops of the Catholic W-orld in tlie same Council assembled. .-r VENERABLE BBETHBBN, . . , . , , What by all Our vows and prayers, Wp have been continually begging of God, that, namely, We sliould' be enabled'to celebrate with you the {Ecumenical Council which We had summoned; this has by the marked and singular goodness ,<j£ God Himself been granted .to Us, and Alls TJB with the utmost joy.: Wherefore, Our heart exults in the Lord, and is filled with unspeakable'consolation, for that on this most auspicious day .hallowed by the memory'of the Immaculate 'Conception of the "Virgin Mary Mother of God, We again see you before TJs,in greater numbers 'tban. heretofore, present iri this stronghold of the Catholip.Relijgio'ui and We are gladdened by the sjght of you wJip are called to'beara parb«j£ "Onr .solicitude. ' < * You are ;here, "Veperable Brethren, gathered together, in the name of Christ (Matt. xviii. 26) vtiiai' with .TJs you may give testimony to fthje 'WonJ'pf God'an'J the teatiroony of; Jesas Chwt (Apoc. i. 2); and that , with ns .yon /m^y te^Mi all men the, yay of God in truth (Matt.jim. ler the guidance oyhe Hpijp dge'CAcfcx fc- 'kpo^ledjje ialsdy.^ caUecl^ encompass her : and to tell'her towers, and tlto i"set Our hearts in her strength. (Psalm xlvii 13,14.) i:i • • ;f 1 For you see, !Venenble Brethren, with what fury the old 'enemy. <jof> mankind bps attacked, and still continued >to - attack, the. House-of the Lord which holiness; b.eromethi, - To him is 'dud' that dreastrousfconspiracy of the impious sb'/rid^ly spread; which strbng id union, powerTrfl in -ieitmreeB, f&jce;&iround; with ordinances, r, »nd making • liberty la cloiik for malice (i. Pet. ii., 16), oeasfes.not to wage's cruel •war, disgraced by every atrocity, against the Holy Church of Christ. Yoti knhw well the nature of this "war, .its ; flercene«s,,it8 weapons, its successes, and its purposes. You have ever present before yon^ (how those sound doctrines on which rests human'society, In its various ranks, are disordered find obfcoured : how deplorably all the rules'Of right are turned to wrong ; how manifold are the ifoTros employed of falsehood and corruption, while the saving bonds of justice, hononr, and authority - are loosened ; the vilest passions are infinmedjand the Christian faith is uprooted from the souls of men; so that if any schemes and endeavours of the wicked could. : avail for the destruction of the Church of God, we might at this very time fear lier approaching downfall. " But nothing is more powerful than the Church"—they are the words of St. Cbrysostom—" the Church is stronger than heaven itself. ' Heaven and earth shall pass away ; but My words shall Dot pass away.' What words are these ? ' Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My Church, and the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it.'" (Homil. ante Bxil.n.i.) And although the City of the Lord of Hosts, the City of our God, rests on a foundation that shall never be overthrown ; yet when We see, and in our inmost heart grieve, over, so vast an "accumulation of .ills, and the ruin of so many souls, to avert which We wpuld willingly lay down our life; as We exercise on earth the office of the Eternal Pastor, and therefore must needs be more inflamed than others with zeal for the House of God : We deemed ourselves bound to adopt that course which offered most hope of healing the many wounds of the Church. And often turning in Our mind that word of the Prophet Isaias, " Take counsel, gather a council •," and considering that this remedy had often been successfully employed by Our predecessors in the utmost extremity of the Christian Church: after long-continued prayers ; after hearing the counsel of our Venerable Brethren, the Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church, and after learning the desires of many holy Bishops : We have thought right to summon you, Venerable Brethren, •who are the salt of the earth, the guardians and pastors of the flock of the Lord, to . assemble at this See of Peter j and on this day. through the gracious providence of God, Who has removed all that might hinder Our great undertaking, We celebrate with the ancient solemn rites, the opening of our holy Congregation. So various and so abundant is the feeling of love, Venerable Brethren, which we experience at this time, that We are unable to retain it in Our breast. For seeing you, We imagine that we . behold the whole Catholic family, Our own most dear children, gathered around Us. We think of the many pledges of love, ;of the many outbursts of fervent hearts by which, at your sug- , geetion, under j our guidance, and by your example, Our children have shown, and continue to show, such admirable respect and affection for Us and for this Apostolic See ; and full of this thought, We cannot in this most honourable assembly, wherein you are gathered together, refrain from a solemn and public profession of Our great gratitude to them all; and we most earneBtly beBeech God that the trial of their faith, much more precious than gold, may be found unto praise and glory and honour at the appearing of Jesus Christ, (i. Peter, ix. 7). We think . Blso of the wretched fate of so many men, who are led astray and wander far from the way of truth and justice, aDd therefore of true happiness ; and with desire We desire to help and save them, remembering the example of our , Divine Redeemer and Master Jesiis, Who came to seek and to save that which was lost More- , over, our eyes are turned tojthis monument raised to the honour of the Prince of the Apostles in which we stand ; they are turned on this cherished city, which by the loving kindness of God has not been delivered over as a spoil to the , ration8 } they are turned on this Soman people to dear to Us, by whose love, fidelity, and reference We are always surrounded, and We are moved to extol the goodnesB of God Who has been pleased at this BCason more and more to tssure to Us the hbpe of His divine protection. But Our thoughts, Venerable 'Brethren, dwell chiefly upon you, whose care, earnestness, and concord We now perceive to be of so great importance for promoting the glory of God ; We notice the burning, zeal which you have brought to the fulfilment of your task, and in particular that admirable and most close union which exists between all ofyouand Us and this Apostolic n » nm ° D ' 52. tbis BeBBon mt * e e ven than in all Our former afflictions, nothing can be more grateful to Us, nothing more beneficial to theCburch , and We rejoice vehemently in the Lord to see such dispositions in you, that We are forced tocopceive a sure and well-founded hope of most rich and excellent fruits to be obtained from your coming together in this present Council/ Never heretofore, perhaps,'was war Vlfn — nnra ;-> _ _ J . - n»r waged i? ; with more determination and more cunning 'against thte Kingdom of God; and never was •there ibore need of that close union between the Trieste of the Lord and the supreme Shepherd of •ffis flock, which impaits so wonderful strength to the Church ; and, .through the peculiar care •of God, and through your excellent dispositions, tliis. uqion has been maintained without breach • •so that it bak become, and we trait will daily •more and more become, a spectacle to the world, to angels, and to men. Therefore, Venerable Brethren, be strong in ; and in. the natn'e^tif the MoBt Holy .Trinity.besahdtifled >, truth (John; *vji., 19), tut on the .whole annomr of light, aild join WUh f TJ« to teaching the Wafcthe Truth, and ob Li£e,,.fpr wbwh irien, so long Jh.e viciiifoof counties^disprSers, must now need^ ^earn:. join .with Vi >W • securing , a ,.return of .p^acg for ill lur luti -auuju/ vxuunu awcwttuie pcupie. (S. jBern.; i4e Considpnt., iv,'4)..j Go3 is' st&hftibjg; ia,His |tojy pllic^.^He i"s/n the' nfflik bur councils apd in .Our apts"; $[e,,in tb'is efiliirt of ,flis abundant mercy,- hai Chosen.tie t'o hb'His .ministers and fellow-labourers ; and ft behoves Us to bp so devoted,, to this (service that We. now consecrate Opr minds, Our hearts, Our strength to Him alone. . .'.' • \ But conscious of.Ou'rown weakness We distrust Our powers, and Our eyes are raised, Our prayer's are addressed with confidence to Thee, spirit of God. Thou Fount of true Light, and of theWiidom of God, dp Thon pour the illumination of Thy grace into Our minds, that We may see what is right, what is<aalutary, what is tnost excellent: do .Thou rnle, mould, and direct Our hearts, that whatever this Council eball do may have a right beginning, a prosperous coiirBe, and a happy germination. And Thou too, Mother of fair love, of knowledge and holy hope. Thou Queen and bulwark of the Church, do Thou take Our consultations and Our toils under the secure Protection of Thy motherly care ; and by Thy prayers to God gain for Us tbe grace to be ever One in spirit and One in heart. Be' you also with Us, ye Angels and Archangels; and thou, too, Prince of the Apostles, Blessed Peter: and thou, Fellow-Apostle of Peter, Pan J, Doctor of the Gentiles and Preacher of truth in the whole world ; and all ye Saints of Heaven, ye especially whose relics we venerate in this .place ; by your powerful intercession procure for Us that We may all faithfully fulfil Our ministry, and may receive mercy from God in the midst of ;His temple, to Whom be honour and glory for ever and ever. 