THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. Second Day. The proceedings were commenced on Wednes- day morning, October 5. At 10.30 a prayer meeting, largely attended, was held in the Flinders-street Schoolroom,and at 11.30 the retiring chairman, the Rev. J. L. Parsons, after devotional exercises, introduced his successor, the Rev. J. M. Day, of Kapunda, who read the annual address, as follows:— ' The Simplicity that is in Christ.' ' Fathers and Brethren— I accept the office which I hold to-day as a privilege and a duty, aud I esteem the privilege none the less, because tho duty is one from which, for many reasons, I could wish to be free. I will not, however, be guilty of bringing against the Committee an indirect charge of want of wisdom in their selection by protestations of my own unfitness and unwor thiness, but will at once do away with myself by expressing the hope, in which I know you will all join, that the many prayers and joyful anti cipations which have preceded our meetings may be abundantly realized. ' We meet this year under circumstances of great commercial depression. Like an un- broken frost in a long and severe English winter, I fear it has sadly nipped many plans of usefulness, which we hoped would ere this have attained to vigorous growth. But I believe it will not be allowed to interfere with tbe life and pleasure of our meetings. Now, as well as in the time of the Apostle, the abun dance of our joy and our deep poverty may well go together. We can welcome the one as the fit companion of the other. In reference to the past two or three years, we can and do aay— ' ' Let us with a gladsome mind Praise the Lord, for He is kind.' Many of us, too, have special reason to thank God for the difficulties through which we havo passed. We have been driven back from many of the outposts, but only that we might find more perfect safety in the Refuge Himself. We have learnt much of the inexhaustible fullness of Christ, and of the sufficiency of faith in Him, which under other circumstances might have remained unlearnt. In this spirit of deep gratitude, then, let me ask your attention to a few thoughts on ' The simplicity that is in Christ,' and incidentally on the great hin- drances — I may well call them the major hindrances— to the progress of the Gospel which spring from our forgetfulness of and our actual departures from the simplicity that is in Christ. "'There are several points at the outset which I must take for granted. I not only assume that the Gospel can be hindered, but that the greatest hindrances are those which proceed from the Christian. They are the greatest, because they are the very hindrances to which we are apt to be most blind, and because whehn a man's foes are they of his own household he is at a double disadvantage. Of the hindrances which originate with and proceed from the Christian, the greatest are those which are traceable not to defective organization or errors of judgment in matters of detail, but those which arise from the absence of life— in other words, from the absence of the simplicity that is in Christ. Of church organization we have enough, and, I think, to spare. What we want is increased life rather than increased organisa tion. We require, not new doctrine, but the old living teaching received in all simplicity and godly sincerity. 'I take for granted also that we all accept the Bible as God's inspired Book, and that our views on this subject are clear and decided and scriptural. I am sometimes afraid that this is not so entirely the case as it ought to be. I know, of course that there are, and I expect there always will be, differences of judgment in the interpretation of particular passages. But, apart from this, I fancy there has been a growing tendency to yield to a hesitating, apologetic phraseology when speaking on this subject, which has led many to think that the inspiration of the Scriptures is a doubtful and unimportant matter. I am quite sure that where we have yielded in any degree to such a tendency it must be regarded as an evidence of shameful ignorance rather than of superior knowledge. I can only refer to this point briefly, but I do so emphatically, becauso there is now greater need than ever that we should be thoroughly rooted and grounded in the Scrip tures. We might imagine that we hear the Bible say as well as its' Divine Author, ' Them that honour me I will honour.' When we come to it reverently and confidently it repays us a thousandfold ; when we approach it in a doubting, hesitating manner it is slow to reveal to us its priceless treasures. 'Taking so much for granted, I ask has not the Church greatly departed from the simplicity that is in Christ in its answers to the questions — ' What makes a Christian?' What is a Christian' an 'What keeps a Christian?' Has not the departure given rise to many errors and to innumerable hindrances? One of the grandest scenes described in the Acts of the Apostles is that one which occurred at Philippi. The earthquake had aroused the gaoler. Imagining that all the prisoners had escaped, he was about to put an end to his own life. The exclamation of Paul stays his purpose. Calling for a light, he comes in trembling, and, as if made conscious of the awful danger yet impending by the vivid remembrance of the great danger from which he had just escaped, he asks, ' Sir, what must I do to be saved?' In an instant, with the true simplicity that is in Christ, Paul replies, 'Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved;' and seeing by the uncertain light of the candle the trembling wife and servants and children who had gathered around the gaoler, and in their terror were clinging to him, Paul adds, 'and thy house' One answer, one Gospel for all. Is there always a like simplicity with us? While the theories which many hold and even preach were being elaborated and explained to the bewildered enquirer, I am afraid the thief on the Cross would have died with his ignorance un enlightened, and the Ethiopian eunuch would have been compelled to continue his journey with his question unanswered, because of the length of time taken to reply to it. It may seem a bold and rash thing to any, but it is nevertheless true, that many, perhaps most of our theolo gical systems have led to terrible departures from the simplicity that is in Christ, and from this statement I do not except the most orthodox of those systems. It has been well said, ' mere art perverts taste, just as mere theology per verts religion.' TheChristian system is not a. botanical museum, in which there are only specimens ready dried and classified and labelled. It is ralher a living, blooming garden— a very Paradise regained, from which each must pluck living fruits and flowers for hirnself. The venerable Fathers of the Church, who framed the symbols most widely known, doubtless thought that in the phraseology of the Nicene and Athanasian Creeds, for instance, they had devised a form of words that would settle the Christian creed for all time. They might have remembered that new wine requires new bottles. They might have had the foresight to perceive that very much of the time and zeal of the Church of the future would be employed in sewing up the (rer??) and darning nice patches upon these very bottles, which by age and especially by exposure to the sun prosperity and the clear dry atmosphere of religious liberty, had come to be rather leaky, and from which the wine if it was ever there at all had well nigh run out. How many there have been and still are who seem to imagine that the security of the Church and of the Christian (??) in putting the new piece of cloth in the old garment. How much ado there is to take a little of the gloss off the new piece and lo impart a little of the necessary brilliancy to the old in order to make a good match. But the experiment is one in which con- fessedly gives greater scope for ingenuity than utility. In a letter in a recent number of the Freeman, a correspondent, who signs himself 'Enquirer,' quotes from a sermon of Mr. Surgeon's as follows:- 'I never can admit the doctrine of general redemption. I know that apparently to many casual readers it seems to-be taught in the Scriptures that Jesus Christ positively did give His life a ransom for all men, albeit their ransom does not secure their salva tion; but it does seem to me impossible that Christ should ever miss the intentions of His death. It strikes me as an axiom that whatever Christ died for He will have. ... If, then, He died for evrery man, every man must as inevi tably be saved as that Christ died for him. But who are saved? Why, "a multitude that no man can number." Then Christ died for them, and them only. But in a certain sense He died for all that all might be His property, and they are His property." Is this not an ingenious patching of the old garment with the new cloth, and nothing more? Why try to spoil the Gospel by thus seeking to square it with some supposed orthodox metaphysical system of theology! I know of no man whom I love and admire more than Mr. Spurgeon; but when I read such passages as these I am painfully impressed with the wonderful difference that there is between the inspired writings of the Holy Ghost and the uninspired -utterances of any man— even the best of men. Why should there be such a per petual recommendation of the writings of one particular class —of the writers of one generation as though to understand there was well-nigh essential to the right understanding of the Gospel? I have sometimes heard it said it must be right and essential because of the good that has been done by such preaching. To which my simple reply is, post hoc is not necessarily or always propter hoc. Christ is believed in and preached. There is the root of success. I always come from Kapunda to Adelaide by train. I might ride, or drive, or walk, and still come. Christ is the way. If the Christian is in the way, and above all if the Christian preacher preaches Christ as the way, it makes very little difference what is the particular mode of travelling he patronises. I get to Adelaide, not because I travel by rail, but because I come on the right road. ' I hope it will not for one moment be thought— and I feel ashamed that it should be necessary to make such a disclaimer in order to guard against misapprehension— that I am speaking in favour of the sentimental latitidinarianism which is too prevalent in our days. For it I have the most thorough con tempt. I regard it as the worst possible form of hypocrisy, or, at any rate, the most dangerous form of self-deception. I am pleading for simplicity, and for the simplicity that is in Christ. Nor must I be understood as implying that there is no system in the Christianity or in the teachings of the Bible. There is system of the same kind which exists in Nature, and we need to deal with it as the experi mental philosopher does with Nature. Faraday was a true natural philosopher. His knowledge rested upon and was acquired by actual exper- ment. He did, indeed, sometimes indulge in : imaginations of possible results that might be attained. But such were always subordinated to the teaching of actual experiment. There is a class of pseudo -philosophers who have suffered imagination to run away with them, and who are trying to devise experiments to justify their imaginings. It is much the same with many Christians. Better far that we should take the facts and statements of the Bible, trace their hidden power, and shun the imaginings of preconceived systems altogether. To such a method of study Scripture will yield wonderful results, and the beautiful system of revealed truth will unfold itself to the devout believer. The new bottles will be found ready at hand for the new wine. 'Suffer me to refer you to the New Testament by way of illustration of this argument. "How can I be made a Christian."—" Ye must be born again.' ' Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit he cannot enter into the Kingdom of God. That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is Spirit.' What is it to be born again.' — 'Whoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God.' What am I to believe?' "This is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and that life is in His Son.' ' He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself.' What is that witness?'. ' Ye have received the spirit of adoption, whereby ,we cry, Abba, Father.' 'The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirits that we are the children of God.' Without a single word of comment or explanation, can any teaching be more simple or beautiful or sys tematic? Taking this as God's Word to be received and believed, testing it by a simple trust to bring out its power in ourselves, it becomes a positive reality to us. ' Again, what is a Christian?' It is thus the wonderful change is effected. What is the difference it makes .' In other words, what is the man now that he was not before ' He has become one of the sons of God, not simply by adoption, as it is often said, but by actual birth. The spirit of adoption enables him to realise his sonship and God's Fatherhood. But he has become a son by faith in the atonement of the Lord Jesus'. God's works are not fictions, but realities. I must be actually a son before I can say Abba, Father. Many seem to reverse this order, and, so are all their lifetime in bondage. They forget that wonderful saying, ' If any man be in Christ he is a new creature. Old things are passed away; behold all things are become new.' The Christian was a foreigner; he is now a citizen. He was without hope; he is now saved by hope. He was dead; he is now alive. ' He was guilty; he is now justified. He was the sinful child of sinful parents; he is now an heir of God, and joint heir with Jesus Christ. He is this, and more, ' not by works of righteous ness which he has done, but because, ceasing to go about to establish his own righteousness, he has submitted himself to the righteousness of Christ; and his faith in the reality of these hings rests not upon experience, but upon the written word of the living God. ' What is it keeps a Christian? ' This is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith. ' 'The Jews in the Talmud have the saying, 'The whole law was given to Moses at Sinai in 613 precepts. David in the 15th Psalm brings them all within the compass of eleven: Isaiah brings them ... to two — Is. 56; Habakkuk to this one— 'The just shall live by faith.'' Yet so great is. the departure from the simplicity that is in Christ that when you say this we are said to be embracing 'Solifi- dianism which is a word big enough to frighten all ordinary people. In the etymolo- gical meaning of the word I hope we are solifidianis ; and if we take the Scriptures in all simplicity as our guide it can never lead to error. In the Epistles, for instance, I had a constant recognition of the fact that one of the best springs of worthy action is to have worthy thoughts of ourselves.' The writers always speak of what the Christian is and how he is made what he is before they come to questions of detail. Nay, even when sins are to be rebuked, the Christians are first reminded of their high calling. This is the true Solit- dianism. I believe I am justified, sanctified, made meet for Heaven because God tells me so. I believe I ought to put off the works of darkness, to love my neighbour, to provide things honest in the sight of all men. I know I can do so, because it is no longer ' I, but Christ that liveth in me.' I have come to the end of myself. Christ disowns it, and I have to disown it 'and to reckon myself dead unto sin, for 'I through the law am dead to the law that I might live unto God.' Now, if we come to the Bible to know what it taught upon this point, apart from the prejudice of any theological system, could we for a moment see any danger in such teaching.' Nay, more. If, as true experimental Christian philosophers, we put God's Word to the test in these matters— if we believe all that He tells us to believe, we shall find such a wealth of experience, of fatherly love and power, as we had never before dreamed of. It serves little purpose merely to discuss these questions— ' If ye know these things, happy are ye if ye do them.' On the other hand, depart from tho simplicity that is in Christ— think it dangerous to believe yourself justified though a believer — doubt whether 'Christ is made of God unto you sanctification . . . and redemption'— mix up notions of personal struggles to conquer an old nature and make it better with the glorious fact that if believers, ...(?) become united with Christ in the likeness of His death, we shall also in the likeness ol His resurrection— forget Christ's declaration, ' These things have I spoken unto you that in Me ye might have peace'— forget that it is by Christ working in and through the new nature that the Christian is strong to do and to suffer, and it will not be long before worldly expediency takes the place of Christian sim- plicity. Forgetting or refusing to believe that the victory that overcometh the world is our faith, we shall very soon forget that there is any world to overcome. A wheel in rapid motion and a wheel perfectly at rest present just the same appearance to an onlooker. So the ' rest of faith' is ceaseless activity— an activity originating with and kept in exercise by Christ in me, the hope of glory. 'There is a comparison often made by Coleridge and by one of his most loving disciples— the late Archdeacon Hare— which aptty illustrates the point we are now con- sidering. Reason is to faith as the eye to the telescope, and both depend for their efficiency upon the atmosphere and the light. When we see light in God's light; when we look through the pure atmosphere of revelation, there is no danger of faith descending to credulity and superstition, and so becoming the opposite of reason. Christians too often speak as though they were necessarily direct opposites. But the Bible, which bids me glorify God in my body and soul, which are his — which bids me present my body a living sacrifice — does not ask for ignorant and unmeaning superstition, but asks for that faith which is the highest common sense and the noblest and purest reason. ' This part of the subject admits of almost endless expansion. And I am conscious that I can only just indicate the principle which you can each illustrate further for yourselves. See how nobly simple Paul is as inspired by the Holy Ghost. Writing to the Corinthians, he says, ' I am determined to know nothing among you save Jesus Christ and Him crucified.' In that same Epistle he gives a variety of directions as to Church discipline, marriage, the appropriation of a part of our income for the Lord's service, the use of spiritual gifts, and other subjects. The simplicity that is in Christ connects the whole of the Christian's life with it, and His Word—' It is written'— is our unfailing guide. 'Once again, I ask, has there not been a sad departure from the simplicity that is in Christ in our notions of what the Christian Church is, what is its mission, and how that mission is to be accomplished.' ' Shall I be thought guilty of impertinence if I ask my hearers each to say what the Church is, and if I imagine that there are some who cannot? Whether this be so or not, there is a great tendency to regard the visible Church, as it is called, as all important, while the idea of the invisible Church is very often accepted as con- sisting only in a form of words necessary to give completeness to the phraseology used in describing the Church. It is very often only used as the brand (sometimes the forged brand) which shall secure the ecclesiastical product a ready sale. 'Apart from the direct evils that have been introduced into the Church from forgetfuluess of its true character, there is great mischief done in the good which is lost, and in the mis- taken efforts to which it gives rise. 'If this morning we forgot our Congrega tionalism— if we pass from the consideration of the outward expressions of Church life to the consideration of what the Church really is, will not the study reveal a wide departure from the simplicity that is in Christ? In the New Testa ment the word is used in only two senses. It stands for the whole body of believers. 'Christ is the head of the Church, and He is the Saviour of the body.' It stands also for any number of 'Christians united in faith, and gathered in one place for the worship of God and the observance of religious ordinances.' 'Christian simplicity on this subject teaches us, therefore, that the whole Church really is one, and can never be otherwise. A body is one, and can never be divided. Practical union among Christians is to be realized. How? By trying to make ourselves one by sinking minor differences that we may all agree, or, at any rate, not disagree? No, but by each believing that the Church is one. I am the brother of my father's eldest son. And the greatest incen- tive to real concord in the family is the remem brance of this. My brother Christian is my brother. We belong to the same body. He may refuse to acknowledge me or I may refuse to acknowledge him; but the fact of the rela- tionship is unaltered. If we love each other at all we must 'love as brethren.' Because I believe no fact or truth, is taught in Scripture simply to complete a system, but is there rather as a seed to be received into our hearts and bring forth fruit, therefore I believe that the oneness of the Church is not an empty notion, but an importaut fact to be received and believed. ' Evangelical Alliances seem to me to be both the glory and the shame of the Church in the present day. They are the shame of the Church, , inasmuch as a formal declaration of mutual love ought not to be necessary. Just imagine a formal declaration of brotherly love among the sons of one father. They are the glory of the Church, since it is a good thing that our faith in the oneness of the Church has carried us thus far. I am afraid it shows we are weak in the faith; but weak things may become strong. 'There are many really important practical results that flow from the believing reception of this truth. During the Bicentenary Com- , memoration seven or eight years ago there was rather an amusing discussion whether the con- gregation had a right to commemorate the ejection of the two thousand. I heard one well known minister answer the objection by saying that he had a right to commemorate anybody. ' There is a truer right — the right of family relationship. Just as a copy of every book published in England goes to the British Museum, and if it be a Baptist book a copy goes to the Baptist Library, and if a Congregational book to the Congregational library, so every noble deed performed in the Church's history is recorded in the archives of Heaven. It may indeed be specially treasured by one denomination. In some sense it may belong to them, but it belongs much more to the whole Church. In the martyr zeal of Williams, in the apostolic labours of Wesley, in the earnest and successful preaching of Berridge, I read what has been accomplished by members of the same family to which I belong. Their labours belong to and increase the glory of the one Church. If such thoughts are cherished, envy and jealousy can find no place among Christians; and more than this, a noble incen- . tive is given us to earnest labour in the cause of truth. If I am an unfaithful or an unskilful workman, it is not only a disgrace to me and to my denomination, but it tarnishes the glory of the whole Church. 'Christian simplicity in our conceptions of what the Church is would save us from many ludicrous blunders. We should never expect a time when denominationalism, or that of which it is the outward sign, would cease. I don't believe it will cease in Heaven. The Church is made up of those in whose hearts has been planted the living seed of Divine truth. The life and activity of the Church is just the com bination of these individual growths. Plant a dozen seeds of the same kind in the same soil in a row and you will get twelve plants of the same kind, but all so far differing from each other that you can distinguish their unlikeness almost as readily as their likeness. This is just the idea of true denominationalism. Where it is real it is the outward expression of rigorous life. And we might, I suppose, take any one of the different denominations in this colony, and we should find as many denomina- tions within it as there are outside of it. If we did not, I would not give much for the denomination. Yet, if while existing they are merged in the one denomination, so the larger denominations are to the true believer merged in the one Church. We need not wait for the extinction of denominationalism. before we believe in the Holy Catholic Church, or in its synonym, the communion of saints. Believing what the Bible teaches us, we shall be one in practical life as we are in family relationship. 'I have dwelt upon this point because I am certain it is too much overlooked by us, and the result is that our efforts are narrowed and en- feebled. We are what our thoughts are. Thoughts, good or bad, have an irresistible ten- dency to ripen into action. Let our thought of the Church be the New Testament idea of it. Let us think of it as the bride of the Lamb, as the family of the redeemed, as the citizens of the New Jerusalem, and our Church life will be the ripening of this thought. Though in the world, we shall not be of the world. Though marked by external differences, the inward family relationship will always be realized. 'Such is the Church. What is its mission? Carrying in its heart and life and upon its lips the divine and attractive message of redeeming love, it is to draw members to it out of every nation and tongue. Witnessing for Christ, it is to be honoured by God in being the means of bringing many into it. Its faith rests not in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God. It seeks to honour from the world, and just in proportion as it is true to itself and to Christ, it gets none; for even the very praise of men is often more false in its character and more mis- taken in its application than their censure. Its mission is pre-eminently a spiritual one. 'I know we all professedly admit this; yet how much the Church has been encumbered with other work. It has been noted by careful observers that in times when great political revo- lutions are transpiring, and in countries where the people are held in bondage, the demand for public amusements is greater than in those lands where a larger amount of freedom is enjoyed. May we apply the same observation to the Church? Is the notion which seems rapidly gaining ground— that the Church, as the Church, should provide innocent amusement, in order to attract the young and the careless to it, and to keep those who are in it — a sign of in creased knowledge and freedom and prosperity, or the contrary? I think the contrary. Where there is a healthy vigorous life there is always plenty to amuse without making formal provision for it. It is only the sickly, or those who want to drown thought, who need to be pampered with exciting amusement. The true treatment is to restore the health. Even the rules of political economy teach us a wise lesson on this point. Division of labour is a great gain. I doubt not many of our older colonists can tell us that when they have indulged in speculations out of their ordinary line of business they have lost rather than gained. The speculation itself has been a failure, and the legitimate business has had to pay for it. The Church sometimes makes the same blunder. We have enough to occupy us without taking upon us burdens which we cannot bear, and with rushing into speculations which we do not understand. One of our strong points is the simplicity of our mission. A building that has its foundation upon the rock, and is well knit together in all its points, needs no props to support it. The tottering edifice needs to be buttressed on all sides. 'Built uuon the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner-stone,' the Church needs no props of worldly expediency. 'Where they are required it is a sure sign of weakness rather than of strength. Perhaps the more immediately practical question for us just now is— How is this mission to be accomplished? I have somewhat antici pated it, but it deserves further notice. As I have already said of the Christian, so I may say of the Church, ' It is to glorify God in its body and soul, which are His.' All the collective wisdom, all the collective foresight, all the faculties of the Church are to be used, guided always by the wisdom that cometh from above. 'I greatly fear that in carrying out this mission the Church has wandered from the sim plicity that is in Christ. I have not one word to say against combination. But I am afraid we have made the same kind of mistake that is often made in the world— our fathers were content to trade in a careful modest way without much outward show. Now if people want to start a company or to extend its operations they must have a fine building and a mahogany counter, aud the outside very respectable. The necessity for the company should exist if possible. It is desirable to have the requisite capital if you can get it; but the fine building and the mahogany counter are indispensable. How did the Apostolic Fathers of the Church carry on their commerce? They made sure of the necessity — man's need and Christ's commis sion. They had the required capital— a living acquaintance with the living Gospel, and a living Spirit to give it power. They carried these from place to place— to the ruder towns and villages beyond Derbe and Lystra, and to the populous and polished cities of Ephesus, Corinth, Athens, and Rome. As their divine commerce extended churches were formed; a temple not made with hands was always ready by the river side or in some similar spot. The market-place and the synagogue, the public school, and even, when opportunity offered, the court of justice became the consecrated place in which Christ and Him crucified should be preached. In order that, under the peculiar circumstances of the time, the Gospel might bo entirely without charge, the best preacher of one of the bands wrought clay and night that he might, by honest labour, sustain himself and those who were with him. There was no appeal for contributions that he might be supported in his work, no appeal to the Christian public that there was a great work to do and that he was ready to do it, but thatj it would fail if funds were not supplied. ' I know it may be said, as it often is, that times are very much altered now, and that we must keep pace with them. Depend upon it, it will answer every good purpose if we keep pace with the Bible. When I read the perpetual appeals that are now made in the pages of our different religious periodicals (notably of some of those which speak most of faith in the Lord), which tell us that unless so much is forthcoming by such a time the Lord's work will be stopped and Himself dishonoured, one feels ready to ask — * Who authorized you to get the Lord's work in such a mess, and then throw upon him and the Christian public the responsibility of getting out of it?' Surely a ' sanctified common sense' should teach us better. The Christian's work and the Church's work is the true knight-errantry. It calls for sacrifice. It will be full of danger. It will involve hair- breadth escapes. It is ever to be a battle for truth and righteousness against falsehood and iniquity. But it may descend to a Quixotic knight-errantry, a caricature of its original and noble purpose. A person called upon me a few weeks since who had published a hymn-book, partly of his own composing, and who had left his home and employment that he might travel about selling his book and holding services in different places. He asked me if I thought his work and his way of accomplishing it were to be compared with Paul's. I said I thought not. He said it certainly was not walking by sense, and I said I thought not. I am afraid, however, that we used the word with a somewhat different meaning. I don't mean that we should act like this. One grand essential in undertaking any public work for Christ is that we should be well reported of among the brethren. Where that is the case there is very little doubt we shall be called by them to the work. ' Nor, on the other hand, do I moan to speak against neat and commodious chapels, or the payment of liberal salaries to ministers. I am not speaking against the employment of evan- gelists or missionaries by Churches or by private individuals. All I say is, if this manifestly cannot be done, don't do it. Each Christian for himself, and any number of Christians jointly, should be prepared to take any amount of responsibility laid upon them in the provi dence of God, and to make constant sacrifices for God's cause. But in many, perhaps in the majority of instances this is not how the case stands. For all practical purposes of finance the Church is too often an impalpable body, and the actual responsibility and the consequent inconvenience and odium fall upon those who have had no part at all in the arrangement. ' There is an important social aspect of the question which I think should not be lost sight of. Inordinate love of show and excessive and ruinous credit arc two of the greatest evils of our day. The latter especially is a great evil in our colony. As a mere question of wisdom, apart from the oonsidcration of Divine command, should not the Church set its face against it? How can I preach from tho text, 'Owe no man anything,' when I knew the Church is in debt, and in debt perhaps because spiritual church building has been interpreted to mean the erection of grand ecclesiastical edifices? 'There is also an important aspect of the question as regards the Church itself. When it breaks one of God's commandments, it is not only guilty of all, but is very likely to break all. I am satisfied where zeal for outward show and position gains the mastery, there is less seeking for Divine guidances, and more seeking after worldly influence, that appoarances may be kept up. I was much struck with a remark made by a minister in Kapunda at a chapel anniversary a few months since. He said that in a circuit where he formerly was there were 26 anniversaries in the course of one six mouths in the year, and he always observed that during that six months less spiritual pro gress was made in the circuit. Such a state ment would seem incredible if we had not abundant facts to show the constant tendency of chapel anniversaries. In fact, they aro chapel anniversaries and not church anniver saries. The main thing, the principal object of the meeting, as I havo hoard it called, is the collection for the material bricks and mortar, instead of the endeavour to improvo the living stones of tho Temple; and worldly men laughed at it, and no wonder. Stale jokes repeated for the thousandth time; gentlemen (sometimes gentlemen with white neckties, too) pacing the aisles, and by facetious remarks trying to extort money from the unwilling audience; the farce of a collection to which the contributor gives Is. only in order ttat afterwards he may have his name announced for 5s., payable in three months; silly nonsense talked in ; proposing and responding to votes of thanks — these are simply disreputable and disgraceful occurrences in a meeting connected with God's , cause, and held by men who profess to believe those solemn words— 'the fire shall try evory man's work of what sort it is. What wonder that the confession is, such meetings hinder rather than help spiritual progress. For the Church of Christ to resort to such practices is as unwise as if a shopman should conceal all his goods from his customers, and spend the day in singing pretty songs to them. ' The simplicity that is in Christ teaches us surely better than this. Our work is a growth. Above all, it is God's work, and there- fore must be done in God's way. And God's way would give us all needful agents and appliances. In this colony I do think we might stick more entirely to apostolic precedent with advantage. Better far that the minister should combine secular work, as it is called, with his Church work, than that there should be such a constant and painful struggle to support the minister. Better that our Churches should really encourage home-grown talent more than they do. With more sim- : plicity, I believe we should do more in the matter of chapel-building even. I do not mean for one single moment to encourage the lazy or illiberal. But we may accept it as an axiom that God does not require us to do what wo cannot do, or can only accomplish in an unscriptural way; and that what God does require us to do He will enable us to do. We may have the command to go forward perhaps before we know even how the passage through the sea is to be made; but shaping our course by the signposts of the written Word we shall never go wrong. ' If I am asked what are we to do when, as is the case with many Churches, we are in debt, my reply is simple. Relieve Christianity of the present encumbrances of trying to please every body. Then, searching in tho Bible there will be found a noble precedent. A noble servant of God had gathered round him a band of devoted followers. His and their comparative isolation from the world had only endeared them more thoroughly to each other. At last the leader was imprisoned and beheaded, and the disciples came and took up the body and buried it, and went and told Jesus. Go ye, and do likewise. ' Beauty when unadorned is most adorned. The Christian, clothed with the robe of Christ's righteousness, standing complete in Him, receiving the whole Gospel, and believing the whole Gospel, needs no broad phylacteries of party names or of theological shibboleths to distinguish him. To add thus to the simplicity that is in Christ is as vain and foolish as 'to gild refined gold, or paint the lily.' The Church, girt about with the truth, and watehing for her coming Lord, sees tho heaven opened, and hears the Saviour announce Himself as the bright and morning star. Animated by this inspiring vision, the Spirit and the Bride say, 'Come.' Reminded afresh of the noble sim plicity of her mission, the Church turns towards the perishing world, and, bearing with her the water of life, proclaims aloud the free invitation — ' Let him that is athirst come, : and whosoever will let him take the water of life freely.' In this is found her true glory; in this consists her true safety. And while she is waiting for the millennial morn, the only danger she need fear is lest she should be corrupted ' from the simplicity that is in Christ.'' The Rev. S. Mead moved that a vote of thanks be given to the Rev. Mr. Day for the interesting and valuable paper he had read. He did not know how far those who had heard it could endorse all that it contained, but he could conscientiously do so himsalf, and felt great pleasure in moving the motion. He considered that such testimonies given as were given with it were beneficial to them in many ways; there was an honesty about them which was a strong evidence of their truth. Personally he was deeply thankful to Mr. Day for referring to some questions in the way he had done. Mr. J. Darling, M.P., seconded, and bore testimony to the pleasure he had felt in listening to the address. He hoped that Mr. Mead would consent to add to his motion that the paper be printed and circulated. Having given an instance of the ill effects of the loss of simplicity in Christ, he said he was glad to see that Mr. Day had touched on this simple truth as revealed in the New Testament, as he had met with some who, although having light, desired to return to the customs of the dark ages, which he hoped they would never do. The Rev. J. L. Parsons supported, hoping that the address would be published in Truth and Progress, and that some arrangement could be made for printing it for circulation. He bore testimony to its soundness, and considered that it would have a beneficial effect on the Church generally. The motion was supported by the Revs. H. J. Lambert and J. Price, and carried. Tho Rev. S. Mead moved that the address be published separately as well as in Truth and Progress. The Rev. J. Price seconded the motion, which was carried. The Rev. J. L. Parsons then expressed the pleasure he felt at the presence of the Rev. J. Jefferis as representing the Congregational body, and moved a vote of welcome to him. The motion was seconded by the Rev. S. Mead, and carried. The Chaihman then on behalf of the Associa tion welcomed Mr. Jefferis, and expressed his pleasure at seeing him there, extending the right hand of fellowship. The Rev. J. Jefferis acknowledged the vote, and made some appropriate remarks in reference to the Chairman's address. HOLINESS. The Rev. S. Mead suggested that the con sideration of the subject of 'Holiness' should be continued that evening between (5 and 7, as he understood that several were disappointed the previous evening at not having an opportu nity to express their views. This suggestion was adopted, and the meeting closed with singing and prayer. The afternoon meeting was held in the school room at 3 o'clock, and as at the former gathering there was a full attendance. THE ANNUAL REPORT. The Secretary (Rev. J. Price) read the annual report of the Association as follows:— 'Your Committee, in presenting their seventh annual report, think it but right to acknow ledge a very considerable amount of disappoint ment with respect to the actual history of the Association for the year. Advancement and extension have characterized our proceedings in former years; but there has been the comparative absence of these features during the year just closed. We have made but little effort to take up new stations or to establish new Churches. In some places burdens contracted in former years have been felt to be peculiarly heavy; and some anticipations which found expression at our last annual gathering as to increased strength in our staff of efficient workers have been greatly disappointed. These things call for confession before God, and we cannot consider it right to cover up any amount of apathy which interferes with the progress of His cause and kingdom. 'Our thanks are due to the brethren who supply from week to week the stations upon the Association plan. We are not at a loss for help in this direction. We have a number of ready and efficient helpers in conveying the Word of Life to those country places where we have stations for preaching. And it is a matter of thankfulness that satisfaction is frequently expressed respecting the efficiency of the mini strations thus rendered. It was found imprac ticable to continue to supply Redbanks from Adelaide in consequence of the distance, especially after the removal of one friend, whose house formed a convenient medium of commu nication with the district. ' The Association has continued the services of Mr. Parkin as evangelist. In accordance with a request sent to the Committee from Saddleworth and Auburn, Mr. Parkin spent some months of the year in evangelistic work in those places. During the other parts of the year he has been usefully employed in the other places connected with the Association. The labours of Mr. Parkin have been of great service to the denomination. 'The Church at Gawler has been greatly tried during the year, but they are again encou raged. For some months they have been favoured with the ministrations of Mr. Fairey, and the congregations have improved during the time of his visit. We are glad to welcome Mr. Fairey amongst us, and we are thankful that his health is getting re-established. Mr. Fairey brought satisfactory testimonials from Mr. Spurgeon, to whose college he belonged, and from other ministers, and we trust that he may continue to labour amongst us. 'The Church at Torrens Vale is without a pastor, but they continue to meet and to con duct service among themselves. The Church at Moonta has also been for some time without a pastor, but Mr. Renney is at present supplying the pulpit. ' Saddleworth and Auburn present promising fields of labour. At present the Churches there are not very strong, but they have tho foun dation of the work laid, and they seem likely to prosper. There is a goodly number of brethren among them able to preach, and by the occasional visit of a minister from Kapunda, Stockport, and Adelaide, they are able efficiently to keep up their services. At Saddleworth, a new chapel; has been opened during the year. At Auburn, the services are held in the Town Hall. ' Mr. Birks having completed his studies at the College has accepted an invitation from the Church at Magill. Mr. Birks enters upon his labours at Magill and Grassy Flat with encou raging prospects of success. ' The College, though forming no part of the machinery of the Association, has been largely aided by the Association, and the two have worked in unison with each other. A Christian friend contributes £200 a year for three years, on the condition of a like sum being contri buted. By the liberal help of two friends, com bined with other contributions, this require ment has been met for the first year. Mr. Bottrill and Mr. Birks have undergone satis factory examinations at the termination of the session. Ministers of various denominations kindly conducted their examination in the various branches, and give very encouraging reports in each instance. 'The magazine Truth and Progress has been conducted by Revs. H. J. Lambert and J. L. Parsons. A separate report will be presented by the editors. ' There have been some additions made to the library during the year. A good beginning has been made towards forming a denomina tional library, and we shall be glad to receive donations of good and useful books. 'The Book Depot at Mr. Hooper's, though not an undertaking of the Association, has been of great service to the denomination. A large number of books have been put into circulation through this means. The class of books kept at the Depot has been of the character of ' God's Way of Peace,' ' Holiness through Faith,' and ' The Rest of Faith.' These books have been found to supply the increasing demand for works relating to the establishment of Christians in the truth of the Gospel. There is an increasing interest taken in the questions opened in these books. 'There have been new chapels opened during the year at Norwood, Saddleworth, and Tarlee. New schoolrooms have been built at Alberton, and the schoolroom and classrooms in Flinders street have been completed and brought into use. The new chapel at North Adelaide is nearly completed, and is advertised for opening in the beginning of November. ' The half-yearly meeting was held at Alberton on April tho 18th, in accordance with the resolu tion of the last annual meeting. A verbal report was given. The former resolution on education was reaffirmed, and a deputation was appointed to attend the meetings of the Congre gational Union, to express the interest of the Association in the Union; and at the evening meeting an address was given by the Chairman, the Rev. J. L. Parsons, on ' Foregleams of tho Church's Work in the Future.' ' The question has been considered in Com mittee respecting the insurance of the life of ministers, and it was agreed that for the present no definite action can be taken. 'The year has been one of peculiar difficulty in pecuniary matters in country Churches. The causes that have operated in producing strait ness in the Churches have also occasioned a lack in the funds of the Association; so that when help was more needed it was less available. We doubt not that improved seasons will bring an improved income. But we look to the Lord to open the hearts of His people, that they may give upon a more liberal and systematic style to the work of the Lord. Your Committee, in resigning their trust into your hands, also com mit the work with confidence into the hands of Him who is 'the kingdom, the power, and tho glory, for ever and ever. Amen.' The report was unanimously adopted, on tho motion of tho Rev. H. L. Tuck (Stockport), seconded by Mr. T. Barnes. FINANCIAL. The Treasurer (Mr. James Smith) read the financial report, which showed that the receipts had been £378 0s. 9d., and disbursements £357 53\. 8d., but some few liabilities had yet to be met. Tho Rev. J. Price moved the adoption. Seconded by the Rev. J. L. Parsons, and carried. MANAGEMENT. The Rev. J. Price proposed— 'That the following be the Committee and officers:— Treasurer— Mr. James Smith; Secretary— Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B.; Committee— Revs. H. J. Lambert, J. L. Parsons, J. Price, R. Parkin, Messrs. D. Fowler, T. Barnes, J. Whiting, A. S. Neill, J. A. Holden, W. K. Thomas, J. Cumming, G. Shaw, A. Murray, J. White, J. Darling, M.P., F. Hann, E. S. Wigg, and A. Birks.' Seconded by Rev. H. L. Tuck and carried. DENOMINATIONAL LITERATURE. The Rev. J . L. Parson's read the report of the editors of Truth and Progress, the denomina tional organ. The Editors' report said that unusual respon sibility and labour in connection with their own Churches had prevented their giving that amount of time that the serial demanded, yet their efforts had been appreciated. They regretted that more ministers did not con tribute, and urged that the periodical must contain a large proportion of Australian matter by colonial writers. After referring to postal facilities, which had been extended, the report urged that increasing efforts should be made to extend its usefulness and circulation. The Rev. J. Price moved the adoption. The Rev. W. 0. Ashton seconded, remarking that he would like to test the feeling as to returning to the magazine form. The Rev. J. L. Parsons said in that case it would not go post free— a principal reason for the alteration. The Rev. H. J. Lambert said the present form was also less expensive. Carried. Mr. D. Fowler moved a vote of thanks to the Editors, the Revs. J. L. Parsons aud H. J. Lambert, and that they be requested to continue their services. He considered the periodical was very creditable to Editors and publishers. Mr. A. Murray seconded, also expressing satisfaction. The Editors, Revs. J. L. Parsons aud H. J. Lambert, having replied, the Rev. S. Mead moved that the Editors be requested to open up a correspondence with persons in the neighbouring colonies to see whether the magazine could not be placed on a basis so as to meet the requirements of the whole. The Rev. J. Price seconded. After some discussion this motion was withdrawn, and Mr. Wm. Neill moved— 'That the Editors be recommended to communicate with persons in Victoria, New Zealand, Queensland, New South Wales, and Tasmania, with a view to procuring regular intelligence from those colonies and the appointment of agents.' Mr. D. Fowler seconded. Carried. The Rev. J. L. Parsons moved a cordial vote of thanks to Mr. F. Hann, Financial Secretary, for his services, and also to the agents. The proposition, which was seconded by the Rev. H. J. Lambert, was carried. RETIRING OFFICERS. On the motion of Mr. J. A. Holden, seconded by Mr. J. Whiting, thanks were accorded to the retiring Secretaries (Revs. J. M. Day and J. Price) and to the Treasurer. UNION WITH CONGREGATIONALISTS. The Rev. S. Mead gave notice of a motion for discussion at the next annual meeting for the consideration of the question whether a basis of closer union with the Congregational body could be devised, but at the request of several gentle men he deferred giving in the motion till next day. HALF-YEARLY MEETING. The Rev. J. L. Parsons moved that the next meeting be held at Norwood. Mr. W. K. Thomas seconded, and the Rev. H. J. Lambert expressed the gladness his Church would feel in welcoming the delegates there. The Rev. Mr. Mead opposed, as there was no special subject to discuss, and he thought it better to have a good meeting once a year than the trouble of a second, when there was no special object. The Rev. J. Pnce also opposed the motion. The Revs. J. L. Parsons and H. J. Lambert supported, thinking that it was worth while to meet for the sake of hearing the Chairman's address; and the latter mentioned that the Chairman's address and report of the last half yearly meeting at Alberton had been published in the Freeman, and very widely circulated throughout Great Britain and other countries Carried. The meeting then closed. On Wednesday, at 6 p.m., a large number met again in the Schoolroom to further consider the subject of ' Holiness.' The Chairman (Mr. Day) introduced the topic, and Mr. Mead read a letter which lately appeared in the London Freeman, giving the testimony of an English 'Country Pastor,' that the report of the South Australian Association's meetings of last year and a correspondence resulting therefrom had led him to such an enquiry on the subject that he had been brought to the knowledge of a joyful triumph in Christ, to which he had been formerly a stranger, though he had been a Christian for 25 years. Mr. Mead proceeded to give his own testimony, that precisely the same law of faith which leads to justification supplies strength to serve Christ in unconstrained obedience and purity of heart. Mr. Wilton Hack combated the idea that sin is a necessity. Mr. A. Murray called attention to the Apostle's utterance, ' O wretched man that I am,' but various speakers urged that the Apostle immediately adds, 'I thank God through Jesus Christ,' and that the whole argument was to the effect that Christ makes the believer free from the law of sin and death. Mr. S. Summers put questions respecting scriptural statements upon the old and new natures. Mr. J. Neill maintained that the believer in acknowledging and confessing sin always occupied a different position to the unbeliever; and that when the old nature and carnal heart are spoken of the renewed man is never meant. Mr. Price considered it a serious misrepresentation of the views in question to suppose that Christians have been made holy in the sense of a piece of sculpture fashioned, chiselled, perfected, and put on a shelf as being finished off for ever. There is no holiness but in the life which Christ continually supplies, but He does supply the holy life in two senses— first, when the new birth takes place; and secondly, those who rest in Christ find the faithfulness of that promise, ' I can do all things through Christ strengthen ing me.' Messrs. Farrow, Aston, Birks, Fowler, Ashton, and others also took part in the dis cussion. COMMUNION SERVICE. Afterwards between 300 and 350 observed the Lord's Supper in the chapel. Mr. Badger pre sided, and Mr. Mead engaged in prayer. This morning, at 10.30, a prayer meeting will be held, and the reading of letters from the Churches will follow. In the evening the annual public meeting will take place, and an address will be given by the Rev. S. Mead, in eference to Mr. J. N. Birks entering upon the work of the ministry. 