WHAT HAS THE CHURCH DONE? We are often asked what — after all that is said about the importance of religious education, after all the efforts - to raise churches, to obtain and support ministers, to urge on society the duty of attending ordinances, after all the millions of sermons that are preached every year — after all this, what has the Church done for society? The Church can boast of her princely bishops, her ubiquitous places of worship, her ministers filling every position — from the cloistered student to the accomplished traveller, from the learned professor to the reader in the squalid alley, or the Irish bog — of her votaries, who form the largest portion of society in every rank and class — and yet, the song of the drunkard and the wail of his victims resound through our streets, poverty and destitution stand face to face with our wealth and luxury as in hideous mockery of their pride, and the cry (if it does reach the ears of man) has assuredly entered into the ears of the Lord of Sabaoth. Our gaols are filled with criminals, our gallows seldom rest long from their ghastly work, and yet neither the publicity of the streets of our great cities, nor the solitude of our mountain wastes, afford security to the passing stranger. Behind, a more terrible scene appeal's. The sex appointed to be man's comforter on earth, his companion and guide to heaven, exhibits its tens of thousands blasted for time and for eternity — the destroyed and the de stroyers of mankind; and, more fearful still, the pai'takers of their guilt walk uncondeinned abroad, and taint the at mosphere of our purest households. Well, then, may it be asked, What has the Church done % Has she stopped the evil 1 Has she provided a remedy 1 Before we attempt to look into these questions, we must define what we here mean by the Church. In the large sense in which the question is commonly asked, and in which it ought to be answered, we mean that body of persons, however unworthy, or divided among themselves, who acknowledge the Scripture as their sole guide; of course excluding on the one hand those who claim for tradition or for the Church herself, or on the other those who claim for thefr own reason or inner consciousness, an authority paramount, or equal, to that of the written Word. We proceed; then, to inquire, What has this body done for the world? First, then, we must remember that to the Church has never been committed 'the power of conversion. 'No man can say that Jesus is the Ciiuist but by the Holy Ghost/' and God bestows His gifts severally 'as Re will.' He acts 'according to the eternal purpose which He hath purposed in Himself.' Whenever therefore the Church, or any section or individual within her pale, has set her forward as the converter of the world, it has simply made an unauthorised claim, and justly seen its claim turned to its reproach. The Church is indeed spoken of as 'the light of the world' (Matt. v. 14), but it is only as giving a reflected light, for Christ has Himself said, ' I am the light of the world' (John viii. 12). As the moon gives her light when the sun is withdrawn, so the Church sheds her light upon all within her reach, on whom the beams of the sun of righteousness do not shine. She is emphatically the I light of ' the loorld.' To the Church it is said, 'All thy ' children shall be taught of God,' and each individual of her children ' Hath the witness in himself.' It is to the world the Church witnesses. Is it, then, the Church's mission to convert the world 1 We answer distinctly, Kb. It is her mission to proclaim the gospel message, and to show forth in her life the power of that message. Her master has promised that the Word He sends forth ' shall not return void, but shall accomplish that which He pleases.' What that may be, it is not her business to inquire. If, then, we are told, that the Church has not converted the world, we ask, When has she undertaken to do so 1 No doubt some enthusiasts have most unadvisedly declared their power to do so; but where in the Book that contains all her directions, confers all her privileges, is there any hint that she shall accomplish this work 1 And, if she is not autho rised to do it, if she has not undertaken to do it, how can she be said to have failed in her mission because she has not done it 1 Bxit though it is not the Church's mission to convert the world, it certainly is her mission to do good in every way in her power, to benefit man as far as in her lies — physically, intellectually, morally; and to the question, Has she done ? this 1 we answer, boldly and deliberately, She has. In sup port of this position, we do not point to the ceaseless benevo lence of her clergy, or to laymen like Lord Shaftesbcjry, or women like Miss Nightingale; to the large debt that science in her various departments owes to the labours of devoted members of the Church, whether in the ministry or not ; or to the moral purity which sanctifies so many lives and blesses so many households. We would rather point to the lands where the Church, such as we have described her, possesses a fair influence, and compare them with the lands xmder the influence of Infidelity, Popery, Mohammed ism, or Heathenism. It may be that Mr. Mill, in Eng land, for ought we know to the contrary, is engaged in building hospitals, as we know Voltaire in France exerted himself to deliver a Protestant family from the most feaiful persecution; it may be that there is as much depravity in Christian London, as in infidel Paris, or idolatrous Rome; but we do assert, without fear of rational contradiction, that the whole tone of society in the lands called Protestant, in lands where the Church as we have defined it holds influence, is benevolent, and intellectual, and pure, in comparison with that in lands where the Church's influence is unfelt, or her voice unheard. True, there are amiable men everywhere, intellectual men everywhere, fools and villains everywhere ; but where is it that the wise and good, man is the exception, gazed on and praised perhaps, and defeated ? and where is it that the villain and the fool form the exception, despised and shrunk from 1 . In the one case the higher and better feelings are paralysed by surrounding hindrances; in the other, the worst propensities of tlie wicked are shamed, and all their better feelings stimulated, by the example and pre cept of those whose doctrines perhaps they despise and ridicule. We cannot now pursue this subject further, but we do not hesitate to affirm, that all our philanthropic works, with the tendency to turn scientific discovery into practically j useful channels, most of our intellectual progress, and all j our efforts to freo ourselves from immorality and impurity, owe their origin directly or indirectly to the influence of the I Church, and that even those avIio revile the Church because I she has not done more for the purification of society, would | never have thought of the subject but for her example and I precept. Like her emblem the inoon, she gives the light E whereby we see her spots. ?? ? I 