MONDAY MORNING, APRIL 4, 1870. Now that a contested election for the South-Western Province has been com pleted, and that there is a possibility of a general election at no very distant date, it will not be out of place to' cast a ■ glance at the manner in which. elections generally are conducted. It will not be denied by those who interest themselves actively in these ;matters, and especially by the candidates themselves, - that the system which prevails is far from satis factory, while it operates in many cases with an almost ruinou3 extravagance. In England, as we have learned from the late examinations on election- petitions, in spite of all that Parliament has'done to lessen the cost, remove all apparent means of biassing the election by expen sive displays in' processions, banners, anisic^ &c.;, and in • protecting the voter< as far as possible agnnst the cor rupter, abuses are still rampant ; and, that : if they are :less seen they are -not less active, and their consequences are the same- to, the, consciences of the bribed and the pocket of the presumed to-be-innocent candidate, as they were thirty years ago. If electionsare no longer the occasion of such scenes as the vigorous and grotesque .pencil of Hogaeth drew, they have: led to the appearauce of those "men of ;"the moon," ": and other . ; mys terious i persons, who move about ghost like,''and somehow exert a wonderful' •influence over the minds of the free and .independent owners of the1 franchise. . Here,' Parliament has been scarcely less auxions to secure the purity of the politi cal air at election times, ..and, to .protect the voter from those disinterested persons who are' so anxious to give him good advice as to how to vote ou such occa sions. The ballot was at first regarded as having infallibly secured the inde pendence of the voter. It was never much needed, because a landlord ' or a master cannot command votei"as owners of the soil "and employers of labour do in England. Its '.efficacy, moreover," is,not now'so universally believed in as it was at first, for experience has gone to show that it ;has materially assisted unscrupulous voters, and 'has occasioned an amount of perjury which it would be difficult , to estimate.' The"abolition of open""hofhi nations, in the old English style —of the hustings, with its * speech-making^ its rioting, its rotten eggs, and its dead cats —was another step towards the same end; and a , third greater blow' was intended to be given to the old system through -the last Electoral Act, in the limit which it places on-the expenditure, of a candidate, aud the power which it gives him to decline' to make payments of a certain class, usually gone into, and, indeed, to some extent, unavoidable in such cases. i But in spite of all these efforts, an elec tion ti me is s till regarded as one of carnival,: especially by . a certain class of persons who suddenly emerge into light, throw themselves,upon, the skirts of ,the candi dates,"'bore them 1 with offers 'of ser-' vices which the victims, have not the courage to resist, waste unlimited-quan-: tides of rum and. tobacco "in the vain effort to influence voters to whom their nauseous attentions are often or always a downright insult; and who disappear again when the contest is over, and their expenses paid, to be heard of no more again in the walks of other men until another similar occasion arises . for their resurrection. "Without presuming to pry into the mysteries. of the late elec tion, we may safely set it-down as a rough guess that the contest cost.each' of the two candidates, from £700Jo.^SOO,. This is a large sum. It averages about 15s per head for every man who voted for. the successful candidate,-and 20s per. head for every vote recorded fpr him;who was defeated. ; . Some of this expenditure, .perhaps, was not to be avoided. . The district is a large one. It has some forty or forty-two polling-places, and the necessary arrangements must be made for the due scrutiny of the voting papers presented at each of them, although in some of the cases , this amount of preparation seems almost a mockery. , At the Whim Holes, for ex ample, only one vote was polled for each candidate, and at others the numbers were very small indeed. That there should be a central committee, and one or two local committees in the more important places, to carry on the busi ness of the election, will not be dis puted ; but that there should be committee-houses, and committees to "promote the interest" of the par ticular candidate they favour in every polling- place—where these com mittees embrace perhaps the whole of the resident electors, or all of them at least who are likely to vote—is a mockery. Nor should a candidate in a wide and scattered district be expected to visit every hamlet, and repeat for the pleasure of the resident electors— —it cannot be for their instruction—his views on any andevery local point of gene ral or politics that comes to the surface, it should be sufficient that a candidate hat one or more speeches delivered in_ he more populous places of the district Save been reported at length, and so placed before: the electors! Then, when the day of/polling comes, why should the eandida' c be expected to fiud means of conveyance for the electors to their respective places of voting? They do not, or ■ at least ought not, to give their votes as amatter of personal favours, or by way of compliment to a candidate— at his own expense. The positioiuthe latter aspires to'is not a paid office, 'and* it cannot be. remunerative in any--other way to any man of high principle. The electors have a duty to perform - to their country, even more than to themselves,' and should willingly bear their share of the costs of the election—to the extent, at least, of their, own personal expenses. vThis is "the! feeling which ' should' prevail in elections": That it exists," and shows itself'at'tithes, was', proved at the last' election for ftipon and Hampden, when Mr • I'oi'GMORE was returned, through the personal-exertions of his friends, against an able opponent, at an ' expense to the candidate that, was covered .,by- r a ,. ten-pound note. We should like to see all elections carried on in the same spirited and independent manner. Men who value the franchise will not sell their votes, and should not permit a candidate to pay for services which it. is in .their power to ren der, and which they, should render to him whom, in a "j contested elec tion, they may think would be the most desirable member—not'merely as a matter of friendship,-but' of "duty to the country.. Nor should electors permit .themselves to be; waited upon, argued with, and cajoled or tempted by paid or" unpaid, agents of- the candidates— especially by that loafing fry of them who'appear and disappear, just as mos quitoes do, with the appearance or dis appearance of the light. When a candi date has made his statement, it is for tli6 electors, to weigh his opinions care fully, aud_ resolve for themselves the question of his desirability as a represen tative. Once having made up their minds as to which of those who may have presented themselves in. the field they would prefer, they should resist all importunities, avoid even the appear ance of indicating how they will vote by riding in special conveyances to the polling-place, and there, in the ballot-box, place their, voting-paper with the: self consciousness; that they have voted independently, as the good of the country seemed to require, and withont having broken an implied promise or a pledge. If elections could be conducted ou high ground such as this it would be all the better for the country, and a de sirable class of men would probably pre sent themselves for election to whom personal canvassing ; and hired agencies would be utterly distasteful, and whose ambitious dreams as to. Parliamentary usefulness would be utterly, extinguished by the prospect of a contested election— worked as such elections -are now. 