WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS. Last evening the annual public meeting in connection with these missions, was held at the Wesleyan Centenary Church, Melville-street, at o'clock. After the singing of a hymn, road by the Rev. Hans Mack, and prayer offered by the Rev. Mr. Hutchison, the chair was taken by Mr. W. Waterhouse who said, as the son of a missionary, and the brother of missionaries, he fell it an honour and a privilege to take his place at that meeting. The report, which was read by the Rev. Hans Mack, stated that these unions were carried on under the auspices of the Australasian Wesleyan Conference. The contributions raised in the colonial churches and the mission stations for the past year, amounted to 200 6s. 2d., and the expenditure to £13,500 2s. 2d., leaving deficiency of £3705 has., to be paid by the Missionary Committee in London. They were thankful the deficiency was not larger, especially as the income was £300 less than that of the previous year. The report adverted to the various spheres of labor inconnection with the society, commencing with the Chinese mission in Victoria. At the Con face of 1868, the Rev. J. Uaiuwcu was appointed to Hint mission, but it was deemed advisable that he should spend a year in China, to become acquainted with the people and the language. Mr. Caldwell arrived at Canton in June last, but unfortunately was drowned while bathing. The Rev. Mr. Keen had taken charge of the mission, and the last information was he but baptixodfourCliincso converts, and that a Joss HW had been turned into a House of Prayer. In reference to New Zealand, the Committee did not but feel deep humiliation and sorrow it the events which had taken place in that country, a feeling in which all good men would sympathize. The reports from the Friendly Islands were satisfactory and encouraging, and iMed evidence of the Divine approval of the world, and that Bible religion had a hold of the apple in those islands. At the annual meetings for three circuits, £1100 had been raised and inaddition,contributions of called beetroot seed which would probably realize £1200, making t Mil of £2300 from that district for the past year, The local quarrels in Samoa had greatly impeded the work of the missions, and prevented, that success which was desired. Peace had, however, been restored, but there Hassall's low state of religion among the people, notwithstanding which the amount raised even in those troublous times would compare favorably with contributions from other parts of the missionary field. The general summary of stations gave the number of chapels, as 725 ; other preaching places, 410 ; missionaries and assistant missionaries, 123 ; catechists, 813 ; kil preachers, 1497 ; cliisslouders, 3038 ; church. members, 27,207 on trial for church membership, 0705, &e.;, Ac The committee in London [ was anxious that the Australasian Churches should adopt a plan for the gradual decrease of the annual draft for the difference, and take on themselves the entire cost of those missions. As to local contributions, the amount from the Hobart Town circuit before it was divided, was, including collections, special subscriptions, juvenile offerings, &c;, at the different sub districts £171 5s. 3d., and it was hoped that the contributions for the present year will be in advance of that amount. The adoption of the report was moved by the Rev. J. Graham, who spoke of the cause of mis- ions as having the Lord Jesus Christ for its author, and the salvation of man for its great and glorious end ; he alluded to the commission given to the disciples, and the circumstance that to last command was to Go into all the world and preach the Gospel, and the last impression left on their minds was that they were to be missionaries, and that they were to receive the Holy Ghost as the great Moving Power of the agencies n the Church. Mr. Graham also spoke of the op millionth cause had met with, and which had pnlytcndedtqjtsiijcreasenndconsolidation. After seeming to the prospect of the missionary enterprise he urged the keeping of the machinery in working order, so that the glorious results toy looked for might be achieved. (Applause ). The Rev. Jas. Hutchison, who was received with cheers, seconded the report'. He said he thought iiofoonsorpienco that they should try, if they could, to got hold of an adequate notion of the real magnitude of the great work with which they were identified. As his young friend the mover had made no reference to the report (a laugh) it might aid them if they noticed the fact that the document read by Mr. Mack was a mere abstract of the larger report by the Central Committee in Sydney and the Sydney report exhibited but a small proportion of the work actually done by the great and glorious view of which the Association was but a mere cheat, and he might go a stop further and say that such a bulky and remarkable volume as that issued by the parent society dealt with only one of Um many sections of the great field of miss Mary toil, and exhibited only it small proportion of the aggregate of fruit gathered in by, the "nous mù|aiorçary societies of the chu roll, Applause.) But were it possible to have a comprehensive view of the combined effects of all to societies in Christendom during the last twelve months, over such a report could not be and not in its own light exclusively ;' for ho Dwight they ought to accustom themselves to Mut the annual reports as smoothing more Ita isolated records of a year's proceedings ; Hw reports should be regarded as only small parts of a great whole He (Mr. Hutchinson) 'asked on the report as in chapter, ii very small one, no doubt, but a real, veritable chapter of a grand history, of history which was i'iMiuploto, much of the material for which had J'i't to be made, many of its grandest facts yet 1) he evolved from the progress of events. The history of modern missions so far, was only a sweetheart;; but a noble fragment, exhibiting the Ijwor, beauty, and purity of our religion. Lot runs look at the immense expenditure involved w missions not merely of wealth, but of voluntary toil, roaming, eloquence, health, comfort, liberty, and of life. Surely such a work must ' MVP simple principles, and some solid basis of stories to its future stiQooss ; mud. these it had most assuredly. What object more, sublime Ojuhl be set before the mind of man than the effect of missions, namely the conversion of the whole world to the faith of Christ, for that was a real object ! It sought to elevate the world, the Immun family and the work of missions assailant be completed until that object was spirited, and all wuVo brought to know and love First 6 and it involved the removal of every form T oval, The rev, cattleman mwo in illustration was communicated by a friend in Vavou, Finally Islands, of a native missionary who 'NW Mod in the full assurance of Faith, and using the actual words of Paul, "I am ready V be offered, and the time of my departure I w limit. I have fought, your The miss glossary enterprise had found that man a cannibal, and a degraded debater, but he had "grown to be an honor to Cliwtiiuiity, and to be useful to his fellow man. The number of good and intelligent men that had been associated in the work was an argument in its favour, and it had proved a successful experi- ment. There were no greater difficulties now in opposition to missions than there had been in the past, and which had been overcome, and what the gospel had done the gospel could do again. (Applause.) After a lengthened reference to the Divine promise of success, and the facts in connection with the introduction and development of missions in America the number of ordained missionaries, paidtvgonts, church members, and young people under instruction in connection with the Missionary Society of the Wesleyan Church, the rev. gentleman urged the importance of the cause, and the obligation to help it onward, and resumed his seat amid applause. The Rev. J. Storie was next called upon, and in forcible terms spoke of the operations in India of the missionaries in connection with the Church of Scotland and the Free Church, where there were three thousand or four thousand young Indian gentlemen under training. He also spoke of the work in China, Madagascar, and Africa. He said God had given his church a broad commission to go into all lands." Some held the opinion that the heathen ought to be civilised before Christian ministers could successfully preach to them the gospel, but he thought differently and held that wherever God sent them, there victories were to be gained. The rev. gentleman then alluded to the missionary enterprise in the Melanesian, Fijian, New Hebrides, and South Sea Islands, andconcludedbymovingtho following motion : "That this meeting acknowledge with gratitude, the amount of blessing that has prospered this Society during the past year." The Tie v.' Mr. Bird, of New Norfolk seconded, and in doing so, said, that although he' had not himself been a missionary, save to civilized heathen in the sister colonies, he thoroughly sympathised with, and prayed for the success of missionary enterprise. The Rev. Mr. Long proposed that the " thanks of this meeting be presented to the local committee and collectors to the cause of Foreign Missions, and that they be re-elected to their rospective offices for the ensuing year." The Rev. Mr. Tuck seconded and took the opportunity of reminding those present that collecting books and boxes were obtainable from the Mission Committee, and urged upon them the importance of their co-operation. He then proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman. Mr. Waterhouse having acknowledged the vote', which was passed unanimously, the benediction was pronounced by the Rev. Mr. Mack, and the audience dispersed. 