IN THIE BARBER'S: SHOP. * By FIGARO. '"II have gathered a nosegay of flowers, anrd there is nothing' of my own but tlhe string that ties them." MoNTAION . " FEEL disposed to grumble.. All the r wbrld, and..his wife-of Mlelbourne .?t least-havd been out taking their pleasure duiing.,the ?eek, but. I have had toiwork just as ustual. What between aoyalty ahd horsiness. there, has been precious little busi ness done. .+ People complain that ..timrs never were:, so ibad," "'there's no mondy afloat," &c.;, &c.;,.and yet, by 'hook or by crook, .they have been able.to find money galore to enjoy. themrselves either at the Horse Exposi tion, the .Races, or, .in some.. way or othdr, on .the Prince's Birthday. I do not be grudge them ,their.. holiday.-it is not t:th?'t p~hich makds .me disposed:to grumble. They are. .welcomb. to enjoy themselves as often and .as ,'mich as: they like, even i.whilst my poor'.nose is, kept to. the grindstonb; but I am alnnoyed because during all their fiestivities tlhe'y have ,doee,nothing tidicilo.s or sensatiosal, -whereby I: might-,-get tlhe material for funny or indignant paragraphs. Neither .will Parliament 'help me. It has been ostensibly sitting .now ifor a foi:tnight, and: althou~htl it: has: done' next to nithing, its members have, sedulously refrained froin making assies' of themselves.. If, therefore. yoin .get still hock :this:week izstead lof sparkling, :you muist. blaime' circumhtaneds, not me. I! do not.pretend to invention.; rll :i aim at).is .to, .present.;either.,:the. .grb tesque or. the sensational side of events,; n~t to make. the: events themselves... I. try' fo shoot folly as ..it flys; .:but if it.won't:fly,' I can't shoot it., My yfragment basket,is nbt empty, by any means-only,. the charac tr of.its contents. is less tempting than usuil. Such, however, as .they are, let me sprerd them out. fbr your delectation. . : ; I have said I did not make holiday-there fore, I did not go to: the races. For this I ain not sorry. :' To tell the truth. Lam not at nll a horsey mian. I admire the noble animrl, and I can tell his head from his tail, which is more that some betting men can do'; bht there 'is so 'much fraud, :and chicanery, arid trickery, and much more that is-evil, and he little that ib good., connected with the sport, that even i' I.: had 'the time an'd the 'oppor tunity,.I do not think I should give thecourse the sanction of my presence, So if you wigh to know about the'races, you'llhave to.seek your information, in 'some'other quarter. I do not much 'care about saying ?. thing 'as to the:tendency of "Formosa " which 'certainly affords. an opportunity hf getting up.some virtuous indignation. .It pay~s.; and that is now-a-days the great test of success with most theatrical manager$. Its author defends it on that ground,' and on the additional one that there are other dramas and operas the heroines of which.are of t:e 'Formosa class. He seems to forget .that 'two. blacks will not make one white, and tio overlook that in other productions of this class than his own the wickedness of.? tle heroines is not rewarded as .is Formosa'B. If that harlot had been depicted as sufferin$ on earth some punishment for her vicious life, instead of abandoning her evil coursdis: to enter the holy state, of matrimony und ,r conditions which, if she had not been 4 wanton, she.could never have hoped to enjoC, is an example so bad to seact before youn' females that the sophistry of fifty thousanU Boucicaults could never soften it to any ode whose moral perceptions are not blunte(. Such a play as this will do more to damh the stage than 'would the preaching ofall the clergy in Victoria. It may fill the housh for a time, but then so would many oth'r exhibitions which I could name, buta whicz even. unscrupulous managers like those .df the English Drury-lane and our Royal hi~le not the hardibood yet to produce? I moiih wonder that any respectable actress can be found to assume such a pat. '.Tl'he, Duike of Edinburgh has gone up a notch or two in my good opinion by refusing to attend the theatre in constquence of the immoral ten deacy of this piece.' iHerein he"has shows imhoire.'isdom than his-eldei'irothIr.' "But from all I' can learn, the latterijust' now stands very low in the good opinion of the English preple. Ido not assume, because the Dtlke refused to cast the Royal sanction over Formosa,.that he is thereifore a purist; but still,. holding the peculiar pohition he 'does,. it. was a compliment paid to Virtue and a Ipublic flouting of Vice which I.should :.ot have been greatly surprised had he not administered. :1 therefore,. for 6nb,.thank him tdr this homage,. . I Trhe loyalty of'somer of our cits: was un equal tosthe test.. When it'cameto a choice ':between keeping up the Prince of. Wales's birthday as. per custom, or. going. t6b see the sup uice, the Prince:wentvto' the wall. The * eonse?nence. was,.that" Wednesday last was '.anything but- a-universal. holiday--such.as we see on the- Queen's. 'birthday o.r on :Christmas Day'or. Good Friday. 'I do not regrel this, as I think that,. with the excep tion of the reigning monarch, we are notre quired thus to:blaze abroad our de'votion to the Rbyal. family. They do not even do this much at home.. Dr. Bromby is, I see,to the fore, again. lHe is:not the man to be dismayed by such eoemees as have risen up-not agdinst him, but' ~ ainst his views of what becomes of us after heath.. He purposes• replying to them in a'lecture to be delivered in the Melbourne STown-hall on Tuesday evening.;: aind-I' ven Sture to express- the opinion beforehand, that "though he may not succeed in proving him self iltogether right,, he will shok.them to be nearly altogether wrong. As a rule, neither you nor IP are interested in Melbourne civic contests;' but the two Sthat came off'et the end of last' week-claim Sattention beyond. the city boundaries. La trobe and: nSaiith Wards werde the only ones in which there. were contests, End iii both' the st'rdiggle turned'oin the 'cuttiug in two by a roadway of Garlto.n-gardens' in particu~lar, and the dismemberment or- otherwise of our public reserves in .general.' Ih each ward "the Vandal candidate,I inuch rejoice to say, was beaten-and by large majorities, too. SThis' is encouraging: It shows: that even in the ward!which would be most benefited by the' runnihg a' road through those gar Sdens:there, is a' majrity, of the citizens pro ' paredto make' some sacrifice of con venience, anrd'perhaps.of possible profit, fur the sake of a general' good. ' After all, selfishness is ndt so widely. spread as I have been some times inclined to think. In Latrobe Ward, :Mr.' A.'K. Smith, who :had been something like'the deus' ex macltina, in getting this road gazetted,.thohgh, he had represented th'eward in the Council for,; I:thik,' five years,; got his conge, at the hands of.Mr. Ham-a thoroughly untried man, and one "whom,.under ordiary circumstances, F' can not think would have had a ghost of a chance against- the: garden-spoiling, machine-broken metal-patronizing engineer.. Yet he headed him'by over 1'50 votes, and that' despite the M:rny resolutions passed at preliminary meet ings : as to .K. "'being a fit and proper peison," &c..; But the ratepayers thought Mr. Ham a fitter; and so do I: "The cat has been at ivork' agaii in the Melbourne Gaol. Thlis time,. it. gives me pleasure to record, with some outward signs of being felt: It is still''wielded by th'e too merciful Bamford;. but whether he was in better coridition than usual, or' not quite so svympathetic, or his' patient was "softer"'than those formerly operated on I can't: say; but certain it is, that John Morrison at the third lash roared 'outmost hlistily for'mercy,,at the seventh hIe declared he was killed, at the' end of the first moietjr he asserted'that it wcas' most' fearful, at the commencement of the second "he assured the doctor he couldnit stnd it--hle should' di, and at the end said. i, t was a shame to beat a man in that fashion. As: he has. two similar doses'to get within 't'!e,.year .and then to finish his sentence of 'it?un, 'vents' penal servitude, I have some hope that efar,, it not morality, will restraini him friom any' repe.tition of' trte beastly 'crime for • hich he lhas thus suffered. Referrning to what Iwriote last week"'about a-l.~?t~eligious peopled whb had bee?i strivihg to obtaiin state-aid, I wish to mention that the Baptisc Association has repudiated the action of any such connected with. thatbody, by passing and getting published-the follow ing resolution :---" That inasmuch- as this committee has heard that a movein'ent is afoot on: the part of some members of our body for making application fbr.the money voted. by, the State: for religious purposes, we hereby declare our disapproval-of such a movement; and we earnestly hope that none of our churches will participate therein." Is, it possible. to say anything too harsh of a man whose meanness gave occasion for this paragraph,.which I-take from the Castle Inaiie Rpresentative i." A cask,.described in the manifest as hitrdware, was brought up by a goods traini last-week. The station master's suspicions- were excited by the ap pearance of the cask, and the consignee,, a tradesman at' CGhewton, was requested to come and-open .it.- He- declined to do so, and the stationmaster then opened it him self, wheni it was found, to contain. 1001b. of gunpowder, which, had been sent in this way merely to avoid the extra payment for carriage of gunpowder." I- trust- the au thorities, to whom the stationmaster tele graphed for instructions, will mul~t this avaricious Soul in a swingeing heavy penalty, as his pocket would seem, by his action, to be his-most tender place. -I- would also -ad vise them to publish his-name in every news paper in the colony. Peoplk. who put others' lives in-jieopardy through careless ness are highly, culpable, and far too nu merous to make it- bearable that we. should run farther danger from.the wilful taches of this too-economicaltradesmen. The City Council -have "caived in," public opinion having been too strong for them. At the quarterly. meeting on Wednesday, those prisent,.with a single exception, voted for. rescinding the resolution- reserving a portion of . the we'tern gallery on all occasions for the use of the councillors; their wives, &c.;, &c..; Let me immortalise ".the noble army of one " who obstinately stood out against.-this, wise re solve-it was Councillor AN.DERSO'!:. But who, after this victory, will- assert that the Press is powerless f" I acknowledge--with thanks the receipt of 10s., in two sums:of- 5hs.each, as contribu tions towards- the- fund- being raised for'the widow of the late Edwin Smith. The generous donors will please accept this acknowledgement. A young lady wishing to entangle a young man in- the meshes of Cupid; sent him the following invitation : " Oh, will yon come to tea with I, And- help me eat a custard pie ??' Tobwhich the young man, with cotrespond- ing. sentiments, and gram mar, replied: " ~Anotller one'td asked me to tea,. And I must go and visi -she." From. the "Weekly Abstract of- Births-and D)eaths" published in the Government Gazette we extract thle following, as relating to the.districts in which the Tdlegraph 'r"rculates for the week ending 29th October, 1870. District. Deputy Registrar. Births. Deaths. lbighton-... S. P. Srmmonds 6' - 3' Prahran .., A, F:'Wlite .. 10 -2 S. Yarra... E, B. Taylor ... . 2. 0 St. Kilda...lF. T. Van HIemert 3 : 2 