pffati^^p«4^ A PERILOUS VOYAGE ON THE COAST OF 2JEW ZEALAND. 'A Tjbttb Nakrative. ?-? ITrom the side window of my room at 'Omaru Station, in the colony of New Zealand, I could see the bay, bright in ine rays of the early morning. The ?Kenilworth, Captain Murray, was riding there at anchor — a barque of 500 tons. How my heart warmed towards her I — for I am a sailor, and have a sailor's love for craft. The Kenilworth had brought down a cargo of sheep from Wellington — a voyage which she had made several tunes — and was going back in ballast. Why I had taken, my passage in her can not be stated here in exteiiso ; suffice it to say that a terrible murder had been com mitted on a sheep-farm near Omaru, and I was hastening en the track of the man .who was supposed to have committed it. ; That may be told another time. * I went down at once, and took a small . boat to get on board. ' She was a noble looking vessel, and in excellent order; yards were well squared; sails tightly furled and bunted ; no slack ropes hang * ing about ; it was apparent that she had a good crew, well commanded. Almost every moveable thing had been put be low in the iold, and the decks presented a clear, roomy appearance. \- There was only one other passenger, ' who had come up in her from Wellington for a pleasure trip, and was now going back. His name was John Me Arthur, but he was universally known as Taraki Jack, from the place h.a lived at. Colonial fashion, we soon scraped acquaintance. The breeze blew lightly from the south ward ; everything seemed to promise a prosperous voyage. The Kenilworth was a ship of great beam for her tonnage, yet withal she was long, being of a peculiar, shallow build, and drawing little water. Captain Murray was a fine sailor. I knew him well. The . crew worked well, and soon had the anchor hove short. All sails were loosed, topgallantsails, and royals set. The yards were then braced for canting the ship's head off shore. In a very few minutes more we were away. The anchor was catted and fished, the yards were trimmed to the wind, and every available stitch of canvas set ; the decks wera cleared up, and the crew sent to breakfast. We went down then, Captain Murray leaving his chief mate in charge of the ship. . The captain had his young wife on board; to whom he had been recently married. She joined us at the breakfast table — a well-served meal that did credit both to cook and steward. As we drew off the land the southerly swell was very . perceptablSr^-but Mrs. .Murray appeared to be, in fills respect, as good a sailor as her husbaSdj and did not feel it. After%ar-J^WB went on deck and lit our pipes :';%he captain, I, and Taraki Jack. The air was warm and balmy : the day altogether lovely, fulfilling the promise of early morn. The breeze had freshened a little, but felt next to nothing, as we had it abaft the beam. Nevertheless, it sent us through the water six or seven knots j promising a speedy run up to Wellington. Every thing seemed combined to conduce to our enjoyment. Ah ! could we but have seen into the future — even for one day, only ! We should net then have lounged ; abont the poop, smoking and yarning in utter lisUessness. The glad sunshine, the beautiful blue, dancing waters, the not far distant shore — all very pleasant to look on now, would soon be sadly changed. The day continued fine through out. At 10 o'clock, when I climbed into my bunk for the night, we had rounded Banks Peninsula, which, might be con sidered the half-way stage on our journey. About 4 o'clock the next morning I was awoke by the mate. He had come below to call the skipper. The cuddy was -dark, and he stumbled over a camp stool, nearly sending his head through the side of my cabin. Having recovered himself by swearing a little, he went on and knocked at the captain's door. 'Who's there? What's the matter?' sang out Murray. ' The breeze is freshening and gusty, sir,' said the mate. *' There's a heavy bank forming to the southward. The barometer, I see, has gone down a bit, and I think we're going to. have a breeze.' 'All right,' was the answer, in a sharp tone. -Jump up and take the royals in. FU be with you. directly.' I was on deck almost as soon as the captain. 'We shall have it smartly, and no mistake,' he said to me, ' but I don't mind if the weather keeps clear. The barometer has fallen about two tenths since 10 o'clock last night. That can't be for nothing with the wind keeping steady at south. Besides, that low bank hanging there seems inclined to rise/' ' The sky everywhere was clear as pos sible. A very few small ragged clouds were driving across it. To the southward was the bank— scarcely seven degrees high. But the wind came occasionally in those peculiar, short, fitful puffs which, to the seaman, are pretty sure indicators of a coming breeze. In these southerly gales it often turns to rain or mist. By the time the light sails were made fast : the sun had - risen, looking big, and very bright. Yet there was a peculiar haze underneath I did not like. The morning was a splendid one, the scene around charming. On our left stretched the land, some five or six miles distant ; in the clear morning light we could trace it fir inland, gently undulating, until it ruae abruptly into lofty peaks some 20 miles from thesea. Homesteads, too, could be discerned, the thin blue- white smoke curling away from their roofs; all speak ing eloquently of a life of peace. On pur light the sea was rolling up in good-sized -waves, their crests curling, roaring, and foaming ; occasionally one would break near us, sending up a shower of spray in the clear sunshine, which was reflected back in all the beautiful colors of the rainbow. But, withal, the sky was too blue — almost black-blue ; and there was far -too much Igla-re on the waters. The eye turned gladly to those dark, dull patches on the sea, caused by the passing of some small cloud across the face of the sun. It 'was a relief to watch the shadow: stealing across the water, then past the. ship, on to the beach, and over the land,' .until finally it was lost in the distance.. The ship seemed as though she felt the exhilarating effects of the fresh, breezy; morning. She danced and lurched mar vellously, going through the water about nine knots. At 8 o'clock the .weather be gan to change rapidly. The bank astern was evidently rising ; the, sky became overcast ; a thin mist covered the waters, and the breeze very perceptibly freshened. There was no longer any mistaking what we had to expect.' ' Call all hands, shorten sail,' sang out the captain. The crew quickly responded to the summons, and the smaller sails were taken in rapidly. Fresher and fresher blew the wind every minute,, and the rain began to fall. There was not a moment to waste. The gear of. the main sail was manned — and only just in time. .Flapping and banging, it required all the strength of the.crew to haul it up. The topsails were double reefed. * . The breakfast-table was not as bright this morning as the last: at least, we were not as bright who ^were at it. Taraki Jack looked ill at ease, physically ; Mrs. Murray, a little anxious and scared. The ship tumbled about.; the general aspect of affairs was .gloomy. : ? ? . ; Things got worse as the morning wore on. The wind increased, the barometer continued, to falL . Captain Murray ordered the ship to be iove-to, and things were made snug alow and aloft. 1 ; '.We are in for it, and no. mistake,' cried he, standing by me on the poop. ' There's sure to be a strong current from the south'ard with a gale like tills. Should the wind keep steady where it is, we shall' drive as far as Wellington in f our- and-twenty hours : if, on the other hand, it heads us off in the meantime, we are sure to go ashore on^the land now abreast of us.' ' ?'? . ; That was comforting. : ' I wish I could have foreseen this yesterday,' he said, looking anxiously around. ' I would have been a hundred, miles off the land by this time. .We should then have had plenty of sea-room to hang it out in/3 I understood the position and the danger as well as he, and will «ndeayor to makeitplain to the non-nautical reader. The ship was hove-to. That is — her.head was pointed away from the land, but she had scarcely any forward motion. She only drifted sideways — in a direction at right angles to her keel, at the rate of two or three, knots an hour. This was carrying her up along the land, but keep ing her the same distance from it. Once clear of this particular island we should be in Cook's Straits. The coast where we now were runs what, - to simplify the matter, may be called north and south. The straits lie about east and west. A line -projected north, 30 miles from the extremity of the coast now near us, would strike Wellington. For several miles on each side this latter, the land forms the north shore of the straits. The entrance to Wellington Harbor is very difficult. It lies through a channel, two miles, long, and less than half a mile wide, situated between high hills. Moreover, the chan nel has a nasty reef, terminating in a big roGk, ten feet high, running half-way across its mouth. About the entrance the coast runs back in a tolerably deep bay, forming nearly a right angle— its sides some three miles long, and just at the angle is the entrance'. If, then, we continued to drift in a northerly direction we should just-keep clear of the coast near us. ©nee past it, however, we should soon drive over to the land about Wellington. This would indeed be a most dangerous position — failing a change of wind or weather. If, however, in the next few hours, the wind altered a' point or two unfavorably, without moderating, or if any serious accident befel the ship, we should inevitably go ashore at once ; and, with 'the wind and sea now raging,- no earthly means could save a single soul. The men were wet through; and: no doubt tired. Grog was served out, and they were sent below to get a smoke and a rest. Bam was falling, the ship labored and strained fearfully. About 2 o'clock a furious squall came on. A sudden whir- r-r, with a noise like the discharge of cannon, told its own tale. I was standing with the captain and mate under the shelter of the weather-cloth, lashed in the mizen rigging. We looked aloft, but only to see the maintopsail blown to pieces. One of the chain-sheets had parted, and the heavy sail, with about 12 feet of it attached, was flapping about just as a strong man might shake a towel. The noise was something terrific. The ship shook and quivered all over. One moment the topsail was elevated high above the yard, the next it would be hurled out straight to leeward, the heavy sheet playing like the lash of a coach whip. This could not continue long. In flying back, the sheet gave the 'sail one 'flick/' cutting a long slit:initir This settled -the business. In a' moment nothing was left of the canvas %ut a few shreds. This' was the climax. Our only sail was blown away. The ship became unmanageable, and fell off in 4he trough' of the sea, threatening every moment to roll the masts out. ' Few landsmen can picture the scene. The ship tumbled about terribly. The men could scarcely move from the places where they held on without being thrown down. It seemed almost impossible to do anything for her. At length the mizen staysail and part of the spanker was set. With these, after a deal of trouble, the ship's head was brought to the wind again. :~ It was now past 3, and the crew were again sent below to finish their dinner. What they got to eat I know not ; but in the cuddy there was nothing much to be had, all the saucepans had been swept off the galley stove in the 4ate knocking about. I and the captain'1 sat down to table, and the steward set - biscuit and cheese, and. a glass of grog before us. Taraki Jack, who was not so good a sailor as he 'would have liked to make out, and had' been in bed since breakfast; made us aware of his proximity— in a very weak tone, though. ? . : . ' I say, Murray, what the deuce is all that row upstairsi I thought we must be going to the bptfaun. Do send me a drop of weak -brandy and water, there's a good fellow. I feel awfully queer/' 'Turn out and join us in a snack,' said the captain, 'It will set you straight.' . 'I don't think I can,' said Jack. ** Besides, I've got my nightcap tied on.' ' Bring your .nightcap with you ; you'll not frighten us. Mrs. Murray's not here.' Scrambling out of his berth at this, McArthur made his appearance.. He had said he felt queer; he certainly looked so. TTis white nightcap, garnished with a big tassel, was tied on with- a black hander chief, and he had flung on, Maori fashion, one of the large blue colonial blankets. As to his face, what with the fright and the sickness combined, no nightcap could be whiter. In spite of ourselves, we laughed outright ; which considerably disgusted him. With an audible groan, he wished -he had never come away from Taraki. The steward brought him a, good stiff glass, half-and- half; and in drinking it Jack's courage came back again. ' I say, captain, when shall we get to Wellington V ? The captain looked steadily at him for a few seconds before answering. With an involuntary glance at his wife's cabin door, he replied in a half whisper, 'God only knows where we shall be in twelve hours' time even.' And the effect of this on Jack was not what might have been expected from his behavior of the last few hours. - ? Without a- word of comment he pro ceeded to get rid of divers parts of his' costume. 'With the utmost deliberation he dragged off the nightcap. This he shied into his bunk through the open doorway j the blue envelope immediately followed it. The black handkerchief he tied round his neck, and pulled his wide awake out of his coat packet, which he fastened on with a chin-strap. 'Now,' said he, ' if we are in danger, and I can be of any use, why— I'm your man.' ' I am afraid that neither you nor any one else will be of much service when the need comes for it,J- was Captain Murray's reply. 'I fwas just thinking that per haps I had better explain matters to you; you will then see for yourself how very small o«r chance is of being alive at this time io-morrow. For myself, I'm not a bit afraid of death. I know that I should only be changing this world for a better; for, by God's mercy, I learnt where 'to trust years agol But I'm thinking of my wife, poor thing ! It will fee a terrible parting. Heaven knows I would rather die ten times over than harm should happen to her; I did not want to bring her this trip at all. Something seemed to tell me not to ; but she would come, and I .gave way.' Fetching his chart, he spread it on the table, and pointed out the ship's position on it. This placed her some 10 miles off the coast, and about 15 from where it abutted on Cook's Straits. If the wind held where it was we should just drive along the land clear of 'everything, and fetch into the straits ; but, once, there, the ship would inevitably drift over to the other side, when nothing could save her. If, on the other hand, the wind hauled to the eastward at all, without moderating^ she would soon be ashore ; nothing but Providence could keep her off the rocks. All this was made clear to Jack. He saw that, failing n. change of weather, or some almost miracle wrought by God's providence, death was certainly coauing to us. The captain^ was turning to go on deck when Mrs. Murray opened her cabin door. It was plain by her anxious, wistful face that she had some snspicion of the state of things. She called to her hus band. : . '. . : ' George, dear, are we in much dan ger-?' ...-?. Now that ;he was asked to tell her the truth — and unexpectedly— he was terribly taken-to. He had recognised the neces sity of speaking, and would have done it — and done it well too — if ; allowed to go about it in .his own way and at his own time. But it was a bitter task to enter on before strangers, and he evaded in a degree the question. i 'My dear Mary~ it is blowing very hard, and the sea is tremendously high, whilst the ship, as you know, is not properly laden — only in ballast trim. But I've been in weather quite as bad, and worse, before now ; ay, many a time, and still I'm^safe and well to tell of it. Of course,' he added, 'there's a little danger. I Jut you know very well that, danger or no danger, we are in the Almighty's keeping — I must relieve Ward, who is hungry and wet through,' he abruptly broke off, and bolted up the companion. Mrs. Murray shut her door again. Ward, the chief mate, came below : an efficient officer, but- a man of no educa tion. Throwing down his monkey jacket and cap outside the door, both soaking, he sat down to the bread and cheese, and the steward brought him a glass of grog. ' Well/' he began, in a low tone, glancing at Mrs. Murray's cabin, ' I've been aC sea nigh upon thirty year, but I never see things look so queer as they do to-day. 'It's my opinion it'll be a case of pickles with all of us before to morrow.' ' ' Then you don't think we have much chance, Mr. Ward ?' ? 'Much chance!' replied Ward, with considerable stress, 'I honestly believe there's not the ghost of a chance. If the wind and sea don't go down, why — we shall go to Davy Jones's locker. Clawin' off a lee-shore in this weather— and. with a ship in ballast besides — is just out of the question. Why, we couldn't set the canvas, let alone carry it. No,' lie con tinued, in a changed and serious tone, ? 1 1 fancy it's all up this time. Somehow, I always thought I should die at sea. I daresay I shall be as well off in the place we are going to as a good many I've knowed in this world.' . Drinking up his grog, the mate got into his wet jacket again, and went back on deck. McArthur looked at me. ' I say, it's an awfully queer feeling — being so near death. It makes a fellow think of many things he'id like to forget. I would rather it had come when I was at home. I'd like to see the wife and children again. 'What a fool I was to come away from Taraki 4.' — Argosy. [To le concluded in our next.] 