TILL' 3MYSTKUI0U.S SKELETON FOUND AT j STANHOPE. ON Siitln-d.'iy morning, at 10 o'clock, the inquest, hold', 1 Intel e the Coroner, Mr T. W. Pearse, touching the human remains! lately found at Stanhope, and supposed to be a pessimist of the skeleton of Mil Robert' Charles, was . resurrect The inquiry (says the Mail land Mercury) continued during the whole of the day, with the exception of two short intervals for refreshment, until a few minutes before midnight, when it was adjourned until yesterday (Monday) evening, at 6 o'clock. There were a good many persons present during the whole time, evidently taking; much interest in the proceedings, and towards evening: the billiard-room at Mr. Tuck's Commercial Hotel, where the inquest was held, was even inconveniently crowded! A sketch of the locality where the remains were found, compiled by- Mr. William White from the descriptions of the witnesses, which, although not pretended to portray accurately the spot, yet served to show clearly the relative positions in which the skull, the rest of the skein- ' , ton, and who gun were found, was placed befere the jury, and was examined with much attention. The cWdinco respecting the search for Mr. Charles was very xoluiiriuous, and wotherpforo soled Hint of the price- . pal witnesses, together with the medical testimony, ' ' Ellen Par kins remembered seeing Charles at Johnson's ' house on Easter' Monday four years ago ; had never heard of any dispute between the two men. Constable E. Green Inn deposed to assisting in the search for the missing. man, on that occasion Johnson said it' was no use looking at him.' One exerting whom witness was returning in coiiipiiiiy¡ with Johnson, the latter remarked that it was very curious that Mr., Charles should have left a' pound, '. just the very amount that would have to be paid for the gun. Between the time when the search was elfscemíjiiiied 'on the 11th April, 1868, and the 10th of the same month, ' witness sjixV- Johnson in front of his house ; Johnson Slid in a very excited manner, "what's- up;" witness replied, " nothing ; " Johnson then said that whenever he saw any of those chaps (the police) he thought there was something; up ; Mr A. Johnson then came out and interrupted the con- versation by telling her husband to hurry with the corn, or who U could be too late Johnson said nothing for a while, but, afterwards said that it a reward was offered Charles might perhaps turn up. On another occasion witness saw Johnson passing through Lochinvar-, and Johnson said to him, I heard from a friend that Charles was in California ; a letter came from a man in California to a friend in Sydney that Charles, the missing man from Maitland, was there;" in January, 1868, witness was collecting the electoral full, and went to Johnson's ; Mrs. Johnson told witness that Charles had turned up in Ireland ; she said a man had met Johnson on the road and told him that Charles was at home now, that they (the Johnsons) had intended to leave Stanhope before this occurred, and, Johnson's mind now being easy, they were more than over inclined to leave ; 0110 day during' the search Johnson asked witness whether he had said that he had seen Charles's ghost on the night that he had slept in his (Johnson's) place ; witness told him not to mind such yarns ; whenever witness was talking with Johnson on the subject of Mr. Charles, Mrs. Johnson always interfered, and seemed to try to break off the con- versation! Senior-sergeant Thomas Kerrigan deposed that on the 4th April, HOt, he received information through Mr. Colyer, by believed, about the missing man, Mr Charles ; 011 the next day Mr. Colyer came us him, and witness believed that Johnson also came that day ; they reported that a young man, named Robert Charles, an assistant teacher at Mr. Colyer's school, went to spend his Easter holidays at Mr. Johnson's place, Stanhope, that he went out on the Monday for the purpose of shooting, and that he was to return in order to proceed from Branxton to Maitland by the afternoon train, and that he had not since been seen or heard of; witness felt astonished that Johnson should have permitted such a delay before he made his report ; Johnson said he had reported the matter to the constable at Branxton on the following Saturday witness went to S(unhopo)n company wilhsoveral volunteers from Maitland, ram forty to sixty in number; the search was kept up for several days, but without success; Johnson appeared to witness to be the most reluctant in the party; witness spoke to him several times about his neglect in the first instance, and from Johnson's answers witness strongly suspected there had been foul play; witness sometimes entered into conversation on the subject with Johnson in the presence of his wife, and whenever Johnson appeared to be ' rather hard pushed Mrs. Johnson seemed to try to put are end to the conversation in consequence of his suspicions witness directed some of the police to be in ambush, and keep a watch upon Johnson and his wife ; witness caused a great portion of the floor of Johnson's had to be dug up, also the fireplace, stockyard, pig-stye, and cow- bail, to jury and find, if the body had been buried ; Witness afterwards got some rods of iron, with which he searched the bed of a neighbouring creek, by prodding the earth as Mr as the iron would go down; before the search was concluded the persons who were most anxious in it seemed to Johnson as his greatest enemies ; when fresh parties came from MiAIaud to join in the some h, both Johnson and his wife would get greatly excited, iindUohnsoh on one occasion said he was greatly astonished that the Maitland people should take such an interest in it. Witness went out on Monday last, - in company with the coroner, Dr. Pierce, Mr. Tuck, and others, to see (helped where the remains were found, and to bring in the farming portion of the body; witness saw the spot white it was supposed the body had decayed, ? also the, place where the gun was found; the stock of the gun, as witness was told, was about four feet from where the corpse had lain, and the muzzle of the gun from the head of the corpse measured about seven feet; there were two saplings grow- ing between the body and the gun, which must have been growing there long before the body came there witness believed that if a person had committed suicide with that gun, the 1 muzzle would have been facing him; it would have fallen towards the corpse, but in no case could a person had thrown the gun away after discharging the shot through his head; witness looked at the skull produced, and was of opinion that no one could say whether the hole in the front of the skull was made by shot or by a bullet ; ' xx illness did not think it was a bullet that made the hole in the back of the skull ; the ramrod could not have possibly made those holes ; witness tried the gun after it was found, and saw that it had been discharged: witness did not think that death was caused either by suicide or by an accident, if the body when found had lain in the position pointed out to him ; when witness first went out to Johnson's house he saw, a waistcoat, watch, and a pound note, xtIlilli Johnson said belonged to Charles; witness took charge of their, hut Johnson said he was entitled to the pound note, as it would be required to pay for the gulf that property remained in the hands of the police until it was given up to the Rev. W. K. Colyer, for the purpose of forwarding it home to Charles's father; it would have been possible, supposing a person had shot himself, for native dogs to have di gagged the body away from the gun ; witness understood Johnson to say that Charles went out between nine and eleven o'clock in the morning. The Roy W. H. Colyer then deposed that he was head master of the West Maitland Grammar School ; about four years aiid'n-hiclf ago he had an assistant teacher in the school named Robert dearly, who was recommended to w witness by the Rev. Thomas Smith, of Sydney ; Charles came up to Maitland in December, 1865 ; he told witness that he had some friends at Stanhope, and as it was the Christmas holidays, witness gave him permission to go and sin and some time with them ; he came back on the day before school reopened, and on the following day the scheiorxtoilc'eomraenied; witness and Charles got on very well together ; witness found him a very steady, quiet, young 1111111, and he was very well satisfied with him xvi t ness found to eat Charles was very poor, and frequently advanced him money on account of his salary during the quarter ; witness found that Charles had pawned his watch, and gave him money to redeem it on the Thursday before the Easter holidays Charles asked for permission to go out and visiting friends at Stanhope; witness gave him permission, With the understanding that he was to return on the Monday evening, in order to resume school duties on Easter Tuesday, on that Thursday night witness paid Charles the balance due to. him on account of his salary, about four pounds; on that day Mrs., we came to see witness, and he introduced Mr.. Charles to her it appeared that they both came from the same locality in Ireland, and Mrs, Lowe invited him to go and spend the Monday even ing at her house; Charles did not come home on the Monday evening, nor on the Tuesday, although witness anxiously expected him on Wednesday witness received a letter [marked A] from Johnson as follows :-" Stanhopes April 30,180G.-Dour Sirs-I am sorry I have to Hulm in you that, Robert Charles went 011 Monday morning after bicakfucst,xtitli(lhe gun, and was not seen since. I feel sorry for, your inconvenience, as he said he was to return by Monday evening's train Your obedient servant, John Johnson." Witness reported the matter almost immediately in the police; he afterwards saw sergeant Kerrigan about (he matter, who told him that be had sent a man out ; Johnson came in and saw witness either 011 The Thursday) or Friday ; Witness went out himself on Saturday and Sunday, and a more horrible place than the i i ranges about here he never saw in his life ; witness always said and still thought that an accident had occurred, and that Charles did not lie many miles from that place ; the «rarcliJDg"having gone on for some, time without result. witness wrote to the father of Mr. Charles, and in' due course received an answer. (In this letter Mr. Charles senior, expressed his Hunks to Mr. Colyer for the interest to bid ln.inttestetl in his son's fate, and expressed a hope that the latter might yet prove to be alive, and requested Mr. Colyer, in the event of his obtaining any further information, to let him know.) Witness again wrote to Mr. Charles, son., nitor come time had elapsed, to say that no news had been received of Robert Charles. (Witness then read the reply of Mr. Charles, sen., in which he said that being now, doubtful whether his son would ever turn up, he would allow his clothes to John Johnson, holding a relative ;? his books be allowed to Mr. Colyer, in testimony of his gratitude for that gentleman's kindness towards his son j the (watch no desire is to have sent to him, to be kept in the family as a memento of his lost son, and he enclosed ellice-' tions as to how it was 'In be sent, the postage,. fee.,' to be ' paid out of the pound his son had left.) Witness packed the watch as requested 1 and forwarded it, but had received no answer; Mr. Charles's box was opened in the presence of the my. J. 31, Thackeray, Mr. Chippendall, and sergeant Kerrigan; There was nothing in it of any consequent c ; witness kept ; one or two of the books, and the box was then fastened up; " witness also found the photograph of Mr. Charles in the box, which he kept out, and now produced;! Charles, [ looked rather' older than the portrait, but otherwise it was an excellent likeness ; after the bore was fastened up it was well away, and it was lost along with two or three other ' boxes and a basket belonging to witness in the flood of 1867; during this week witness received the following letter (market! E) from Johnson.-" Sydney, June '29th 1848\. Dear sir-If 1 cm trouble a friend to seek after and let me know anything of iinjwrtiupc that would concern me or my family as the (two) very .. sore on me. Thank God he has come to light, it is a son Milton to those what upheld for me and family.! Robert Charles and line are first cousins. Mr. Colyer be so kind a lo forward to me to (see) any information or any inquiries that is made I wish you to have to to me say All things ' pertaining to him. The gun is mine, for I give Mr. Peebles 12s.' worth of potatoes after I heard he asked Sergeant Kerrigan for the value of it; Mr. Colyer please to, have all belonging to him sent to me to Sydney. I would be up but my present situation I cannot get away as it appeared in Stating Votes, 28 June. Yours, John johnson." Witness always believed Johnson innocent of anything like feld play in the matter ; he could not see any motive whatever for foul play ; witness did not. re 'ridicules any peculiarity in Mr. Charles's mode of walking; witness thought the cloUites" Mr, Charles wore when he left his place were something like the' fragments of tweed produced ; witness was of opinion that the skull produced was the skull of Mr. Charles ; witness did not believe that Charles was very expert the shoot ir<g ; while with him Charles was always punctual in his habits', witness saw a paragraph in the liturgy newspaper, which stated that Mr. Charles had been heard of ' in California ; witness went to the ellice of that paper, and found out IhntMi. TliomnsLedi-nni had given the informiitjonjnn which flint paragraph was; based ; Mr. Charles wits about twenty five years old.; the description of his appearance in the Police Gazette produced is tolerably rnrrcct,oxcopt that witness would estimate Mr. Charles s height at five feet five r wishes, find Dot five feet six inches as stated in the Faitee . Vauttr. , Dr John Pierce then deposed : I am a legally qualified , medical practitioner, practising in West Maitland on Monday morning, the 27th of June, I proceeded in company with the coroner, senior-sergeant Kerrigan, fitful others to Sandy Waterhole Brush, situated in the Tangorin mountains; having descended a deep gully, I was shown a number of human bones which were collected into a heap, and placed upon a boulder; I then examined in and about the vicinity of the place, and succeeded in finding some portions of wearing apparel, also some decayed matter, and amongst the debris 1 also found one of the cervical vertebrae and the first rib ; the skull and a couple of the long lines had been brought into town previous to my visit ; I examined them at the police station ; I was also shown a long rusty fowling-piece, which was said to have been picked up near the remains of the deceased; I had all the bones collected, and brought to Maitland; I have since examined them came fully ; I had a large opening, with dean edges and well defined, situated in the os fronts, immediately above the nose ; the posterior portion of the parietal bone is missing, and at the upper edge, just near the suture, and a little to the right of the centre, a half- moon shaped opinion exists, coiTCsponding in direction with the wound that is in front there is fracture of the left parietal' bone, extending down wards and backwards for about four inches in the remain- ing portion of the right parietal bone n fractur c two inches in length runs downwards and forwards ; nearly the whole of the right temporal bone, the Hygeia, supciW maxilla, outer wall, and part of the floor of the orbit, on the right side, are also missing ; there are nine teeth in the upper jaw, the remaining seven are missing ; the inferior maxilla is in a perfect state of preservation ; it contains seven teeth, and fits into the articulation perfectly ; I am quite satisfied that it belongs to the skull I have just described ; the left femur or thigh-bone is nearly perfect, the right line suffered much from exposure, especially the particular each, which, being naturally soft and porous, may have becniiiltoi'ked by native dogs; the condyles (internal and external) of both femurs have either decayed or been eaten away the hip bones (tram, schism, and public,) are more or less complete; the sacrum is perfect: a portion of the right scapula or shoulder-blade is forthcoming His left is missing both the small bones of the leg are complete!; part of the right tibia, small portion of right radius, rises thirteen ribs, are in a good state of preservation ; nine vertebra) were also picked up, one of which was found within a few feet of where the gun was discovered; amongst the debris were found small portions of wearing apparel, and a quantity of decayed matter; there was not a sufficient quantity of earth in or about the place to bury a dead body ; I consider the body was placed in the position where the remains were found, basing that opinion upon the fact that I not only found his clothing there, but also part of his body, to wit, one of his cervical vertebra) ; I have examined the gun shown to me at the police station ; I have also read a description of the deceased in the Police Gazette, and I find therefrom that he was a man of five feet six inches high ; from the length of the gun, and the direction the hall took, I am positive that the deceased could not have produced (the wound in his skull with the gun I examined ; I consider the wound in the skull to have been produced by a bullet, and not by shot ; I do not think deceased could have shot himself, either accidentally or intentionally ; my ( exclusion is that there was a second person in the affair ; from the appearance of the skull I should say that the check bone was broken off after death-probably it decayed from the skull having rested on that side ; a shot striking on the forehead, and making its exit by the back of the head would cause a larger hole in front than behind, as the bones at the back would give way to some extent i from the position of the remains when found I am of opinion that the head lay up-hill ; I do not think deceased could have shot himself and have afterwards thrown the gun away ; native dogs would have been more likely to have dragged the body down hill than upwards ; one arm bone was broken, but I could not say whether it was done before or after death ; the debris on the rock I think indicates that the body had decomposed there the rim of the hat was (here also ; the appearances on the skull could not have been. produced by a charge of shot ; they must have been produced by a bullet or some solid missile ; I do not think the ramrod of the gun could have produced such appearances. " After further evidence corroborative of the incidents identifed with the search given by the witness quoted above, the inquiry was again adjourned. 