LATER EUROPEAN NEWS. By the French ship Bayonnaise, from Cali- fornia, we (& if. Herald) have further details of European news to the 15th December. We extract the following telegraphio news from the Altai California and Evening Bulletin : Ohioago, December 10.-The Herald'» special from London telegraphs from tho continent the report that at the opening of the session of the Anti-Papal Congress at Naples, yesterday, there were present 500 Italian delegates and twenty members from other parts of the world. The inauguration address was delivered by President Ricciardi. Letters of apology for non-atten- dance were read from Victor Hugo, Garibaldi, and other distinguished persons and leaders of the Radical Reform party. These communica- tions were read with great enthusiasm, wbich endured to the close of the proceedings. Rome, December 10-The Pope delivered an Allocution before the assembled Bishops. He expressed his satisfaction at being able to open the'Council on the day fixed, and at finding the Bishops had come in such numbers to aid the Holy See, helped by the Holy Spirit. Faith in human schemes, and all impiety, were never before as strong as at the present day ; for tbey were well organised, and hid themselves behind pretended appearances for liberty. [But there was nothing to fear, because the church was stronger even than Heaven] Bnt time would remedy present evils. The Hely Father oonolnded with an invoca- tion to the Holy Ghost, to the Blessed Virgin, and to Saints Peter and Paul. Rome, December 11.-The Ocnmenical Council adjourned till after Epiphany. Mach opposition is expected on its re-assembling, but the Pope is said to be sure of the co-operation of the American Bishops. Paris, December 11.-The French Govern- ment has made known to the (Ecumenical Coun- cil that the infallibility is an opportune question from a religious view; politically,' it places Franco otherwise than according to the Con- cordats, and releases her from obligations then accepted. Rome, December 13.-The Ocnmenical Coun- cil meets to-morrow simply for the purpose of attending to the details of organisation. Com- mittees on Faith, Discipline, Orders, and Eastern Affairs will be formed. These com- mittees comprise eighty-six members. The official list of persons entitled to attend the Council is published, and contains the names of fifty-five Cardinals, eleven Patriarchs, nine hun- | dred and twenty-seven Arohbisheps, Bishops, and Abbots, twenty-two mitred Abbots, and twenty-nine Generals of religions orders. London, December 13 -Her Majesty's Min- isters held three Cabinet meetings during the week, to consider the present critical condition of public affairs in Ireland, with the state of the island generally. It was resolved to proclaim the County Tipperary, province of Monster, and county and city of Londonderry, in Ulster, as being in a state of insurrection, as described in a late Act of Parliament providing therefor, and so empowering them to act ; that five thousand additional troops be immediately dispatobed to Ireland, raising the total force of the regular army there to abont thirty thousand men. This is to meet tbe emergency at present. On the assembling of Parliament, on the 10th January, a bill will be immediately introduced to empower the Government to suspend the habeas corpus in Ireland by Executive order, not waiting for an Act of the Legislature, when deemed neces- sary for pnblio safety to do so. A telegram from Rome states that the Pope has issued a deoree providing that in the case of his death the Ooumenical Council shall be dissolved, and none but Cardinals take part in the election of his successor. London, December 15.-An important Papal Bull has been issued under the seal of strict secrecy,, ..establishing regulations for the Ocnmenical Council. In his exordium, his Holiness exhorts Bishops to live in the practice ' of charity, humility, sobriety, and pious con- templation during the session of the Council. He declares that although the right of making propositions for the Council belongs only to him- self and the Court of Rome-"ad not et ad sanctum sedam"-he desires and exhorts every Father to think it his dnty to make propositions. But on these conditions : First, the proposition be made m writing, submitted to a Connoil of Bishops named by the Pope; second, the pro- position to have for its object the general interests of the Church, not a particular diocese ; third, it shall be accompanied by a statement of the motives which led to its presentation ; fourth, it Bhall be comformable to the spirit of the tra- ditions of the Catholic Church. His Holiness imposes secrecy on every person concerned in the conciliatory labours. The order of prece- dence is fixed as follows:-Cardinal-Bishops, Cardinal-Priests, Cardinal-Deacons, Patriarchs, Primates, Archbishops, Bishops, Abbot«, Generals of Monastic Orders. Fathers are authorised to designate ten of their number to be charged with the judicial settlement of con- testations arising among themselves. The Bull appoints the officers of the Council, naming as Legates or Presidents over the geoeral con- gregations. Cardinals De Resaoh, De Lncca, Cox zarre, Bilio, and Capalti. Fathers who desire to harangne the assembly must obtain authorisation from the Legate on the evening of the preceding day on which they intend to speak. Those who intend to propose canons must first submit them to one,of the four Commissioners on the fourth discipline of religions orders and Oriental affairs, these Commissioners to be chosen by the Fathers, bnt each to be presided over by a Cardinal to be named by the Pope. The Bull prohibits the Fathers absenting themselves before the conclusion of the Connell, and authorises them to reside outside their dioceses during the entire period of the Connoil. A majority of the Bishops are dissatisfied with many provisions of the Papal Bull. London, December 11.-The Times condemns the Orange Lodges. They answer no end bnt to perpetuate the idea of two races, one of conquerors, and the other of oonquered. Statesmen should discountenance them. Lisbon, December 11.-Fears were enter- tained of the breaking out of a rebellion in various parts of Portugal. The authorities are active. London, December 11.-A repor.t from the Admiralty Office says that for a distance of thirty-five miles the Suez Canal is subject to sand drifts reducing the depths, and to thick fogs bewildering the pilots. London, December 12.-M. Lesseps denies that the Suet Canal is in want of funds, or re- quires international protection. He promises that all unfinished work on the canal will be completed without interfering with navigation. The steamship Brazilian, built expressly for the Suez Canal traffic, has been fonnd to draw too much water. A despatch from Port Said aonounoes that she attempted to make the pas- sage, bnt was obliged to discharge half her cargo to get throngh. Private advices received here assert that General Prim contemplates a coup d'etat. He is sure of 80 votes in the Cortes, and will pro- claim the Duke of Genoa King, and then pre- sent a law to the Cortes making himself Regent during his minority. It is said that he con- fidently relies on the'support of the army, the Generals being in his favour, and that be will Bend for the Duke of Genoa to carry out the scheme. On the other hand a public despatch from Madrid announces that Prim made »speech yesterday in the Cortes, in whioh he denied any intention to make a coup d'etat. He de- clared, however, that he believed an immense majority in the country were ia favour of the Dake of Genoa ; that his mother was willing her son should accept the orown, and in all probability the Duke would soon be proclaimed King. Dublin, December 15 -A gun shop in this oity was entered last night by unknown parties, and the owner shot The assassins eaoaped Another gun shop was entered shortly after, and the owner fired at. A number of pistols were taken away. Paris, December 13.-Despatches from Lisbon report mnoh politioal agitation in Portugal. A military movement has been commenced by Duke galdanha, whioh is assuming large and threatening proportions The break between the King and Dake ú daily widening. Tha resignation of the President of the Ministry is momentarily expeoted, and as soon as it takes place the King will appoint another, and nil! resist tho influence of the Duke of Saldanha. Disordere are reported at Oporto London, December 13th.-The remains of George Peabody were received aboard the iron- clad Monarch on Saturday. The ceremony was attended with many demonstrations of respect. Several distinguished persons accompanied the remains to the place of embarkation, where they were received by the city authorities of Ports- mouth and the officers and marines of the Monarch and the United States steamer Ply- mouth. The. ships in the harbour displayed flags at half-mast, and dipped ensigns as the Monarch steamed on', and minute guns were fired. Minister Motley addressed Captain Com merell, commander of the Monarch, referring to the great honour paid Mr Peabody by the heads of two great nations in sending two war vessels as a special escort io his remains to his native country. On the part of the relatives of the deceased he confided the remains io the captain's keeping. Captain Com morell replied, acoepting the sacred trust, and assuring him the remains should be oared for with the most zealous interest. 