HOW I KNOCKED AROUND ON BOXING DAY. BY DEMOCRITUS DOBBS. Please bear in mind I am but a new chum: This is a humiliating confession to make: for I know full well what a despicable, dis- gusting, disreputable thing it is to be a new chum. But, pardon me, it is a fault that time will cure, and if I live long enough in Victoria, I shall become a very Old Colonist, and entitled to claim from the Coppin of the future the shelter of a Founder's Cottage. Being only the disgraceful thing I am, I am bound to look at things from the point of view of all my tribe; and as such, I must tell you where I went and what I saw last Monday (which it was Boxing Day), and I wanted to observe for myself how the Mel- bournians spent their great annual jour de vacance. On Sunday night, or rather towards the morning of Monday, "I dreamt a dream, a 'nappy dream," produced most likely by the overlading I had taken in during the day of unctuous beef, obese turkey, and that indescribable conglomerate which, as Eng- lishmen, we are bound to regard as the pal- ladium of our liberties and swear by accord- ingly, but which forms such a light and agreeable adjunct to a heavy feed in this clime of the sunny south. "Methought I was a boy again," just starting, pea-shooter in hand and pockets full of peas, by the "Telegragh" fast four-in-hand drag, "home for the holidays." The ground was thickly clad with new-fallen snow, the streams lock- ed up in icy bonds; the air sharp, crisp, and frosty; every cottage chimney sent forth fantastic wreaths of odorous beechwood smoke; and the windows of roadside inns were steamy with the vapours of the good things being cooked within, giving rich promise of the cheer that awaited their fortunate customers. My boyish heart revelled in the anticipation of unnumbered pantomimes, luscious mince- pies, ecstatic twelfth-cakes, and paradisaical plum-pud- dings. I pelted passing passengers with profuse peas; like the war-horse at the sound of the trumpet, I said "Ha ! Ha !" when the guard's horn blew; the faces of my fel- low-passengers were blue and pinched with cold, but the face of nature was wrinkled with a universal grin; the Christmas chimes rang out their merry music —and I was glad. "A change came o'er the spirit of my dream." I was no longer a boy, but—well, no matter how old I was, but certainly past my teens. A warm breath went sighing through the room, which couldn't come from yule log or sea-coal fire, because the fire- place was filled instead with queer- looking flowers and unfamiliar foliage. There was no hoar-frost on the window, no warm carpet on the floor. In short there was nothing to remind one that it was the 26th December, except the big figures on the diary hung against the wall. I started up and found I was awake and in a strange land. As soon as this consciousness dawned upon me, I was impressed with the notion that it behoved me to go and behold all the new phases of holiday life in this new country I had gotten into. I.sallied out and wended my way to CAULFIELD RACES, having learnt that that was the nearest scene of excitement to my then whereabouts. I found the walk there equally refreshing to the mind and body. To the former, because it forced one to ponder on the coming of that day when all men and all things shall be turned unto dust; and it was corporeally wholesome be- cause the eyes being hermetically bunged-up with dust, they couldn't observe the extreme ugliness of the landscape; the nostrils being filled with dust they were callous to the vile smells from the adjacent brickfields, and the throat being choked with the same gritty material the want of more congenial pabulum was less felt. The races that formed the ostensible inducement to make this pilgrim- age across the sandy waste were apparently got up by a society of carpenters and joiners, who had brought out, for some inscrutable reason, all the "old worn-out screws" they could find lying about their respective shops. But in a spirit of pure fun they had actually given names to these pieces of ironmongery, such as Valentine and Bushranger, Stafford and Waverley, Triumph Cupbearer. All the arrangements were of the most refresh- ingly primitive character; the judge's stand especially attracted my attention as a wonderful elucidation of the rudimentary principles of Constructive Art. But there were plenty of traps of most miscellaneous fashions, and the people in them evidenty enjoyed themselves highly, so the end of all sport was accomplished, and I came away with thie conviction that Caulfield was almost as good as Ascot, and beat it hollow in the matter of dust. Thence away by rail to the pretty bit of woodland scenery that the initiated know as the Survey Paddock—why, I can't imagine, ex- cept that it isn't a paddock, and the trees stand much too thick for an extended survey. Here I found a goodly crowd assembled most of whom had obviously come with the same indefinite views I had myself, of seeing what others had come out for to see. But there was one group of some two thou- sand persons who had a definite purpose. They comprised the eighteen tents of the Rechabites, who, being professedly water worshippers, had come thus far to perform their solemn rites at that part of the Yarra where its stream flows clearest, and offers every temptation to indulge in unlimited im- bibition of the pure element which constitutes the cardinal dogma of their creed. "Don't misunderstand me. In saying "eighteen tehts" I don't mean so many actual erections of poles and canvass; no, the word is to be taken in its symbolical sense, and signifies a "branch." Thus while Oddfellows and Foresters are allied to the Red Indians who gather in "lodges," the Rechabites, like Bedouins of the desert, are "dwellers in tents." Two of these tents, the Prahran and South Yarra, have musicians in the tribe, and in them three of the four elements are exemplified in a remarkable degree. Much drinking of water has generated in them a wonderful force of wind that finds vent in the fire with which they give out the most pianissimo passages of the mildest waltz. Their great performances are characteristi- cally Handel's Water Music, "By the margin of Zurich's fair waters" and " Water parted from the sea." I heard a little boy remark with enthusiasm that it was "stun- nin'." And he was right. Besides music, vocal and instrumental, the hydrolaters dis- played their superior vigour in athletic contests, and gave themselves up to milder amusement of a more simply pastoral character, such as croquet and dancing on the sylvan sward. I left them at this and came away early, because a very seductive young sylph, or water-nymph, who looked very much like what Lurley would have been had she put on nice crisp flowered muslin, and done up her back hair with a fuzzy pad, invited me to take a seat by her bewitching side in one of two boats tied together in a Siamese twin sort of arrange- ment, that were floating gently away down the stream to the soft music of the oars and the fresh voices of young girls singing German lieds and British ballads. This was, to use a strong but very graphic expression of Old Chaucer's "awefullie jollie"—in fact idyllic. But even the Idylls of the King don't last for ever, and I had to come down from my blissful sphere, and get out under the willows at the Botanical Gardens in order to make my way to the CATHOLIC PIC-NIC. —From Rhineland to Paddyland, almost at a step. Here the exiles of Erin were gathered in their might. The air was redolent with the dear old brogue, thousands of "Irishmen all in their glory were there," and of Irish girls too, with bewildering glances of their wicked dark "oies." Everything around smacked of the First Gim of the Say, even to the fine bull at the gate, which warned you to "beware of the emu, especially children." You may be sure there were preparations made for "leatherin' the flure," whether in step-dancing or in jigs, both of which were entered into with the proper Irish spirit of fun and divilment, but all in good humour, without a sign of even a tendency to the breaking of heads or the peace. There was one pair of ancles on the platform that ——, but never mind. I tore myself away, and went to see the rival nationality in all its splendour of kilts and tartans at the ST. ANDREW'S GATHERING at Emerald Hill, where again experienced a complete change of atmosphere. Everything now was Caledonian to the core. My ears were saluted even before crossing the railway by that sweet sound that betrays a Scotchman's presence as a mi-aaw does a cat's, and, like it, becomes so much more charming when distance lends enchantment to the drone. Of course, my beloved, you will know to which national instrument I allude. The dust, however, had in a great measure ren- dered me impervious even to the pipes, and I boldly marched in amang a hundred chiels clad in the garb of Old Gaul, and looking like mild editions of Rob Roy, or what you might fancy Sawney Bean would become after he had been subjected to a severe course of missionary treatment. There was a cominodius and solidly erected grand stand and enclosure for the sports, and there were several bothies where undeniable whuskey could be procured. At one of these a female Gaul presided, and she was true to her country's traditions. Outside, many of the men wore tartans: I found inside that her tongue was a tart-un too! I saw a variety of what are, I believe, called High- land sports, on the principle that they are tremendous labour for the sportsmen en- aged in them. Such seem to me to be "putting" the light stone, throwing the heavy hammer, and performing the High- land fling. I shouldn't myself call any of these sport if I had to do it. I heard "pipe music(!)" facetious dogs those Highlanders. I believe I saw a strathspey, but am not sure, not being perfectly cognizant of the species; but am quite sure about a pibroch and a sean-triubhas, both of which are very curious, being covered with hair about three feet long, and are only found wild in the remote fastnesses of the western Highlands, where they sometimes cause much mischief among the crops of rice and Indian corn. But "I maun stay na langer in bonnie Dundee," to use the idiom of the place; for I must rin awa' across the Yarra again to the ODD-FELLOWS-FESTIVAL, where I find myself back once more in my own loved land of Cockaigne. My foot is on my native dust; and my name's Smithson. The oddity of these fellows does not so much consist in their being mostly born in White- chapel (I look on that as an undeniably meritorious part of their conduct), but upon their choosing to bedeck themselves in a way that reminds me forcibly of My Lord in that fine old al fresco entertainment of Jack in the Green. Likewise in their ad- diction to riding in a machine called a "revolving circus," an eccentric arrange- ment of wooden horses, bestridden in the most graceful style by male and female Fellows, whose varying facial expressions as they whirl majestically round—from supercilious scorn to intense glee—is the funniest spectacle I witnessed all day. Be- yond this the amusement (?) comprised the exhibitions of a set of niggers, of gymnasts, of dancers, runners and walkers—all appear- ing to be of the merest amateur quality, and who certainly did not derive any extrinsic effect from the accessories provided for them. Du reste, sunshine blazed fiercely on the heads of the crowds, and my old enemy the dust reigned supreme. After a long and tiresome waiting for darkness to supervene, some fireworks were let off in the middle of a muddy pond, which reminded me strongly of the old well-remembered Surrey Zoologi- cal displays, by the entire absence of the brilliancy and ingenuity that used to dis- tinguish those pyrotechnic marvels. Rambled homewards through Richmond by the light of a young moon in the midst of a merry home-returning mob, among whom, although vinous influence was more or less apparent, there was not a single case observable calling for police interference. On my way, I noticed in a dismally dull, dark street a couple of imitation Chinese lanterns suspended on either side of a little gate; firom the interior was wafted a faint sound of music. Thinking there might be some undiscovered mine of fun going on within, I entered, and beheld a scene that didn't bring to mind an Arabian Nights' Entertainment by any means. As well as could be made out in the dim obscure that reigned around the place was a broken down nursery- ground, with little round tables stuck here and there, a couple of fiddlers, and about four ghosts gyrating in a melancholy way at the extreme end of a dreary platform, who had apparently been condemned to this penal exercise for sins done in their previous lifes. I soon quitted this scene of delirious excitement, and went home in a saddened and chastened spirit. The outcome of my day's observation was, on the whole, if old Brantome was justified in saying that in his day "les Anglois s'amusoient moult tristement," the same does not apply to their descendants in Victoria, for everybody seemed to be under the idea that they had had "real good times." I did not go to the University Cricket Match, from the physical impossibility of a man's "being in two places at onst, barrin' he's a bird;" but everyone knows how gloriously Sydney got licked. For a like reason I left many other places unvisited where holiday makers most do congregate; but there are a few blank pages still left in my note-book to be filled on a future "out." The long-peading dispute that has raged so fiercely at St. Kilda was aet length settled latelon Monday night, according to the will of the recog nised mjority, the famous "Finance Report, No. 6,'B;" on which Messrs. Tullett and Ldrd have bestowed so much fiery eloquence, having been adopted by a special resolution of which previous notice was given by Mr M'Nitughton. This has the effect of reducing very considerably the salary' of MIr. Sydney Smith, the surveyor, and displacing Mr. Wilkinson, the rate collector, altogether. i:is duties are to be perfornmed by Mr. Walter Wilson, the market inspector, at a small increase of hie present salary. Mr. Wilkinson will receive £i00 uo+is ae at coinpentsation, by another resolstiuol agreed to on the sasome night Sergeant Fardell cedes his: post of inspector.of ituisances to the receutly appointed clerik 'of works. Now tllet thees vexet qaestions are disposed of, we hope to see ai retursn io the order' and progress which ui?ed to distinguoish theu St. Kildn-Council. 