ADJOURNED INCJUEST. I Constablo Edward Grennan stated that he remem bered searching in the locality of tho Tangorin Mountain, about four years ago, for a missing per son called Mr. Charles. Began the search on the night of April 5, 1866, and continued until the 14th. During that time he was on one occasion in company with Johnson, Mooney, and others. They wore then in the neighbourhood of the Sandy Creek "Waterholes, Johnson said, " It is no- use searching, he will never turn up. Johnson's manner was then very uneasy, and witness called Mooney's attention to tho words he used. On a subséquent day witness asked Mooney why he was not _ out searching, when the latter replied, " What is the uso of searching after what Johnson said." One evening when witness was returning in company with Johnson, the latter remarked that it was very curious that Mr. Charles should have left a pound, just the very amount that would have to be paid for the gun. Between the time when tho search was discontinued on tho 14th April, 1866, and the 19th of tho same month, witness saw Johnson in front of his house. Johnson said in a very excited manner, "What's up." Witness replied, " Nothing." Johnson then said that whenever he saw any of those chaps (the police) ho thought there was something up. Mrs. Johnson then ' came out and interrupted the conversation, hy telling her husband to hurry with the corn, or he would be too late. Johnson said nothing for a while, but afterwards said that if a reward was offered Charles might perhaps turn up. In January, 1868, witness was collecting the "electoral roll and wont to Johnson's. Mrs. Johnson told witness that Charles had turned up in Ireland. One day during the search Johnson asked witness whether he had said that he had seen Charles's ghost on the night that he had slept in his (Johnson's) place. Witness told him not to mind such yarns. Whenever witness was talking M'ith Johnson on tho subject of Mr. Charles, Mrs. Johnson always interfered, and seemed to try to break off the conversation. Tho Bev. W. K. Colyer then deposed that ho was head-master of tho West Maitland grammar school. About four years and a-half ago he had an assistant teacher in the school named Kobort Charles, who was recommended to witness by tho Rev. Thomas Smith, of Sydney. Charles came up to Maitland in December, 1865. Ho told witness that ho had Borne friends at Stanhope, and as it was the Christmas holidays, witness gave him permission to go and spend some timo with them. On the Thursday before the Easter holidays Charles asked for permis sion to go out and visit his friends at Stanhope. Witness gave him permission, with the understand ing that he was to return on tho Monday evening, in order to roBume school duties on Easter Tuesday. On that Thursday night witness paid Charles tho balance duo to him on account of his salary, about £4. Charles did not come home on the Monday evening, nor on tho Tuesday, although witness anxiously expectod him. On Wednesday witness received a letter [Marked A] from Johnson, as follows :-" Stanhope, April 30th, 1868.-Dear Sir, I am sorry I have to inform you that Robert Charles went on Monday morning after breakfast with tho gun, and was not soon since. I ferd sorry for your inconvenience, as lie said lie was to return by Monday evening's train. - Your obedient servant, John Johnson." Witness reported the matter almost immediately to the police. During this week witness received tho following lotter (marked E) from Johnson :-" Sydney, June 29, 1870\. Dear Sir,-If I can trouble aj friend to look i after and let me know anything of importance that j wauld concern me or my family as the put {sic) very towards which the party were sore on mo. Thank God, he has come to light, ; it | I is a consolation to those that uphold for me and family. Robert Charles and me are first cousins. Mr. Colyer, bo so kind as to forward to me to (sic) any information or any inquiries that is made. 1 wish you to have to to me (sic) all things per taining to him. Tho gun is mine, for I gave Mr. Peebles 15s. worth of potatoes after I heard he asked . sergeant Kerrigan for the value of it. Mr. Colyer, please to i have all belonging to him sent to mo to Sydney. I would be up but my present situation I cannot get away as it appeared in Evening News, 28th Juno. Yours, John Johnson." Witness always believed Johnson innocent of anything like foul play in tho matter. Ile could not see any motive whatovor for foul play. Witness saw a paragraph in the Ensign newspaper, which stated that Mr. Charles had beeu heard of in California. Witness wont to the office of that paper, and found out that Mr. Thomas Ledsam had givon the information on which that paragraph was based. Mr. Charles was about twenty-one years old ; tho description of his appearance in tho Police Gazette (produced) is tolerably correct, excopt that witness would estimate Mr. Charles's height at five feet fivo inches, and not five feet BÍX incheB as stated in the Police Gazette. Dr. John Pierce then deposed : I do not think deceased could have shot himself and have afterwards thrown the gun away. Native dogs would haye been more likely to have dragged the body down hill than upwards. One arm bone was broken, but I could not say whether it was done before or after death. The debris on the rock, I think, indicates that the body had decomposed there. The rim of the hai was there also. The appearances on the skull could not have been produced by a charge of shot. They must have been produced by a bullet or some solid missile. I do not think the ramrod of the gun could have produced such appearances. , James Dean deposed that ho was not iu Maitland at the time when Mr. CharleB was missed ; he heard of it after he returned. He was then in ill-health, and ho wont to stay at Mr. Peebles's, at Stanhope, to recruit his health. While there he heard of tho missing man, the search, and the fact that strong suspicion rosted on Johnson. Witness had known Johnson previously. On ono occasion witness went to Johnson's house in company with Mr. Peeble's. Johnson pointed to the fireplace, and said it had been dug up at tho suggestion of Mr. Cracknell, but they found nothing. He also said that witness's flash brother- in-law (meaning Mr. John Tuck) had as much as told him to his face that he (Johnson) was tho murderer. Johnson said that ho (Mr. Tuck) might thank his stars that some one was with him when he said that, or he might have been one. Johnson then said that Charles must have gone away somewhere and shot himself. Wit ness asked if he meant that he had shot himself by suicide or by misadventure, and his reasons. Wit ness pointed out how unlikely it was that a young man with a situation to go to, and a watch and a pound in his pocket, should commit suicide. John son said that Charles might have ' run away, but he thoup-ht he was comfortable enough with Mr. Colyer, and he had not heard him make any com plaints. Witness asked what motive could people suppose ho (Johnson) could have for killing Charles. Johnson replied, ''None whatever; what was a pound or tho watch to him ?" Witness then asked why the people of Stanhope had such a down upon him ? Johnson said it was because ho had not given timely information to tho polico ; but he said, how could ho, when ho had been out searching in the bush for two days with Fred Jones, and that Jones had then advised him to go and give information to the police. Witness then expressed a conviction that tho man he had seen on the Clarence River was Charles, and offered to write. Johnson said it was of no use, as Charles would not bo found. Wit ness said you are living under the stigma of being a murderer, and when a friend offers to write to clear the matter up you throw cold water upon it." Witness then said ho would write for his own satisfaction. Johnson said ho could do so if ho liked. John Johnson deposed : I was a farmer, residing at Stanhope, some four years ago. I knew Robert Charles. He was my first cousin. I did not know him until he made himself known to mo, in tho early part of November, 1865. I supplied him with a horse, saddlo, and bridle, and ls. to pay the toll-bar, when he wont in to see Mr. Colyer. In January, 1866 I saw him as far as Mr. Colyer's house, and saw him go in. I saw him again some BÍX or seven weeks afterwards. Ho came to my placo on a Saturday evening, I believe, and stopped till tho fol- j lowing Monday. He then wont back by tho train. I did not see him again before Easter, but I got a letter to say he would bo up to see mo. The next time I saw him was on the Thursday evening before Good Friday. On tho Good Friday I believe Charles "was reading all day, and I was at my ordinary work. On tho Saturday ho went out shooting. On the Sunday we did not go to church, nor did Charles go out to seo tho neighbours that I know of. Ho was in all day as far as I know. He Baid he had to leave for Maitland by the after noon train on Monday. In order to catch that train he would havo to leave my house about twelve or one o'clock. I was stirring that morning about six o'clock. He wont out shooting with his gun before breakfast. The family had their breakfast about eight o'clock. Charles* was not in then, but ho came in afterwards, and had his breakfust by himself. Ho was a very short time over his breakfast, and I then saw him take the gun and go away. He was dressed in a dark brown coat, and dark doeskin trousers. ¡ Ho was generally dressed in dark clothes. I won dered that he did not take his waistcoat with him. I was working at somo bullock-yokes. As he passed mo ho said, " If you wero in Iroland, John, what would thatpiecoof wood costyou?' Isaid, "Fivoorsix shillings.'' He said, "Hore you can go and cut it for nothing." I was working all tho morning in front of the houso at tho bullock-yokes. He did not work with me at ali that morning. I was splitting that morning about half-past nine, but not earlier. I do not suppose that a person ut Parkins's place could have thought there wore two persons when there was only one. Tho only person who assisted me that morning was my son Thomns. I was splitting slabs all tho rest of tho day. When Charles passed me after Breakfast ho took a northerly direction. Ho appeared to go up towards Tangorin Mountain. The road {ho took was about thirty or forty rods from Mrs. Parkins's house. Mrs. Parkins's house is not a quarter of a mile from my place. I never told any one in this inquiry that I saw him go beyond Mrs. ParkinB'B. I never said I saw him go any other way than up thia road. I said so to sergeant Kerrigan, constable Leonard, and soma gentlemen from Maitland. I was always anxious to alford every information to tho parties searching for Mr. Charles. In order to got his dinner and go by the train Mr. Charles should have been back by twelve o'clock that morning. Ile did not como back then, nor did bo come baok that night. He said he wanted to bo in Maitland by the evening train in order to seo some friend, as tho school would open . on the Tuesday morning. I first began to think he was lost on the Tuesday morning. I wont ovo? to ltookli (Te's place, and told Mr. lîookliffo that Robert Charles went out on tho Monday morning and had not returned. I said if ho was going out shooting I would go along with him. He asked if I was taking it so cool as that. I might have said I was sorry to go to raise such a hubbub about nothing. I Baid that as he and Borland wore making ono party, I would go round and make a search at Glendon B ook. I might have told Mr. Rockliffe that ho might call the neighbours together, but I would not. I said that I did not think it was any uso looking for him if ho could not mako his way out of the bush, for somo day when he (Rockliffe) or some ono else were going after cattlo thoy would como across his bonos. Why I mado that remark was because one day Charles said ho wished ho knew a placo whore he could go where no ono would ever see him, for he was tired of this weary lifo. I swear positively he used those words. I did not give this information before, becauso I did not think it was required. There was no one else presont when ho made use of thoso words. We were in my own paddock at the time. I was out searohing on tho Wednesday. I came into Maitland on the Thurs day morning, having called on Mr. Harris, at Branx ton, on my way. I wont to soe whether he had any information, or if he know whether I could get a black tracker in Maitland. I was out on one occa sion on Tangorin Mountain with constable Gronnan and Mr. Mooney. I may have Baid it was no-use looking, for he will never turn up, but I do not recollect using thoso words. On E ster Sunday evening I was talking with Charles but wo had no quarrol. Charles was talking about a church, and about the rector of the parish of Kildress, Ireland. Charles said that he (tho rector) wos no clergyman. I said shame on him to say so. Charlos said he (the rector) Bhould have received him (Charles) better when ho called upon him for references when ho was going out to New Zealand. Charles said, " He (the rector) knew my father and mothor very well, hut it is the rottenness of tho church. When he said that the wife callod mo away. I thought Charles waB weak in his mind for Baying such things. There WOB no furthor quarrol between us. The reason I would not agree that Rockliffe should call tho neighbours to aearch for Charles was, because I was unable to recompense them for search ing. I know constable Grennan, hut I am not quito sure I should know him ont of his uniform. Grennan was collecting tho electoral roll in 1866. He came to my place, and something wns said botween us as to the remains of tho missing man not turning up. Grennan came to my place soon after tho search was given up. I might have spokon to him in an excited state, nnd I might have said that whenever I saw any of thoso chaps I wondered what was up. I do not rocolloct what was said on that occasion. On tho Monday when Mr. Charles was missing, and on that part of tho Tuesday, ! was at my regular work. I was not out searching on thoso two days. I did not soo Jones until tho Wed nesday. I did not toll Harris that I had boon searching on Monday and Tuesday in company with Jones. I know Mr. James Dean. Ho was at Peebles's somo timo after Mr. Charles was missed. I had some conversation with Dean about Charles. I told Dean that tho neighbours blamed me becauso I did not give information earlier. I did- not tell Mr. Dean that I was out on the Monday and Tues day with Jones. I know Henry Gurr. Ho assisted in searching for Charles, and he afterwards wont up the country. I remombor Gurr asking1 mo whethor I had any word of my friend. I told him I had not. I did not tell Gun- that I had heard from a friend in California that Mr. Charles was there all right. I know the Sandy Waterholo Creek. I have been up there some fifty times since Mr. Charles was lost. I was never in the bed of tho creek before Mr. Charles was lost, but I often went up tho ridges on each sido of the creek. I wont thoro afterwards because I thought it was there his remains would bo found. I always fanciod that Charles had committed suicide I took a lively interest in looking for him oven after the search was concluded. Whon Charles came to my place on tho Thursday ho brought with him somo powder, shot, and caps. I always used to keep that gun in my placo. I had no othor fire arms whatever. I had no ballots in tho placo. I never fired a bullet but onco sinco I waB in tho colony, and that was in 1855 or 1856. I never wont out snooting with bill. I look at tho powder-flask produced, and I do not remombor evor seeing it before. I look at tho cap box produced. I remem ber that-it was my own property, lt was that, or ono like that, Mr. Charlos had with him when ho went out shooting. Charles had a particular way of walking. Ho leaned on the insido of tho heels of his boots. I look at tho solo produced, and I think if it had belongod to Charles it would have gono down moro at the ßido of tho heol. I look at the Íihotograph produced. It resembles my cousin. I ook at the skull produced. I cannot tell whether it would . bo like tho skull of Mr. Charles. -His hoad was a vory peculiar ono. I have read a book called "Eugeno Aram.1' It often occurred to mo that Charles waB as likely to meet his death by starvation as by any other way, but I thought ho had committed suicide for tho reason I havo betoro given, and becauso somo of his fumily woro that way inclined. Neither my wife nor any of the family had any quarrel with Charles. I ncvor told tho polioo I did not know which way Charles went. I waB very poor when I lived eut there. The reason I wanted a bullet to shoot Thunderbolt if he came was because I had a horse to lose. I wanted a bullet to fit tho gun, and I did not particularly want it to shoot Thunderbolt. I never mentioned tho conversation about the Buicido before to-night. I never spoko of it, although I now see that it is important. I fi wear I never asked Grennan if lie had seen Charles's ghost. I believe I was in the hut all Enetor Sunday. I never har boured Thunderbolt at my placo. I have,hoard that ho used to go to, other houses further up tho creek. At this point theyinquesi was further adjourned. 