THE ELECTIONS. THE political aspect for the mouth lias considerably altered during the past fortnight. It was vehemently asserted by the Opposition that the Ministry had not the ghost of a chance in the proposed elections,—that the colony was asked to vote upon the one and only question at issue, whether the present Ministry should retain office or not? As far as the response has been given it is decidedly in favour of the " ayes," and the supposed violent indignation that would burst forth in the mere announcement of the Ministry offering themselves has in reality vanished into thin air. At the beginning of the campaign the Attorney-General was received by the electors of West Torrens with every mark of disapprobation, and yet, by some unexplained cause, and by some subtle influence, he, on the day of election, headed the poll! The Commissioner of Crown Lands was equally victorious, and the Treasurer was received with open arms. It might be an interesting philosophical speculation to enquire, on what principles of common sense, or ordinary calculation, so large a number of " Hindmarsh Bricks" were converted from roaring lions to meek and gentle doves ! Has ever Revivalist had such a triumph ? And yet Strangways has neither the style, the look, nor the manner of an enthusiast. Yet of all substances, the Brick became dough ! and the persecuted became the sainted —split votes became plumpers. Going into Hindmarsh as one of the greatest political sinners, he left it all glorious and radiant—the fatted calf killed, and the converted electors sitting down, clothed, and in their right mind ! As this " metanoite" could not have been the result of eloquence or enthusiasm, to what, must it be traced '? We surmise to benevolence. We know what sympathy effects—perhaps the sympathy for orphans and orphanages, and a tenderness for the forlorn state of the little ones—if so, this would certainly create gratitude, even in stones, much less in bricks! From a strict analysis of this unheard-of fact—of the sudden conversion of a large constituency, from absolute hate to absolute plumpers—we can arrive at no other conclusion than that it must be Attributed to political philanthropy, •jviiich we know, in this exceptional case, is both Catholic, and particular. The moral is—" There are more things in politics than are dreamt of in your philosophy/' O, simpleton! While the Attorney- General thus excelled as a polSi&CAl; missionary, his brother minister, Treasurer, was received at the Port with every mark of dislike—not because he was a minister, but because he was Henry Kent Hughes—and though the Wallaroo schism put him in, had the Port district been separated from Wallaroo, as it soon will be, Hughes would not have had the remotest chance. The new Parliament will contain some thorough new blood; several of the old and tried veterans are rejected. It appeared as if the people had got tired of the same faces, with the same ideas. They wanted new ideas and new men, and this perhaps is fair enough. The colony is growing and expanding, and we want men equal to the occasion. Hitherto it has been one pound per acre, and no railways. The new platform is, cheap land, and rail and tramways, liberal mineral laws, and a desire to foster native industries. The old regime produced fat sheep farmers, wealthy land sharks, prosperous agents, aristocratic absentees. This has had its day. The new regime will cause wealth to be more equally distributed, populate the lands, open up the mineral resources of the colony, and bring Government expenditure within reasonable limits. 