LAUNUIESTON EXAM I NER SAT''URDAY, MARCHI 5, 1870. TnE Scab Act came into force on the first day of the current month. Ex perience will of course prove whether the results of its operations will be berio ficial or otherwise. Opinions on this point are at present divided, though the majority of fiockownors and others interested appear to be decidedly adverse to the measure and predict that it will act very injuriously-in fact, that if strictly carried out it will be the ruin of many, especially those possessing rough runs. For our own part we never approved of the measure. In our opinion a Dipping Act, which could be simply and cer tainly worked would have been suf ficient to eradicate scab without operating harshly or oppressively. As a consequence of the adoption of this Scab Act, we have a new official, Mr James Whyto, M.L.C. having been appointed Chief Inspector; and though his appoint: mont has not yet been officially gazotted, we presume he has already entered upon his duties, or at any rate his salary of £700 ayear has commenced. The appoint ment of Sub-inspectors in the several districts will no doubt follow, and this expenditure will help to swell the esti mates, perhaps without producing much corresponding good. Mr. Whyte has lately been on a visit to his constituents, and at Sorell has been entertained to a complimentary dinner; but his acceptance of the new office and his connection with the passing of the Scab Act, as well as the Act itself, do not seem to have met the approval of all, and the feast did not pass off so harmoniously as he and his friends doubtless could have desired. He evidently considered some oxplanation was due from him, and he accordingly gave one at some length. He scouted the proposition that he should retire from Parliament if he undertook the administration of the Act, thereby becoming a government officer, andgaveas his reason thatno action of the Legislative Council (of which he is a member) can make or unmake a ministry -which simply means that the Upper House is not a political body, and conse quently possesses no political functions I -a strange assertion truly coming from a man who has held the position of Premier, and has been a member of that branch of the Legislature for some years. But this miserable apology was uttered on a postpraudial occasion, and perhaps the speaker thought his audience would swallow it as easily as they had the viands and liquors which had previously disappeared from the well appointed tables; though it was paying a sorry compliment to the Upper House, if not actually expressing' certain amount of contompt for it. But the position taken v up by Mr. Whyto is utterly untenable; t or how is it that no money bill can be passed'without the assent of the Council, E no expenditure be ordered l y vote of t Parliament without its concurrence, and I that by the withholding of its assent in 1 such cases, and by its adverse votes it has been known to cause Ministries to succumb? It is not very long since in Victoria the Upper House stood out against both the Minis try and a majority of the Lower House. How then can it be argued for one mo ment that the Legislative Council has no political functions ? The fact is the Upper House is a distinct representative institution, and has powers co- ordinate in all respects with those of the As sombly. But the more serious question is whether a government officer, as Mr. Whyte now is, should be permitted to have a senat in the legislature'? We think not. Such a proceeding is calou. lated to lead to a system of corruption, and even taking a milder view of the case, it must destroy the independence of such members. All that an unprincipled administration would have to do in order to retain office would be to provide snug billets for opponents, who would thence forward become slaves and voting machines ready to obey their masters' behests at all times. As Mr. Hodgson, M.H.A., said at the dinner:-" He protested against the office being held by Ia representative in Parliament, who ought to be independent, as he believed it was opening the door to what 'would be ultimately the destruction of free institutions. (Hear, hear.) * : * * *. For Government officials to have seats in the House without ministerial responsibility would lead to corruption; all Governments were inclined to be des potic, it was in the nature of men to be so, and to allow the paid servants of the Crown to sit in the House, would not be safe. Suppose Mr. Forster, the Inspector of Police, could get a constituency, would I it be right for him to do so ? and if right, why not lot Mr. Tarleton occupy a similar position? Some years ago, the question was raised in the case of Mr. Tarleton, and he was told he must either relinquish office, or refuse to be elected member. * * * * He (Mr. Hodgson) protested against Mr. Whyte or any one else in that postion sitting as a representative in Parliament. If it were his own brother he (Mr.'Hodgson) would protest against it. (oear, hear.) With regard to the Scab Act, and a Dipping Act, he agreed thatit was necessary there should be a Dipping Act, which, if carried out properly, would be beneficial. But he did say Mr. Whyte would have his hands full enough with out being a representative in Parliamonti He (Mr. Hodgson) had no ill-feeling, no personal feeling against Mr. Whyte; but for a man of his intelligence to attempt to come there before a constituency (Loud cries of ' Hoe's done right,' and counter cries of 'Shut up'). He could only say-(renewed noise)." And hero the speaker was obliged to desist. Truth is frequently unpalatable, but when Mr. Whyto presents himself for re-election, as he will have to do, it is to be hoped a good man will be found to oppose him, and that the bulk of electors will be found of Mr. Hodgson's opinion. We have not space to pursue the subject any further, but would remark thatit would have been in better taste and better in every way, had the Executive on confer ring the appointment of Scab Inspector on Mr. Whyte followed the example of Mr. now Sir Francis Smith with reference to Mr. Tarleton, and intimated that the holding of a government ap pointment (not a political office) was in compatible with the position of a repre sentative of the people. ONE of the most stupid Acts that ever was passed is 27 Victorism, No. 10-" An Act to consolidate and amend the legislative enactments concerning offonces relating to coin." If provisions had been made to call in all the defaced coin and to sub stitute silver fresh from the mint no one would have objected. But the effect of the Act is simplyto entail a loss on last holders of worn sixpences, shillings, crowns, and half-crowns, and to create F disputes and difficulties in every monetary transaction of specie without the ghost of an equivalent benefit. It appears to t us that some fool had found out that al similar naohad been passed in England, and forthwith copied it for application in entirely different circumstances. As the I public and the press have no opportunity of examiningbills till they have passed the second reading, no check can be given to inconsiderate and vicious legis lation. Both the copper and silver coins are mere counters; neither are intrinsi- t cally worth what they represent. But as s copper is only a legal tender to the a extent of twelve pence, and silver only a legal tender to the extent of forty shil- 1 lings, no harm could accrue to any one s by the circulation of worn coin. In early days shopkeepers and othersissued notes t for shillings, and for a time they were used as the means of effecting exchanges I without detriment to any, but with advan tage to all. Then came the reign of dollars and rupees, and these were super seded by British coin. Perhaps our readers would like to be reminded of the particulars of British coinage. Eleven parts of fine gold, and one part of copper alloy, constituting twelve ounces or one pound troy, is divided into 46 , sove reigns. Twelve ounces of standard silver contains lloz. 2dwts. of pure silver, and 18dwts. of alloy, which is coined into 66 shillings, and leaves a seignorage of five shillings on the pound troy. The late copper coinage was issued from the mint at the rate of £224 per ton, the market price of which was £72 per ton by latest accounts; and the bronze pennies and half-pennies recently issued are of even less value. The best thing that can be done until an arrangement is made by government to supply new for old coin is to repeal 27 Vict., No. 10, with an apology from its promoter. THE CAMPBELL TOWN election is.not to pass off so quietly as anticipated after all. SDMr. Laudale retired in favor of Mr. KI each, the Warden for Ross, and a walk r over for the latter gentleman was confi dently predicted. But through the per sistency of Mr. A. AM. Johnson, who can not have the ghost of a chance if the electors do their duty, the country will be put to the expense of a contested election. Some men are irrepressible, and Mr. Johnson 'appears to be one of that number. o' MORE SMASUES I Four extensive in 3 solvencies are inentioned in our Mel Sbourne telegram, and amongst them a large milling and squatting firm. The fact is, there is a good deal of what is unsound in business in Victoria. A sys temr of long, credits and accommodation 1 bills is too much in vogue. The banks are beginning to realise the position of affairs, and to put on the screw. The consequences may be anticipated. 