A COUNTY FAMILY. "CHAPTER XXVI. ANTHONY MAKES niS CIIOICE. Yes, the Squire was right. From the mere association of ideas, perhaps, or because it really seemed as safe a placo of concealment as any in the house, he had hidden his will -Demnci tno lamiiy tree ; and it bad beon only ithat very day, nay, within a few hours, and by the merest accident, that William had found it there. If he had only taken it and put it somewhere else, as he would how havo done, could Stanhope even for a minute havo been got out of the room ; or if at first ho had thrown it behind the fire, as he had "thought of doing, but had been afraid to do ; or 'if (this meddlesome fellow, that he had always thought he hated, but whom, by com parison with his present vehoinenco of abhor rence, he must have almost liked, had not eome hither upon his fool's errand 1 These bitter and vain regrets — the knpwlodge of what lie might have gained, and of what ho might now Ioso — came in upon William Blackburn, wave after wave, and woll nigh choked him. But he was not going to throw up his hand and forfeit such a stako while there .was a card left to play. If Stanhope should once mako certain it was the will, the destruction of it hereafter would bo a perilous risk indeed ; but at present lie had only expressed an expectation of it, which was, however, also a suspicion ; for ho kept the hand that hold the document behind him, just as though ho (thought a snateh might have .been made at it — which without-doubt he did. "I don't know what that paper is of which you havo possessed yourself,'' observed William doggedly, " but I know that it is of a private naturo — something my father does not wish to bo fingered and pried into by strangers such as you ; I know that." "Your sense of dolicacy is more acute than I should hgvo given you credit fop " rejoined Stanhope coolly, "but it is in this case unnecessarily alarmed. I am about to carry this document which, as I believe, is tlio one ho has been asking for, to your father himself." "The one he has been asking for? — and he without speech or motion ? No, sir ; I cannot permit this outrage, and I will not. Yon have taken upon yourself already more than most men would have stood in thpir own house ; but there are limits, you must understand." "I am doing nothing of myself, Mr. Blackburn," said the other com posed!, " but only obeying", I do assure you, your sick father. Ho has contrived, by Miss Ellen's help, to mako his wishes known." " 13y Miss Ellen's help ! Yos, you and smooth Miss Ellen would grasp all. Oh, I know you both ! " " You cannot put tno in a passion, sir, just now ; but if I had any doubt whother this thing here was your father's will or not, your conduct has resolved it. — Am I to under stand, by your standing withyour back against that door, tlint you refuse to let mo pass ? " " I do : I will." " You have ail ugly look, William Blackburn, and you are feoling in your pocket for a knife ; but I am not so much in love with life as to kcop it at the price of the fear of a man like you. ' Nay, if you wore fifty men with fifty knivos, it would be all the same." "Ah! say you so." "And T mean it too." "And I mean something, Herbert Stanhope. I am a desperate man." "I well know that. I have not forgotten, though I havo not repeated it, the word I heard your father speak in the same room when I came in at yonder window. He called you ' Murderer.' — You smile contemptuously, and, indeed, I woll believo that you never committed murder. But you have within you what goes to make a manslayor. You are thinking even now — not ' Shall I stab this man as he conies on ? ' but, ' Shall I hang for it ?'" "Now, look yon," said William, with his hands outspread, at least as much to show they had no wenpon as to fit his words with their appropriate action, " tliei'o is no need to fight about the matter. The case is simply this ; I do not credit what you say. I decline to believe that my father wished to deliver his most privato papers into your custody, unless I have some better warranty. Put" that thing back, and fetch my mother, and I will abide by what she says." "I ngree to that — at least," added Stanhope, seeing a gleam of triumph in the other's face, " you must fetch her, for I will not part with this, o>» lf>nro wrm nlnnn Ttrifh if fnv o citif-drx second. I see now why your father wants to have it in his own keeping, safe from accidents; a will, under certain circumstances, being like a child that must not be loft in a room with a fire in it." Mr. William answered nothing to this in sinuation, which, perhaps, as a vile personality, ho know how to despise; but, throwing tho door open, he called 'Mother, mother ! ' in a loud and angry voice. Mrs. Blackburn came down stairs with fingers on her lip. "Hush, hush!" she whispered; "your father is dozing again, Willy; I havo sent them all away but Ellen." "Is it your wish, mother, that Mr. Stanhope hero should tako my placo in this house, oven to the guardianship of my father's private papers?" "Nay, Mrs. Black burn," interposed the other, " that is not tho point at issue. Your husband has desired, as you know, to havo brought to liira a certain document" "Yes, yes; the pedigree yonder. — That is quite right, Willy, dear. But it can wait, for I am sure that, more than pedigree or anything, ho needs just now rest." "Tho pedigree — do you hoar ?" cried William exultingly. "Yet this man would have persuaded mo it was something else ray father wanted — something that he holds in his hand behind him, look you, like a thief." "Yes, madam, it is your husband's will," said Stanhope with dignity. "I will willingly commit it to your charge, to bo taken np to him straightway, while your son stops here." "But not if Ellen is there," said William obstinately. "She would stick at nothing — she and those who abet her. — Do you keep it, mother ; that, I suppose, will satisfy even this gentleman." " Dear Mrs. Blackburn," said Stanhope with respectful earnestness, " what ever pain this most unseemly discussion causos you, believo me it is none of my seeking. You kuow as well as I do what your husband has beon so anxious to possess ; woll, I havo got it here. Lot himself decide into whose keeping he will havo it placed. Do you inquire of him, since Mr. William here distrusts his niece " — " and as Mr. Stan hope here distrusts you, mother," interrupted William. "That is not true, sir, as you are well aware," said Stanhope firmly. "I have the utmost l-egard for Mrs. Blackburn ; yet I am prepared in this matter to stand under her misjudgment, and even her displeasure. As for you, sir, you well know what I could say, and what I havo left unsaid, with resnect to your mother and your influence over her ; and unless upon your father's express com mandment, I will not give up tho will." " Dear me, dear me," cried Mrs. Blackburn, looking from one to tho other in much perplexity. " What a caddlo is this all about a piece of paper. As to ranking my poor husband understand with tho alphabet and things, it is only Ellen who can do it." "And I'm not going to trust to Miss Ellen's version of the matter," said William doggedly. " Pardon mo, Mrs. Blackburn," observed Stanhope, "but if you will kindly come up with me, I am sure that I can make plain to you your husband's wishes. Miss Ellen need not be there at all. — Come, sir ; you may surely entrust yourself and your interests to your mother's hands." Mr. William was understood to allow this much, though not without a growl or two of objection ; ho saw that Stanhope was not to be moved. "I suppose this story will be all over the placo to-morrow ? " said ho surlily ; "our family affairs being public property." " Nay, Willy," exclaimed Mrs. Blackburn ; " I am suro you do Mr. Stanhopo wrong ; what ever unhappy differences may exist botween your father and you, I am convinced this gentleman has never helped to spread them, and will not do so now." "Indeed, madam, you are right," said Stanhopo haughtily ; " 1 am no tale-bearer ; and as for this particular affair, tho sequel, howevor it may chance to end, shall nevor pass my lips." "That looks fair enough," assented William, in his niggard fashion. — "Now, do you got Miss Ellon away, mother, and lot us kuow what is father's fancy about this will — unless, as is most likely, ho has forgotten all about it in tho meantime." Then Mrs. Blackburn went up-stairs to insist upon taking Ellen's place in the sick-room us she had often done before, while her grand- daughtei took exercise or recreation with Lucy. " There now, you have got it your own way, Stanhope," said William Blackburn, as soon as they were" alone. " So mind and hold your tongue whatever happens. And I say J hope you'll behave honorable, and give a follow a chance. Just put it to the governor whether it isn't only right and fair that his son should have the keeping of his papers and things, and not anybody else. And don't suggest Waller's name, nor Moffatt's — do you understand 1 Be cause, you s'-'O, I shan't be there to look after my own interests." " I will represent the matter as you wish," said Stanhopo quietly. " I have no other aim tliau to have justice done : but your father cannot be troubled by much talking ; he can scarcely keep his atten tion even to one thing," Tho door was gently opened, and Mi's. Blackburn appeared, with beckoning finger. He is alone," she whispered, " and awake. I have sent Ellen away, and you must not lot her hear you come up stairs." Stanhope nodded, and followed his hostess to the sick room, which they entered softly, leaving the door ajar. " I havo brought you, i\lr. Black burn, what I believe you have been inquiring for," said Stanhopo, seating hiinsell\ by the pillow, and speaking in low but very distinct tones. " Ts not this your will 1" A look of grateful pleasure overspread the worn white features, and the joyful eyes glancpd from Stanhope's face, to the paper which ho held in his hand and back again with earnest approval. "Why, lie wants you to read it, Mr. Stanhope, that's what lie wants 1 " exclaimed Mrs. Black burn involuntarily. Such was the sick man's wish as Stanhopo saw, but he only smiled and shook his head. "No, sir," said he softly, " I will not read it ; but I am come hero to place it in whomsoevor's hands you may please to wish." Again tho eyes glanced earnestly from the will to Stanhope, from Stanhope to the will. " He wishes you to keep it, Mr. Herbert," said Mrs. Blackburn sighing, " and I am suro, although I might have wished his confidence to bo placed elsewhere, there can ho no objection." " There are three other persons who have a more natural right to such a trust,", said Stanhope, "and it is only proper that should be made plain." " Do not mention my poor Willy," sobbed Mrs. Blackburn ; " it is no use, I know : I am quite content that you should keep it. And oh, it puts him out so to speak of Willy." But Stanhopo, mindful of his promise, went on unmoved : " There is your wife, sir — your true and tender wifo — would you not wish that she should keep the will ? " Tho Squiro's eyes shut fast. You might have thought that he was a man laid out for dead. " There, sir, jwu iuo iiu uoui Aiu uuua nun >yiau iuu tu have it," sighed tho old lady. " And yet you might havo trusted me, dear Anthony." The Squire lookod at her tenderly enough, and even gratefully ; so much so, that once more tho question was put : " Do you wish your wifo to keep it ? " " No ; most certainly no." " And Miss Ellen, sir ? " Would you not wish your grand-daughter to have the keeping of it ? " For one instant there was indecision — a mere quivering of tho eyelids ; but tho next they were shut closB and rigid as before. " No, not Ellen." "Oh, why did you trouble him thus, and torture me, dear Mr. Stanhopo ? I know that he moans you to keep the will." " Nevertheless, doar Mrs. Blackburn, I must put one more question. There is another person yet, sir, to bo mentioned, who has a strouger claim than any to your confidence. I beg of you to put nside all bittor memories in answering now ; to forget the past, and, so far as it is possible, to be hopeful of tho future. Do you wish this paper to be taken charge of by your son, William Blackburn 1" Tho eyes did not close now ; they opened wide ; they shot — each glance was an arrow tipped with flame — unspeakablo disgust and horror. " Oh, but this is terrible ! " cried Mrs. Blackbnrn. " Great Heaven 1 what is it that he sees?" Slio turned her gaze, whither Stanhope's was already turned, to the wall op posite tho foot of the bed, on which had been hung a mirror, so that tho sick man should have the window's out-door sights presented to him. Tho homo-lying fields that he was nevor to tread again, the (lying clouds, tho life aud motion of the flocks and herds, were dear, it was thought to liim, chained to his pillow. "Isoo nothing, Mr. Stanhopo. Do you ? " " No, madam, nothing." " Then, pray, put no more questions to dear Anthony, for you see they havo half driven him wild, afi'd take away that droadl'ul paper, and send Ellon. Ho is quiet again now, thank God ! " Stanhope had seen something, though but for a momont's spaco. Bosides tho window, was mirrored in the samo glass the door, and at it, half opened, ho had caught William's prying face, there doubtless to see that faith was kept with him. One glance, such as wo have seen, had Anthony bestowed upon his son, and then tho latter had turned and fled down-stairs, noiseless, with stockinged feet. So haggard and awo-striekon had been his answering glance that Stanhope felt a sort of pity for this wretched spy, thus shamefully detected. The thought flashed through him : "Bad as the fellow is, may not hisfathor havo judged him somewhat too harshly, to cast at him, from what may bo his death-bed, such aversion and distrust as this ? And was there not something in William's sullen face, which, though not innocence, seemed really to bo a sense of wrong ? " As for tho base suspicion of himself, implied tiy tho espial, that was only natural to such a man, aud Stanhopo determined not to tax him with it.' Tho will was safe in his own keeping, and so far ho conld afford to bo generous to the other, foiled. "Well, and who is to have it?" inquired William presently in tho room below, with a would-be air of curiosity, as though ho had not alroady received his answer at first hand, and yet with a certain spite in his tone that belied it. "Not mo, I'll warrant." "No, sir; as Mrs. Blackburn will inform you, if my word is not sufficient. Your father has re quested mo to tako charge of this document ; and you may depend upon it," he added, with a significant glance, " that this tirno it will bo put out of harm's way." CHAPTER XXVir. — .MRS. IH.ACKI1URN SEES A GHOST. The winter was over and gone, and still tho groat Blackburn vault remained without the prey for which, in all men's eyes, it seemed to have yawned so long. The Squire was yet alivo ; and oven, as tho wise doctors said, who had come again from town to visit him, better — at all ovents, less restless and discomposed. They had recommondod change of air — re moval to some convenient distance ; aud it was in contemplation, when the days grew warmer, to transport tho invalid to that shel tered cottage on tho Curlew of which Ave have alroady spoken. There ayrs no moro ehanco of his recovery than of Fisherman Richard, avIio had built tho placo, coming back to claim his OAvn again. But there was so far an im provement in tho sick man's state that it. was noAV wholly passi\e : there Avere no more yearning glances, dumb appeals. He had nover suffered bodily pain, and now his mind seemed still and quiet as his limbs. None but his wife and son, aud Stanhopo, guessed the cause. Even Ellon, seeing his eyes often fixod upon tho pedigroo (Avliich had been transferred from the old placo to his chamber wall), be lieved that it was that Avhich so contented him. Ho srav tho soason change in tho groat mirror — the snow dissolve, tho greon appear ; tho aAvakoning lifo of bud and branch — but with out pain or pleasure. Ho watched the familiar faces about his bod with the same listless look as ho gazed on the motes in the sunbeams. Heavon only knoAvs what ho thought. Wo Avho liA'o and move can scarcely picture how looks tho world to those who only havo their being in it. Tho outside folk — his friondsand neighbours — did not speculate upon that matter, but counted him for dead already, except that they did not call upon tho family with " kind inquiries." Even to those about him it sometimes seemed so. Tho prayers which Ellon nover omitted to read to him, night and morning, fell on deaf oars, and might liaA'o been the service of the dead. Wil liam, though ho woll knoAV ho was not the heir, began to exorcise the rights of heirship, and rode and strode about his fathor's lands as though they were his own ; and Avhothor ho rode or strode, a " beggar on horseback " Avas what tho people called him. Mere power, such as is neither influence nor authority, was very swoot to him, as it is to all brutal natures ; and he misused it soi'ely, And yot it angered him to know that he was hated. He was jonlmis of the respectful salutations with which Ellen was welcomed by the meanest hind, as she passed by ; ali'imgh all the village, and tho poorest most of all, had cause to likelier, as ho kneiv, and more or less had cause to dislike him. He was joalous of the kindliness Avith Avhicli Stanhope Avas universally regarded, not withstanding that tho young Squire of Curlew Hall had iiottho means to " do his duty by tho land," that is, by thoso avIio lived by it. ITo was jealous of the cheery looks Avhich Mr. Waller, ahvays chatty, ahvays gay, inspired. Ho Avas jealous, even though his rival in her. affections was in his gravo, with respect to Lucy ; and had had tho moaness, on some pretence, to get dismissed a gardener Avliom ho had oa'orheard talking to her about "young Squire Richard as Avas dead and gono." He hated the county generally, partly bccauso his presence in the hunting-fiold had not been re ceived with enthusiasm by tho other rod-coats, and partly because lie had not beon inado a magistrate. ThoBlackburns had alwnysboon rmfc nnnn fchn hrmnli nq snnn nq fliov wopa nf legal age, and his father had had that respon sibility conforred upon him directly ho had suc ceeded to his inheritance. Why, then, was he left out in tho cold ? The cabal against him, it seemed, had notbeon confined to hisown home. It Avas ' curious Iioav this denial of tho mere insignia of respectability — sinco for the thing itself ho carod nothing — rankled in his mind. In reality, only there is nothing so unreason able as intense solfishnoss, William Blackburn had had every opportunity of "getting on" in tho neighbourhood afforded him. Couutryfolk aro tho last to judge men of their OAvn class upon their own morits, or lie would havo had small chance indeed ; scores of Avolcoraing hands had been held out to him, but in roturn he had only shown the cloven foot. His be haviour to his paronts, and especially to Lucy, Avas rosentod ; and besides, notwithstanding tho shortness of his sojourn at Redcombo, ho had openly moro than once shocked a by no means fastidious public opinion. As to tho magistracy, Stanhopo, though the lord- lieutenant was personally knoAvn to him, had dcclinod point- blank to move in tho matter, and had oven expressed himself to be, " under tho circum stances, astonished at such a request." Mr. Waller (who Avould himself perhaps haA'e found a difficul ty in getting J.P. tacked to his name, had not M.P. beon there already) had recom mended patience, and hinted that there would bo a bettor chance of such promotion when he had formed soino matrimonial connection with a county family ; at Avhich William's brow darkened visibly, for reasons best known to himself. He had received a letter on tho very morning on which that romark Avas made, and had it then in his pocket, Avhich, besides its intrinsically unpleasant naturo, reminded him bittorly enough of how far off was that con summation of his hopes, his inarriago with Lucy Waller. This communication ran as follows : — My dear Mr. Bdackrurn, — T daresay you will scarcely romembor this handwriting ; aud yot it comes from one avIio is a sort of kin to you hero Mr. William Avinced and sAvoro a great oath, Soino men might tako it ill that you noA'er Avrote a lino to tell mo of my poor niece's doath ; but it is likely enough, not being an habitual correspondent of yours truly, you did not knoAV my address, which indeed is generally pretty changeable, as at present. If I had chanced to see the notice in tho Times, I should certainly have come, no matter what distance, to pay my last tributo of respect to your late Avife's memory here Mr. William ex pressed incredulity in the strongost languago, HoAvever, ns businoss is bringing me northward shortly, I will do myself tho ploasuro of just looking in at Blackburn Mnnor. It Avas only quite by chance, and Avithin tho last day or tivo, T heard of your luck. What a pity it is poor Bess nevor lived to soo it ! Richardson also joins with me in felicitations never did ' felicitated ' man Avear so incongruous a look as William Blackburn wore as ho road that word upon your position and prospects. Still, you must not forget old friends. — Yours aory sin cerely, John Dean. This unwelcome letter Avas no doubt inten tionally unfurnished with an address, so that Mr. William Blackburn Avas unable to indulge himself in what would haAo beon an immense roliof under the circumstances, tho sonding an appropriate reply by return of post. "Ho Avants money, this impudent scoundrol," ejacu lated William. " Ho and Richardson, they think to put tho sci-oav on, on account of that confoundod Chester businoss. But not ono penny of hush-money do they got out of mo. I had rathor they told the wholo story than not indoed, for it Avould sot mo I'rco of this felloAV Stanhope ; .lie Avould havo no hold upon me tlion, except that — curse him ! — ho has got that Avill in keeping. Ho took it to Curlow Hall that very day, I knoAV ho did. Yes, I must not break with him — just yot — Avhatever happons. — But why does this follow prato so much about Boss ? Ho uses her as a stalking- horse, of course. Ho darod not sIioav his face here but for that. And yet it is clear ho sus pects nothing. If ho only knoAV — why this man Avould bo a stono about my nock for all my days. I must see him, I suppose, sinco I cannot prevent his coming. But I will not gho him a shilling, not a sixpence — let him do his worst. I believe if he told all, that Wallor is so deeply dipped, that it would mako no difference iioav as regards Lucy. But Avliat is her father's consent, or oven hers, to mo " (and William Blackburn ground his teeth), " while there is that woman at Formosa 1" It ayus in vain for him to recapitulate what an out-of-tho-Avay placo Formosa was, and all tho arguments ho find so often usod Avith him self against tho probability of Boss turning up to trouble him. Tho a'ory thought of tho risk ho should incur, if he married while she avus alivo, brought tho perspiration out upon his forehead. It may bo judged Avhother this Avas a propitious morning for Mr. Wallor to hint to tho young Squiro that an eligible matrimonial connection Avns tho only thing to set himself right Avith-tho county and thelord- lieutonant. Another annoyance chancod to arrjA-ef tlint day from tho same source, nlthough a very different and quite unsubstantial kind ; but then annoyances aro ofton irksome in in verse proportion to tlioir substance. Just as he had contrived to put that letter of Uncle Dean, Avith tho bitter recollections it evoked, out of his mind, his mother, of all pooplo -in tho Avorld, must needs awaken thoin again. Slio find driven out Avith Lucy to "Tho Fishory," to giAo certain final directions tlicro for the reception of the family, and had como back, to uso her oavii expression, " much upset ; " by which she meant, not that she had beon frequently thrown out of tho carriage, but. Avas soriously indisposod. Porhaps, as Lucy suggested to Ellon, tho idea of leaving Redcombo under such sad circumstances, sinco it was out of all human probability that hor husband Avould be brought back thither — save to the churchyard — had overcomo her ; she had borne up wonderfully all day, hoAvevor, until on their road homo, Avlien she had givon Avay in a rather unexpected, and apparently uncalled-for mannor, in Redmoor fir-grove — " Just Avliere it is so steep, you know, that one ahvays gets out and Avalks ; your grandmother and I were walking, and sbe bado me go on at my oavii pace, sinco waiting for hor mado her nervous ; and although loath to loavo' hor, I did so ; but finding sho did not appoar Avithin a reasonable time, and since the coachman feared that tho horses, being lioatod, would catch cold Avaiting too long on thobroAV of tho hill, I Avent back to give Mrs. Blackburn my arm to help her up the steep. I found her loaniug against a tree, not out of breath, but very pale and trembling, and slio said some thing had givon hor a turn." " Ah, then I knoAV Avhat it Avas, Lucy," interrupted Ellen sadly ; "I can guess why that particular placo should affect poor doar grandmother ; it was in that very fir-grove, as she once told mo, that she and grandfather had a last intorvioAv with his mother. He Avas but a foAV Avooks married, theu a young and handsomo bridogroom ; and I daresay tho sudden recollection of him as ho then was, involuntarily contrasted itself in her mind Avith his present Avooful condition." "I think that must haAo beon it," assorted Lucy, " for she snid something I could not quite- un derstand about a Avartiing and your poor grandfather. I am suro it is a miracle to mo that Mrs. Blackburn gives Avay so seldom, con sidering hor trials." Indoed, tho stout old lady, notwithstanding that tenderness of her heart, which ovincod itself in such culpable Aveakncss Avith respect- to her son, Avas by no means easily cast doAvn, but went about licr household dutios bravoly, and nursed tho sick man in true Avifely fashion night and day; tho only ono about hirn avIio in her heart of hearts had had oven until iioav some liopo of him yet. She \aas one of those who have faith in tho doctor whilo ho prophe sies smooth things, but avIiou ho shakes his head, comfort thouiselvos Avith a " Well, Avell, scienco is often mistaken, and after all avo are in God's hands ;" as though avo had not boon tliero boforo. But all that ovening good Mrs. Blackburn kept sorrOAvful silenco, and more than onco considerably embarrassed Mr. Waller by bursting into tears. To Avcep in public Avas, in that gentleman's oyes, an un- pardonablo solecism (" Good Heavons," Avhis- pered ho to Stanhopo on tho second occasion of this ebullition, "aro avo in the Forest of Bondy ? ") an impulse Avhich, if gonerally indulged in, would make the ordinary trans actions of lifo impossible ; the idoa of some mooting of ruined shai'oholdors, instoad of stigmatising one as a scoundrel (against Avhich ono might bear up) dissolving into tears ! As to Mr. William, lull of his own porsonal troubles, ho doubtless Avonderod Avhat tho old Avoman had got to cry about ; but sympathy did not prompt him so far as to mako inquiry. Ho had got his groat-coat on, and his cigar in his mouth, about to visit tho Blackburn Arms as usual after dinnor, Avlion his mother beckoned him into tho dosertcd dining-room. "0 Willy," said she, "I havo boon Avanting to speak to you all tho ovening, but could not got you alone. I havo had such a shock to day as you cannot imagine ; and I am only thankful that it did not happen to you." " Shock ; Avell, I'm not easily shocked, and I daresny I could havo stood it," returned William gruffly. "What's happened noiv ? " "A very droadful thing, Willy. I have had a message from tho grave. I havo soon a ghost." " Oh, I say ; come noAV. You must have a talk with Mr. Allease when ho comes to visit tho governor to- morrow. Those sort of fancies — for I'vo heard him say so — aro all stomach." "But this Avas no fancy, William, I am very suro. Now, do you sit doAvn and liston." "But I Avant a cigar, mother ; and Bill Dykes and Harry Willing linvo got' a match on to-night at four corners." " NoAer mind them William," returnod Mrs. Blackburn gravely ; " and have your cigar here if you please. If you had seon what I have seen this day ycu Avould be in no humour for gamos or smoking." "I will just light up, hoivover, in tho meantime," Said Mr. William con temptuously, for ho had drunk his fill, and Avas by no means in a condition favourable to superstitious fears. — "Noav, tlion, I'm all attention ; fire away." " I daresay you havo heard, Willy," began his mother, sloAvly, Avith hor hand upon his knee, "of that old legend about the Blackburn folk, that before thoy die tlioy have each a Avarning of their ond sent from tho othor Avorld, that tho last dead Blackburn roturns to toll the doomed one of his raco that his time has come to dopart also." " I havo hoard sonie twaddle of tho kind," said William carelessly. " They say in tho villlage that young Richard's dead mother Avas seen in tho park tho night before her son popped off tho hooks so suddenly ; but it's all rubbish of course. And indeed she did not liappon to boa Blackburn at all." "That is no matter, Willy ; sho Avas a Blackburn by mnrriage, if not by blood. Your grandmother Avalked on tho terrace tho night before hor Avickod husband breathed his last. Tt is ahvays tho last doad that give the warning." Mr. William, lying back in his armchair at ease, expelled his tobacoo-smoko in, rings, -nti accomplishment of Avhich ho avus unreasonably proud, and inquired soornfully : "Woll, what tlion ? Have you soon this young gentleman to-day ? " and lie pointod to tho picturb of his cousin Richard that hung above tho mantel piece. " No, Willy ; but I havo seen your Avifo — poor Bess." William Blackburn bounded from his chair Avith a fearful oath. " Don't SAvear, Willy — don't sAvear, forHoavon's sako ; yon don't knoAV Iioav soon you may bo called to ansAYcr for such Avords. What I srav Avas a warning for ono of your raco ; but who shall say for Avhom ? At first, of course, I only thought of your poor fatlior. Ho is tho liko. liest to go, doar soul, nnd the fittest for it. Ah, if you could but soo him lying day and night, night and day, patient and gentlo-facod ns tho stono angol over the church door 1 I know by his look that ho has forgiven mo for meddling Avith his papers, though, indeed, it Avas very Avrong of tno to do so ; and I do think, if you Avero to go aud see him once again, Willy" "Never you mind mo and father. You toll mo about Avhat you suav, mother ; toll mo everything." He hnd sat doAvn again noAV, and had hidden his oyes boliiud his hand, but his features worked beneath it rostlossly. " I know it Avould moA'e you, my doar boy — I knoAV it Avoukl touch you — and I hope it Avill aaork for good. I knoAV you nro not Avickod, as soino believe, but only a little Avild and thoughtless. Yet, 0 remoru- bor, that it is not ahvays the old and ailing that aio taken first, but oftentimes the young and strong. Think, if this should bo a warn ing sont to you, my darling — to you instoad of " " Will you toll mo Avhat you saiv ? " broke in her son Avith savage impatience. "That first, and Avhat you think of it after- Avards. What, in tho Fiend's name, did you soo, mother ? " For a moment, the poor lady's spoecli was choked by sobs. For tho first time, porhaps, it Avas borne homo to hor that this son of hers had indoed a heart of stono ; but ho muttered something by Avay of an apology for his tono and temper ; ho had boen put out, ho said, by an infornal business letter that morning. Aud her hand once more rested on his knee as alio resumed her story. " Wo Avero Aval king — Lucy and I — up tho short cut through Redmoor fir- grove, Avhilo tho carriage wont up tho road. I had sont Lucy on boforo, bccauso I like to go my oavii pace, and not fool hurried ; and pre sently sho had loft mo far behind, and I Avas quite alono. It Avas tho very placo Avhero fifty years ago, Willy, your father and I mot Russell Blackburn's Avifo for tho last timo, and the thoughts of old timos croivdod in upon me, so that I stoppod and lingered more than I needotl to do, though tho Avay Avas steep." " You had your mind, then, full of tho past, and doath, and such like ?" observed William, Avith interest. "No doubt, Willy ; and I may liaA'o also even thought of Bess horsolf, ns I cor- tainly did of you, doar boy. But if I did, I thought of hor loss tliau any. Then prosoutly, in tho silenco of tho grove — for you know thoru avrs not a broath of Avind to- day — I hoard stops behind mo. I Avas not surprised, for tho path is used by all folks on foot coming from Moso- dalo to Rodcombe, nor in tho least dogroe agitated or alarmed. As tho stops greAV nearer, I moved to one side of tho path, in order to let the person pass mo, for Avhoover it Avas, she Avas a faster Avalker than I." "But Iioav did you knoAV it aa'rs a Avoman ?" " Because I hoard hor dross brush against the trees." "Sho Avas so close as that, Avas sho ?" inquired William hoarsely. " She Avas at ono timo, but not Avhon I looked round. I Avalkod on and on, expecLing every instant that sho Avould pass mo ; but finding that tho footstops coased, I turned about to see Avhy»"sho had stoppod." " Woll, and Avhat then ? " " Tlion I suav that it was Bess. It avrs groAving dusk, but I am cortain that it was she, and no other. Sho avrs a doal oldor, and moro Avhito and Avan- looking than Avbon I saAV hor last ; but as suro as it is my voice you hoar, Willy, it Avas your dead Avifo." "Did you spoak to hor ? " As William put this quostion ho shot through his fingers an oagor glanco at his mother's face ; it Avas a careworn and wrinkled ono onougli, but as honest and opon as tho smoothest ; he need not havo'boon afraid of any concealment thero. " Spoak to her ? No, indeed, Willy, I Avas too much skoarcd. My limbs seomod to give Avay, and I sank down trombling all of a heap against a tree trunk. Tndeod, for a moment, I shut my oyes for fear, yot not so long that if it had been anything but a ghost, it could never haA-e got out of sight ; and yet Avhcn I looked again, Willy, there aaus nothing there." " No ; and thero Avas ncA'er anything thero mother," said William forcing a laugh, ''you may take your oath of that." "I tell you,. Willy," ansAVored Mrs. Blackburn solemnly. " .1 am not more certain that I see you iioav than that I saw Bess to day. Moreover, sho suav me, for which indeed, xvithout doubt, sho had boen sent. O, Willy, Willy, I cannot keep the terrible thought out of my mind that it aa'rs about you she came. It seems so strange else that she should lams looked so Avan and sor- roAA'ful about your father. Oh, repent my darling for aa'o all laiA-e something to be sorry for, and lie a good lad Avhilc you Iuia'o yet time. I liaA'o lioa-er troubled you Avith such talk of late, Willy ; I Iira-o been afraid of your ill looks, and your tempers, but it has often been in my thoughts to speak of such things — Kiss me, darling, kiss me. Pray to-night. Oh, Iioav I have prayed for you, Willy, pray to bo a good man." " Yes, yes, all right," said William sub mitting, if Avith no very good grace, to his mother's impassioned caresses. " I Avill do all that if you on your part promise me to hold your tongue about this matter. In my opinion you liaA'o boon mislod by your foolings ; you Avoro tired and full of melancholy thoughts, and your imagination has built up the wholo affair. It was a moro dolusion." Mrs. Blackburn shook her bond and smilod sadly. "Well, that's my opinion, I repeat," said William coldly; " and I think most people Avill agree with mo. On tho othor hand, you think you have seen n ghost. In either caso I judge tho thing had bottor not bo talked about. Yon never said ono Avord of this to Lucy or Ellou, of course ? " "Not a syllablo, Willy ; and I novor shall. This is a socrot betAveon you and mo — a secret much too sacrod, much too aAvful, to spoak to any oar than that Avliich it may concern. Your father, alas ! is doaf to ovory voico, even though it bo otio from tho tomb ; but you, Willy, oh, lay it to lioart — lay it to heart ! You will not go out to-night, darling, among thoso rough rudu inon ?" "No, I Avill not. I promise you that, mothor. Goodnight. I Avill just havo another oigar aud thon to bod." But William Blaokburn remained in that room for hours, iioav sitting by tho fading embers Avith moody broAV, iioav starting up to paoo tho floor Avith restless stops. Not till tho morning light found its Avay through tho olosod shutters did ho rotiro to his oavii cham ber ; yot after all this counsol Avith liimsolf, ho could oomo to no moro satisfactory conclusion than to hopo that all theso pains of thought might bo in vain. " Tho old Avoman must havo boon doceivod," ho muttorod, as ho throAv him self on his bod. " It could novor have boon Boss horsolf ; sho Avould not havo darod to como," (To bo continued. J 