THE LATE CHARLES DICKENS. (From fItm of the Time.) icARLEns DIrgEKSr, tho son of Mr. John Dickens, who hold a position in the navy lay department, was born at Portsmouth in 1812\. At the close of the war his father re tired on a pension, and came to London as parliamentary reporter for one of the daily papers. His son Charlos was placed as a clork in an attorney's office; but a strong literary bias led to his obtaining soon after an engagement as a reporter on the staff of the Morning Chroniclo, then in the zenith of its fame, under Mr. John Black. The editor noticing his readiness and versatility, al lowed him a theatre for the display of his graphic qualities bjr inserting in his journal those Sketches of English Lifo and Character, which were afterwards reprinted in a collective form, under the title of Sketches by Boz, in 1836-7. Almost simul taneously with tlies apponrad a comic opera from his pen, entitled the Village Coquettes. The graphic power of describing the ordinary scones of common life, more espe cially in their most ludicrous aspect, did not escape the notice of Messrs. Chapman and Hall, who accordingly requested Boz to write for them a story as a serial in monthly parts, and the result was the publication of the Posthumous Memoirs of the Pickwick Club. The subject was treated by Boz in a manner at once so easy, so graphic and natural, and with snuc a flow of genuine humour, that the author found himself raised almost at a single stop to the highest rank among living novelists. Illustrated at first by the pencil of Seymour, and subsequently by that of Hablot K. Browne, the Pickwick Papers found an enormous sale, and the name of the author was avowed to the world in 1838. The great success of Piokwiclk naturally led to a variety of offers being made to Mr. Dickens by the London pub lishers; and brought about the connection of tho author with Mr. Bentley, who en gaged his services as editor of his Miscel lany, in the second number of which, in Feb. 1837, appeared the first instalment of Oliver Twist. This story, which was pub . lished comloete in th-reo volumes at the close of 1838, lots the reader into some of the secrete of lifo, as it used too frequently to be found in the parish-union workhouses, and in the dark haunts of thievery and villainy which form so black a blot upon London and the larger cities in the provinces. Admirably illustrated by the pencil of George Cruik shank, Oliver Twist at once became a popu lar favourite, and it continues still to be re garded as one of the author's happiest pro ductions. Meanwhile Nicholas Nickleby appeared in shilling numbers, uniform with Pickwick, shortly after the completion of that work. Nickleby was written to expose in detail the cruelties which wore then, and are still, it is to be feared, practised upon orphans and other neglected children of the middle classes at cheap schools, especially in some of the northern counties. Mr. Dickens .tells us in tho profane. to this boolk.thattheso |olu uy omnUI a eciuU UL W0 lJ otn1O hovs class in the wolds of Yorkshire. In 1840 Mr. Dickens undertook the production of a story, or rather of a series of stories, in weekly numbers. It was entitled Master Humphrey's Olock, and contained, amongst other tales, those since republished in a separate form under the names of the Old Curiosity Shop, famous for its touching epi sode of Little Nell, so remarkable for its pathos and simplicity, and of Barnaby Rudge, a tale illustrative of the senseless riots connected with the name of Lord George Gordon, in 1780. The pen of Mr. Oharles Dickens was henceforth almost in cessantly plied. About the time of the pub lication of Master Humphrey's Clock, ap peared his Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi, the celebrated clown, almost the only produc tion of his pen which deals with the plain prose of facts. Soon after the completion of Master Humphrey's Clock, Mr. Charles Dickens set sail for America for the purpose of preparing himself for the publication of a work upon men and manners in the New World. Whilst there lihe visited a great part of the Unnitod States, and accumulated a store of materials, which he gave to the world on his return to England in 1842, under the name of American Notes for General Circulation. lMany of the author's statements wore much controverted by our Yankee cousins, and the book provoked a reply under the facetious title of Change for American Notes. In 1814 he published Martin Chuzzlowitin numbers. In the sum mor of the same year he paid a visit to Italy, and many of the results of his observations were subsequently given to the world in the Daily News. Returning to England in the course of 1815, he suggested the foundation of a cheap daily newspaper, which should steadily advocate the spread of liberal politics and secular education at home, whilst abroad it should show itself the sworn onemy of despotic and arbitrary power. Having or ganised a largo literary staff, and surrounded himself with some of the loading writers of the dlay, he commencod the Daily News, Jan. 1st, 1846, acting as the editor, and con tributing to its columns, as we have already mentioned, his sketches from the south of Europe, under the attractive title of Pictures of Italy, which weore afterwards reproduced in a collective form. After a few months Mr. Dickens withdrew from his editorial post, and returned to his former line of humorous serial publications, varying how ever their monthly appearance with the oc casional production of some stories of a more strictly imaginativo cast, called Christmas Books. Of thos, the first, a Christmas Carol, was published so far back as 1843; the second, the Chimes, appeared at Christmas, 1815; the third, the Cricket on the Hearth, followed in 1816; and the fourth, the launted hMan and the Ghost's Bargain, in 1848. Be sides the above, Mr. Dickens has published the Battle of Life (1816), Doalings with the Firm of Daunbey and Son (1847.8), the History of David Copperfihld (1849 50), Bleak House (1853), LIttle D6rrit (1856); also, a 'ale of Two Cities; the Uncommer cial Traveller; and Great Expectations; which last three were reprinted from All the YearI Round. In 1850 Mr. C. Dickens started Household Words, a cheap weekly literary miscellany, which he conducted for aome years; but a quarrel having arisen be tween him and his publishers, be brought it to a conclusion in 1850, and establishled in its place another, similar in plan and form, en titled All the Year Round, which is still in existence. Mr. Dickens has earned a high reputation as an amateur actor; and was one of the founders of the Guild of Literature and Art: he has also been an active promoter of reform in the administration of the Royal Literary Fund. [The Yass Courier adds:-In 1864 Mr. Dickens commenced Our Mutual Friend, the appearance of which provoked the most oppo site opinions, his admirers extolling it as the ablest of his productions, while unfriendly critics denounced it as completely destitute of that grace and power which had once charao terised his writings. Two years ago Mr. Dickens re-visited America, and his trip had the effect of considerably mitigating those impressions which had been made upon him in 1842. A few months-back Mr. Dickens hadn farewell to the public as a reader, tell ing h is 1 nudienco on that occasion that bo intended for the future to endeavour to merit their praises in the field where he had origin ally acquired fame. The first number of the IMysteries of Edwin Drood is the only one of MIr. Dickens's new serial which has reached this colony; but whether the remainder can hbe now given to the public it is of course im possible to say. There is no impropriety in stating the fact, since Mr. Dickens himself quite recently gave it the fullest publication, that the delineator of some of the most ex quisite scenes of domestic happiness was in his own home most wretched, owing, accord ing to his own account, to "incompatibility of temper" between himself and wife (a daughter of Mr. HoRgrth, the celebrated musical critic). Mr. Dickens has left several children, his eldest son being, it is said, a young man of very considerable promise.' 