AUBURN. [From our own Correspondent.^ October 20,1870. A lecture on Trig True Story of GhostB I have seen" was given in aid of the Auburn Mutual Improvement Society on Monday evening, in the Town Hall, by the Rev. J. M. Day, of Eapunda. Mr. J. II. Adamson was voted to the chair, who stated that he felt he had no right to have such a honour conferred upon him so soon after his return from Victoria, but was pleased to see that the Society had prospered during his absence of five months. He congratulated the colonists here on their beautiful country, as he had seen nothing to be compared to it on his tour. After a few further remarks he called on the rev. gentleman to give his promised lecture. [Our Correspondent furnishes a long summary of the lecture, •which we omit, having previously published a very full report of it;] The lecturer concluded by saying that the only way to avoid thesejghosts was to preserve a good digestion, keep a clear conscience, and a living faith in Christ. Messrs. T. IT. Oldham, J. W. Castine, W. E. G-oodliffe, P. Claridge, and E. Spicer (members of the Society) sang " Home Again" and " Stop that Knocking" at intervals. Mr. Day, in ac knowledging thanks, said he thought it would be the last time he should give that lecture, an accident having occurred on eveiy occasion of his giving it. This time he was being conveyed from- Saddleworth by Mr. Jacka, who fell out of the waggonette and broke his collar-bone. He had chosen to walk to Auburn, but finding the roads 60 dreadfully bad between Saddleworth and Auburn, had accepted Mr. Jacka's kind offer. Votes of thanks to the rev. lecturer and to the Chairman were then passed, which closed an interesting meeting. The attendance was very good. > A meeting was held on Tuesday evening, in the Bible Christian Chapel, in connection with the Evangelical Alliance. Mr. J. H. Adamson was voted to the chair, and in a few introductory remarks spoke of the benefits accruing from such a Society in promoting good feeling among all the denominations. The subject to be intro duced was " The observance of the Lord's Day." Mr. A. Gray was the first called on, who said there were two distinct things in the text, viz.— the day to be observed, and those who observe it ; and in three aspects—physical, moral, and spiritual — he defined each in a very good speech. Mr. J. W. Castine pointed out that although the New Testament was silent in ob serving the Sabbath Day, yet the Mosaic Law should be regarded as still in force, being so kept by Jesus- Christ and his disciples. He pointed out that many who went to chapel and church forget to ask and fetch others in. According to all that he had experienced and read on the ■subject, all Sabbath-breakers failed in business and experienced great reverses in their daily callings. Special Sabbaths should also be ap pointed at different seasons of the year to unite in prayer and thanksgiving for temporal bless I ings, both at seed-time and harvest. He had ! long felt that this was wrongly neglected. Mr. D. J. Walters commenced by remarking that a man who had £7 and gave a poor man £6 might have the seventh afterwards stolen by the same man, to whom might be compared those who did not observe the Sabbath, but stole that which was not their own. The Sabbath school was the best resort for the young <m the Sabbath. Reading the daily papers on the Sabbath was also a great evil. Mr. T. F. Oldham said nothing preserved a nation better than the observance of the Lord's Day. He had frequently noticed drink purchased on the Sabbath. If people felt they must have it, don't let them purchase it on the Sabbath. He referred to the practice of cooking on Sunday, and the great nuisance of having drays, &e.;, travelling through the town ship-on that day, which ought to be stopped. The Chairman stated that they were disappointed at not hearing the Revs. J. Lyall and O. Lake, who were both expected. I think those who take part in such meetings should avoid extravagant speeches, as they only tend to create an unplea sant feeling and prevent persons attending in future—more especially those made by local advocates, as remarks from such are considered too pointed. There was a good attendance. I am glad to hear that Mr. W. Jacka is im proving. It is really time that the Central Road Board or some other of the authorities took the road between Saddleworth and Auburn under their special charge, and made it fit for traffic. [In the new Road Bill this is placed on the scuoduie of mam lxucs.— -Ed.] 