PBISON LIFE IN' AMERICA. There has recently been held a conference of some importance on the condition of the prisons iu the Stale of ISfew York. The con ference was called at the instance of tho 2sew York Prison Association ; and as the dis cipline of the State prisons has long been known to be very bad, and as it was clear that the cause of this was the bad character of the officers oi the prisons and the 'contract system,' it was hoped that the conference, although called by an unofficial and powerless body, would so awaken public attention to those evils that their removal would follow. I suppose that in no other English-speaking country i:i the world are the prisons in such a wretched condition as they are in this State. In the first place, the Governor and all the subordinate officers of each prison have been for years appointed solely as a reward for political services, and they have been dismissed to make room for a new set every time that a State election were held, and sometimes oftener, so that the term of their office was generally not longer than twelve' months. A gentleman belonging to the Prison Associa tion, and who had made himself thoroughly conversant with the existing state of things, stated at the conference, that it was no exag geration to say that the character of the prisoners in many of the prisons was on the whole rather better than that of their keepers. Both of the political parties have been equally to blame in this matter. Not long ago, a high piison official was ronominatod by a caucus of the Republican party, notwithstand ing it had been shown by incontestible proof that, during his previous term of office, he had used his jail as a brothel, and had made the comfort and privileges of his female prisoners dependent upon their compliance with his wishes. He was informed that these charges would be proved against him — he did not attempt to deny them, but contented himself with showing that he was a good Republican, and had served in the army during the war ; and this was sufficient to secure his renoniina tion. As a rule, the officers of the prisons throughout the State are men who are not only absolutely ignorant of everything pro perly relating to prison discipline, but absolutely ignorant also of common honesty and common humanity ; man who had been unable or unwilling to earn a living by honest work, and had betaken themselves to ' polities' — serving their party for a while at ward meetings, and at the polls in the capacity of bullies, ballot-box staffers, and repeaters, and then, as a reward, receiving an appointment to a prison where, iu all probability, while torturing and maltreating in every conceivable way the majority of the prisoners, they would extend special privileges to those among them whom they recognised as their old ' pals' and acquaintances. In the hands uf such keepers, you can imagine what hells the prisons have become, and how it happens that every few weeks the community is shocked by hearing of the murder of a warder by the prisoners, or of a prisoner tortured to death by a keeper, or of a revolt requiring military interference to put it down. The conference succeeded in showing that affairs were so very bad that it would really be better if every prison iu the State were burned down and the convicts turue'd loose ; but they did not succeed in showing that there was any very bright pros pect of a reform. Something might be done if the Legislature would take the prisons 'out of politics' and give them into the charge of a board of conscientious men, with power to manage them irrespective of all political changes. But the politicians of both parties will light to the death this and all other reforms which would take out of their hauds any of the spoils that now fall to the hauds of the victors on a State election. The Two Ghosts. — Sir Walter Scott used to tell with much zest, a story of a man who tried to . frighten his friend by encountering him at midnight, on a lonely spot, which was supposed to be the resort of a ghostly visitant. He took his seat on the haunted stone, wrapped in a long white sheet. Piesently, to his horror, the real ghost appeared, and sat down beside him, with the ominous ejaculation, ' You are a ghost, and I am a ghost ; let us come closei and closer together.' And closer and closer the ghost pressed, till the sham ghost, overcome with terror, fainted away. This, we fear, is the fate which awaits the Ritual imitators of the Church of Rome. That mighty ghost — ' the ghost of the deceased Roman empire' — the ghost of the Middle Ages — will press closer and closer to our poor dressed-up ghost till the greater absorbs the lesser, or doprivos it, by mere juxtaposition, of any true spiritual life. — Edinburgh lieixiaw. ArtetnUB Ward onco lonfc money. Ho thus recounts the transaction : — A gentleman friend of mine came to mo ono day -with tears in his oyes. I said. ' Why those weeps ?' Ho said he had a mortgage on his farm, and wanted to borrow £200. I lent him the inonoy, and he went away. Some thno after he returned with more tears. He said ho must leave mo for ever. I ventured to remind him of tho £200 ho bor rowed. He was much cut up; I thought I would not be hard upon him, so told I him I would throw oft' £100. He brightened, shook my hand, and said, ' Old friend, I wont allow you to outdo me in liberality ; I'll throw off tho ether hundred !' 