BISHOP PERKF OX DRUNKENNESS^ The Anglican Bishop has addressed a letter to the Church of England Messenger on the subject of drunkenness, from which we mate the following suggestive extracts; — " Sir — While sympathising with the writer of the excellent paper published in the Messenger of last month, in hie abhorrence of druukeimeas, ancL cordially approving of his suggestions for abating, as far as possible, this pernicious habit i cannot assent to the axiom which he lavs down, that n is vice, and therefore iiie curae of the colony.' That • the abuBe of intoxieating dnnks' is one of the sins which disgrace our professedly Christian community I readily admit, but that jti B not 'the besetting sin of Victoria. _ There are others which are almost, if not quite, as common amongst ns, and which me even more dangerons to the future well-bang of the infant nation. Intemperance is a vice which we have imported from our fatherland, and which, from tbe greater opportunity afforded for its indulgence, has, for a Mme, here assumed an aggravated form. But it is not upon the increase; on the contrary, it h»8,1 believe, during the last few years veiy much diminished; and as, if I am rightly informed, it does not prevail nmong the native British population of New South Wales, we may infer that it will not become prevalent among the next generation of Victorians. There is therefore ground ioriiope that it will continue gradually to decrease, and that, when those who are now addicted to it have passed away, it will almost wholly disappear; whereas other vices— gambling, fornication, extravagance, disobedience to parents—for the growth of which our soil and climate are peculiarly propitious, have, I fear, taken deep root in the land, and are spreading themselves more end more everywhere" throughout it It has been said, and Idonbt nofwith truth, that a very large proportion of the crimes which come before our courts of judicature are attributable to drunkenness. But, if this vice was engendered by others, then those others are to be regard»d as the originating, although not the immediate, causes of tbe crimes. Now I believo it will be found that very often tbe habit of intemperance may be traced to some one or oilier of those sinB mentioned above It is very generally the result of prostitution. The spirituous liquors, a long indulgence in which renders a poor creature's recovery from her sin and misery almost hopeless, and in nearly every case first resorted to as a relief from tier anguish. In like manner it is frequently occasioned by gambling or extravagance. Men who have ruined their fortunes by pfSy, or betting apon races, or wordly dissipation, begin to drink, in order, it is said, to drourn care, and go on until they become confirmed drunkards. Drunkenness also, like every other vice, will often be found to have originated in disobedience to parents. This sin, which is prolific of all kinds of evil, is usually characteristic of young and flourishing communities like our own; and it is perhaps that which more than any othet threatens to demoralise us as a people. Unless parental authority be more firmly maintained, and parental discipline more wisely exercised than at present, Victorians, with all the physical advantages which they enjoy, and all their civil and religious privileges, will never become a moral aud sober, nor therefore a truly prosperous and happy nation." . ANOTHER WATEEWOEKS DISASTER.—Another mishap has to be reported in connection with tbe Coliban Water Supply Scheme. An examination of the syphon pipe at Back Creek, yesterday, resulted iu the discovery that one of tbe pipes was broken or cracked right through. Whether this has been caused by subsidence in the bed of the pipe owing to the heavy rain or the recent heavy frosts we are unable to Bay, bat it must be manifest to all that it is most providential that' this defect has arisen before the water had been turned into the syphon. A crack in tbe syphon pipe whilst the water was in full flow through it, would be, we need hmdly say, a very serious matter.—: Kyneton Guardum. GOID EOBBERY.—Information was receive.! by the Government yesterday morning that the gaol at Clyde had been broken into on Sunday night, and all .the eBcort gold and money for the month carried oft But few particulars are as yet to hand regarding the robbery, bat we learn that it must have been committed between IS o'clock on Sunday night and half-past 4 o'clock on Blond&y; morning. On a constable proceeding at the bonr last named to the cell in which the two boxes containing the treasure bad been placed, he found the outer door apparently intact, but tbe inner door bad been forced open, and the boxes carried of£ The onter door had been opened with a key, and the inner one by drawing the screws of the padlof&ed; bolt. The thieves had cooly locked the ou&ide; door after them.on leaving: The excitement in Clyde, on the news of the robbery getting abroad, -was, aa may be imagined, intense. The police and private detectives immediately began to search in every direction for some traces of the robbers ; but with the exception of tbe empty treasure-boxes, which were found by Sergeant Neil about S o'clock p.m., within fifty yards.of the camp, they were unsuccessful. The treasure consisted of gold, bank-notes,. and a small sum in cash. The Bank of New South Wales loses £2,500 in notes and .£5,500 in gold, making a total of ,000. The Bank of New Zealand loses. £1,470 in notes, .£76 8s in cadi, and 774oz of gold, representing, at £& 15s per ounce, a money value of £2,90210s, and mating the total loss of the bank £4,44818a.. The total value of the treasure atolen is, therefore, £12,448 18s. No clue has yet been obtained .to the persons by whbm the robbery was committed, but Detec-. tive Farrell has proceeded to Clyde to investigate the affair. - We understand- that it is probable that a reward of £500 will be offered for information which will lead to the arrest of the robbers, and we may state in conclusion that the numbers of all the notes etolen are known.—Vtago'DaH*/ Times, Soft August B,EJECTAUTS OF IHB FEAST.—Walter Scott, in one of his novels, describes a laird who commanded bis servants alter a feast " to gather tip all tbat was totally uneatable and give it to' the'pdor folk of the parish." 'Such could not bave been the' eommands given to the keeper of the Town-hallj fbr this morninga_crowd_ of men, women, and children Jbavebeen in waiting at the Town-hall,, with hags and baskets, fur the reception of scraps jxomlast njghf s supper. We are jnfonuedthat enqngh was left to feed a ilittle army, and evidently evch was believed to he the case by those outside who. were patiently hanging/™ Maoyof tbose who were present were mpre desirous of getting the dainty bits Jhan the substantial viands, and it. was plain fhatan epicureau'taste had led them to.the q>ot, and not the pangs of hunger. Here and there among the crowd might be seen -one who seemed as if a good-meal would bs acceptable, but the majority had -the-appearance of folks that badienjoyeaa good breakfast, and <x>uld easily provide themsdves with a good dinner.— • M e n i d J A i ~ r i ' " y " v ' A OOUHTRF JIATOR.—I was once present at a yeomanry dinner jgiven in a small' borough; 'HIE L^YOR,^®RIVILIGE»OFLM : OFFLCE,ISRESAD»D, but he was oppressed by " county folk." His health was proposed'ty* Teal noblem»n, and Ihehonor was tOT' miicJifor him. Inriwng.to teapond he said, " Melbrdsengerilmen," and then he Unshed Jwd'jWn^hei. '"Melordsen- "gen'l men, jtei,?—iough again. "rm sure Tm very much :40-a-0?T7rCtmgh =,veiy bad .indeed •Then with volubility, -as of a man anxionsto *littMeoinetiiing«td efeop the ghost. ?:1m ebre I ihank yon, hearty, imdlhope joulldie *happy»" was.#e^d. rf lns B5eeeh : he i was » ; , 