SPSAY. ? ?♦ ? The jurors engaged upon tho Supple caso had half an hour, a3 usual, allowed them for luncheon ; and betaking themselves to a neighboring hotel, they each indulged in the modest dissipation of a couple of slices of bread and butter, with a cup of tea. For this tho landlord demanded half-a-crown a head. Two jurymen thereupon quarrelled with their bread and butter, and refused to partake on such terms. Keither did they. Tho landlord demanded his half-a-crown from each of them nevertheless. They appealed to tho sheriff, and their complaint was accompanied by another, in somewhat milder terms, from the ten who did partake. The shoriff said ho could do nothing, and that if the half crowns were not paid ho muBt deduct thom from tho jurors' allowances. The victims then submitted ruefully ta the fleecing. Tho be3t remedy for such impositions as this is to extend the period of adjournment to an hour, so that jurymen may, under the safo conduct o£ the officers of the court, proceed to some other house. In tho caso of most offences tho culprits can never faro worso than they do if dealt with in the heat of tho excitement following their acts. If thero bo any leniency to bo hoped for it is in tho cooler moments of after-thought. It is possiblo that this order of things may bo reversed in the public mind with respect to the caso of tho Eme rald-hill Artillery. Tho laugh of tho citizen soldiers, on being told to fall in by their captain, will echo unpleasantly through tho land. So many 'ladies' and so many 'womon;' these are the terms in which a portion of tho impedimenta of the officers and soldiers respectively, aro described in calling for tenders for tho deportation of the 18tb. The distinction grates a little. But never mind, they aro going. Somo of tho designs for female costumes at tho Fancy Ball, exhibited in Collins-street, aro more remarkable even than Medea. If any fair amateurs venture to go in the Fool's dress exhibited at an eastern establishment, or the single-breasted Assyrian garb at a western ono, thero will be a little staring. As appropriato characters for gentleman visitors, tho following may bo thrown out as suggestions : — Captain Standish, Ossian ; Sir. Burtt, Tom Moody ; Mr. Graham Berry, a Kurd; Mr. M'Kcan, Gog ; Mr. O'Shanassy, Magog ; Mr. Bouvko, M.L.A., Lord Burleigh ; Cr. Gatehouse, the Ghost ; Mr. Frazer, M.L.A., Khorsanbad ; Tommy Gray, tho Jumping Mo-ruI ; Mr. Longmore, an Inn-Spectre ; Mr. Macartney, M.L.A., aFisherman ; Mr. Aspi nal], Fieri Facias ; Sir Redmond Barry, Minerva ; Mr. William Walker, the Last Man ; Cr. A. K. Smith, Don C.-esar do Bust soon ; and bo on. Thero should always be somo sort of aptness in these presentations. At Weston's thoy have one of the latest American novelties in tho way of tho intro duction of tho female element into negro minstrelsy. Miss Nollio Hosmcr, in her own merry face and red cheeks, is most lightsome and agreeable ; but it. is too bad for hor to seek to disillusionise us by smirching her face with burnt cork, and coining out as Coal Black Rose. Let one of the versatile gentle men in tho company enact tho negress. 