[?] I *?% A*W-1 ALTBBJUf PABTEM.' £«sV a m venue «t 'mtikbk&umdMmi.;' [?] ii^tfchabjrwiianitdie*, $, -..??-.mJi'MI'MI'i t^rrai ffww right '^JgSraipm l«» «U bw Ugbt ; ? »O dpucu tobatnBttbe guing ey*,~ ^ To»»eet,to1lu»»,iiHJ then top«rt; % Wiffle around thjp.long-Iegged crMMs, * Slowly stalk acrSs the plains ; : A»4 tbey «re fekeu ail abu* Jly the tnind- duufc'* sadden quack ; Atu) *Mguitoes, with pjrobosis, TeMMMffUudJis their poor noses, .While around them sweetly singing, Hie}' still hiSict thaur, nasty etiuging. Proving, what ve all well Ww, t . That tile way* of tnf» love hew below. Never in a straight course flow. % tfee tte 04* chum's smitten face, B*o!Jen— purpled ~vai-! «» graoe,— The victim af mosquitoe'e bite, The effect* of wandering out by night, While Maudes, wrtet star, so brigit, AM Orion « sword of tnighL . Which emits *n strong a TiAt. Altlio' it's sheathed asA hidden quite, light* ^traveller on hi* road Jo d«%g wife and far abode. 'While j»»ng on fte SoutiiewCrou lie forgets all worldly drtias, ' Until he's rtii-ttel with the sight, Of some striking ghost iu white,— Thtficture of snow weeping maid, WJw throw* ' Miss Barley' in the shade ; The victim, ghost, as we uro told, Of (UHS's captain bold. At lasfibe moun, with* modest face, \- Awakes the earth from night's embrace, A« rising ff-ni the orient sea, Ste lifts her horns ao#ptemlifUy, 'And {lightens ({ingoef vild and free, Who «Aa»c the possum up vlie tree, a Which sitting cofty on the bough, Tikes a lunar— yon kntw bow ! Ob, }'c farmers, guard your grain, Or uo pfeut you will gain. Drat the varmint .' you ituttt kill them. Or burn your Wrus —you'll uever (ill them. For they will eat up all your stuff, Until they cry out, 'Quantum suff;' 'Seeds that vegetate or Cot— , All your seeds w-iU go* to \iot. m ' See j an, the flying fox on high, Who *ith bat lives socially , JJok- they sport among your trees, And snugly hide Aung toe leaves. While ,tf* luscious fruit they cat. And quietly eujoy the treat. Titus in uiooutigbi vuvlewahrUka, And owlets clatter vith their Wki- - While tUe ' ibat Pork's' doleful eimai FilU the mind with grief profound. The forest swarm with living game : Xhete hops the wallaby, so tame; * And nibbliqg grass, looks so acute. Hie nimble springing bandicoot ; In forest wild where are no boys, To disturb them iu their joys. AH iiatorc*f still. The river flows;— A beetle flics against your nose, The cficket 'chirps beneath the clod, Anil frogs crime crawling from the sod To gMO at Venus, beauteous star, * Who feebly twinkles from afar. Earth wakes »t lust. The yeiille moon Hh woisUeJi to her daily tomb, ? Tiie vapours round the niuuntaius curled Melt into morn, and light awakes the Wojjd. Tbtjaagbing jackass cracks his gaping throat, The magpie; sweetly slugs bis well. knows note, Man, fruw'his slumbe.% uian awakes, And a* he quietly his breakfast bikes, He wonders trith a grave and serious phis. Who wrote such poetic trash as this. 'The I'owtlt repudiate the grievous sin, Hit consouantis we cannot well drag in ; 1'ii I, or IV, or £, «r ail the roweTs combined. In whom such lack of wtetry we find. WajsdY, CousonanU mid sometimes vowels. Tooffooroha, Jan. 16th, ? &&IBOF; TB8 Sswtos Bovd STiTios.— Messrs. Ettitriihauk, Easlvstooe, aod Co. report the sale of Newtou-Boyd SWtion, in the Clarence Biver district (without stock, tout with right or braud after 1st March aeft), for the sum of £1100 cash. Mr. A Kodgers, of New England, purchaser. * Gbsat£ire nt Melboijkke.— One of the largest fires known in the capital of Victoria for many Cm took pUice on Thursday uigbt, in West Mel roe, in H. Mill's timber yard, the entrance to which, is in Flinders-street, between William and King-street The Aryun says Mr Mills left his yard at half-past 5 P.m., when all appeared secure. According to Mr. Mill's own statement no man was left on tile premises, and though a little lire mieht «*?« luuMHiwi ui iun Bbu&eaute;, n was ail penectly siafe. At the later hour named, a man—whom we ? 4o aot yet know— was seen running from near where the engine-bouse was, and gave the alarm of 'fire.' In reply to a questioner, he said that the fire broke out near the engine, and be was going to fetch the brigade. In less than ten minutes the Insurance Fire Brigade was on the ground with their hose toels, ladders, and other apparatus, and thf» were ?bortly afterwards joined by the East Colliogwood Fire Brigade, under Superintendent Daskin. By this timtMiowever, the fire bad got great head. Heaps of shavings had carried the names onward ? the *aet«y, with iu inflammable contents, soon caught f ajrithe flames mounted pyramidally to a great Ijeifjii and '» *uolt body that no water that «WiM b« thhwn on them would have made any impression. The nert building to catch was Salo mon's stoics, containing enormdfts quantities -o! pitch, testa, -u»d other uiflamtuable substances. It m»y be said that the conflagration was iu the main ?oofined to the factory and the store, and when both Wsaed up together the sight wag iuoonceivabiy gnad, the white flames from the pitch aud resin fteing of wonderful brilliancy and fierceness. Bhortiy before 11 o'clock the roof of Solomon's store fall in with a crash. That ol the factory had gone long before, mod great pieces of toe trail fell ju. It was the great thickness of the bluestone walla of «e (tore that worked the salvation of the neigh tooting premise*, and within titan the fire raged ?P ? I doing more harm. The two most narrow ''P*!*1 www that of Motoo Moss' provision store, vhicn was not insured for a sixpence, and Uumber ?feme'* distillery, the building of which was insured, mSSit* ^e ??'** ^a*1'*!® plant of machinery. By JfsW^ntt!! the tire was fairly got under, although a vast amount of incandescent material remsinedin tte robu .of Solomon's store, aud tiie flames oeca. ttoufodu* op from the ruins, and kept tin fire «wWy engaged oata about S o'doek -m fttday SeCAPE OF *. FfolAH PttlSONEB FBOst WeS tt8» ABBTZKm.— John Boyne O'ReiUy, one ' VJSfs'''*' Ptm-nen tmnsported to Western -A«*glWM^?» to «»e tridmm the following 'Oatitt Uti*. febmary I escaped, seiied * boat, ?ad went to ee*, botfead to return toUndS jU*.IM*ok«. I ttoa Uved in the 'bush' for ?Wwiiai^Md eventually put out to sea again, LBLMHPftg»P#l thrt««*»8qr«*»e WKMMBgmimkmtmm, to the officer were ^^^HntMBliKSsi£ssi At a meeting of the Executive Cnuncil )icW on Thursday, at Giivcmincut HoutMS, the resig nation of tuc Premier (tlie Hon. John Robertbon) was accepted, and tlit jlou. Ctwlcs Cowjier, IIM.Qt V'ice-Eresident of tbe Executive Ooun ciL, «ks also sworn in to the office uf Colonial Secretary. Mr. Cowper lias entered upnn the duties of bis office ; aud by virtue uf Iiis acre) it - ance of wLich iiu seat as a member nf tlie '? beeome raciuit, There is a general impression i th»t sixty days must elapse befoie the issue of J a new writ There is, however, a clause in the i Electoral Act of this colony which makes special provision for cases buch as tins, and by virtue of the enafctment to which we refer, h new writ | will be at once issued. It is almost superfluous j to state Mr. Robertson's retirement from die Government, which be formed fourteen nmutlis a^o, has not arisen from any difference of opinion witb his colleagues on matters of public policy, or been oecasiimed by any disagreement on oereonal grounds. It is generally known tliat UM.I. UUUCI1.BIIM JS UIVUJVCU 111 aCVVIHl j/Itn Tltf! S/U p concerns, and we believe that he now purposes to devote his attention wholly to his private .affairs. Some change has been anticipated iu the composition of tlie Cabinet within the last few days, but Mr. Robertson's withdrawal from the Government will take many by surprise, and it wil'i be a matter of extreme regret to Mr. Robertson's numerous friends that circumstances should have rendered tiie present step necessary. Mr. Robertson fans iieid office as a Minister of the Crown in sis or seven Administrations, and during the seven or eight years of his official life, he has always occupied positions of pro- j minence and distinction.— & Ju. Herald. ' PtT.vrsHiNG a VVife Beatee,— The following ? well-deserved punishment is uotined iu the Vic | toriati Government Gazette: — 'Private James Droainiond Sibbel, of the 1st fialiarat Kifies, having been convicted and sentenced to impri Suiimcnt, for drunkenness and cnielty to iii.s wife, by beating her witb the scabbard of liis e word- bayonet, and also threat«niug her life, tlie Governor, with the advice uf tiie Executive Cojpcil, has dismissed him from the Volunteer foree of the colony. Scalded tc Death.— We have heard (says the Yass Courier) of a most sad accident, n-Jbicb terminated fatally last Sunday, at one of Mr K. j K. Besiiiird's out-stations nt Kaugiaroo. On j Saturday a little child of one of the (ibovenanied J gentleman's shepherds managed to fall into a ! aot of scalding liquor, in which meat had been I boiled. Of course the poor little thing's agonies i were intense, mercifully terminated, bonever, ! by death on the following day. To tlie unfor- j tunate father, who is a widow cr, this Kad calamity j is but one of a long series of domestic iuist'oi- i tunes which have recently befallen uim. A Bull FruHT.— Notwithstanding the ab sence of matadors, the inhabitants of Bathing had a treat on Monday last in the ' hot encounter' of two males boyijie. One of ilie animals (saysthc Balhurtl Timt*) wastheyimng buii lately imported by Mr. Rutherford, a:i3 whose advent was duly chronicled iu this 'jour nal ; the owner of the other did not ttaiii-iiii'i!. The two ai)im:i]y appear to )mve espied one another on the common, aud each eager ' to do or die' rushed to an encounter, and nut out another in the middle of the r»-ad. litre tbuy fought a great many rounds, tu the coiisteniation of passers-by, and without inflicting sciiuus damuge upon each other. The difticulry was to hit upon a plan to separate them, as nobody was inclined to go and take either by the horn*. At last wme one fetched a bulldog, and. tutting jl on to one of the animals, contrived to divert its attention from its antagonist and draw it away. At the same time a tiumberof cattle were brought up and surrounded the other bull, which then allowed itself to be diivcii a nay with them. The fight lasted over an hour, neither comba tants, as we have said, suffering much injury. As Alligator at Wimjisok. — A corres pondent writes :— The Alligator— This animal in the river has been seen t-everal times Juring the last week. Its marks, it is said, have lieeu traced along the sand banks, but ivlieu sttu it genwally has the fore }-art of i's body only out of the water on the bank. Its movements are so uncertain that no attempt has vet been niude to capture it. Perscjiis are afraid to Uithe. A rather amusing rumour is abroad that two raen came oil the way from Sydney, having beard that the alligator was caught at Pitt Town, with the intention of purchasing it for exhibition. These enterprising gentlemen had with them all necessary appliances for securing the monster, but unfortunately had to return Iu Sydney disappointed. Tat Theuphaiic, which arrived in tUe bay on Wednesday uiglit, brought out the manager of the Australasian Woollen Mill Cwupany, Mr. L. F. Keogh, and his family. Tliis gentleman left in the Great Britain last May, for the pur pose of ordering and superintending the making of suitable machinery for the company's factory at Foutscray, and this he has accomplished iu a very short space of time, having been absent only eight months. The niacliinery compre hend* everything complete for the Manufacture of about 3,000 yards of cloth per week.— Aus- tralasian. Lati; telegrams from Melbourne, in the S.3I. Htrald, announce the fact that a new opera troupe has arrived from England.— A ne«- Vic torian flag is being prepared for the training ship Nelson, which is to be five stars iu one cross of the Union Jack. It is to be inaugurated shortly by a dinner on board to all the members of Parliament. We observe that the Anglican Bishop, of Mel bourne, had been called upon to employ the terrors of the Ecclesiastical law to a refractory candidate for Priest's urdens. The refusal of Bishop Perry to ordain as Priest a Minister of the Church whose fault seems to be a Ritualistic tendency, has given rise to a great deal of dis cussion in the Melbourne papers. Our friends in South Australia have always been famuus for their practical good sense. They have given, a new proof of their skill in utilising unconsidered trifles. A bagmau and a bicycle is a combination of the useful and the agreeable that recalls to mind Mr. Warren's famous ' The Lily and the Beli' Tlie Gander Times says :— 'About three weeks ago we received a neat card, representing a commercial traveller riding on a tricycle, with a package of samples behind mm. Below were the words, ' Expect me on the — inst.,' and the name of our friend. On Thursday morning another traveller on a bicycle, having a package in front, rode up to Oawler from Adelaide before 9 a.m. After breakfasting he proceeded on his journey. If commercial ! travellers can make the use of bicycles and | travel at such a rate, it will tend materially to j reduce their expenses.' ] 