" ITEMS OF NEWS. The Guildford amateurs give a dramatic per formance for the benefit of the common school, at the Five Flags hotel, this evening. Madame Siblv, the lady lecturer, phrenologist and mesmerist, opeiiB with the first ot a series of lectures at tlio Mechanics' Institute this evening. After a lecture on phrenology, she is to examine the heads and to rend from the bumps the charac ter wliioh nature lias mapped out for the indi vidual. Readings of oharaoter from the phre nological basis, if not always credited with exact truthfulness, have at least the recommendation of being piqunnt and amusing. Experiments in mesmerism follow. The following mining leases have been declared void: No. 547, F, J. Bond and another Little Bepdigp; No. 185, W. Clemow and another, Emu Reef. The operatic oonqorts ended on Saturday even ing, when all the Italiqn, artists;, were present, ns nlso Miss Liiey Cliambdrs arid Miss Martin Si- monson. Thq inception "of.'the. performers was equal' lo' former occnsions,' and considering the stormy: weather, together with the inconvenience of the night for many who would otherwise have been present, ; there was no cause to complain of palrouege: ' : . The concert in nid of tho- funds of Green Valley Common School toojc place on Thursday 'eveiiing-iri tlie hall -.'of: the :Mechiinios' Institute; Newstead, and was a, great siucoess, , Thqre pqulfi ;'not h'ave been less- tjian ''200 'person's 'present.! .Great credit is duo. to Mr Soott, the master. of; .the '.fchopl, for .the manner in. whioh -the pro gramme was got up and carried out. The enter-: tainment opened with , an overture on the piano; by the Misses E. and L.Marsden, which received h n"eui.'/;I&aei;>i'8aug Molly Asthqre and KUhleeAiMnvoirneen. Miss Brittingham gave, the Old 'Arm:- Chair. Mr Scott's Medical Stu dent was. very good, as also Maggie's Secret, by 'Miss 'Marsden! : Sweet Spirit hear. 'my Prayer, by Mrs Rosoli, was well received by the au dience.: .Have You Seen the Ghost, by Mr Scott arid' Company 'was'-also very good. A number of equally choice pieces were rendered,' and each- encored. Mrs Langlow. presided at the pinno, and' rendered great assistance during the performance, it the; conclusion .of which , Mrf Scott.re turned tlniuks for the bumper house. ' Our telegram from Sydney, a-,-, few days ago mentioned that the . Government had censured Judge Meymott for the '. mariner in , which his judicial functions hud been! disoharged. ;>Tlie Sydney Morning Herald of. the 11th ioat. gives the particnlnrs - of. the1 -matter as contained in some .' correspondence ' laid ' before" . Parliament. First are some letters to the Attorney-General from Mr William Small, J.P., and- Mr John M'Pliee. The iformer says: — "I have been a disinterested witness in a case, J. De'voy v John M'Pliee,- and after giviDg my evidence (on oath), truthfrilly! his Honour remarked,' ' I can'believe as much of your evidence and as little as I!like,' implying that my evidence was corrupt and un truthful ; although the other witnesses; examined ia the case corroborated my-; statements, yet his Honour confined bis insulting remarks to myself and the'defoudaiit jn the case, a course of action which' renders my reputation as a justice of the peace and as a good citizen greatly damaged. The latter complains that, after he had given evidence, in a' case, the. judge - informed; him that " though ha was upon"; his oath, be had! not Bpoken a word of , t filth." The charges having been referred to Judge Meymott and his reply received, the mat ter came under the consideration of the'Execu- tive, and the', result wasj that a'.' commuuicntiou wue sent from the Colonial Secretary to thejadge informing him that " his: Excellency the , Gover nor, with' the ad'viqe of (be "Executive Council, link decided thatuhere shall; be convoyed to you, , oq the part of tlie Gorefnmenti an expression of regret that, 'after !a careful1 o'ouaideriitiou of the various complaints against you, and of your' "an swer's thereto, the conclusion is arrived at that the complainants sre not without grounds for their dissatisfaction in several of the particulars enumerated: by them. The Government is of opinion'. that you occasionally exhibit' deficienoy in tiiat-.paii.sues,' -.'-temper, and conrtesy towards jurors,- witnesses, and advocates, which are so essential to the -maintenance of reBpect for. the :Bench, and'to the satisfactory administration of .justice,; and trusts that there may not be such further complaints as. to impose npon the Gover nor and the Executive Council the neoessityqf ' considering whether it: is compatible with .-the : public interests that you 'should continu'o to retain .your office." ' ; A human thigh-bone and rib were found a fow days ago;- Bays -''tlie Kyrieton Observer, 'in the 'Back- Creek, off the Jim Grow-"road, arid abbut 'five miles from Malmsbury.;.; . They were handed lover/to the police, who are ! inquiring / in to-.; the matter.. The bohesqeemed to k'aye.been .brought down Jo where they were found by tlio stream :iu 'the creek.. . ... : Tlie lion.' the Minister of Mines,- : abedmpenied by Mr Coucbman, - the chief miningqurveyor,' - yisited. .Sandhurst pn /Friday by the 'riiid-'day train. Their visit, we (Age) learn has relation to the recent Complaints made by the residents in Sandhurst of the delays which occurred in c«rrying out uecessary surveys by the resident tnining surveyor. The way in which Mr Mackay ji'hs tnken.np the matter which wo commended to (lis attention lias a prRCticnl loqk about it, arid no doubt" the Bendigouians will be well pieaBed at tlio prospect which .is opened . up to; them of getting rid of their preeont grievance speedily.;:: : Some time ago, says tbo Kyrieton Guardian, a (ad in the employ of Mr Murray, a farmer resid ing at Lilicur, picked up in the bueii a purse con- (aiqiqg! several Bank', of Ausfralqsia :ni)tee jVrid gnirie silver. Tlidlafi stupidly (bfa up tho notes, tint kept the silver. On cbmmunic'nting the fact pf liiB iind to'Mr Murray as many as possible:of tho frngoienie of notes were reoovered,1 in' tlie liopq that they might bo pasjod together in proper- fofm qgaiii.,, This, however, oould not.bq done in bopsequenoo .of the nutribor- of pieces misBing. Yusterday. ,Mr . Murray brought the fragments , into the Talbot branch of tlio batik to see if the pieoes were of any value, but the' manager of eourse'refused to have anything to do with them- till thoy were rendored sufficiently complete for thorough identification. " How long they have been lost, or how they came ' to be dropped in qo unfrequented p.irt of the bush remains a mystery. Counsels in cases sometimes ask strange ques tions. It is doubtful, says the Age, whether a stranger onc.was ever asked than one put by Mr Lawcs iu the Insolvent Court on Friday, when he was examining an insolvent named Louis Josiah Lcc. Lee, let it be understood, hails from Auckland, anil has creditors both in Melbourne and Duncdin. According to his own story, he some months ago proceeded from Auckland to "Wellington, and came thence1 by the Omeo direct to Melbourne. Here he married, but this fact has nothing to do with the story. The'Oiuco oil this particular trip, it would seem, stopped neither at Dunedin nor Nelson. Counsel wanted to know why he didn't go to Dunedin to see his creditors, and counsel took this mode of ascer taining what ho wanted to know : — " Are_ you not aware, sir," he ' said severely to the insol vent, " that Dunedin and Auckland are in the same province ?" " No, sir, I am not," prqmptly replied the.insolvent, and r it was taken down in black and white that insolvent was not aware, &c.; What a quiet grin that debtor must have had in his sleeve, to he sure ' A public meeting of the chemists and druggists of the colony is convened for Tuesday next at the Mechanics' Institute, Melbourne,' to consider the propriety of urging upon tho Government the necessity of introducing a pharmacy bill during the next session of Parliament. The Ballarat Courier has an article asking what the Government nican to do iu the event of the Suez mail arriving on Sunday week—whether the common sense plan of at once sending it up by special train to Ballarat will be followed, or whether, as before, it will be locked up at. Gee- long till Monday. " The colony," says our con temporary, " pays a heavy price for the bringing of the European mails to Victoria, and it is not a little disgraceful that, after one party to the contract has done its part the other should lock up the mails in a postoffice for nearly 24 hours, because they happen to arrive on a Sunday, thus offering a premium to the Peninsular and Oriental boats to linger on their way, instead of using the utmost speed. We do riot think there is another country in the world that would tole rate for a moment such an arbitrary state of things with their mails, and why should this colony be made the exception ? What we have written with regard to Ballarat and Geelong and their surroundings, will apply with equal force to Kyneton, Castlemaine, Sandhurst, and the towns which are fed by their stations. These people are kept, some 18 and others 24 hours, and some even longer, without their letters, be cause two special trains are not put on the two fines of- railway when the mail steamer arrives on a Sunday. Of all the outcomes of red- tape- ism in high places, this is far and away the most provoking and contemptible, and should he re medied by the Government without a moment's delay. . It1 will be remembered that the, ship Jerusalem, on arriving here, reported the burning of the ship Elizabeth Fleming, which was afterwards toiyisd into port by the Landsotyne. ' The latter vessel, on reaching Adelaide on the 10th inst., .gave the following account of the matter to the Adelaide papers : — On July 16, the Landsowne, Captain Trewyn, had reached 34 26 lat., 17 14 long.,, with the north-east trades howling the vessel along at a cheerful rate, when the look-out reported a .strange light on the -weather bow, and its singular appearance induced the master, to haul up a point so as to near, it. >-On carrying out this intention' it was soon apparent that the1 illumination was from a-burning ship, and on nearing the flaming hull it was decided to heave- to to windward, and send a boat to determine .whether: or not any persons were 1 about the 'wreck; '.' It was ascertained that the hull was that' of a fine iron ship of 720 tons, .in which all: combustibles above the scuppers were de stroyed, and a fire of intense fury was preying on the cargo. Having satisfied himself that no people were to be rescued, it struck the master sqnjething might he done in . the way of salvage, and on conferring with the officers, the second . volunteered to proceed on a visit of inspection, which resulted in making arrangements to tow the burning hull about 300 miles to the island of Maderia. The first important task was to stop the bow port, which had evidently been opened with the intention to : flood the fire, but it -was so far from the surface of the vsea that the only result was an occasional lip over) the sill of the port,' when the water - was at once exhausted in steaip. The .fire . was confined to. the .midship section,". .consequently a! handspike afforded ' rude steering gear, arid all the deck beams being in tact, the hands were able to shift in working about the fore end, but the heat iu the waist was so great; that- occasionally as - the ship rolled the water outside was in a measure converted into steam. After herculean labour, favoured by a fair wind, the island of Madeira was sighted All went well until within a short: distance of the coast, when it fell calm, and it was necessary to send away to Funchal for assistance. This, .for tunately, was' Instantly , sit hand in' the presence' of one of Her Majesty's" gunboats, which at once towed the hull into a placeof safety, Singularly enough,' the master of the' ill fated vessel h'ad previously, been landed there ; by a passing vesr. sell the Jerusalem, and .he was a w|tness of the rescue of tlie wreck. - Slie proved to be the Elizabeth Fleming, an.iran ship of 728 tons re register, loqded .with . geqeral, inerohandise from Great Britain, - bound to Rangoon. She had burned - for - a -.few 'days -before the Landsdo wne took her in .tow.',; .Onxreachirig Madeira, the blue Jackets from the Queen's ship proceeded/to, the hull, but their efforts were ; unavailing in quelling the fire,; .which had full charge of that , space below the main hatchway, Having com pleted;, the. task ;.the master,; through the second mate, ;.banded ;o,ver ; the custody of the prize to the British consul,' and on July 20 proceeded on his voyage."; ' ; il ' : - ' ' 