The Glwst in ICo. 16 Cabin. WHAT, have you let No. 16 Cabin again?' 'Yes ; to an army chaplain.' 4 Well, he ought not to be afraid of a ghost.' The above little conversation took place in a shipping office in Leadenhall-street, between the agent and captaih-of a Blackwall Indiaman, No. 1G cabin on : board the Buckin ghamshire had the reputation of being haunted. No occupant of No. 16 ever completed the voyage in it. Abo-it a fortnight after leavinir Gravesewd or thereabouts, in latitude 30 N. longitude 20 W., the inmate of No. 16 cabin would invariably be looking out for a few minutes' private conversation with the captain, who generally knew what was coming. I say the inmate, n-jt the inmates, because the cabin, being only half the usual size, formed a convenient berth for a passenger travelling by himself. It was also situated on the main deck, and was kept for gentlemen only. Generally No. 16 would commence his story with a sheepish sort of apology. 'T know you will think what I am going to say very absurd, captain?' or. 'I am afraid I shall appear very ridiculous, but there really ja something odd about that berth of mine.' The captain, in a good- humored way, would laugh the thing off, and No. 16, thinking himself rather an idiot, aud wondering what had come to him, would persevere for a day or two more. Then he would come again aud say that at first he thought he might have been mistaken, but now he was quite sure—aud he would ask the captain to find him another bertli, ' But my dear fellow,' the captain would ask,' what is the matter with the place ; is there anything very terrible?' 'No, nothing very terrible,buta/great deal very uncomfortable aud very unaccountable.' 'Have you seen anvthiug?' 4 No. r ' Have you heard anything ?' ' I rather think I have.' ' Why, what?' ' Oh! noises.' ' Noises!' ' Yes, noises. I have heard -sighing—deep, long-drawn sighs, and sobbing, at the very head of my bunk, just where the pillow is.' ' It may bethewind,or the waves, or the rudder, or the creaking of the timbers. People are always fancying they hear things at sea. I know an old lady-' ' Well, captain, never mind the old lady. I positively decline to sleep in that berth anymore.' ' Well, if you won't, you won't, aud there's an end of it. I suppose I must do what I can to find you another; but its very incon- venient.' Another berth would be found but at the same time the vacated one was not filled up. Why should it be; it would only have been the same tale over again. The chaplain took up his quarters in the above cabio. For the first fortnight he was much afflicted with sea sickness, as chaplains, I believe, generally are. But after that he picked up and grew very hearty. He was a cheerful, companionable, kind of man, neither young nor old, with a strong undercurrent of seriousness and good principles ; one who could cither speak or hold his tongue aB the case required. Ho had had his sweet and bitter experiences of life, and knew altogether more than a casual observer might bo disposed to imagine. Commonplaco enough, not striking or flashy ; but nevertheless the poor acknowledged him as a friend. As the ship got into or about the spot we have mentioned, the captaiu at breakfast time began to regard the chaplain with an air of curiosity. One of the first symptons of anything going wrong in No. 16 cabin was usually an indifference to that meal. But Bruce, that was the chaplain's name, continued to take his meal after he had once begun, in a comfortable and regular style, like a man who had a reasonable enjoyment of the good things of this life. This went on for another week, till at last Bruce seemed to look a little graver than usual. He did uot seem the least oppressed ; in fact, there was an air of tempered satisfaction about him which puzzled tho excellent commander of the ship. Well, he thought to himself, either there is no ghost at all, or Bruce has made its acquaintance, and it is not a bad ghost. I will ask him about it. So, seamanliko, he went straight to tho point. ' Mr. Bruce, have you heard anything in yourcabin ? any thing unusual, I mean.' Yes, I have.'JiiiSh |jw>h fiaye3»^^o.jnej;hing?' I am,bear tily gl a.dt1iat!i took •it^tvp^rtica-; lar berth ?''' cuddy,'..pMergers,- pricked^lpIm^'mm,^ Jpoied'.from back : iaeain-to vthe found the mystery; out,' Baid , the captain,- and this cabin : was - not- haunted at- all.' It was haunted, but it is not haunted now.' 0 do-tell iiis all about it,', said a lively. Irishwoman, whoiil ways eat next the captain. 'Do now.'Padfe, dear.' ' « Well I will think about it,' said the Padre ; 'at present I do : not see why I should not.' ; .• ' : That evening, when the cuddy lights were out, and some of the passengers sat on deck, unwilling, 'to exchange the cool breeze for the closeness of , their cabins, the chaplain said,' I will tell you about the ghost.' '. .Is it a gentleman ghostj or a lady ghost ?' tittered somebody,; : ' O ! a lady ghost:; but'there is nothing ' .to laugh at.' ; . • ;' Four nights -ago,-just aB I had turned in, I heard. a ! deep.'sigh elose tbmy pillow, and I seemed to distinguish' the word unhappy, uttered in a tone of .deep distress. I reasoned myself into the belief that the sounds might proceed from some one in a berth above me, or that they were only some of those fre: quent vnoises which are so inexplicable to landsmen at sea. So I went to sleep. The next;night I kept a, bright, look out with my ears, if I may be allowed the phrase. I heard first the sighing, then the sobs — then most unmistakeably the words—' Unhappv that I am ; will you not listen to me ? Will you, too, fly from a poor unhappy girl, and leave her.b»und in misery to rotim over the world wherever . this ship spreads its sails to the wind? Are you afraid? I am too wretched to harm you, if I wished % and too gentle to wish it. I know your name. It is Bruce. You were curate of that little Berkshire village where my father and. mother now live, and you have often heard -my sad story from the neighbors/there; but you have not heard the truth.* This was rather a long address for a ghost to make. But I did uot interrupt the sounds of her inexpressibly beautiful though mournful voice, which was a : mixture of the murmurs of a shell and the soft breathings of an JEolian harp. When she ceased, 'No, I am'not afraid,' I said, ' and if I can be of any service to you I shall be truly pleased.' Bather a common-place style of talking to a ghost,.but I did not feel frightened, and, strange to'say;'the whole, thing seemed natural to me—as natural as if 1 had been talking to any person in one of my .-clerical visits- 'A pale luminous mist began, to fill the cabin^ and a wornan slowly shaped herself out: of it. She was sitting on a low chair, with' ;h'er lead ^between -her hands and lier elbo ws Testing On her inees. Her long rich hair fell over her shoulders, and forward in front of her hands, ' arid made her face ; a darkness from me.' She said, ina low tone, which came stifled through her fingers and hair, 'Now the. hour is coine when all my weary sufferings are nearly ended."' I have made, as you see me now, many voyages in this ship. Every •voyage ' I have endeavored to' find some one to. listen to me; but all, alas ! shrank from the poop .unhappy... spirit except yourself. Ten years ago I left any home, and was married to an officer in the army. His regiment was.'ordered to India. He promised me that if' I wou'.d accompany hij» he would t-hiere . announce our marriage to his friends aiid mini!: He took his cabin ostensibly for his baggage, but he brought me into it unnoticed the. day the ship sailed from Gravesend, when their Was all the stir and comtnotioa of many coming on board to bid farewell to those whom they might never see again. The key was always turned on. me. Ho w shall I go on with my dreadful history ? Here he promised me—me who had trusted him alone—who had forsaken all for him. But this is my grief—this is why I haunted continually the scene of my miseries. My parents do not know that I ever was married,. They think of me as a poor misguided girl,:—as one who gave up friends and home, and virtue, .without a pang. Above all their sorrow for ray departure is their grief for what they conceive,to have been my sin. Little do they know their daughter's heart and all it cost her to leave them ! Little do they- know the claims of deception which were wouud around her, and oh, a woman's love helped to bind more firmly. We were married in the little village of B , on the banks of the Thames, and my husband's name was Captain E., of the Begiment. He is now Major E., and is in Calcutta- Promise me that you will procure the certificate of my marriage from the clergyman of B. Promise me that you will make known to my parents the circumstances of my mar- riage. Say to them that I died in my passage to India, but not how I died. " I shall from this time forward, bo happy. Do not ask me how or where, but I shall be happy. Then she raised her head from her hands and turned unto me ' the starlike sorrows of immortal eyes' in which the light of happiness was already beginning to beam. The same luminous mist again filled the cabin, and she seemed to float out upwards with a smile of joy. ' This is my story, and the cabin is haunted no longer.' 