CURRENT TOPICS. The body of a man, named Fulham, who had died of exposure, has been found in a paddock, at Nuntin, in Gtipps Land. A lubra has been murdered by a black- fellow (who is in custody) in a quarrel at East Charlton, in the Wedderburn district. A Chinaman has committed suicide with strychnine, in Little Bourke- street, Mel bourne; and a fellow named M'Dcrmott has been apprehended in the neighbour hood of Kyneton, for committing a criminal assault on a young girl ten years of age,^the daughter of a farmer. The deserter from the 18th Royal Irish, who swam ashore on the night before the ship Wnlrner Castle sailed, in which he was being sent to England as a prisoner, and who succeeded in reaching Williamstown, and had not afterwards been heard of, was arrested yesterday in Melbourne. A large wooden hotel on Soldier's Ilill, Ballarat, and several cottages adjacent, were accidentally burned down on Wed nesday morning early. The inmates of the hotel had difficulty in escaping, and one of them sustained a very serious sprain of the ankle in jumping from a window. A survey is now going on for the supply of Pleasant Creek with water from Mount Cole. Gold is now carried from the north western gold-fields to Ballarat by Cobb and Co., at the rate of twopence per oz. •The coaches which carry the gold do not convey ordinary passengers. One coach lately took down 6000 ozs. from Ararat and Pleasant Creek. A telegraphic post was cttt down a few days ago on the line between Ararat and Streatham, and communication interrupted for a time. It is supposed that some bullock-driver, having broken the pole of his dray, cut down the post to supply its place. , The numerous fungi, so common in Australia during the wet seasons, are un usually numerous and brilliant this season, I we pieeipe, «]3<pi the prevails ing dampness. On dark nights the bush roads and by-paths are rendered quite weird-like by the luminous appearances. A dead sword-fish has been found on the sea beach near the mouth of the River Hopkins. It was eleven feet in length, the saw being three feet ten inches long. An attempt to, grow flax is about to be made by Mr D. Edgar,. a well-known firmer in the Harrow district, on a farm be holds at South Portland. H.M.S. Rlnncheis to sail from Sydney in a few days to make search in the Auckland Islands for shipwrecked seamen. Judge Rogers "(says the Telegraph) has obtained twelve mouths' leave of ab sence, and intends proceeding at once to England. It does not seem probable that any immediate successor will be appointed; hut in the event of its being found desirable, .either Judge Macoboy or Judge Skinner, as the most experienced in mining law, will be transferred to the Ballarat district to perform the important duties in connection ■with the Court of Mines. We observe from the English papers, that her Majesty's ship Brisk, granted by the Admiralty to the International Mid channel Telegraph Company, has been successfully moored at the entrance of the English Channel, by Rear-Admiral Hall, C.B., in about 50 fathoms of. water: ■ Her hearings lie:—Bishop Rock Lighthouse, N. by E., distant 33 miles; Wolf Rock, If.E. i E., distant 40 miles; Land's End, N.E. i E., distant 49 miles; Lizard, E. by H. 4 If., distant 56 miles; and Ushant, S. by 1i! •! iJScfnnfr milftc Ckit\mnetn»B E. J E., distant 70 miles. Shipmasters bound inwards will probably make for this telegraph ship to report their arrival at the earliest moment. The Brisk, it will be observed, is stationed nearly in mid cbannel. Ten deer have lately been imported from Tasmania, by a gentleman of South Aus tralia, for acclimatising purposes. Eight • were landed in good condition. The Select Committee of the Assembly on the subject of federation, is to be con verted into a Royal Commission (consisting of the same members) so that they will be able to prosecute their inquiries during the recess. In the Sydney Morning Herald, of the 1st instant, is published a long article, headed " A Strange Story," in which reference is made to the loss of the vessel Sperwer, and the massacre of the crew. The article makes the assumption that Mrs Gascoigne and her children were on board with Captain Gascoigne at the time of the wreck. We (Argus) have been requested to state that Mrs Gascoigne did not accompany her husband on that un- fortunate voyage, and is now living at Prahran. A new steamer for the Hunter River and Sydney trade, of 720 tons burden, and 250 horse power, is now being built at Greenock, and is to come out by the route of the Suez Canal. The principal case tried in the Supreme Court of Hobart Town this week, was one of breach of promise of marriage. It was that of Wickins v Ilill, in which the damages were laid at £1000. The plaintiff is a young woman 30 years of age, the defendant is supposed to be 70. After a short courtship, and the presentation as a wedding gift of a twenty-guinea gold watch and chain to his intended by the gay Lothario, the happy day was fixed, but in three days after broken oft', for what reason did not clearly appear, although it was suggested by the defendant's counsel it was because of the exorbitant demand of the plaintiff's father for a marriage settle ment. The case afforded scope for the ! play of counsels' wit, and the Solicitor General on the part of the plaintiff, and Mr Isaacs for the defendant, made the most of the opportunity. A verdict was given for the plaintiff, damages £200, the sum which it is said Mr Hill bad offered Miss Wickins before the case came into court. We have heard a story (saj's the Bal larat Star) which is said to be quite true, illustrative of tbe smartness of a "managing woman." Some time ago tbe heroine, whose husband is a lucky mining specu lator, seeing that bad times were last coming upon Ballarat, and afraid of allow ing her other half to drink tbe proceeds of a certain mining dividend, set her wits to work to get the money into her own pos session. On tbe night before tbe date of the dividend being due and payable, she became very indulgent to tbe propqsed victim to her scheme, and gave him as much as he could drink of the strongest liquor in the house. Beiftg-exceedingly fond of the medicine, he reduced himself before the hour for retiring to rest to a state of help less drunkenness, and was carried to his night couch by a sturdy servant. Tbe gentleman once out of sight amid tbe blankets and curtains, his better half care fully cleared away to beyond his reach all his boots, and also every specimen ot that garment which all "white men," except Highlanders, patronise, and which is ren dered absolutely requisite by the Police Offences Statute. The mining speculator rose from his bed in the morning with a severe headache, and soon discovered his want of the articles stowed away; hut suspecting a trick, he refrained from asking a single question. He went to work on his own account. He is in the habit of always wearing spectacles when he walks abroad^ and with these on, in addition to a hat and topcoat, he made his way fearlessly to a hotel at some distance from his house, where he was known as a valuable cus tomer. Here be was supplied with a pair of unmentionables and a pair of boots, and, determining to have bis dividend cheque from the distant mining company's office befoie his wife could get it, he sent for a cab. While he was waiting for it, however, he saw a female from another cab that he attempted to hail, vulgarly " taking a lunar" at him, and discovered to his dismay that it was his wife on her way to the mine. He posted after her as soon as possible, but found that she and the cheque had both gone. Tbe next best thing he could do, be then thought, was to go with all baste and stop payment at tbe bank. He did so, but overpowered by bis " little failing," stopped at two or three hotels on tbe way to take a drink himself and " wet cabby's whistle," and by so doing arrived just too late. The managing woman, guessing shrewdly at bis game, had gone to the bank without any delay, and carried off the value of the cheque in coin of tbe realm. . The quartz mines at Sandhurst appears to be turning out very well of late; indeed, they have been more generally productive than ever they were before. Last week ■the dividends exceeded £8000, and were paid by thirteen companies working twelve different lines of reef. 