THE CORNWALL CHRONICLE WITH WHICH IS INCORPORATED THE LAUNCESTON TIMES. Lei it be impressed upon vour minds— let (t be In milled into your children, that the Libkiitv of tub Press istlie palladium of all lie evil, politi cal, and religious rights of au Englishman.— Ju Libuktt wi(U danger Is to be preferred to slavery with security— Saexust. TO COBBESrOKDKKTS. All ocimniunloalionH to the ICiiltor for inseri'on In the Cornwall Chrrmiclr must be auIUenl icutcd y the name and n-Mrcss of the writer, not aece« , r |y f». nuhiiraiilnn. hut an a mmrnntce .)( eoni fiit . Correspondent! must write distinctly, and on one side of the paper only. W- ill. iiui iiirimiv ourselves with the op Dions o! our correspondents. We cunanl undertake to return rejected conni' nl a tiuna. Satdhday, Octobeb 29, 1870. TnE comparative statements of the re venue of Tasmania, published in the Government Gazette of Tuesday, 18th ultimo, afford an apt illustration of the downward progress of tlie colony under our present system of Government, and thoroughly belie the hopeful predictions of (he Colonial Treasurer when figuring out the prospects of the year in 1869. 6pealring of his general revenue for 1870, Mr Chapman represented a positive margin of receipts over ex penditure of al-out £2,300. He 'ad- mitted the margin was small, but with prudent management their income was sufficient to meet their expenditure, and therefore it was not their intention to propose to Parliament any additional taxation, at least at the present tiinc.' Such were the Treasurer's words on the 31*t August last year ; how soon he has found reason to change his time the legislation of the past session will con vince the public. By practical ex perience the people will learn the value of Mr Chapman's promises, and should th« present dose of rctaliative taxation fail, that of 1871 will surely tiring them io their senses. It is an unfortunate thing for the colony that representatives cannot be found having a sufficiency of perception and moral courage to investi gate and deal with the past as well as with the present. Au occasional revi sion of Mr Cbepniaa's speeches and promises of former years wonld con vince all how utterly hollow and unre liable he is, and how thoroughly un principled is the system upon .which he manages colonial affairs. Take a very small item as an instance. Referring to the census, and desirous to secure for his Government the credit for economy, Mr Chapman told the House, in 1869, ' when that was taken before it was at a cost of £1,628. They hoped to be able to do it on the pre sent occasion at a cost of £1,500.' What is the fact? Why, the last census cost £2,071 4s, or £571 more than tho estimate — yet there was not a single member of Parliament who ventured to call for an explanation of the increased expenditure. The figures before us show that the estimates of re ceipts under the general revenue for the year have been far under the amounts .estimated. When addressing the Par liament in 1869, the Treasurer esti mated his customs revenue at £142,800, bond rents and charges £1,300, inland revenue £53,600, making & total of £197,700. The item interest on Lauu ceston and Western Railway and cer tain contributions in aid from the Impe rial Government, brought the amount up to £228,100. Since the above esti mate was stated, additional taxation lias been imposed, and even with this it does not seem as if the estimate would befarexceededbytheactualreceipts. For the first three quarters of the year the sources of revenue remained unchanged, and it is fair to examine the figures in order to tee what tho deficiency would have been had additional taxation not been imposed. For the first quarter the total revenue was £44,89.5, or an increase of £1,922 on the corresponding period of the year 1869. For the second quarter the receipts ? were £4G,620, or a decrease of £341 ; and for the third quarter the receipts were £37,767, or a decrease of £6,031. The ;e figures show a total net decrease on the first three quarters of the year, as compared with the fame period of 1869, of £4,450. Tbe general revenue for the last quarter of 1869 amounted to £60,008, aud showed a decrease, as compared with tbe same period of 1-868, of £6,807; and this, notwithstand ing the increase ii- the customs and stamp duties. We shall not assume any such decrease as likely to have occurred duriug the last quarter of the present year under the old tariff, but wo may fairly take the average of the first throe quarters and say that, had new duties not been imposed, there would have been a decrease of £1,500. This would give a general revenue for the quarter of £58,508 and would bring the general revenue for the year up to £187,790 or nearly £10,000 less than was estimated by the Colonial Treasurer when making his financial statement in 1869\. It will be argued by some per sons tiiat tho Colonial Treasurer is not accountable for this condition of affairs, that it is due to the altered 6tate of trade in the colonies, and that it is unfair to charge a Minister with the failure of estimated resources over which be could not possibly exercise control. Were this a solitary instance of Minis terial failure we could understand and might admit the plea. But it is not so. The Treasurer's estimates have failed ever since lie assumed office and in spite of a continuously declining reveriuc no effort has been made to retrieve the failing fortunes of the colony. The difficulty has been met year after year, by increasing taxation, by transfcring amounts from the land fund — spending the capital of the colony in paying mere current expenses — or by some other equally absurd financial expedient. The effective population is gradually being drained out of the country, trade languishes in every department, still the Government make no sign excepting to tax. No attempt is made to initiate a progressive policy, ivo hear no plan suggested to inspire oven a reasonable hope that the tide of misfortune may be checked. Tbe Alpha and Omega of the Chapman theory of Government is to make ' cuds meet,' and so long as the people are tamely willing to submit to additional taxation to supply deficiencies when they occur, not a thought will ever be expended on tho future of the country. With a sub servient Parliament this eort of schem ing may serve very well to keep a Min istry in office, but it is a system which cannot last for ever. The last straw breaks the camel's back, and tbe Trea surer must ultimately reach bis last straw if he continues in the same course now followed. In 1869 we indicated pretty cl arly what would bp the dodge in 1870, and we were not deceived. We warned Government then that they were fast accomplishing the ruin of the trad ing public, and called upon them to make some effort to ensure a little pro gress. At the same time we doubted whether they would do so, and said, ' Possibly Ministers have taken au ac curato estimate of tbe materials with which they have to deal in the Houses of Legislature, but we may inform them tbat a similar disregard of positive pledges attempted in any country where an organised opposition party existed, would soon end in their being hurled from office, upon a 'no confidence' motion.' That we were correct in the above assumption is fully proved by the words of the Colonial Treasurer regarding the taxation of last session. 'He knew the new tariff would be unpalatable out of doors, but he counted bis strength in the Assembly and hoped to make it palatable there.' Tasmania is at the present time ruled by a despotic oligarchy comprising Messrs. Wilson, Chapman and Co,, and the meetings of Parliament arc in reality little better than a stupendous farce. If the people of the country do not intend at the next general elec tion to Tpnse themselves and to look for more disinterested and dorc patriotic representatives, it would be better far that no nominations should be made, but that the Government of the country should once for all be left in the hands of men who are regarded as indispen sable, who have bought, up a majority in the Houses, and who can now afford to laugh at any expression of public . opinion. On the last day of Parlia ment, when asked by Mr Charles Mere dith, whether it is the intention of the Executive to call Parliament to meet in July, 1871, or to advise His Excel lency to -dissolve, and, priot to Parlia ment again sitting, proceed to a general election? the Colonial Treasurer re died ' that, in tho advice which Min isters may tender to His Excellency on the subject of the future Parliament, or the dissolution of Parliament, they will be gnidad solely by public considera tions and their duty to tho couutry.' Few who have watched tho Colonial Treasurer's career, can fail to perceive the solemn mockery of tlicso words — ' public consideration' and 'duty to tbe country' nieaus keeping Mr Treasurer Chapman aud his colleagues in office, and any course likely to secure that object will be adopted, without reference to the advantage of the public. Mr Gregson was quite right when he ap pealed to Mr Chapman's patriotism, and asked him to ' go away.' He said ' the lion, gentleman had it in his power to save the colony if he would,' but there is little fear of him attempting anything of the kind. £700 a year, and an obedient legislature, are luxuries not to be picked up in every constitu tional country, and their possession is even worth the risk of being igno miniously kicked out at last. The European news received by the Californian and Suez mails is of the most thrilling interest, and involves serious apprehensions for the future of Europe. The details of the struggle between France and Prussia give a har rowing picture of the horrors of war, conducted with the deadly appliances of advanced science, and amid the influ ences of nineteenth-century civilisation j but terrrible as is the picture it will in deed sinkintoinsignificance should other great Powers be unfortunately drawn into combat. Russia and Austria nego tiating, with a view to the restoration of peace between the hostile Powers, on the basis of a recognition of her Eastern policy, means but an exchange of com plications, and it is questionable whether the total destruction of Paris and utter humiliation of the French nation would not be far preferable to the evils which would follow such an arrangement. We have not sufficient information before ub to warrant any lengthy comment upon the situation, but it appears, at a first glance, exceedingly serious, and likely to destroy the neutrality of Great Britain. The negotiations tor an armistice seem to have been continued by tbe great Powers until the middle of September, and to have excited a belief tbat Paris might be spared, but our latest tele gram dated 4tb October, announcing the continuance of the siege, seems to belie that hope. The position taken by King William appears thoroughly dig nificd and consistent, and his refusal to treat with any but tbe authorised agents of Napoleon's monarchy is justified un ler the circumstances by public law. The representatives of the new Republic of France stand in tbe position of usurpers. They are a thoroughly self constituted power, without the guaran tee even of national support, excepting such as is accorded in an extreme position. They can scarcely hope for recognition by the leading European Courts, and until so recognised clearly they could give no guarantee for the endurance of any peace established by them. This con ? sidcration doubtless formed tbe chief grounds of Count BismaTck's refusal to accept Jules Favre's terms unless ac companied by the cession of Lorraine and Alsace as a material guarantee against future trouble ; the refusal to accede to such terms, while showing a high estimate of French courage aud endurance, and a desire to prevent too great a national humiliation, is never theless to be regarded as a sort of pa triotic folly. At the time of the refusal Strasbourg and Metz were both invaded by the hostile Prussians ; since then Strasbourg has fallen, and with it the Prussians are virtually the conquerors of tbe province of Alsace. At the date of our latest news Metz still held out, but its fall seemed iniminont, and with that great fortified city may be said to* go the province of Lorraine. On the borders of Alsace Schlestsadt remained, but was bombarded, and to the north of Strasbourg was Hagenau, bat this, too, was in the possession of tbe Prussians. North of Metz is Thionville, a strongly fortified place, indeed between these two cities was extended the base of the French army until routed by the Prus sians. Should these fortresses fall, which is most likely, the two provinces asked by Bismarck will belong to Prus sia, and Jules Favre's refusal to cede them will represent another instance of that bounce which has distinguished French men since the commencement of the war. Their possession gives Prussia the com mand of France, or will at least enable her to prevent aggression on the part of that nation to the east or north. This will fully account for the alleged indifference of Germany regarding the future form of . government to exist in France. With the fortifications of these two provinces garrisoned by Prussian troops, King William wonld become the strongest monarch in Eu rope, and might well afford to smile at any political vagaries committed bf Mb once powerful neighbour. Onr readers are by this time fully posted ia the de tails of the straggle, and it is unneces sary to dwell upon the fearful carnage which has distinguished the latter en, gagements, The awffll amount of Imtnan suffering and misery entailed by the war, may be feebly estimated by tho circumstance that Great Britain and America have both bean compelled to act in the cause of humanity, and to despatch surgeons and nurses with their appliances to the scene of battle. One item of intelligence that comes to us by way of California should not pass un noticed. We allude to the alleged treachery on the part of the French Commander, the decapitation of pri soners at Strasbourg, and tho exhibition of their heads on poles, the expulsion of miserable Germans from the city to perish between the fire of the two armies, and the alleged springing of a mine after the pretended surrender of Laon, and the blowing up of Prussian troops as' they were entering a city where tbe French flag had been struck. 3 hese doings are alto gether beyond the rules of civilised war fare, and will, doubtless, exact a fearful retribution. We have heard various douhts thrown on this part of the Cali fornian news, on the ground that it is not repeated via Suez, but onr readers must remember that our telegrams all pass through the hands of our Mel bourne correspondent, who would not repeat news which he had sent by cable only the evening previously. We fear there is no good reason to doubt the authenticity of the intelligence. The withdrawal of French bayonets from Rome has endangered the temporal power of the Pope. A revolution in Florence and signs of discontent throughout the Kingdom determined Victor Emanuel to order his troops into tho Roman Provinces, and, after slight resistance, Rome was taken possession of, and Bis Holiness dispatched to rus ticate at Civita Vecchia. No doubt this movement would, as the King said, pre vent bloodshed, and should the plebis cite determine upon annexation to Italy, temporal sovereignty will fall from tho throne of St. Peter. Passing from Continental to home matters, we find colonial questions still a subject of discus sion, the arena being changed to Liver pool, where the meetings of the British association have been held. The Press of England favors Australasian federa tion, and it will be interesting to learn the view of the subject taken by English journalists. The failure of several large wool houses will be a tem porary blow to the pastoral interest in the colonies, and may occasion consi derable loss, in which it is to be hoped Tasmania will not share to any very great extent. The market for wool ap pears to be unchanged, but as heavy parcels were held over from last sales, we fear no great improvement need be looked for. Australian debentures con tinue firm, which is an encouraging sign for colonies whose Governments are enterprising enough to spend money in the permanent improvement of the public estate. Whether private capi talists will be as ready to invest their money in distant and hazardous enter prises as the supporters of our Main Line Railway ' scheme' believe, yet re mains to be seen. There is a vast dif ference between bnying colonial deben tures, and buying shares in speculative ' schemes,' and we really fear the legis lation of last session in this respect will disappoint the hopes of the schemers. Odd Fkixows Anniversary, Pcinoh of Wamss' Birthday.— The anniversary of the Cornwall and Star of Tasmania Lodges of Independent Order of Odd Fellows, if.U., will be celebrated on the 9th November, Prince of Wales' Birthday, by a grand tea meeting in the hall of the Mechanics' Insti tute. Tickets may be obtained from the N.G., V.6., and other present and past offi cers, and from the Secretary, Mr J. Brick hill. . Peejobt. — The man Charles Phillips, charged with committing- wilful and corrupt par jury at the Supreme Court, Hobart Town, on the 8th of July last, was brought up at the Police Court, Hobart Town, on Tuesday. As however, Mr Alfred NichoJ&B;, of SoreU, the prosecutor in the case, was, through illness, prevented from being present, the case was further remanded till Tuesday nest, the 1st proximo. Whstbbrt Wouxnitt Mes's Cusb.— The annual meeting of the Working Men's Bene fit Club, Westbury, is to be held at the Public Library at 9 a.m., on Wednesday, the 16th November, for the election of officers and the despatch of business. Divine ser vice will be held in the respective churches at II o'clock, and the members will dine together at the Bcrriedale Inn, at 2 p.m. THEATRE ROYAL. — On Monday evening a new sensation is to be produced at the Theatre Royal, viz., the Irish drama, '"Willie O'Meara." This production is from the pen of H. J. D'Emden, Esq., barristcr at-law, and is illustrative of the condition of affairs in Ireland in the troublous days of '98. The piece had a good run when pro duced in Melbourne, and in Hobart Town also it was highly commended. It contains some capital situations, and is a creditable literary production. Mr Seymour Spiller is to play the character of the hero, Willie O'Meara, and Miss Kate O'Reilly that of Norah Foyle. Launcbston Back Meeting, 1671.— In consequence of the Victoria Baring Club Spring Meeting having boon postponed for * week, owing to the inclemency at the weather, the declaration of weights for the Tatnar landioap -stanta deferred from the loth of November until alter tfre1 Melbourne Cop lag been run foe, The entire programme or the three days -races will ttisa.be pub lished. ? -.* DnAWiSG-nooM TnxATRic.u.s at the Mechanics' Institute. — The members of the Launcestoii Amateur Dramatic Club, assisted by Miss Ada and Miss 1'anny Hart, gave a draiu/Uic performance n( the Me chanics' Institute last Tuesday. A now singe, with gas footlights and new curtain, was provided, and the n'holc front tastefully de corated with (lugs, ferns, and flowers. ' The orchestra was occupied by the full band of the ? Launceston Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, and they performed nn overture to each piece very finely. The first piece, (lie humor ous comedietta ' Hunting a Turtle,' was very fairly placed on the small stage aud each of the characters were well sustained. Miss Ada Hart delineating the character of Mrs Turtle very ably. Mr Turtle was well represented by Mr 6. C. Israel ; the hon. Mr Lcvison, by Mr Charles William Koclicr ; Smatter, by Mr J. A. Ferguson ; and Timothy Dandylion, by Mr J. L. Irvine. These characters were on a par as regards the manner in which they were sustained. The little piece ran merrily without the slightest hitch and without aid from the prompter. After a short intermission the curtain rose on ' Aladdin, or the wonder ful Scamp,' a burlesque which Sir Wil liam and Lady Don appeared in a fow days before they left to proceed to Hobart Town. Of course it is difficult to imagine a burlesque as successful without frequent change of beautiful scenery and the aid of all the ac cessories of a Theatre. The dramatic ama teurs, therefore.desei're all the more credit for making tho burlesque entirely successfully on a stage where speetaculav effect and cluuigc of scene were utterly impossible. The curtain rose upon the Sultan Mr C.W. llocher and his Vizier, Mr J. L. Irvine, both got up regardless of expense, the Sultan's dress having originally cost fifteen guineas. The Bccne was Improved considerably by the use of a number of Chinese lanterns. Pekoe, the Vizier's son, was well personated by Mr P. Ferguson j the part of Abanazar was cleverly delineated by Mr J. A. Ferguson ; and with the Widow Twankay (Sir William Don's great character) by Mr G. C. Israel, elicited numerous outbursts of laughter throughout the piece ; Miss Fanny Hart was very lively, and looked a real Ori ental beauty as the Princess Badroulba dour ; but Miss Ada Hart, as Aladdin (Lady Don's), was certainly the most attractive character in the burlesque. The Sultan made some capital hits in his metrical address to the Princess Badroulbadour j aud Abanazar was quite as successful in his local so'ig, ' Hoct ou the Square Boys.' In danc ing the final breakdown, Aladdin made a comical apology iu rhyme for the limited stage, but it was quite uncalled for, and the only reply was a shower of bouquets, followed by one of applause. Bouquets were thrown liberally on the pretty little stage frequently, and as the characters were well dressed, well sustained, every one being perfect in his or bef part, the songs good, the dancing better, it is not surprising that the piece was a brilliant success. Mr C. Henry presided at the piano, and Mr Abbott assisted him in playing the accom paniments and incidental music in the bur lesque. The hall was well filled, though for tunately not crowded, as the weather was sultry, and the audience comprised a great many ladies who would have suffered inconvenience if the hall had been more crowded. A benevolent attempt was made to give them more space by offer ing tickets at the door to admit to the Thcutrc ' free gratis and for nothing,' (an emphatic mode of expressing a fact in tripli cate) and by circulating a rumour that the Dramatic Club was indebted to the lessee, a statement which was aud issimply untrue. An audience was obtained elsewhere for the theatre at the reduced tariff — gratis. Found Dead in the North Esk.— The body of a rnau named William Williams was found floating iu the North Esk about 8 o'clock on Tui s lay morning, some 50 yards above the Tainar bridge and IS from the bank on the south side. It was brought ashore and placed at the Terminus Hotel, where an inquest was held at 3 p.m. yester day, before Thomas Mason, Esq.., coroner. Williams had arrived hero early in the month by the schooner Annie, laden with guano. Williams had been iu the employ of the A.A. Guano Company, and being some thing of a botanist and couchologist, had collected the seeds of beautiful tropical plants, some flue pieces of coral, aud a large assortment of handsome shells. Since his arrival here be had been going about town vending the coral and shells, lie had been gardener to Sir William Dcnison, and was a very intelligent man. He was missing since Monday, the 17th instant, but it was supposed he had gone to Hobart Town to get a settlement with the ^ Guano Company. On Monday week he called at Mr B. Crow's, Market House Tavern, and had two or three pints of beer, and bought a hat ; he promised to pay for all when Mr Hogarth paid him. He came in at about 1 1 and left about 2 o'clock. He ap peared quite sober, and was in good spirits, talking about his coral and shells. The body was discovered by John Andrews and James Collins ; neither of them knew him in his lifetime. Dr. Wigan deposed that there were no marks of violence on the body, except a few bruises on the left side of the face, notsumcient to cause death, but nearly all the signs of drowning were want ing ; there was no distinct sign of drown ing, and he could not discover any signs of the cause of death. ; deceased might have I fallen down in a fit, or he might have been I drowned ; the body must have been several I days in the water ; it was very improbable I that, if drowned, all the signs would have I been wanting. There was nothing to in^ I duce him to believe that the death of the I deceased was caused by violence. Tbe jury returned as their verdict, that the deceased was found dead in the North Esk River ?, that there were no marks of violence on the body, and Jiow, or by what means lie came into the water, or to bis death, were to the jury unknown. Medical Officer ro the Benefit Sociei its. — A deputation, consisting of two members from each of the Benefit Societies of Launceston, waited upon Dr. Maddox recently, and requested him to become medical officer on terms which would give him on income from that source of £600 a year. We understand that Dr. lladdox sig nified his willingness to accept the terms, and the Societies have since been holding meetings to enable each to formally elect I him medical officer, in accordance with their I rules. It is probable Dr. Maddox will, in I consequence of this, resign, hitmppointment as I Surgeon- Superintendent of the General Hos- ? pital. This is not surprising, as the pitiful I salary now attacked, to that appointment is I too trifling to retain any medical practitioner I of high, standing long in. so responsible. » I situation. , ? Geuai-d SorriE's Devekce. — Ou Thurs day week when (lie news was communicated to G. H. Supple that lie would be tried for the capital offence of shooting -it Mr G. P. Smith with intent to kill, he appeared much excited. H' said lie would defend himself instead of being defended by a Crown bar, and Uo aftecwm- Jg repeated that this was his determination. Thk Chime of Fonnns. — The Argus of 1 8th inst. gives the following particulars re specting Forbes, who was apprehended at Hobart Town, and takcu to Melbourne by Detective Forster : — Andrew Forbes, the Williftuistown waterman, was yesterday com mitted for trial, at Sandridgc, for criminally assaulting Elizabeth Jordan in his open boat in Hobson's Bay, on the 1 2th September last. The prisoner was to have been defended by Mr Stephen, solicitor, but that gentleman had an engagement elsewhere, and the pro secution could not consent to ft further re mand until Thursday because the ship of which a material witness was boatswain, was on the eve of sailing for China. The prisoner's wife appeared in court when the application lor the adjournment was made, with one child in her arms, and another by her side. Forbes wore a castxfown look from the beginning to the end of the case, but went into tears at the sight of his wife. The evidence in sub stance went to show that the prisoner had induced Mrs Jordan to go into his boat, in the belief that she was particularly wanted by her brother-in- law, at Williams town, who had sent the prisoner for her. Instead of taking the boat to Wil liauislowii, the prisoner sailed down past the lightship, and then told Mrs Jor dan that it was impossible to make either Williamstown or Sandridge. The wind was blowing strong, and the boat tumbling about. The prisoner had twice stated that he could not get directly across on account of the wind, and at last gave Mrs Jordan to understand that she was in danger. She proposed to make signals, but lie at first said it was no use, and then threatened to put her over the side of the boat. The alleged assault, which, as de scribed in evidence, amounted to a capital offence, then took place, though the prisoner was some little time in effecting his purpose. He asked her if she would say anything about it, and, being afraid of her life, she ?aid she would not. The prisoner ultimately put her ashore at the St. Kilda jetty, follow ing her half way up to the railway station to get her again to promise to say noth ing. She came on to Sandridgc, and the police were at once informed of what had taken place. The pri soner borrowed 10s at Kenny's baths, and left his boat as security for the money. He was next met with at Hobart Town, where he was apprehended on the 5th instant. The boat, which had his name upon it, was re deemed by his wife. Independently of the evidence of Mrs Jordan, there was the testi mony of her brother, who was present when the prisoner made the statement which in duced her to go with him ; also the testi mony of a boatman, who saw them land at St. Kilda j of her brother-in-law, who swore he never sent the prisoner for his sisterin law i and also of Mr Curtis, surgeon, who made a medical examination of Mrs Jordan. The prisoner, by the questions he put in cross-examination, seemed desirous nf prov ing that he was drinking on the morning of the assault, but the answers he got went to show that he was sober. Mr Windsor, solicitor, offered to watch the case for the prisoner, but the nature of his ser vices did not appear to be understood by the prisoner, who, very early in the proceedings, decided that as he could not get the assist ance of the gcntlemau who knew the nature of his defence he would have none. He re served his defence. The Bench decided on not granting bail, but it was not asked for. Tns Northern Aoiucdlturai. Show. — The show at Longford on Wednesday next is likely to eclipse any of its annual predeces sors both in the number and character of the exhibits ; there are already entered one hundred in excess of last year. In addition to fourteen fat bullocks, there are twenty four hunters, and the number of carriage horses is unexpectedly great. But for the fact that the shearing will prevent many whose names generally appear largely as ex hibitors, from putting in an appearance this year, tlio yards would have been crowded to excess. The reduction of the annual sub scription has probably had some influence in carrying out this agreeable state of affairs. Primitive Wijsi.kvan Sundav ScnooL Akkivkbsarv. — Three services were held in the Hall of the Mechanics' Institute on Sum day, in celebration of the anniversary of the Primitive Wcslcyan Sunday School. There wag a good attendance in the morning and afternoon, and in the evening, the large hall was crowded. A raised, sloping platform had been erected at the southern end of the hall, for the Sunday school children and the ministers, preached from the midst of them. The Rev. Joseph Langham, the first Primitive Methodist minister here, but now of Victoria, preached from St Paul's 1st Epistle to the Corinthians, XV., 51, S2, ' Behold, I BtaaU show you a mystery. We shall not all sleep, but we shall' all be changed, in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the lost trump ; for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall he raised incorruptable, and we shall be changed.' Mr Langham delivered a very able discourse on this awe-inspiring subject the Rcsurection. He was in terrupted about the middle of it, as a young girl on the platform had to be carried out in a fainting state. At the close of the service the Hcv. Mr Langham was warmly welcomed back, by a number of friends in the congre gation. The Rev. J. Smith notified that at tlie last anniversary, there were on the books 88 children, 21 teachers, and one assistant visitor; 2G children and IOtcachcrsleftduring the year ; and 44 children and 7 teachers were admitted, leaving on the books to date 105 children, an increase of 17, and 18 teachers, and one assistant visitor. The fisv A. W. Grant preached in the afternoon from 2nd Epistle of John, port of 4th verse. 'I rejoiced greatly that I found of they children walking in truth ;' and again in the «vcningfrom 1st Kings XVIIL, 21., 'How long halt ye between two opinions ; if the Lord he God, follow him ; but if Baal, titen follow him.' A large number of visitors could not get admission to the evening ser vice, and every spot of standing room, even to the lobby, was crowded. The children *ungthe hymns specially selected for the occasion very well. Mrs Ken worthy presided at the harmoninm. The amounts collected were morning, £4 Is lid ; afternoon, £6 ?s 9d; evening, £10 Us ; total £20 0s 8d. A public w» meeting was held in the chapel, «rcdcrick-6treet, on Monday evening; tea at a quarter past 7 p.m. After tea the meeting was addressed by the Rev. J. Langham, «ev. A. W. Grant, Bev. T. E. O. Mell, and other ministers and friends. A New Cab.— Mr Crocker, coaeunraker, Patterson-street, has just completed another very luindsonic car for a livery stable keeper, ft is an inside car with entrance at the back, seats for three on each side, and two on the driving seat. The work on this car inside and out is very superior. The car is painted a purple lake, picked out with vcrniillion and lake. It is covered with American cloth japanned, a material which looks very like Morocco leather. The seats are formed into lockers, and there is a large boot under the driving scat, with pockets inside the car, affording plenty of stowage for pic nic par ties. The lamps are a very fine pair with silver reflectors at the sides and with glass front and rear. Opposite to each is a glass, allowing the light to show inside the car, so that on a lengthy journey at night the pas sengers may read as comfortably as in a well lighted room. The vehicle is a credit to Mr Crocker's establishment. Primitivi! METiionisT Sunday School. — A tea-meeting in connection with tlie eleventh anniversary of the above sehojl was held in the chapel, Frederick-street on Monday evening. A splendid tea was pre pared by Mr S. J. Stilton, which was freely partaken of by a large assemblage. After tea a public meeting was held. The Rev. Joshua Smith having apologised for the ab sence of several ministers, voted Thomas Kdginton, Esq. to the chair. The chairman in a short but-earnest address, spoke of the very satisfactory state of the school generally, and of the marked attention of the scholars attending. The Bev. Joshua Smith then read a statement showing the ameunt collected as follow : — Oa Sunday last the sum of £20 0s Sd, with a further sum of £15 10s 9d collected by the teacher' and scholars, amounting in all to £35 14s 5d. The Rev. T. E. O. Mell, of Longford ; the Rev. A. W. Grant, of Perth ; the Rev. Joseph Langham, recently arrived from Melbourne ; and the Hev. W. Law, of the Independent Chapel, Frederick-street'; de livered very interesting addresses. During the evening selections, which had been pre pared for the occasion, were very nicely rendered by the choir. Next Sunday after noon the distribution of prizes takes place. The Tasmanian Catholic Standard. — We have received a copy of the Standard for October. It contains very interesting matter — Notes from Rome. The Pope infal lible, apart from the consent of the Episco pate. Irish sympathy with France. The war. Napoleou's treachery to Italy. First impression of Sydney. Undemonstrative Tosmanians. Mr limes on Education. The Bishop of Hobart Town at Maynooth. The recent will case, ' Rogers v. Espic,' &c.; A Siiabp Maoei.— A New Zealand chief, Wi Tako Ngatata, in the course of an exami nation before the Petitions Committee at Wellington, delivered himself as follows re specting the effect of the European law upon his own people : — ' The law is defec tive. When a Maori commits an offence against another Maori, no notice is taken of it ; and therefore I say, although the Go vernment tells us that we Maories arc un der the same laws as the Europeans, we, the Maories, receive no benefit from the law. The Europeans keep the body of the law, and give us the ghost of it. I compare the present state of the law to a man looking into a mirror. The European is in front of the mirror, and can see what is reflected in it ; the Maori is behind it groping in the dark. Therefore, when a Maori commits an offence he is blamed for it, and told that he is no yuod, and that he should be obedient to the laws of which he knows nothing. Ano ther thing I wont to know is thiB — why are these Maori members allowed seats in the House of Representatives ? I nave never heard them say a word. I suppose they sit there as carved images.' Shockino Aocn-E»T.— The barge Shan non (the Mercury says) brought up from the Port Arthur Cool Mines on Friday a poor fellow who had been at work for the Com pany, and who met with a shocking accident on Wednesday evening. It appears that on that evening after tea, the man, David Hum phreys, aged 46, went to the old Government station, 400 yards from his hut, to get some old wood to construct a fowl bouse. As halfan hour elapsed without his returning, his wife went to the spot to see what had become of him, when she discovered her husband buried up to the neck in the debris of the old stone building which in the effort to remove the woodwork had fallen upon him. Assistance was procured and Hum phreys was extricated from his painful posi tion in a sadly injured condition. Dr. Pin ham, of the Port Arthur settlement, was signalled for, and that gentleman arrived without any loss of time. On seeing the un fortunate sufferer the doctor pronounced him to be in a precarious state, and recommended his removal to the General Hospital. A 6trctcher was constructed, and the poor fellow wag brought up to town accordingly, his wife accompanying him, and on theShar non coming in, Hnmphreys was at once taken to the hospital, where he was placed in a ward under the care of Dr. Bright, who ascertained that extensive injuries had resulted from the accident, namely, a compound fracture of the left thigh, a fracture of one of the bonee of the same leg below the knee, fracture of several ribs, and that the body was one mass of bruises. On enquiry last evening onr re porter learnt that the sufferer was in a very bad way. New Goods at Essex House, Central CnARiKS-sniEET. — Mr C. Day, having paid a visit to Melbourne, was there on the arrival of the ' Somersetshire' and received by that vessel, a rich collection of the newest pat terns in Berlin wool work, and wool and bead work — for devotional chairs, fender stools, ottoman s, cushions, slippers, tea-coseys, &c.; ifr Day has also brought over a choice selection of curiously carved Swiss toys, and other fancy goods of quite a novel des cription. The Mcjid&r; at the General Hospital. — HewBon, accused of the murder of the old gatekeeper at the General Hospital, was fully committed for trial yesterday. Twenty six witnesses have given evidence in this case — viz., nine on the 19th instant, eight on Wednesday, and eight on Thursday. Two witnesses were also re-examined. Hewson ap peared very apathetic during the last two days. Ho declined to cross-examine any of the witnesses, or to say anything in his defence, or call any witnesses, but he said he should have called William Jones and Johanna Burke if they bud not been called for the prosecution. Civil StrmoB. — There was but one case for trial at the Civil Sittings, Hobart Town, on Tuesday, before the Chief Justioe, ' Lidsey v. Gatehouse,' an action for damages for eviction and trespass. The jury found for the plaintiff, damages one farthing. Tub President's Lbctdres. — On Tues lay evening the President of the Mechanics' Institute, will deliver a lecture in the Hall, m ' The mysteries of the sunbeam.' This s the first of the two closing lectures of the season by the President. They will lie illus trated by numerous diagrams, models, and 2Xperiments, prepared with great care. The Attempt to Commit Suicmr. — Mary Ann Walsh or Kelly was brought up it the Poiice Court yesterday, on rcnuivl from the 20th instant, oa the charge of at tempting to commit suicide ou the I'.lih, t-y leaping into the river from the flat ruck ipar the Cataract mill. Mr Mason asl;e-l irhy she bad made such an attempt on li- r iife. Sim said she had not been in town lor some years, having been at service iu the :ountry, and on coming to town she had -pcnt her money, lost her clothes, ind was desperate, but she would never do so again. On promising to conduct herself properly she was discharged. The English Mail. — Ou the s.s. Tumar being telegraphed in the river on Wednesday evening, the postmaster, Mr Windeatt, at mice proceeded to her iu the Harbour-Muster's boat, according to a suggestion offered by us. He left the wharf between 5 and G o'clock, and had the mail at the post office by 11 o'clock. Tho Uobart Town coach was kept back unlit that hour, and (lie southern portion of the mail would be deli vered at about noon yctitcrday. Through the courtesy of Mr Windeatt, we received our parcels at a very early hour, and were enabled to deliver the Euro/mm Mail to sub scribers before 8 o'clock in town. We also sent our despatch cart round the Longford, Perth, and Evandale districts. Representation of Buckingham. — We understand that Mr P. 0. Fysh, who has just returned to Hobart Town, is prepared to become a candidate for the representation of Buckingham, on receiving such a requisi tion as would fairly warrant the presump tion of success. A requisition to Mr Fysb is, we believe, to be sent on foot at once. Serious Chaboe of Assault. — A warrant bus been issued, the Mercury states, by the Richmond Bench on a sworn information, for the apprehension of Francis Allison, junior, of Sorell, for a violent assault committed on Mr Alfred Nicholas, on the evening of Tues day week. Mr Nioholas, our informant states, was on his way home from Sorell on horseback, when he was overtaken by his assailant and struck from behind with a stout stick, severely bruising the back of his head. Other blows were struck, rendering him for n time insensible. There has been so much ill-feeling between the parties that wo forbear giving currency to all the rumours that have reached us, placing young Mr Allison's conduct in anything out a favorable light. Wo prefer waiting the par ticulars as they will be brought out during the criminal inquiry that will of course take place. AMATEtm Hanodjo. — On Friday evening, the Mercury says, a young lad 1 7 years of ap-e, son of Mr George Bellette, of Sorell, whilst larking with some others, suspended a rope from a beam, and fastening a leather strap about his neck, proceeded to illustrate to his companions the mysteries of hanging by swinging himself back, his feet resting on the ground. The strap tightened more than he had calculated on, when, losing his presence of mind, instead of seizing hold of the rope above bis head, he flung his arms about him, only increasing his danger, and still further compressing hiB windpipe. As he was swinging about on his feet all the time no attention, was paid to him, it being thought that he was playing his gambo's and bad not the buckle by which be had fastened the strap about his neck broken, it is possible he would have known moro and told less about hanging sensations. As it was his danger was only discovered when, tho buckle breaking, he fell senseless on the floor. The Figabo Immigrant Vessel. — The barque Figaro, Captain Schulz, arrived at Hobart Town (the Tasmanian Times says) on Wednesday, from Hamburg, with a full complement of German immigrants, who, it is stated, will be despatched to Launccston. The barque made a rather protracted voyage, attributable to variable head winds ou the passage, but with the exception of a few cases of scurvy the immigrants and crew arrive in good health. She brings 137 immigrants, of whom 45 are men, 34 women, 24 boys, and 28 girls under 12 years of age, and six children under one year old. Several of the immi grants are Buffering from scurvy, and 22 in valids were admitted to the hospital. There was no medical officer on board, though the Mercury is informed that Mr Buck led some of the immigrants to bclive that they would have the services of a duly qualified gentle man ; instead of this the immigrants were entirely dependent on the captain for medi cal treatment. The Figaro is a fine rakish looking barque classified for 9 years AAl* at the French Veritas. She is owned by Messrs. H. B. Koihn and Co., of Hamburg, and was built at Oldenburg, about seven years ago. She is consigned to Mr Askin Morrison. After landing the passengers, we understand that the Figaro will be placed on the slip at Hobart Town to be re coppered, for which purpose she has the necessary copp r on board. ? ♦— ? 