SPORTS ON THE MELBOURNE CRICKET GROUND. About 8000 persons assembled on Boxing Day at the above ground to witness the sports. It was also the first appearance of the English pedestrians, who were announced to go through their training exercises during the intervals between the races. Harris, the colonial chamjnon, was placed at scratch in two races, but did not appear. After the first event, Hewitt and Bird came out of the pavilion, aud took a little exercise round the ground. The pace they' went at, however, was slow, and the public gained very little idea of what cither is capable of doing. Enough, however, was done to show that the style of English pedestrians is widely different from that ef the colonials, and no doubt some of the hitter picked up a wrinkle or two from the little they were permitted to Bee. Topley's performance was watched with more interest and curiosity, and his style called for loud demonstrations of approba tion. He did a mile at a very good pace, and the man ner he got over the ground, fair heel and toe, was mag nificent. Topley is a little pocket Hercules, and is generally allowed to be the best and fairest walker the old country ever produced. It may be remembered that he and AVesthall are the only two men who have ever walked 21 miles within three hours. The follow is the order of the running :— 444 YARDS HANDICAP PLAT RACE. First prize, £7 7s : second prize, £2 2s. M. Hlggins, 8 yards .. .. ..I i G. Cronk, 13 yards.. .. .. ..2 A. Drake, 18 yards.. .. .. .. 3 J. L. Robertson, 15 yards J. P. Crotty, IS yards S. Carr, 20 yards. Higgins got at least three yards' start when the pis tol was fired, and before half the distance was run had »o improved his position that, bar accidents, he was bound to win. Going up the ascent he put on a spurt, and got level with Cronk, whom he passed easily, and won by five yards. Time, 52 sees. TWO MILES HANDICAP BICYCLE EACJE. First prize, £7 7s.; second prize, £2 2s. i. E. KUstone, 300 yards .. .. .. 1 J. Chapman, 200 yards . . . . . . 2 J. Ward, 120 yards ? 3 T. Hirwood, 200 yards .. : ..0 J. Finlcy scratch, and James 250 yards, were scratched. The interest of this race lay between Rillstone of Ballarat, and Chapman of Emerald Hill, and for the first mile there seemed some likelihood of the ' Hillite' catching 'the boy.' After the second mile was com menced, however, Chapman appeared to tire and Bill stone to improve, the latter going in a winner pretty easily at last. Both were heartily cheered. Time, 9 inin. 29 sees. HALF-MILE HANDICAP FLAT RACE. First prize 7/. 7s. ; second prize, 2/. 2s. P. C. HodgUnson, 00 yards .. ..1 G. Cronk, SO yards .. .. .. S II. Higgins, 8 yards .. .. .. 3 This race needs no description, as Hodgldnson was in splendid trim, and Higgins liid not a ghost of a chance, although he ran pluckuy for the first lap, but Hodg kinson was full of running and went in an easy winner. Time, 1 min. 591 sees. TWO MILES HANDICAP WALKTti'C MATCH. First prize, 71. 7s. ; second prize, 2f. 2s. W. LTall, 60 yards ? 1 F. W. Woodhouse, scratch .. .. ..2 W. Buck, 200 yards .. .. .. 3 This was won very, easily by Lyall, Woodhouse coming in about the distance he gave behind LyalL Buck was out of the race from the start. Time, IS min. 26 sees. ONE MILE HANDICAP FLAX RACE. First prize, 10/. 10s. ; second prize, 21. 2s. P. C. HodgUnson, 80 yards- .. .. 1 St. JTaipiu, 80 yards .. .. .. 2 E. Ford, 30 yards W. Davics, SO yards J. Rowan, 90 yards. This was won very easily by Hodgkinson. Ford, when running well, was taken with stick in his side, and was obliged to stop. Time, 4 min. 30 sees. ONE MILE HANDICAP BICYCLE STEEPLECHASE. - First prize, 7/. 7s. ; second prize, 11. 2s. T. Harwood, 120 yards ? 1 fi. Finlay, SO yards.. .. .. ..2 J. Ward, 80 yards .. .. .. .. 3 J. UiUion, ISO yards Thin was the sensational mce-of the day, and created great amusement, although some disappointment was j felt nt Finlay and Chapman declining to go for it. { Harwood was never approached, and took all the 'obstacles' with ease. These consisted of planks on an incline, with a corresponding fall, aud with sufficient j steam being got up seemed easily surmounted. There ? were two falls, however. The water jump was a mis- j nonier, as, instead of the planks being narrow and the j water deep, planking was put under the shallow water, ! aud the jump was placed just before it. This was a mistake, and we ucdertand will be rectified next time. There would 1« some excitement in going over planks of 2 feet or 18 inches wide, with the risk of a bath if the bicycle were not steered straight, and at the same time less chance of damage to machine or rider. i The total yield of the Alctoria quartz crushing ' machine at Tambaroora for the year 18C9 was 164S tons 2 cwts of stone, with a produce of 9944 ozs 4 dwts of gold. 1 A man DEfEitvccG the nave is one whose thoughts and exertions are for others rather than himsulf; whoso high purpose is adoped on just prin- j riples, and never abandoned while heaven or earth i affords means of accomplishing it. He is one who ! will neither seek an indirect advantage by a speicbuB ? word, nor take an evil path to secure a real good j purpose. Such a man were one fw whom a woman's, heart should bent constant while he breathes, and . break when he dies. ' j 