j Police Penciltogs. J I SE ROMANCE OF TIT. É¡ " BIKO."-To tho unspeakable j of everybody who believes in tho "noble art," ns a , iii »is of notional dofenco, tho "groot fight" between ii 1 t Carstairs and Johnny Blakey, for ÍBOO.OOO aside I Ike championship of Christendom, oom'e off in tho , ral Police " ring," on Wednosdny last, in tho presenco Í immonse and-enthusiastic muster; of tho fright ¡ j " Mr Thompson watched with fraternal anxiety ¡ ; ; the interests of Johnny, whilst Messrs. Carroll and , j 't, "each in himself a host," evinced tho tenderest itudo for Jack's welfare On entering tho "ohormod . Ie " it was ovidont to tho meanest capacity, from tho J i tiling muscular development of both mon, that tba [ sining" of tho previous night hod put thom in a , un" so compact, that tho most fastidious amongst' L "fanoy" prosont could find no reasonable exouso for 'jing ovon tho ghost of a grumble. Wo mnoh itt flint tho Mayor's Boll and half a dozen othor events l ational importance, will not permit us to do more t i cpitomizo this magnificent "mill" which, after a f perato and determined diaploy ot iongaal and legal [ ieneo" on both sides, resulted in Fred Croft- evidon t much ngninst his will-throwing up tho " sponge" in tn of Jack's surrondor. In consideration of tho plucky ^ ¡Hoity shown by Jack, and as an avidonco of his |t "Wal regard, tho "reforoo" generously nllowod Jaok i. if70 "10 distinguished honor of contributing twenty 0 -"tigs to Her Majesty's colonial exchequer, and in ^ mm to thia favor the privilege of paying the oosts of th« " rinlg't" tho worthy official, at the lame tims deli- cately hinting, that if Jack's "circulation" was in any way contracted, ho might "square tho offence" by taking lesson» for sorell days at tho Darlinghurst "School of Design," with n riow of ultimately bocoiuing a vory civil onginoor. Jack, not thoroughly appreciating tho terms named in tho "nrtiolos," preferred "stumping up," which ho did amidst an eruption of vociferous oheers, such as tho oldest policeman present had never heard beforo, and is not likely to hear for some time to como. These interesting proceedings terminated with an application' for costa for "seoonds," which, to the hair-standing arnazeroont of Mr Thompson, the " referee" peremp- torily refused ; and as his dooision was final, thoro was not even tho consolation of an appeal to the full court. It is rumored, on what authority we know not, that another meeting between these men, has been arranged for the "fifth of Novomber," at tho Goat Island Gun- powder Magazine; but, for ourselves, we are strongly in I dined to question ita correctness, as a " match" of any kind in that locality might lead to "reports" of a highly prejudicial character to all parties. ? ' 