ONE-AND-TWENTY. SBY r iDneOKi WILLIAE OICSIs60ON. OIIA'TEI XXII. I lSEPT my word with Miss Trogancy. I went more often to Eaton-squaro. I mot with John Trogancy now and thln; but as a general rulo he was absenot--at tlo theatro, at a ball, at a friend's, had gone out and left no word when he would roturn. The first time I saw him at his house there was a certain degree of friondlinoss ox hibited; but the subsequent meetings woro charactorisod by a coldness and rudeness which a higher spirit than my own would have immediately resented. As for the influence which the sanguino Miss Troganoy had boliovod that I might some day have oexorcisod over her brother, the fallacy of that delusion soon made itself apparent. Tregancy had found another companion-I will not say friend-in Frank Esdon, whom hle brought twice to Eaton square and played off against me. There fore as my position as a friend of the family was becoming peculiar and ombarraosing, there soomed to be no reason why I should not resign it, and scratch the name of Tro gancy off the list of my acquaintances. Yet there was a reason-a potent one. It lay in Miss Tregancy herself. She was al ways glad to see mo-my presence, young as I was, over appeared welcome to her in lier dull, grand homo, and I became liher friond and confidant. I became fascinated by lier attention, and with a fluttering at the heart felt the charm growing stronger every day. Disregarded by lher brother and caring little for society, this strange slightod girl turned at last to me. She could not mako mo lier brother's friend, she would make me lier own. Doubtless, slhe thought that the difference in our respective ages- she was nearly twenty-nine, and I was close on twonty-would check all invidious remaonrk, and so her interest in me grow strong and sisterly. Before Christmas, when I was twenty years of ago, we were the best of friends. She had by degrees learned the story of my life--of the liblping hand Uncle Barchard had extended to me after my father's death; of the benefactor lhe had been to that father in the last days of his life ; oven of my fa ther's debt, and how I looked forward to paying it some day. I was saving for thlat purpose already-that purpose helped to make me careful of my money. I have said already that I was not a ro mantic youth ; that I was a cool, calculating young man, of nearly twenty years of ago far from a hero. I had learned to lovo money, to value money more than it deserved, to make other, better feelings in my heart secondary to it-to become its slave. Thoughtful and observant, I watched Miss Tregancy, studied Miss Troganey, and a dream of ambition began to usurp possession of my mind and to grow brighter as the days went on. Supposing John Trogancy's sister were to fall in love with me ! There was a void in her heart which was un natural-she was not happy with her bro ther-she had few friends-she had talked of the cant of position-she was an impres sionable young woman-she was interested in me! Supposing, after time had glided by, that I were to offer myself, a poor mil ler's clerk, for her young husband ? Sup posing I were to begin from that date to show her that the youth of twenty found at tractions in her dark face, and uncaring for the disparity of age, loved her with all his heart. At her house, at'my desk, in the counting house, in my chamber, where my ambitious thoughts preyed on me and prevented sleep; in the fevered, troubled dreams, when sleep came at last, the temptation to become rich by this sudden coup-de-main, was ever be fore me and was ever gathering strength. ' If I did not love her intensely and passion ately, still I should love her better after marriage-I should make her very happy, and her affection for me, her accomplish ments, would make her young husband happy too. There was no one else to love. Youth and beauty werenotforme. Youth and beauty such as Ellen Barchard's-rmy heart winced at that thought-made an idle dream for a clerk. Hero lay my one chance in life a chance that did not come to ninety-nine men nut of a huindrled, and oven the hun dredth with silly nrtions of love in a cattago with a I.riglit-fsccd 'Ph!yllis, might nioglct filling his purse and becoming a respoctable man in society, because theor was too mnuch romance in his; disposition to allow the world to sa'y thatho rimarried for money. Married for.money,! Why would not money bring love and happiness enough for me ? Would not wealth-a fig for the moralists ! smooli tihe stoniest roads, clear away by cartloads th.o'so briars and thorns which wound thoe baire feet of tho travollors? I might never be in love; why should I no glect'tlio one chance of bettering my condi tion ?'. 'HIo did I know tliat I was not in love yx.,th,Jies Tregancy evon? I hld had no expoerence in the sensations of the tender passion--had I? Iadmired Miss Tregancy, and took great pleasure in liher socioty. Ce'rtmaily I was never agitated-my lheart hoat no quicker in her. presence-a touch of her hand did not feel liko the touch of an angel's. .I wis as happy at the opposite end of the tablo as if I was sitting by her side; still I mig/t lbe in love with her, only my blood ran colder in my veins than in most people's-Frank Esden's, by way of oxamy pie. ' ' So. I thought, reasoned, flattered myself into an attachment for Miss Treogancy, and finally determined to do all in my power, by respectful attention, by a hypocritical inter est in all she did and said, by feigning that subdued fireo at the heart from which un shrived lovers suffer, to win on the affections of the ieiress:and gain her hand if possible. If I had been .sixteen years of ago instead of twenty, I should have made the venture. I was very young for Miss Trogancy, but I had the consolation of knowing that I looked considerably older than my years. Whiskers had started into light of day; I was nearly sii feet in height; and ah! how proternatu rally old had I become in thought. Not the oldness of thought of Trogaucy, but the miser,whoso lust is in gold, and whoso belief in the happiness it can create is only to be shakon in the last hour when he looks back at the lifo he has enjoyed with his money ! And this love of money was my ono groat fault-it marred my every wish-it set a sordid value on every persevering effort-it depreciated the merit of being steady, sober, and 'irncest in my business. 1 learned the lesson day and night-it did not leave me in my pew at church, whero'tI Went every Sunday morning and evening, and thought myself so good ! As a gonoral rule, men as they grow older become more fond of the world's goods, take greater pains to possess them, and are more affected by their gain or loss; I was an ox coption to that rule ; I began early to dream of money's value, money's power, and I woke up at a later hour and found the withered leaves ! But I digress. I made up my mind to study Miss Tregancy, to try to love hoer-I was honourable enough for that-to endeav our to win her for a wife. Her consent lay with herself-there wore no parents to con sult; and if John Tregancy or Mr. Greenoy had any objections to urge, Rhoda was her own mistress, and had a will of her own that was not to be easily subdued. So with this great secret in my breast I began my siege to Miss Tregancy's heart not without a pang of remorse, which gradu ally grew weak, and died away at last. I made great progress too. Rhoda's frequent quarrels with her brother helped to render her more and more unhappy, and to pave the way for my professions of undying love. I began to deceive myself in tihe belief of that love, too ; it justified my scheming, it kept my conscience from reproachinug me. Had the sun not risen, or the power of the heart not exerted itself strangely and sud denly, I might have believed that love was true and deep. Thrown so frequently into Miss Tregancy's society, more and more fascinated, as we met more often, I took all signs of my own interest for affection, and went on justified with the pursuit. Soeeing more of Rhoda Trogancy, I perceived how natural it was that she and her brother could not not in unison together. Thought loss, impetuous, unaccustomed to restraint, Rhoda's was no nature to cope with her bro ther's irritable and cruel temper. John Tro gancy spared no one when the opportunity presented itself, and hlie spared his sister least of all. Her pride roused, her disposition soured by constant trials, else turned to me, and seeing one ready to obey her lightest wish, one who really respected and admired her-if it is any extenuation, my respect and admiration were true, and most intense she became thoughtful, absent, more of the gentlewoman. John Trogancy, naturally suspicious, soon had his doubts of the motive that brought me frequently to Eaton-square. Seeing him so seldom and yet calling so constantly, could but suggest to him one reason for my visits, and he set himself to thwart me. It was a false move on the part of Tregancy, for the strong dislike he began to exhibit towards me, roused the feelings of Rhoda in my defence, and mademe of greater interest. His past coldness and reserve gave place to a series of studied insults that would have daunted me had I been playing for a lessor stake, but as it was, roused in me only a spirit of resistance, which all his sarcasms could not overpower. He did not demand an explanation of me-affairs had not pro coeded far enough between his sister and me to justify the measure; but by an insolent demeanour or a bitter flow of invective, he did his best to make my visits to Eaton square irksome and annoying. In a great measure he succeeded, but I had never given up any project deterred by barriers in the way, and I was not going to resign my chance of marrying an heiress for all the John Tregancies in the world. One night, a fortnight after Christmas, I found Rhoda Tregancy ill, Mr. Oreeney in a state of great excitement, and John Tre ganoy absent. Miss Tregancy was not too ill to see me, and I was ushered into the draw ing-room as usual. Rhoda was reclining on a sofa drawn close to the fire. There was a medical attendant in the room; he was lean ing over her as I entered, with his fingers on her wrist. Mr. Oreeney, twitching nervously at the elbows and knees, was sitting oppo site, open-mouthed. Rhoda's great dark eyes wandered to wards my figure at the door, and I saw her colour change. The doctor, regarding me attentively, kept his fingers on her pulse until I reached her side. " Miss Tregancy," said I, alarmed, "I trust that nothing serious has occurred." " Miss Tregancy," said tihe doctor, " you must keep quiet this evening. If you can stoeep it will be better for you. The pulsa tion is very irregular, indeed." "You will look in again to-morrow, Dr. Simmonds ? " asked Mr. Creonev. " Certainly." The doctor, with a general bow, retired, and left me with Mr. Oreeunoy and Rhoda. " Mr. Farley, you are surprised to see me so suddenly an invalid." " I am surprised and grieved." I was playing no part that night. I felt what I said, more than I said. My heart was boating warmly for her- throbbing too with indignation against John Treganoy, who I knew by instinct was the author of her illnesso. " My dear Rhoda, do obey the doctor for once in your life," implored Mr. Oreenoy. "I am not excited now," said she; "I am very quiet, sir; see how steadily I can hold my hand out-it does not tremble." "Rhoda, do not talk. Mr. Farley, I am suro that you will not listen to her." "Miss Tregancy, I am certain you will, for the sake of your friends, be silent." '!My friends ! " said she; "I am without any. I have told you that before." '"Will not Miss Trogancy lot me consider myself her friend ?" :IMy brother's." "Yours." She coloured again, and pressed her thin white hand to her forehead. 'II am very faint. Loave me now, Mr. Farley, if you please." Swas at 'the' door whenri she called me by my lname." . .. 't-r. Faley, you will hear from John, I think. Suspend your decision, your corn monte, till we moset again. Good- night.. Mr! Creenoy, will you ring for my maid ? O, how faint I am!" left the room, and wont slowly and moodily down stairs. In the passage Mr. Oreoney joined me. 'Mr. Farley, will you stop into the parlour on: your right for one moment ? Thank you." \VWhen we wore in the parlour, Mr. Oroo noy snatched at the button-hole of my coat in his neccustomed mannor. " Mr. Farley, I don't know whether I am on toy head or my heels. There has boon the most horrible row to-day that I over witnessed in moy life. ' You eoo.what it has done for Rhoda. She'll go out of her mind some day-I know sho ivill." "God forbid ! " "Mr. Farley," he blurted out, " will youI be good enough not to call again until you hear from me, or John, or Rhoda? The-the -I must call it row, I must, indeed-the row then has booeen solely caused by your visits hero, and until Rhoda-that is, until I-no, that is not it either; but if you will -I mean if you will not-I hope you under stand me ?" "Not very clearly, Mr. Oreoney." "Dear me, dear me, what is to be done? Hero is John gone away; perhaps he won't come back any more-hlie swears he won't! " " Mr. Creeney, one day next weekl, when Miss Trogancy is well enough to see me, I will call once more, unless Miss Tregancy expressly interdicts me." "0! dear me-very well, then. Do as you like! " This was Mr. Oreoney's invariable way of winding up his argumonts and entreaties, and I was satisfied with the decision. I weont into Eaton-squaro, and Mr. Croenoy shut the door behinud me. I went home withi a troubled, discontented heart : troubled with Rhoda-troubled with her illness and her sorrows-discontented with myself. CHAPTER XXIII. Next morning another letter arrived at Dover-road, addressed to Philip Parley Esq. We were at breakfast, and Kitty came in with the letter in her hand. "I say, Phil," observed Frank, "your correspondents are becoming numerous. Is there any mystery brewing ? " " O! they are only love-letters," affirmed Charley. "Philip never thinks of such nonsense as that, I know," affirmed ?Mrs. Esdon. "Philip is a man of business." "Ahl! men of business are very sly," added Mr. Esden, "and they make love in such a business-sort of way that there is no tolling whether figures or fancies are hatch ing in the brain." The Esden family was in the best of spirits that particular morning. Frank had not been late home for a fortnight, had always returned with me and Charley after the counting-house door was looked by Mr. Holts. Frankwas making one more effort to be steady-the effort is no light one when the feet have once strayed-and Mr. Esden and his wife were beginning to hope that the wild oats had all been scattered to the winds. " Our boy was a good boy, the best of boys -he would never go wrong, or become a profligate-there was great moral resolution in our boy ! " Frank had his reward in seeing brighter faces round the family table. Had he had more strength of mind, or been more in clined to moralise, he would have been a hero for this book-a pattern hero, such as my readers have met with now and then in novels. But he was headstrong, very often reckless; and though he had too good a heart ever to sink to the bottom of the black stream, still he had always too feeble a re sistance to offer to the follies of which the world was full. If his love-story had begun at one-and twenty instead of ending there, what a different man would Frank Esden have been, and how many regrets might have been epared him. But Frank was in the best of tempers that morning-resolved to be steady for ever and over; and each member of the family was in the best of tempers also. The Esdens were very facetious concerning the letter which I had placed unopened in my pocket, and feigned to be deeply interested iq its writer. Frank and Charley went to the office with me laughing at my secret, and I laughed too, though in a forced manner, that told of thoughts preoccupied with something deeper than their jesting. Thoughts of Rhoda, who was ill at her home in Eaton-square, of the result of my ambitious dreams, and of the hour advancing which might close them for ever by a word.. What had John Tre gancy to say upon that question? I had his letter in my pocket, and I waited my first opportunity to peruse the missive that would decide the next move in the daring game I, a boy of twenty, was playing. That opportunity occurred in the office when the clerks had settled down before their respective desks, and the scratching of pens began upon the paper; when Mr. Hiolts was giving out the bills at the open window to the carters (I may say hero that I had risen in office over the head of that gentle man); when the great cash-book was open before me, and I could hide the letter in its leaves. It was a curious.,letter : more friendly more false for that; too -.lthuri I had antici patod. It was written with a pen that had possibly been restrained from launching into a personal attack. There was no address or date; Tregancy dashed at once into the sub joect with a forced familiarity. My dear F?arly,-Your continued visits to Eulton uquaro ronder it my painful but imperative duty to request you to abstain from calling thero in future. It is a still more painful task to inform you that those marked attentions which you have lately paid my sister have given Rhoda; Mr. Creenny, and mu much unnecessary anguish. Setting asido the un reasonablcness of your expectations, it may bo as well to stato that my sister'o want of self-command, her weakness of intellect, and dotlicacy of health, totally forbid a thought of marriago. Yours truly, Jout Tr.oAneY. Philip Farley, Esq. "No, John Trogancy," muttered. I, crumpling the letter in. my hand, and thrusting it back into my breast-pocket, "not at your bidding ;-you who' study, and strivo so hard to make her happy in that home from which you are fearfdul I should take hor. My answer comes from Rhoda Trogancy, net from her self-willed brother." I wrote a reply to the letter in the same friendly spirit, assured him of my love for his sister-my love!-and expressed :the sentiments of the above soliloquy in a polite but earnest manner. I sent the letter to Eaton-square-he had not given me his now hddressa-and then, witha handml not quite so firm as usual, I turned over the leaves of theocash- book, and began my work for the day. That day was destined to be disturbed in an extraordinary manner, and others besides myself to be disturbed with it in no light ldegreeoo. It was near twelve o'clock; the loaded waggons had gone upon their way, the clerks w?oeo busy in the counting-house, tire on gines wore working their hardost in the mills across the yard, whoaen a four-wheeled chaise, drawn by a small white, pony, made its appearance on Messrs. Crawley and Bar chard's promises. iMr. Iolts put his head through the open window, and drew it hastily back again.. " Here are visitors to the mills, I think." "What, again!" exclaimed Mr. Steele, the senior clerk. " Bother that new machinery I everybody in the world seems coming to see it." " Any ladies ? " asked Frank, " because '11 show them over the mill. Hero, out of the way, Holts." "It's Mr. Taokeridge, two ladies, and Miss Barchard," said Mr. Holts. Frank, who had cast a glance towards the yard, rushed back to his seat at the desk, snatched up his pen, and wrote on for dear life. The noble stooeed of the Tackeridges was reined in before the window. "Good morning, Mr. Holts-good-morn ing! " I heard Mr. Tackeridge exclaim; "I have not brought you an order in a hurry this time. Hope I see you well, sir ?" "Thank you, sir, very well," answered Mr. Holts, charmed with the easy grace of Mr. Tackeridgo's manner, but rather red and flustered. Mr. Holts was almost as nervous as his worthy mother. "Is Mr. Barchard here?" " Well, sir, I-I think I saw him go into the mill just now." "Have you anybody you can send after him with my compliments ? " The carters were all absent from the yard; Mr. Holts looked round at his six com panons. - "If any of you gentlemen would be kind enough? I-I am afraid I should make a mess of it myself. I am so weak in the knees when I am flurried. Mr. Esden?" "Not I," said Frank, without looking up from his book, I shall not dance attendance on Mr. Barchard's customers." "I shan't go," said Charley, who had made his brother's real or fancied injuries his Own. Mr. Steele was too high in office-too im portant a gentleman to dream of going him self; therefore it was left for me and the two remaining clerks to decide; and as one had come to the office in a hurry with a dirty face and yesterday's collar, and the other, who was quite the dandy of the estab lishment, was afraid of getting over flour, I was reluctantly compelled to take Mr. Tackeridge's message. Hat in hand I opened the door and went into the yard, when I was immediately hailed by that affable, pleasant gentleman, whose acquaint ance I had had the pleasure of making a few years ago. "How do you do, Mr. Farley? Why, we have not met for an age, have we ? How well you are looking.. What do you think of me becoming a ladies' man now, eh ?" I glanced at the ladies; making my bow to Mrs. Tackeridge and daughter, and re turning my cousin's smile. "Is papa in the mill, Philip ?" "I believe so, Ellen. I am going to see.,, Mrs. Tackeridge did not speak-she was quite the lady that morning, in her own opinion. Her broad face bore its most grave and imposing aspect and her eyes were half- closed in the sleepiest and most stupid manner possible. If I hated anybody in the world, it was certainly Mrs. Tackeridge. Annie, quite the lady too in everybody's opinion, sat by my cousin's side at the back of the chaise, looking very pretty, though a little pale. She said something to me con cerning "a fine day," to which I replied, " that it was a very fine day indeed," and then darted across the yard, and into the mills in search of Uncle Barchard. Extensive alterations had been lately made in the machinery department of the Thames-street mills ;. in fact, great improve ments had taken place in the premises alto gether, and rumour whispered that the cost had not been less than seven thousand pounds. Rumour affirmed, too, that Mr. Orawley had objected to so large an outlay, and Mr. Holts said-on what authority I knew not-that there had been a warm dis cussion on the subject, and Mr. Crawley, for the first time in his life, had interfered with Mr. Barchard's plans, and thought them very foolish. Whether Mr. Holts was right or not did not appear; Mr. Barchard had gained his point at least, the engines were working on a new principle of action, and had become an object of interest to men of science and to gentle men in the trade, and scarce a day passed without a visitor or two to the inodel mills in Upper Thames-street. I found Mr. Barchard, with a white blouse over his black coat, on the firstflbor of the 'mills. " Do you want me, Philip ?" ".Mr. Tackeridge does, sir." "Business?" "I think not, sir." "O, deari-! he wants to go over the mill. If there is one thing that makes me regret the improvements, it .is the hiidrance to business which a parcel of lhizy people cause." "Mrs. Tackeridge and daughter are there also, sir." "Humph! it's like their impudence." "And Miss Barchard," added I. "That is the effect of Ellen staying a week with fthose people," said my uncle. "She gets talking of the machinery, and rousing paltry curiosity. Here,, you, cir." "You, sir," was Ike Boxliam, who ocoa eionally worked in the mill, and tried to make himself useful. Ike Boxham, with a face like an unfinished clown's, waited for Mr. Barchard's orders. "Ask Mr. Tackeridge and the ladies to be kind enough-ugh-to step this way." "Pray allow me to-" I began. "I want you a moment," said UncloBar chard, quietly. I remrained behind in the mills, and Ike Boxham departed on his errand. "I suppose they will want to sooee every thing, though they'll understand nothing," grumbled my uncle; "so we hadbettor go to the ground- floor." We descended the ladder and waited in a long low-ceilinged compartment near the engone-room, from which a rattling noise was issuing that shook the building with an ague. "Have you seeoon Mr. Crawley to-day?" "No, sir." " Would you mind working hard at the books for a week or two, Philip ? I mean harder than you generally do ?" " "No, sir." " Or staying later in the evoning ? " "I would prefer doming earlier in the morning, wsir," said I, with an eye to a cor tain house in Eaton-square. "That will do. I want you to make out a clear account of every sack of flour that has left these mills for the last three years, the price of each sack, and the name of the buyer. I cannot trust anybody else. They are not steady enough, or, if you must have it," said he, reluctantly, "sharp.onough." " I will do my best, Mr. Barchard." " I expect," said lhe, slowly rubbing his hands;" that we shall shortly have an alter ation in this firm. Mr. Orawley is afraid of me speculating rashly - me speculating rashly! " he repeated, with a spasmodic smile, "and so a dissolution of partnership has been already discussed between us. I shall get on much better without him, Philip." "I believe that, sir." "You are not a parrot, Philip," said he, "so keep this to yourself. I would not have it whispered in the counting-house yet for the vor-for five shillings." M1r. Barchard took off his blouse to receive company. When the voice of Mr. Tacke ridge was heard close to the outer door, my uncle turned round, and looked me full in the face. "Is Miss Tregancy mad, Philip ?" For a moment my equanimity deserted nme;i the question was so sudden and so ex traordinary. What made him think of Miss Trogancy at that moment? Why ask the question of me, who had never mentioned Miss Tregancy to him in my life?" "Mad ! no, sir." " Eccentric?" "N-no, sir-not very." " Why-" Mr. Barchard stopped as the door opened, and i the visitors advanced into the mill to pay their respects to him. "Ab, ha ! my dear Mr. Barchard ! "cried Mr. Tackeridge, rushing towards my uncle with a precipitancy that threatened an affee tionate embrace, "how do you do, sir; how are you; how are you?" "Nicely, thank'ee," was the brief re sponse as Mr. Tackeridge wrung my uncle's hard hand, and looked at him with tears in his eyes. "I have come to see the improvements. Always like to see how the world is getting on; always a little curious, you know ?" "Yes, I know," said Mr. Barchard. "Brought my wife, Mr. Barchard. Miss Ellen brought Annie, so don't throw all the blame upon me, if you object to ladies' so ciety." "Glad to see you ma'am," said Mr. Bar chard, getting his hand from Mr. Tacke ridge, who'seemed inclined to retain it as a souvenir. "Glad to see you, Mr. Barchard," answered Mrs. Tackeridge, " at any time or place. I am sorry to intrude, sir, at business-hours; but. Mr. Taokeridge was anxious to drag me here, and I really do not like machinery, it smells so nasty, that you will excuse me, sir, I am sure." "Don't mention it ma'am," said Uncle Barchard, staring hard at the lady, as if he hardly comprehended her. "What a charming girl your Ellen grows," whispered Mrs. Tackeridge, confi dentially; " she improves daily; she only wants a little more fresh air to be an angel. I wonder you don't take a villa, or something out our way-you must find London very smoky." " I hate the country." "But it would do Ellen a deal of good. And the Southwark Bridge-road-really my dear sir-the Southwark Bridge-road for a gentlemen of your position, you know." "Know what, ma'am ?'" asked Uncle Barchard, innocently. Mrs. Tackeridge dashed off into a fine lady speech, to which my uncle listened with eyes fixed on the dusty floor, and With an air of abstraction on his visage which said little for his polite attention. After.the con clusion of the speech we procreded to the inspection of the improvements in the Thames-street mills, Mr. Barchard acting as showman to the establishment. My cousin Ellen had checked my movement of return to the counting-house by saying "Are you anxious to get rid of us, Philip ? How are we to get up these tiresome ladders without a gentleman's assistance ? " "'I shall be happy to offer all the aid in my power." "You did not dine with papa last Sunday, sir, I hear," said Ellen. "How was that ? " "Perhaps," remarked Annie, in a Whisper, not intended for my hearing, " " for the reason that his cousin was staying at Wheat sheaf Villa." . Ellen laughed, and waited for an answer. ", I called at Mr. Tregancy's in the even ing," said I, in explanation. " There must be an attraction there, cousin Philip. Has Mr. Tregancy only one sister-the lady we met at Ramsgate ?"' She did not think that there was any at traction in the Miss Tregancy to whom she had been introduced then, and I felt inclined to be offended. However, I replied "that Mr. Tregancy had but one sister," and then hastened to divert attention. We went slowly from floor to floor of the mills, each full of a white blinding mist; through the largo dusty compartmonts where whorls were spinning round eternally, and straps wore running over them, and going from roof to basement and from basoment to roof, in a nover-onding noo-saw;: where wheat was being ground to powder, and the powder falling into agitated sloveo; where pallid speootron wore flitting to and fro and going up 'and down trapo like etago ghosts, and getting in the way occasionally, and flouring a black velvet mantleo of Mrfro. Tasekoridgo'e in a very unsoomly manner. " Pray mind the machinory, ladio," said Mr. Barchard, in warning tones, " wo have not quite finished yet, and tho fencing is' at proeont in an imperfect stato, Mr. Tacko 'ridgo," with an olovation of his voice, "don't go too near that wheel, sir I " There was a whoeel near Mr. Tackeridgo, that was whirling round with a velocity which would have had that gentleman's sandy head off in half a minute, and Mr. Tackeridge, whoso insatiate curiosity had placed that head in jeopardy, jumped back with alarm at Mr. ]larchard's voice, and alighted on a pair of tender foot, the pro 'perty of his respooted lady. " 0 ! good Lord," ejaculated Mrs. Tacke. ridge, with a fine expression of agony on her countenance. " 01 my poor fooeet-the wretch has crippled me for life I" "1My dear, I hope I haven't hurt you." Mfrs. Tackeridge smiled murderously at 1hm. The bettor half of thoe speoulativo baker did not improve in temper after her hus band's clumsiness; but depreessed in spirits limped sullenly. about the mills, anapping up her daughter or Mr. Taokeridge when oceaoion offeoed. The examination ofithe improvements had nearly reached an end, we had descended to the engine-room, and were listening to a grimy-faced individual's explanation of cer tain parts of the machinery, when I saw Aunie Tackeridge turn pale. -I glanced to wards the door. Charley Esden was entering the engine-room. Charley bore a strong resemblance to his brother, and that resemblance struck home, as with his head very high in the-air he- marched towards Mr. Barchard. "'You are wanted directly, Mr. Bar chard." M?r. Tackeridge,' with"-abeaming face, oped that Charley was in good health, and offered him his hand. Charley was "quite'? Well-thank you ;" but could not see Mr. Tackeridgo's hand, he looked so straight before him.' . :' Mrs. Taokeridge bowed etiffly, Charley.; retui ed the bow without a curve in his back-, bone. Annie's hand, which for ' auld ac " quaintance sake," had stolen from her mantle stold back again at the frigid demeanour Frank's brother had assumed. "IHow's your father, Mr. Charles," iix quiread Mr. Tackeridgo, not to be abashed ;' "and mother ?" he added, as a bright after thought. ' 'Quite well, thank you," with a bow to Miss Barchard. "And-ahem !-Frank ? " "Quite well, thank you," repeated Charley, automaton fashion. Mr. Barchard, excueing himself for a mo-' meit, retired from the engine-room, and. Charley prepared to follow his employer. "And how do you like this-this sort of business, Mr. Charles ?" "What business, Mr. Tackeridge ?,'" said? Charley, halting suddenly. "The flour business, as I may say ? 1 " Quite well, thank you," said Charley, for the fourth time. This constant repetition, combined'':with ' i youing Esden's 'lofty air, had the' effect'of. disconcerting the Tackeridges at last. The' head of the family coughed, and.turned to the engine-man; Mrs. Tackeridge sniffed atci a smelling bottle as if the noise of the" mifi-' chinery was too much for her "poor'he 'ad ?"'. andAnnie, still pale and thoughtful, moved' slowly away from the unfriendly group. There was a large wheel-a- new unfenced wheel - spinning round atis'ome.;distance T frym the engine; its rapidly moving straps and; bands communicating with the busy wheels above stairs. Annie, with gaze .° direbted at her feet, moved straight towards" it and no one seemed to heed her. Suddenly there was a piercing scream from Ellen that u blatiched every face.' The engineer flung up his arms, and yelled "keep backt!'"'but Charley Esden had already seen the danger, and! springing forward, had caught Annie tightly in his arms. The wheel went ivhirl... ing ;round and round, as if sudden death was nothing, and business must be attended to, come weal, come woe, and a long slii/'of Mis's Tackeridge's mantle went one revolun tion, and then dropped. ' STheawful moment passed. We looked into' each other's faces, at Annie. Tackeridge, at that which had been so near the wheel of fate, and said, "thalik God ! ' Annie, bewildered, glanced at the torn mantle, at the pale faces' round he;r, at the terrible .wheel, and' then the diinger' from which she had escaped rushing to her mind 'with all its horrors, she fell back inCliarley's arms, and fainted. "Is she hurt? is she hurt?" cried Mr. Tackeridge,: 'dancing round 'Annie p a, o Charley. Mrs; Tackeridge, not yet restored to the faculty of speeh,; stood anid' gasped painfully.' "She is safe, sir," I observed'; "sheo ,has only fainted." .' , " - Charley was kneeling on the floor sup. porting her; Ellen was unifastening her bonnet. .. "A glass of water, Philip-quick ! " I rushed out of the mills, not heeding the cry of "what's the matter? " from a dozen men who were tumbling over one another in their hurry to get down stairs, crossed the yard, and darted into the counting-house' with breathless haste. "Water, water ! .Where's the water bottle ? Miss Tackeridge has fainted" ' A book fell with a heavy bang to the floor, a high stool tipped over with a crash, and Frank Eaden had vanished. . I followed iim mediately with a glass of. water, but before 'I had reached the scene of action, 'Frank,. Esden was in his brother's place 'supporting' Annie's head, and castifing 'u fieorce look of de fiance at Mrs. Tackeridge, who 40as coining ' .to her senses. i"Let her beI!leot 'her be!" he -crled,-: wildly, as Mrs. Tackeridge made a' move-'' ment to take his place; "will some one tell me what has happened-Philip, Charley? Keep back, madam. I will not' give her . up!" .. . " , , ? "OI m!y doarlohild. Annie, Annie'; 0 my:poor girl." ., . lBy the aid of Mrs.. Tackeridge's scent bottle, an extempore fan of Mr. Tackeridge's hati and the glass of water,' Annie's eyes slowly opened to the light. .; " "I am better now," she 'said,< faintly; "mamma, will you give me your hand." Mr. 'Barchhrd carrying a' chair, came ad fast as his weight would alldw iint'o'the""' engine-room. Frank, after placing his fair burden in a seat, stood a few paces distant, 'with his left hand grasping his right wrist, ang with his eyes fixed on her he had loved so piasoionatoly once upon a time. Five minutes' explanations anh conglc tta-i latibno on Miss Tackeridges otirrow cacape, overybody talking, and few lestening, Annie leaning back in the chair, Frank regarding ,'I can' walk to the chilise now, mainmiei)til1 h~rank'adva'nced. " . '!May I ask Miss Taokeridge to loan'cupon "'' my; arm? Your mother appoars'toobwe'ak' and agitated to aceist you." '' ' Annio saw her old lover for the first 'time; 7," and the colour which had bean slowly" ir-' . turning to her cheeks, fled back again. 'lMr. Esden," said Mrs. Tackeridge; with more real dignity than she had hitherto assimed, "this is oriel tied ungenerou. " ',I bag your pardon," said Frank,.hastily drawing back. Variableoas the wind. hbow-"' evc , he dashed forward the next mdmant as Anuio, leaning heavily on her mother's arm,.. mae a stop towards the door. '. For once more, in all 'my life-in all my lifeo Annie!" cried he, offering her his arti "' 't Thank you, sir, but- .-". Her voice' failed er in excuse. 'F'rank way at her side, his hand had already taken here and drawn 'it through' his 'arm. She 6 did not 'reaibt, 'ao 'caoudouely mid tondorly he led her to the chaise, his careful eyes watching every step she took. He stood near her when she was in the chaise by her mother's side, and Ellen had taken her place by Mr. Tackeridge; but he did not say a single word. Four whiter faces-un less they were from spirit-land-never were in one vehicle before. "Shall I drive to the doctor's ?" asked Mr. Tackeridge. "No! straight home," murmured Annie. "I have only a headache. I shall be glad to get home!" " Not another visitor to my mills, if I live till doomsday, and lose every customer I have," growled Uncle Barchard, as the chaise began to move. "Good- bye," said the hollow voice of Frank, addressed to no one in particular. Annie's lips moved, and something was muttered faintly in reply. "Where's Mr. Charles?-where's Mr. -JOharles ?" asked Tackeridge. "Thank him for me,,and all of us. Tell him we shall be always-ahem, ahem I" The chaise went on its way, leaving a crowd of workers at the mill-doors, the heads of Mr. Steele and clerks at the count ing-house windows, Mr. Barchard, without his hat, in the centre of the yard. "Come, that's enough," said the latter gentleman, roughly. "Time is money, and you are robbing me by wholesale. Ugh ! what a narrow escape. It might have been my E?llen !" The crowd of gazers dispersed, the clerks' heads at the windows disappeared, the mill engulphed the workmen. Frank Esden remained unmoved. "' Mr. Esden, did you hear an observation of ?nine just now ?" said my uncle. "'What observation?" asked Frank, without turning his head from the mill gates.. ' Time is money." "Is it?" "And you are wasting it, sir," said Mr. Barhobard, sharply. "Mr. Barchard," said Frank, wheeling round at last, "I could not make another figure to-day to save my situation, or my life. I must go out. Give me five hours, and keep my holidays-the lot of them ! I cannot . stop here now. I'm half mad, I know I am. Where's my hat?" Frank ran towards the counting-house. "What a fool that young man is getting," remarked. Uncle Barchard, looking after him..:.. "I'll tell him that he may have the half day, shall I, sir ?" I said. "He'll take it, if you don't." "I'll do his work, sir." "Humph! . Put down in the time- book half a day to Frank Easden, Philip." ,Very well, sir." !' I'll deduct it, mind you. You may tell himso." Frank, hat in hand, re-emerged from the counting-house;, and, before there was a chance of telling him anything, and with oun'the slightest idea whither he was going, orwhat he was going for, went off in his old, headlong manner. (lb ?be coaitnec) 