WB.haye np^bqen in a hurry to express an opinion' iipon'thoforniation of tho now Minis try; our -creed haying always been ''Measures, not men,' we do not attach much significance or ^importance i to the personalities of the members of ministries as , do many ; contem poraries;! all we care to ask is, whether the men now- entrusted with, the government of bhe.c61ony:are able and willing to 'perform tneir aucios laitutully. Our opinion of the new Ministry is favour able, and, although we should lie very sorry to be pledged to support them during a whole session, wo yot soo every reason \yhy they should havo a fair trial and be accorded every reasonable facility for improving npon the government of their predecessors, which,' it may bo prosnmod, is thoir intentioii.., Tho least .that, may; bo said in favor of the new Ministry is that it ia a groat improvement upon the six gentlemen previously proposed. ?^.Frbm Mr. Palmer, the present'Premier and Colonial Seoretary, wo do not' oxpect any great things ; ho has been given credit for a groat deal of bluntness and candour, and it ia hoped that it will be allied with discretion and wisdom. Presuming that the chief of a politi cal party must necessarily possess a large deve lopment of the bump of corabativeness, wo should :siiy Mr. Palmer will distinguish him self, and that he and his colleagues, if threat ened with defeat, will die hard and defiant to thelast— unlike. the Lilley Government, which tamely yielded up tho ghost and afforded but little sportto, the .Opposition. Mr. Ramsay the Treasurer, we know. littlo of except that he appears to havo bben: an earnest and con scientious member of parliament. Mr. Walse's namo. may provoke a smile from those who know his gonius for oxplotivo and exaggera tion,^ frequently displayed in tho Assembly His.. career as Minister for Works, if long enough, will, wo. anticipate, bo highly grati fying to the electors .,. of his darling' Mary- borough. As Minister for Goklfields, an office in which this community is most interested, we have great hopes of Mr. Walsh being ' a success.' He has had ample personal experi ence of the wants of this goldiiold, and if he is, or will place himself, in a position to deal impartially with the many serious matters in connection with the management of goldfields there is little doubt that this district will reap the benefit of Wb efforts. We faaoy it is juat 'ossiblo ' tho bloated metropoliB'VwilVnofc^oe iho Brisbano-Ipswioh railway commended during Mr. Walsii's roign. The personal characteristics of Mr. Thompson, tho Minister for-Wds, aro very much in his favor, ond it !is not 'likely thcro will bo any suspicion ot favoritism or partiality during Ins tonuro ot office. Of Mr. Bbamston, Attorney ? General, wo know nothing unfavorablo, and to Mr. Pjtion, Postmastor-Gouoriil, wo look, witti somo confidence, for roform in certain dotinlu of postal, management in which this commn iiity is directly interested, and to which wo hayo repeatedly called- attention. On tiiowhoiowo believe thoro is reason to expect that .;'?' the now, broom', will 'swoop clean' for -.a considerable timo ;, those who oxpeot greater results, howovor, havo cer tainly, had- .very little' exporienco of : Queens- land politics. ? ? lit our cbrrospohdbnbo column will bo found a letter frpm,Mr. , Belc,, who,. ' as ono of tho partios in a latojn-np,' endeaypurs to r.ofuto an idea broached' in our leading 'artf (ilo dllast Saturday., Ho writes tomperatoly and; fairly, and tbo tjibsonoe pf :. personal , abuso and im putations is roally quite enjoyable. At tho oi»tuu ttuio, rru uuijliuO udtiii6 Idiat Ixo' ^^ proved our view of jumping to bo either 'narrow' 'or incorrect; on tho contrary, ho strengthens our caso by showing, in his third paragraph,, unwittingly perhaps; : that thoro is an analogy between both kinds of 'inform- ing' — in sly-grog soiling and in broachos of tho mining regulations. Comparisons . ai?o proverbially odious, but, in tho instance of the article Mr. Bell criticises, tho comparison appears to ;have been moro odions than was intended. Our arguments went to show that, at present, tho.mincrs aro compolled, through tub inadequacy of tho mining laws, to act upon tho principle of. informing. That jump ing, upon roally good grounds, is a nocessity upon goldfiolds, wo havo not donied. Bat, why should not the auchoritios; take the administration of tho. goldfields' laws entirely into thoir own hands, so as to protect tho re venue and krcotnpo'l boria fido work by means, of their own officers? Why should jumping — tho ''lesser evil' as Mr. Michfe calls it, distinguishing it from tho greater evil of shephording — why should it bo a necessity ? . ; ' ' . ! ' : 