THE A. A. DEGEEE EXAMINATION. THE following—SO we are informed—are a lew of the questions to be answered by the candidates for the A. A. (Absolute Ass) Degree. G R E E K,— 3 H O U R S . I—Write out the translation of the Gth chapter of Xenophon in the Chinese language, and give the Patagonian of every word you can't translate. II.—Translate Ifomer into three distinct languages, beginning at the place III. - Sing the Alphabet after the style of Handel and Patsey's donkey. IV.—Translate Demosthenes into verse, after the style of Bassett Dickson, you know the least about. L A T I N,— 4 H O U R S . I—Write a translation of the ninth book of Virgil after the style of Perleeseman X. . II—Write a translation of the 32nd, 33rd, and 34th chapters of Livy, Book II., backwards, in rhyme. HI—Sing Boratii Opera to the tune of " Polly Perkins." candidate ( v.B.—U- will less pass.) this is done to the satisfaction of F. A. P—k—r, Esq., no IV_ Translate into prose Latin the last speech m Parliament of tbe lion. member for Devon. When done, put the same into Russian verse. (Do it in a hurry.) T A S M A N I A N H I S T O K Y,— 3 H O U R S . I,—Give the history ©f the honourable the Premier. Describe the battles fought between the hon. Chas. M d h and the Minister of Lands and Works. Also between the sole proprietor of the Mercury and the hon. member for Franklin; and that between Patsey and Paterfamilias. III.—Give the dates of the following events:— a. The completion of the Railway between Hobart Town and Launceston. b. The death of the Evening Mail, and what caused it, c. When Sir Valentine F—m—g gave away sixpence. -Write the history of the Great Tasmanian Reef Swindle, with dates and illustrations. G E O G R A P H Y,— 2 H O U R S . I.—Draw a map of Tasmania, showing where gold will next be discovered, and by whom. II.—Give the number of inhabitants there will be next year. III.—Draw a map of America, giving its length, breadth, and number of inhabitants, in inches. -Draw a map showing the exact course taken by the Premier's friend, Sir John Franklin, in endeavouring to sit on the North Pole. G R A M M A R,—1 H O U R . I.—Correct the errors in the following sentences:— a. And many smile was smole by they. b. And many a wink they wunk that night. II.—Give the derivation of the following words :— a. Patsey. b. Old Boomer, c. The Honorable Member for Devon. E U C L I D,— 5 H O U R S . I.—" A point is that which hath no parts, &c.;" Is this the case in a point of law ? II.—" The Extremities of a line are points." Is this right by the law of Railways ? III.—By the first Postulate draw a straight line from the North Pole to Hong Kong. IV.—Find the centre of the Arctic Circle by the first proposition in the . 3rd Book. V.—At what angle do the eyes look when they squint? A R I T H M E T I C,— 2 H O U R S . I.—If the Minister of Lands and Works gets £700 a-year, what will be the cost of a Railway between Hobart Town and Launceston 1 II.—Find the value of the next Salmon that will be caught in the Derwent, and when found, discover (if you can) what is the worth of the Salmon Commissioners in their own estimation. Dr. O—f—r knowing how much aspirants for the degree will suffer in their endeavours to discover the exact reply to this last question will have refreshments sent in from the Victoria at his own expence. III.—Find the greatest common measure of a bottle of Smith's ale. IV.—The same after the Evangelist has been about the premises. V.—Estimate the cost it would be to the country to have a substantial Secretary to his Excellency the Governor. F R E N C H , - T - 6 H O U R S , I.—Translate into French, after the style of Julius Cassar, the leading article of the Mercury, dated April 1st, J8T0. M I S C E L L A N E O U S,—3 H O U R S . I.—Do you believe in ghosts ? If so, write your reasons and experiences ; and if ycu do not believe in them write th.- most horrible ghost story you ever heard. [Professor Morell, of Collins-street, has been specially engaged to watch its effect on the hair of the Examiners, if they have any.] II.—Trace the line of descent from William Shakspeare to the late Bassett Dickson. III.—State whether you are married or not. If you are married, say how many children you have ; and, if not married, how many you are likely to have when you are. 1ST.B.—Candidates are requested to write a large, clear, round hand, as the Examiner is rather dea£ 