ORDINATION CHARGE. DELIVERED BY THE REV. W. L. BINKS, AT THE ARCHER-STREET CHURCH. My dear young Brothers—lt u with un feigned pleasure that we have listened to- night to your Christian experience and confession of faith which you have made before many wit- nesses; and some of us remember well the time when we stood in a similar position to the one in which you stand this evening. We remem ber the time when we made the confession of faith before God and befo e His people. The tows of God were upon us, and as ministers of Christ we feel to-night deeply humbled when we look at our past rnininteriiJ life, and when we call to remembrance how many of these tows and promises which we made before Goi and before His people have not been fulfilled j and performed as they ought to have been. To address you upon the momentous work to which yon have devoted yourselves to-night is no insignificant (ask for any one of us, especially when weare overwhelmed with asenseof oar own unfaithfulness and unfitness for this work. But the' sense (of unfaithfulness, of dereliction of duty, of neglect in many particulars, must not lead us to lower the standard of God's Word for ministerial character and experience. Better for us to confess our shortcomings and humble ourselves before God, and seek to amend and to improve, than to lower God's standard. We sympathise witii you, my dear brothers, in the position in which you are placed to-night, for we know full well the path in which you have to tread, the worV you have to do in the Lord's vineyard, the temptations you will be subject to, and the trials which are peculiar to minis terial life —trials that others are strangers to. We sympathise with you, and you have our most earnest and hearty wish that God's bless ing may rest upon you. Although there may be difficulties in your way, there are many promises to sustain you amidst all the trials of life. It becomes my duty in consequence of the relation in which I stand to this Church, to address a few words of advice and encouragement to you, and I shall endeavor to do so on the subject of ministerial faithfulness —not that we are about to detain you for any lengthened period. The remarks we have to make will be plain and practical, sad, by God's help, I trust they may be of service to you—to strengthen you in this great work. Let me re mind you of the necessity of faithfulness to yourself, by which I mean the cultivation of personal religion —personal piety. Ton have said this evening, before God and th's people, that you have been brought to a saving ac quaintance with Christ —that you have been converted to God. And, as has already been said to you, this is the first qualification for the work—personal conversion. We recognise no man's claim to the ministry who is uncon verted. God never calls an unconverted man to do Bis work—he has no quali fication —no fitness —he cannot understand the great truths of religion—he cannot direct others into the safe path into which he has not entered himself. We thank God on your be half that you know what conversion is, and that you are prepared to press it on the acceptance of those to whom you preach. Cultivate that grace that has been bestowed upon you, and cul tivate and strengthen all the gifts and graces of j the Holy Spirit. You believe in the doctrine cf ! Christian perfection—you believe in the doc trine of maturity in gracs. Let me urge upon you to seek after this. Let it be the great pur suit of your life to reach that standard, that mark of perfect love, that holiness, that inward piety, that sanctification'of nature, thought, «nd ■ motive which will render you more useful in the Christian Church, aud more happy in the work of the ministry. Need I say to you that you must urge on God's people to this state of holiness and pietyi? We, as ministers, are called to be examples—to stand in this respect before our people as those that are in the enjoyment of greater holiness than those to whom we preach. We are to urge God's people to press into the Canaan of per fect love. I trust this wfll alway? be your en deavor. Cultivate a spirit of holiness end piety, and urge it upon others. Then let me say to you that you axe called upon to be dili gent in your studies; and whatever knowledge you may acquire, make it subservient to the great work to which you have devoted your j lives. Is there any knowledge you may acquit e that cannot be used in the Christian religion? I God expects us to cultivate our powers, im prove our minds, husband our time, thus seek ing to know Him and understand His works, that we may be the better able to expound His Word, and urge upon those to whom we preach j the great doctrines of our holy Christianity. | You are not only to be diligent students study- I ing God's Word and reading proper books, but to be painstaking in your pulpit preparations. You are to be faithful to your selves. God holds you accountable for the im provement of your minds, and if He has called you to this great work he expects you to make due preparation for the distribution—shall I say —ot the biead of life. He expects you to provide a portion for all those to whom you minister ; which cannot be done by studying only, but by prayer and meditation. We are not to go before His people and give utterance to sentiments we have not well weighed. He expects us to give them principles we have well weighed and of the truth of which we are satisfied. Prepare, therefore, for the pulpit. A man that is weak and feeble in the pulpit will be weak elsewhere ; therefore endeavor by properly husbanding your time to prepare for the ministration of Ctodls Word so as to secure that for which you are called into this ministry. You are also called upon to cul tivate the spirit of prayer sad the gift of praynr, for you have to lead the devo tions of God's people—to lead them, ah, to lead them to God—to lead them to the foot stool of Divine mercy—to lead them to the great Mediator; and if you axe to lead the devotions of God's people aright, yon must cultivate the spirit of prayer and the gift of grayer. And our worship in His house should b free from all formality; there must not be the worship of lips only, but also of hearts. Be sure that you avoid that LomQetic or spas modic stylo of prayer that is so common in our day. I mean the preaching to God instead of prayiag to Him. He expects us to pray in the great congregation, and to address Him as humble suppliants. Cultivate that proper style of address to God —simple, plain, humble language—the language of the penitent—the language of the sinner when infinitely blessed; and let your prayer be comprehensive but not wearisome!; and let there be fervor, earnestness, and faith in all the petitions you offer to God. Tniais faithfulness to yourself. For your encour agement in this duty let me say to yon that you have * promises of help in prayer, far supe rior to any forms of prayer. You have the promised help of the Holy Spirit. We are not here to condemn all forms of prayer—we do not generally use them in our public worship; but in their absence yon have something far more important and certain to rest upon—the promised help of tie Spirit. Did not the Lord promise His Spirit to the apostles ? and the promise is as valid now as it was when made to them ; and as sure as the Spirit came down, and sat upon the heads of the apostles like cloven tongues of fire, and'as sure as it came down upon the first Christians, so surely will it come down upon you if you wait upon God in prayer, not only day by day, but especially when you are going to minister to the great congregation —so will your services be acceptable to God and beneficial to His people. You have to-night declared before this con gregation that you are moved by the Holy Ghost. We believe you—that you are moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon yourself this work and office of the Christian ministry. It is well for you that you feel such is the case. You will have often in the future to fall back upon this great truth. You will many times have to revert to the impression received by the indwel ling at the Spirit, and you will many times have to look back to this period as well as to past periods in your life that you may gather strength and encouragement in your future trials and discouragements. That Holy Spirit who has moved your hearts to this Christian w? rk_*","? we believe, abide with you. The Church beUeves you are called, having set you apart for the work of the ministry by the im position of hands—the hands of the ministers or bishops of this Church. Let me say that whafiwe do not use that term, we believe that aU true ministers of Jesus Christ who have been called by Him and have charge of any portion of the Lord's flock, and administer to the holy Sacrament, are truly and properly bishops in the Christian Church. Ten nave, we say, been thus set apart, and now you have to be faithful to your Lord —faithful to Him in your teaching the great truths that He has commanded. And here let me say that the in spired Book of God is our book «f theology; we acknowledge no other source of Divine truth but the Bible. This is our standard. Sometimes men speak of us as if we regarded the writings of Wesley, Fletcher, and Benson as on a par witb the teachings of Scripture; and they speak of our creed. But our creed, is in the Bible, and I urge you to shun every system and doc trine which cannot be proved by the Bible to be of God. When we apeak of our standard books asd writers, all that we mean U that we believe such men have written truths which are in har mony with the teachings of God's Word. Bre thren, allow me a word with you now with regard to speculative theology. Thespecnlative spiritof the age has found it? way into divine things. Be upon your guard against the introduction of novelties into the Christian religion. A man might read a book upon apecnUtiye theology without injury ; but when a man imbibes the sentiments and becomes speculative himself, he is likely to introduce the subject to the attention of the congregation to whom he preaches, and it is probable be may be the means of creating doubt, and affect ing the belief of some individual; and if by enunciating any speculative theology or dogma you should instil into the minds of any of your people that which led them to doubt, and from doubt to nnhftliaf, and then to Hell, God will demand their eonls at your bands. Take care that you observe tbe ancient land marks, that you walk in tile eld path, and take heed to the warnings which you find distinctly written in God's Word, and keep t* the great fundamental doctrines of our holy religion. You are to be faithful in explaining these doctrines—such as the de-' pravity of the human heart and the guilt of i man, and his exposure to punishment, the work of the Holy Spirit in our regeneration, and the justification of the soul before vJod by faith alone in the precious blood of Christ. Then let me say a great deal of your ministry must be Christ —Christ in His divine nature in opposition to the doctrine which is designed to rob Him of His glory—of His Godhead. You are to preach Him in His humility, in His in carnation, in His suffering, in His death, and this iB to be the great subject of your ministry. All other subjects seem to converge to this. All other doctrines you will find to emanate from this great truth, and therefore preach Christ as the apostles preached Him. . Take Paul and his son Timothy as examples in this matter —" We preach Christ crucified.'' And though other men may delight in preaching other subjects, the great theme of your ministry must be the Lord of Life and glory, presenting Him before the people as the only Saviour for tbe fin of tbe world; presenting Him as the great High Priest now before the throne of God mairing intercession for man; and offer Him as a Saviour able to save to the uttermost all that come to God by Him. Now there are many other subjects which must be embraced in your ministry. You are to be faithful exponents of the truth, and to present nothing else; and you must present it with heart and souL There are many men who preach very good sermons, which are spoiled and rendered nnacc -ptable by bad delivery or something else, which is often the result of habits which might have been checked. Avoid everything that would mar the success of your ministry or render that ministry unacceptable. God has given you fruit of your labor, thereby showing that He approves of your work. Avoid everything that would prevent the usefulness of your ministry. Be faithful to the souls committed to yourcare. You are to lead sou's to Christ, and to feed the flock of God, and unless you do this you will not secure the approbation of the Great Shepherd. Yon are not appointed to this ministry for the display of any talents, learning, or eloquence, but at the same time if any such advantages have been bestowed they must be laid under contribution to Christ—they must be used for Him. A man may win the applause of congregations, but unless he wins souls he misses the great object of his ministry. Be faithful to the souls entrusted to your care— not only watch ever the charge and feed it, but you are to endeavor to increase the number within the fold. For he that converteth a sinner from the error of his way shall save a soul from death and hide a multitude of sins. You are to establish a charge by the conver sion of sinners. Not by proselytising or by en couraging the members or hearers of other Churches to sit under your ministry. Seek that you may save. If there be wan derers from Christ you must try to restore them. If there be sick in the Church it is your duty to visit them. You are to be the pastors of His flock. As far as possi ble visit the people committed to your care; you know not the influence you may thereby gain. To be faithful to your charge you must especially care for tbe young—they will need encouragement from you, and to be instructed at your hinds. Let them have a word in your put die ministrations, and let them always have a share in you prayers in tile House of God, and let them have a smile from you when you meet them in their parents' houses ; and so show the children that may be committed to your care that you have an interest in them. Most ear nestly and devoutly do I pray God to help you |in this work—that His grace may be sufficient -for you^i I trust that there is ajjnghl.and suc cessful fufare before you. May tbe Spirit of God rest upon you, and may He make you j aMe preachers of the New Testament. You will shortly hive to take our places. May the Great God whom yon serve qualify you and fit you to serve His Church, and may the congre | gation now pressnt lift up their hearts to God for the descent of His Holy Spirit upon all Christ's ambassadors—that we may do the work He has given us to do, and that ministers and people may at last be gathered around His throne. 