TH1 TRAVELLER. THE CARNIVAL OF VENICE. A special correspondent of the Arew Yoify World famishes to that paper from Venice, under date of the 2nd of March, the following lively description of the Carnival in that city: In wet weather and cold perhaps the Vene tians are a miserable folk. To-day and yesterday they have been, or at least they have seemed to be, the sole Arcadians left tb as in a work-aday world of woe. Yesterday the carnival culminated in Shrove Tuesday. All over the Catholic world this festival does ite very best to beep alive the memory of thp joyous Pagan days that went and came before the gods were driven from Olympu*, and their temples taken from them to be the shrine of a new faith, and their statues burned up for iime. Bat it is only in Venice that the attempt is thoroughly successful The Mardi Chrat of Paris is no longer eren the jovial vulgar Mardi Oras of Paul de K ick, In Florence and Rome it is a coarse, noisy, bratal sort of saturnalia, wherein the empty headed of all ranks and condition in lifp amuse themselves daring the day with pelting their fellow-creatures with pounded mortar and turnips and carrots, and daring the night with dancing off their lpgs and their decency in some hot, uproarious theatre. If yoa bire a carriage in Borne for the carnival, the owner makes you pay three or four times the ordinary rates, by. way of protecting himself against the damage which is sure to be done to his vehicle; and, unless yoar eyes are of no particular use to yon, you will do wellaUo to protect them with a mask. In Florence the police find in Shrove Taesday no f an at ail, but the hardest work of the whole year, I attended the masked ball of the Pergola in Florence on Saturday night, and fottna it not much more entertaining, nor yet much more orderly, than die wretched orgies with "which enterprising gentlemen from "the capital of civilisation" have on sundry occasions favoured us in New York, nnder the pretext of familiarly ing us with the graceful intrigues and thefas^: dnatlng mysteries of Parisian life, la the course of toe evening no fewer than five ar rests were made by thegendarmes, and at the close of the entertainment some 200 young ladies in antigae costume were dancing on their hefMla about three feet above the level of the fiwttier of boxes. But the Carnival of Venioe is a carnival not so much of flesh and Noodas of colour and of light .For the Coao jvith itf copsmonplace pomp of eani pages auditsdisputing tpprnamentof filth; it* npise,. its dust* to loir passions, atad itt idiotic fctalebaloo, V«nioe has the shining Plaoeof Saint Mark, all ve*tfth merry rais kere, and attuned to a ceaseless concord of sweet booMS. ffer wonoroM waterways are cloven Wifttyby swift ttwikgondolto, bloom* ing with their freight of youth ahd beauty* All day long I startled about the glowing Piaos* among *h» groups of oonteuteaidlera, Pictuweijne ,6oonteyji>eoiij6. from Cft 'jt$3 nZ&'&vS.; fi-inanAU-at- b^Ulnfvtaoo { Aoixils mdi v<i'Vm half-Oriental arcades, whoso shade never deepens into gloom, the throng went ever to and fro before the shop-windows with a gut teriog show of jewels and silver and goli ot pictures and of carved work. Orave-tookiag ancient persons who, in Paris or iu London, would hare been undeniably and deplorably "seedy," whereasbere tliey werebut vene rably worn and picturesquely frayad, sat tn the little straw chairs in frontof th ecajjcs and comforted themselves with unlimited b* chitecture and sunshine to their little penny worth of chocolate and bre*<L With the very first moment ot the dusk the festivalflMhed on t in a splendour sadden yet serene. The lofty central kiosk which by day had been bngnt with colour, became in a moment by night as bright with flame. It streamed and shone with parole and crimson and green amd Wae and gold. Through all the ways of Venice, in gofltdolAS hdT thOQMQu hlduCB on foot along her marreJioM streets, more closely hidden still, the holiday folk poured into the Piazza. From the grand front gallerjrot the cathedral electric lights threw their weird, intense, fantastic, and almost intolerable day \ipon the gathering masses, and brought out into mngipal relief every hue and tone of the dresses and the banners, of the waving taoes tries and the shimmering pennons. T<*o orchestras appeared in the carved enceintes of the central kiosk as suddenly as if they too had been lighted, and in a moment ailed the sir with music. None but masks were suffered to enter the kiosk, and, as it was en tirely open on all sides, its dancers made the evening's spectacle to the city promenading in the Place, The lofty campanile glowed in its upper galleries with crimson lights. The bronze men-at-arms, who stand, hammer in hand, on either side of the bell at the topot the azure and golden tower of the Orologio, loomed up strangely, and like ghosts of a by gone day, against the illuminated aky. 1 de termined to see the Place from the campanile, and with some little trouble succeeded in seducing the keeper, who finally consented to allow me to climb up with him, 300ft, to its topmost gallery. How can I attempt to de scribe the scene on which from thence I gazed ? My companion shook his head sadly, and told me it was. after all, but a " piccolo carnevale"a little thing, sir," he said, a very little thing." He remembered-the worthy old fellow-such carnivals in the past There was . the carnival of the Emperor Ferdinand, when that estim able sovereign deigned to visit his im perial and royal city of Venice. How long ago was that? A matter of thirty years or so, or it might be near forty." But, a4j such a carnival! such crowds! such lights! such music 3 All the Grand Canal in a blazer all the Riva dei Schiavoni! "Ia truth, tbi~ j is but a little carnival, Signor 1" t Idare say f , was a little carnival But a little canuvs goes a long way in Venice with one who hi never known-a great one. Fancy a night iii March as soft as June; the most romantic ami picturesque public place in the whole world; innumerable lightB glancing upon ornaments and decorations as innumerable; music, in cessant and intoxicating; a thousand masker1 dnnning to the music, and some forty tho? sand people gazing on the dancers, pro menading about the place; making ceaselei groups and currents in the light and (Shade! From time to time little fire-balloons, set t up from the kiosk far below us, would conie slowly, softly sailing about the lofty tower. Scared from their slumber among the Bain s and prophets and evangelists of the facade of St Mark's, the sacred pigeons of _Dandolp went whirring and gleaming around ua likje spirits in the air. ' Under the mctm-esqae arches of the towjk of the Orologio, which leads to the Merceria, the chief street of the present traffic of Venice -a street about as wide as one of the sida walks of Broadway-* troop of maskers ii medueval costume for a time stationed theaj selves with coloured lanterns, and flags set o{i gilded spears, and standing there sang lovely Neapolitan airs. Gustave Dorf might have drawn the group, but to give its full effect <jf colours and of chiaroscuro one should have the combined powers of Rembrandt and df Paul Veronese. j X ended the night at the Fenice Theatre where the final fcata di ballo of the Venetian fashionable world was celebrated. A wonder ful ball it was-a ball where nobody danced and where everybody seemed to enjoy them selves. " No one danoes here," I said to i lively blue domino who had done me tn honour to take compassion upon my isolation and who informed me thatshe had come froi Treviso expressly toattend this/^fe. "Cer tainly not, she replied; " these are all gentL tiviU." From which you wilt p'ease to un derstand that in Venice, the land of the mass it is thought unbecoming for masked persoq of position to danoe. It ia now some yeat since I myself oeased to consider daucinL absolutely indispensable to human happiness]; and, after my experience of a Venetia*1 masked ball, I am prepared to mainta that it is positively atrnud and barbarous i dance whoa one can BO easilydo better. L what time the lastpromenadere .floated ill visibly home from the Fenioe l know nof but the sound of their far-off singing, as the passed in festive group* by calle and cans1 was still la my earn when I tell asleep tii morning. At noon to-day I took a gondola and war out to the charming Armenian oonvent beyotr the Lido, the convent where Byron chose' establish himself and to chew the cad Oriental meditation for a couple of years t long ago. It is a very flourishing institute still, and a useful one I fancy, and it Is ttad the protection still, asit has always been, the Ottoman Porta. I had a long and interesting conversation with anandsome bright-eyed Armenian father, who plied t with questions when he found I had just con from Rome and the Coanoil For hit oi part ha evidently thought but little go.r likely to come of the latter, and I was quit» sMc to 4beviriieia«ioeoflilBfndignatio i against the1PatriarchHaaoun, who* asyo i know, has jusfcbeen getting himself into at t water at Constantinople by his submission t > Rome. When I tola my Armenian fatbc r that tin Pope had excommunicated carta! i ie^CTrfthj^ . tbeo.excotnniunloatexa aftfwirtshiM^hi as his." He tefasedtospeak ofgis i's aotsas " «mo<*«ious " to&om;<, , . _ rtddkmua rbesald withempt tni^. ^ ioknt ' 6o« 