THE STORY OF TOM SOPER'8 WILL. (FKOM ' ONCE A WZBK.') [ 'What induced him to do it!' was the I question. I ' Heaven knows I' was the answer. | But the long and the short of the matter was [ this:— Mr. Tom Soper, an attorney by profession, bad established himself many years ago, in the little townof Cogswell, under tbejpatrooage of old Lady Dudgeon, who was a distant cousin of his ; and, being a man of agreeable manners, he be came so great a favourite with that lady that, not oily was the management of all her affairs plaoed in his hands, bat it was generally sup posed that she had, in a manner, adopted him— he being an unfortunate orphan of about five and-thirty— and intended to endow him with all her worldly possessions, when she should require them no longer herself. But Mr. Tom Soper, was an ambition* man, he was an impa tient man, and, was not content to look forward to a happy future, but wanted a happy present as well ; and, in seeking that happiness, which with him assumed the shape of money, he per mitted himself so to manage his relative's aflura that a portion of her income found it* «'«y into bis own purse. Lady Dudgeon disco vered these proceedings, and there was a hot quarrel. Mr. Soper was forthwith disadopted, and sent about his business ; he had killed the fioose that laid the golden eggs, and went about aeclftnna that if \\-~A Hi_ ^T;.j *_ ? :*._ »_? ? ? O '?'?' »v uau VUlJf U1OU VU BLUM nifjl that any reasonable bird would have lived through the operation and been all the better for jt_* ],tUe gentle bleeding for the good of its health. Lady Dudgeon, however, refused to look upon it in that light, aodfortwitb installed another distant oousin, a young lady this time, l?t,h?J™tio0 of ficlt fc'»™» People said that Mr. Soper'* ingratitude had broken Udi Dudgeon's heart and hastened her death; bo* «s sbe survived that little episode some ten ''T1 ^''oignty-aightwheu aba did die, perhaps old age lad m much to do with it as anything else. Mr. Soper, on receiving the melancholy tidings put ou hU hat mS went np to the house of mourning ; for, aaid he, notwiihsUnd tag certain unpleasant misunderstanding, that o*A arisen between him and the deceased, he SjhTSS*'**1 faerwiai.iuilimitBdSam; «»d all duTereooa. wen forgotten^ -£egrave, and moreover as next of fin, it wa» hufiel. ucboly privilege to take the maaaownent of snWsuitohU own hands. i|uvSffiofW nert o km startled ew.ybody- ii^Sn^ all tin- n.. ? 1 '.r™'* '''s™ naa omuvea twL T?:? roUtlv«»..»nd no on* had given a ~a.l~r10d wat he waa interested to a very Pat ertent was soon proved by ti» dupovery As inheritor «f Ladv DubVeon'a w«»ia. M i™!?.™!1? wcre ?-* ofttejnisaerthei, -» .„ prideT 6t *** a *OTSW **& ttroogh cimena, and 1 gedSoSaneo^S^^^I1 ***' ?^MMie^hirR? *d*i*°F^ mlortWopat. tb-- ProoeeS^.*0 «*? rtereowopei : iud wdCortgRv**' to ^melndT^K^ ball UooTadftS.?!??* *»?» rf *? 5' Black aSSSSPSS gyten^nt^ww'^W^^If^^, EtbtbIwvJ ' uln ruti y ffilumjy aif Wsalfciir ' JJS^iiopartiiig Jmbw^j, :jths^^5^ burns, and then-it is destroyed ! No wco thing [ 'What do you mean T' aaid Mr. Soper ?I mean, my dear sir, I mean, ladies and gentlemen, that it simply altered, ? not des troyed j it was once paper, now it is so much tinder so muoh vapour. You will understand, before I have finished my address, that what once has been, always will bo ; and that what is, always has been in some shape or other Perhaps *i the present moment '—here he took a sip of water—' I am imbibing a portion of a love-letter written one hundredvears ago.' * Mr. Soper allowed the professor to conclude his discourse without further interruption, lean ing back-in his chair thoughtfully, and navine no heed to the words of knowledge. He com plained of not being very well; and when the Bnt part of the entertainment-tile scientific part-^came to a close, and the dancing and feasting km about to begin, he excused him self from further attendance. Ho was an old man now, he said, and would leave that sort of thing to the young people j so he went round to the bar of the 'Black Lion,' and ordered them to pot his horse to, while he fortified UllnflfUT With A «l.l tiVttv nl.a. r,t L^.^J ? ? water, the night being a particularly oasty one ? and on the top of that he had another class still stronger, and then, pulling his coat well up about his eats, and his hat well down over his nose, he got into his gig, and went rattling down the street There was no mistake about the rain ; it was that dogged, downright rain, that evidently means to make anight of it, and yet was not of that steady deumpUon that may be circum vented by an umbrella, or a particular inclina tion of the body. No! it was in league with the wind, which was howling with the force of forty lunatic uylums let loose, and blown hither and thither in a wild, disorderly manner there was no guarding against ; and then the horse, instead of running straight a-head, as a horse should do in the expenenced hands of Mr. Sopor, insisted on a zig-zag course, aa though with the idea that, if be oould make a flank-march, he would get behind the wind and beallriebt. There I it was decided at last It had been a matter of contention all along, between Mr Sopor and the wind, as to which should have his hat ; he naturally thought that he had a right to his own property, but the wind seemed to be of a different mind, and the wind got its way. Mr. Soper had put down his whip, and clapped his band upon this coveted property, and had he kept it there the victory had been his ; but the wind was not to be baffled like that; it made a feigned attack on the apron, which was well-bnttoned down, and would have resisted all efforts at dislodgemcnt, but Mr. Soper, forgetting this, fell into the snare, and left his bat unguarded for a moment, only for a moment, but that was enough. Witb * scream of triumph, the wind caught it, and whisked it off into the darkness, and there he sat bareheaded to the beating of the pitiless rain. There was no help for it, that he knew at once, for the hat must be miles away by this time, so he tied his handkerchief over his head, though it was very soon wet through, and drove ooggecuy on. xne ram got down nis neck, and through the handkerchief, and under the hand kerchief, and into, his eyes, so that he could scarcely see, and into his ears, bo that it sent a cold shiver all through him — there was one par ticularly cold and penetrating drop that made him shake his head, as it went on its voyage of discovery into the inner cavities of his ear— and all this time that brute of a hone was dodging first on one aide and then on the other, ana the hedgerows, as well u he oould see them in the darkness, teemed, blown as they were with the wiaa, hi oe Betting to one anomer in a gaostly fashion ; and it waa altogether the most uncom fortable drive that Mr. Soper had ever had. But the only thing to be done was to whip his horse, and keep him in as straight s line as possible. 'Tom Soper I' He pulled up suddenly, all in a tremble, and looked over his shoulder, expecting to find some one in the spare seat of his gig, for the voice that called him seemed close to his ear, but no one was (here ; and then he peered into the darkness, right and left, and then, with an an gry shake of his shoulders, he muttered ' Bah ! 'twas only fancy. What a fool 1 am !? Get on, old horse.' And, with a lash of his whip, away he went again, splashing through tie mud. 'Tom Soper I' ?.- There was no mistake this time, yet, though he turned round very sharply, he oculd see no one ; and then his. hair fairly stood on end, ex cept that portion that waa held down by the handkerchief. '? Who's that !' said be. ' You cant see me,' said the mysterious voice, ' so its no use looking.' ' Who are you!' asked Tom Soper. 'The Ghost of the Last Will and Testament of Lady Dudgeon.' ' Good Lord 1' exclaimed the unhappy man, and Bat plump down on the wet cushion ; for he had stood up, yon must understand, when he looked round. ' Yes, Tom, 'tis all true what the professor aaid ; you can't destroy anything. You thought yon had destroyed me, didn't yon, when you threw me on the fire and watched the smoke go curling up the chimney t but you didn't destroy me, you only killed me. My body, the black oinder, was buried in the dust bin ; my spirit, that smoke that you watched, went up the chimney and joined the clouds. Rather mixed oompany up there, Tom, I can ?asnie you— ail sorts of low forgeries and lies— so that I am glad to get down again : and now, at this present moment, Tom, I am snugly en aoonoed, in the ahajw of a drop of water, in your right ear— no I its no use you can't get at me with your finger— and there 1 mean tore main until 1 evaporise. ' ' Shall you be long evaporiaing, sir!' asked Tom, humbly. A«e, wi»b huh » M. Mil fllUHl a UlU UTVp yUU see. But, don't you make any mistake, you have not got rid of me when I do. I moan to take lodgings there, ao that I can run un — or, I should aay, ran down— whenever I like, and find myself at home. I mean to haunt you, Tom.' 'Good Lord I' said Tom, for the second time, ' was ever a man haunted with the ghost of a last will and testament before V ' Perhaps not And, what is more, there is the ghost of a codicil somewhere about I'll take - lodgings in your other ear for him, for 1 shall be sun to meet hjm in my rambling! abroad.' 'Heaven defend me t' said Tom, 'for I am an old man, and very repentant.' All Tom, Tom I now could you do such a thing t Sppbing that poor girl of hor money, not to mention the five hundred pounds left to tin clergyman in th« codiciL How oould yon find it in your conscience! to rob that good man and that lnnooent girl, eh !' ' I had no consoieot* then,' said Tom whim p»ring, 'but it has grown upon me aiuae, *nd I'm very sorry ; and Til build another literary and scientific institution if jWll leave off haunting me.' 'Literary Ad scientific institution ! B.ub biah !' ' I'll leave all my money to the poor when I die,' ' It won't do, Tom, it won't do. Yon mutt set the wrong right' 'Oive up fiie money!' said Tom, in great fear. 'Well. 1 might ask you to do that with per fect justice, and to pay interest for the time you Lave had it; but I won't do that, for a reason best known to myself.' 'Yon don't mean that 1 bare not Jong to {live f 'tJw wat more frightened now than «var. ' Never mind what I mean, ' said the voice ; ' only when people have come to your age tliey ?bottlayt get wet through. If you had not burnt the will, you would not have had the money; and if you had not had the money., W ?would not iave built the literary and; wjfentifio institution j «ud if you had not built the Jitsraiy and saentifio institution, you iwould not haw teen here to-night ; and if yon ; h»d Ofltbeeu here to- pight, you would not have. rot-wet through ; and If you had I not «rt *r*t through, you would not ii» ve ? ?hem' 'What shall I del oh, what «Wf Idol' ?aid Tom. 'I tun ao very sorry.' 1 '«1^mqstdothU,'aaidtneghoslj 'andl; must make haste and tell you, forlamflva Writing very fut. You must make your will atonoe— the vary first tiling to-morrow morn ing,' ! T?*S« orating a» tiiat f murmured Tom, . j ' Anilntne first plaoe, you must leave that fire hundred pounds to the clergyman ; ieias. t^^cliU^sArtady.^dwffilrtVftryplad \ 'Yes, yes,1 gaid Tom- 'I'll do that, am leave the rest to Fanny Champion.' ., «» »«°h thing I Leave half to Fanny, and the other half to Jerry Simpson.' !!{S7y simPaon ' »nd what has he done t' When Fanny was living with the old lady, Jerry fell in l0Ve with her, but was too proud, or too modest, or too something or other— you would think too foolish— to say anything to her, as she was then looked upon eg an heiress. But, since tho altered state of circumstances, Jerry has spoken out, and they have got them selves engaged to one another, but cannot marry just yet, for want of means. Now, if you leave all the money to Fanny. Jerry's spirit will be up in arms again, and no ono can say what will follow ; but you leave it between them, and it will make things right' ' I will I I will ! But would it be honest to depart from the terms of the -the ? ' 'The burnt will? Bah ! how can yon talk of honesty and the burnt will in the same breath. Bo as I bid you, and if you do not, so much the worse. But I can't stay, Fm going fast ' — here the voioe became very faint ' I'm evaporating, Tom, or I'd stay with a great deal of pleasure. Good- bye, and mind you do as I bid you. Good-bye, for the praaa.' And so the voioe died away. Tom Soper never knew how he got home ; out the servant who opened the door to him always declared that he got home in a wet bundle, in the bottom of the gig, perfectly in sensible, and in that state he wls put to bed, and a doctor tent for; and in the morning, more omnious than the dreaded tick of any death-watch, came a lawyer; and Tom Soper made hiB will, and Buch reparation as lay in his power for the wrong he had done. In less than a fortnight that will had to be read, and people declared that it was the most incomprehensible will that was ever penned : for, as to Miss Champion, it was known that Tom Soper had had what amounted almost to an aversion for her ; Jerry Simpson, who was then up in London being turned into an archi tect, was no more than a speaking acquaint ance; and there was not a penny bestowed in chanty. The trustees of the schools, the guar &3 itu^^^P 'the pump in repair, the ™'» «' ''= uwrary uisutuuon, ana, in a word, everyone connected with any of the loca chanties, declared flatly that the five hundred pounds had evidently been intended as a charitable trust-fund, and even went so far as to quarrel among themselves as to its distribu tion ; but the clergyman, happening to differ from them in tolo, kept the aoaey for his own use and benefit ; and so the literary and scientific institution, which it had been in contemplation to call ' The Soper Lyceum of Science,' came ?™ v u|ivi.uj suu iui nftUb ul J.UUQJ9. ELOQ tJQ( building stands desolate and un tenanted ? (there is a talk of turning it into a lunatic asylum, but the ' Black Lion1' has petitioned against it)— even unto the present day — a melancholy monu ment of the vanity of human wishes, Everyone said it was the most incomprehen sible will ever penned ; and bo one-half of Cogs well asked, ' What induced him to do it !' and the other half answered, 'Heaven knows 1' But the above may be taken as a true statement of the matter, though how the facts came to be known— whether they were diruleed bvMr. Soper himself, or whether the ghoBt of the last will and testament paid a Becoud visit to earth and told the story— must remain a profound secret All that it is necessary to say is, Jerry Simpson and Fanny Champion were married, and lived happily ever afterwards. 