MR. FROUDE ON THE PHILOSOPHIC of ms rom: I Mr. Froude, the historian, delivered an interesting address at Devonport, on July 26, us president of the Devonshire Association for the Advancement of Science. Mr. Froude said there was a time when Devonshire was the most advanced county in England, During the hundred years which followed the Reformation, Lancashire and Yorkshire, Durham and Northumberland, were the strongholds of old-fashioned opinions. They were places where everything that was old was consecrated, and now ideas were intolerable. Somersetshire, Worcestershire, Cornwall, and Devonshire were the chief seats of the staple manufactures of England. They were progressive, energetic, full of intellectual activity, taking the lead in what was then the great liberal movement of the use. The knights and squires of the north were wrapped up in themselves. They rarely left their own Iiousob. They rarely saw the face of a stranger, unless of some border marauder. The merchants of Plymouth and Dartmouth were colonising the New World and opening a trade with every accessible port in the Old. The Hawkinses, the Drakes, the Davieses, the Raleighs, were the founders of the ocean empire of Great Britain, while, on the other hand, for mental energy is always many-sided? Devonshire, in giving birth to Hooker, bestowed the greatest of her theologians on the Church of England. Times had somewhat changed. The march of intellect had moved northward. The soil up there, after lying fallow so many i centuries, disclosed the reservoirs of force which were stored in the coal measures. The I productive capacities of the island shifted in the direction where there was most material for them to work with, while Devonshire rested on I its laurels. Improved means of communication ! roads, canals, railways, the electric telegraph? I had diminished the i in port uncle of the smaller I harbors or towns, and thrown the business of the country into a few enormous centres. Mr. Froude next proceeded to speak of historical study and the various phases through which it I had passed at different periods. In closing this portion of his address he said We are as far as over from forming impartial judgments, j mid facts partially stated are not facts at all. For the present I object to all historical theories, i I object to them as calculated to vitiate the ob- servation of facts without which such specula- tions are not worth the paper on which they are written. 1 said at the beginning that neither history nor any other knowledge could be obtained except by scien- tific'mothods. A constructive philosophy of it, however, is as yet impossible, and for the present, and for a long time to come, we shall be confined to analysis. Will it over be otherwise ? Three times? in Greece, in Rome, in modern Europe the best of the chroniclers have made a near approach to being trustworthy. The most perfect English history which exists is to be found, in my opinion, in the historical plays of Shakespeare. In these plays, rich as they are in fancy and imagination, the main bearings of the national story are scrupulously adhered to, and wherever attainable, verbal correctness. Shakespeare's object was to exhibit as faithfully as he possibly could the exact character of the great actors in the national drama? the circumstances which surrounded them, and the motives, internal and external, by which they were influenced. To know this is to know all. The reader can form his own theories. No such directness of insight, no such breadth of sympathy, has since been applied to the writing of English history. Even Shakespeare himself, perhaps, could not have been the man that he was at any other epoch. And Shakespeare's attitude towards human life will become again attainable to us only when intelligent people can return to an agreement on first principles when the common sense of the wisest, and best among us has superseded the theorising of factious and parties when the few but all important truths of our moral condition, which can be certainly known, have become the exclusive rule of our thoughts and actions, and the speculative formularies into which we have mapped out the mysterious continents of the spiritual world have been consigned to the place already thronged with the ghosts of like delusions which have had their day and perished. At present our sole duty is to study and set down with as much impartiality as our frailties will j allow us the truth, as we can really discern it, imagining nothing, inventing nothing, conceal- 'j ing nothing, condemning nothing, save the breach of those moral laws which have been acknowledged Sacred by universal consent, and sympathising with all varieties of thought by which good men have allowed their actions to be guided. So, and so only, we can accumulate materials for a philosophy of history; and when we have got so far it is possible that a philosophy may not be needed. 