OTHERWISE-MINDED. Tlie unconstitutionally otherwise-minded are '" thoworst partisans in the world, and never flake, . up a cause heartily— never with mora than one 'hand, that tliey may leave the other freo for a hit: of Vprostidigitation if need be, when their /( audience: change, in character and complexion. \- ..The only time when they are devoted adherents Jis if their own family ie in the opposite ranks, when \- :they oome out from among them with scrip and /.; spear and go over to the onemy without failing a single button of the uniform. This is specially true of young people and of women ; both of whom call their, natural love of opposition by the nnmo of religious prinoipls and moral duty. Youths 'just fresh from the schools, bent on the regener- " ution' of mankind, and thinking that they can do in a few years what society has been painfully ' 'labouring to accomplish since the first savage ' elubbod his neighbour for stealing his hoard of '' roots or carrying off bis private squaw, are sure , .;t6 be intensely otherwise-minded uud to under- stand nothing of liarmonious working witli the ;; old plant. Red Republicans under the family ,-:Jlag.; of .purple and orange; froe-thinkers in the . church where the paternal High and Dry holds \- forth. on Sundays on the prinoipls of the divine inspiration of the English translation hound in calf and letterrcd cum privilegio : Romnnists worshiping saints and relics in the very hoart of the Peouliar People wlio put no trust in man or " works— we know them all, ardent, enthusiastic, '.' uncompromising, and horribly aggressive, with f/thci down just shading their smooth young chins, ! and the great book of human life barely turned V at the page of adolescense. Yetthis is a form.of ' otherwise-mindadness which, though, we laugh , at and are often annoyed by it, we mupt treat ,. gently on the whole. We cannot bo cruel to a , .leryour, even when insolently expressed, which . we know the world will tame so soon, and which at worst is often better than the dead level of -conformity; even- though its zeal is not uni- \- mixed with conceit, and burning desire for the \- world's good is not froo from a few slnmbsring embers of self-laudation and the " lust infirmity." " In a house inhabited by the otherwise-minded— any one member of a family is enough to set' a ''whole ruck" awry — nothing is allowed" to go /smoothly by default; nothing can be done with- '"Out endless .'discussion ; and all the well-oiled .castors of compromise, good nature, " it dees \- ' hot signify," &c.;, by which life runs easily in /fnost places are rusted or broken. At table there is an . incessant cross-fire of objections and of iinrgumeuts more1 or less temperately conducted and never coming to a satisfactory conciusioq. There are 'so many places, too, which' have been sore rubbed by this perpetual chafing that a stranger to the secrets of' domestio pathology is _ kept not only in a fever of annoyance, but. in a "of astonishment, at the temper shown about trifles, and the deadly offence that seems to lurk boliind quite ordinary topics of conversation. Not-knowing all that hns gone before, he is not : prepared for the present uncomfortable aspect of tilings, and in feet is like a boy reading' algebra, understanding nothing of what he sees, though the symbolising letters ore familiar euougk to ' him. - They quarrel about everything, and when tl;ey- do not quarrel they argue. If one wants to do something that must be done in concert, the other/would die rather than unite ; and days, seasons,- and .wishes can nevcr'be- got to work themselves; into harmonious coalition. When, they ore out "' enjoying themselves''— language is arbitrary, and the sense of the word not always clear-rjthey cannot agree on anything and; you may. hear them fire off scornful squibs- or otlier- \- -wise-ntindedness aoross .: the.- j rows of :. prize flowers, or in. the interval of one of Beethoven's sonatas. iAnd if theycannot < find i cause for dis agreement,- on the merits -,of the subject before .Vtbem.itliey .find it . in each other.- . For otlier- jJ;,wise- mia'dednes3 is like the ragged little princess .lin. tlie.German - fairy tale, who proved her royal \- .-blood . by being unable to sleep on the top of seven feather beds— German feather beds, bo- /nea(li/nll of which . oua single bean had .been ' plAced .'a's'the/ test of , Iter .'insensibility; give it but the'chance -of. a '.souffle;, the ghost of. a coat tail , to tread on, an imaginary - chicken bone among'-. the; .down, .and .y.oumay be. sure that tho opportunity will not be loBt. . When yon are \- pa, the; look .out . foe (beans; we shnll fiud them '1eHenUV;enaW|>'',fe'at)i'er;;.beds'.'T.anti' wlxeii " 's'liilielahs abound .there, will iiever be. wanting j.''jt||e;-.traU.:Of. »'ooajb;tail '.across .the path.': So we '. find i wlien we bave to do with the, otherwise- " ihiiided'iyli6 will hot „tnke things pleasantly, and -can- never be got to see either beauty or value . Let one of these have a saint'for fi'.' wife'/ and lie' will .tell' you snjnts .are bores, hud /runners "the only housemates to be desired. /Lot him; change Ilis; state/. and/UiiB time'pick up the rinrier in (longing fpr wbom; lie .lias.so often- vexed his poor saint's soul, and he ".willffudthe-only'' domestic happiness to consist .iiin a sernph/of -the most exalted kind ; if he has -"ZeuobiaVhe5 wants Griselda ;. "if Semiramis, King 'Goplietua's beggnr miiid."'. The dear departed whose- buihg was . such a milstoue .in times past, j becomes' 'the -/emblem of'., ail! that'- is lovely in ' hiimamty when a shaft has to be,, thrown to the _.partner.of times present and the marriage that ;;>was; notoriously ill assorted .is painted in gold .innd ; rose colour throughout, and' its discords '-''mended up; into 'a full score' of liarmoriy wljen ' the new Wife "or new -husband has' to be. snubbed B;for'n6' other renson than the otherwise-minded; 'l which. '.-oaiinqt. agree. "with whnt it .- lips', j .Childrehand.'soryintS come in for their share of Vthg, unfortunate Temper, whioli reverses tho old adaga about tho absent, and so far from making .jthepa lip -the wrong transfers the burden of tho blame to those present, and conveniently forgets ;;its former litany: of complaint. No ono would be' more surprised than those very absent if ..Jhoy Iieard tliemsslves upheld, as possessors of all ' possible. virtues ivhon, ncording to their memory, They , hnd , been . little -batter; than i.po'ne'retions .'of lyiuked nesa and folly in tho days of their subjection to criticism. T'-ey need not flatter themselves: jCoiild lliey .return, or if tliey. do . return Tjto,, s'the.i old i .place, tbey - will ' ' be ' sure fto return to tlte old oonditjous - and; the praise TJuvlshed o'n them when tliey nre absent, by way oi rebuke-to hose, unhioky ones on tlio npnt, will bq i-hanged for their benefit into the blame and the rebukalamiliar to them. In fact, no circumstance' iwhateyer touch the central quality of the other-' «w|seminded. They must have something to bite; jto grumble at, to re-arrange, at least iu wish, if aiot' in deed — If only tiiey bad been cqn-l pulled nothing would liavo" gone '-wrong that |iaBtgone: wrong; and "I told you so" -is Tlio1' shibboleth of their ' order. It - is ghll ind wormwood .to them when , they are obliged to , ogr'eej and when, for decency's sake, they must \- " praise what indeed offers no point to condemn ; hut even when they get caught in the trap of .-unanimity tliey contrive to say something qhitei | unnecessary about evils wliiolt no one was- think; -'ing of, and which have nothing to do witli the case in point. ; 3 1 Faith. — A female toachor in a school that stood ( op tho banks of a small river onco wished to oom- imUnicato to.hcr pupils nn idea of faith. While she t was trying to oxpluiu tho mraaing of the word a -Hinall.povorod boat hovo in sight. Seizing, upon the -Tuciddnt for aii illustration, she exclaimed, "If I : were to toll you that thero was a log of mutton iq . that boat, you would bolievo me, would you not, without even seeing it yourselvos — " Yes, ma'am," (ropliod tho Boliolaru. "Well, that is faith," said tho j schoolmistress, Tho next day, in order to test' their recollection of tho lesson, she onquired, " What is faith ?" — " A leg of mutton in a boat," ' was the auswer shouted from alt parts of tho school room. 