i OTIK LONDON NEWS-LETTER. \- [From our own: Correspondent.] London, December 31. i Within & few hours the year 18.69 will have passed into history. It has been" marked with some memojable eyents; ,whjch ,will> exercise a potent influence hi- the: future;. Subh are the transformation of the —Imperial autocracy of Frahceintb""aCons titdtional Empire, which may nave a great effect in conserving the peaoe of Europe; the opening of the Suez .Canal, destined Cq become a new channel for the com iierceof the world; the progress of Bepublican opinion,, as shown by the events whichhave taken place in Europe ; in Spain, still unpro vided with a Sovereign ; and imltaly,: embar rassed by her perverse King'; the" completion of ttff- dPacifib' r Baflway?f -which establishes a through communication, between the Atlantic and Pacific; and'binds together the new mem iwrs-of'"the:'^eat-'Enfpire: Kepublic; and the asMmhling? ! of the (Ecumenical' Council at Boine, which may end in making the Pope an absolute spiritual potentate,, whp. will have i he Catholic-hierarchy throughout-the world at-his feet, and place himself in direct antagonism to eveiy ?remlisedr Government " in the world. Hen(^oftH;rin'place of Catholic unity we: may have CathpHo "schism and division, which may substitute , -National Churches for ; Papal Churches;'and lead to vast reforms iu the.direc? tionrof Protestantism.. " " - ' . - i The aimiilsbf the British' Empire during the pastLyear. have been'.unusually' striking. Under: ther auspices of a Gladstone Administration,? and with tlw- full approbation-of -the Commons,. and the,enforced acquiescence of the Lords," the IrisE Church < has been disestablished, and its property appropriated to secular uses—a.prece dent .which must, sooner or. later, be followed in resRpct of; the [E nglish Church, . holding out the prospect;.of a, ,complete, separation of Church and State throughout the dominions of Queen Victoria. During 1869 the way has been pre pared for establishing a-complej® system of national education Lin. England; Ireland, has diaippbintedrexpectation. The .passing of. the Irish^Churoh'BUl might under ordinary circum^ staiuwhavehad' a.beneficial influence, but the «pfic&tipn.; of jandldeflation has. aroused- a. tenant-right agitation, and the; Fenians have taken advantage of the, excitement to demand the release of the political convicts, and to foment popular discontent, in which Orange ' men and their leaders have assisted them. Pro bably /by the passing of an equitable Irish Land Bill during the coming year, the Imperial Governments and' Parliament will not only trump (the last Fenian card, but put an end once for all to the agrarian outrages whichhave arisen from the arbifcrary powers of the landed interest. But even now. the Government have no;B<>oner asserted their authority than sedition and outrage have subsided. We have witnessed during the year a.feeble revival of the cry for :protection under color,of a. movement for reci procity and, assisted "by the general stagnation of trade,4bat the great mass of the working classes ? repudiate the nostrum. The death of the Earl of. Derby has removed "j the last of the long serieB of Ministers who have repre sented the-'qnalities and the. defects of the English aristocracy,"and still further weakened "he—Conservative- party;—already broken to ieoet'by the result of the last general election/ The reoent agitation both at home";and in the domes with reference to the wool trade has re ilted" in plans-for reducing the warehousing iharges, which amount to a not inconsiderable ircentage~on the value of the wool. New rarehouses are to be opened in February at (illwall Docks, to consist of a ground floor udy, capable of showing upwards of 10,000 tales, and to lot all the wool offered for sale on ne day. The tedious journeys from one ware louse to another which buyers have now to sake may thus be avoided. There will also be , line of rails BurroundiBg tbe warehouses by rbich wools can be .delivered diroct into the railway trucks, and sent to their destination without incurring the detention and expense of cartage, &c.;, to which they are at present sub ject. •Wools intended for shipment can be loaded either into ships or lighter from- the landing quays. The result of these. arrange ments will, it is asserted, be a concentration of the business, and a greatly reduced tariff, of charges, equivalent" to 1 to 1 per cent, oirthe value of wools, averaging from £10 to £12 per bale. The biddings for. the South Australian 6 per cent. Government loan for £100,000. were opened on the 16th inst.- at the -National Bank of Aus tralasia. There were numerous tenders, amount |;ing in the aggregate to £611,500, and the fol lowing-tenders will receive allotment:—£5,000 at £109 10s. Id.; £10,000 at £109 Is.; £2,500 at £109 ; £5,000 at £108 lis. 6d.; £1,200 at £108 10s. 6d.; £2,500 at £108 10s.; £1,000 at £108 7s. 6<L ; £5,000 at £108 5s. 6d.; £67.800 at £108 3s, 6d. The last sum is part of one tender for the whole amount of £100,000. The paper con taining. the minimum, price fixed by.the Agent General was not opened. This operation appears to have been remarkably successsful, the average price offered being higher than was ever known before. The result showed that the credit of South .'Australia has not been impaired by ad verse- criticism,-and that -Mr. F. S. Dutton, your representative in England, has proved himself a skilful financial.agent. If the transac tion did not prove to be adverse to the I colony, there was no want of endeavor to make it so. A few days after the notices of the loan were issued, the following paragraph, evidently intended to injure its prospects,' ap peared in the city article of the Times:—" The various New Holland colonies are constantly crying out for more emigrants; butthe-doings of the Government of: South Australia can hardly be regarded as an encouragement to in tending settlers. Six years ago this colony in duced a number of capitalists to subscribe for 250,000 acres- of land in a settlement to be created by the Government in the Northern Territory. The formation of the settlement proved to be attended with difficulties, and in the course of about two years, the Legislative:] Council adopted a resolution that' in order to maintain the credit of South Australia, it was desirable to refund to the purchasers the money paid by them.' The House of Assembly refused to ratify this, and the partiesinterested remained without redress. Two years passed, and the same Ministry once more proposed that the money should be returned without interest, but the Legislature still refused. The_ sagacious Government,, its measure, being rejected, re solved'to have a new survey, and to insist upon the subscribers taking" such land as might eventually be allotted them ! Six years after the first bargain, it is thought that a double portion of land—for such aquantity js promised | —will compensate the duped capitalists for the lock-up of their money. When people make such contracts, it is on the nnderstanding that. they will be ratified at once, and not after the lapse of a space whioh may have altered their circumstances and intentions. The offer of a double quantity of land is, as the Times re marks, neither an exculpation hor ah apology." A few. days : subsequently, the following letter from Mr. Dutton, vindicating the policy of:.the South Australian Government, appeared in the Times money article:— " 37, Great George-street, Westminster, S.W., December-15,18,69. . "Sir—Your correspondent, cA Lover of Fair ■Play,' belies his signature in making unjust and j harsh,charges against the Government of South I Australia in complaining that he has not yet been put in possession of the land purchased in the Northern Territory. He must know full well the great and unforeseen difficulties which occurred in. carrying out the surveys; he' must also know that the Government, in order to compensate the land order .holders for this unavoidable delay, passed an Act granting to them double the quantity of land they originally purchased, and that the Sur veyor-General of the colony has been engaged . with a strong and efficient staff in completing those surveys since' the early part of this year. Full printed reports of what was being done have invariably bean furnished by me to ! every land order holder. I enclose a copy of the last circular issued to them, containing the very favorable report of the Surveyor-General of the progress made in the surveys in May of this year, and that he expected to complete the whole of the survey by the 1st of October, so that we may now very shortly expect that the purchasers will obtain their land. "To enter into the whole history of the Northern Territory question would far exceed you could s the space you could afford to give to it; nor j would it be of interest-to-tho general public. The question has been a most difficult one to deal with, and while sympathising with the natural disappointment the purchasers of must feel in the delay which has unavoidably taken place, I confidently-submit to your sense of justice that there is nothing in the proceedings of the Government 'which has fairly rendered | tbem deserving of the vehement attacks made upon them in your columns for a longtime past" " It is also noteworthy that these supposed wrongs never come to the surface except just at! the -period7 when I am engaged in a financial operation for the Government, clearly showing the- unfair and ungenerous wiimus which actuates the writers in endeavoring thereby to injure the financial credit of the colony, which the market value their bonds proves is held in high estimation by the investing public. ] "This vexed question of the Northern Terri tory is just one of those to which may be ap plied the principle laid down by -no less an authority than the Times itself, when it said (October 13,-1868), ' No statesman is entitled to indulge.in generosity to the public creditor at ijhe expensehf justice to the public taxpayer.', | When the Northern Territory Act was passed it was distinctly understood that the funds of the colony should never be saddled with the cost of tne new settlement; yet, notwithstanding this, the Parliament last session passed an Act to raise by loan a large sum of money on the credit <Jf the colony to complete the surveys, and place the purchasers in possession of the land, j "With regard to the allusion made to the Bank of South Australia, it is sufficient to hazard the remark that the Bank may be pre sumed to. be quite-able to take care of itself; and if they consider themselves aggrieved, there is nothing to prevent them taking measures to right themselves. i "I am, Sir, your obedient servant, "Fbancis S. Dutton, Agent-General." j In inserting this letter, the city editor of the Times offers some lengthened remarks. Mr. Dutton's reply,'it is declared, is not an exculpa tion, nor even an apology. Six years ago the colony induced'a number of capitalists to sub scribe for 250,000 acres of land in a settlement to be created by the Government in the Nor thern Territory. The formation of the settle^ ihent .proved to: be attended with difficulties, rind in the course of about two years the Legis-j lative Council-adopted a resolution that "in' order to maintain the credit of South Australia, it was desirable-to refund to the purchasers-the money paid by them." The House of Assembly refused to ratify-this, and the parties interested remained without redress. Alore than two years further elapsed, and the same Govern ment that had admitted their rights to have an iinmediate return of their cash then propose to the House that it should at least be returned without interest. Again the Legislature re fused to comply, and the Government, content still to. remain in office, even though the mea sures necessary " to-, maintain the credit of the colony" were thus thrown back upon them,. resolved that, instead of refunding the money, they would have a new survey, arid insist upon the subscribers taking such land as might ultimately: be. alloted to them. Thus the matter stands, and the agent of the colony, in the following communication appears ts think that he has satisfactorily disposed of it_ by notifying that six years after date there is "a prospect of their being furnished _ with a! double amount of land, in considera tion of the Government having four years ago failed to fulfil its _ acknow ledged duty of maintaining the credit of the colony. People who subscribe for lands do so in expectation of prompt action to meet the circumstances of the times, and not of having it foisted upon them six years afterwards when all those circumstances may have changed and inconvenience may have been experienced from the lock-up of their means. The writer adds,. as if it were a grievance, that those who call the attention of the public to this conduct of the colonial Government always .choose a .period when the-colony is a borrower on the London market ;, but if he will consult-any City firm he will be told that- that is precisely: the .time when the statement is pertinent' and' likely to be of use. Finally j he intimates that ,the ' course taken by the Government of the colony against the Bank of South Aus tralians an affair between that Bank and the Government, and,not for public comment. In this he-is entirely mistaken; it is in its public aspect that the importance of the matter lies. The Government of South Australia, represent-, ing a democratio community, resorted to most: questionable and indirect means to trace the authorship of a fair and legitimate criticism upon their proceedings in a London paper, and, being foiled in their, atnempt,,resorted to means of inflicting individual annoyance such as could not, without disgrace or damage, have been put in force by any Government in Europe. South Australia is a rising and important community, and it would be most unjust to its position to treat it as if its course in a case of this sort could have no interest for the world at large. On the whole a change for the better has taken place in" Ireland—no thanks to the Orangemen who insisted on having their de monstration at Derry on the anniversary of the opening of the gates, nor to the Duke of Aber coon, who has been putting them on the back, and making a most violent party speech at Belfast against the Government, chargin them with the. responsibility of all the recent out rages. It cannot be doubted that the Irish are alwoys the better for a film Government, as recent events testify.^ The general sense of insecurity, the election of the Fenian con vict O'Donovan, and possibly secret infor i mation induced the Cabinet early in the month to send considerable . rein forcements to Ireland. Lord Strathuairu the Commander-in-Chief, there, has formed them into flying columns, which scour the dis affected districts, and make their presence felt. Posts have been strengthened; police-stations made bullet-proof. Cork, the most Fenian ridden city, has got an additional supply of soldiers, and the principal officers of these ferces have been sworn in as Magistrates to ! enable them to act promptly The effect of these preparations has been very wholesome. The Fenians are completely cowed; their vile organs, fearful of a prosecution, cease to preach sedition; the loyal are encouraged, and confi dence is greatly restored. It is felt and seen that the Government are masters of the situation, and that resistance in amy but- strictly legal forms is hopeless. Even agrarian outrages have decreased, though there is proof enough of the savage barbarism that still obtains in Ireland. For example, the house of Mr. O'Connor, in I King's County, who is a Boman Catholic, and j neither a landlord nor an agent, wai attacked j by four meu to obtain guns. The ruffians dragged the unfortunate gentleman outside, and cut' off his nose. . Two of the ruffians have, happily been captured. Another case, though not so tragis, illustrates in a -more striking manner' the barbarity of the lower class of Irishmen. It was in connection with the death and burial of a baker named Carroll, who lived at Kilmollock, in Ireland. Gn the 5th of March, 1867, Carroll was siezed by the Fenian leader Dunne, who commanded the attack on the police barrack, and threatened him with death if he, did not askfoa itt surrender; while on the. other hand the police, when he went to the barrack, threatened to. shoot him if he did not rbtire from its precints. For two hours poor Carroll was a target for the police and the rebels. At the Special Commission held after wards, he deposed to these facts:—And ever since became an object of detestation to the inhabitants of Kilmallock and the adjoining country. No one would deal with him, he was called a traitor and a spy, and the result of this persecution so preyed on his mind as to throw him into a state of ill health, which terminated in his death last. week. This hatred followed the unfortunate man to the grave. His coffin had to he guarded by a body of " the Irish , Constabulary with loaded rifles, from , his residence to the graveyard, against a rabble hootiDg, shout ing, and using the most horrible imprecations and expressions of contempt for the remains of the deceased. His friends and relatives were afraid to attend the funeral; his wife and brother, with the clergy and.police, formed the procession at the burial. Ho "one would euen dig the grave, and the task Bad to be performed by .Carroll's, brother, who, 'frith the assistance of one or two of the constabulary, had also to throw in the-earth over-the-coffin after the burial service had been read. It is not only the Fenians and their sympathisers who are strong to make Ireland ungovernable. It is hardly a fortnight since the Duke of Abercorn, " Disraeli's Duke," denounced Mr. Gladstone's policy as having sown " those seeds of discord and those dragons' teeth which have sprung up in the guise of constant agrarian murders and openly disloyal parades, to the danger of all property, and and to increated assertion of aggressive | -bigotry." "His Grace had not a word to utter" in denunciation of Fenianism, no rebuke to ex press against " the aggressive bigotry" of Orangeism which was preparing to violate the law, nor an objection to make against a system of land tenure the most unlust in the civilised world. But all his influene as an influential nobleman and landed proprietor is thrown into the scale against the Government, and is used to foment at this juncture religious animosity and bitter discontent. Of course the Duke's friends and sympathisers took the cue. At a Dublin Orange meeting a Captain Madden told hi3 applauding friends that it was the duty of Orangemen to oppose the Government" in every way, and if he had had a vote for Tipperary he should have plumped for O'Donovan Rossa. A collision, he thought was imminent, but the Orangemen had nothing to fear from the Fenians, and must do nothing against them. Mr. Johnstone, M.P., asserted that it was no duty ■ of the Orange party to take part against the Fenians. " Let the Government fight its own battles. In the meantime, the Orangemen would hold their political pro cessions in spite both of the law and the Go vernment." A Dublin and a Monaghan lodge voted their cordial thanks "to the gallant gentlemen and Conservative electors of Tip perary, in standing aloof on the occasion of the recent election, and allowing the Fenians and other opponents of the Government to scout the Government candidate, and assert their right to return the mof their choice." Such is the spirit of faction in Ireland, where the fanatical Orangeman is a no less troublesome foe to the Government than the Fenian. It remains to be seen whether this lawless spirit ran be'laid by just and remedial legisla tion, and whether will faction will any more avail to prevent the passing of an eqiritable land measure than it sufficed to overthrow the Irish .Church Disestablishmet Bill. Parliament will meet oii-the 8 th of February, and the Cabinet have been busy during the past month in moulding their policy for the session. Their i meetings have been frequent, and, it is an nounced, with some show of authority, that the forthcoming Irish Land Bill of the Government will, with needful limitations and safeguards, give;the sanction of law to the Ulster Custom, which is little more than a claim allowed by good landlords, and ignored by bad, anc extend it over all Ireland. Mr. Gladstone adheres to his original plan, and subsequent consultation with, his colleagues appears to have confirmed his views. By making local usage tbe foundation of his measure, the question is narrowed to insular proportions, and ; by omitting to lay down any general principle, \- the land question in respect to England, which can well stand_ over for future consideration, will not be raised. That a Bill thus framed will be a substantial boon to the Irish occu pier is. manifest from the remarks of the Special Commissioner of the Times on the subject of the Ulster Custom. Its efficacy, however, will greatly depend upon the machinery devised to give it practical opera tion. But the Bill is evidently being framed | to pass, and to provide the quickest, if not the most comprehensive, remedy for the grievances under which the cultivators of the soil labor. It will not be easy for the Irish Tory landlords, many of whom have adopted the Ulster Custom, to offer to such a measure a; strenuous opposition. The-long delayed atrial of the Directors of Overend, .Gurney; & tCo,; (Limited), is at length over;It; commenced, on .Monday, December and closed on "Wednesday, the 22nd, before the" L'ord Chief ,'Justice at Guildhall, The" de-, fendants, Mr. J, 'H. Gurney- formerly M.P. for King's Lynn, Mr. H. E, Gurney, Mr. K, Bir beck' Mr. H. F. Barclay, Mr. H. G. Gordon, and-Mr. W.;Kennie, were indicted for having, on the 12th July, 1865, published a false pro spectu with intent to defraud tee shareholders. Dr. Kenealy was .the. principal barrister con cerned in the prosecution, and he seriously in jured his case by-violent and unsupported ac cusations. The;.:Solicitor=Genoral~"(Sir. J. D. Coleridge) eloquently- defended the' Messrs. Gurney and Mr."'Birkbeck; j and 1 Mr.; Mellish, Ejr J. Karslate, and Mr. Gifford appeared respectively for; Mr Barclay,. Mr. Gordon, and Mr. Eennie. It need ^hardly; he said that the weight of . oratory was on the side of the defendants'vcounsel^' and that the prosecution was ^seriously injured by in cluding in the--indictment_"the_.Directors who were put on after the issue of the "prospectus. Chief Justice Cockburn summed up strongly against the prosecution, and the Jury took only ten minutes to find the verdict of "Not guilty," which was received with peals of cheers in a crowded Court, again and again repeated; though when the defendants were committed for trial by the Lord Mayor, there were also loud cheers on the part of the auditors. Pro bably both the Judges' charge and the verdict of the Jury will Joccasion no little surprise in Australia, where the downfall of this great con cern spread ruin far and wide. But it seems to have given unqualified satisfaction in the City, partly owing to the lax maxims of com mercial morality that obtain, and partly to sympathy with the Directors who have lost them all,, and have had this prosecution so long hanging over their heads. Many of your readers will no doubt endorse the following remarks of '| a weekly paper.on the subjectHere was an old firm whose transactions were upon a fabu-, lous scale, tempted by greed of this world's gain to leave the legitimate line of its business, which,7 on the average, was safe and profitable, for other lines not so safe, but thought to promise a more rapid and larger .returns. The natural consequence overtakes the firm too hasty to be. rich, and a prospect' of' bankruptcy ensues. Then each one acts upon the maxim, Sauve qui peut. There is a speculative madness in the air. It is an epidemic which favors the trans ference of glittering but unsound concerns to other hands. But it can be done only by a con cealment of a part of the truth, and of that part, moreover, which it most interests eager pur purchasers to be made cognisant of. All else is fair and above board, probably with the earnest | wish of the old firm, and the Directors, of the new_ Company, that everything without- ex ception could be fair and above board. The crack in the vase - is concealed, simply because there may be those to whom the vase is to be transferred who, if they did but know that it had a crack in it, would look upon it instantly as of no value. It is hoped, of course, that the cracks will not extend—that the vase will seem as sound as ever, and that to all practical purposes, and especially for. those who are not in the secret of the crack, it will be as sound and serviceable as ever. Then comes unexpected pressure; then comes a sudden fracture; then comes exclamations of astonish ment ; then come the hitter reflections that ac company loss of character. And yet how many there are who still maintain that the over sanguine speculators were innocent of wrong, and were overtaken by misfortune, as men may occasionally be overtaken in a lawful journey by a desolating storm. . The great (Ecumenical Council was opened under-the dome of St Peter's, Rome, on tne morning of the 8th iust., the route of the pro cession, notwithstanding the wet weather, be ing occupied by daybreak by an immense con course, estimated.at about 20,000,. comprising every variety of the human "race within reach of Rome. At 9 o'clock,- amid the ringing of the bells of all the ecclesiastical edifices in the city and salvoes of artillery from the castle .of San Angelo and Mount Aventino, the procession, formed in the upper" atrium of the Vatican, descended the ScalaRegia, and passed through the" lower atrium into the cathedral. Regular and secular clergy were ranged on either side, and the procession consisted of six Archbishop Princes, forty-nine car dinals, eleven patriarchs, 680 archbishops and bishops, twenty-eight abbots, and twenty-nine generals of religious orders. Iu all about 800 ecclefiastics preoeded the Pope, who was carried into the Cathedral in the gestatorial chair. His Holiness first knelt some time before the' Sacrament, and the- assembly then took their | places in the Council Hall in seven rows. After mass had been chanted by Cardinai Patrizi, the Archbishop of Iconium pronounced the inau gural discourse. The Pope, who appeared to be in the enjoyment of excellent health, then gave - his benediction, and received the homage of the | members of the Council. The appointed prayers followed, and the Pope three times invoked the 1 aid of the Holy Ghost for the Council, a hymn to the Holy Ghost beieg sung by the choristers. Persons not members of the assembly then | quitted the hall. The prelates approved the decree opening the Council, and the Te Deum followed; the ceremony terminating at half past 2 in the afternoon. The tribunes of the Council Hall were occu pied by the Sovereigns and Princes present in Kome, the members of the Diplomatic Body, Generals Dumont and Kanzler, and the Roman and foreign nobility. The scene was not so grand as might have been expected. The special correspondent of the Times saysIn brilliancy, and in all that constitutes a fete or a show, it was far short of the Canonization of the I Japanese Martyrs. Of course it was. On this occasion the object of interest was in a Council Hall, out of the principal line of vision, and only half revealed: to the most fortunate of the spectators—those under the dome. The Council was an object of supreme in-; terest, but far from showy; for what is there in 700 old men, dressed in white and wearing tall paper caps. As these were laid aside on entering the church; and as all the; Bishops stopped at the Chapel of the'Sacrament, through which the Pope made his way'to the Council hall there was hardly any procession, and what there was of it could not be seen". There was no procession at the end;; only two streams of' departures, indicated by a succession of tall mitres, made with two sheets of cardboard. Certainly this is a— sight we do not see every - day, hut when there • is procession for everything, • why not for General Council ? _ The-_ day was mo3t1 unfavorable for seeing this spectacle in the Hall, being what they call here a fasting day —that is, a dull one. But what was seen was significant, and*therefore-impressive.- Seven hundred bishops, more or less, representing all j Christendom, were seen gathered round one altar, and one throne, partaking of the same Divine mystery, and rendering homage by turns' to the same, spiritual authority and power. As they'put on their'mitres, or took them off, and as they.came'to the steps of the altar,' or' the foot" of the common i Spiritual Father, it' was" impossible not to feel the unity and the power of the Church which they represented. The sight was im pressive to those prepared to be impressed, though it must have disappointed those who came to see a show, and would hardlj have satisfied the crowds who'flocked into Rome to see the tiiumph of their Sovereign. "What reached the ear could not but be "imperfect. There were long and tedious intervals of silence. The sermon was injudiciously long, they say ; and, of course, sound, and nothingelse, to the outer world. The Pope delivered his allocution with much, emphasis and gesture, but wa3 in terrupted by a cough, and probably did not say all - he ' had on paper. " He said nothing political," , so I am told, though I don't see how he. could avoid it. As to the singing, it was necessarily under difficulties. There could be no rehearsal or concord. The verses of the Vent Creator^ were sung at long intervals; but very impressive. The choir-was there in one place, and the responses, with the chief volume of sound, in- another Where I stood I could not make out whence either came. The Pope was to chant the Litany, aijd the people about me said he was chanting it; but the voice rung so loud, so char, and so musical, that I could not believe it to come from so old a man. The, truth is he chanted; three petitions made for the occasion, not the rest) but I suppose" he put the spirit into" the rest,-for nothing • could' be more Animated. -The Te Deum, chanted by the'choir"'and the Bishops alternately, the congregation joining, was mag nificent. Straige' as" it may seem to ^English Protestant,, ears, the. service was incessantly^ going on, at fall- the altars, in; the church ;lcon^ gregations were' assembled' at them, hells wererl ringing, and responses chanted,r and every now and then there,rwas -a'.prbcessipfi,: "wjtn'bell and candle, from onef part of- the church to another. In-:; the very midst -' of • the' sight seers, _ occupying everywhere the most com manding positions, from the slightest to the most dangerous elevations, priests .were [cele brating mass as if they, were alone in the vast solitudes of the old basilicas here. Imust add. that every ten minutes the word of command was given in no gentle voice, to some body of the soldiers, to clear an avenue, push hack a crowd, or make some new combination. . This they had sometimes to do in the face of strong remonstrances. Lower down, the nave I hear the thieves were plying their, trade, with con certed attempts at disorder. On the following day, the 9th,'Jthe" Council again assembled, when the Pope read a "short homily, in which he said it had'given him great pleasure to inaugurate the Council on the ap pointed day, and to see the Bishops assembled at Home in greater numbers, than ever. They had come.to teach all men the voice - of. God,: and to judge with the Pope, Under the>uspioes' of the Holy Spirit, on the errors of human science; Never was it more necessary.than in the I present day, since conspiracy and impiety were ' wide-spread" and strongly organized, and hide themselves under the piask of .aspirations for liberty. There was no cause "for alarm. The Church was stronger" than Heaven itself, and now was the time to "consider what remedies :Were efficacious; against the present eyils.; - Fhe- I Bishops, should strive with him to secure peace-J fulness in the monasteries, order in.the Church, and discipline'among the clergy.1 In concluf sion, he invoked the.Holy Spirit, the(Virgin/" and the Holy angels. Since then the Council" has held, three secret sittings about whichfthere has''been an infinitude 'of gossip, but nothing authentic will be disclosed till the Feastof the Epiphany (January 6), when .will be voted and promulgated . the'-decrees- drawn- up at -the private sittingsr -Day. by' "day, ' however, our daily, papera contain; letters- from ' fiieir Koman correspondents, filled with rumors^ and scraps of information, a few points' of which I will endeavor to ■ condense into ,a paragraph. The five Cardinal Legates named" in the Ball are Cardinals- de . Eeisaoh, ,de Luqa, JBizzori, | Bilio, and' Capalti—the.firstfnamed, as well as t-vo Episcopal members of the Council, having since died; The -Bull appoints also four .Con gregations" or Commissions, to be composed of a fixed number of the Fathersof the Council. J The first Commission will ' take charge 6f questions of'dogma,the-'second of "those" of discipline; the third of the subject'of tbeil regular and. religious orders; and-the', fourth of Oriental rites. The roles of the Council'vir tually prohibit free discussionr. No one may questionfthe regulations laid down, which are framed so as to give the right of.the initiative to Pius IX. and his Jesuit advisers; no one can introduce a subjectVfor , consideration. | without the " Pope's authority. There are also between 200 ,and! 300 "bishops in.pcLrti-.. bus—that is, prelates -'who: havo! no Sees, who enjoy the full privileges of the Fathers, reside at Home,'and are absolutely dependent .oil the-i Prefect of the PropagandasThey are in rfact the squad, or voting-machines of-the Vatican. The first of the Commissioners referred, to;-com prise for the most part obscure prelates, ex cept Archbishop Manning (who seems , to be regarded as the probable i successor . I of 'Ktts. .IX.,). and excludes all _'. the' well known opponents of Papal absolution,. such as Cardinal Schwartzenburg, the Archbishop _ of I Paris, the Bishop of', Orleans, and-two Irish Bishops. -It is stated that on the> election of the Committee on matters of Faith most of the successful candidates had.' 500' votes,-• and only one as - low; as 390. 1" The", highest number of votes was given to. the! j Bishop of Saragossa, an out-ahd- out' "Ultramon tane. At the meeting of the " general congre gation" on Tuesday last'the members of the Commission to examine the questions connected' with -religious orders were appointed;' -The dis-; cussion of-'drafts of canon lawrelative io mat-h] ters of faith afterwards commenced. •. ' These proposed measures, the- telegram says, contain no - mention ;of the- question 'of .the. Pope's personal infallibility ; but they utter a. formal condemnation of unorthodox doctrine, and of independent philosophy and morals. The Infallibility question is kept in the back-' ground for the present, though it could easily be carried if formally submitted. But there is a minority of at least 120, comprising the most distinguished prelates, opposed to it,' and the French Government isunderstood to have warned the Vatican against its adoption." Meanwhile a great deal of intriguing and lobbying is said to be going on. " Parties are formed who meet at their several rendezvous, and Bishop Du panloup is recognised as the boldest and ablest leader of the opposition. Tbe Fathers of the Council have also nominated a~ Committee outside the Council, to hear'and discuss the opinions of Monsigneurs Dupanloup and Maret, while another Committee weighs.the [opinions of Dr. Maiming and Monsigneur.-Deschamps, in order to see whether, oni consultation, some agreement, may not ; be established between the advocates and - the _ oppo nents bf the dogma . of infallibility^; The Vatican and its - advisers, -have .shown" their absolutist tendencies, not only in the; rules for regulating . the . Council, but by .. the. publication .of a number of Bulls.'. One of these provides that in case the Pontificial chair: might become vacant during the sitting ofTthe (Ecumenical Council, the Council "should only reassemble at the pleasure of' the new Pontiff. Another Bull has fallen like a ;bomh upon; the Council, more especially - as. it" was' simultaneously published in' exteit&o; by the • Jesuit organ at Turin, and was placed In the hands of the Fathers as, a complete, yaM, and irrevocable instrument. ' The only apparent feature of novelty about the document is that the_Pope .carefully and kindly distinguishes^ between -the cases in which he. can revoke a sentence of excommunication, and' those; -in which even he, great as ,ho is, can-; not pretend to that power, and' would not venture to claim it. Generally- speaking, all the acts mostprominent in Italian legislation, such as the dissolution of monasteries, the mar riage of priests and nuns—indeed, whatever being once done cannot "be (easily undone—are classed in the former terrible category, One clause in the Bull seems specially suggested by ■ some recent occurrences. Absolution given by , a bishop in supposed articuld mortis is to hold l good in. Heaven if the patient ;dies, but'not if he recovers. In that case a healthy, confession and restitution is to be inade before excommunica tion can be removed. Another clause in . this Bull, an old one; cites and leaves unmitigated an excommunication on everybody who. affects to appeal from the Pope to a Council. " Pius. IX.," says the Times, "has looked into.all the Bull's or ' Constitutions' of - his predecessors during the lapse of - many centuries, .and has compiled his long list of censures upon those obsolete edicts, without the least allowance for the stubborn facts with which our 'modern progress confronts him. . All his old, rusty; Vatican artillery, is rolled out of the arsenal in:j which it had long lain forgotten; It [is] drawn' up, loaded, and primed with a faith worthy of Don Quixote, when, afterjhaving shivered" his helmet of proof by a single blow of his falchion, he cobbled it up with pasteboard, " somehow trusting it would Btand any other test,.but, at all events; determined not to exempt Provi dence by himself renewing the experiment.. The Pope has so. diligently enumerated the/| cases -in' . which, the -direct censures of , the Church are called forth, that there is by this time not one Sovereign; or subject throughout the Roman. Catholic world—always excepting;the Pontifical domi nions—who is not excommunicated over head and ears. The Pope alone, for instance, can remove the curse which is laid on any one who' | shall interfere with ecclesiastical jurisdiction, and summon or bring a priest before a lay tri-. bunal; vet neither in France nor in Belgian!, nor, lately, in Italy, Austria, or Spain, is there any longer the slightest vestige left of eocleeiaS' tical Courts, nor can the benefit of'clugyany M longer be pleaded before the civil-law.". f ; In.his last.letter from Borne/ the speaa^cor respondent of th e ' Times."say's,; in' reference" to~ this Bull J—" I have told you jrhat'the faith ful say of its how"they.feel"relieved; what a load .is . offi^heir-conscience,. or,: "duced to a" portable. .Aompi«;""!wtJ'tt«re are; .deep andfstrong^utterances ,, -another sdrt. 'Why this is"the.;Middle' again. The reign ' of "Boniface V1IL, from' which we thought Gregory XIV, had. delivered us.' |Even Catholics say,. 'We had:-."' forgottep'all this, or only knew 'it''ajlf' It is cbtnplai riedthat the Iower'tiid^tmedttWW^'-; sort, who, had. never heard of .this* eid-^ifiojsi'' ; municatio'n, will receive all this ^n'e#-'niaitwi and conclude ih d friendly^ 'w fUMrltfcdty spirit, that the Pope'is; ;lAeakln|(:o<Wfui the world, and that 'aV 3ay!:-«"»fehSSlBfwr is coming. The Pope " himself?' Ahtonelli, are-said to describether;®ilir-as simply a concession to every complaint by tender-minded peoplehut it -ifohld-have been at least an equal proof of kindness if- Various other parties concerned couldharebCtohSohkultai or warned, or-even honored with-.an—early intimation.":: The .{ Fathers ;of"//the -oil knew nothing of it- till 'ft • wii put into their hands: ' The theologians'/lttendant on the Council were never-told of dt. None of the Diplomatic'Body;in Borne fae&rdnf; it;till they saw it in the Turin-papers.' It caaaelike an explosion on the French and Austrian bassadors. - They have not even hadcopies sent': ..to them*,. There are copies en ough ontlw'cffiureh' walls, but they are wet"with 4;he driving sho^firr^'7 and even that affixed to, St. Peter's l^be^^il'-1''" fully defaced and torn: It is eriieh'tvwry great osre has Been taken^hatitshould.bpan absolute secret till the very hour of itsphbliCation overall Europe, I musttellyouthat, wffle aU thedocu-; . ments '6f therGouhcitare kept its dark ttfpdMibI&c; there at Borne, .they. are;sent as fast as tkey are . printed for publication to the-Pope's' dttane at 'Turin and in our own country. Tne-Archbishop of Vienna,1 th'ey'^ayia'iii extreme 'disgust at':"' the sudden appearand of the -Bull,^and the consequent aggravation'Of his own difficulties with-his people at home. Be^wai ffiost con- j servative,- they say, butumtiBomqw.-^r 3 rp ti'j. 