^-^-^W^'A^DR:V^LAGES OM NEWT S '. SOUTH WALKS. CL ri .; ¡ ,,? ./^.SUBURBS. - - - In my Inst lotter I informed, your readers that-tl faaveUer . hy road. from Newcastle .would obtain fine viow-df^e two Maitlands, so soon os ho arrive at tho! top of , 'the lost hill, proviouB to, cntorin East Maitmhd./'. It will not take him long to-dil cover that thoso who study thoir health: havo_ ros donees', '.about this toi^nship-about ita _' high© points-trand^that thosowJio profor Bleeping not " r ueir.. places, of business, in Wost Ma^thmd loi r; it. would'improvo their blood' and mako thoi strong and halo-viz., tho sea broezo from tho" po: of Newcastle." If tho inhabitants-tho honost ar £ ' - industrious people of these townships-db not ava t l; themselves of such purifying breezes, tho dishone *? . '?- portion have . the bonofit of thom, os cnn bo aeon o ( i. x tho rightof you, whoro a woll-guardod gaol, withi' .watoh-towers on tho top of high walls surroundc by "a fence, Btands out very prominontl; Most of our gaols aro built upon ominoncos, prol ably (tho most healthy portions of tho districts i ?which they aro situated, to koop tho prisonoi healthy ; and, on a visit I mada somo timo since t Darlinghurst Gaol, in company with a gontloma connected with the Edinburgh press, upon ra ,. ... remarking that "although tho priBonors were nc ovor-fpd, thoy. soomod to possess ovorythin, but , tooth-brushes, and perfumery," I wu informod that it was much cheaper t ' . keep thom in honlth, by propor . nutrimorj ' and baths, than by othor troatmont which migh breed fovors." And I havo no doubt such is a corroe view of tho matter, although I should like somo goo cooks from our gaols to tako a journoy with m through tho colony and teach somo of our hotol keepers how to cook our dinners, so that tho nutri . ? mont would bo in tho moat, to bo oaten up by m instead of hoing wasted in tho oven, tho abominabl and everlasting frying-pan, or (if boiled) throwi away ns usoloss wator. Oh I that tho shadow of th renowned Soyer would haunt ovory country cool .until they loft off spoiling our woll-fod moat. A well-built court-house, with its vnrious offices suitable for tho nttondnneo of our judges and unite '?? -at ' tho courts of gonoral sessions, tho distric court, or tho paid und unpaid magistracy, is in fron of tho gaol. A little furthor to tho right, cm th Morpoth-road, stands a fino lofty building, buil evidently when monoywas "easy, its numerous an well-formed balconies, throo floors high, its prominon position, catching ovory " galo" wafted from tho se on ono sido, and commanding tho finest viow of th wholo district for miloB on tho othor, with a well stooked gardon and orchard in front and about it, ala woll-arrangod stables and othor out-otlicos, exhibit ing rare taste for tho boautiful in tho spiritod an kind-henrted owner, Mr. Enoch Coboroft. A School of Arts, or " Mechanics Instituto" (Di Badham says such institutions should bo styled th former, but tho Prosidont of tho Council of Educatio; prefers tho lattor namo) togothor with ronding nn othor rooms, form rt focus for many o : tho young mon of tho district. Tho churches ur well roprosontcd. Tho Church of Englund, liko th Roman Catholic, stands " high and dry"-lilt Mount Zion's-having cOmfortablo-looking parson ages attached. Tho modest-looking chapel of th Wosloynna is lower down tho town and still lowo down, on a Hut-covered in flood limos-is tb unadorned Presbyterian Church, Intoly under lb pastornto of ono whoso worldly possessions remind ma of tho following linos by Eliza Cook : " Tako no heed of to-morrow," is ovor tho text, Tor Hie car of tho mourner, whoso " spirit ls vexed ;" But our Hus will bo often wearing à smile. If wo mark what the priest ls about tho while. Ho ls gathering up a worldly stora ; Though holding enough, ho ls longing for moro ; And you'll find him, ucsplto his text profound. Atong with tho crowd, on Tom Tidier'« ground Looking for gold and silver. And although to mo it is an enigma, how a Chrialiar minister can become rich, lot us hopo that tho lilli pastor will know how to uso tho abundance givon t< him, romomboring tho sermon ho BO ably proachoc from tho text : " It is ensior for ii carnal to pase through tho oyo of a needle, than for a rich man tc enter tho kingdom of heaven," The Squatters' Bank of Australasia is a fino orcetior and an omamont to tho town ; it is situated nt thc corner of tho two principal streets, and doubtless hm done a largo business. Its transactions of lato Boom to havo boon of less importance from tho fuct, thal somo two months sinco it closed its doors and trans- ferred its ledgers to tho now and ornamental building recently erected in "West Maitland ; but sinco thor thoy havo hoon returned, and tho doors onco more oponed for business, in consequonco of a branch ol the Now South "Wales Bank having heon oponod. So much for competition! I nm informed that, owing to tho formor bank closing thoir establishment in sc summary n mnnnor, their old customers have transforrod thoir accounts to tho lattor bank. Sovcral stores, occupiod by good businoss mon, aro in différent pnrts of tho town, ono ospociully, a woll built brick building of four fiats (as tho Scotch say), eroctod in cosy times hy Mr. Enoch Cobcroft, but now lot nt a rental harely paying ono and a half por cont, on tho cost ! This building, with its storo nnd stabling in tho rear, stands nt Iho corners of tho main road and tho second prominent street, nnd would bo ?woll worthy of a. row of first-class kouscs botweon it and tho Bank of Australasia, so soon as tho well known and rich prolato of tho Church of England, and mortgagco of tho miscrablo dwellings now standing botweon such iino buildings and that fino pieco of vncnnt ground opposito tho sito of tho storos whero fortunes wero mudo by tho woll known Mr. Ogg nnd others, chooses to sell out. Its numerous comfortablo-looking privato residences donólo tho easy circumstances of tho occupants, amongst whom aro Indy squat- ters, with good paying Btntions, hut which aro not loft to Biipors. nnd ovorscors ontiroly, for I moot lhoso Indy squnttors nt cortuin times ench year going to their stations-doubtless to audit tho accounts, »nd cast thoir piorcing oyos over everything, ns only tho ladies cnn do. But whilo I seo gentlemen squatters in tho Gazette, and assigning thoir squnltngcs to banks nnd others, I novor rcmombor n Indy equntlor doing so. In Now England, n squattago has actually boon transferred by n hnnk from a husband to his wifo, to munngo for such institution ! Othor houses aro occupied by ofllcinl porsonncos, ono by tho Into P.M. (E. D. Dny, Esq.) who, after a long and activo sorvico, hus retired upon his ponsion, which I ¡trust is not dopondnnt upon tho Superannuation l'undj now undor dis- cussion. I nm of opinion that our civil servants would bo moro enroful fund of courso far loss snobbish) if thoy know they had to próvido for thomsol'vos nnd families upon thoir rotiromont from thoir official Btools. Tho quiet, yet business-liko Registrar, Mr. A. Carter, and tho nblo C.P.S., Mr. Smithers, resido not far from those acuto lawyers, tho Messrs. Chambers and O'Monghor, tho formor tho well-known mid gentlemanly crown prosecutor. A mill, now Bilont, owing to tho "rail" bringing Sydnoy within n fow hours to tho district, tolls its tulo of tho uhonpening nnd oqunlizing properties of that civilizor. Thcro nresovo riil hotels mid inns, woll kept, nnd well-known for tho civility of their landlords und owners, ono being a widow, who is euro of pntronugo-nnd woll worthy of it is sho ; nnothcr, who although now not in good health is well known and highly appreciated for tho active part ho has tnkon ns n volunteer, us well ns tho opon and manly position ho hold when an ignorant mob throntonodtho President of tho Council of Educa- tion, and sinco, when tho sumo clnss paid tho penalty for thoir tonueity in pulling down tho ling of our land of freedom-tho glorious Union ,Tnck V May ho and tho O'Mcugliers long livo to protect tho same, nnd muy thoro ul ways bo a " Donny Day " to oni'orco tho law nguinst such ignoranco ! At ono of tho inns a sad disaster lately occurred, by which tho wifo nnd child of its quiot mill rospccluhlo owner lost their lives-I allude to tho ignition of a cask of spirits, and tho blowing up of pin t of their promises, from tho imprudence of taking a lighted candió into tho collar, tho particulars of which appeared in tho daily press. Perhaps if I inform tho reader that in tho wino vaults of tho bondod wnrohotisos in London, tho mon employed and tho visitors uro nllowod ii light in passing through mid about tho vaults ; hut not so in tho vaults containing spirits, whero lumps, enclosed within glasses, aro swung from tho arched roofs, but not allowed to ho oponod. It will bo romera bored us n caution to tho liconscd victuallers of tho colony, mid may tend to suvo other V.ilunhlo lives from such n fearful calamity. 'This municipality is governed hy ii mnyor and councillors, assisted hy un nblo town clark. Tho strcots uro wido und well tutula, hut, liko all small municipalities, squabbles ariso ut thoir usiuil mcot lngs nboutBomo work-costing, al times; only ti fow shillings-having hoon dono noaror to tho residonco of ono mighty councillor than another, A short . time since 1 saw ti horno sunk up tç> his hips in a j mudhole in- tho-Tjrfacipal-Btroot^nnci'fonndXlt" i to lie ^attended .to" hy ono' of these councillors nldormon);'nnd hud hoôn flllod up with soft earth -mud-ono-of-his countrymen-remarking to me " t jt.qnly wanted n fow stones on tho top to make rflrmll.'.; T/He misfortune of thd'.bsjkor who drovo hbrsp into tho hqló, I holiovo,' saved my horse fr \- hoing-tho victim, 'and I hopo in' futuro such ht "will- not bo.lefttoi the (judgment of those v heliuTB thnt soft mud (will moko n good road, howo> it may act as a decoy,to damage good horses. 1 mayor (jtho.worthy rqprosontativo' of tho distri rosidos just outside tho "municipality on an deva -spofr-surrounded;by tho most-prolific grounds t gardons, nearly flanked by Hint fine stroam Huntor, nnd from whore- during flood tirrioB, last week-his kind heart would bo pained, sobing Tho wild streams leap with, headlong sween In tliclr curtness conreo /rom tho mountain steep ; AU ireslranil strong, thor foam along : "Waking tho rodes with their cataract song, and oarrrying destruction to ovory Bottler thoy vii At othor times his viow of miles of "golden gfai and othor produce growing, while hundreds of a tiers aro at thoir various occupations, cattle a othor live stock preparing themBolves for mark rho busy traveller, merchants, tradesmen, and carte going to and fro by tho rail and tho road, muat ahappy and pleasant reflection for him, as I am si that to know hisnoighbourswerodoing well would East Maitland is bounded by tho Hunter Bi' and Wallis Crook, as far as tho Victoria Bridi The oxporimont of " flood-gntos," to savo a porti of West Maitland from tho effects of a " fresh tho Huntor," lins boon thoroughly tested, a although thoir formation was of a mnssivo charact they havo not proved strong enough ! I rcfor t roador to tho daily and local press for full partiouli of tho disastrous flood of lost wook, by which t houses of tho settlers on tho Huntor have be mndo doaolato, somo of tho benefits of tho last t sousons washed away, and many landlords a tradesmen compelled, os at overy flood, to transfer tho "bnd debt" account, tho amounts standing to tho debit of tho unfortunate farmers. Sun something could ho dono to losson tho IOSBOS by tin periodical visitations of what must bo considered t natural laws of tho district, and I trust tho pen somo of your scientific writers will boabloto indict tho proper moans. The losses aro so grent that 11 certain it would ropay tho owners of lands borrow funds to cut a canal-if thnt is tho rig thing to bo dono-and chargo tho interest and pi vido a sinking fund in tho simpo of an increas rontal, the ground is BO prolific; but aromody shot bo found, becauso it is disheartening to tho tennnti nnd disgraceful to tho colony, that a Ano distr liko tho valley of tho Huntor should pauperise t settlors about ovory two or throe years. East Maitland contains about eighteen hundr souls, who must bo poaceablo, from tho fact that intelligent sorgcuntand somo three constables aro sui ciont to koop all turbulent spirits in check. It has i obliging postmaster, who has hud tho tolcgrapl department lately added to his othor duties. The is n goods shed and railway station, giving plenty employment to its civil and nttontivo suporintondoi and omnibuses oro running throughout tho day and from West Mtiitlnnd. And InBt, though not t least, il has tho invalunblo Publio School- allhouf I am sorry to say a fow scholars havo loft late] owing to tho advanco in tho charges. If tho Pub] School is to bo a pormanont good, the chargo mi bo tho lowest and tho instruction tho highest ni best ; thon tho cost to tho colony will bo nolhin bacauBO our gaols will bo less occupied, and wo shi have an intelligent, prosperous, and happy peopl Such is East Maitland, tho healthiest Bpot for mar milos in tho Huntor liivcr district. WEST MAITLAND is a largo and, at times, flourishing township. I principal Btroet is tho main Novthern-rond, tho ra: way crossing it at nearly tho middle of tho townshi It is situated on a low flat, but very fortilo conntr only flt for pastoral and agricultural occupation nor would its activo and intelligent business mi over havo known tho inconvenience of a flood thoir woll-stockcd stores if tho late Mr. Close good and kind-hoartod though ho was-had proporl studied his own intorost, becauso (au I informe your renders in a for-mer lottor) Morpeth and Eu Maitland would then havo bcon tho grent depots i business men, instead of this flooded district. A stranger visiting this district should stand o ono of tho many clovateiu spots of East Maitlan' screw his binocular to tho proper focus, and tl viow of West Maitland will both surpriso and plcni him (excepting only during n flood ; then tl misery and ruin for milos will appal him). As far i ho can seo distinctly, ho will discover woll-built bric rosidoncOB, many of them being dosignod by mon i taste, and this particularly refers to tho nortl western pnrt of tho town. ChurchoB ai chapols, of vnrious sizes and designs, store of dimonsions suitnblo for Sydnoy merchants, proi porous-looking banks, mills Bonding forth smoko an steam, and a long lino of shops (or stores), convincin tho moat superficial observer that West Maitland : a busy and important district, and should nover hav boon raised on land so low. It is govornod by i municipality of mayor and aldormcn, who fror thoir diBeussiona which appear in tho press, do nc approvo of high salaries, oven if thoy got mon nbov tho common o very-day tnlont of tho stool or countei In tho numerous short strcots, running right an loft of tho main stroot, tho roads aro well mndo, an a geod rido or drive is obtainable (when tho Govern mont roads aro sound) from tho Hinton punt n Morpoth, ,to tho hospital in West Maitland, som fivo milos ; but ns our engineers oro so fond o running their lines parallol to our common roads walch your horso if ho has any Bpirit in him, or thi " pleasant drive" or rido may bo your last 1 ' Tho Church ol* England is well roprosontcd by throe clergymen who aro much liked-ono especially tho kind-hearted namcsako of tho humourist nnd reformer of tho snobbory of tho middlc-clas society (I am not euro ho is not lu's nophow)-I meni that lively wit, tho author of tho " Thrco Goorgcs,' tho lato Mr. Thackeray. Tho Eov. J. Ii. Thackora^ is ulways to bo found whon a good work is to bi undortnkon, whether it bo a flood roliof commiltco o: to raiso funds for afflicted humanity in tho hospital to miso tho moral tono nnd social standing of thi district, by building or othor societies, or a caso o; prívalo distress, or ovon n bnnk dork who may have been wrongly accused of thoft ; and amongst the sick and dying thoro is suro to bo found tho well known figuro, and to be henrd tho kindly voico, oi this activo minister of tho Church of England, Anotherbodyof Christinns -tho Congregationalists have, in thoir well- known, bonovolcnt, and talented minister, tho líov. K. T. Hills, n valuablo mnn, whe should bo botter supported by his chiefs in Sydnoy than ho is. Ho is a Christian and a scholar, ano would not disgraco tho pulpit of tho Hov. Mr, Henderson ; anet did I bolong to that denomination, I should feel disgraced upon learning tho common labourer's pay ho is obliged lo subsist on. Ho hopes to reçoive his rowarel in another and a botter world, I trust ho will recoivo it thoro ; but I must say that ho iscntitlcd lo somo of tho comforts of Una world foi his noblo exertions in tho causo of tho human family, and should liko to find him in possession of thom. Tho WcsloynnB havo a lino chapel, and nro supported by many of tho wealthy tnidcsmon of tho district ; thoy nro a largo and rcspoctod body. Tho l'rosby torinns nro woll roprcsontod, anil nro hero, ns ovorywhoro olso, an intolligont and influential clnss. Thoir ministers aro proporly paid, thoir church government hoing, liko tho Wcsloyan bodv, moro of a Chrislinn domocracy than any othor class. Tho Primitivo Methodists, tho Baptists, nnd tho Christian Isrnolitcs havo ench thoir mooting-housos ; and tho largo body of Roman Catholics havo thoir well built chapels mid schools, under tho guidunco of their Bishop nnd thrco or four priests. So that your rendors will bo unelor no apprehension ns to tho pioty of this dis- trict, if tho listoncrs will only follow tho instruc- tions of tho pulpit, not always tho oxnmplo of tho preachers, for nil of IIB (who can think) know, Unit howovor wo may differ ns to tho road " Thoro ls a llglillionso for tho soul, That beacons to a stormless homo : lt safely guille» through roughest tides It ahinca, lt saves I Thy kingdom como 1" The hospital is a valuable institution, situated on a lofty nnd prominent spot, overlooking a. grout portion of tho distriat, nour tho north-western end of Muitlnnd, nnd on tho main Northern-road. Thoro I hoing no similar institution nearer than Singleton ono wny, nnd Nowcnstlo tho othor, and tho surrounding districts being vory populous, this hoBpitnl is in very groat request. Tho medical, tittendnnco is good, tho placo is kopt in good ordor, nnd its vorandnhs nro invaluable to tho palionts. Tho committee aro activo und /onions mon, not tho lotiBt amongst thom being tho oidor Mr. Oorrick, who ia ovor on tho alert to benefit tho institution, and I invito tho render-boho Jow or G entilo-whenovor ho visits West Maitland, to dig deeply into his pockets and "glvcra'portiön of "Ks subatanca tcvthis' iHen&bs;ï*ïîist: tution ho ¡can find for miles. Q ç , .']'(' Thoro are several'Donominatlonal scheoÜ in Wei Maitland, but I am at a loss to know why th working-classes havo not appliod fortlio best of a schools in -this colony-tho Public School; an feeling assured of Üio publio spirit bcatingjindnr til waistcoats of scores of Maitland's best men, I no ask thom to assist tho working-classes in prqeurin such a school, with an able master, and not to min tho opposition of a few ministers of religion. They wi have tho approval and support of the most intelliger portion, those to whom ignorance is no bliss, and tl: rising generation will bless their names, nnd rcmom ber thom, as thoir best and most generous bene factors. Thoro aro sovoral private schools, well attendee amongst which is tho Edinburgh High School, nu ono under the direction of some ladies, nuns bf lb Roman Catholic Church. . A School of Arts, with n valuablo librar and tho daily and other press of tho colon and our mother country, whore a good de bating class, amongst othors, serves to Irai its mombors to reflect, arid fearlessly to utter th truths of history, however disagreeable such ma bo to tho ignorant. A theatre (tho Olympic) i occasionally occupied by a few ominont actors an singers, or when tho sorvicos of the clover nmntoui of Wost Maitland aro required in tho cause < charity, tho bund of its woll-organi/.ed volunteer always hoing ready to aid that sacred causo, oithc with or (when not necessary) without tho con sent of their generous and woll-ordorod ofliceri Tho post and telegraph offices seem Binn' and very dark for tho largo business nocet snrily passing through thom ; but such mu bo accounted for in tho fact, that tho principals c each department combino, with their obliging man nora, activity, and intelligence, no dosire t incrcuso tho ".estimates of tho Works Depnrtmonl Tho Court-houso is a disgrace to tho diatrict, and i tho Government wiU not build a botter one, I shoul adviso tho inhabitants to raise a fund to purchaso pioco of land and convoy it to tho Government, upo tho condition that a handsomo erection, liko th Singleton Court-houso, bo raised ; although I con sider ita disgrace to the governing powers, and t tho colony, to have accepted tho land at Singletoi purclinsod as it was by publio subscription. Wost Maitland possesses a good market for caltl and shoop, and why not a general markot, I kno1 not ! If it had » produce mnrkot, opon twico c thrice a week, whero Sydney and Melbourne speen lators and doalers could bo suro of mooting wit supplies, they would visit tho district often, payin; cash for their purchases, and save, frequently, th sottlors from dopending upon their uncertain return from agents in Sydnoy. Indeed, thoy might ofte obtain a higher pric'o in Maitland, from tho fact thc largo buyors could got their produco to Sydney c Mclbourno chonpor than tho settlers now do ; bocaus if, nuder tho ridiculous monopoly-liko arrangemen made by the two steamboat companios-an arrange mont by which tho.intorosts of tho small shippers nr sacrificed to th'o largor ones-tho largo buyer visit inp; tho Maitland mnrkot could not send his freigh upon tho samo terms as tho regular shippers, h could and would omploy other coasting vosçols, an help to spoil tho prcsont rosy game of tho two com panics, now so much complained of by our up country storokoepors. Thoro is a fine site for market in East Maitland, between tho lano lcadini to tho Prosbytorinn Church and tho vacant spac opposito tho post-oftice. Tho long list of attomoys and solicitors in Wos Maitland would almost frighton a stranger fror over thinking of residing there ; ho might imagin tho rcsidonts to ho a very litigious pooplo. T3u lawyors aro liko storekeepers, there aro too many o them in all parts of tho colony, and whero thoy ar j so numerous-extravagant as thoir charges aro-al of thom cannot got a living; indeed, ono ominen ' legal gentleman in Sydnoy told mo n short tim sinco, " that many solicitors woro literally stnrvinj upon their wretched incomes." Tho woll-knowi Slr. Mullen, tho ominont solicitor of Weat Maitland hns been tho medium of introduction to Iiis oppo ncnts-nearly nil on tho roll thoro having passel through his oflico, oithor as articled or mnnngini dorks, and thoir ability- dovolopcd under his tuitioi -ndded to tho many friends thoy mndo during sucl J time-has very naturally and properly divided hi onco very largo connection. May tho distric flourish, and its industrious pooplo havo little to di with lawyors, oxcepting only in tho convoynncinj department ! Two building sociolics oro said to flourish in thii town, but, although thoy aro faithfully worked, thoj bolongtowhat is known ns tho Lomhnrdinn (orpawn brokers') schomo, far moro beneficial to tho ínvestinf momher than to tho borrowing one. I boliovi both havo active and zealous officers, and mucl credit is duo to tho secretory of tho first cstabliBhee society for tho ability with which ho worked Un sarrio, nnd tho simple, but truthful stylo of his book keoping. In a largo district liko this, tho "per mnncnt" schomo would havo been much tho best o the two ; but now that Uio Starr-Bowkott socictic nro doing so woll, I would recommond tho workini classes to join such wherover thoy nro started. j A rncocourso named niter ono of its formo: j residents is goncrally twico n year tho secno o much enjoyment to thoeo who think they belong ti tho sporting world. I havo often trrvelled ovor thi ground nnd mountod tho grand stand, but I novel henrd any very heavy bets mndo ; I think crowns o: half-crowns havo generally been tho " odds" upoi ' each event, in addition to a few sweepstakes, nover henrd of any ono finishing tho day nnd them 1 solves with strychnine, or tho best Dartford gun powder. No; tho-residents of this district seem ti I go out on such days to enjoy themselves, nnd if i fow will imbibo " fighting whisky," wo must rcs ! content, for Buch is dono all over tho " civilized' world. j West Mnitland bonBts of soveral tobacco mnnu factories, whoso roputation extends hundreds o ! miles ; also ono or two cabinet-makers doing a largi I business, soveral coacli-builders, ono bolonging t< ! tho enterprising Mr. Tuck, who has for years pns ! lighted Maitland with gus, and is now trying to solví tho question-" Cannot good alo bo mada in tho coo 1 and delightful climate of Now England-Armidolof' . I wish him aucccss. A practicol confectioner is nls< thero, who, liko his follow-trndosmon in Sydnoy, ii J badly treated by a etvipid law which levies a duty or . raw sugar, but nllows tho manufactured nrticlo, thi ¡ lozongo or lolly, to poss withont duty ! I speak, o: ! course, without roforonco to tho nd valorem duties J nnd, ns n freo-trndor, I do sinccroly trust tho presonl intelligent Treasurer will givo tho subiect considera j tion ; becauso whilo such an absurdity exists thc rovonuo and n small industry aro losors nt ono anil tho sarao timo. Although Maitland has not such n largo wholesale and squatting trade as formorly, it still possesses ar oxtonBivo ono. Tho failuro of tho Inrgo houso ol Strachan and Co., some years sinco-a houso turning ovor nenrly ono hundred nnd fifty thousand a year did irreparable dnmago, by sending n largo portior of ita trade out of tho district. Tho samo law ol business operations rims through nil its grades whore Ibero is n mnrkot, a number of wholesale or a number of retail stores, thcro will tho grcatcsl number of buyors go-whether retailers or con- sumers ; and nlthouph tho largo nnd im- portant houso of David Cohen, nnd Co.-possess- ing tho finest storo in tho colony, and quite nn ornament to Mnitland-have a grcnl business, I fool certain thoir Maitland trudo ia not sc largo ns it would hnvo hoon if their competitors hui not loft tho district. Tho other houses having ur up-country trndo connection ai o well-known fin thoir business tnot and lionournblo trading. 3 alindo to tho rcspoct-.d houso of Solomon Vindir and Co ; tho encrgotic firm of AVolib und Gorriok nlao 1\ Logan's (which hns tho soap and candle manufactory still attached), J. Lovion's, successor tc tho Into woll-known Mr. Butler; and a fow otho: rospooteiblo, although smaller trndors, in compnrisor to tho houses first named-R. Campbell, Owen tint Beckett, John Loo and Co., Wolstonliolmoand Co. andr fow moro ; whilo, in addition to tho drapery storcB theronro thrco cordial manufacturera, sovoral dru ggisti -including thnt old establishment of Mr. Lipscoml -sovoral stationers-ono hoing tho Ano storo of Mr, Blair (tho agent of this paper), besides tho varioui othor businesses nnd tradors, forming tho largo popu ' lation of nearly six thoiiBand SOUIB, will convinco tin reader that West Maitland is ono of tho most important towns in tho colony - fully accounting for tho _ fino nnd substantial looking banka {heroin -viz., tho recently orectcd, Qothic-shnpod, nnd ornamental building ot tho Bnnk of Australasia, tho beautiful points of tho design boinpj lost, bocnuso Uio street ia so narrow near whoro it ia built ; also, tho solid mid comfort ablo-looking Bank of Now SouUi Walo», lately so notorious on account of tho largo robbary of ita live pound not es ; und, in addition to tho prosperous Coin mercinl Bank; with ita well-known and courteous "manager, ovïdenfly_ûndêr "dirootora who do i Javlah'^tlie MmdenaV ílrvn expansivo buildin there ia tho quiet-looking Joint Stock Bink. Fe banks, with a large rotmue.of officers, must ha oxtonsive' monetary transactions to keep up st establishments, and aro proofs of tho importanoo this vnlunhlo'district. ' ' * I Notwithstanding continual complaints of the r in wheat, this cereal is still grown and helps to kt i throe mills going. Thoro aro also large quantities I maize, lucerne, potatoes, grapos, tobacco, and otl produco rniBod round this district; but, as in mn othor parts of . tho colony, table vegetables havo to grown by celestials, who mako a good living hy th industry, I imagino it must "bo infra dig for formo many of whom cannot mako good butter or chee to sell vegetables. I- think if thoro was fi gc general market, much ready monoy would collect tho pockets of our own countrymen, to the prejud of tho heathen. ! Hotolsand inns, of course, thoro nro many, but, other towns of tho colony aro to bo taken as oxompl I db not think 'thcro aro too ninny for nearly i thousnnd inhabitants, and tho activo and intelligi sergeant of polico with his fow subordinates, 1 wholo undor nj superintendent, speak volumes favour of tho peacotul character of tho pooplo .n tho proper conduct of tho liconsod victuallers. T old established Northumberland is tho chief hotel. Tho reader will havo observed from tho pmblish accounts of tho rocent flood, tbut Bolmoro Dridj costing somo £12,000, has boon of gre Borvice to tho inhabitants. It ,is a fino structv of iron, resting upon cylindors, tho carriage-w abovo flood mark-tho cost of which is nothing comparison to tho ' formor every-day loss by t primitivo bullock-dray stylo of tho suporsoded pm Thocnorgyandmorchant-liko charactorof Miiitlanc business mon could never havo drawn such un extc sivo businoBS to it had thoy not been aided by th powerful ongino, tho Press-tho advocato of allBha business men. THE PATERSON TOWNSHIP is about twelvo milos from West Maitland, and ci bo approached by two or throo roads, either of thc forming a pretty drivo or ride. Tho road from Eu Maitland, over tho now nnd handsome bridgo lea ing to Dumnoro and Woodville on to tho Patcrso will onablo tho traveller to seo milos, possibly, of I richest and most prolillc ground in tho colony, wi hero und thoro *' toeming burns and fields of wavii gold," nonr comfortable-looking homesteads, and, ho passes tho happy und honlthy-looking farmor, fe lowing tho plough over tho furrowed and forti fields, ho will bo apt to oxcluim-ovon though ho 1 a squatter God speed lt well, ami let It thrive unshackled cvorywhoro i Tho rond from West Maitland over tho Belmo Bridgo is also a vory pleasant and prolty ono, pas ing between farms filled with the most luxurin crops, Bomo of thom sending forth thoir hcaltl odours, which, hoing kissed by a passing breon become incorporated in your Bystom and moko tl trip of tho most onjoyabio character. Aftor loavir Mnitland somo five milos, thoro aro two ronds, ho leading to tho Paterson township ; by ono you w pass tho station of tho woll-known proprietor of t Barb, Mr. Reynolds, of Tocal, a gentleman wi breeds, perhaps, tho finest entilo in tho colony-ti pirro Durham and white-faced Herefords ; Iiis she also aro known in tho Sydnoy market, and fotch, li' his cattlo, tho highest prices. A lino lugoon, coven with wild ducks, is near his lofty and pleasant! sitiinted rcsidonco. Tho general appcarnnco of tl: homestead is that of a well-carcd-for gentlomt fanner's estato, and that of tho proprietor, an eas; going, well-to-do, " fino old English gontlomnn" tho "sturdy yeoman kind." I wish tho colony po Bossed a fow hundred such. Tho second road referred to is tho hotter ono fe travelling ovor ; indeed, it is a treat to find such, ar tho traveller has to go a loniç way-oven us fur i Now England (thoso under tho superintondonco < Mr. Bailey)--beforo he cnn find nny liko thom. Th second road lends to tho township via Strndbrok tho residence of tho Speaker of tho Houso of Asscmhl and member for tho Pntcrson- tho Hon. W. 1 Arnold. It is a largo, red brick building, and, doub loss, laid out for tho comfort of that gentleman soeiul circlo ; but I will venturo to stnto tho dosig was not tho result of any great competition. It : beliovcd that tho dairy and orchard of tho hon. gonth man aro good sources of incomó. Afowmilcs of goo road brings you to tho township, with tho ovor-llowin rivof running through it, helping to cool tho atm< sphere. Thia littlo township is sitnnted in a va loy,a groat portionof which, in timosofllood, isundi water. It has a small Church of England standing i tho midst of ft gravoyard, vory nonr to tho banks ( tho river. Tho Presbyterian stands high and drj opposite rtrathor costly court-houso and polico statioi An Odd-fcllows' Hall is thoro also, near to tho sp< known for many years ns Broderick's Hotel, whoi happy couples havo spent thoir honeymoons, rovin amongst tho orango trees and Howers in the rear of tb hotol, ascending tho wcll-elothod mountains to cate tho broezo, watching for a nibhlo on tho banks of tb riverj under tho shade of a beautiful willow, c basking in " Tho sweet and merry sunshine of nlToctlon's gentío light, That never wears a sullen cloud, and fiulcth not In night." But such tripB aro ended, old Timo hus wrinklod th faco and furrowed tho forehead of tho onco woll known landlady, and tho ruthless and dovourin olomont-fire-hns lovoUod tho old building, not t bo restored. Throo inns and a few stores, sovcrri being but small, with a fow prívalo residences, tw mills not always nt work, und somo hcalthy-lookin, but smnll small fnrms comprise tho Paterson town ship, skirted by lofty mountains and rnnges fe entilo, an over-flowing stream passing through il midst, with its numerous and varied trees, th varieties of produce-tobacco, mnizo, oats, lucerne potatoes, and table vegetables-interspersed with few llowor gardens and a woll-formod road, produce a picturo not often to bo soon. This district righ on to Stroud has been notorious for cattle stoaling ; but, owing to tho extra vigilanco of th polico, tho establishment of a prosecuting society, oi tho passing of tho Brands Registration Act, thi crimo is not heard of so much as formerly, on butchers now residing in thia district do not mak fortunes so rapidly us tho same class did in days gon ty- . ... A Public School is much wanlod in this township hut although tho inhabitants, backed by thoir aotiv member, has applied to tho Bishop, ho will do nothini in tho matter, either in giving a pioco of land, whicl would not bo missed by his ehurchj nor in any otho way will ho assist in tho instruction of tho youni outside his own narrow circlo. I much regret thif hecnuso he must know that his ossistnnco would tone to koop tho rising generation [from lillirie tho gaols Oh ! that tho ghost of a Peabody would causo hin sleepless nights, by singing " Cursed ls wealth when lt falls to tho share Of the grilling dotard, or Hellish hoir 1 Hut wlsoly scattor tho talents yo hohl. And blessings shall fall on the spirit of gold." From tho Lowor to. tho TJppor Paterson, some olovoi houses for tho salo of colonial wino hnvo boon oponod and from tho npponrnnco of many who loavo aftoi taking refreshments at somo of theso housos it ii evident on article Btrongor than wino hns boon drunk besides which, I um informed tho salo continue! oponly on tho Snbbnth ! Of lilia I am quito euro, thal tho rovenuo has suffored, in addition to tho lives and heads of thoso who havo drunk it during tho last twontj years (and tho Inlier is of moro importnnco thar tho former), by tho lurga salo, by cominixturo with othors, of colonial brandy. Ono complaint I heard ir tliis district was, that all tho .T.P's. about tho place wero wiuo-niukors, and supplied theso noisy Snbbath brenking retailers of colonial wino. I recommend thom to tho caro of tho ox-mcmbor for Singleton, For tho well-built court-houso, polico stations, and thoroughly good ronda, togothor with tho useful and pretty bridges lending thereto, tho credit is justly 1 given to tho Speaker-indeed, theso very nico ronds 1 aro commonly spokon of, if you ask your way, ns Arnold's road nnd Arnold's bridges, and whatovoi 1 may bo thought of such by folks in othor districts, ' morely because Hint gontlomnn rosidos nonr those roads, I maintain, until such roads and good bridges ' oro to bo found nil over tho colony, tho country ' cannot bo properly occupied. 1 PmiAMllULATOll. P. S.-"When will tho invalnnblo but compnrn ' tivoly costless direction posts bo over tho colony F Tho number of imporlunt lives itnnuully lost by 1 death in tho bush of this colony for want of such ? posts is considerable ; but I supposo such a really useful question is too small a mattel- for tho grout men who govern this colony. When I got on tho wrong road, whilo travelling through tho country, I often wish a Bishop, a Minister of Works, or Lands, 1 or oven a Govornor, wns compelled to travol alono, and would get off his track for only ono night. Oh, what a stir it would mako to tho bonoflt of ' futuro trnvoUors, by, causing what ovory civilizod country possesses, viz., tho simplo, inexpensive, and usoful diroction posts to bo placed on ovory road, major and minor. 