ffialtaaa Ciuw. WALLAROO: WEDNESDAY, SEPT. 1. THE House of Assembly was tinkering away at the Land Bill during three days of the last week, and the Bill has now passed what may he called its first read ing through Committee. The illustrious hodge podge into which it has been turned by the joint labor of friends, foes, and insidious councillors, was to be sub mitted to the Government Printer this week, who will present to hon. members on or before Thursday a fair copy of what has been referred to several times during the debate as the " grand har monious whole," forming the Bill. Then it will be reconsidered, and, as there are already something like twenty amend ments tabled, by the light of which it will have to be discussed, the " cheering hope " felt by the Register, on Saturday, that it will be before the Council in a week or two, would Beem to rest upon no very solid foundation. After passing through Colnmittee there is the third reading to come off, and it is certain to be strenuously opposed. Meanwhile, the feeling in the country is daily growing stronger against it, and every day in creases the probability that the Peers will feel justified in throwing it out. The first part of the weSk was devoted by hon. members and the Government to the apparently congenial task of making the Bill a great engine of political corrup tion, rottenness, and impurity. Such, amidst the mass of conditions tagged to it, it would necessarily be, unless the very strictest and moBt stringent provisions were made; but the Government tried hard, not only to legislate so tlii.tit might be optional with the Commissioner whether his duty should be honorably performed, but, that there should be a loophole for him if he were inclined to be either lax or compromising. Mr Waso proposed that when selectors were found not^fulfilling the conditions agreed to by the House and themselves their selec tions should be forfeited. The Govern ment- divide^ against this resolution why, it is easy $o see. And, although Mr WARD'S resolution was carried, it will have no practical effect. The retual fact is, that an angel ought not to be trus ted with the power the proposed Act places id the hands of the Commissioner of Crown X^ands. Let it be imagined that there should be a general election conse quent upon the Ministry determining to appeal to the country. The agents . of the Commissioner might be found amongst the selectors, whispering. to them that it would be for their advan tage to vote for Government candi dates and to let it be known that they did; or, the alternative would await them. That is to say, the discovery would be made that they were not fulfilling the conditions of their leases, and their selec tions would inevitably be forfeited, unless they took an active part in the return of a friend to the Ministry. No person who knows anything about these things will believe that such suggestions, mysteriously thrown out, would not win the votes of nine selectors out of ten, ^Ministers ; and members may rise in the House, I and on their honor declare that any1 Commissioner who would act7: thus ought not to remain in office forty eight hours, and that any member who would connive at this sort of thing would not deserve the confidence of his constituents. But it is of no UBe thus ?' high falutin," and " riding the high moral horse." Four ministers out of five of most Cabinets would do this thing as if it were a duty; and nine mem bers out of ten would usually be only too happy to avail themselves of the_opportu lity if offered. And, we go further. As | a rule, the Commissioners would not only not scruple to forfeit selections in the manner described, but they would, more over, give these selections to their friends or esteemed relatives. - If an .esteemed relative cast a covetous eye upon Naboth's vineyard, the incidents recorded in the Jewish history would be re-enacted. False witnesses would give their evidence. It requires no very vivid imagination to conceive what would be the result if an ignorant and bigoted Banger, dressed out with a little authority, received official in formation that evidence was required a certain selector was not fulfilling the con ditions of his lease. Evidence in abun dance would be forthcoming. Nothing is more certain than that for the safety of selectors, it is absolutely necessary that they should not be ejected from their holdings save by the order of a properly constituted Court. No intelligent, inde pendant man, will put hims&f; under the system of serfdom that the Government is bent on carrying out either by law or against the law. The remainder of the week was devoted for the main part, to legislating in the in terest of a class that certainly had not had special provision made for it in the Bill. At first it was supposed that only loafers, drunkards, vagabonds and idlers, had claims upon the special consideration of the ministry. Thrift and industry were, to a certain extent, penalized. But by and-bye the capitalists managed to insert the thin edge of the wedge, and with a very little lying and perjuring-two prac tices that the Government Bill will en courage the growth to a far greater extent than it will the cultivation of die land the capitalists will be enabled to acquire large estates upon much easier terms than before. Indeed, we are inclined to think this can be managed, as the Bill now stands, without necessarily lying or per juring, but these two attributes will be facilitated directly, and indirectly fostered to the great injury of the people of South Australia. Having thus benevolently looked after the claims of the proletarian class, and having sympathized with the bloated colonial aristocrat, in the mean time firing a shot at industrious and fugal colonists, the Government was this week forced to consider something for genuine | land-leeches and sharks. It is-Jtmderstood that a clause is to be inserted in the Bill, ; whereby a shark, with a dozen fictitious names on a roll of paper, can go to a pas toral tenant, and inform him that unless ! he parts with a certain sum of money, application will be made for the survey ' °£ say, his head station, or water course or the best portion of his run. Of course j the squatter will have to comply with j the forced demand, or take the conse-j quences; and it is easy to perceive what will be the result. As soon as they can, the pastoral tenants will dispose of their leases, and take themselves and their capi- | tal to some country, where proceedings compared with which bushrapging and j brigandage are fair and equitable, are j not legalized. The pastoral interest, | which now usually exports wool to the j value of from one million to a million I and a-half pounds sterling per annum, ' will be stamped out as effectually as the ingenuity of our legislators can devise. The pretence put forward for this is that otherwise the best land in the colony will not be surveyed by the Miuistiy of the day for selection. That this reason is but a mere, scarcely plausible, excuse is manifest. In other cases there has been an objection to confer upon the Ministry far more dangerous and deleterious power. And, in effect, as every one knows, the Ministry has very little to do with what land is offered for sale. To suppose that Mr CAVENAGH, when Commissioner of thrown Lands, decided upon the agricul tural areas, would be an evidence of ignorance. If those areas are unsuitable for agricultural purposes the Suveyor G-eneral is to blame. He selected and recommended them. Here again is a matter in which the folly of the legislature and the Government is akin to which we 'have before alluded. Nei the Ministry, nor the Survey or-Gre nor a land-shark, should have po.. say which squatter's run should be Adver tised for selection. The magistracy of the district would be much more capable of deciding whether that district was well adapted for agricultural purposes, or i whether circumstances required that any part of it should at once be thrown open for selection. But what can be expected from a Parliament and Ministry that haw been for now two months hammering away at a Bill for making farmers by Act of Parliament ? IT might have been imagined that the next piece of business to the proposed Land Act that the Government would have tried to carry through the House would have related to the system of legis lation, that it is intended should be in troduced to the Statute Book, respecting the various lessees of the Crown Lands of the colony. Instead of dealing with the alienation of Waste Lands of the colony as a whole, as was expected, the Government elected to split it into two parts, and proceed first with that to which we have repeatedly had occasion to refer. But, at least, it might have been supposed, that the second portion of the Government policy would follow closely upon the heels of the first. If the Go vernment has a policy for dealing with the pastoral tenants, and the mineral lessees, we surely are not unreasonable in asking why we are not in possession of it by the time the first portion of the Land Act has passed its second reading, and afterwards, its wearisome course through Committee. JYom all the evi nence that is to hand it would appear that, to the colony, it is as important that the pastoral tenants and the mineral lesses should be in a flourishing condition as it is that bona Jide farmers should be created by an Act of Parliament passed expressly for that purpose. The value of the wheat grown in South Australia during the past five years has averaged £1,400,000 per year. The annual value of the wool and minerals produced during the same term has been slightly in ex cess of £1,900,000 or, rather more than one-third in excess of the wheat. To talk of the value of these two interests, the pastoral and the mineral, to such ar dent reformers as there are in the Assembly would, no doubt, be a sheer waste of breath, and it is perhaps there fore quite right that they should wait patiently whilst Messrs BSIGHT, WARD, and their friends the Ministers, cobble away at a Land Act. But we do think the Government, by this time, ought to have also enunciated a Land Policy as relat ing to the pastoral and mineral lessees. Instead of this what do we find ? Why the next Bill the Legislature is expected to grapple with is a Constitutional one. The Government proposes to amend the Constitution Act. And, in their patriotic efforts they will be assisted by the emi nent reformers we have before alluded to. W"e grant that a reform is urgently needed ; but, apparently, the colony must endure many more years of bitter experi ence ere real reform will be applied. Certainly events are hastening the much needed crisis. The last House of Assembly was described by the present Premier as being one that was susceptible of very consi derable improvement; the present one has only been called into being a few months, but it has already acquired for itself fame and notoriety. We do not suppose a much more flattering compliment could be paid to any legislative chamber than for one of its members to explain that a few years ago he was not tried for com mon swindling. When we read the dis avowal we wondered what next and what next P Previously we had been very much of the opinion of the Speaker, that it waB hot necessary for any hon. member to make personal explanations as to his antecedents, or any rogueries imputed to him. But we appreciate the Speaker's tact and delicacy in putting the subject before the House. He would not stop the explanation, but he reminded the House that it would not be considered necessary in the House of Commons. No doubt it would not, Calumnies applied there would but cause derision. The Premier thought that the case was different here, and, as he is the leader of the House, we bow to his opinion merely expressing our sorrow at the fact. And Mr WABD thought that for divers reasons, not one of which we opine the hon. member thoroughly comprehends, it was necessary that his explanation should be received. Perhaps the hon. member was right. South Aus tralia knows now, from Mr WABD'S own lips, that the year he arrived in the colony a-Mr E. "WABD was charged, in a London Police Court, with swindling to the tune of about £800; and that he is not the Ebenezer referred to. ThiB appears to us to have been a case in which Mr WAED was the very best person to Judge whether such an explanation was necessary. W© can imagine cases in which we should have qualified to pass an opinion. In this we regard the judgment of the hon. member with all proper deference, and content ourselves with merely expressing a passing regret that he should have felt called upon to take such a step, i The Constitution Amendment Act refers in marked and explicit manner to the Council, for which reason it doeB not stand the ghost of a chance, of being passed into law. Courtesy requires that one House should not take the initiative in reforms effecting the other, and this courtesy there is a certainty that the Peers will insist upon. Therefore we look upon most of the time that is to be spent in discussing this mea sure as very much like time wasted. And this is the more especially the case, as some amendments that are proposed, would, if carried, only tend to intensify existing evils. Mr WARD proposes to in crease the number of the members of the House of Assembly, whereas the fact is notorious that there is a dearth at the present time of suitable members to make up the number required by the present Act. A very little consideration suffices to show the extent of the absurdity pro posed to be perpetrated by Mr "WAKD. There is, in the entire colony, not over one third of the number of inhabitants of Manchester. And yet Manchester is considered to be adequately represented by two menbers, whilst this unfortunate colony has thirty-six. If Manchester were to be represented in the same proportion as this colony, it would return over 100 members to Parliament. We venture to doubt i famongst the number of wealthy and enterprising men to be found in Man- j cheater, 100 suitable to act as represen- i tatives, could be found. What then is j likely to be the case in this colony ? And what would necessary follow if more members had to be returned to Parlia ment? Nothing could result but the degradation of the present not immo derately high standard that some districts i only seem to require their members to come up to. THEBB are rumours of a discovery of copper ore in the neighbourhood of Kadina, but we bare no reliable information to fin-nfl THB new mine, respecting which glowing re ports are current, will, it is said, be called the "Bonnie Doun." MELBOUBNE telegrams published in the two daily newspapers on Tuesday, stated that the Gtuichen, a French war-steamer, and Bonito, a German barque, were off the Heads together. They exchanged friendly salutes, being both un aware of the war. The French war-steamer is the Guichen, from New Caledonia, for despatches. They hare 10,000 tons of ooal stored at New Caledonia, rendering the fleet independent. It is believed that the French despatches firmly an nounce the war, and that a raid on Cferman ship ping will likely be immediate. A correspondent fevors us with the following: " The anniversary of the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Kadina, was celebrated on Sunday and Monday, Sept. 4 and 5. On the Sabbath three excellent sermons were preached, that in the morning by the Iter. Mr Michie, and that in the afternoon by the Ber. Mr Wilson, and that in the evening by the Ber. Mr Allen On each oc casion there was a large and appreciated audience. On the Monday a public tea was provided, to which a large number Bat down. After the tea a public meeting was held when the chapel was densely crowded. The Rev. S. Raymond presided. The financial report read by Mr A. Arbon showed the trust funds to be in a very satisfactory state. Interesting and profitable addresses were delivered by the Revs. J. Warner, J. Lloyd, A. and T. Allen. At each service the choir performed select pieces of music in a very efficient manner. Votes of thanks were cordially given to the ladies who provided the tea, and also to the Chairman, Ministers, and choir, for their efficient servioes. The proceeds were satisfactory. The muring was closed by the Ber. J. Lloyd pronouncing the : benediction." i RESPECTING the departure of the Alhambra for Fiji, a writer in the Australasian says: " They say on 'Change that the Alhambra's putting into Newcastle, short of coals within four days of her departure hence, wears a strange look. Some sus picious people go &r; as to hint that a detective, who had accompanied the vessel to sea, had made the captain perceive the desirability of discover ing a deficiency in his coal bunkers, in order that Mr Bucket might get within telegraphic range of Melbourne. However this may be, the Alham- i bra has sailed again without any captures: I don't! care to repsat the queer reports that are current about more than one of the pilgrim fethero of the future Fiji nation. Their backs are turned, and as they can't speak for themselves, we may just as well turn a deaf ear to stories which have gained nothing by long keeping. That story of massacre and body-roasting won't encourage our emigrants in whose recollections will be revived with painful realism Sydney Smith's grim jest of the Maori breakfast, with cold roast curate on the ride* board. Thb weekly meeting of the Clare and Wallaroo Tramway Committee -was held on Monday evening. Several copieB of the memorial, extensively signed in some instances, and in othow not so eitenf>iTely, were handed in, and it was de termined that an active and energetic person should, in each township on the Feninsnla, obtain as many signatures as possible, prior to the meet ing of the Committee on Monday evening next, after which the memorial will be forwarded to town for presentation. : THE anniversary of the Wesleyan Methodist Sunday School, "Kadina, took place on Sunday, when the Ber. |Mr Rolf preached £hree sermons to crowded congregations. On Monday there was a tea meeting followed by a public meeting atr' which some interesting addresses were delivered, and which was well attended. We understand that the proceeds of the tea and the collections were £33. Arthe Moonta Local Co art, on Friday, several miners, laborers, and others, were summonsed by ! the Crown Lands Banger for removing firewood intended for their own use from Waste Lands of the Crown. In each case a fine of 10s was im posed, and a fortnight allowed in which to memo rialise the Commissioner of Crown lands for the remission of the fine. There is no question - that the Banger was acting in direct opposition to the instructions he has reoeived in this nutter, and the fine will, no doubt, be remitted. As the Banger is determined to be both meddlawme - mischievous, other steps will be taken of which he must hear the consequences. . - II is to be hoped the electors in the district of Stanlsy, and the farmers in" the neighbourhood ~ of Clare particularly, will observe that whilst there is an agitation afoot, for the construction of a railway that would tend to mfike the district of Clare a most flourishing and extensive agricultu ral district, Mr Bright, their representative, pro poses this day, in the House', to take steps for die construction of a line over a miserably sterile and almost uninhabited country in the South-ISast. - Wb notice that at the last usual fortnightly meeting of the Gawler Town Counoil, the In* specter of Nuisances was instructed to take pro ceedings against Mr Butcher Bright for the re covery of the fee due for a slaughter1 ng license. A Councillor present expressed some surprise th*t does not seem altogether unnatural, that Mr Bright pallid, under the circumBtances,have given notice, for the reduction or rescinding of the license fees. Mr Bright's devout worshipper the Gawkr Timet had to clironiole the interesting incident. A PETITION from Moonta praying that the House of Assembly would take some stepsfor causing an expenditure of money St Moonta, was presented on Friday, but was not received on account of informality. We are not exactly aware what the petition was for, no copy of it having been sent to this offioe, nor any communication having been entered into with us on the subject. The same complaint hs£ been made to us by 4>ttu & persons, resident on the Peninsula, who. take aa interest in all that ia likely to be beaefieiai to the Peninsula as a whole," and not merely any one section of it. Also, we are not aware "wherein consisted the informality of the petitions but of course, "the probability is, it was improperly drawn np. Thb first step in the action brought by the Northern Territory Land order holders haa bedQ taken, and the Government neglecting to, appear during the days the writserved had to runjljad jndgment signed against them for £20,000. Afterwards Messrs Boucaut and Ingleby agret 4 that the judgment, and writ, and declaration, should be set aside as nullities. The court seemed to think otherwise, bnt proceedings were stayed till yesterday, when Hie case was to be argped'. The declaration consists of 633 sheets of brie£ and 4.700 foloes, and Mr Boucaut said if he com~ menoed to read night and day without sleeping, he could not read it in a week, including Sunday^ Somebody will have a nice little lawyer's bfli to. p»y AN innocent paragraph that appeared in thia ournai to the effect that WaliaroaCopper had been sold to the Prussian Government aroused the attention of the busybody class of hon. mem bers, who, through one of their spokesmen,-Mr Laurie, interpolated the Government on the sub set. The Treasurer replied that the Government were unacquainted with the contract made with, the Wallaroo Company. So we should have magined. If, before the war commenced, the Wallaroo Company liked to sell not only 400bnt 4000 tons of copper, what was it to do with Mr Laurie, the Treasurer, or any other man P . THE petition of the wood gatherers fined at the last Local Court, at Moonta, was presented to that Hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Tues day morning. Until the result is known of course they will not pay the fine. The Austratagiap. reports that " a number of gentlemen connected with the wool trade and pas toral pursuits met on Thursday afternoon at the offices of Mr Lande, Collins-street west, where a number of samples of greasy wool were submitted to a new washing process. Mr Lpnde explained that the solution to be experimented with was of the temperature of lOOdeg, Fahrenheit, but it would act equally well at a lower temperature and even in cold water when some friction waa used. A dark sample of dirty wool was then placed in the solution, and after remaining two minutes it was taken out and passed through oold water, when it appeared beautifully white and clean. Other samples, even more greasy and impure were treated with equal success. A sample was then hand-washed in the solution, when the time oc cupied was only a few seconds in turning it out in fine condition. The cleansing power of the new dip being thus satisfactorily established, the ques tions arose as to the cost and as to the effect of the process on the staple. It was stated by Mr Lande that the cost would range from 4d to 6d per sheep, and as the wash waa found also to he an excellent seab-eradicat or, this plague of the pastoral tenant would in future hatdly be known where sheep were cleansed by this process. Samples which had been washed seven or eight weeks ago were exhibited^ and the fibre appeared to be in excel lent condition. Great satisfaction was expressad - by all present at the result of the different experi ments." To givean idea of the value of draught stock of Victoria, we may mention a sale made on Monday by Messas M'Culloch, Campbell and Co., on account of Mr W. Derham, of the Imported Clydesdale stallion Sir Robert Bruce for the sum of £600, the purchaser being Mr Thomas Barti I lett, Longford, Tasmania. THERE are certain people in the world who are most hardly dealt with bj fate/ Something or other unfortunate is sore to be constantly happen ing to them. ~ They may be as virtuous as they please in private|life, but the cruellist slanders are constantly being whispered about their social ex istence. They may be men of the greatest probity -"honest even to a proTerb-bat this wicked world will not .trust them as it ought to do. Let cynips say what they will, there is such a thing as injur ed innocence. Let this be taken for granted, and we propose that a subscription list should be started for the purpose of photographing Mr Ebenezer Ward as an " injured innocent." It would seem that oertain persons, who, we conceive, mnst be endowed with marvellous memories, re collected something about an Eoenezer Ward being a defaulter, in jLondon, in the year 1859, to the tune of £800. The/ accordingly exhumed an old newspaper in which they found evidence in support of their recollections. From Mr Hay'e statement it would appear that this and that has been put together for years in the case of the honourable member for G-umeracha and the newspaper paragraph alluded to. Now Mr Ward comes forward and states that he could not be the person alluded to, as he arrived in Melbourne about the time that a warrant was Issued for the defaulter Ward. Hon. members received Mr Ward's explanation as satisfactory, as doubtless it was for them; and, we should imagine, that Mr Ward will, as a matter of course, confirm his explanation by the . production of printed evidence, such as easily might be obtain ed in Melbourne, as to the actual date of his arrival there. We notice that after Mr Ward's explanation had been given, Mir Coglin, allniting to a paragraph in the Advertiser professing to be taken from the Besex Standard-one in which Mr Ward was spoken of as he used to be in the columns of the " South Australian " whilst that "injured innocent" was alive-stated it had been written and sent by the hon. member himself! And, we regretted to notioe that Mr Ward, after his explanation regretted that he could not take legal proceedings against any one. Injured in nocents and soiled doves should not get into pets and wish to invoke the terrors of the law on their behalf! 'The proposal of Mr Duffield to allow every person now in the colony to enjoy the same privilege under the Xaad Act as an immigrant arriving was negatived. Mr Duffield thought every man who had paid his passage to the colony had as much right to set off his passage money, iu a purchase of Government land, as an immi grant now arriving. The Xapunda paper bewails pathetically, the opening of the New Northern line of Railway to the Burra, which, as it leaves Kapunda some what to the East, and passes it for the North, is .aid to reduce " our Railway to a branch line* and our terminus to little more than a roadside station.** 