in THE MAGAZINES FOR MARCH. ' I nnZt Caraher mR HP a 'tried and sprightly numbed 4kekhÄIhan^l0-Wth?avTer8eo: although there is no Tiefa^wen^Dithu^8 Imperial France this month. "starring' Reader story is well maintained.' history no T r.howo^ir' wUi be more acceptable to that SÏÏEoSïïS*^,8 of stJIo,Bnd shrewdness of observation' »B^rS.rtí?rAeJB0Loí.it«.A PaP«»»toat fastidious recluse, Charles Kirkpatrick Sharpe, scholar, antiquary. wefl»T^Lart Russia little but a ruhauf¿ot'thl> memo? ' 216 WB.ot<S.IDßB. The literary cookery however States that readers may bc'hankful'forthe op c«siMnLib^IDßacquain^ with an otherwise into active work. AS BUy on La Bruyere wears the appearance of having been derived from Sainte-'rieuvo, which is as much as to say that it is 'elegant in style and replete with minute information., ? " Shamrockiani" is concluded, and not before we are tired of its mannerism which latter observation may be extended both papers of the "Cynic," whose grows ore this month directed against the newspaper press. A writer on the "Man in the Iron Mask" advocates the solution of the mystery recently propounded by M. Maurois Toppin, without seeming to 'be aware that it was advanced more than forty years ago by Lord Dover and has been generally received ever since. Accord- ing to this hypothesis, the captive was a secretary of the Duke of Momus, named Matthioll. "After Many Days," a poem, by Philip Bourke Marston, is in the spirit of the Sonnets which have already appeared under this signature, and is even more exquisite in diction, versification, and the powerful, yet chttBtened, expression of deep and tender melancholy. It is characteristic of Macmillan that three of the most important papers should be lectures. Mr. Freeman a lecture on the origin of the English nation is interesting, of course ; Professor Seeloy'B inaugural discourse at Cambridge is important as on indication of the spirit in which the duties of a post of national importance are likely to be discharged by him but the chief importance attaches to the Solicitor. General's address on freedom of opinion in the Church-not so much, perhaps, on account of any novelty in the views themselves as from the probability that the speaker will one day be in a position to give them practical effect. The gist of them is conveyed in a sentence : " If the Church remains established, it will remain SO by the sacrifice of its present rests." A somewhat extensive secession is contemplated and accepted as a probable result of the Buerifiee in question. Another paper, which derives much importance from the position of the writer, is one on the Alabama claims, by General Badeau, who, if any man, may be supposed to speak the mind of General Grant, 'the friendly and conciliatory tone of his observations will be duly appreciated, while at the same time we cannot help observing that there is something either of sophistry or misapprehension in his remarks on Senator Sumner's speech. Mr. Sumner's pretensions were not considered ridiculous in England in so far as they extended to damage actually wrought by the Alabama, but because they set up a preposterous claim to compensation for the entire injury occasioned to American commerce by the war. Among other interesting papers, we may particularly mention Mr. Farrar's observations on " Learning to Read, and an account of Easter Island. The best paper in the Contemporary Review is by the Rev. N. G, Ball, who has found an interesting subject in the corruptions of Christianity through the contact of Paganism, and has illustrated it with much curious finds dition. Dr. Simon explains to the Germans that their most recent metaphysics are borrowed from Bishop Berkeley, and enumerates thirty-six particulars in which their philosophical historians have misunderstood the said Bishop. The Dean of Canterbury retires from the editorship after this number. Fraser- always a magazine of the first class-has improved still further since the completion of Mr. Froude's history has left him at leisure to devote his principal attention to it. The present number has no less than five articles of unusual interest. The first, by the editor himself, is a disquisition on the reciprocal duties of " State and Subject," with especial reference to English affairs. It is deeply coloured by the influence of Mr. Carlyle and like most productions of iiB school, combines fitful gleams of deep insight with a tendency to contemplate things on the imaginative side. Professor Tyndall's lecture on " Dust and Disease " i has already become public property through the press. Mr. Leslie Stephen's paper on the " Broad Church " will probably attract much attention. He is of opinion that the Broad Church is not broad enough and many of his observations and admissions, coming from BO friendly a quarter, must be regarded as damaging. It is a pity that he should be a stranger to the sobering influences of a benefice. A writer on Faraday has performed, with eminent tact and modesty, the real service of analysing and digesting Dr. Bence Jones's cumbrous volumes. Mrs. Manning's "Ancient and Medieval India" does not require such a distillation ; yet Miss Cobbo's abstract of its contents will be found interesting and serviceable by those who have not time to read the original work. There are also good papers on convents, the ballot in the United States, and University education in Ireland and a pretty poem by Mr. Allingham. j Blackwood has for once no political article, nor, indeed, anything of much mark except an excellent paper on Miss Austen and Miss Mitford, and the two novels, which are as mnBferly as usual. The general quiet of each is this month removed by a scene of excitement-a fire in " John," a duel in ''Earl's Dene." The latter also touches the springs of pathos more deeply than hitherto in the character and misfortunes of the old French teacher. The Fortnightly commences with on article on the posthumous remains of Heine, by the Hon. Robert Lytton. Mr. Lytton's remarks on the poetical character of Horns- are in general very correct, but he rates the particular book he is reviewing much too highly, and his translations from it, though as good as could be reasonably expected, are certainly not adequate. Mr. Freeman's history of the Norman Conquest is favourably reviewed by Mr Cox, but a good deal of exception is taken to particular passages. Mr. Wylie tries hard to demonstrate the mischievous character of Lord Mayo's policy in Afghanistan ; but, save for a few readers, he only beats the air. It is simply ] impossible for the majority of the English public to arrive at any conclusion on the subject. Mr. Sidney Colvin's essay on Dover is full of fancy and acuteness, our satisfaction in which may in some degree be qualified by his own excellent remark, that " the right way to treat' a design like ' Melencolia ' is to receive its imaginative impression without striving after verbal comment or precise interpretation." R Semple Mar is very good this month. "Red as a Rose is She" is completed, but is withdrawn from our criticism by the circumstance of publication having already taken place. The gem of the number is " The Dog," a story from the Russian of Tourjueneff, most widely translated by Mr. W. S. Ralston. It is a tale of the supernatural, and most effective in this respect, but even more so for the strokes of sly humour and satire scattered through it as, for instance, the particulars connected with the berth of the inspector of Crown magazines. The magazines themselves as yet existed only in theory, and it was not even quite clear what they were intended to contain. But their construction had been resolved upon as a measure of public economy." "The Danish National Character draws a favourable and probably accurate character of the Danes as an amiable, domestic, refined, but rather simple and slow people. Among the other contributions may be mentioned "ARomon Story," an effective piece of melodrama; and " How We Took a Farm," on amusing specimen of the farcical style. Besides its principal attraction, "Austin Friars," Tinsley has two really excellent papers on curiously related and curiously contrasted subjects, "The Uses of Science" and "The Uses of Fiction." The former shows how apparently idle scientific investigations have led to the most important practical results ; the latter makes out an excellent case for fiction as an element in education. " Only a Face is a pretty little story and a description of Bourne- mouth is both attractive and accurate. The details of the Rugeley poisoning are served up again, in a paper which can serve no purpose but to injure the feelings and interests of living persons. Saint Paul's is very readable. The best thing in it in Mr. Trollope's own tale, " The Spotted Dog ;" but Mrs. Oliphant s story exhibits no of falling- off. Miss Austen's life and works are reviewed with somewhat less favour than usual ; nor does Mr. Gladstone's Irish bill, though coldly commended, meet here with such a welcome as it has usually received from the Liberal Press. The essay on Bishop Philpotts and the review of Mr. Collins's classical abridgments are very clear and interesting. The Gentleman's Magazine contains a long blank verse ' Powney the author of "Festus," entitled "The Mystery of Life, It is a sonorous rhapsody, in which genuine ' poetic enthusiasm maintains a doubtful strife with the disadvantages of involved style, impure devotion, and defective versification. The most interesting of the miscellaneous papers are " Franco's " observations on gastronomy, and the notice of "Ismael Fitzadam," the assumed name of John Mackie, a once admired, but now forgotten, contributor to the albums and annuals of half a century since. His poetry is not original or powerful, but is by no means uninteresting, and the few floating glimpses we obtain of the author are even more so, _ The Britannia has several smart papers on topics of social interest. and a really thrilling ghost story. The intermin- able Major Blake is still at his autobiography, which continues to rise, in spite of its prolixity. One phrase strikes us as particularly neat :-.' I became superficially enamoured of Miss Pendieren." The Argosy, as usual, has some very pretty and clever short stories. We can only find room for an acknowledgment and a general commendation of Belgravia, the Dublin University' the Monthly Packet, the Victoria Magazine, London bocieUj, Good Words, Leisure Hour, Sunday Magazine. 