THE TREASURER'S NIGHTMARE. [Air-" Unfortunate Miss Bailey."] The Treasurer lay in bed one night But vainly sought for slumber ; He turned to left, he turned to right, He tried his flocks to number He thought upon his" colleagues queer ; He thought upon his chances of holding office through the year, And settling our finances. Oh, luckless Treasurer ! Our energetic Treasurer.! He had a fright That dismal Right, Which scared the luckless Treasurer. The lamplight just at twelve o'clock Began to burn quite lively When troops of figures round did flock with jest? and gibes unruly ; They danced before him on the bed, They scrambled up the valances ; Until the biggest of them said, " Behold the Unpaid Balances ! Oh luckless Treasurer ! You can't disown us, Treasurer ! Till to redeem Us all you scheme, We'll haunt you, luckless Treasurer." .' Avaunt, dread figures," then he cried, And used a strong expression; "You needn't swear," the ghost replied, " Well haunt you through the session. For know our ghosts both great and small, Until were paid must wander, Because the cash to clear us all The Parliament did squander. Oh, luckless Treasurer ! With cash so scanty, Treasurer, To find a way Our ghosts to lay No-doubt will plague you, Treasurer. V tra jaws Communication with the Planets. Charles Cross calls the attention of the French Academy to a means of communicating with the inhabitants of the planets. He states, the Scientific Review says, that this might be done by sending rays of light from parabolic reflect" ing mirrors to the said planets, so as to produce a set of intermittent Telegraphic signals, which would easily be understood. He endeavours to prove that such spots of light would be easily visible on Venus or Mars, and he alludes to certain bright spots on these planets which several astronomers have observed at various times, and which may be telegraphic signals that are being sent to us by the inhabitants of Venus and Mars I By all means let us repe- at once ! Apparatus for Saving Life at Sea. Capt. J. B. Stonner's invention of a new apparatus for saving life at sea was practically tried recently by Mr. and Mrs. Craddock. The London saloon steamboat the Albert Victor, after landing her passengers at Ramsgate, proceeded to sea with about 200 spectators. When the vessel had got about two or three miles out at sea, Mr. and Mrs. Craddock equipped themselves with the life-belt and oil-skin suits, and, each taking their tin-case jumped into the sea. While there they hoisted their signal flags, blew the fog and other whistles, fired off revolvers, sky-rocket, and roman candles, and exhibited white and red lights, the tin apparatus is capable of holding water, food, and other necessaries to last one person eight days. Both Mr. and Mrs. Craddock were found to be perfectly dry. _ Cause and Effects correspondent says that he was lately presented with a sample of tea from Fiji. He thinks it made him Fiji-tea 