T, the Editor of the Cornwall fhromrlc. Sill, -I would willingly leave to ' I'ro teslaul' llio u»k of replying to ?? HcrcaY nearly a week and finding that lie lias not ujjftin rlioscu to QpiH'ar, I fear Iil* Juih l;i|)ii'jd iutu ((uiuioonie. I too hiive no k'siro to nroluuc our corrocnoiidciiei' whifh t hunts lo 'Bcrea' lias rn»i A«. 'cneratod into fin angry worthless cunlro i-orsy) tut UiLTC is Bouirihiuff invitiu^. my even tempting, in tho i*ourleou»ly ix iiryssM though di*ciJedly utraii^ii re icious views of our myfiteriou s friend, wlio after lilandly tcUuic us lie would ht-al the wound ho has inflicted, by coii fe^iH? his fault, pncvi'ds tossy '?.^tcmi nt'thi'oloiiv liki1 riVhlciJis of twlilii'alCrovurn tnent are liable to be ?encrusto.!' with the rust of the past.' This he certainly cannot say of his own system. But I err; he will have nothing of ' systems.' His in a ' creed.' Well, then, nis creed can not ho liable to this failing, for. being so ticculiar lo himself it must have firsl seen the light when the light of reason dawuud upon uis mind, or at Uiat subsequent p'-riod whon afu-r ?' o irefuUy and pr.iy T fully ' perusing the sacred heriplurcs lu was able, by tlie fori'e of his own genius, to gleam from that sublime book, the creed of which he is enamoured. For ihe sauie reason I may rank it among the category of probabilities that when he passes into the grave which 1 hope shall not be for many many years, his creed l.wi after a very epn.-meral career will placidly !' give up tlio ghost' and return to tin rcion whence it re.vntlv emerged, lhat of non-existence. This is ull the more likely, if as some believe, Anti-Christ is even now making war on the banks of the Ebine. But of that Kvstem— or, to please him. that creed — wliich originally proccede.l from llic mind of tnid, ho will not *«.. thai it could be corrupted by Uie rust uf llie past, for the liund of ils Author still guards it bright and pure while it is com municated to men, tlie medium of I hul communication being worthy of Himself, and consequently free from error. Indeeil, tliat medium is none other Hum bis own ahcrished sjwuse, in whose custody or treasury the divine deposit of faith is just as safe, while she is militant among n fallen race, as when she passes into llic glory of her triumphant condition. This is the reason. He is bo imperative in en forcing submioBion to her, and in assuring us that if wo do not hear and obey her. our future prospects shall be no better than those of Iho hcathon— ' Ho who hcareth not the Church, let him be to thec as the hoathen and the pnbliean ;' and she gives us quite an ample OKSurance that sho cannot lead us astray when llic says she will leach us ' all truth,' or when He says-~' T am witb. you all day's, even to the consummation of the world.' h'c- ]-iyiug to Uio inquisitiveness of 'Pro- tostanl' as to what sect lie belong*. ' Bcrea' says ' that it ii of no momont ; ' and in order that the differences between ui may not be too wide, I shall here agree with liim, boning tbatoiher differences too may disappear as timo goos on. But when ho comes to tlie nice point in his oouimunication whore ho says Uie Sacred Scriptures, being the record of tho coun sel of God to Mien man, if man -would n\ . proacb thorn with an ' unbiassed mind,' thuy would bo a' euf cknfiy correct guide. I nm tempted lo sny, ' What u iiwuutaiii thai little uiom»yllublc 'if is ill the present ease.' ?? Berea' need only go an other stepaud say ' if' luun woul.l bch.-vc alllrtith.and do no evil, then even thai venerable record would be supcrlluous. Bui leaving ' if' aside, and taking uiatlors just us lliey ure, il is precisely because tiieutly so biassed thai he reouii ? he ui.l if another guide which will explain lu him hose passages of Sacred Writ which ure o hard lo be understood thai, us the Lpusllc says. Ihe unlearned un.l llu.lable ' Li' them lo their o»n d ? -uciion. is to tlie Other poil.lS ill Which, ,ll sonic SiV.litn.tnciesin'I.rjwrn'ings; ''think' iiiis' iia' 'not heeuden'ied on' ei'i'l!!-r Id' mi,. ''a'iiTC'wLu he'1 a',lvi»c'» -is readers, aud nil others, U. reject illoKelhcr tlie authority of the -li- 'iucly enstimted Church (for this s tlie in.aioi,,- ,,f being nothing ..f ' llie iyslenis ,. l,,it to go ut on.vv.ilh II per eellv ?i.i.l.iassediii.ud ' to Ihe Scriptures, ion 'does I,,, i.ol lit one,- see the iuiposi lili.y .,1 adopting Ihe cur ? iu'- ;csl-. To hnve recourse lo the S.icivJ 3iTi|itiiiv.»iili ,iieh perfect .lispostti.ni. sat ..nee i., lay a-i.le a fallen ualureuith is I'ra.lti.s and lo assume an lililiillen ialiin's n.it. Wuuld that it w ? pos.i- )lelo ,lo .o; I,,,; thopil ? I'll oller.'.l is. ?Jf.' s!a.!V'-i),',re,'i'.''''l'hey wviuhll.-ave'the lyhleius where I hey leave the Serilitures.' Here the ol'lvn-ivfuled charge is uguiu iint.,1 iil -the charge of hoslilily to hi. S.riplurFH ou llie purl of thai ancient 'hureli which embraced Ihe Clirisl.'lidoin ,1'tlie pa.l. uud einlin ? s two h.m.lrcl nillion souls of the pre.clit - that eliurcl, ivhieh Ioiij ages ago reverenllv reeeiv,-.! he sucrcd writ ings from the' hands of heir authors, whieli has since guar.led hem as Ihe apple of her eye. through llie larknessan.l llie light, the wars and the ,e,u:e of ]Ni I.) year... un.l from abieh, loo. .11 tho.c who now iHssess I hat divine ,-.- an'appearanc 'of truth l' ihe iii»in.iun.,n'. Uis not by groilliilless charges like this that the union we yearn forts lo be ut lai ? 1, This is rather u means of throw nig hack ' the li ? s and the in ? cms' of itTm ? iiinlishmeul.nliicli. 1 feel inclined i., Ihink. ' Uorea' would mil willingly do. 1 cannot help admiring his c.khI jukl^in.-iil on some points; for instiui.e, how dis creetly he steers his barque clear of llial hllle rock 'ccplm-.' He must have ...en thai to hover longer in lhat region «,,uld belosel -upon the r.«-ks' iii.b-.-l. The most curious— I feel inclined I., n1c.iti!!u'is'wh'er'e'hc says, ' If 'llie .pirn i. ilupand by th.- laying on of hands, il i ? rtaiiily.ifn v.-ry curious imlurc f.,r what one of the ordained or appointed call, li-ulh, un.ilhcr calls heresy. ICu ,1,-nlly ?ller.-a'isno a.lvo.-ulc for ' lh. buuL'.,u.il'll«n.U.' Nor. I' I tliml. I.' «'.ul.H.-a v..rv|ir.Niii-iug cjiidulak. lor .,,.-1. a ecrelnony, ,.n ace .ant of l.is ven ..vtraurlimiry ifewsonlh ? iller. The ? «,.^.,iiH... i...,«-i.i ... Il- will ^Mi .i- wonl ?-III1I-.-IU..I. lsli|..slappli.-..nl.-l in his case would be not 'a laying on ..f hand-.' hut a laying 'ii of stripes. l)f curse I would .'.igi!.-.! ? y n v.-ry v.-rv ,..nlle inllicl ion. for a mild r.,rui ..r Hi. been found eflicac oils. ' He who spar.'s the rod hal.-s hi. -on.'' As ' Der.-u' ha. volunleered an a-lvice, rcciiiincudiiii; all to ' leave the systems where they leave the .Scriptures.' 1 trust he is sullieieiitlv liberal to allow all ' Ab anlenduicnt '' r'^niihS,';;'' ''{'. 'w.^ii.'l bc'thisTiiy all means' 'on'l'inu.- to' r,-'a!l ihe .Scrip' ires 'carefully aii.l prayer fully,' but do uot einirely ignore the ,y. l'!.r'llicl'lii.'i'..ry''™r3l'l''''^- '-?'' IrLfATl'm^.l^'v.raiKr11!* iin'o'i'heV. w'il'l an'urd iufoniiutiun. A'uain. devote even a liltle lime I., llie study of the ? I'alh.-n..' those bright lamps lhat eulighleii the dnrkuess of pu,t ages, an. Uie obscure passage, of sacred mil. and aid the witnesses of the faith thai cusle.l in their ^P'-^ y1'^ «y ti~- ^^ riiairwVr^.iow.'l'iat then. is''li'Molii. .!!![' us u ?? sy.l.-in. ? n erccl. or a ehiirel ? .11 it what «.. will, which has .-Mste.l m .-very uge. and ha- be.n eqiii.l to everv l.n,eri;,.||cv. » ? downfall ha. l.vu pn ,liel..d alllousall.l and U-n times, y.-l 'shows no signs ,,f decay.' but i, -1,11 ' full of lit'.- and youthful ? vigour.' ' of winch llic dislinnuished Prok'sl.ml hi l.inan Maeaiihiv. Inmi whom 1 .|U ? suy, ?? .here is i'ioI. and Ih.-re never was. on Ibis earth, an iiisl.luliou so well de serving of examination.' and compared with whose antiquity he wiy» ' llie pnnl.le.l royal hou-s.-s ure hul of yes lenluv ' Pardon me, Sir, if 1 baiv trespassed I,., much on your kind indul .-euce. and 1 Khali ii.iw elo.e by n-kinc ?llerca' when those happy moments re turn, when he i ? urcfully un.l prayer fully' ellguged, not to forget one of the A H- Mil I J I N A L^ ' Cm...- -IP riiumr at MinoEi:.— Sonic unusual feutur™ a.. r.».^iii,.,t hi the reevnt invest ip.il ion nf a charge of l»n,'ai..j « m,,,]. tree. Il irppcar* from one of the local papers lhat a Imsliranpcr named Johnson was ap prclicn.lcd near ( tissilis, and escorted to Mudltce (or the Iiur|Kise of being loilpxxi in ganl. He was accompanied by a young woman who had been for some days living with l.i in us his wife, and who, it appears, hid uscl all her influeuM in penmajiiin him to abandon his evil ways; and we believe this adviee he determined to act upon at the time nf his apprehension. Upon arrival at u place collet H.juibira, about a mile from flludcec, .m a Hunday evening in May, 1HGK, a halt was made, and a person dis pilche 1 to Muitp/cc ui hrinft out the registrar for llie imrposc of niarrvinft* tlicm. This was done al llie urgent request of both p-mics, with ibe sanction of a genlleinau whos.* high Iieiicvolenl principles upon this occasion for a lime overcame his prudence. No blame js ntuicli.sl In the gentleman, whose character fur kiiiuiinss and morality i» of Ihe very hi|T|i...| ntau.Urd, uDd who enjovs the respect an. I . .teem nf all parlies. The bri.lc placed h.i mark lo the contract, and cave her plnee ol rcsi.luncc as Caalleroagh Ilivcr. After the is_'reiiiony was Jk- rforuied tlicy arrived in t-... n, and Johnson was immediately con v. icl lo piol, aii.l. haviiiK been c. ? ilted f.u irial, was tried at the ensuing tjuarlcr Sodium, when tic rcueivoJ il neiiLuncu o£ M rears' bard labour on ibe roads or other pub iii- yhitVb ol t.,e wlo»y, v,Uiv:h Kutum-e lie is mow Bcrvint;. In May of tliiF yrar t lie young woiimn contmotod nnoihcr niarriaio, which was duly snleniniml by a minister. At I he time of the Rccoiid mar riage, llie bcliuvcl lior first m;irriii^c wns, to ns« her own oxprenMon, *' wroiiR,' nnd she ;uvordinjjly pivo Iilt maiden name, atiruvi-rwl all thr quesLion* correctly, and made tlu* mveMiTy declaration. After the Itipsu of alirnit a month this nocond nioxria^c became the Ulilc talk of tlie town, the proper autlio riiirs moved (n tbc ra:iUer, and lliu youiin wnnia.il nnpeflred. on suuiiiiuns lit tlio police.' iiflUv. Mudgcc, W nnswer a charge of bipitny in contracting a second mar ririffe. liw fonner lmiband, Charles Johnson, lu'hig aliro. Tbc case oame on for hearing rcountly, Mr Clarke (for Mr Uniliribb) njinrannK far defendant. Tlicre was no ?loubt of both marriagea ba\ing been cclo bniLcd— the questiou Uicn anise an lo the validity of tho marriage with Johnson, and here Mr Clarke took the objection that the female not being a resident in Mic district, the pmccodingB of the rcgifitrar were illepil, and conaequentiy the marriage woa void. In this inntauco the femalo not being a resi dent witbtn Ibc district, the registrar ex ceeded tho power he was invested with, and, consequently, could not perform a legal niar riaRe, The matristratca, Mesirs. Warbur ton and TcbbuU, took tho same view of tbe case, and dismissed it. A Shofllold p»l»r rtatffl that 'tho last polinh to a picoo of cudory in t'tven by Uie hand of a Woman,' Tho same tnay W said of human cutiory, that ' Uie but poliM. to a young1 blade ii given by his mixing with female society,*' 'Halloal Bob, how are your Bobfwlio had bom tn gaol for debt for ioina month h past, atuwoed, ' Vary well, thank you ! but I havo boea in tronblo, you know/' ' \STiat trouble a'Vd yotxi' 'A trouble past in duranoo 1' 