FATHER HYACINTHE ON THE INFALLI- BILITY DOGMA. The following letter from Father Hyaeinthe has been j)ublishecl in the Journal des Debats : — "A very serious question is now presented to all Catholics. Ought they to adhere to the defiKition of the Infallibility of the Pope, or are they free to withhold their submission, to it ? Without doubt authoi'ity is the very character of our Church and the principle wliich governs our f.aith, but for that very reason it is import ant that we should distinguish between an apparent and a rc.al authority, between a blind and a reasoning and reflecting submission — llationahila obscqulum vnstrmn. Tiie question may, therefore, be thus defined. Is tlie authority of the Council of the Vatican lawful ? or, in other words, does the present Council possess the essential characteristics of an Qiicumenical Council ! The first of these characters is liberty. Now, notivithstanding the secrecy in which it has been sought to envelope the internal working of the Council, as though it wereof the nature of those otwhichthe Gospel speaks, which possesses an affinity ivith darltness, and which avoid the light from fear of boinffudged ut )wn an/uuiUiir opera, ejun, light has 3lre!ld.y, been cast upon it, and will be still more vividly apparent concerning it. The re peated pro ests of so niiiny illustrious prelates representing the most important aiid moat eii- ' lightened portions of Ciitholicity arc known, as is also their recent letter, at once firm and respectful, in Avhich, while maintaining their negiitive votes, they have explained their rc.osons for retiring from the dishonourable battle field. The world cannot be unaware of the absence of dignity, ,I ' may even say of serious consideration, with wliich the high' interests of the Faith have been treated by a;, majority which would not have been tolerated- ill the ancient Council, both on account of its factitious and illusory composition and its audacious oppression. Another condition, jnot less important than the racumenity of a Council, is that it should be recognised as such by the Church. The Council, in fact, had no mission to impose now beliefs upon the faithful, but to m.aintain, .and if needful to define, the ancient creeds. The Bishops are, above all others, wit nesses of the traditional and historic faith of their respective churches and of the Univers.al Church, and their sentence, as judges, limited in advance by the very nature of this testimony, can only be iironouiiced upon truths which have been accepted from the beginning, everywhere and always, as revealed — iiiiod semper f/uod nhique quod ah omnibus. If, then, they should happen to overstep their powers, the Church would not recognise its faith in the arbitrary work which they lAd accomplished, and the Council would remain without authority. Such cases are not unexampled, and to cite only one, history has recorded the names of Seleucias and Rimini, and the almost universal defection under which, to use the words of St. Jerome, the world groaned and was astonished to find itself Arian. The danger is no less at the present time, and if one of the most important members of the Council (Monsignor Kenrick) is to be believed, the Church has never known so great a peril. At such times it behoves even the humblest of Christians to uplift his voice in defence of his faith and the faith of all. For myself I feel myself inwardly compiled to fulfil that duty, and .as the prophet s.aid, — tn autmn animam fuam liberavisti. I jirotest, therefore, against the pretended dogma of the Pope's in- ifallibility, as it is contained in the deci-ec of the Council of Rome. It is because I .am "a Catholic and wish to remain such, that I refuse to admit as binding upon thc f.aithful a doctrine unknowi to all ecclesiastical .antiquity, which is ibsputed oven now by numerous .and eminent theologi.ans, .and which implies not a regular development but a radical change in the constitution of tlie Church and in the immut.able rule of its faith. It is bec.ause I .am a Christian .and wish to re main such, -tli.at I protest with all my soul against these almost Divine .attributes to a man who is presented to our faith — I was about to say our avorship, .as uniting in his person both the domin.ation which is opposed to the spirit of that Gospel of avhich he is the minister, and to the infallibility avhich is rejnignant to the clay from which, like ourselves, he is formed. One of the most illustrious predecessors of Pms IX., St. Gregory the Great, rejected as a sign of anti-Christ "the title of Universal Bishop avhich av.as offered to him. J "What avould he lyive said to the title of Infallible Pontiff '! On the 27th of September last ye.ar I avrote the folloaving lines concerning the Council then about to assemble: — " If apprehensions, avliich I do not avish to share, should be re.alised — if the august assembly should have no more liberty in its deliber.ations th.an it had iii its preparations— if, in one avord, it should be depria'ed of the essen tial characteristic of an CEcumeuical' Council, I avould call upon God .and upon men to summon one really summoned by the Holy Ghost, not in a party spirit — one representing really the Uni versal Church, and not the silence of some .and the oppression of others," I ag.ain utter that cry. I ask for a truly free and QScumenical Council. And, .aboa'c all, noav .as alavays, I ap peal to God.' Man has been poaverlcss to pro cure the triumph of truth and ju.stice. May God arise and take his c.ause in hand and decide it ! The Council, avhich shr.uld h.aa-e been a avork of light and peace, has deepened the dark- ness and unchained discord among the religious avorld. War replies to it as a terrible echo in the social aa'orld. War is one of God's scourges but in inflicting n chastisement may it also pre pare a remedy ? In saveeping away the .ancient edifice niay it not prepare the ground upon avhich the Divine spouse of the Church shall construct the ueav Jerusalem ? " Freue. Hyacinthe. " I'ari.s, July 30." 