EXECUTION OK BOSS. j Tai orimioal, Donald Rou, connoted st the lagt .»¡tea for the morder or George Bose, at ' Springsure, wa* executed in the Rockhampton Gaol yesterday morning at eight o'clock. He bad previously made a full eonfeaaion of his guilt. Soon after 7 a.m. Ber. J. Carson attendes the prisoner, and remained with him till the last. By hair-paat »even the Depot; Sheriff, W. H. Wiseman, Esq.; the Health Officer, Dr. Salmons ; the Police, under Sub-Inspector Elliott, and other ofSoiala had arrived. About thirty persona who had obtained tickets «ere admitted et a quarter to eight, end assembled ta the, oourt-yard in front of the gallows. At seven minutes to eight the bell was tolled, and the priaoner appeared with his anns livid. The procession to the callo we waa headed by Hutton the hangman ¡ Kev. James Carson, the officiating clergyman, followed, reading suitable passage* of scripture . nett came thc condemned man, guarded by a warder on each aide, Bod one behind htm. On arriving at the foot of tbe scaffold, Ber. Mr. Carson prayed with Bose, who vms muoli agitated, and teemed to join earnestly in tbe prayer.. Af eight o'clock Boss ascended the steps, trembling greatly, ead being led by one of tibe gaolers, Bev. ItryOaraon follpwing. On reaching the platform, the rope was adjusted round his neck by thé executioner, and he then addressed the epeotatora in the following brief, «entendes: ? "My dear friends, let thia be a. warning to yon,_ May God have mercy on all your seule." 'And ? Iben; in ? a tromutya voice, leavoely audible, »aid :-." O Lord, my God, unto thee I commend my spirit ttaii morning. Loot UDOU a Door miserable. sinner, O Lori God, hare mercy upon toe, and pardon all my , eine." Tita white cap wat then drawn down over nit face, and tied round the neck. Ber. J. Carson again prayed, standing beside the condemned, man, saying, " Into thy merciful hands, O Lord, we commend the soul of this thy serrant, now about to depart from the body. Receive bim, ire humbly beseech thee, into thé arms of thy mercyjlnto the glorious society of the. saints in Heaven. Amen." Then, taking Bose oy the hand, the minister continued : *' God the Father who hath created thee. God the Son who hath redeemed thee, God the Holy Ghost who hath infused His Grace into thee, be now and evermore with thee g esiist tbee in this thy last trial, and bring thee to everlasting life. Farewell." The minister shook bands with him, and retired.. The executioner finally adjusted the rope,' mored off the platform, knocked out the bolt, and the unfortunate man fell to á depth of ten feet,'tbe head striking the back of the scaffold'in tbs full, and the body afterwards swaying to and ifro for a few minutes. There was no sign of a struggle visible to the majority of the bystanders, but one or two who were close to the scaffold {»eroeived a slight twitching of the legs, doubt ess caused merely by contraction, of the muscles. Tlie oody hung for a full half-hoar,1 and Dr. Salmond haring felt the pulse and pro. nounced the man dead, the body waa cut down by the hangman, and placed in the coffin. The visitors after signing the certificate in the usual faro, that deceased had come by his death Pf the hands of justice, retired. The face was very rauoh discoloured, and blood coxed from tbs mouth. Th« corpse was then, removed to the cell which had been occupied by deceased, and a post mortem examination was made by Dr. Salmon end Or. Thon. It wai found that tbs1 neck wai completely dislocated, and death must hero been instantaneous. The lid of the coffin, was fastened down, and at nine o'clock, Mr. Tucker, the undertaker, arrived, and the remains were conveyed to the Cemetery, and interred, Rev. Mr. Carson attending, and reading tbs funeral service. It must be satisfactory to the jory, and all concerned in the trial and execution of Ross, to hare his own admission as to his guilt. In bis case, there hos been no miscarriage of justice. From the Rev. Mr. Carson we learn that Ross was a native of Scotland, county of Sutherland-, shire, parish of Farr, Beauty Hill. His mother ia still alive, and Ross, shortly before his death, requested Mr. Carson to write to her. Ross said bis father died when he wes very young, end he did not remember anything of him., .Ho», serer admitted his guilt, until after Mr. Wiseman communicated to him the tele- gram fixing the day for the execution. Tho day afterwards, Boss said to Mt. Sheehy, the Governor of the öaoL fas wished Mr. Carson there. He wanted to say that Jimmy Ab Nee wss not guilty. He himself committed the murder. This statement waa put in writing and Mr. Carson sent for. The convict then made what he called a full statement i andona subsequent occasion lie sent for Ur. Carton and made soother statement, correcting the prenons one as to the poisoning. Boes vas en intelligent man, and waa favoured with a religious education. During the whole time of IIÍB confinement in gaol, be waa very anxious for reading religious boolla, especially the Bible. Since he heard that the day waa flied. for Iiis execution, he appeared very penitent, and wes very anxious for instruc- tion from hie spiritual adviser. Mr. Wiseman had ordert from Brisbane that Bon wu not to ' be edlowed to make a speech on the scaffold. Sosa thought this very bard, and asked, Would he not be fellowed to «ey,- Good-bye? . Mr. 1 I Wiseman showed bim the telegram, telling him he could tay Goodbye if ha liked. Ber. Ur. Canon attended Boss throughout iris imprison- ment. He was *i& him^qn.Sunday night «pto j twelve o'clock, and was* with him again et seven o'clock on the morning of tbe execution. Mr. Carson thinks there is goodxeason to hope that Ross was truly penitent. He trusted in God for Christ's take for forgiveness, and. ecknow- I Jedged that he could not do anything of himself, j He bad »ot s full assurance of faith, but be ! trusted in Oed, «nd hoped eonfidently that God j would forgive him. He waa very quiet during bis imprisonment and said irery little. Under the new regulations, prisoners under sentence of death are left alone in confinement, and not guarded bye warder as formerly. The result is, in Boss'a case, that no communications were made except to the Governor of tbe Gaol or to Bev. Mr. Carson. With tbe permission of Mr Wiseman, we append the several statements made by Boss since his trial. 