London Correspondence. London, 3rd December, 1S69. The Queen's Visit to the City. Monday, the Oth Koreniber will stand as a great day in lie annals of the City of London. The Queen visited the city for the fourth time during her reign, and marking an interval of eighteen years since the citizens were similarly honoured, but the presence of her Majesty was not so much appreciated for this special occasion as tor tne indication it gave of breaking through her lengthened retirement from public ceremonies, which has so long been tht subject of comment, and even dissatisfaction. Great preparations \rcro made for the opening of the new bridge at Blnckfriars, but the form was made as brief as possible. Tho Lord Mayor met her Majesty upon the bridge, and presented au address without reading it. The purport of the document was to welcome her Majesty, and explained that the growing traffic of the city rendered increased accom modation necessary, and that such had been provided by the construction of the new bridge and vinduct. Altnougn not reRd, an answer to tne aauress was returned — but not read. It expressed her Majesty'? pleasure at again visiting tho City of London, and recognised the spirit of enter prise and improvement which had over characterised the citizens. An illuminated book, containing an account of the bridge, was tfforod to and accepted by tho Queou. A proces sion was formed and moved through tho city towards the viaduct. Upon the Queen's arrival there, a volume, descriptive of that wonderful and useful construction, was presented, and her Majesty passed over in a western direction. Some idea of the time ocDupied in getting through this introduc tion of public impruVL'iiienls may bo gathered from the fact that the Quoen arrived in London at half past 11 o'clock, and left Paddingtou for return to Windsor at 1.15 p.m. Notwithstanding the visit was so short, the warmest welcome greeted her Majesty, find she Seemed to have been greatly pleased with thu recep tion she received. The late Lord Major Lawrence has been rewarded with a baronetcy. New Blacki'iuais Biiiuge. Tho new Ulai.kfriars Bridge just opunod consist* of a five aruheo of wrought iron, Eurmomik-d by -i richly adorned cornice aud open wood parapet, lhr: centre arch being 186 feet spun, the two mtornu. diate arches each 175 foot e;ich, and the two siJo arches each 155 feet span. The piers are of pi-aiiii-.-. Tim width of the bridge is 75 feet, divided into two foot paths of 15 feet each, and a carriage road of i'- feet. The viaduct gives a level road from Xowgate street to Holbom, and in a marvellou.s .uri.inilish ment in modem improvements. The depth of the valley, now so easily crossed, is bsst iindcrsluod by a glance from the inussivc bridge over Faningdon street; and wo wonder only so much good )i;id not been effected long since, for we learn that nine years ago 29,770 persons passed up and down Holboru Hill during twelve hours in one day; and four years Inter the number of vehicles passing up and down in one day was 9134. Holbukx Viaduct. The viaduct was scarcely brought into use before great interest was excited by the discovery of cracks in the granite pillars supporting the bridge over Furringdon-street. Defects have beeu admitted, but an official examination results in a report to the Court of Council that there is not tho slightest danger of tho safety and security of the ijridgi;'bcin-» impaired. Tim iuvo'ti^iition continms. but (hf traffic is not in any way impeded. Otheii City Isiphovemenk. (Sonic idea of other city imptjvements may e gathered from the amounts raised by tho Corporation of London within the last few years: — Thu ikiv Meat and Poultry Jlarlcot has cost £l,--00,000 ; tho purchase of .Southwnrk Bridge, £205,000 : rebuild ing Blackfrinrs Bridge, £350,000 ; aud the Holbom ValW Viaduct and approaches, £2,100,000. L«Ki) SfAVOK's Day. November is the month when civic dignitaries Live to be the show and gaze o' the time. Tho retiring Mayor won his honours within a few days of Ids ceasing to be My Lord, and left the chair to liis successor, who, if he aspires to a title, must invent a device to catch it before his tur;i arrives, to anticipate obscurity. The Lord Mayor's day afibrded the usual metro politan sight for rising Whittingtons, but was some wliat marj-ed by the copious showers of cold water poured upon it by nature; but notwithstanding thi.i the accession of Alderman Beslry to civiu power passed ofl' most sslisfoctorily. Mr. Gladstone waa present at the banquet giveu in the ovi'iiinu. ;nnl spoke of Ireland in terms that are remarkable fur doleful ;.nd mournful confession. Slit. Gladstone's Speech. !!.? said : ' My Lord Mayor, — You have been told, and told truly, by my noble aud learned friend near me (the Lord Chancellor) of that harmony and unity which pervade tho minds of those among whom we live, ard it is a satisfaction and comfort to think that in this island, of which nearly the whole of- its arc natives, but one sentiment prevails with respect to the Sovereign, the laws, and the institu tions of the country. But do not let us seek a false consolation in bimliiur ourselves to that ! Let us but cross tho channel towards that island with which we have been so long united in political and legislative bonds, ami to which we are hound by all the most sacred obli gations; and how melancholy it in that in the face of this great assemblage — in the fncoof those representa tives of foreign countries, whose commendations of us have been so eloquently expressed to-night — we should be compelled to confess that in Ireland, which vc have governed for several hundred years, over which wo have exercised at every period almost an unbounded power, we have not yet fulfilled tho very first conditions of a civilised and well- conditioned community, and have not yot brought the peoples hc.ut into harmony with our laws and institutions That is the1 simple fact which leads me to feel witr rauted in saj-ing that a.s all Governments must rely on \ our encouragement :md beg your forbearance, wu must, above all, tender to you tins requisition. We have been called into office in connection with Hint important crisis in the affairs of Ireland— that crisis iii which the mind of the people of this country is now addressed more seriously than per hu|i* it ever was before, dealing with that problem — and making manful and rosoluto endeavours to so.- whether it may not at last be in our power to put an end to that which has been the opprobrium, the speck, on the fair fame of this country in the sight of the world for so many generations. In Ireland, my Lord Mayor, we must not disguise it, we perceive 'a state of 'society politically diseased— a people of noble capacity, of quick suteoptibililies, whose heart notwithstanding, in too many cases, docs not beat with that warm ami lively attachment, cither to the authoratativc law which we so familiarly and f,o gladly recognise on thi» side of the channel. Now, my ' Lord °Mayor, painful as it is to confess it, but I think if English men have a merit it is that they never seek to hide what is faulty in their condition, either from them selv-M or others ; painful as it is to confess it, we are bound to confess that oven this very year has been marked in Ireland by a sad augmentation of those agrarian outrages which, occurring as they do in a country singularly free from a general tendency to crime, acquire :i painful notoriety, and strike at 'the heart of Knglishmcu a deadly chill. What may be the causes of this increase of' outrage F It might be prenntme and it would be difficult to say ; but one thing I know, and I would con vey it to the minds of those who are connected with those sad atrocities ; let not those who perpe trate them suppose that that is the path by which they are to attain to success or legislation for tho re moval of grievances. On the contrary, everyone who lifts his liand to harm his neighbour in Ire-land at this moment is not only, as he always was, merely guilty before God and man, but he 'is, before ail things and above all things, the enemy of the be.-t interests of Ins country. My Lord Mayor, we are glad and thankful to be cheered on by you in what we all must feel to be a noble task, while we do not disguise our inadequacy to its due performance, namely, the endeavour to' give to this country that strength and unit)- which in a large portion of the community it already possesses, but which we have still to deplore in considerable part. Ireland still forms a dread and mfhncholy exception. For thn' end we shall labour, encouraged and cheered bv ih' generous support we have received at the hands of our fellow- countrymen.' The Ibish Diffictliy. Such a lachrymose introduction lit a festive cele bration evidently proves, the ghost present to the Premier a vision oven at the banquet. Bein-* no Macbeth, he might with truth have sari— Thou can'st not say I did it ; never shake TUjr gory locks at me. That Ireland is the ghost of the present Adminis tration it would be impossible to deny. The- dis establishment of the Irish Church was a step in the right direction, but the increase of disaffection amon.T the Irish people is used as an argument bv the Opposition against his measures. His difficul ties give rise to exultation among his enemies ; but if places were changed at the present crisis, what could they do to minister to the minds of society politically diseased?' -'?'-- '??'??'? The 3Teni*k$. The refusal of the Government to release the Fenians now in prison has divided their advocates into two parties. One is for giving up the' agita tion for the present, and the other for continued exertion. Tho English Amnesty Association have made a decided blunder in endeavouring to press tlimi. Mnfla liv.-ariflilinlHiTiP1 t.hn nwAniift Hnrivprl from the consumption of tobacco. They advise the people of Ireland to abstain from the use of several excusable articles, and most particularly tobacco. It is proposed to abstain from the use of tobacco in any form until all the political prisoners ah nil be released from custody. The Fenians believe they h&76 achieved a great victory in the election of Jeremiah O'Donovan llossa as member for Tipperary, but the success can only be regarded as i nominal. It is estimated that there are 10,800 voters in the county, but only 1132 votes were recorded for ' Rossa,' and 1030 for the other candidate, Mr. Heron. Many voters saw no necessity for going to tho poll, and others are be lieved to have absented themselves from fear of violence. It is understood that the conviction of 'Rossa' for treason-felony in 1865, and present im prisonment, must disqualify him from sitting in Parliament, although his name has been officially announced in the Gazette. Nevertheless the election has given excuse for the wildest excitement and demonstration. 'Rossa' was declared elected by tho High Sherriff at Cloninel, on the 27th N ovcinber. A Mr. Gill returned thanks for ' Rossa,' and said the election was intended to show Mr. Gladstone the indignation of Tipperary at his refusal to release the Fenian prisoners, and added ' Liberate our brothers, send llossa back with the olive branch, and we will throw them back again the seat for Tipperary ; if not, we will go from county to county, we will put in Luby and Mulcahy, until we have materials for a real Irish Parliament.' Itis stated that ' Kirkhan),' one of the liberated convicts, is to be put in nomina tion for Mallow, when Mr. Sullivan goes to tho vacani s°at on the bench in the Rolls Couit, and that Captain Mackay, who is still in prison, will be pro posed for Longford. A demonstration, in honour of the memories of A Dun, Larkine, and O'Brien, executed for the murder of Sergeant Drett at Manchester, has been observed in Dublin and Cork. Those who took part in the commemoration wore green ribbons and other national emblems. Murder and dastardly attacks are still of frequent occurrence. King Leopold's Visit to England. Leopold, King of the Belgians, was very warmly received on the occasion of his visit to Eng land. ' An nddrc.-:s of welcomo, signed by 300 Mayors, Lord Lieutenants, and other authorities, \v:is presented to his Majesty at Buckingham Palace. An address of Yuluntopr commanding nffip.prs has al-o been presented, and a banquet was given in his honor by the Lord Mayor, at the Mansion House. Bll'.TH 01' A PlilNCESS. Tho Princess of Wales gave birth to a daughter on Friday, the 2Glh ultimo. The family of the Prince ui Wales now consists of two sons and three daughters. New Peeus. Eight new poors have been gazetted. The title of the Earl of Southosk in the peerage is Baron Balinhard ; Earl of Listowel, Baron Hare ; Lord Edward Howard, Baron Howard ; Right Hon. J. W. Fitzpatrick, Baron Castletown ; Sir J. D. Acton, Baron Acton ; Mr. Piobartes, Baron Robartes ; Mr. G. C. Glyn, Baron Wolverton; Colonel Grevillo Nugent, Baron Greville. St. Pas'ciias Wohkuoube Disclosukes. A very painful investigation, made before Dr. Lankeslcr, the coroner, has elicited evidence tend ing to show how death has been accelerated by the condition of the sick wards of St. Pancnis Work house. The testimony of witnosses proved that the wards were overcrowded and badly ventilated. The jury gave a verdict to that effect, and expressed an opinion that the infirmary had boon overcrowded during thelast throe years, and desired toexpress their regret that the Poor Law Board have not enforced the sanitary measures which they have from time to time recommended to bo carried out ; and they also feel that tho Board of Guardians failod in their duly towards the parishioners of St. Pancras in not carrying into effect the recommendations of the Poor Law Board. It is understood that the authorities will now comply with the suggestions of the Poor Law Board. Mn. Piuhotjv'f Death and Fvxeual Ceremonies. All (hat remains with us of him who loved his fellow-man, and lived to see how much good could be done while a man holdB his life and gold at the same time, has been treated with well deserved reve rence and respect. Tho body of George Pcabody was placed in a temporary grave in Westminster Abbey on tho 12lh of last month. Church and Dis sent gathered under the same roof to do him honour. Tho Queen showed her anxiety by proposing a per sonal visit to him at his residence, but lie sank before her Majesty's intention could be earned out. The funeral procession was followed by a long line of carriages, including thoso of the Queen, the Prince of Wales, the Lord Mayor, the Sheriffs and Under Sheriffs, Sir C. Lampson, Mr. Charles Kced, M.P., Miss Burdett Coutts, tho American Blinistcr, Lady Frunldm, the Duchess of Somerset. Mr. Charles Reed, M.P., and Sir Curtis Litmpson wcro the chief mourners. Tho eofiin was met at the door of the Abbey the Kev. Lord John Thynne, tho Sub-dean, the Rev. Canon Nepean, Archdeacon Jennings, and the choir. After the first portion of the service had been read the procession reformed, followed by the Priine Minister, Lord Clarendon, General Grey, Mr. Helps, the Lord Mayor, and Shorifls. The portion of the burial service appointed to be rend at tho grave was delivered by the Rev. LordJ. Thvnno, and appropriate pieces per formed by the choir. A beautiful cross of white camelias had been placed upon the coffin as it lay in the grave, the plate on tho same bearing the inscrip tion :— ' George Peabody, Esq., born 18th Febru ary, 1795, at Danvors, Massachusetts. Died in London, November 4, 18C9.' A telegram by Atlantic cable states that during the time of Mr. Peabody's funeral in London, demonstra tions of mourning were made in Boston and other American cities. Tho Bishop of London preached a funeral sermon at Lho Abboy in memory of tho deceased on tho 14th ultimo, before a large congregation. It is intended to remove the remains of this worthy philanthropist to Portland, in tho State of Maine ; and for this honourable office her Majesty's ship Monarch, a turret ship, has been selected. She is of the most recent construction, aud is probably tho most powerful vessel in the uuvy. Tho vessel will be joined by ships of the Amorican squadron, and is expected to sail on the 8th instant. In creed the Congrcgationalits claim Mr. Peabody as a member of their order ; in benevolence every man could claim him as a lover of his kind, ana recognize in him one who held out his hand, until he could close it no longer. Notwithstanding liis liberal gifts during his lifetime it is understood that his executors (Sir Curtis Lampson and Mr! Charles Reed) are to pay over to the trustees of the Teabody Donation Fund for tho dwellings for the poor of London the sum of £150,000 making the whole amount given by him for the purpose £500,000. Wo cordially echo the prayer of the London Mrdical Tivm and Gazette, ' Heaven rest his soul, and send us many like him.' Obituary. The death of Viscount Canterbury is recorded, and tho death of Mr. Justice Hayes, junior Judge of tho Court of Queens bench, is announced. Also that of Jliidame Grisi, tho celebrated simmer, is reported; she died ut Berlin after a few days' illness, arising from inflammation of the lungs. Tidings or Dit. Livingstone. At the opening meeting of the Royal Geonrnphi eal Society, on the nth November, Sir 'Robert Miirchisou read some very interesting letters from Dr. Livingstone, dated July, 1868; but since the meeting a telegram from the Governor of Bombay hu, been received by the Secretary of State for India, dated Bombay, November 22 :— ' Letters received fioni D:\ Livingstone, d;ited Ujiji, 13th May, 1SG9; satiafaetorv.' Zealous Religious Movement. A series of church services, intended to produce a species of revivalism, by no minus uncommon as a practice among some dissenting bodie3, have been held in the metropolis. These special services have be'Conie popularly known as ' the twelve day3 mission,' and as a mode of stirring up religious zeal are reported to have been productive of good results. Some of the churches have, however, been exhibitions of extremes that are repugnunt to Protestants. The services at St. Alban's wero remarkable, par ticularly at the close, for such extremes. A portion of the church was set apart at an evening service for penitents who presented themselves to renew their baptismal vows. -'We aifoidthatrsftcr some confessions had been heard at a small box in the corner of the church a sermon was preached and; the special object of the service, was explained. Candles were blessed at the altar. Shortly ajft^ lighted candles of thin 'yHx-. were brought .«ut, $nd; |ach penitent,. to the number, of nearly five iiundred, men and women, held one of them while a peniten tial hymn was sung. The minister, addressing the benifcents, said: — 'This is hi&eed.; a happy :, time. Vou arc in the presence of God, . and stana iiKe virgins wu*Q uicir lamps .imnni64 He then said, very slowly and solemnly :— ' Do you here, in the presence of God and His congregation, renew the solemn promise and yow that was made in your name at your baptism, rati fying and confirming the same in your own persons, ind icknowleding yourselves bound to believe and to do all those things which your godfathers and godmothers then undertook for yon.' To thiB there was aloud response of 'I do; 'and the other ques tions were answered in an equally determined man ner. After this the clergyman went to the altar, and was vested in a splendidly embroidered cape. He wasjoined by others. A procession, accompanied by banners, moved round the church, the 500 men and boys, women, and children following, and each carry ing a lighted candle and singing the appointed hymns. When tho clerical part of the procession had reached the chancel, and tho penitents had re gained their placeB, the blessing was pronounced, and the candles having been simultaneously blown out, tho congregation dispersed. Ecclesiastical Matteks. We are likely to have a Sufiragan Bishop in Lon don — the first for 200 years — on the application of the Bishop of Lincoln* The Dean and Chapter of Exeter have elected Dr. Temple by a majority of 13 to 6. The Ecv. Henry Haymanhus been appointed to the head mastership of Rugby School. A correspondence botween the Bishop of Lincoln and Dr. Temple has been published, in which the Bishop of Lincoln asks him to disclaim all responsi bility for the book (Essays and Reviows), except so far as his own part of it is concerned, and make a declaration of his faith. The spirit of Dr. Temple's reply is no retraction. He says : ' If 1 was to agree to what you demand, I should lay myself open to fresh demands.' A very soverc illness seized his Grace the Arch bishop of Canterbury on the 19th ultimo, and for , several days the greatest anxiety was manifested. u.e' JJ3 iiu«, jiu^u* tr, Luiunuureu uul Ul uimyej, ojju IB slowly recovering. The fficuirBNiCAL Council. The Pope has written another letter upon the subject of the attendance of those who dissent from him in faith at the (Ecumenical Council. Ho ' learns that some of those who dissent from our faith have so understood those words (referring to lotter of September last) as to believe that no way is left open to them of making known the difficulties which keep them separated from tho Catholic Church, and that almost all approach to us is cut off. But so far are wo, the vicars upon earth, although unworthy of Him who came to save that which was lost, from repelling them in any way whatever, that wo even go forth to meet them ; and nothing do wo seek for with more ardent wishes than to be able to stretch out our aims with a father's love to any one who shall return to us, and never certainly have wo wished to impose scheme upon those who, misled by their edu cation, and believing their opinions to be right, think that their dissent from us rests upon strong arguments which they would'wisli to be examined by wise and prudent men. For although this cannot be done in the Council, there will not be wanting learned divines, appointed by ourselves, to whom they may open their minds, &c.;' Victok Emmanuel. TIip Kino- nf Ttfliv. Vintnr 'EniTiijiTiiipi. has hfifin suffering from au alarming illness, and was believed to be so near his endas to require the services of a con fessor. It is said that the priest, before absolving the King, told him that it was necessary he should mako abjuration of the offences which ho had committed against the church. His Majesty replied — ' As a Christian, I have lived in the fiuthof my forefathers, and am prepared to die in the same ; as a King, imitating tho example of my forefathers, I have done what my conscience as a sovereign commanded me to do for my country. I have always distin guished my obbgations as a King from niy duties as a Christian. Ab a King I have no abjuration to make. Tho priest confused by this reply, administered tho Sacrament, but on his return to Pisa he was blamed, and enjoined on pain of Church censures, to return to San Rossoro, and demand tho abjuration. Tho priest obeyed, and retumod to tho couch of the King, and delivered his message. Tho King replied, ' If you come hero to speak to a Christian of his approaching end, I will listen to you with calmness and with gratitude; but if you require to speak about politics, my Ministers aro in the next room.' At one period the condition of the King was supposed to leave no hope of recover)' ; but he is now so far restored that he has been able to leave for Florence, where he was received with groat enthusiasm. The Fuencu Political Situation. The French Chambers were opened on the 29th ultimo by the Emperor in person. Liberal measures are promised, but the programme is not sumptuous. M. Rochcfort was arrcstod on the Belgium frontier, when entering French territory, in order to appear, lmexpectedly, at a meeting at Belleville as a candi date for Paris. The Emperor's pleasure having been ascertained, release and safe conduct was made out for him during the whole delivered by M. Rocheford show him to be an irre concilable ; indeed, he is said to have declared that he should merely take the oath of allegiance to the Fjnpire to overthrow it for a Republic. He has been elected. Ledra Rollin refused to take the oath to the Emperor, and withdrew from the election. The Ckown of Si-ain. There is no important movement in Spain. Tho Government appear uncertain what course should be adopted. It is said the Duke of Genoa would not accept tho Crown. The Oi'enino or the Suez Canal. The opening of the Suoz Canal on the 17th ultimo was a great success. Tho Viceroy, tho Empress of the French, the Austrian Emperor, the Princess of Prussia, and the various national representatives were present. Largo vessels havo boon passed through from sea to sea.. M. Lcsseps has been crowned with honours; religions ceremonies were hold, and everything was a triumph. The com mercial part of this gigantic undertaking now stands for test. The coat of construction is enormous. The maintenance will involve a great expense. How is the toll on vessels to support it in future i. Thii fiiiitnti tros tint. T^i*fl«;n«+. .if. -lm AnnMi,in- s\f i]\t\ Canal. Tho Sultan and the Khedive havo not come to terms. An ultimatum is spoken of with ten days for consideration. The Levant Herald gives the text of the Viceroy's roply to tho last letter of tho Grand Vizier. It seems respectfully to urge that tho point relating to the authorisation of loans should bo reconsidered, as it would be prejudicial to Egypt. WllECK Ol- THE EoYAi StaNUABD. News of the wreck of the Royal Standard, bound for Melbourne, has reached here. She cleared out from Gravosend on the 12th August last, with about 28 passengers, making with tho crew about 80 per sons in all. The vessel was dismasted on the 30th September. She was put under jury-masts, and the captain steered with tho intention of reaching Rio Janeiro ; but just before daylight on Sunday, the 10th October, and when they supposed themselves far from land, the ship suddeiily stranded on a sand bank running from twenty to thirty miles off Cape St. Thome, about 150 miles from Rio. There was only one boat (the cutter), and the captain decided on sending the women and children ashore, as they could see a long low coast of sand about six miles off, called tho Varago. Twenty-three persona left in the cutter, but a line of breakers prevented their landing, and it was found impossible to regain tho shin. On their beachinor the boat. Mrs. Dum melt and her five daughters and Mrs. Lawrence and Mrs. Stoddart were drowned. After much toil and suffering over about fifteen miles of arid sand, the remainder reached a miserable nogro hut, and by the negro wore on the following day taken to the estate and residonce of the Viscountess Azamamo, through whoso hospitality they reached Macalie on the morning of tho 13th October. Captain Clarke, wife, and child, and twenty -one of the passengers and crew were taken off the wreck by the Brazilian brigantinc Camponeza; and another portion of the crew and passengers found their way to Rio Janeiro on the Portuguese ship Amjlia. Tho captain of the Amelia ordered a second attempt to rescue those still on tho wreck, and sent hU long boat and nine Portuguese, two of the crew of the Royal Standard volunteering ; but this boat did not succeed in getting alongside the wreck, fir Jbc captain of the Amelia was forced by his passengers to haul awayfrom the edge of the bank, and conse quently had to abandon not only the wreck, but bis own men nfihifboat. ^ 'Fortunately, QTe boat fouad a safe landing on the Hth. . The remainder of tlie crew and passengers, twelve in number, left Hue wreck on a raft; the raft was blown- out seaward, - fliey were exposed all one .night,1 to a cold rain -with lieavy Seas occasionally breaking over' them; in fie looming they were fortunately taken .up 'byaBra- zilian schooner, carried. to Ipaponna, and landed;, fromtnence taken oni to Rio Janeiro, and, lastly, .brought to Falmouth and landed'from the Brazilian mail steamer City -of limerick. ? The Government colonial policy is exciting much discussion in the London papers, and meetings have been held deprecating the present mode of legislating upon the subject. 