CHAPTER IV. The contracts were signed, the ceremony was over, the pair blessed by the good -simple-hearted priest, the Baroness heard her daughter called-"Dire Gnaden die Frau Grafinn" with joy, the Baron had nearly broken his heart over parting with his daughter, and the newly- married pair were en route for their home, many TnUan distant from the hall of the Von der Falks. Elise was in a curious state of mingled hap piness and trouble, from the strangeness of her new situation. Her husband was full of loving attentions to her,, and his proud glad eyes were constantly fixed on the sweet girl by his side. Thus some days had passed. She had often asked frim-« Shall we soon be at home, are we near it, Rudolf ?" and still his invariable answer was-" Patience, my sweet child, we shall reach it at last, rest assured, but it is, as I told you, a long way "But Serenissmus told me it was a matter of six days from Vienna, and ten from our home, and still you say it is distant. I cannot understand it. Please explain it to me, mon ami." "Serenissmus is a fool," he muttered between his teeth. "What?" said Elise, starting. She had caught this remark. " Nothing, my child, nothing," he said in his usual loving reassuring tone; "but it vexed me that you should be so weary of my sole companionship already, and that Bis Highness should have given you a wrong conception of the length of your journey." "I did not mean to vex you. Forgive me, Rudolfand she extended her and looked more bewitchinglv pretty than ever. "And do not think I am tired of our journey. Indeed, indeed, I am not. I was only curious to see my new home; oar new home," she added with sweet bashfulness. He wrapt his arm round her, completely mollified, all shadow of vexation gone. The little cloud had blown over. _ But somehow or other every day such little clouds, so tiny that they were hardly worth naming, arose; indeed they would not deserve notice did they not begin to trouble Elise, and make her sky of speaking openly to her husband, as he was apt to take in bad part her most trivial observations. Thus a few days later, having put up for the night in a little village, to obtain a fresh relay of horses and provisions, they themselves sleeping in their carriage, she ventured to enquire why they did not rest at the various inns. They had done so the first few days of their journey, Rudolf appearing to be well acquainted with all the landlords. He had been much annoyed with her the last *im« they had slept in a hostelry, because she had asked the chambermaid, quite en passant, "how far it was to the Schloss?" Still she did not think the offence had been so dire as to merit this seclusion. Th9 servants who accompanied them slept at the inns, why should not they do so still, she asked him, for uncomfortable and poor as the houses were, they were a change from the carriage. He turned a glare upon her of such wrath that she cowed beneath it. " Elise," he said, " once for all understand that I will not be asked questions as to my actions. Remember this for the future. So long as I take care of you, love you, do all in my power to make you happy, whether I sleep in the carriage, at the inns, out of doors, do this or that, is no matter of yours. Do not let me have to say again." Then seeing he had been too harsh, he drew her towards him and kissed her sweet frightened face, talking more gently the while, and then began to speak of matters that he knew she loved; told her they would soon be at home, and many other little things ; but die shrank affrighted from him, and all that day hardly ventured to make a remark lest she should fall into error. The next day passed better. She had almost forgotten her fear; his old manner only had shown itself and he was her kind, good, loving husband once more. . But next day she once more called down a rebuff. They were driving through a thick forest of pine, sombre, dark, and damp; the way was rough, and Elise, who had read some of the novels of that romantic period, dreaded lest they might here be attacked by robbers. Her husband was constantly reassuring her oh this point, declaring she was as safe as fhnnffft m her own home, when she suddenly started at hearing the distant baying of a dog. It came nearer and nearer, and at last an immense St. Bernard leaped up to the carriage window, placing, his paws upon it. " Halt!" cried Rudolf ; and as he opened the door the dog leaped in. Elise felt ready to faint with fear. "They are come," she thought. Meanwhile her ? husband was patting and caressing the dog as though he were a human being. The animal hardly knew how to contain itself for joy at this meeting, wagging its tail, licking Rudolf's face and hands, and giving short joyous barks. Then he perceived Elise, and seemed ready to spring upon her. She uttered a little cry at Ms fierce aspect. " Do not be -alarmed, my love,-' said Rudolf kindly. "Down, Kunz, down. Ktmz, this is your mistress, whom I love dearly, and you-must love her too, Kunz, and guard her from all harm. Do you understand ?5' It almost seemed as if the animal did, for he lay down on the seat opposite, looked nose, and waggedhis tail in token of acqui escence. ..... "Go on," ordered Rudolf, and the car riage once more drove on. The dog took a good survey of Elise, and then seeing his master on such friendly terms with her, concluded all was right and closed his watchful eyes. Meantime Elise had remarked, "So this, I suppose, is Kunz, of whom I have heard so much. He is a. splendid dog, and I hope we shall soon be good friends." " I'm sure you will. Is he not a beauty? Elise, that dog has been my companion and my love till I found you." " Will he not be jealous now ?" she asked, smiling. " But tell me, Rudolf, surely now we must be near home that Kunz has been able to come and meet us. You said he was so watchful that he never quitted your ' grounds except with you." " We have still more than a day's journey to go," he replied impatiently. " I shall tell you when we are home." " How is it that Kunz came so far? Good Kunz," she said, bending over to pet him. "Ask no more questions," he broke out almost passionately, "it worries me. I shall tell you what I please and withhold what I please. Can you not be obedient?" Poor little Elise! the-tears started into her eyes, and she almost wished she were at home with her Vinfl little papa, who never spoke to her so sharply. Ah, but then he never spoilt and petted her as Rudolf did now after every such outburst; and except when she asked him questions he was always so good and kind. No doubt she was very aggravating, andshe determined to try and be less so in future. At last Rudolf announced, "Elise, in half an hour we shall be at home. Are you pleased, my child ?" " Very." " This long journey has fatigued you?" " Not much j still I shall be glad when all this shaking is over. Is this the approach?" she said, as they wound round a tortuous road, rudely cut through the dense pine forest, such as they had been driving through incessantly for the last few days. " Yes," he said, " not a very dignified one, is it ? But my ancestors left it so." " Why do you not alter it ? It would be an easy matter." "Because I do not choose," was the sharply-spoken reply. Poor Elise; she had been wrong again. She was silent for some time, and her hus band did not attempt to break the pause. He seemed lost in deep thought, and his brow was firmly knit and troubled. But he roused himself with a shake, and his peculiar fascinating smile once more played over his .splendid race. "Now we shall cross the drawbridge, child. There, do you not hear the. sound of "the first horses' hoofs on the wood? Wel come home, my wife," he said, bending down and kissing her, "welcome to your hus band's house." -They had driven over the dry weed choked moat, through the portcullis, and were entering a tolerably large square court yard, between whose paving-stones the grass grew rank, speaking of little traffic. The vehicle drew up at a door on one side of the square. It was of heavy oak, and studded witn large iron nails. Hy its side stood two servants-one the showy Viennese maid whom Rudolf had engaged for his wife in the capital, and sent on beforehand with part of the baggage, the other his own constant companion and servant, Fritz. Elise was surprised not to see a far greater retinue of domestics awaiting their arrival, but the thought only flashed through her head for a moment, and was forgotten. "Welcome, Frau Gradnn and Herr Graf," said the old man, and the maid i curtsied her welcome. Rudolf stepped out j of his vehicle, and his eye ranged anxiously ; round the square for an instant. "Come, my wife," he said, holding out his arms to her, his sweet smile lighting his face; " I must carry you in. No wife must tread the threshold of her husband's house voluntarily, you know." And joking thus he took Tier into his strong arms, and bore her through the door and up the stairs as though she were a baby, at last depositing heron the sofa of a email room, exquisitely and evidently newly furnished in the latest style of Louis Quinze. " There," he said; "now you are at home, little teazer. You shan't ask me any more how much further it is ?" She smiled at seeing him joke on the sub ject, and even ventured a playful reply. He laughed heartily at it, and once more gave her a lively repartee, and then, saying he must enquire into the domestic arrange ments, broke away, bidding her await his return. It was a long time before he came back, and Elise began to grow a little anxious at his absence; above au, as she was now far too much in awe of him even to move from the sofa after his express command. At last, however, he came, wmiling as usual. "Have I been long?" he asked solici tously. " Oh, I am sorry indeed that there was so much to be attended to, and every one wanted to hear about Her Grace. Oh, by the-by, Elise, I think I never mentioned that I have been in the habit of managing all domestic affairs, and wish to continue doing so now. It will save you trouble, my dear, and I like to feel I am master in my own house." Elise thought it strange, but was prudently silent, only wondering to herself how she should fill up her days without this occupa tion, that seemed to take up so much of ner mother's time. " And now let me show you your bed room," he said ; "and then I'll show you the whole of the habitable castle. Fart is falling to ruins, you see. Neither my father nor I needed a large dwelling." He spoke truth when he called part of the house a ruin, and yet there appeared here and there an evidently disguised bit of restoration, and the exterior did not look wholly unin habitable. Elise remarked on this. "Your fancy, child," said her husband sharply. "And let me warn you now never to go there on any pretence whatever. Let no romantic nonsense mislead you. On no pretence whatever must you enter that part of the building." " Very well," she said, meekly and awed. "These," h3 went on, opening a heavy door that led into a series of apartments, are the rooms I have had newly fitted up for our use. They are those I have always in habited, and I hope you will like them. I tried to furnish them to your taste." "Like them,!' she exclaimed, as her eye surveyed the really artistically arranged rooms. "Oh, Rudolf, they are lovely! How good you are; how can I ever repay you for all your kindness?" "Easily; by humouring my whims and doing as I tell you. Now see; all these apartments lead one into the other, and here is the way to the bedrooms. The whole is closed in by the heavy door we entered. I had this made to keep out the damp arising from the uninhabited part. Are you pleased J" " Very." "Then let me see you soon feel quite at home," he went on gaily. "And now, Elise, I think dinner is served." As he spoke a servant corroborated the statement, and extending his hand to her, the Graf led his wife to table. And veiy speedily she did grow thoroughly at home in those lovely rooms, the only thing that fretted her being the sense of enclosure. In that evidently large castle these rooms were parcelled off for habitation, and the knowledge that there was more beyond seemed to grate on a temperament that had hitherto roamed free as the wind. Then, too, Rudolf did not like his wife to go out of doors without him, and many a time when the sunshine pierced between the thick surrounding pines, and dappled the ground around the moat with golden patches, Elise had to sit at the window vainly long ing to be outside, for her husband was busy, and she might not go alone. Again, when it-was wet, and the wind and the rain beat and howled through the dark forest, she felt oppressed and sadj this tree-locked position was so dreaiy then, and the view from her windows so utterly monotonous. But these were all minor -evils, ? and with the exception of not going out alone, things Rudolf could not obviate. Perhaps, thought his wife, it may not be safe for one to go into the forest alone; I might lose myself, as he says it is not like our garden at home. In all other matters her husband was so tender, kind, and loving to her that she could not be otherwise than happy in his society, though she enjoyed little of it. More than half the days, and often just in the evenings, when she felt most lone,: he would be away from her, always, however, regretting his enforced absence, and alleging business as the only ground for it. ? . { There was yet one thing more-an un spoken something-a dread "EliRe had hardly dared to admit' to herself, and which yet grew daily stronger upon her. She was afraid of being alone in that house. Was it haunted? Was it owing to its age? She did not know; but by day and night she heard a constant japping noise, low and distant, but rarely silent, and when she was alone she would listen to the rhythmical taps till her heart grew sick -with fear, and solitude became so intolerable that under some pretext she often summoned her maid to sit with her. This horror became enhanced when she found that she wasnot singular in this feelingof awe and terror; for one morning, when Rudolf and his wife were at breakfast, the maid rushed wildly into their presence, declaring she could not sleep another night in that haunted house. The Frau Grafinn would please to give her her dismissal. Elise turned very pale and deadly heart-sick. She had never dared to broach this subject to her husband, and she dreaded what the effect might be now. He was looking violently disturbed, the veins on his fore head stood out knotted and swollen, and his anger seemed to deprive him of speech. Then finding it with an effort he rose. "Go at once," he thundered, "go at once. But be careful how you spread the story that my house is haunted. Be careful, I say, or my vengeance shall pursue you. Are you not gone yet ?" he asked, -as the girl still stood trembling before hirrij anxious to bid her mistress farewell. This was not vouchsafed, however, and she hurriedly left the room, Rudolf sank into his chair exhausted, wiping his forehead with his delicate cambric handkerchief, and then pulling it in his old nervous way through Ms lingers. " What are you crying for?" lie asked sharply, looking across at Elise, whose head was bowed on the table. " Do you think no other girl is to be found to take this one's place?" " Oh, Rudolf! it is hot that," she sobbed, "but-but-I have heard it too, and it has frightened me so." " Heard what?" he asked, angrily. "The noise." "What noise?" "That constant tapping, tapping. When you left .me so long alone, I have felt so frightened; I have cried with fear." "Poor child!" he said, softly; "buthow can my little wife be so foolish? You know, darling, in an old house like this the rats and mice hold soirees; you must not mind their gambols." " But it has not been only at night, by no means only then." A vexed shade flew over his face, but he shook it off "Then they have been receiving morning callers." " Rudolf!" she said, in an irritated tone, " you treat me like a child. " If there is a cause for this noise, and you are acquainted with it, why not tell it me ? It will be far more comforting to know whence it comes." " I am aware of no other cause than I have told you," he replied, more seriously; and 1 really don't see now I can help that, Elise." "I did not say you could help it, but must you leave me alone so very much? Tell me, Rudolf, what is your business? Can I not help you with it, be in the room with you while you do it? Anything would be better than this utter loneliness and dead stillness, save those constant taps. " There! do you not hear them beginning now?" she said, excitedly, as a series of low, regularly repeated taps struck the ear. "Those are not rats I feel convinced." His anger had returned. "They are, Z say. As to my business, it is none of yours. How often have I told you I will not be questioned, and do not brook interference." "But Rudolf, dear .Rudolf, I will never tell any one what it is if you do not wish them to know. Papa always told me his affairs, and said I was quite clever at them. Do tell me yours, my darling husband, and let me be more with you; only not alone, quite alone, now the maid is gone." He looked at her evident grief with com passion, but there was stern determination round his mouth. " It cannot be,"he said, decisively. "Un derstand me, Elise, it cannot be, can never be. Do not question me again on peril of my wrath. I may lose my self- control, and do that I should be sorry for afterwards. Remember." With that he left the room. But that day and the next following he was more with her, and the taps were no longer heard. " Yon see how unnecessary were your fears," he said; "you exaggerated the occa sional noises of the rats into constant ones. My little wife must be less imaginative and more brave." At that moment Elise felt very guilty, and thought {she bad acted childishly ; after all Rudolf was perhaps right in treating her as he did. Sne believed she had perhaps strained her ear, and fancied to hear a constant something, which in his presence, or with any absorbing occupation, she had not observed. And yet-and yet, there could have been no mistake. Had not the girl heard it also*? and surely the noises had been silent these last few days. It was very vexing they should be so then, for it gave Rudolf the advantage over her. Again some time went on, her husband less with her, the noises once more almost incessant. The continued anxiety which she dared not show began to tell on her; she grew languid and nervous, and this state of mind stw further heightened her dread. In that century the belief in ghosts still ob tained, and she felt convinced the house was haunted-but by whom? and what horrors might some day be revealed? Matters were in this state when Rudolf announced to his wife that he was sorry to inform her business obliged him to take a journey of some little distance, on which he would probably be away for a fortnight. Elise pleaded hard to accompany him, but in vain; and at last, weeping and trembling, she saw him depart, and was left alone in that. dread ca6tle, with strict injunctions not to stir from her apartments unaccompanied. 