Is spite of many ' hairbreadth c scapes,' the Macphersotl Kinistty have ti. laftt reached the vacatiou in safety. Although the doctrine of no responsibility which, from motires of Efll'-proserval-oa the Cabi net thought right to adopt, Lus eventuated in tiie loss of sewrai important measures, it must Eli!i be admitted that the last few d:.ys Live rejceiuet1. tiio -R-orkof the sennn Biii, f.ich as it is, 5i&s; pissed into kw ; ani the two Local vTOTerinrject Bilie have been rescued from oblivion. The Civil serrntits are not to be victimised ou the present occasion, t'io passage of the Ap propriation BiL! having averted another dead-lack. With the prorogation, cuds the period daring ivMcb tbe majority who voted for the 110-couSdence motion of Mr. Byrne guaranteed tbeir support to this Cahiuet formed by t'uitt iudividuaL Hence forth the Ministry -will have to etend upn their merits alone, ai.-i their poUtical ex istence depends up1 Hi lie measures to be prepared duriug tiie present recess. Tbe pnblie afttr all, are uot so very djficiilt to please, and a long tenure of office may be open to Mr. Macpherson and his colleagues, if they will only shape their coarse by the rules of honesty and common-sense. We are uot going to speculate upon the whole of the probable contents of the budget to be introduced next February, and it is very possibla that Ministers in search of b policy would seek it else where than in the columns of a country journal. But there are certain matters of general importance having a local bearing upon residents in the country districts, and of these we propose to speak. The two chief requirements of the country are railways aad water- supply, and we suppose it would be almost impossible to find any subjects which are in so unsatisfactory a position as these two. Possibly Melbourne, which has got its two or thtee railways, and its Van Tcan, may not see the matter in tbe same light, bnt after all, Melbourne is not Victoria, us Paris is said to be France. We say most distinctly that do Govern ment assuming to role the destinies of Victoria in 1870, will have a ghost of a chance of retaining office, unless they come down to the Bouse -with an intelligent railway policy. The policy of procrastina tion will not satisfy the public, for the assurance that nothing is to be done in new railway works for two years and a half, amounts to no policy at all Tbe country ' wants to know, yon know,' wletlier tbe Macpherson Government intend to stick to Eiginbotham's estimates, or whether they mean to profit by the experience of South Australia, in making serviceable lines at £5000 a mile. To say in the House that they will make the lines for JEGOOO per mile or cheaper, if possible, after consulting English engineers, and then, almost in the same breath to advertise for tenders on Uiginbotham's Estituatev'is uot the way to meet tbe question. There it no occasion to go to England for the infor mation, aad when it was obtained, it would afford no criterion as to the principal item in tbe escalation — the cost of labour. The evidence required It in South Australia — at our very doors, aad the fact of the exist enceof a line in working ord reconstructed at £6000 per tnile in tbe adjoining colony, out weighs ill the thepviM of English engineers. Again, thefeoimtry wants to know how the balance of the Upper Murray Railway UUOU U3 «M W l«OR») Witt TlftUM* U VW UQ done about tbe proposition to expend £200,000 a year from the land fund upon new railways. Upon these pointe we feel bound to say that Uie deliverances' of Sir. Longman, the Minister for Bailways, have been eminently unsatisfactory. No Min istry will be allowed to shirk these nutters, suid they will be forced apon the attention of Parliament at tiie earliest possible mo ment. ^ The question of Water Supply is ako one -which brooks 'so delay. It appears that already £460,000 have been expended upon the Cotrban water scheme, and that another £290,000 is required to complete tbe work. So little it* known of the pro bable revenue to be derived on tiie comple tion of the scheme, that, whilst the Secre tary fur Mines estimates the return at £4000 per annum, tbe professional head of the Waterworks department puts it at £78,000 per annum ! Ministers, no dftobt, are quite right in suspending further ex penditure until reliable data have been pro cared, bat here again the country looks for something more than delay and pro craetination. What have the Bendigo and Castlemainepeopledoaefor the benefit of the country, 10 enuus icem v- ? me exclusive expenditure of so vast a sum f And what crimes luve the country residents elsewhere, been guilty of, that they are to be com pelled, not ouly to copply themselves with water, bnt to pay for the accomodation ex tended to a worked-out gold-field? We know well enough that the Macpherson Ministry deplore as much as we can do, the blander committed by their prede cessors in carrying out this Coliban scheme, but the Macpherson Cabinet are now in tbe place wherein it is demanded of tbem not merely to rectify the errors of tbe past, bnt also to work out justice in the future. Without making the present Cabinet res ponsible for the failures of others, there is not a shadow of a doubt that the country residents will, next session, insist on the recognition of their rights to participate in the public expenditure on water supply. In this arid climate, neatly every township except such as are aitnated on a running river, is in the same position. ; A3l want water. And «ven the riverside towns require an expenditure to reader die' wafer avail able. Whether it is decided to grant bo much per head of tbe population to local bodies for water supply, or. whether other means are devised, the Maephmon Min istry may rely upon it that the Water question will not be allowed to slumber. Tue expedient of voting small grants for water supply upon tbe condition tfiat an equal amount is contributed locally, will not answer, and would be grossly unfair. Bendigo would be baukrupt if ctllad upon to raue half the cost of Ihe Oollban Works. We are quite sun that it would take at least £10,000 woperJy to jnpply UamiltonajidOolerain6wSth^tw)bat'sie «te flat go4og to Jtox oati^vM i«; ftii proportion. Tlie Treasury has lind over a million of money from up, ani) if we sak for 410,000, it is ouly own per cent, upon onr payment*. Although the Macpherson Ministry have not been able to do much towards legisla tion dnriog their short term of office, we have to compliment them upon a depart mental, reform which U really valuable. With the New Year they have inaugurated the system of shilling telegrams, and this is a boon tbat will be acknowledged by all. A good deal of tlio mercantile correspond ence will now be carried on by telegraph, arid the public will benefit wliHst the revenue will not suffer. It was finnd in South Australia, where fhn i^stem wax first started, that there was an increase »f 3000 messages during tbe first month, nn-\ au increase of rcmiiu .I'.niuclhiu'. i' £'?''' during the same period. 13 jl -V-- Ltipe lit? is only an iustalaient of wLul wo min expect. In all civilized c.urjirj--'*, clj.v1 jjcss and facility io Ilia ?n.-.'.n.i -A ijmnni jiicatlos n:ar!r ti« prn ,^-g t.{ the »£?-? lien, merchandise, lstUrb, and telegram-- have to be conveyed everywhere, and the smaller the obstacles placed iu the way, Uie greater will be the development of our resources. ? JNo'.r, tte irrostm railway isreo aud rates arc dftirer than tbiise prevailing in any other country. It is s question, however, whether these could he ftirly re duced until the railway ip.coin-..' Jiays the annual interest nn the l':;n. T!ie postage tax *-n iiemtp.ijX'ra, iiiiwcrer, h another thing aUogcthev, end it aflt^te the whole community alike. Tufe tax trill have tu be clvilUhrd. Th»rc is n surplus of £300,000 in tbe rcvcnsic, and surely a tax on knowledge wliich ptoiiuces a miserabie £14,000 a year should be the first to be remitted. In South Australia, New South Wales, New Zealand, Tssmaok, and other British colonies, this old-fashioned tax has either been abolis! ?, i, or has never existed. Victoria, the richest colony of the group, is not going to stand alone in maintaining this exploded absurdity, after all the other non-progresBive colonies have given it up. But enough. These are some of the matters which the country expects the Macpherson Ministry to deal with at once, and if the budget contains no reference to them, the new Cabinet may look out for squalls. 