GHOST Oft NO GHOST. ? ' (Fitmlhe Briitol Timei, Junt'l.) At or about midnight of the 23rd ot last month, two grave and elderly gentlemen were returning from tho Viiluge of Chelyey-to firuckley. They had spent thoeviining together at the former phice, engaged with their host, in quiet conversation upon the ordinary topics of the day : and they set out together on their way home in a vehicle dm n by the doctor's horse— a well-broken, steady, and experi enced roadster, The doctor drove. The rector sal by his side, both silent, staid, and contemplative The road was narrow but open, and the night watl still fine, and clear ; there was no moon, and the travellers had no lamps. They had proceeded but a short distance when the horse evinced a nervousness very uncommon t- the animJ, and more thau once showed a disposition— now to hale, now to turn, and anon to hurry forward on, the extreme roadside. The doctor, roused to unwonted attention by the timidity, of his favourite and reliable horse, cast his eyes forward alonir the road, directly in the centre of which, a sight met them that gave a .-trauge shock to his own utronff nerves. Hurrying on, with no appearance of musular effort— turning neither to the right nor to the left, a tall figure, draped in a long -e)-«ik, reaching; nearly the ground, floated, rather than walked, before them, . Iho doctor, without speaking to his companion, looked lon^ enough upon tho weird figure to note these startling particulars, and to arrive at the con elusion in his own mind that he was the subject of a special and peculiar illusion. Looking upon the spectre with the feeling of a mere man uf pclence, und quieted rather than alarmed by tho nature of the appearance which he tad now no doubt was visible only to his own disordered sense of sight, he occupied himself in a hurried examination of his own physical condition, in which, however, he detected none of the expected symptoms. He was strong, calm, sound in health, collected and clear— physically and mentally. 'Nevertheless.' murmured the doctor to himself, ' this is a marked and decided case of optical illusion for which I may yet find some cause.' ' Didjjou speak,' said the Sector, in subdued tones. ' I did — involuntarily,' replied the doctor, speaking also scarcely above a whisper. ' In speaking, involuntaTily, were your thought* and speech addressed to ihe ' thing' before us, my friend f' asked the rector. ' Good God, yes. Do you, too, see what I have for tho hist few minutes been observing f' ' I haTe seen and am teeing with you,' quietly respondo J the rector. ' Look moro carefully to ? your horse, Bpeak to it cheeringly and soothingly, and let us go on.' ;, The Doctor obeyed; but oven his well-known Toice failed to quiet the now trembling animal, the management of which was becoming every inomtnt more difficult, ' This can't go on : we bad better alight, or, wait, or turn back,' observed the Doctor, striving in vain to guide the now unmanageable horse. They hud by this tiuio reached a wider part of the road across which led a itill broader. Lying in the centre of this crossing was a triangular bit of turf, bare and treeless. Upon this spot tho figure vanished; and the horse stopped refusing ta pass beyond it. ' Doctor,' whispered the Rector, ' we :-re alone. Wure j-ou watching f' ' Kot carefully,' said the Doctor, hulf out of breath with his exertions m repressing the frightened hprse, 'not carefully; but I think it went to the right.' 'Nay,' ropliodtho Rector, 'neither to the left nor to the right : neither upwards nor downwards. I marked it accurately to the last : it faded, died out, disappeared— ;not suddenly, but slowly — as surely as you and I arc together hero.' No small amount of time and care were necessary to get the horse home; and from an animil famous for its stead}1 strength of nerve, courage, and deei lity, it has become, within the few days that have transpired, as nerveless and timid as a fawn. This is all. \Vhile I sit here in the Doctor's sanctum, transcribing the notes of bis journey from Chelvey to Bio^kley, the Doctor is colluiting and comparing cases from the dry and uninviting volumes litieved upon (he table and the floor, turning only occasionally from these ta the latest reports of the learned societies upon optics, or to the splendid, but to me, unintelligible, theorems of lirowsler. The rector — an old tutor of his college — is here, too, tracing innumerable diagrams with the view of reducing this iippcaranco and disappearance to souio law of physics. Nothing, reader, will come of their labours. You and I know that. Professor Schoff was hero, but he has gono away up tho Coombe, sneoringly. Professor Schoff and my old friends have had a difference, and have been hard upon each other. Professor Schoff insists thut the two learned noodloss saw a reflection of thoir horde and themselves, built up, pyramid- fashion, and cast feebly upon the white road by the light of the old. moon, which being in its last quarter, would be on the south-eastern horizon at that hour; and being there would cast distorted, faint, and elongated images of just sufficient dis tinctness to frighten horaes or — other animals. Thus of the appearance. As lo the disappearance, Professor Schoff says that the shadow being faint and thia. would disappear upon the 'darker ground of the grasi plot, for want of that contrast in field and shadow afforded by the whither road. Professor Schoff banged the study door as he went out, and the effect of the loud report upon my nerves proves to me that I, for one, must side with the doctor and tho rector, who have thrown aside their books, papers, and instruments, and now believe that they saw a ' thing' of which they cannot, and ought not to attempt a further descrip tion of elucidation. Hah ! 1'rofeBsor ocholf has gone : but old Selsy'Prodgcn, who was born ia the parish of BroekiC/ well nigh seventy years ago, is in the kitehen, and this, jn substance, is what I overhear her saying — ' Mrs. Hiibker (she is addressing ilia tcbiuff cook) tho greatest of foe-la are the wise fools. I am angered to hear what you say of the dis cussion in the study by the rector, doctor, and Professor. Bays of incidence— reflection- refraction —convergence —divergence— angles— foci and rubbish ! What has those blasphemous terms or the blasphemous science to which they refer, to do with what they hare seen? Shame upon their, unbelief! Listen, ma'am. Just ninety- four years ago tho rector of this parish was the Kev. Mr. Hubertson,— a hungry, reckless, spendthrift. The miser is hungry and reckless: but the spendthrift, Mrs. Huckcr, would draw bills upon his wife's repu tation or his children's bread to raise coin to squander upOQ tho gratification of his depraved tastes or idiotic cravings. No -wonder then that this should happen— ParBGS HuberUon cooked a will ! It was done jn this flofi. In the early barking season of 177G, James Sfovenfl, the Ihefl woodward of the Brockley Manor, »'SS mortally* injured by the fall of a tree ia the Park, and was carried, crushed and mangled, into the kitchen of thfi Rectory. The parson, and an old and wicked collegia friend of his, who was staying with him as a gnest at the time, provided a means for the removal of the dying man to Chelvey, where ho lived, and accompanied him home. James Stevens's wife and children received the mournful procession, nnd saw in their agony that the sufferer's very hours were numbered. James Stevens bad been a striving and a successful man; and it was pretty generally known lhat he had a large sum lying in one of tha Bristol banks to his credit— £600 and more as it proved to be. Parson Hubertson, and his coHeiro mono., ana a man-servant of the latter, sat up through the night ; and before the morning that succeeded it, James Stevens died, having previously signed a will drawn up by his friendly watchers, wholly, as the dying man believed, in favour of his wife and children; bnt wholly, 'as it turned out to bo, in favonr Dot of them or either of them, but of Parson Hubertson ! Widow Stevens died twenty years later in the workhouse ; and her children went forth into the world penniless. Parson Hubertson died later, at the Koetory ; and his end was hard and frightful. Parson Hubcrtson's bodv was buried, but his spirit was nevor Said ; and at barking time in every year, and to this day, that spirit appearing in the hard outline of the tall form it occupied in tho body, makes a journey to and fro at midnight between Chelvey and Brockley; and the draped figure seen by the rector and doctor wna Parson Hubertson's ghost.' NorrcE.— The band of the 18th regiment* (B»ya Irish) will not ipeform for the 'future in the Botanic Gardens. M. Quinn, band master. Ob.vebai. Holidays.— Tuesday, the 30Ui instant, having been named for the opening of the Inter colonial Exhibition, to be held in Sydney in com inemoratioD of the centenary anniversary of the first landing of Captain Cook in Australia, his Excellency tha Governor has been pleased to approve ot the same and the succeeding day being observed as pub lic holidays. 