THE CLUNES WATER COMMISSION AGAIN. to THE editor of the courier- Sib, — In Frince Alfred's letter to his brother tbe Frince of Wales, which by some means has found its way into the Mai Iras Mail , he notices the unfortunate position his brother was placed in in the matter of the Mordsunt case; not wniie he expresses entire belief in his brother's inno cence, he quotes a saying of " the Baron's " about the ladies, to this effect: — "The sex is vicious, and should be loved, bnt not written to." If this sentiment were altered to — " Tbe truth is precious, and should be loved, bnt not written of," I would ask as a favor that Messrs Walter Cotcbett and Alex. MscCsrlau and Co. ehonld head all their public letters with it as their motto, because however much these gentlemen may try at times to conceal unpalatable truths, tbey nearly always fail. In tbe efforts they make to retain the cat in the bag, they are sore to let it out. And sure such a cat never broke ont of a has as that which Alex. Macfarlao aod Co. have let loose on tbe Victorisn world this day through your columns. Tbe answet of Alex. Maefarlan and Co. to the secretary of the deputation appointed to wait upoo, or communicate with, that firm as to the terms on which they might feel disposed to relin quish tbir contract, contains these words, written on the I2th day of the present month: — "The order was sent by the last mail, and we have no donbt the pipes are in process of casting ere this, if a portion be not actually in course of ship ment." A firm like Alex. Maefarlan and Co., that has so easily secared the favor of the Clones Water Commissioners, and of the New North Clones directors, most have some special facilities for doing business that other colonial firms, and particularly those of Ballarat, do oot possess, and I think I am not presuming too mnch iu saying that I believe Alex. Mscfarlsn and Co. must have a private and direct line of telegraphic com munication with EoglaDd. I applaud them for it, and congratulate them on their enterprise if they have laid down such a line. To naught else can I attribute the extraordinary facilities for rapid communication they possess. In another fort night I will probably hear that tbe first shipment of pipes left the London docks on tbe 20 th of the present month. Then there is another view of the question. If they hare not any special private telegraphic Sine at command, how in the do they know that such rapid progress bss been made with their contract. When men say they have no doubt that a certain thing is done, they say really they believe it is dene. UDfortanstely for Alex. Maefarlan and Co. they show that they believe not alone in impossibilities, bnt in what, if they are not lunatics, they know to be impossibilities. The mail they allude to as " the last mail" left Melbourne on the 24th April, and the date of their wonderful letter, iu which they say virtually that the pipes are being cast and shipped, is the 12th of this month, the period of time between these two dates is jast eighteen days, a apace of time altogether too short to allow of any at present known communication with England. By tbe last mail, the very latest tele graphic news to the press ef the colony required twenty days to transmit. Now, as Alexander Maefarlan and Co. have not — I dare them to deny my assertion — sdj means of communication not at the command of other people, how did they know that on the I2ib of May their pipes were being cost and shipped. Their letter is written with all the coolness of men who perfectly tinier- stand their business, and if I am not mistaken, the whole truth liaa come out iu it. It is written as if the order for the Clones water pipes had been sent home a month or two before. Indeed, Alexander Maefarlan and Co. could not by any human agency have known that their pipes were being cast and shipped, unless they also knew that the order to cast and ship them had been sent home before their contract was accepted on the 22od of April. If this was the case, how did the astute firm of Alexander Maefarlan and Co. know that nobody bnt they had any chance of getting the contract. How did they know that J. Walker and Co. would be just £25D above them I How did they know that tbe 21-inch pipes, on which J. Walker and Co. were £1200 lower, would not be adopted for the supply of Clones ? How did they know that the C lones Water Commission era would fail In their laudable efforts to give lbs contract to a local firm in preference to them? Well, you know these are questions I most leave such genioses — genii (?) — as Walter Cotcbett, or the puppet advocate of the New North Clones directors to answer. I foil off into a slumber while inditiog this, and fancied I waB climbing a high hill, on which was a post- office pillar and a letter lying at the bottom of it, addressed to one " Member of C. W. CL", and ended with — and Co. It was a withering document, and I meant to take it to the top of the hill and read it alond; bnt a spectre rose before me, and beckoned me to drop tbe letter where I had found it, saying — "I am the ghost of tbe Libel Lsw; defy me not!" Here's a pretty kettle of fish, I thought, Don't you think the same? Of course you do. I know yon will agree with me, that such a cat as this never jumped out of a bag since Adam and Eve sewed fig leaves together in the Garden of Eden. 1 7th May, 1870. The Other Kctt. 