PLOUGHING MATCHES. SKIPTON. The Skipton ploughing match, under the auspices of the Western District Pastoral and Agricultural Society, was held on the farm Wilkie, Skipton, on 12th July. The attendance was very good, con- I. side ring the:long distance moat of the farmers Irid to came. The day was all that could be desired, and the 'SMpt'pn ladies took advantage of the sunshine, to be present. There were 18teams on the ground, four of. ‘which: competed for the Champion prize,’buit were, all disqualified for hot finishing in time. The decision of the judge, however, was in favor of T. Draffin. In .class A there were five entries/ ,G. Gauge taking Ist prize, Gk Naylor 2nd,D. Wilkie 3rd, H. Pierce 4th.' In class B the judges’, awards were—N. Rae Ist, J. Fitz gerald 2d,:W._Davie3 3rd, B. Cairns 4th, but as the half of those in this class were behind time, the prizes were withdrawn. Thefe were only three entries in class C —Purvis, Frazer, and Gillespie; ! Purvis Ist,. Frazer 2nd, Gillespie - 3rd. The: secretary stated . that Gil lespie’s ploughing was far the best, but owing to hav ing a furrow more in one land than the other he was disqualified. Indeed, his ploughing for a youth of l‘4 was most surprising, being much better than a good many of the olass B men. . The judges .were A. Baird,- Lake Goldsmith; J. M'Leod, Kortnong; and Mr Moore, Skipton. The diimer took place at the Ripon hotel. Mr Lewis presided. . . ’ . . . . Stockyard Hill. The Stockyard Hill Ploughing Match; under the auspices of the Western District Pastoral and Agricul tural Society, took place on Thursday, 14th July, on Mr Hugh Arthur's farm, at a pretty spot just over the crest of the hill, about a mile east of the Stockyard Hill hotel. The weather was all that could be desired, and the attendance was even more, numerous than at last year’s match, though the gentler sex were hardly so well represented as regards numbers. • The land to be ploughed was virgin soil, and generally in good working condition; but a few boulders in some places interfered with the appearance of the work,-which, however, was generally good, and gave-the judges no little trouble in deciding on the merits of the various competitors. The- judges were—Mr John Trewin, Coghill’s Creek; James : M'Kerrow, Lake Learmonth; and theveteran. James Anderson, Springs, and their praises were in everyone’s mouth, both as regards ability and impartiality. Twenty-nine ploughs, mostly of Tynan’s make, were on the ground.. One of them, a double- furrow, turned out by.' Kelly and Preston, of Ballarat, excited a good deal of attention, and did some good work, in a separate part of the field, under the pilotage! of R. Stewart. ! , ; The following is a list of the entries:— Champion Class.—David Harris, owner T. Trewin, Springs; T)m an ’ s plough. John Draffin, owner David Draffin, Burrum beet; Tynan. Thomas Draffin, owner D. Draffin, Bnrrnmbeet; Tynan. George Stewart, Kiora, ploughman and owner; Tynan. Jafcob Price, Ondit, ploughman and owner; Tynan. Class A.—Llewellyn Price, owner M'Queen, Stockyard Hill; Tynan. George Gauge, owner H. Exell, Stockyard Hill; Tynan. John Pierce, owner Asa Pierce, .Mortchnp; Tynan. George Arthur, owner Hugh Arthur, Stockyard Hill; Tynan, David Wilkie, ploughman and owner; Tynan. George Nay lor, owner Nicholas Trethowen; Lennon. John M'Crae, ploughman and owner, Shirley; Tynan. Class B.—Evan Jones, ploughman and owner, Stockyard Hill; Tynan. Charles Stewart, ploughman and owner, Challi cum; Tynan. William Spruchan, owner Robert Boyle,- Lake Goldsmith; Tynan. George Barwick. ploughman and owner, Waterloo; Hornsby.. Charles Ingleton, ploughman and owner, Lake Goldsmith; Lennon. Edward Humphreys, owner Mrs Campbell, Stockyard Hill; Tynan. Kenneth M'Donald, owner Donald M'Donald, Stockyard Hill; Tynan. Noble Rao, ploughman and owner, Skipton; Duncan. Thomas Smith, ploughman and owner. Linton; Lennon. Henry Dobson, ploughman and owner, Trawalla; Tynan. , Class C.—George Exell, owner Georgo Exell, senior, Stock yard Hill; Tynan. Alex. M’Callum, owner M’Combie, Chep stowe; Frazer. James M’Kervail, owner Hugh Arther, Stock yard Hill; Lennon. Joseph Gillespie, owners A and J. Gillespie,’Lake Goldsmith; Grant. Archibald Lawson, owner Archibald Lawson, senior, Stockyard Hill; Tynan. David Dunnet, owner George Dunnet, Stockyard Hill; Lennon. The judges’ awards were as follows, and gave gene ral satisfaction:— Champion Class.—First prize, £lO, Thomas Draffin; second do, £5, George Stewart; third do, £2, David Harris. Best crown, John Draffin, set of swingletrees, presented by. Gibb ar.d Cos., Ballarat. Best finish,' Thomas Draffin, pair of cart hames, presented by Forsyth and Cos., Ballarat. ’ Class A.—First prize, £B, John M'Grao; second do, £5, Llewellyn Price: third do, £2, George Naylor. Best crown, J. M’Crae, two cart bridles,-given by David Evans, Beaufort. Best finish, G. Gauge, pair breeches, given by Samuel Howard,-’ Beaufort . Class B.—First prize, £B, Charles Stewart; second.do, £O, W. Spruchan; third do, £4, or a saddle valued at £5 ss, pre sented by Chadwick, Beaufort,’ Kenneth M'Donald (who elected to take the cash); fourth do, £2, Edward Humphreys; fifth do, £l, George Barwick. Best crown, ’William Spruchan, set three-horse swingle-trees, given by Buchanan and Gemmell, Beaufort. Best finish, Charles Stewart, plaid shirt, given by W. Gray, Ballarat. . Class C.—First prize, James M'Kervail,- £4; second do, £2, G. Exell; third do, £l, A. Lawson. Best crown and finish, A. Lawson, set swingletrees presented by Alex. -Martin, Stock yard Hill, and tinware articles given by James Dwyer, Beau fort. First finish in the field, Thomas Smith, new hat pre sented by W. C. Stronge. Class D.—One entry, Kelly and Preston, Ballarat,' makers; R. Stewart, ploughman. First prize, £5, awarded!. The usual ploughing match dinner was held in the evening at the Stockyard Hill hotel, when a very sub stantial and well-cooked repast was partaken of by between eighty and ninety persons. .Mr I). Hannah was chairman, Mr J. H. Cameron vice chair man, supported by Mr Joel Tompkins and Mr Robert Campbell respectively. Mr Thomas Draffin returned thanks on behalf of the champion ploughmen. Mr John M'Crae responded for classes A, B, and C, and hoped that next year the champion prize would be wrested from Burrnmbeet. (Applause.) Mr John M'Crae proposed-—“ The Judges.”. Mr Anderson rose to respond, and was received with a tremendous round of applause. He was proud to be there that, day as one of their judges, and informed the company that he was the oldest man in the room,’ being within a month of seventy-eight years of ago. The judges had a vel-y difficult task before them, but had acted honestly and fairly by all. With regard to the work, he felt bound to say that it was as good as he had ever seen. (Applause.) Mr George Barwick proposed three cheers for Mr Anderson, which were given with great vigor, and promptitude. Mr Doriidd M'Donald proposed “The Secretary,” and Mr Hugh Arthur, in responding, conveyed to the meet ing the agreeable, information that’ “after meeting all expenses connected with the match, £2O would be left • towards the next one”.—Abridged from the Beaufort Chronicle. Cheating the Undertaker.— lt is so very seldom that a man dies and comes to life again a short time afterwards that when a startling fact similar to; this does occur it is generally worth chronicling. It seemSj according to the Colac Observer, that a man named Samuel Talbot, a laborer, residing in Colac, becoming suddenly indisposed, the services of Dr Rae were called in, and after the usual medical inspection' the man was ordered to bed, and the doctor departed to obtain the necessary remedies. "While away a message was sent to him that Talbot had suddenly shuffledioff; this mortal coil; and believing the statement to ’be true, though somewhat surprised, he drew out the necessary certificate stating the cause of death. The •friends of the supposed deceased man immediately took the necessary steps for the funeral, the undertaker and the registrar of deaths having been ■ informed of the mournful event, and no doubt chuckling at the thought that business in their line was looking up. In the house where Talbot " was. laid “straight out upon his bed/’ was gathered a number of women, and mourning and lamentation could be heard, the friends weeping for the poor man, and would not be com forted. When lo ! Talbot opened his eyes, and stared around him with marvellous surprise at the scene which was being enacted in his house. Of course the' women screamed, and covered their faces, forming all manner of thoughts about; ghosts; and it was after wards found that Talbot had merely swooned away, and had been in a sort of a trance for a number of hours. The undertaker was compelled to desist, making the coffin, the registrar destroyed his certifi cate, and the doctor indulged himself with a hearty good laugh. The joy of the-friends can, of course, be better imagined than described. ...... Rainfall at Longerenong. —The • following- table shows the rainfall at Longerenong for the first Bix months of the present year; and for the corresponding six months of 1869. It will be seen that" the rainfall for the present : season is much in excess of that of last; it is also greater than has been experienced since the year 1860, with the exception of 1863, during the first six months of which year 1618 inches were re gistered. The average for the first six months of the last ten years isB*46 inches. We have had therefore 2'51 inches more rain than the average of ten years!. January, 1869, *O7. in, 1870,’2*84 in; February, 1869, ' *43 in, 1870, —March, 1869," >B3. in, 1870, ——; April, 1869, ‘3O in, 1870, 2'40 in; May, 1869,1'53 in, 1870, 2*20 in; June, 1869, 2*86 in, 1870, : 3*45 in. Totals for six months—lB69, 6*02; -1870, 10*89. The following table gives the amount of rainfall since 1856:—1856, 19*99 in; 1857, 20*80 in; 1858,16*03 in; 1859, 18*66 in; 1860, 17*28 in; 1861, 20T7 in; 1862, 13*32 in; 1863, 31*77 in; .1864, 14*74 in; 1865,10*96 •in; 1866, 15*12 in; 1867, 22*38 in; 1868,' 11*81 in; 1869, 10*97 in. The average for fourteen years' is 17*42 in. it will be seen from an. inspection of these figures that the rainfall for the first half of-1870 is within a small fraction Of that for the whole of 1869; the latter year has’ been the driest yet experienced there, except 1865, which had a less rainfall by one hundredth of an inch. The average rainfall at Mel bourne Observatory for nine years, from 1858 to 1866 inclusive, was 25*18 mches. —Pleasant Creek News, 14th July, 1870. 