AUSTRALIAN SKETCHES. AMATEUR,ACTORS; IN our time we have been acquainted with amateurs of every description. They are all amusing in their different whims and oddities j but we think amateur actors afford more food for amusement, tbaii any of their brethren, to, the observer. An .amateur singer, as a rule, is vain, and- generally considers he has one of the best organs in the world: *A wizard is often jealous, and seldom ' gives a rival credit foxy doing anything clever. A yachtsman will weary you praising his own superior knowledge of tides, winds, and weather, But the faults of all * three are united inÄ the character ol an amateur actor. They are all great m'en in their own estimation, and are only waiting a.little before they come right out and take the world by storm. They aro great critics too, and when they go to the theatre to witness a performance, they generally sit in a dogged man- ner, as if terribly disgusted with the whole proceedings. The mode of assuming high- sounding names is another amusing trait .in their character. ÍSTo name pronounceable can be too long for them. We have known one or two aspirants to histrionic fame who have searched all the London Directories for years back, and then have failed to procure a name sufficiently7 striking to suit their fancy. Their passion for surtout coats and mous- taches is unsatisfiable, the latter article generally of so scant a growth as to resemble cats' smellers. Mr. Launcelot Burdett Ivemble (otherwise John Spool) was one of this class. He was a draper by trade, tall, thin, consumptive, aud ambitious. An idea had entered his head that he was intended for an actor, and that if he had only a little experience he would be one of tlie brightest " stars" that ever illumined the histrionic firma- ment. He was particularly ignorant of everything except theatrical intelligence, which, to give him his due, he was well posted up in from the time of "Will Shakspere himself down to our own day, and nothing gave him greater pleasure than to sit behind a foaming tankard of " Tooth's best " reciting anecdotes . of great actors. He possessed a deep hollow voice, and a most peculiar enunciation. He pumped up, as it were, bis words from his stomach, and the effect produced resembled the notes emitted from a bassoon blown by a man taking his first lesson. His walk was of that species so much affected by fifth-rate actors who play the heavy villains in melodrama, and altogether he was one of the most peculiar personages we ever met. One evening he left as usual the place of business where he was employed, and after fortifying himself with a roll and cup of coffee at a cheap cook-shop much frequented by actors of a lower class, he wended his way towards that part of the city called by the vulgar " Little Canton," and extending from the old Queen's "Wharf to Bridge-street. Turning from the street into a lane inhabited by a class of persons not likely to be trou- bled by the extent of their worldly possessions, he knocked at the door of a species of store which might have been in mercan- tile use fifty years ago, but which was now only used by a com- pany of amateur actors. " Hallo Kemble, old fellow, how d'ye do ? " said a voice, as the door opened and discovered a pock- marked, swivel-eyed young man seated behind a Hour barrel turned on end, and who was endeavoring by the aid of a candle stuck in a bottle to read the greasy book he held in his hand. This was the manager, a lawyer's messenger, holding his honor- able position in the club by reason of his high education and business-like qualities." "We've been waiting," he continued, ".to see how much you intend giving for Hamlet before we go on with the cast." " Yes," said a fat puffy young gentleman, who held in private fife the position of ' boots' at a ' public,' and who was now engaged in amusing conversation with two young girls of very questionable appearance-the ' Queen ' and ' Ophelia ' of the company, " I didn't know how much to offer for the Ghost till I see w'at you meant giving for Hamlet. " Mr. Launcelot Burdett Kemble informed'.them that he thought 50s. was as much as he could afford, The man behind the barrel assured him that the character was too cheap, but that he didn't mind letting him have it for another half-crown. Mr. Kemble agreed, and the man behind the barrel proceeded. "^Now, Mr. Morton Lafeyeune, do you think you can procure a robe in which to enact the King if I let you have him at a low figure ? " " Well, I don't know that I can," answered Mr. Morton Lafey- eune (Jem Gull, a draper's light porter), "but I'll tell you what I can get," he continued, as a gleam of joy lighted up his coun- tenance, " I can get some rattling tin foil, and if Mr. Kemble will lend me his cape, I'll stick some round the edge, and that, together with a crown and sceptre, will produce a most striking effect. " It is needless to say that the use of the cape was pro- mised, and the cast went on smoothly till the first gravedigger objected to ' find the skulls.' " Come, I say old man," ex- . claimed that interesting gentleman, who was a blacksmith's apprentice, " you couldent expect a man to play sich a bit uv a character as that and find 'is own skull?-that's to much uv a good thing." "It 'ud only cost you the price of a couple of melons," said the man from behind the barrel; "they make the best skulls in the world." " Well, but what's the price of melons?" asked the amateur gravedigger. " Oh, only six- pence," returned the other with a contemptuous curl of the lip . at the naming of so paltry a sum. " Only 6d. each," echoed Mr. Launcelot. Burdett Kemble. " Then I will bear the ex- pense myself, " he added, with an unmistakeable emphasis on the myself. Meanwhile Narcissus and Bernardo were being dis- posed of. Two new aspirants to fame had been enrolled that evening, and to their care were entrusted the two Danish sol- diers, with the following address from the worthy manager. " Gentlemen, many men have worked for years at their prof es- ' sion before they have been entrusted with such important parts as those you have this evening received ; but there is a some- thing that tells me that my confidence in you is not misplaced. Gentlemen, prove by your perseverance, your care, your atten- tion to the business of the .stage that you value my confidence, and I assure you that the happiest day of myjife will be when 1 I see you enacting the part of Hamlet before a house filled with the elite of Sydney. " Here he paused and shook hands with the two greenhorns, who looked at each other and congratulated themselves upon making the acquaintance of the pleasantest man they had ever seen. The play was fixed for that day week, and Mr. Kemble went home almost beside himself with joy. He had long yearned to appear in a Shaksperian character, and now he was about to enact the Bard's greatest conception. His star was decidedly on the rise. Visions began to float before him. He saw in the distance managers sending from England to him, large hotels and large landlords at his service, a carriage and four driven by a coachman in gold-trimmed livery, and last, though not least, his portrait adorning all the bar windows in town, which to him appeared an enviable position. At last the wished-for night came. The house was well filled, among the most noticeable personages present were.four- lbullock-drivers, or as they are poetically called by gentlemen residing about a hundred miles inland; bullock-punchers;" and two dogs belong- ing to the aforesaid "punchers :" there were also some retired pugilists and dog- fanciers, several stable boys, together with a »host of boot-blacks, coblersi fruit-vendors, and members pf like professions too numerous too mention. The orchestra consisted of a drum, concertina, and triangle, the whole of the instru- ments being operatèd on by a single performer, at one and the same time. "What kind of a house is it;?" said Mr. Kemble, addressing the manager who had comerto see if he had finished dressing. " Oh capital," returned that clever individual; " the whole of Sydney's here, my word, Kemble, I do envy you this evening, never man had a better show. But what made you tell me you had bad shaped legs ;" he continued smothering h_B laughter as best he could, for tile said legs presented a most' singular appearance-so studded were they with lumps'' and knots. " By St. Paul's," continued the; manager,' "they are a pair of the.fine3t shaped calves I have seen in the whole course of my professional career. " V What, cannot you perceive ?" joyfully cried our hero. " Perceive," echoed the manager with well feigned surprise; " Perceive what ?" "That they are padded,'" returned Kemble. "Padded?" cried the manager, with a rising inflexion on the last syllable ; then he added "I would have staked my professional reputation against a worn out shilling that they were real. But come, the audience grow impatient ;" he added, as one of the aforementioned dogs gave . a loud bark. " I will be with yon anon," "returned Mr. Launcelot Burdett Kemble. No sooner had the manager left the room than he was*met by a small girl of about twelve years of age, who informed him that her brother would not be able to ' show up ' "that night. " Not able to show up," repeated the manager, " what the devil . do you mean ?" "Why, sir," explained the modest maiden, "There's a whole lot of people 1 come to stay at our 'otel, and Billy's got about two dozen pairs uv boots to brush, so the 'guvernór '. wouldn't let him out till he's finished polishin' every one on 'em." Back rushed the infuriated manager to Mr. Kemble with the news. "Hullo, old fellow, what's the matter now," said that talented indi-, vidual who Avas just leaving the dressing-room (a small space partitioned off with soo- geebags.) "Matter enough," returned the manager, " The ghost's got to brush two dozen pairs of boots, so he wont be able to appear to-night. " " Two dozen pairs of boots," murmered Kemble, much after the maimer in which tragedians say " Three thousand ducats !" in the Merchant of Venice; then rousing himself, he said " W hat's to be done. " "Nay, I know not," answered the manager, "Unless, indeed, we read the ghost's part from the corner of the wing." ".Oh happy thought !" broke in Mr. L. B. Kemble, who of course would rather have done anything than relinquish the idea of performing the play. "Let us at once put your proposition into practice." " Yes," answered the perplexed manager, " It is, it is our only plan. But hark," said he as loud cries of "Comenow, look alive there," " Up with the rag," "Kemble, Kem-ble," followed by a rap-tap- tap-tap-tap, met his. ear. "They are gettiug impatient, come away." "Now then," shouted the manager as he reached the corner of the first wing, " Ts everything ready." " No," answered one of the courtiers, "The Queen's gone to borrow a petticoat from Ophelia." After this answer there was a pause, then the question was asked a second time' and was answered by Mr. L. B. Kemble, who in his anxiety to appear called, out "Yes" three times; when just as the curtain was about to rise, the first gravedigger was found minus, it appears that, that interesting comedian had been discovered hy his master " taking the lend " of a pick and shovel, and the master not having to good an opiniou of the comedian's honesty, thereupon, sent him to be lodged at Her Majesty's expense. It was perfectly useless to proceed any farther in the business of the play ; they might have managed to have read the part of the ghost, but it was utterly impossible to bury Ophelia without a gravedigger, and then too, it would never have done to have left out the joking,, about Yorrick's skull, so after a serious consultation, it was agreed to abandon the idea of playing - that evening.' The manager being a shrewd and wide-awake individual, told Kemble he had better inform the audience, on behalf of him, that they would be unable to proceed with the,performance that evening. Mr. Kemble, not willing to loose a chance of showing himsep, came before the curtain dressed as Hamlet, and made the following eloquent speech : " Ladies and gentlemen, I regret to inform ' you, on behalf of the manager, that we will be unable this evening to perform Shakspeare's sublime and lovely tragedy In five acts entitled Hamlet. But y°u> as well as we, are aware that it will be impossible to proceed whilst laboring under the disadvantages that we are at present subjected too. The ghost, I may inform you, has not made his appearance to- night, and has sent word that he will be unable to do so. The first grave- digger has been hastily .enrolled into the service of Her Majesty. These, together with sundry minor . inconveniences, oblige us to throw ourselves upon the mercy of a Sydney audience, which is famed for its- indulgence." As he finished this touching recital he retired amidst a shower of oaths and orange neel. _ FESTE. 