DEATH OF MB, CHABLES DICKENS. Charles Dickens, the son of Mr. John Dickens, who held a position iu the Navy Pay depart ment, was born at Portsmouth in 1612. At the close of the war his father retired on a pension, aud came to London as Parliamentary reporter for one of the daily papers. Charles, who was placed aB a clerk in an attorney's office, was in duced by a strong literary bias to obtain an en gagement as a reporter on the staff of the Horn ui-7 C/irxmtcie, then in the zenith of its fame, under Mr. John Black. The editor, noticing his readiness and versatility, gave him an opportunity for the display of his abilities by inserting in his journal those 'Sketches of Euglith Life and Character,' which were re priuied in a collective form, under the title of ??Sketches by Boz,' in 183C-7. About the same time, he wrote a comic opera, entitled, 'Tbe Village Coquettes.' This graphic |»wer of describing the ordinary scenes of cammon life, more especially in a luuiorous aspect, did UUW CSV«IIU HUD ilUWW* Ul WIMSl . ...... —....?. ^||U Hall, who requested '? Boz ' to write for them a story at a eerial in monthly parts, and the result was the publication of the'' Posthumous Memoirs of the Pickwick Club,' The subject was treated in a manner at ouoe to easy and natural, and with such a flow of genuine hu mour, that tbe author found himself raised, almost at a single ttep, to the higfrif* rank among living novelists. Illustrated at first by tbe pencil of Seymour, and, after his death by that of UsMot E, Browse (Mm), Uie 'Pick- wick Papers ' bad an enormous aide, and the name of the author was announced in 1838. Tbe great success of 'Pickwick' naturally causea Mr. Dickeu to receive a variety of offers from London publishers ; and brought about Wi connection with Mr. Bently, who engaged bis services as editor of his MuciiUmy, in the second number of which, fnr February, 1837, tjipeared the Grot instalment of 'Oliver TwiBt' This story, which was published in three volumes at Uie dote of 1838, lets tbe reader into some of the secrets of life, at it was too frequently louud in tbe pariah-union work houses, and in the dark haunts of thievery and villany which form so dark a blot upon London and the larger cities in Uie provinces. Admir ably illustrated by the pencil of George Oruik shauk, 'Oliver Twist* at once became a favourite, and is (till regarded as one of tbe author's bappiett productions. 'Kioholas Kicklcby,' which appeared in shilling numbers, . uniform with 'Pickwick,' shortly after the completion of that work, was written to ex pose in detail the crueltiea which were then, and are still, it i» to be {eared, inotited upon orphan! and other neglected children of the middle daue* at che»p asbool*, especiallF in gome {at Uie northern counties. Mj. Dickens eUU*iia the nrebos that the disclosures re sulted from a visit of inspection paid by him self to a school of tho 'Dotbeboys' data in the wold* of Yorkshire In 1840 Mr. Dickens on. dertook Uie production of a story, or rather a scries of ?lories in weekly numbers. It was entitled ' Matter Humphrey's Clock,' and in cluded, amongst other tales, those since repub lislied in a separate form, under the names of 41 The Old Curiosity Shop,' containing the episode of ' Little Kell,' so remarkable lor it* patlioi and simplicity ; and of ' Banuby Budge,' a tale illu.trative of the senseless riot* connected with filename of Lord GcorgeGordon, in 1780. About tbe time of the pnbEcatiou of 'Mukh T?nmnlirMT*« ftlnnb.' iimiumuI 1.:.. ' Memoirs of Joseph GrinuUdi,' the celebrated down, almost tbe only production of Mr. Dickens1 pen which deals with the plain prose of (ad*. Soon after the completion of ' Master Humphrey's Clock' Mr. Charles Dickens sailed for Uie United States, for the purpose of preparing himself for the publication of a work upon men and manaera is the New World. Having visited a great part of the country, and accumulated aetoro of materials, on hi» return to England, iu 1842, he published 'American WotofOTGaieralCirciilatioD.*' Many of Uio author1!! utalementa were controverted by our Yankee, cotuunt, and the book provoked a reply, under the faoetious tiUe of 'Chinee for Ameii. can Kotos.' In 1814 ' Martin Cmudewit' apiissHd in nombera, and in ttie sutnmrr of tint year M-. Dickjns visited |talyf iwd many of **-e™«attothu- oWrvatiow WttBafUrirtB^ poliiuB&l; mi Uie I)aUA JSTtw*. ^^ rimnrrang to Kufcland In the wane of IBM, Uo suggested Jthe (pnudation «f a cheap daily nmrgptiier to advo cate tho spread of liberal politic «-a seeblar oneiny 01 aesaouo and armnary power abroad, rouidrf £Sm^ «itft ajjoiB of th« '-^;r^ \- . . .. r . Q writers of the clay, he cmntnenccd the Dmly AVir- !»l January. 1S1G, acting as the editor, and c-ntributing to its columns his eketch-i, from tbo south uf Eornue, under the attractive title of ' Pictu:?s of Italy.' which wore after wards reproduce in a collective form. Mr. Dickens soon withdrew from his Fditirial poet, and resumed bis humorous serial jiUbucatu-ns, He wrote some stories of a mure Btrict'y imagina tive catt, cal'e.1 ' Christni-s B«ks,'f of : winch ttio first, -? A Christmas Carol.' was pnUdhnd iu 1643 ; the second, ' The Chimes, in 1845 j the tbird, 'Tho Cricket on the Hearth.' in IS46 : the fourth, ' Tits Battle of Life,' in 1847 ? audtheliftb, 'ThenauntedMim and the Ghost's Bargain,' in 1848. In addition lo Uie above, Mr. Dickons has written ' Dombey and Son, published in lo**-e ; m« u»'»j «' David Cqipfrficld,' in 1849 50; 'Bleak House,' in 1853: 'Little Dorrit,' in i85fi j and 'A Tale of Two Cities,' 'The Uncommercial Tra veller,' and 'Great Expectations;' Uie last throe having been reprinted from All the fear Round. In 1850 Mr. C. Dickens started Hmtt hold Words, * cheap weekly literary miscellany, which he conducted for some years, but a dis pute having arisen between him and bis pub Ushers, he brought it to a conclusion in 1869, and established in its place another, similar in plan and form, entitled All the Year Round, which he conducted till death. The first number of a new illritrated serial story from Dickens' pen, entitled 'Our Mutual Friend,' appeared in May, 1SC4. Mr. Dickens had a high reputa tion as an amateur actor, was one of the founder* of the Guild of Literature aud Art, and was an active promoter of the Loyal Literary Food. 