The Late Dreadful Massacre of Christians in China. The accounts which reached this colony of the atrocities perpetrated on the European and native Christians of Tien Tain in. China, on. the 21st June, were so dreadful as to be almost incredible, and many persons consoled themselves with the belief that there must have been gross exaggera tion, to say the least, in the accounts first received. It unfortunately turns out, however, that so far from being exaggerated the first statement did not disclose half the horrors which wore perpetrated — for the most part on women and children— by the Chinese mob under the leading and influence of the Buddhist priests and mandarins. The following account to hand by the last mail may be relied upon as authentic ' Tien Tsin, China, June 23 — Two days ago a crowd of Chinese, led on and encouraged by official mandarins and priests, made an attack on the foreigners in the native city, killing thirteen women one seven men, besides about sixty native Christians and 64 children. For more than a year the Buddhist priests; and many of the mandarins, have been busy exciting revolt and forming forces with which to drive the ' foreign devils ' as they kindly call us) from China. On Sunday, June 19, the mutterings of trouble, heard for weeks previously, assumed hostile shape by the assembling of a large crowd of natives under the walls of the native city about two miles north of the foreign settlement, and in the immediate vicinity of the French settlement, i.e., the Consulate cathedral mission, and hospital: All that day the crowd indulged in fierce screams and bowls, beating of tom toms and gongs, and assaults of servants of Europeans, and such native Christians as appeared in the streets, each unfortunates being thrashed with long bamboo rods by the leading "braves" who were applauded and encouraged by several hundreds of Chung How's soldiers, evidently in earnest co operation with the gathering assailants. Dr. Frazer, an English surgeon, only escaped personal violence through the fiectness of his horse: The French Consul, M. Fontanior, used his best endeavours to prevent trouble, and made a direct appeal to Chung How to prevent any violence, by detailing a portion of his army (which numbered several thousand) for the protection of his countrymen. Chung How said that he would certainly protect him, and sent two ' glass buttoned Mandarins' (a rank of about the same as a policeman), who were jeered at by the people and driven away. On the succeeding day, Monday, June 20, the tumult continued ; the crowd being largely aug mented, and numbering several thousand ; a French padre was caught, and received 200 blows of the bastinado, The hooting and bowling sur passed that of the previous day. THE MASSACRE. —HEROIC CONDUCT OF A LADY. About noon of the -21st the crowd had re assembled and advanced to the Consulate. The doomed inmates then sought the street, but as they turned the corner a leading brave attacked the Consul, and in an instant hundreds more had joined the assailant, and in less time than it takes to record it they bad out, hacked, and literally torn their bodies almost past - recognition. Blood once having been shed, and two high officials slain these braves knew no fear ; with maddened howls they again sought the Consulate. By the gate they found a priest, whom they instantly killed. M. Thomassien was then caught as he was barring the gate, and out down. Madame Thomassien then came to the wall, and the crowd rushed at her; she drew two self-cocking revolvers and killed, it is said, four or five Chinamen before she was overpowered. Her struggles were of no avail, though, and she was immediately murdered Every house servant at the Consulate, a native priest, and two Canton men were killed, and then the place was set on fire. In an hour, the Consulate, Cathedral, and out-buildings were a mass of ruins. The bodies of the priest; Mons. and Madam Thomassien were thrown into the river, whence they were recovered the next day. THE CROWNING ACT OF TRAGEDY Meantime, after M. Fontanier had been slain, a crowd numbering several thousands bad crossed the bridge of boats and surrounded the mission. The doors wore instantly wrenched from the gate and the crowd filled too inclosure with horrid shouts. A native Christian priest who attempted to guard the door, was seized and torn from limb to limb. Nine of the Sisters were then collected in the large schoolroom ; they were beaten with sticks of bamboo, their clothes torn from their bodies ; they were placed on their beads and cut with knives in the most savage manner, and outraged almost beyond belief ; yet alive, they- were ranged side by side along the room, their cheeks gashed, lips, and nose cut, eyes scooped from their heads, their breasts cut off, and, abdomen ripped open, with largo cleavers their limbs .were cut and broken, and in ten minutes naught remained but their disfigured bodies. Every cruelty which it .Was possible for the. most ' savage barbarian to conceive of was perpetrated . upon these weak, - defenceless, Christian ladies. When . there was no more to do, fire.was applied to the massive buildings, and in a little time they were burned. Sixty or seventy children, who bad sought refuge from the mob in the cellar, were burned to a cruel death. Afterward, six boxes, containing the charred and mangled bonus of the Sisters, were forwarded by Chung How to the English Consul. One of the sisters named Louisa (an English girl, well known in Shanghai as a devoted and faithful friend of the Chinese, and for years a patient toiler in Anglo China hospitals and schools) escaped from the Mission when it was attacked, clad in Chinese garments. She obtained refuge in the house of a rice merchant, where she remained four hours; but upon attempting to escape to the settlement, she was betrayed by her European shoes, and set upon by a crowd which in a few minutes numbered hundreds. She was most shockingly abused, and suffered indignity at the hands of the savages which make the heart sick. All, and more than all her companions had suffered, was she compelled to undergo before death released her. Her body floated down the river on Wednesday a bruised and sickening witness of her cruel death. While the Consulate was in flames three Russians were en route to the foreign settlement —Mr. and Mrs. Protopopoff, and Mr. Bascoff, the former married the day previous — and passing near the building. They were set upon, and although they protested that they wore not missionaries, and only travelling for pleasure, they were dragged to the earth and slaughtered in the most cruel manner. The body of Madam P. was terribly mutilated. Mons. and Madam Chahmaison -lived just inside - the walls of Tien Tsin, and were engaged id trade, keeping all manner of European wares, &c.; . The mob sought them out, and instantly slew them, and gutted the store of everything valuable. Chunghow's troops looked on and saw this act committed, as I learn .from M. Coutres. The bodies of the Russians, and the last named, were thrown in the river, and afterwards rescued while floating past the settlement. THE NAMES OF THE VICTIMS. . Mons. Coutres has kindly furnished your correspondent with the correct names of deceased ; Henri Fontanier, Consul of France ; Mr Simon, Secretary to tlie Consul; M. Thomassein and wife ; Pere Charier, a Catholic priest ; Mr Protopopoff, a Russian officer, and wife; Mr Bascoff, . Sisters — Louisa, (French), Mary Victoria, Theresa, Josephina, Vincenta, Oreha, Eugenie, and Catherine, Mons. and Madam Chalmaison— in all twenty. The Rev. Mr Stanley and family of Cincinnati Ohio, occupied one of the missions, but as be chanced to be absent at the time Mrs. Stanley and Miss Thompson found refuge on board the steamship Manuchu, and thus doubtless escaped a terrible fate. As soon as the slaughter commenced, news of it was carried by the friendly Chinese to the main settlement, and instantly means. of defence were taken. - There- was lying at the levee the American steamship Manchu, Captain Steel, and the English steamship Appin, besides two barques and three schooners. Inasmuch as the deck of the Manchu commanded the entire levee and the main street leading to the city, it was deemed best to centralize means of defence, and so eleven mounted guns wore procured ; guns, rifles, and pistols secured ; the ladies and children hurried on board ; the citizens resolved into a patrol guard, sad as night, closed in they awaited an attack. All that dreary night, Chinese who had been for years employed as servants in foreign houses kept arriving from the city, and brought news of the coming attack. They begged the foreigners to leave, for if they - did not they declared they would all be killed and mutilated, as hod been those on the river. - Mr Gray, the English Consul, Captain Steele of the Manchu, Mr Hannen, Commissioner of Customs, the Rev Mr Lees, the North German Consul, and several others were moat active, and by their vigilance, doubtless prevented an -attack ; for, as spies from the city came down, they were received as friends, shown the guns and piles of ammunition ; told what a tremendous slaughter they should make when attacked, and then allowed to depart bearing the tale of the difficulties the Chinese would encounter in attempting to kill those in the Manchu. There is no room for doubt, but that their cowardice saved the lives of 106 foreigners in Tien Tsin. On the 20th of June, the steamship Dragon had left for Shanghai, carrying requests from the English and French Consuls to send some gunboats hither immediately, and it- was hoped that assistance would arrive as early as the 26th. THE NEXT DAY. _ During the day the bodies of three Russians — Mons. Thomassien and wife, Mons. Chalmaison and wife, and Sister Louisa— floated down on the ebb tide, and were rescued- It was a terrible sight. Stern men wept as they saw the mutilated bodies, and women shrunk, aghast with terror. Many bodies of Chinese came down on the tide, and at flood returned and swept up to the bridge of boats. The bodies of Europeans were put in coffins as fast as recovered. An inquest was unnecessary. A coroner's verdict could only be "Unheard. of barbarism". ARRIVAL OF GUNBOATS. And so passed the day until Sunday, when just as the sun was sinking the English gunboat Oppossum steamed around the bend of the river came on, scattering junks on either side, nobly stood on with guns run out and shotted for instant service, at last were alongside, and received with j as loud and heartfelt cheers - as ever was craft greeted with. The next morning another gunboat, the Avon with several first class guns and 170 English marines, arrived and almost insured safety, and so tho Manchu was relieved of her warlike dress and on the 28th instant departed for Shanghai, . carrying despatches and a large number of Chinese passengers anxious to be away from that city. ?' Ghosts from the Battle Field.' — The Paris correspondent of tbe Daily Telegraph gives the following account of the return of a few troops jfrom the w*r : — ' There were from 150 to 200 mounted troops, in every kind of cavalry uniform, [ riding in the loosest of open order, and mingled pell mell without distinction of uniform or grade. , There did not seem to be any officer in command of this strange squadron. Cuirassiers', hussars, lancers, chasseurs, light dragoens, horse artillery, were all there, higgledy piggledy, battered, ragged, dusty, dirty, jaded, but not crest fallen. Some were so fatigued that they could soarcely keep up in their saddle?, and nodded till the plumes of their helmets mingled with tho manes of their horses, but tbey had still bold words to say, and fuul scorn to burl at the Prussians. These spectral horsemen, these phantom dragoons, were the remnants of the defeat at Weissenburg. This corporal of bu9sars was the sole representative of a whole troop, those five lancers the only survivors of an entire squadron. The rest had perished in the fight, or were lying badly wounded in hospital Thero are no wounded among these men who had just trooped in from the Eastern Railway Station dojdt at Crenelle to be 're-formed.' Indeed they seemed to need reforming altogether, for uohurt soldiers, in a more deplorable state, I never saw. They looked eminently wreched, and for long days past had evidently been , wholly divorced from soap, water, towels, aud olothes brushes— to say nothing of blacking, heelbdll, polishing powder, pipeclay, and the other acees3ories of a smart cavsl-y soldier's toilet. Dinted back and breast pates, dinted caFquop, smirobed garments, torn plumes, spatter dashes incrusted with a fortnight's mud, and never a clean shirt, I should say, among tbe lot. Thus they came baok a ragged regiment. There was about these fragments, and shreds, and scattered leaves whirled from the tempest tossed battle field, somethiog of an ejsentially unsubstantial 8nd ghostly character. They looked pale to uuearthliness in the gaslight. Thtir steeds had a shadowy presence, and . very soon, io stead of resuming their march in a body, these waifs and strays of war scattered, and broko up in twos and threes, aud as a body dissolved, I found myself one ofa group gathered round a solitary cavalier, a slim lad witba pale face, who »as mounted on a big white horse. He was the kind of statute to ask to supper without the rish of fire and brimstone as a nightcap. He was a trumpeter, and 1 fancy blew his own peculiar instrument, oratorioally speaking, lustily. He told us that the Prussians were smashed, riddled, blown up, crushed, pounded into powder, and stamped out. His own regiment, he Baid, had sabred mountains of men. So tbicbly was the ground cumbered with dead Prussians that the French artillerymen could scarcely wheel their guns along. They would hare wou the day had tbey not been betrayed.' - A Representative Shot. — The Atlanta (.Georgia) New Era gives an account of the recent murder of colored representative Claiborne, by Bentley, a colored messenger of tte House. It appears that at about three minutes to 10 o'clock' when both Houses met were about to commence th6 labors of the dsy, three pistol shots were fired in rapid succession, and a cap was heard to snap, denoting that a fourth attempt bad been made to fire. Ou rushing into the lobby a colored man was seen about balf way down the stairs leading up from Marietta street. This was M. Cbaiborne, one of tbe members from Brooks County. It was obvious that he was dying ; he never spoke after be fell; be was shot through the heart His assaasin was Bentley. the colored messenger of the House. Bentley, as messenger of the House, bad under bis charge and control the pages, and recently diBoharged one of them, a colored boy, named AIodzo, wbo was a ward of negro Senator Wallace. This discharge created a good deal ot excitement and indignation among the colored membors gnenerally, who asserted that the boy had been discharged without cause, and Wallace expostulated and finally quarrelled with Bentley, the result of which was the arrest of Wallace for opprobrious language This was answered by Wallace by a plea of privilege, and this question was decided t.y Judge Pittman, who discharged Wallace. We heard it asserted that Bentley wore his pistol incase of a oolliaion with Wallace. Claiborne, going into the House, went to one of the pages and asked for bis letters. Bentloy stepped up and made some remark, and Claiborne said, ' I don't want yoa to speak- to me, you — — : I don't want anything to do with jou ' Bentley replied he would see him outsido about tha\ Claiborne stepped into tbe lobby and walked to the Seuate Chumber with a friend, Bentley following him. Tbo first shot missed Claiborne, and passed through the door of the President's lobby. . The second shot found its way into poor Claiborne's heart The third missed, and wint thr»ugh the dooi of tho office of Public Works. A fourth tirno the trigger was pulled, but it missed fire. Tbe wounded man went steadily down tbe steps for a short distance, but fell on -bis back ab ut half way dowu ; he nover spoke agnio The excitement which lollowed was most intense, and had not ceased when tbe Legislature adjour ed. Attbeiimo of the shooting the members iu the House rose and scattered in every direction, and in the Senate the excitement was scaroely less, nnd it was until nearly half an hour altor the regular tin e that the Senate wbs called to order. Tbe murderer, after committing tbe deed, walked calmly into the House, and went to hia desk, holding the pistol, and .waited uutil Lieutenant Queen, of the oity police, came and took bim into custody.— Tiirwi, - ???. ? ? I ? — ? ? ? — . Bl8MASCl£-ANJ- G^stMAN Ukity.— B, 8m»,JS LS l0.ve r0fa .hil?h luLdcd 8lrot|l diBo.pIinartnn form of government, had been drl ardent admirer of Austrian rule till he J'l Austrian and German representatives at tli/i Diet of Frankfort; and from tbat moment liff '! took to despising the power and pretension, 0f - Austrm and began to oul'ivate the popular aspiration (or Germnn unity vitli tbe E0've tieJ to tho greatness of Prussia. If a really faithIul biography of this man should ever be mitten ii ' will probably abow that the idea of the agqramji,: ment of Prussia at tho expense of Austria aoj Germany never entered his head until he becams' engaged in tho business of bis mission Frankfort. And that biography would contain matter of greater interest still if it ahou|d revea, how the Minister President learned the art of ; working other men's wills to hia own purpose.' Feared and hated, as be baa beoa for De,,|y t generation by Germans of -he South and QermW j of the North, by Prussians at home and bv?-- ! Austnans abroad, distiusted as he has been fc, , ministers ar.d potentates, to what mys-erW agency does he owe bis wonderful influence ore/ two successive kings of Prussia, whose desij and whose policy were in many respects so' different from his own ; to what secret pDHe/ may be attributed the fact that he has led bii[ country on in a career contrary to its tradition, its most recent decisions, and its will; insisted upon Germany following the lead of the state against whose dictation it has through many ages most strenuously protested, and driven cut of the kingdoms and duchies on both sides of the Main the great empire in whose favour, through out all the long controversy between Austria and Prussia, the Diet of Frankfurt again and. again recorded its vote ? Germans love freedom and this man is a pure despot. The states of Germany delight in independence, and he dominates over them absolutely. Romance in War — A Prussian journal is ? responsible for the following :— The Crown Prince! of Prussia, arriving at Si. Mihiel on the 20th August, took up his quarters at the Town Hill,: part of which was inhabited by the mayor of the place. The Crown Pi ince being told 'that the:', lady mayoress had on that very day given birth' to a little stranger, expressed his regret to the mayor at being compelled to fill the house with so much noise, and requested him to offer his congratulations to the lady of the house. In the evening, on making inquiries from the mayor about the progress of his wife, who, true to her sex, had immediately understood the profit she might derive from the occasion, he was told by the mayor, 'My wife has ordered me to give expression to her deep gratitude for the most gracious attention of your Royal Highness, and we should consider it our greatest liappinejs to fci allowed to christen our first-bcm sob upon the J name of our most noble viotor.'. Tbe Cr.mn Prinoe smiled, and said, ' I. do not object. You ; may put down my name ia the register godfather, ! to your boy, and you may fed sure that, whichever 1 turn affairs may ta'te, I 6hall always remember ; my godson.' On his departure he loft a valuibla !'? pin for the lady mayoress and a present ol fifty : : ducats for' his godchild. Surely the Germani f have not left a prettier memento anywhere on ! French soil. ? 