GUILDFORD BOROUGH COUNCIL. ' : "Wednesday, Juno 29. -./j :!<\ Present: Jamos Nowmari, Esq., ' (Mayor) 'arid Crs Biaggi, Wobb,;: Turnor, Beattio, Dolphin and Sinolair; , ' ! Inward Correspondence.— From the Road's and Bridges dopartmont, in reference to the proclama- tion of mam roads m the borough. The borough bad asked to- have three different roads proolomed main roads, but the Bonds department declinod to pro claim all three, but would proclaim two on the borough notifying which two were the most seeded. Tho Mayor thought' tho road at Mr Ologue's and that going towards Yandoit (tho telegraph road), wore tho most needed. Tho Oiork who had been in" Molbourne, and lmd an interview wiLh the Commis sioner, stated what took placo. The view of the Mayor was finally carried. . From the , borough of Ballarat, asking the Council's co operation insetting the railway fares greatly reduced. Received, 'hud on tho motion of Crs Biaggi and Dolphin, the assist n6oo of the Council promised. From Inspoot'or of Board of Health, stating that ho" would visit' the borough on Thursday, Juno 30. Received. "From Roads and Bridges, office, enolosing the report of Air Turner, the Government Engineer, on tho state of tho bridge across tho Loddon at Guildford. Re oeived. Mr Turner did not think tho bridge in" a dangerous state, but recommended some repairs. Cr Biaggi moved that application bo mado for £200, for tho repair of the bridge, Or Webb seconded, but an amendment by Cr Dolphin, that tho matter stand over, was carriod. From the Campbell's CreokRoad Board, declining to' appear at tho amolgamation meeting. Received.' From J. "W. Amos, of Fryers- town, in reference to the levels of Fryers- street. The letter stated that the levels had been taken, bat that - the information askrid- oould riot- be famished; as tho papers had been destroyed. - - The letter was reeeivod, and some portion of.it referred to a committee meet ing. From Mr George Merrifield, solicitor, " in re ference to his hill; itnd .stating his willingness, if' tho Council desired, to have tho bill examined by a solicitor. Letter received, and subject to stand over ' till next mooting. , From George Godfreo, contrao- - tor, : stating that his . contraot for road: metal was completed, and asking for payment. Reoeived, . Reports. — The Treasurer reported that there was a balance at the hank of £10G 10s. The Rata Col lector ropofted i.hat lie had collected £178 4si: The TroasnroH»d-i«veived"£3v 15s for"a" beer license. The Surveyor had oxamiried the roadway noar tho residence of Air A. Dallas, and recommended that a . crossing be made, there, as it was a road, and much used. Tho Council approved the report, and ordered . a orossing to bo made, leaving it in tho hands of the Surveyor. , - Burgess Roll. — Tho Olork presented tho roll for inspection and approval. A good deal :of . disoussion ensued, os sevoral of the ratepayers, hnd complained that when they came, to pay. their rates thoy could notfind the Clerk. Cc'Beattio thought, all who had paid up to date should bo' put on the roll. GrDol- phin was for using last year's roll. The question was fully aygued, nnd';Cr Berittie moved his resolu- : tion and it was'carricd, ; Accounts.— Messrs Garner and Wharton, Fryers road contract, £20, progress" payment. J. Valianco, £1 5s, inonding Ballarat rpad. i Metal.-tTIio Council ordored that; some road metal bo spread at a coat pot exceeding two pounds, on tho Ballarat road. Cox's . Road. — The Mayor drew the attention of tho Council to tho r'ond-at the top of Shicer Gully, and the absolute necessity of its being looked after. It was decided to . take prompt action and Imvo the road left iptnet, and tlio necessary instructions to that effect; wero given to tho Surveyor. ; Toll Money. — Tko'Clork reported his interview with Air Stoaveuson, "Assistant-Commissioner of Roads and Bridges, about the toll money.: A promise wus given that it should bo .attended to as soon as tho oxaot snm due to the borough could bo ascer tained. . Tenders'. — For oloaring tho : water tables of tho common toll road, about fifty olioins: Gardner and Wharton, £16 18s j Jeremiah Cooper,- £14 18s Gd ; Jamos Hill, £14 18s Gd,-, J. Halloran, £12 lis 3d. Tho tonder of the latter was accepted. Comtlaint — Air Hocking complained that. the water channel near his residonco' was obstructed, and injury thereby 'dorie him. Tho Surveyor was ' instructed to inspect and roport on the grioyanco. Toll Road.-— Or Dolphin wonted something dono to tho common toll rood. It was in a most dis- ' graceful stato; the . worst in tho district. - The 200 ynrds of' metal spread -upon it' recently v could not now bo Been. Tho - othor councillors thought there were muoh worse roads, and .would do nothing more for the road, ... . Letter. — Tho letter of Mr J. W- Amos was con sidered, and the levels brought up again for tho fiftieth time, Cr Sinclair made an bffort_to carrjL liis point nbaut theTorol 'ln 1,011 t of 'D 19 promise's. He offered and wished to hove the facte stilted, und a legal opinion obtained. The Alayor rather.loanod towards Or Sinclair's view of tho case, but thought as ho was interested, he had better retire whilo the question was being discussed. On Or Sinclair de murring, the Mayor said it was simply o matter of taste on liis part, .whether - ho, romainod or not. Finally Cr Sinolair left the Counoil Chamber. After the whole ground had ;boen debated ovor sevoral times, tlio Council decided to lay tho " ghost", of tho levels permanently; and , did so, ' so that the noxt movement, if any, must bo initiated by Cr Sinclair. New' Carving Machine. — In tho maohiuo reoently invented tho wood to bo carvod is fastened firmly to tile bed by movable clamps adjustable to suit any required Bizo of wood, nnd the cutters are fnstouod to o ."spindle, movod by a universal joint iu any dirobtion upon the bed of the triachiuQ. Tho'cuttbr is fiuided by hand, the guido resting agsinit the pattorn. , The carving / can bo gauged to any. required -dopth, nnd made to conform to any require j pattern. A i»n bloiyJ away chips as ' fast ' at thoy are produced, leaving the work coristautly jn yiew of the operator, /"bo samo tool that onts tlio mortise also outa the tenon, tho two piecos'-of work to be dovetailed being clampod together to tho end of the tablo../ At a seauoo iu Oineinnbtti tlio othcr-fl'SH n man burst into tears wlienltiiQ modiutnyJcscribod a tell blue-oyed spirit standing by lijm with light sido whiBkors and his liair.parted in/the. mulillo, " Do you know him f" iriqui'rod man at his side in n sympatliotio whisper.! " Know him 1 -I guess I do," replied tlio uulmppy njnti, .wiping his oyes. !' Hja was engaged to ipy -wife. If ho hadn't died he would liavo been hor husband "instead of mo." Charles 'Stone/formerly: a sergeant in tho 2nd Dragoon Guards, has! just died at Newbury, in his ninetiotii year. He was one of tho few remaining yoteraua who fought ja the Buttle of Waterloo, 