DR. NEWTON, THE MIRACLE WORKERn. (Fromn tIe Sturda.v Review.) Prom America, the land of wonders, has come lately a healer of diseases by imposition of hands, who professes to work by love and by the help of the holy angels. The world is no wiser than it was, and any ex periment upon its credulity, if made boldly, is certain to succeed. Dr. Newton, from America,isprepared to work miracles on something more than the apostolic seale, and if hlie were to give twenly-four hours' notice of his visit to any town in England, the largest room in that town would not hold the patients that would assemblo to be healed by him. He op peared lately in London, and the lame, blind, and deaf collected at Cambridge Hall, Newma-s-treet, Oxford-street, and almost persuaded themselcen that bis touch relieved their sufferings. The room and the approaches to it were so densely crowded, that no body could get near the prophet creept by pretending to need his help ; and thaus it happened tlhat many persons who were perfectly well whenr they entered the room were also perfectly well when they quitted it, and were regarded by the multitude as proofs of a divine agency, which had come amono them .. . To do the new prophet justice, he appears to believe firmly in himself; and when he said to a lame woman, "Love me and walk," it is probable that he expected both processes to be simultaneously performed. It may be allowed that some of the visitors to Cambridge Hall either may lhave been, or may have fancied that they were, better after their visit. The familiar description of the working of the hommopathists "by faith and powdered sugar," embodied a prinolple which is appli cable to all varieties of quackery. The scientific phy sician who has learned by much study the littleness of human knowledge dors not promise more than be can perform; while the impudent pretender to science, of which be only knows enough to misapply its lan guage, promises eversy thing; and if nature performs something he claimea, and usually gets, the credit of it. There is no reason why the imagination, which is powerful in nervous disorders, should not be beneficially affected by a visit to Dr. Newman, as well as to others who have claimed similar gifts before him. The medical advisers of railway companies consider that nervous disorders are frequently imwo ginary, and it is quite possible that the care, as well as the disease, may be produced by a mental effort. The only wonder that we can see in Dr. Newton's performance is that it should have ceased. We ahonld have thought that he might have filled Cam bridge Hall and the adjoining streets, at least during floe weather, for any number of successive days, until the police would have been compelled to declare that even a prophet must move on, and that, althoughl Dr. Newton might interrupt the course of nature, he could not be permitted to obstruct the streets of London. It would have been pleasant to see Mr. Bruce, when he hlas regulated theb cabs and reprieved all the mur derers, sitting down to frame a proclamation to this effect: Deparea resnsdbfente D ieu Dn tre miracle dans ce lieu. It is comparatively tolerable that Dr. Newton abstains from spiritualistie jargon, and simply enrols himself among the number of the prophets. "It is all love." He claims no more than the manifest possession of a power which existe in all of us in a latent state, and which practical Christianity would enable us to use. This perhaps is more encouraging to humanity in general than to Mnr. Bruce, becauseif practical Chris tians are to set up business in every public room in London, and even in the parks, the police will find that between prophets and pickpookets they will have much more work on hand than they can manage. Dr. Newton, who operates by love, extends the pas sionate yearnings of his heart even to the editors of Englishb newspapers which, as hlie says, abuse him; and he is kind enough to offer to love these editors, and to take them to his armsajust as he would any of the people who surrounded him. We, are informed by witnesses of these prpceedings that the heat of the crowded room and the violentexcitement of Dr. New' ton, had produced effects which need not be further particularised than by-aying, that his bate would at that moment have been preferable to his love. The corpulent Q.ueen's Counsel who declared bis in' tention to throw himself on his lordship on a warm day did not inspire the judicial bench with greater terror than we feel at the prospect of being loved by Dr. Newton. We do not, however, reckon ourselves among the number of his enemies, and therefore we are entitled to require that we may not be embraced by him. He is probably an enthusiast who deludes himself and others; and if some sick and maimed people are worse for travelling to visit him, others posslhly may be better. If the exhibition of credulity at Cambridge Hall was painful, it was accompanied by examples of family affection os real as those which were evoked by the fame of the miracles of the New Testament. The inexhaustible credulity of the public can wel come Dr. Newton from America without wavering in its allegiance to the established miracle-workers of native growth. In gratitude for Dr. Newton's visit, we venture to eapress the hope that Morison'e pills are taken in America. The pretensions of Morison to the discovery of a universal remedy have not in tihe least abated, and the proprietors of his panacea would doubtless assure Parliament that tbhe Contagious Dis eases Act might be advantageously reduced to a single clause, requiring infected pereons to take his pills regu. larly. In exebange for the manipulations of Dr. New ton, we offer to America the pills of Morison,althbough we believe that the manipulations would do no harm, whichl is morethan we would venture to afirm concern ing the pills. They are offered as a universal remedy, as appears from a recent publication, in which John Morison, the son of the original hygeist, recommenda them as a substitute for vaccination, of which he is a resolute opponent. He informs readers that in his youth he was attacked, after vaccination, with small-pox and his father told him to trust in the pills, and he did trust in them. It was an affect ing example of fllial piety that was shown by the younger Morison, in taking, at the bidding of hin father, fifteen pills twice a day, by way of assisting nature to get rid of the poison of emall-pon. He hieas now succeeded to tlhe chief priesthood of the hygeian system, and he ought to honour the memory of its founder by singing daily, to a well-known air, "The pill-box, the pill-box, the pill-box of my sire !" e opposes vaccination by Scriptural as well as scientific argument. He aske whether Our Lord ever men tioned that the Kinedom of Heaven was com posed of little children who had been vacci nated. The highest authority for his system, after the Bible, is Shakespeare, who is supposed, when he made the Ghost in "Hamlet" speak of "a most instant tetter" on hIis body, to have described, in a prophetic spirit, the evils which vacei nation would inflict upon the human race. The memorial, to James Morison in the Euston-road is adorned with a figure of the British lion, whichl ought properly to be taking a pill, and it has some lines of Shakespeare inscribed on it. The belief in theegcleay of the pills appears to have been held as firmly by those whom James Morison employed as by his own son. Woe are not aware that a traveller for a wine or beer merchant would be required to drink his em ployer's liquors except in the hours of duty ; but every one concerned in making or selling Morison's pills seem to have delighted in opportunities of prorv ing their effsey in his own person. 