iATER ]dUROPEAN NEIWS. (Froti CaliforniaPa1 , r.) LONDON, December 13.--ior, Mnjasitys Ministers held thrco Cabinot meotings dat. ing tho woolo, to consider the present oriti. eal condition of publio afairs in Ire. land, with the state of the island generally. It was relolvcd to proclaimn thle County Tipporary, provinceo of Munstor, and county and city of Londondorry, in Ulster, as being in a state of insurrection, as do. soribod in a lato Aot of Plarliamont provid. ing'tboroforoe, and so empowering them to sotl that five thousand additional troops be immediately dispatohed to Ireland, rals. ing the 'total force of the regular army thero to about thirty'thousand men. This is to mooeet the emergency at present. On the asombliog of Parliament, on the 10th of Januaryg, a bill will be immediately in. troducoed to oempower the Goverornmont to 'nsuspend the thabeas orpue in Ireland by exoecutive order, not wiiting for an Act of the Legisleture, when deemed nooossary for publio safety to do so, ionsr, blcember 10,--The Pope doll. vered ?an Allocution before the oasombled Bishops, He expressed his satislnoutlon at being able to open tllo Couwoil on the day which had been.fixed, and at finding the Biehops had come in such numbers to aid the Holy See, helped by the Holy Spirit. Foaith in human schemes and all implety were nveir so strong as at the present day ; for they were well organised, and hid them. selves behind pretended appearances for liberty. [But there was nothing to fear, because the Church was stronger even than Heaven.] iut time would remedy present evils. The Holy Father concluded with an in. vocation to the Holy Ghost, to the Blessed Virgin, and to Saints Peter and 'Paul. iecember 11.-The (Ecumeniecal Coun. cil adjourned till after Epiphany. MIuch oppositiou is expected on it're.ansembling, but the Popo is.said to be sure of the co. operation of the ALerican Bishops. Paris, December 11.--'The French Go. vernment has made known to the (Ecu. menicnl Council that the infallibility is an in opportune question from a religious view;' politically, it places France otherwise than eccordiiig to the Concordats, and releases her from obligations then accepted. Dublin, December 14.--A gun shop in this city was entered last nighjt by unknown parties, and the owner shot, The assassins escaped. Another gun shop was entered shortly after and the owner fired at. A number of pistols were taken away. Private advices received here assert that General Prim contemplates a coup d'etal. lHe is sure of 80 votes in the Cortes, and will proclaim the Duke of Genoa King, and then present a law of the Cortes making himselfl Rogont during his min6rity. It is said that he confidently relic on the sup. port of the army, the Generale.being in hirs favour, and that he will send for the Duke of Genoa to carry out the scheme. On the other hand, a publie despatch from Madrid announces that Prim made a speech yester day in the Cortes, in which he denied any intention to make a coup d'etat. He du. dlared, however, that he believed an irm. mensemajorityinthecountry wore in favour of the Duke of Genoa; that his mother was willing her son should accept the crown, and in all probability the Duke would soon be proclaimed King. 