THE GHOST SVORY OF PLINY THE YOUNGER. (J'i om Oiue a Wccl ) "WHEN was the first ghost story told? At what peuodinthe world's infancy did the minds of man hrst feel the dread delight, the awful attraction, which modern scepticism has deprived us all of, except children and village lasses5 We confess we cannot tell And instead of collecting scattered fragments from antiquity, we subjoin a translation of a ghost Btory, perfect and complete, of the respectable age of eighteen centuries, which so terrified the calm philo- sopher Pliny, of Christian hating reputation, that he wrote to his friend Sura, the consul, to ask whether it could be true. So exactly doeb this story corres- pond in all the ghoBtly elements to authentic narra- tives, which inundate the waste paper baskets of maga/me editors every Christmas, that we can- not tbmk it the firBt attempt of the invention in this direction Toets must have lived before Homer and dealers in the supernatural must have traded on man's love for the marvellous long before the time of Pliny's informant We meet with ghosts ' in the ' Iliad," and I schjlus twice introduces them on the stage Indeed, the belief in their appearance natuially arose from the idea that, until a man waa dec ntly buried, old Charon would not convey his soul across the slimy Stjx, but left it to squeak and gibber on this tide the stream. Hence it was const tiered a greater crime at Athens to leave a parent un buriea than to allow him to 6taive to death. An l that beautiful play of Sophocles, in which Antigon» suffers death rather than leave her brother's corpse unburied, had a far greater charm in Pagan Athen then it cm have in Christian England. But we are digressing. Here is the promised story, from th° twenty-seventh epistle ol the seventh book of Pliny, the younger - There was, at Athens, a house, large and spacious, but with a bad name In the silence oi the night there was wont to be heard in it the rattling of iron, and, if j ou listened more attentively, the clash of chains, hrst at a distance, then hard by Presently there appeared a ghost-an old man, lean and squalid, with long beard and rough hair He carried fetters on his legs and gyves on his wrists, shaking them as he walked Hence every night was Epent in wakeful terror by the inhabitants Sickness followed vigils, and death bickness Tor even durine the day time, though the phantom had departed, the recollection oi it clung to them, and the terror lasted 'onger than that which caused it. Accordingly the house was deserted, condemed to bohtude, and entirely given up to the spectre. It was advertised, neveitheless, to be let or sold, m case anyone, not knowing the circumstances, should be willing to pur- chase Athenodorus, the philosopher, came to Athens, read the notice, asked the terms, and having his suspicions roused by the low price, made inquiries, and heard the whole story. So far from shrinking, he took the house all the more eagerly. When evening drew near, he orders his conch to be placed in the front room, calls for a writing-tablet, a style,* and a light, dismisses all his attendants, and devotes his ittention-eyes, head, and hands-to wilting, lest his mind, being unemployed, should con- jure up fancied sights and sounds. At first there was the silence of night, deep as elsewhere ; then the clash of iron and the rattling ol chains. He neither raised his eyes nor relaxed his style, but fixed his attention upon his work The clink grew louder, carne neater, and sounded, now at the door, now within the room He looks up, sees and recognises the spectre described. It stood and beck- oned with its hand, as if calling him. Ile made a sign with his finger for it to wait a little, and again settled down to his tablets and style. It rattled its chains at his head as he wrote. He looked up again, making the same sign as before, and without furthei delay took the candle and followed. It walked with slow step, as if weighted with the chains After turning into the courtyard of the house.it suddenly sbpped into the earth and disappeared. Ile piled some weeds and leaves to mark the'spot, and, the next day, going to the magistrates, advised them to order the place to be excavated A skeleton was found, the fieBh all wasted avvaj by putrefaction, and the bare bones bound in fetters and chains. It was taken up and publicly buried, end after that the house was no more troubled A style was n substitute for a pen , it wns used to write on n wooden tablet, coi cred with a thin coating of wax, and therefore hnd only one sharp point. 