OUR ADELAIDE LETtER. (From our own Correspondent.) ~ March If). 1870. Have jou not some youn^- lawyers in the district to take compassion uponyour political destitution? Badly, off as the districts near. Adelaide are for candidates, they, cannot complain of the severe dearth that affects Victoria. A fine crop of young gentlemen of the long robe is springing up to meet the emergencies of the times. With them it is pure patriot-, ism, for they, cannot really afford such a sacrifice of time-as the ; position of a member will entail. Several of them are briefless barristers, panting after a reputation which they have hitherto been unable to earn in thb thorny paths of law, and now are seeking in the devious ways of politics and legislation. Their phjlanthrophy must have a vent. Checked in their anxiety to mate a;posi tion for themselves, they have come to despise money,.,and..to espouse their country's interests without -regard to their own. ...It.isa goodrand.a '.pleasant, thing to se& sucH'self- sacrifice, and it is to be hoped that the Mount Gambier bar - will emulate the Example of the "bar at "Adelaide. . ? ? The. country 19; still exhaling election . meetings. In every township the dm of electoral strife is heard. Every tap room has itsijfaffiRer .displayed, or- icarefully hidden a^^jawaiti'ng! jSign to be given by^spme moiiied candii date. The public is exhibiting an inte rest. in the appeal:now being, made £o -it which speaks well for its political "insoin holency, or betokens a sad lack'.oif better, employment. Candidates are J being examined, and cross-examined with,.an assiduity for which, .in many , instances, they were evidently not prepared. !In more than one place an intrepid voter hasi challenged the replies of the parliamen tary aspirant, and candidates who had hoped to sail comfortably into, the next House have been rudely put to the right about andinade to feel excessively uncom fortable. I have already alluded to Mr. Colton's reception in one part of the district that two years.ago seemed indis solubly wedded to him. Since then his has held a round of meetings and has by no, means received a cordial welcome. .The, very best that has been done for him was to carry a vote in his favor by a majority of one/ This took place fit MacLaren Vale, thet stronghold where his best; friendsr and kindred live. In other locaHties ho has been courteously listened to, but the voting has been very discouraging. Cofob and Co., and their contracts . v evidently stick in (" the gizzards_ of the electors, and the Commissioner of. Public "Works is likely to be made a vicarious offering to appease the wrath of- the constituents, against the Chief Secretary. Mr. Stewart, a. local. resident, is running. with Mr. Carr, and the race, in every probability, will terminate in flavor of this pair.; At West Torrens the position of affairs is unaltered. With strange perversity, only excused by the scantiness of their choice, the electors are worshipping their great wooden image Bean, whilst the Attorney General in public meetings is nowhere.; Nickeling is calmly contemplating" the turbulence from which he hopes to profit. He has a solid phalanx of snpporters/and his oratory, brilliant as it is, is not likely very greatly to improve his prospects. Our . trusty well-beloved Treasurer has completed a triumphant campaign upon the Peninsula, and last night met some 700 or 800 persons at Port Adelaide,. His speech was decidedly - one of the most judicious that' has proceeded from the Ministerial side. It rendered prominent the very few things for which the Minis try can claim credit, and prudently left in the background the legion of things for which they have received such uni-. j versal condemnation. Mr. Hughes, like j his colleague, with'wonderful sang froid conceals from himself the disagreeable fact that his official existence is virtually at a close. No one has the least confi dence in the present administration, and not a word has yet been said in its favor that will carry weight with the public. Referring to Mr. Hughes personally, !; must say his chances to be returned for. Port Adelaide have brightened consider ably. He has three opponents, but he is; first favorite on the Peninsula, chiefly; through his unpopularity at the Port. Even at the latter place, however, he evidently made a favorable impression; last<hight. If he had not been spoiled by office £e would/probably have gone in even for. the South-East rwith flying colors. Mr. Cavanagh is safe for Yatala, and that is more than can be said for any of his colleagues in' the - districts they have chosen to offer themselves for. East Tjorrens has to; phooseia cblleague forMr.JIay-^mD^ andtwo yofog^latfyers, Mr." GeoV Sjevdnson: and Mr." Mildred. A strenuous attempts being mado to keep. out. the redoubtable Danj and every one oixtsido of- the district cordially wishes it success. East Adelaide has finally , to make its selection from three candidates, three others having retired from a generous desire not to imperil the cause of Protection. Tho two whose views; upon encouragement to native industry are most consonant with the talking potatoes of- public meetings, are Messrs. Cottrell and D. Murray; but my humble opinion (to borrow a phrase from the Treasurer) is that Mr. D. Fowler will not come in last. .West Adelaide is favored with five candidates, Messrs. P. B. Coglin, S. Eaphael, J". Mi Solomon, J. Darling, andH.E. Puller. The latter stands not the ghost of a chanco. Ho could scarcely obtain a hearing :'at a meeting the other night, and the proba bility is ho will not persevero in his candidature. , The Cobb and Co. cry has proved too much for him entirely. In Barossa, ' Baker . ia being enthu siastically received^ and .his travel ling companion, Charles Simeon Hare, is obtaining a fair amount of sup port. For the Burra, Mr. Mann has oflered himself, in addition to the two old members, Neales and . Boucaut. Mr. Strangways has also had an invitation to stand, and he will probably respond to it favorably when the West Torrens con stituents have given him his letter of dismissal. Onkaparinga has at length procured a local candidate in the person of Dr. Weld, who, with Mr. Playford, and Mr. Erichauff, has been canvassing the district. The probabilities are in favor of Playford and Weld. Mount Barker has obtained Bamsay in place of Sogers, and in Encounter Bay the old members, Messrs. "Everard and Blyth fare having a warm tussle with two local men. Victoria, I hear, will soon have choice enough, for Mr. Affleck's name is mentioned, in addition to three or four who have announced their readiness to stand. The. Southern Cross has given a .list of the Catholic candidates.. Many of these will not be particularly thankful*.for their advocacy , of the papacy does ,not " carry , much more ;than a negative influence iri; the majority,, of'.the constituencies. I see that the Advertiser of this morning reviews the Opposition manifesto, issued within the last few days in a very resent-, ful spirit. An explanation for one-half its indignation is given in the ? first few sentences of the article which ingenu ously alludes to the well-known fact that the canvasser for the paper tried to get the document as an advertisement and did!not succeed. Employment has at length been found for Mr.'J. W. Lewis. He is-to succeed, as Collector of Customs, Mr.Douglas, 'whose long and earnestly;, cherished; am bition to become; (Government ^Resident of the Northern Territory has been grati fied. It is rumored that the. Government were extremely reluctant to cariy out this arrangement of offices, notwithstand ing its palpable propriety, and that Messrs. Lewis and Douglas appealed to the Governor to assist in bringing matters to a speedy issue. i - 