THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1870. It is the privilege of Ancient Mariners, according to Coleridge, to hold people j by the button, and fascinate them with tales of the sea. It is not necessary that all the victims of curiosity so held ahould be wedding-guests. Others than the glove-bearers of bridegrooms are as curious as bridesmaids arid bridesmen. It is with a surprise of a, pleasant kind, therefore, that the ghost which lives in the pages of the history of an Ancient Mariner, takes the public by the button hole, to tell thein of a story in which they are curiously interested, and of which they will be,glad to be reminded. It is a hundred, years ago, on the I9th instant—as we are' thus reminded —since first the greatest of all British explorers-by, sea, Captain Cook, saw from tbe "deck of. the barque Endeavour' a prominent portion of that part of the Australian continent which has since ■ become known as Victoria. Long before April 1770, however, the existence of a great south land had been made known to the-geographers of the Old World. Those hardy Dutchmen who were among the most daring and adventurous of the seamen of . two centuries agoj had seen- the Australian land on its, south-western side. They had made I acquaintance with that bold, exposed, stormy, and dangerous portion of the ] coast, to the most prominent headland of which they had given the name of Cape Leuwin—in other words Cape Sea Lion—the name bearing double signi ficance, having been that of the ship of the explorer who first saw and named It,. and of those formidable sea-monsters which abounded on the beach (probably teals 'of a Methuselahist type of age), affrighted the ' hardy seamen, and in duced them to give a character to the newly-found land which re-consigned it to oblivion for about a century of years. It was a laud of fires,, wood, and monsters—an undesirable country. Cook was more fortunate' than Dam pier and Dibk Hartogg. Bounding the southernmost point of the Tasmanian , coast, and running along its eastern shore, he missed Bass's Straits in the most singular: way, only to sight the mainland of ; Australia, however, at Point Hicks—between the Snowy River and Cape Howe—which he did exactly a hundred years ago. Thence, following an eastern in place of a western route, because of the land being then in sight, he rounded Cape Howe, and in due time found Botany Bay. How he there claimed this great island on behalf of England, how he planted the British flag, how he made acquaintance with the natives, complimented the chiefs, and tested the strength of the aboriginal warriors in athletic games and feats of strength with that of the seamen of the Endeavour—how he missed Port Jackson, coasted along the land now known as Queensland, passed inside the Great Barrier Beef, hove-down the good ship Endeavour on an unknown coast to repair damages sustained from the coral rocks, and finally passed out to the northward into other waters by. Cape York—is it not all recorded in that marvellous record of his voyages with which all schoolboys are as familiar and. almost as much fascinated as they are with Robinson Crusok. In recalling this old tale of an Ancient Mariner, something more, naturally, pre sents itself for consideration than mere dates. Marvellous as the progress of Australia has been during the last score of years, we cannot forget that it is nearly two hundred years ago since the existence of at least a very large and somewhat mysterious island in these high Southern latitudes was made known in Europe. We have also to recall to memory that it is since Point Hicks was first seen by the Captain of the Endea vour, that the United States of America have risen to power. The English taxed tea had not then been thrown into the harbour of Boston. The English and French adventurers had not ventured far back from the coasts. The Jesuits were in California; but little was heard of their doings, and nothing at all was known beyond what was told in the tales of hunters, of the; lands through which run the Missouri and the Plate, or of those which circle the great lakes. Virginia was still a land of "plantations;" and for many long years afterwards that great desert which the Mormons have made to bios aom as the rose was the terror of the trapper, and a special object of aversion even to the traveller on discoveries in tent. Numerous, ingenious, wealthy, and interesting tribes" of Red men occu pied the country in which the white men tew irow intforfctt itates ; and while the latter flourish and ;row apace the former have passed away, mme leaving not a trace' "to mark vhero their; gardens . had been," and itliers to be represented by only a few powerless and decaying families of tribes >f great repute in their curious, old, and )ften remarkable tribal legends. Ilow the one country rose while the ither was utterly neglected, is well-known ;o everybody. America, because of its learness, and of the unlimited area which ;t presented for occupation and utilisa tion, naturally drew to its shore the sur plus population of England and Europe, uid that most valuable class of colonists —those young heroes of adventure, who, possessing health,* hope, - capital, confi dence, and influential connexion's, dared to endeavour to build upfortunes' and create ; Lomes ,for; themselves " towards the setting sun." No such hopes were centred in the lands of. the Southern seas, which were known only to geo graphers, and by them were regarded as places to be avoided. Even when the eyes of politicians were drawn to them it was only Atd ; Lregard, ' them' as con venient and sufficiently far distant places to- use for discharging upon than a class'of emigrants who " left their country for their country's good," but were of a very different type indeed from the " Pilgrim Fathers." Australian life, . in fact, may be said to have begun' little more than half a century ago. Even now there are fewer people in the combined colonies of Australia than there is in the ■single'.city of New York. . Our real, active, progressive life may, in sober truth, be said to have only commenced less ..than a score of years ago, when the - first >bit of yellow gold was discovered on the Turon, only to be followed' by the development of the greater gold-fields of' Victoria—of Glunes, Bendigo, Ballarat, Uastleraaine, &c.;, in rapid succession. In its real life, therefore, Australia has scarcely as yet escaped from its boyhood. We trust, how ever, that the things we have done will be an earnest of those which we shall do. If so much has been done in forty or fifty years, • and in scarcely more than twenty of real working life,—if in that time Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, and Brisbane ' have been built—how much more will be done before upon the news paper writer of that day devolves the duty of reminding the generation for which he will write that two hundred years have elapsed since Captain Cook saw the high lands of Victoria, aud was enchanted with the beauties of Botany Bay? The work done has been that of giants—let us hope that the labourers who will succeed us will be equally in dustrious and as successful. 