STATE EDUCATION. 'Whether is it a good sign or a bad one that so comparatively little is said at elec tion meetings on the education question', It is often enmioli intrnfltified hnth hv fiWtnra and candidates, but it is never discussed. Invariably the same kind of questions are asked regarding it, and the same answers are given. It occasions no collision, and hardly even evokes the slightest difference of opinion. Either the public are growing indifferent on this question, or public opinion has so thoroughly matured that everybody understands what the sequel will be. It appears to us tliat the controversy lias reached a virtual settlement. The principles of the new Education Bill have been tacitly determined by the electors in their own minds. They know that legisla tion as to national schools cannot be much longer delayed, and that when it is initiated it can pursue only one course. The pro gramme of the educational reformer lies cut and dried before him— at least up to a certain point. Secularism .and local rating i are inevitable. The abolition of fees and compulsory attendance may still ba too much for some defenders of the present system, hut they have misgivings as to j their power of resistance. ; The advocates of national education are self-poasessed and patient. They feel the strength of their position, and can bide their time. Its opponents have passed from the protesting into the despair ing stage. At the election meetings they find no encouragement to repeat their non jtossumus. Among candidates they can find no bold uncompromising champion. Among constituents they cannot form the ghost of a party. The denominational plat form is a wreck, and its broken spars arc drifting hither and thither everywhere. The Attorney-General, who predicted only three months ago that it would ride safely through every danger, has incontinently deserted it. When before his constituents he twice declared that the new system should have as little denomina tionalism in it as possible. If that is the Government policy, what have denomina tionalists. to expect from the Opposi tion? Certainly very little from the new class of local members who will soon predominate in the Assembly. These are almost to a man not only theo retical but practical advocates of State schools. They are thoroughly familiar with all the defects of the present arrangement, and they have decided opinions as to the only effective cure. They arc less under the influence of dominant sects than the metropolitan reformer. They have more courage to fare the disagreeable incidents of reform — local rating, and a better organization of schools. The stronger localism grows in the Legislature the more thoroughly will questions of tln3 kind be canvassed. It promises to be strong enough in next Assembly to ensure speedy if not immediate attention to State education. Unconsciously believing that the great object is secure, the electors have numbered it among their settled expectations for the future. In the mother- country the State school is also making resistless progress. The re formers there have gone the whole length of the secular programme— local rating, free teaching, and compulsory attendance. Only a few months ago these columns contained an account of the formation of a National Education League at Birmingham. That institution lias now sixty-three branches throughout the United Kingdom, and seventy-two more in process of establish ment. It has a total membership of nine thousand, including five hundred ministers of religion and over fifty members of Parlia ment, It has a subscription-list amounting to fully forty-six thousand pounds. This com prises seventeen subscriptions of a thousand pounds each, thirteen of five hundred pounds \ each, and twenty of sums varying down to a hundred pounds. The League had up to the end of 1S6H circulated nearly two hundred thousand copies of pamphlets, circu lars, -fec, specially written to explain its objects. Among these are the heads of an Education Bill, which we may briefly sum marize. In December it commenced the issue i of a monthly journal, and during the same month it held ov«r thirty public meetings; Some of the latter have been addressed by men of the highest standing as public teachers —to wit, Professor Thorold Rogers, Professor Favrcctt, and others. Since the days of the Anti-Corn Law League the Englishnation has not been so effectually roused on any public question as by this Birmingham movement. Its influence has been 'acknowledged in the most; important quarters. : The opposition of tfye Manchester -Society Jn the interests of denominationalism was crushed 'almost' in the, bud. The. attention of the Govern* meht waff speedily, attracted, by the^ trium. phant: propaganda of the .League, .and the . esitation which had been felt about opening the education question this fcesaion was forth with dispelled. The Queen's Speech pro mised an Education Bill, and the report has ( gone uncontradicted that it would resemble | the scheme of the National League. ....... This, according to tho synopsis .in the; League journal proposes to- declare school: districts, and appoint a School: Board in each. In boroughs and towns, where tho local governing body is elective, it would f possess the right of appointment, Ha own', members being eligible, but not exclusively i so. In counties the school districts would ? comprise groups of unions, largo or small, according to population ; and the Boards would be elected by the ratepayers on the same principle as Poor Law Guardians. The duties and powers of tho Boards would include the registration of all children in the district of an cducable age, the provision of sufficient school accommodation, the maintenance of day schools ami indus trial schools, the enforcement of the Indus- , trial Schools Act with regard to vagrant) children, and the levying of a school rate to be collected along with the poor rates. The National Rate Schools would be graduated on the German principle — a reform which the disgraceful superficiality of English.edu- j cation has long demanded. Though religious i teaching would not be admitted into the i school routine, every facility would be allowed for its separate administration. The Boards would be empowered to grant the use of schoolrooms for such teaching out of school hours and without prejudice to the equal rights of the various sects. They might even permit the reading of the Bible by teachers provided it were done ini- j mediately before or immediately after school ! hours, and that no child neglecting to attend ! should be debarred from any ordinary j privilege of the school. j The school age would be from six to j fourteen yeara, and the minimum number of ; attendances would be two hundred yearly, of not less than two hours and a half each. In rural districts this rule might be relaxed where necessary by the School Boards, sub* ij ject to the approval of the Committee of | Council. The compulsory principle would not involve any prejudice to existing schools. Attendance at these or even private tuition would be as valid under the Act as at a National School. .Several classes of institutions are mentioned as legal and competent organs of education — (1), Ka.te Schools; (2), Government Schools receiving the present grant; (3), Private Schools, including private tuition ; (4), Eeformatory Schools; (o), Certified Industrial Schools; and (6), Workhouse Schools. All these to be open to visitors appointed by the School Boards, and to be liable to interference in case of inefficiency or irregularity. But for private schools a special appeal would be reserved to the Committee of Council. A defaulting parent would be summoned before the School Board in the first instance, and after enquiry he might cither be dismissed with a caution, or the school visitor might b« ordered to prosecute him. There would be three grades of prosecution— the lowest before a ! Justice of the Peace, the next at Petty ! Sessions, and the third at Qnarter Sessions. | The fines -m a first conviction would be ' limited to a maximum of os., and on subse- ' quent convictions to 20s.— all receivable by ' the School Boards. i Existing schools would have a choice of . alternatives in adapting themselves to the j new Act. They might negotiate with the j School Boards for an absolute transfer, or j they might convert themselves into Hate j Schools, retaining their former manage- } ment, subject to the jurisdiction of \ the School Boards ; -\r, lastly, they might take in scholars on behalf of the Boards, which : would pay for them at a rate proportioned to the total expense of the school. Every precaution would be adopted j for utilizing all the present machinery, and ! every effort of conciliation would be made to assimilate, all the old schools to tha new class. Though local rating is represented as the distinctive principle of maintenance, it would not be the ouly or even tho chief source of school income. It is meant rather to supersede fees, leaving the Government subsidy in force, if not actually increasing it. The i imposed ratios of liability are one third local and two-thirds imperial. This seems a very mild application of rating, but there would be more to follow. The League foresees a necessity to be lenient toward the ratepayers at first. Its sole object now ia to yet in the thin end of the wedge. While that is being done the Imperial Exchequer would have to smart for free education, but ultimately a more equal adjustment would be effected. 