IT would seem that the objection taken by the people of Fremantle, to the plan proposed by Mr. Doyne for spending our money, has given great offence to our respected contemporary, the Inquirer, and is likely to become mixed up with the still more important question of Government Reform. The Inquirer will not be made to comprehend that we do not object to Mr. Doyne's plan, because an additional port will be added to the colony, that may take away a portion of its traffic fromFremantle ; but because we do not wish the first act of the new Government to be a direct infringement of one of the first principles laid down by all eminent writers on Political Econom). We do not wish to see the ghost of Adam Smith come to reproach us with want of respect for tt le mighty monuments of his labors, and disregai d for the lessons he has attempted to teach posterity. Like Old Identity, we do not wish lenders to tell us that we do not know how to make use of borrowed money, which t&ey; would be sure to do, if we expended it as some people desire. If money is borrowed at all, it must be spent in that scanner which will be most conducive to the general prosperity. If st line ofrpailroad irom Rockingham ,to the hills will promote the object we litive in view, then we say, as we have before said, spend it thus by all means. But we have nothing beyond Mr. Doyne's report—written,, we imagine, after hte had been reading the Arabian Nights— and the assertions of- the Perth party, to lead us to suppose that the timber trade even can repay the interest on the ori- 'ginal outlay. It might do more than this, but we cannot see it. And are we to be decried because we decline to accept the vague generalities laid down by the advocates of the scheme ? Show us proof; give us figures; point out a single consignment of timber that has not turned out to be a dead loss; refer us to direct orders where the timber lias been shipped in such a state as to give satisfaction; indicate a single timber merchant who can afford to season timber for even a moderate length of time ; name a quarter from whence orders for timber have be^n two or three times repeated. Until this be done, it is unfair to stigmatize us as enemies to the trade, because we object to see money thrown away. As well spend the proposed sum in prospecting for gold, in a search after the philosopher's stone, or any other visionary undertaking. Observe, we do not cry down the value of : our timber, nor undervalue the amount of trade that might, under favorable circumstances, be done in it. What we do object to is, that there is not at present either the demand, or the persons to supply a demand, sufficient to warrant the colony in making such an outlay, when the money is so much more needed in other quarters. Are we to borrow money, make a railroad, construct jetties, and then wait for years until cppitalists come to work them? Who is to pay the piper in the mean while ? If Mr, Doyne, or the Inquirer, or the Gazette will find peopie who will pay the interest, then we should say go a head ! But if the revenue is to be charged with it we warn them that it cannot bear the pressure. Yesterday afternoon his Excellency accompanied by his Aide de Camp and the Colonial Secretary inspected the various departments' of the Custom House. He afterwards paid a visit to the barque Lady Elizabeth. We did not observe, however, a single -flag flying, either ashore or afloat. • 