CONTINENTAL. FRANCE.:- After endless .rumours tho resignation of the Ciibinct, was announced on the 28th. Nearly all tholatc elections. iiavo been. declared valid. ParlidhVoritary parties liii-ve fallen into, hopeless confusion, owing to londly expressed dissatisfac tion with', the abiiso of her influence by tho Empress, who eeasc.s to take a prominent part in politics. Count Ch.ambourd issued. a manifesto on the present state of France, declaring that hereditary nionarcliy is only.a harboiii of refuge. Gnizot asserts that Pariiiimcntary govern- inent can ulono inspro the. cii'ective- alliance of order with liberty. 'The public; finances are .reported to.be iu n. very llourisbing condition. . Protpctionist . agitation is provoking the organised action of free traders." \- Trapnian's.- trial causes great excitciuciit. .15,000 persons applied to be present. He was prononhPed guilty and sentenced to dPaith. The formation of a new Uabiuot is entrusted .to, OUmer. The; Emperor; ' by a letter, re- qupstod 'hii to, iselept, persons who. can with Tiimseljf forin a'hpmogeuous Cabinet, I'uitlii'ully jteprespritii.ig tliq 'Legislative "majprijj. Per sonal 'govpTnment'ftpjij have suri'enddred; and the basis of tho Farliamentoay regime is laid. SPAIN. Prim obstinately adheres; to tho' candidature of _the young, Dtike of Genoa despite the oppo sition of his family and friends.' 1 ' ' Constitution guarantees are restored. The strength of the army is fixed at 80,000. A commission has been' appointed to inquire into the disappearance of tho Crown jewels. Two Republicans compromised in the late rising have been executed. The sale of Church and National property has been resumed. PORTUGAL. The Government is becoming unpopular and weak ; Duke Soldliana, a popular military chief, aged 90, attacking the Ministry. An insurrection appeared imminent; and tho "War Minister resigned. ITALY. Tho Ministerial crisis has at length termi nated by Laugar constructing a Cabinet. Sweeping Ministerial reforms are promised, hut additional taxes are foreshadowed. The disbandment of 464,000 men is rumour ed. Considerable excitement has been produced by the di-ssoliition of a congress at Naples hold in opposition to the (Ecumenical Council. Several countries; were represented by de puties. 'The Linti Council meets next September in Switzerland. Forty lives were lost hy an inundation of the Arno at Pisa. Santa Maura has been totally destroyed by an earthquake. The GlcnmenicarCounoil opened on the Sth, amidst gloom, rain, booming of cannon, and pccling of the bells of 360 churches. " 800 ec clesiastics were present, and thousands of spectators. The order of service was mass, the inaugural discourse by the Archbishop of Icoiiiiim, the Papal hcnedictioii. the homage of members of the Council to tho Pope, and to the Holy Ghost, and a Tn J)eum for snhso- qucnt sittings were with closed doors. Already there are reports of dissension and intrigues amongst the Fathers, and a strqng opposition of French, German, and American bishops to the dogma of infallibility, hut subtle measures are taken by the Pope and his .Tesnit advisers to stifle discussion by remitting ohr.oxious subjects to safe commiftees. The Bull com municated at the second meeting has occasion ed surprise .and indignation. If tho infalli bility project is insisted on a great disruption is probable. The Council is expected to sit for six months. . The French Ambassador lias warned the Pope of the probable uonscqncnecs of his high handed proceedings. One (Cardinal is dead. It is conjectured that Cardinal Manning will ho the next Pope GERMANY. Billa, wlio shot the Rev. M. Heurici during the service at Berlin Cathedra, was sentenced to twelve years hard labour. Count Bismarck has returned to Berlin. The abolition of the now.spaper stump duty is promised. AUSTRIA. The Reichsrath was opened hy the Kaizeron the 13th December. Tlierc was undue reserve in his speech in compliance with tho wish of the Ministry, who are divided. The minority asked leave to resign. An interview with the King of Prpssia is fixed for January 15th, at Ancola. " The Dalmatian insurgents arc making sub mission. 'RUSSIA," An expedition has been sent from St. Peters burg to discover means of connecting the 'Cas pian and Aral Seas. ' An understanding has been arrived at be tween Rnssi.a and the British Goyernmcnts re specting the Central Asia'.question. Cholera rages in Russia. ' TURKEY. Tho Egyptian question is said to ho settled. The Khedive Inaving _ accepted tho conditions of the Sultan's firman; no fresh loans arc to be contracted or taxes imposed without thd' Sultan's sanction, " . ; . ' ' ' . 