CREATION v. DEVELOPMENT. DR. BROMBY ON ETERNAL PUNISHMENT. (Continuation.) " We have filtered into a league with death, and ive hare made a covenant with hell. When the overflowing scourge shall 2>ass through, it shall not consume its: for we have placed our hope in lies, and by falsehood we are protected."—Isai. xxviii. 15. " Your league with death shall be abolished, and your covenant with hell shall not stand: when the overflowing scourge shall pass, you shall be trodden dovm by it."—Isai. xxviii. 18. Omitting all other arguments, let us see the long array of Scriptural passages in which eternal punishment to the wicked is unmistakably laid down. Let my Protestant readers observe particularly the clearness of Holy Writ, on this point, in comparison with Dr. Bromby's hazy deductions. He cannot show us written anywhere in Scripture that " a painless non-existence" awaits the wicked hereafter, either immediately, or after "many stripesbut he "argues" (that is, he dreams, imagines, asserts) that it is db. I shall divide my citations into two classes. 1st Class Affirms eternal punishment. Matt. xxv. 34. " Then shall the King say to them that shall be ou his right hand : Come ye blessed of my Father, possess you the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world." 41\. " Then shall he say to them also that shall be on his left hand : Depart from me, you cursed, into EVERLASTING fire which was prepared for the devil and his angels." 46\. "And these shall go into EVERLASTING punishment: but the just into life EVERLAST- ING. " Evidently the punishment of the wicked will last as long as the reward of the just—for EVER. 2 Thess. i. 9. "Who shall suffer ETERNAL punishment in destruction—" That is, in dying the second death for all eternity. Mark iii. 29. "But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost shall NEVER have forgiveness, but shall be guilty of an EVERLASTING sin—" And suffer its everlasting consequences. Apoc. xiv. 2, 10—"And the smoke of their torments shall ascend up for EVER AND EVER ; NEITHER HAVE THEY REST. DAY OR NIGHT." Apoc. xix. 3—And her smoke ascendeth FOB EVER AND EVER." Apoc. xx. 9—"And the devil who seduced them was cast into the pool of fire andbrimstone, where both the beast and the false prophet shall be tormented DAY AND NIGHT FOR EVER AND EVER." Matthew xviii. S and 9—"And.if thy hand or thy foot scandalize thee, cut it off and cast it from thee. It is better for thee to go into life maimed or lame than having two hands or two feet to be cast into EVERLASTINU- "fire." ." And if thy eye scandalize thee, pluck it out and cast it from thee. It is better for thee liaving one eye to enter into life, than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire." Compare verse 29. Judith xvi. 21:—"For he will give fire, and worms into their flesh, that they may born, and may feel FOR EVER." (AS Protestants do not admit this book into their canon, I urge this passage merely as the testimony of a very ancient book as to the Jewish belief.) Isai. xxxiii. 14—" Which of you can dwell "with devouring fire ? Which of you shall dwell with EVERLASTING burnings•-:•.-.; Compare Isaias; xxx. 33—"For Tophet is prepared from yesterday, prepared by the king, deep and wide. The nourishments thereof is fire and much wood, the breath of the Lord as torrent of brimstone kindling it." Daniel xii. 2—"And many* of those, that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some unto life everlasting, and others unto reproach "to see it ALWAYS''—or according to the Greek Septuagint— 'unto ETERNAL shame." Here again we find the same word in the ^That ".fl 1 -" Coniparie St. Paul, *1' Con xv.'Sl— We shall all Indeed rise again." same text employed to indicate the duration of joy and woe in the next life. 2nd Class Denies remission of punishment. Besides the two passages cited above, Mark iii. 29 and Apoc. xiv. 10— Matthew xii. 32—"But he that shall speak against the Holy Ghost it shall NOT be forgiven him, neither in this world nor in the next,'.' Matt. iii. 12—"The chaff he will bum with UNQUENCHABLE fire." Isaiaslxvi. 24—"Their worm SHALL NOT DIE, and their fire SHALL NOT BE QUENCHED : and they shall be a loathsome sight to all flesh." Compare Daniel xii, 2. Therefore there is no passing to "a painless non- existence." Their worm shall not die. But this passage, remarkable enough of itself, acquires a special importance from the singular emphasis with which it is cited by our Divine Master. Let us, however, first return for one instant to the Rev. Dr. Bromby's argument. In Matthew v. 29, 30 we read—" If thy right eye scandalize thee, pluck it out and cast it from thee. For it is expedient for thee that one of thy members should perish, rather than thy whole body be cast into hell. And if thy right hand scandalize thee, cut if off and cast it from thee : for it is expedient for thee that pne of thy members should perish, rather thaii that thy whole body go into hell." This, as we have seen above, He repeats in almost identical terms on another occasion (Matthew xviii. 8, 9), and in the 10th chap., 28th verse, of the same Evangelist, occur the words on which the Rev. Dr. Bromby founds his doctrine—" Fear ye not them that kill the body and. are not able to kill the soul: but rather fear him that can destroy both soul and body into hell. " From all these passages occurring in the same Evangelist, it is evident that our Divine Master preached assiduously on the fear of hell, and as the eternity of its punishments had been sufficiently expressed by His prophets and confirmed by His own authority, the natural conclusion would be, that as at the present day, the word "hell" always conveys the idea of a place of everlasting torment, so did our Lord employ it, and His hearers understand it, in that sense. But Dr. Bromby " argues" differently. The necessary immortality of the soul in hell is not taught in St. Matthew 10th chap, and 28th verse, therefore it is not taught anywhere ! Of course he expresses himself more modestly, but what he says comes to this. The rev. gentleman, in endeavouring to draw so large a conclusion from so small a premise, displays an amount of logical daring truly surprising, but of course unsuccessful. You never can extract from a premise more than it contains, and the only legitimate conclusion contained in this is, that from these words alone, and with the restrictions already mentioned, eternal punishment is not demonstrated. On examination, his argument shrivels like a piece of scorched parchment. Compare now his denial of immortality, his theory of a " painless non-existence" (sooner or later), his feeble speculations on the parable of the marriage feast, with the following singularly emphatic declaration of the never-ending misery of the damned Mark ix. 42. " And if thy hand scandalize thee, cut it off ; it is better for thee to enter into life maitned, than having two hands to go into hell, into UNQUENCHABLE fire. 43\. "WHERE THEIR WORM DIETH NOT, AND THE FIRE IS NOT EXTINGUISHED. 44\. "And if thy foot scandalise, cut it off; it is better for thee to enter lame into life everlasting, than having two feet to be cast into the hell of UNQUENCHABLE fire. 45\. " WHERE THEIR WORM DIETH NOT, AND THE FIEE IS NOT EXTINGUISHED. 46\. " And if thy eye scandalise thee, pluck it out. It is better for thee with one eye to enter into the Kingdom of God, than having two eyes to be cast into the hell of fire. 47\. "WHERE THEIR WORM DIETH NOT, AND THE FIRE IS NOT EXTINGUISHED." Either Dr. Bromby has never seen these texts, and he is a blind man leading the blind; or he has, and he is one of those that have eyes and see not. Whichever way it be, the lot of hose who follow him is not enviable. I had intended concluding at this point, when y notice was called to a letter in the Daily Telegraph signed " G. D." Though it seems to contain but little, and hat little does not seem very serious, yet I onestly confess I do not feel certain of being ble to answer it to the satisfaction of oil my rotestant readers. . I shall, nevertheless, with your kind permision, examine it. I am, Sir, &e.;, &c.; [For Wh in last week's letter, read tftaxri."] THE VALUE OF DRAUGHT STOCK.—TO give an idea of the value of draught stock: in victoria, we may mention a sale: made on Monday, by Messrs. M'Culloah, Campbell, and Co., on ccount of Mr. W. Derham, of the-imported Clydesdale stallion Sir- Robert Brace for the sum of £600, the purchaser being Mr. Thomas r: Bartlett, Longford, ^Tasmania.' ' ' THE IMMIGBAKT SHIP-West "Empire anchored n the Bay ion /Monday.;, The ;passengers, who rrived in excellent health, ^number four hunred and tWenty- se'veri, and are ^classified as ollows :—Forty married couples, one hundred nd sixty-two «ingle women, eighty-eight single en, -and ninetyrseyen children. . r , MODERN,flivnosAiipN.: .fls JSIGNS. The he Polynesian labourers imported into that olony are beconungjcisjlised. „_The outward and isible signs are that " they get drunk and fight n the rtreetalikfi -iimlisedkniBn."" Consequently, 