I A POOR MAN ON A TENDER SUBJECT. I I sine a tovg of a publican, ? A wicked man was he, ? »nd lio kept the Goat and Compasses ? for thirty years and three. B To »H the people ronnd about, B He sold no end of beer ; ? Very strong beer it was, 1 wot ? -In too season of the year.1' ? We drank it, drunk it, night and day, B I and my mates, each one, B TIioubIi wo little knew what kind of a brew B Came out of the landlord's tan. B It put strange fancies in our heads, B Uartways -' did in mine j B Except when I happened to fall asleep, B Unconscious as the swine. B I found the secret out at last, Bj I need not tell yon how, B He served the beer as they serve the milk, Bj By the help of the iron cow. I And had it been no wusa than this, B It were a cruel sin, ? But iio made it worse a wary great deal, B J)y the pisons he put in. BM He n»de it strong with deadly drugs, BJ The bigger foots were we, Bm To drink and pay for each rascal stuff ?M For thirty years and three. BB Bat, as I've said, I found him out, BM Anrl voiced to drink no mote, BJ Lest I should stand in the felon's dock, BB Or knock at the workhouse door. BE- Dick-, who drank it for ten long years, BM Murdered his blessed wife ; BM Wliich he wouldn't ha' done unless for the ? beer, BM -C°r 'le ''Ted her more than life. BM And Tom went wrong, andDick went dead, BM And Joe went out of his mind, BM %VTiile Bill and Sam ran right away BM And left their wives behind. BM And many other fine fellows I knew, MB Grew old before their time, BM Or could not get a job of work, MB To keep their hands from crime. BM The landlord onoe upon a day, MB Fell sick and like to die, MB And sent for me as well as the priest, BM Though I could not tell for why. ^B 'Harry,' says he, ' Vve pisoned the beer, ?? 'Tib the very truth I've spoke ; BM Vet prayed at Church on Sabbath days ?M Along with the Christian folk. MB Why didn't they pail my ears to the post I BM They'd done it in days gone by ! MB And perhaps I would'nt ha' pisoned the poor ?M Wi' drugs to make them dry. MB Wi' drags to make them wery dry, BM So that the more they drank, ?M The more they thirsted and wished to swill— ?B Like horses at a tank. BM I'm a sneak, a thief, and a hypoorite, H| And peruaps a murderer too, BBJ Though I'm glad to nee, 'mid all my tins, ?BJ As I've not murdered you. ^^M But when I think on Dick that swung, ?Bj Aloft on the gallows tree, ?BJ l'« mortal fear 'twas the pisoned beer ?BJ That was the ruin of he. ?MB And his ghost comes prowling every nisht BBJ And chatters at my bed, MMMJ And when I looks on his dreadful face BBJ I wishes that I was dead. MBMj ' And I feel I'm going Harry,' says he, ??J 'And a werry bad man I've been, ?BJ Though I've made a heap of dirty gold, ?BJ That 1 wishes I'd never seen. BBJ 'Goodbye! good bye 1 I'm going to die! ??? I cannot abear them ghosts, ?BJf That °-ime e'ery night with horrid grin ?BJ] Not one, or two, but hosts.' SBJ And this landlord was as good as his word, ^?B For he died the wery next night ' ?BJ And I'm truly glad I was not him, ?^Mf For all his guineas bright. BBJ And it's my opinion, if I'm fit ^?M To form a j udgment dear, ?BJ That the wery worst thing a man can do ??J I« to pison the people's beer. ^M -All 7he Year Sound. BH ?? ? 