£ RUINED LIFE.' r trfls the saddest, saddest fece l ever saw. stood before the stove in my front (» on that dark December-day, and the £ from her wel heated garments almost Sealed ber from my sight. ¥et the first Umnse I caught of her, through the partition > excited my interest to an unusual de- Jl' and though I saw : her not ; again for a Of hour that one glance fixed her features " my memory as indelibly as they are printed ^was teim-time, and the second returnh.vofthe term. For ten days my eyes and E™in had both been crowded -with all that •"fried jeta}i 0f business which sessions agnwiate upon the hands and conscience of a Eisroelawyer; and the musty retinue of as- Ljsit ejectment, and scire-facins had nearly B and worn out the little life I had at he beginning. But the criminal week, whieh rasmy peculiar sphere, was close at hand, j jooked to its exciting, riskful eases as a dief from the dull, dreary current of civil Lis and practice. . The little room I dignified. with the name if "front office" was filled, as far as seats teDt. with rough backwoodsmen, witnesses ! behalf of a gentleman who occupied with e the snugly-carpeted sanctum in the rear. Fhile we discussed together the points of eneth or weakness to be tested at the intending trial, the voices of the rude labourers Jached us brokenly, and more than once lords fell upon my ear which made me lemble for the sensibilities^ of the lonely Ionian who was with them. They meant no trm those bluff, hearty men; a tear from 1 JET drooping eyes would have unmanned lem • but they, were not well-bred, nor ten- ; lr to the weakness of the other sex. My 1 nor client, as she afterwards become, stood j Me they sat, kept silence while they laughed : tdjeered each other. It was not their fault |at they nefrer minded her. They were not; rpocrites, that's all. _ At length I had the happiness to see the .. close on the last of them; and, after ranging the maps and diagrams which uld be needed on the morrow, I- called to e stranger to come in. She obeyed hesitaagly; and then, for the first time, I saw at she belonged to that most forlorn and iable of all the many classes who throng innd our mining districts, the recent Irish igrant. The very clothes she wore were /same with which she dressed herself in le green isle far away, and her voice and anner had not yet caught that flippancy and irtness which pass among the longer landed tokens of American independence and ;uality. She was certainly very poor, or the ugh wintry winds would not have been irraitted to toss her long black hair in masses round her shoulders, or drop lefr melting snowflakes on her uncovered id. My chivalric interest died without je to groan, and whatever thought of profit romance in assisting her I might have had the first sight of her perished at the same stant. But I saw poverty and sorrow ; d I determined in my heart, before she Id her errand, that my life of legal labour iould embrace at least one act done thorjhly and for nothing. Her story was a short one. Her husband id herself had lived in a neighbouring vil- Others of their own people dwelt them, and among these was an old iman and her son. No difficulty that she lew of had ever risen between her family id theirs; but, a few days before, as her isband was gathering fuel by the roadside, ese two had rushed out on him, and in cold lood murdered him. The son had fled, and e murderer's mother, with barred doors and idovs, forbade the vicinage of friend or The broken-hearted wife, urged on to :e such vengeance as the law afforded, had ime t o me and asked my counsel and assistance. It was of little use to question her. Like ast of her peculiar class, her mind could itertain but one idea, and that, in some or other, recurred in answer to every Iquiry I could make. Satisfying myself, iwever, that a murder had really been comtted, and taking down such names and es as were necessary for the initial steps of aecution, I sent her home, with the assurce that justice: should be done her, and her ad husband's ghost avenged. The warrant was issued, the arrest made, ie indictment found, the trial finished. There no doubt of guilt. The murder was litted in the broad light of day, and my eyes had seen it. The counsel for the fence had felt the untenability of his posibefore a tithe of the evidence was in, and jed down from innocence to justifiability, itil his last hope for the prisoner was in the legation of insanity, late suggested and intly urged. It was useless. The twelve letorable men brought in their verdict of "ilfiil murder," and Bridget Davanagh was fenced-to be hanged by the neck till she 8 dead. It has never been my custom to follow fSB on which the solemn judgment of the » w has been pronounced, beyond , those imediate consequences conseauences of that jui judgment ^ which connection between a lawyer and his at has compelled me to superintend.. But ;e was something in this: case which; both 'touted and disquieted me; and: one day in "itaon I foundmyselfatihe grated prison- door, seeking admission to the cell of the condemned. The old woman received me quietly. She seemed to have forgotten roe, or at least bow motive a part I had taken in the proceedings which had ended in dooming her to a shameful death. She was taciturn and moody; and the longer I remained, the more satisfied I became that her mind was now unsettled, if it had not been before. I went several times after that, and gradually, by kind words and the gift of such simple comforts as aged matrons most desire, I won her confidence so far that, in her faltering, disconnected way, she told me all that sad history of woe and wrong and suffering which had brought an untimely grave to Michael Herican, and a felon's fate to her. It was one of those tales of falsity and sorrow which we cannot hear too often, and whose moral none ot us can learn too well. The little village of Easky, in the County Sligo, was, when this present century was young, one of those lonesome, scanty-peopled hamlets whose very loneliness and isolation render them more dear-and home-like to their few inhabitants. The waters of the northern ocean foamed about the rocks where its fisher-boats were moored. The feet of its rambling children trod the rough paths and crumpled the gray masses of the wild Slieve- Gamph hills. Thus hemmed in between the mountains and the sea, it was almost separated from the world. The white sails that now and then flitted across the far horizon, and the slow lazy car that twice a month brought over his Majesty's mail-bags from Dromore, were all that Easky ever had to tell it that there were nations and kingdoms on the earth, or that its own precipices on the one side, and its weed-strewn rocks upon the other, did not embrace the whole of human joys and sorrows. jn this solitary village the forefathers of patrjck Carrol had dwelt from immemorial years. So far back as tradition went, they had been fishermen, and the last remaining scion now followed the ancestral calling. He Was a sort of hero among his fellow-villagers. True, he was as poor as the poorest of them an, and no personal boast save of his vigorous arms ai^d honest heart. But bis father, contrary to the custom of his race, had refused to lay his bones within an ocean bed, and had died fighting in the bloody streets of Killala. All victims of '98 were canonised by those rude freemen, and the mantle of honour fell from the father upon the children, and gave to Patrick Carrol a deserved and well-maintained preeminence: nnd so, when Bridget Deery became his wife, the whole hamlet agreed that the village favourite had found her proper husband, and when the little Mary saw the light, the christening holiday was kept by every neighbour, old or young. Four years of perfect happiness flew by. Death or misfortune came- to other families, but not to theirs. The little hoarded wealth, hid away in the dark corner, grew yearly greater. Health and affection dwelt unremittingly upon the hearthstone, and the hearts of the father and mother were as full of gratitude as the heart of the child was of merriment and glee. But the four years had an end, and carried with them, into the trackless past, the sunshine of their lives. One long, long summer day the wife sat among the rocks, watching for her husband's boat, aud playing with the prattler at her side. The boat came not. The sun went down; the gathering clouds in the offing loomed up threateningly; the hoarse north-westers felt their way across the waters, and whistled in her ears, as she clasped the child to her bosom, and hurried home out of the storm. As the gale strengthened with the darkness she fell upon her knees, and all that wakeful night besought the Mother and the saints to keep her baby's father from the awful danger, In vain ; for when the morning dawned, the waves washed up his oars and helm upon the beach, and an hour later his drowned corpse was found beneath, the broken crags of Anghris Head. For the first few years after that fatal shock the widowed mother lived she knew not how. One by one the treasured silver pieces went, till destitution stared her in the face. The charity of her neighbours outdid their means: but even that could not keep her from actual suffering, and work for the lone woman there was absolutely none. What wonder was it, then, that when the flowers had bloomed three times above the peaceful bed of Patrick Carrol, his widow, more for her child's sake than her own, consented to violate the sanctity of her broken heart, and become the wife of Bernard Davanagh. Bernard was a bold, reckless, wilful man, and both the mother and the child soon felt the difference between the dead father and the living. As time passed on, and the boy Bernard was born, the passions of the man grew stronger, and cruel words, and still more cruel blows, became the^daily portion of the helpless three: O~how often did the widow yearn to lie down with her children by her dead husband's side, in the drear churchyard, and be at peace for ever! But not without them. No, not even to be united with the lost, could she have left them; and 60 they clung together, closer and closer, as the years rolled on. knowing little of life except its dark page -of Borrow. There never yet was a life without _some ray of joy, and even in the midnight darkness •ivhich'hung around the childhood of Mary Carrol'there were faint gleams of happiness. Next door butone to their, poor cot lived James Herican. He'too was 1 a fisherman, and, in better days, had been Patrick Carrol's most intimate and faithful friend. He had remained such to the widow and the fatherless, and, but for him, the family of Bernard Davanagh also might sometimes have perished from want and cold. He was the father of one child, the boy Michael,.older by two years than Mary, and doubly endeared to his heart by the mother's early death. The gossips of Easky had wondered, in their simple way, why James Herican and Bridget Carrol did not marry; but the memory of his dead wife and his dead friend forbade the one ever to entertain the thought, and the poor widow was as far from wishing it as he. They were happier as they were; he, by his kindness and true Christian charity, laying up heavenly treasures, whieh, as the second husband of a second wife, he never could accumulate; she keeping ever fresh and pure the one love of her maiden's heart, the one hope of reunion in the skies. What, and how different, the end bad been, if they had married, the eye of the . Eternal can alone discern. j The friendship of these parents descended I to the children. In all their sports, their ! rambles, their labours (for in that toiling I hamlet even tender childhood laboured), j Michael Herican and Mary Carrol were toge- i ther. When her half-brother, eight years younger than herself, grew into boyhood, Michael was his champion against the impositions of larger boys, and taught him all those arts of wood M water craft which village constantly recurring kindnesses should beget firm and fast affection, and knit together these young hearts in bonds difficult, if not impossible, to sunder. It may have been the law of nature, it may have nave been neen the tne chastening cnascening oi of God, uou, mai that ivucuaei Michael Herican and Mary Carrol should come, ill later years, to love each other. It was simply fitting, to all human sight, that it should be so; and it was so. The father and the mother thanked God for it day by day, and bestowed upon them such tokens of encouragement as the bashful lovers could comfortably receive. The boy Bernard, when he heard of it (and there could be no secrets in Easky), threw up his cap for joy, and the old village crones frt^ for once rxnna smiled otviilorl on r\n the till* nPnsnPrts prospects of a happiness they had never known. Only ' Davanagh appeared displeased; but his abuse of the poor girl had been so extreme for years that it could scarcely suffer any increase, and all the influence he exerted over her or them was by his ruthless fist and cursing tongue. This at last ceased; for ears less patient than her own received his stinging insults, and a blow, quicker than his drunken arm could parry, stretched him upon the ground to rise no more. Mary Carrol reached her twentieth birthday. She was a frail delicate girl, below the middle height, and with that beautiful but strange union of large blue eyes and pearly complexion with jet-black hair and lasbis which tells at once of the pure Irish blood. We should not have called her handsome; perhaps no one would, except those who loved her, and in whose sight no disfigurement or disease could have made ber homely. But she was one of those superior natures which solitude and suffering must unite with Christian culture to produce; and the whole neighbourhood for this, and not for her beauty, claimed her as its favourite and charm. Michael had grown to be a stalwart man, half a head taller than his sire, and his fellows said that none among them promised better for diligence and success than he. His devotion to Mary Carrol knew no bounds, and she, in turn, cherished scarcely a thought apart from him. Her mother had rapidly grown old and broken. Grief, and that yearning for the dead which is stronger than any sorrow, had made her an aged woman long before her time, and the fond daughter, between her and the one hope of her young life, had no third wish or joy. Her only trouble was for her brother. The wild elements of his father's nature became more apparent everyday; aud though he loved his mother and half-sister with an almost inhuman passionateness, they frequently found it impossible to restrain his turbulent and curbless will. The stern control of a seafaring life seemed to be their only chance of saving him; and so, at little more than twelve years old he was torn away from home and friends, and sent out on a coasting merchantman to be subdued. This parting nearly broke his mother's heart, but her discipline of suffering had been borne too long and patiently for her to rebel now. It was another drop to her full cup of bitterness, when, a few months later, news came, by word of mouth frcm a sailor in Dromore, that the merchantman bad foundered in the stormy Irish Sea. Two Irishmen one sultry night, immediately after their arrival in India, took refuge underneath the bedclothes from a skirmishing party of mosquitoes. At last one of them, gasping from heat, ventured to peep beyond the bulwarks, and by chance espied a firefly winch had strayed into the room. 'Arousing his companion with a punch, he said, " Fergus, Fergvs, if s mo use. Ye might as well comeout. Here s one of the craytherseearchin' for us wid alatothern! 