LATEST NEWS VICTORIA v. NEW SOUTH WALES.—The Intercolonial Cricket Match between the above ' colonies will take place this year in Melbourne , at the end of February. The Victorians will be , chosen from the following:—Allan, D. Camp- j bell, W, Campbell, Costick, Gibson, Gordon, ' Kelly, Mullagh, Phillips, Robertson, Wardill, j Wills, Gaggin, Conway, Goldsmith, Eggleston, • and Figgis. The following will most likely be | the Sydney team:—Coates, Dickson, Hewitt, j Gilbert, D, Gregory, E. Gregory, Lawrence, S. ' Jones, Park, Sheridan, Thompson, and Caffyn, THE MILITART.—The detachment of the 18th Regiment (Royal Irish) which came by the Claud Hamilton from -Melbourne, on Sunday, arrived in town by. the 10-30 train this morning, and, headed by the band, marched to the Military Barracks accompanied by a large concourse of spectators; the officers in command being Capt. Briggs and Lieut. Marsland. The baggage had previously been landed, but before it left the wharf three or four of Darton & Co.'s wagons arrived with the baggage of the 14th Regiment, which was immediately placed on board. A little before noon the two companies of the 14th Regt. left the Barracks under the command of Major Vivian to start by the midday train, the excellent brass band, which during the short stay here has created a favourable impression among the lovers of music in Adelaide, playing a variety of airs on the march. A dense if not very select crowd of male and female spectators had congregated at the terminus, and, after numerous pathetic leave - takings, the " brave defenders of our country" were safely stowed aboard, many of their fair but frail admirers engaging a special car for the purpose of_ proceeding to the Port, and seeing them fairly afloat. A little delay took place in getting everything in order, but presently the train moved off amid loud cheering. The officers and men will embark this afternoon. SHEEP INSPECTOR.—Mr. W. F. Marchant has been appointed an Inspector of Sheep. He is to be stationed at Wellington. MEETINGS OP COMPANIES.—Meetings of the following Companies will be held this day, as advertised: — Provincial Gas, Euko, Wheal Hughes, North Yelta, and New Cornwall Mining. SOIREE. — The South Adelaide Mutual Improvement Society will give their first soiree this evening in the Town Hall Exchange-Room. The Society has put out a capital programme, and a full attendance is certain. WANTON MISCHIEF.—Last Thursday and Friday afternoon some mischievous boys with their shanghais exercised their, destructive propensities by breaking about 15 panes of glass in one of the windows of Christchurch. Fortunately the stained glass windows are sufficiently protected; but the holes made in the damaged one appear as cleanly cut as if a bullet had gone through. Miss Downs, who was inside the building, received a violent blow on the forehead from one of the missiles; but on going to seek for the authors of the mischief, they had decamped. A sharp look out will be kept in future, and boys found in the neighbourhood of the Church with these weapons will have to give an account of themselves. TESTIMONIAL TO MR. W. S. DOUGLAS.—The estimation in which Mr. William Selby Douglas, late Manager of the South Australian Bank, is held was abundantly testified by the very numerous assemblage of citymen which took place at the Exchange on Monday morning. There were present either the whole of the members or representatives of nearly eveiy commercial firm m Adelaide. Mr. W. Townsend, M.P., was deputed to make the presentation of the testimonial, consisting of a purse of sovereigns and a handsome silver salver, measuring 14 inches in diameter, and the weight of which was 33 ozs. sterling. He said—Mr. Douglas, I have been deputed, on behalf of the Committee, to express to you their regret that you are about to leave the colony, and that you are leaving the Bank. No sooner was it known that you had sent in your resignation than a number of gentlemen were anxious to testify to you what they thought of your character, both as a gentleman and in connection with the Bank, and they felt they could not let you leave the colony without in some slight degree testifying their regard for you. As their mouthpiece permit me to say they have ever found you a gentleman in behaviour and high integrity, characterized by courtesy and generous demeanour. In this place where merchants do congregate, it will ill become me to speak at length. I can only say that in presenting you with this silver, together with 155 sovereigns, I am expressing not only my own feelings, but the feelings of the Committee and your numerous friends, when I say that wherever you go we wish you health, peace, and prosperity—they wish you and your family a prosperous voyage, and should it be your fortune to settle in the old t ountry all your personal Mends will greatly regret it. (Hear, near.) Should it be your lot to return to these shores, we, your friends, will greet your return amongst us far more heartily than we now wish you farewell. On behalf of the subscribers to the testimonial I wish you and your family every prosperity, and that Providence may guide your steps." (Applause.) The following is Mr. Douglas's reply, which was spoken with much earnestness:— " Gentlemen friends—Words can but very inadequately express the feelings of pride and gratification with which I receive from so many of my fellow colonists this most handsome testimonial on the ocsasion of my retirement from the service of the Bank of South Australia. I can honesty say that I have throughout life: striven to do my duty in whatever postion I have been placed, and that my conduct throughout my colonial career has been such as to secure to me many friends and much good will is abundantly evidenced by the spontaneous and liberal gift which you have now in such flattering terms presented to me. Although I am about to leave you for a time for the purpose of revisiting dear relatives and friends in the old country, 1 hope to return amongst you in the course of a few months—(applause)—when I trust to find that the wonderful elasticity of the colony has been again evidenced, and that more prosperous times than we have for some years experienced have returned. (Cheers.) Thanking you for your very kind expression of good will towards Mrs. Douglas and my children, and assuring you that they unite with me in feelings of the warmest gratitude to you far your kindness, I am, dear friends, yours very truly, WM. S. DOUGLAS .—To the kind donors of the testimonial.'' The following is the text of the inscription on the salver, the amount having been increased since it was engraved:—"Presented to W. S. Douglas, Esq., with a purse of 150 sovereigns, on his retiring from the management of the Bank of. South Australia, as a mark of esteem from his friends in the colony. Adelaide, S.A., January, 1870." PROVINCIAL GAS COMPANY.—There not being a quorum at the annual meeting of the Provincial Gas Company this morning, the meeting was adjourned till next week. MOUNT BARKER MARKET.—On January 29 Cornelius & Stone's monthly sale was held, when the following were the prices realized:— Milch cows, £5 to £7 15s.; fat- cows, £4 10s. to £8 10s.; fat bullocks, £6 to £10^ working bidlocks, £4 to £7 5s.; fat sheep, 5s. 9d. to 9s. 8d.; store sheep, Is. lid. to 3s. lid.; horses, from £3 to £12. Agricultural implements sold well, as there was a very large attendance. The total sales amounted to £1,050. FIRE BRIGADES.—Mr. Robert Read, late Inspector in the Mounted Police Force, and stationed at Auburn, has been appointed Deputy Superintendent of Fire Brigades at Port Adelaide. EAST- END MARKET.—Considerable excitement was occasioned on Saturday morning by a number of the Corporation officers entering the interior of the East End Market, and taking the names and addresses of upwards of 20 salespeople, probably with a view to ulterior proceedings. TALISKER MINE.—Captain Price, under date January 25, reports as follows:—" Smelting will be resumed at the beginning of next week. I have put four men to sink on Ballroom bunch, and it looks magnificent. I have also put four men to take down the ore at Tapley's, so that I shall now be able to raise ore in large quantities and send you up plenty of silver-lead. I have no change atnBreakell's; I shall keep on till we cut the wall of the lode. At the. 62-fathom level we are driving on the eastern wall of the lode, as it is better ground for exploring. I shall have the lode taken down at the end of this week. The lode at present (in sight) is worth ' about two and a-half tons of ore to the fathom." STRATHALBYN AND VICTOR HARBOUR RAIL- WAY.—The Commissioner of Public Works has reached the conclusion that the simplest course to adopt with a view of legalizing the leasing of the Strathalbyn and Middleton Line is to pass a short Bill through the Assembly. This Bill will, we believe, be introduced without loss of time, and passed through all its stages as rapidly as the House can be induced to pass it. CRICKET.—On Saturday, January 22, a match was commenced between the North Adelaide Young Men's and South Australian Clubs, on the ground of the'latter. The former was first at the wickets, and when the sun set were still in, having made 138 runs ; Colton who was in for three'and a half hours, scoring 39. On January 29 the latter commencefl their innings under discouraging circumstances; they however succeeded in making 70, F. Marchant 25, and W. S. Samson 22, batting welL The Young Men's team went in again and were all put out for 58, when the sinking of the sun stopped further proceedings. The fielding and bowling of the South Australians was poor. As there was not time for two innings each, the match, has been decided by the first in favour of North Adelaide. The following are the scores:— NORTH ADELAIDE YOUNG MEN. Umpire, Beevor; Captain, Millard. 1st Innings 2nd Innings. W. P. Joyner, run out ... 4 b. Warburton 11 C. S. Leader, b. Anderson 10 b. Marchant 11 J. Colton, b. Marchant ... 39 E. G. Millard, b. Anderson 2 A. Crooks, b. Marchant... 1 E.G.Phillips, b. Marchant 22 A. O. Mullen, c. Christie b. Samson 16 W. Phillips, run out ... 4 A. Scott, c. Wilson, b. Samson 6 W. Tarlton, b. Anderson 8 H. Addison, not out ~ J, &e.; ... 5 21 b. Warburton b. Samson c. Dutton, b. Warburton c. Davies, b. Marchant... 8 b. Warburton 10 b. Warburton & not out c. Dutton, b. Warburton b. Warburton Byes, &c.; ... Total 138 Grand total ... 196. SOUTH AUSTRALIANS. Umpire, Townsend; Captain, Marchant. W. S. Samson, b. Scott 22 W. Warburton, b. Scott 0 E. Anderson, b. Scott ' 3 F. Marchant, b. Millard ... 25 R. G. E. Warburton, run out 0 R. Davies, b. Scott 0 G. D. Green, b. E. G. Phillips'" !!! 1 C. Mellor, b. Leader 10 W. A Idwell, run out 5 H. Dutton, not out 0 W. McMinn, c. Colton, b. Leader 0 Byes, &c; ... 4 70 On Saturday, Jan. 29, the conquering match was played below Montefiore Hill between the Young Australian and Stepney Clubs. The former were the first in, but were soon disposed of for 52 runs, A. E. Harrison mnlring 9 and James 8. The latter Club, after steady play, made 106 runs, W. Travers scoring 36 and Whitridge 19. The fielding of the Stepneys was superior to the others, and the bowling of Randall ,for the Young Australians was good. D. Brice and W. 0\. Whitridge were umpire and captain for the Stepneys, and Bagot and A. Simms for the other team. A match was also played on the South Park Lands between nine of the Prince-Alfred and fifteen of the Victoria Clubs. The Prince's in their first innings made 43, Bannister taking 19 and batting Well. The others then made 39, Rowell getting 9. The bowling of Bannister and Sexton for the Prince Alfreds and of. Rowell for the opposite side was good. Bannister was captain of the Alfreds, and Hilton for the Victorians. On the same afternoon a match was played on the East Park Lands between the second eleven of the Kent Town and the Trinity Clubs. The Trinitjrs went first to the wickets, and retired with 60 runs, lie Kent Towns then took their turn, and made 62 runs, thus winning the match by two runs; the highest score, of 21 runs, being made by A L. Calder. THE WESTON MINSTRELS. The Weetoa Company are at last getting into, a goed rnn, and as the houses grow the performance seems to improve, for is becomes more appreciated. Actors and audience are on first-rate terms with each other, and the enjoyment of the occasion is mutual. On Saturday night there was a very large attendance, though it was not equally distributed ; the stalls and pit claiming the greater part of it. The effect of Mr. Weston's presence in the semi-circle displayed itself in a livelier veiiit of fun, and a much smarter fire of repartee. He. evidently has been bred to a business which „waa new to Mr. Campbell. The three cotmqvt? are, now on equal terms, and one can understand; the conjunction on the play bills, of " Weston* Hussey, ^and Kelly." They are a triad; of oddities, all as different from each other a? can be* «nd yet somehow they fit eaoh other adjnir&biy-; What has been said of the "poetic man and woman may he specially applied to these three types of Jonathan, Pat, and Sambo. "They are not like in like but like in diffe- \- jnce.' The elements of the future American native may be seen in them; and the blending of their humours into each other, is * study. Mr. Weston himself shows tha Yankee underneath cork and curia, Mr. Kelly carries the reflection of Ould Ireland in his face^ and if he has pretty well divested himself of the brogue, he has still an Irishman's ready wit. Mr. Hussey personates Sambo so well and sa naturally that he must sometimes half think he was born south of Dixie's line. To see them att three together, as in the new programme they commenced on Saturday, is a far higher treat then any that has yet been derived from their separate performances. The programme itself was another sign of progress. The farce of " lies Mise rabies" is nearer to tha farce of the ordinary stage than either the " Dramatic Agency" or the " Ghost in a Pawnshop." It had the defect of-employing -only two chief characters and making all the dummies; moreover the sequel was r^Nr. abrupt. Still there was a dramatic framework to it, and the actors themselves—Hussey and. Weston—might be trusted for. highly Savoured details. Mr. Weston has had expedience QS a comedian, and his fluency in that tine serves well where a contrast is required to the very broad humour cultivated by Messrs. Hussey and Kelly. "Southern Flirtations" ought to be mentioned as a novelty in which Kelly and Holly introduce more of their inimitable, dancing. The programme now on is exceedingly varied, and in some parts it is above the avevsget •f even Westonian cleverness. CHURCH OF ENGLAND, GOOLWA.^-TTE SOUTKAYI Argus states that "the Church of England Goolwa is now approaching ijfca completion, The building itself has been finished for some time, at least that portion which is considered sufficient for the present requirements of the congregation. It presents a very neat appearance, and when completed according to the original design will form one of the prettiest chtirches in the country. A somewhat uncommon but most praiseworthy plan has been adopted in the erection of this building— nothing has been done until the money has been raised for the purpose, so that, although the total eost has been over £1,000, only a very trifling liability has been incurred. -We believe it is expected that the Bishop will formally consecrate the Church in about a month." CORRESPONDENTS' ENGLISH.—What relationship exists between the Ashwell correspondent •f the Bunyip and Mesdames Malaprop and Partington, or Mr. Coglin, we cannot say; bat the subjoined partakes a little of the style of each. The meaning is as easily discovered if the punctuation be disregarded as followed:—"The weather is extraordinary. One day a roaster, next stifled with blinding dust, while under pressure the body moves a ' living compeer with the afternoon's contents of a brewer's mash-tub.. Our friend, the rain, paid us rather a hasty visit on Tuesday last, and although scouring a little over two inches to the gauge, was amply sufficient for the turn of the tables. Though ploughboy's rain seldom amounts to a miracle, but when the freehold slips away, and standing boundaries are removed by the force of water along the dam, the first time seen, it staggers the present generation, while unexpectedly rose the flood, like a mighty giant laying claim to the berth of its ancestors, and sending to the right-about all the numerous intruders that crossed its path, paying due respect to the immoveable wells met with here and there by filling up to the brim with tha spoils taken in his journey, while every tributary from the east and surrounding billn joined as Keges in the rush, and logs and lumber rolled on in mockery, laying contributions on the moveable farm stock, and the lands under stratum, and as they passed pressed onward all before them as intent on the errant of a freah superstructure «a the lower plains." tiECTtJRE BT THE RtiV. 3. BLCKPORD. Oil Saturday tuning th4 Rev. J. Bickford, who is now In Adelaide attending the Wesleyan Conference, delivered an address on temperance in Pirie-street Lecture-Hall. As the time advanced the Hall was moderately filled, and on the platform were several of the leaders in the temperance movement. The chair was occupied by the Revi Samuel Knight, who in a genial speech introduced the lecturer. Mr. Bickford urged many of the arguments which he contended had been so long unanswered, presumably because unanswerable, why every right-minded man should be a teetotaller. He deprecated the introduction of colonial wine into Victoria, and hoped Mr. Randall would be defeated in his attempts to get it there, as it would, he believed, injure the morals of producers and consumers. At the conclusion the rev. gentleman wished the Chairman to call on some of the friends on the platform to follow with short addresses, when Mr. Dome moved a vote of thanks to the lecturer, and quoted statistics recently received from England, showing that more than double is expended in one year in Great Britain in intoxicating drinks than in cotton fabrics. Mr. Hosking seconded. The Rev. J. G. Wright Bupgorted_the_vote f and narrated instances of success in rescuing victims of intemperance in a winemaking suburban village. Thanks were moved to the Chairman in short addresses by Mr. W. G. Coombs and Mr. Madge, when after a few final words by the Rev. J. Bickford the meeting closed. BIBLE CHRISTIAN MAGAZINE.—This quarterly, the February number of which is to hand, has, in addition to the ordinary contents, a wellwritten article on the (Ecumenical Council and an address on Mutual Improvement Societies likely to be of service. GASWORKS EXTENSION.—The South Australian Gas Company are now inviting tenders for the erection of their large telescopic gasholder. SOUTHERN HARVEST.—The Strathalbyn paper says:—" Wheat still seems to come into Goolwa in considerable quantities, keeping the small nailing boats well employed. The farmers on Hindmarsh Island appear to have had good average crops, and we do not hear of much grumbling, which is a very fair criterion. The Government have recently altered the tariff on the tramway, in order to assimilate it to that on the Port, line is so far as regards wheat and flour, which probably will in some measure effect the trade; but although the general rate is considerably lower, the extra advantages are by no means so great as under the old tariff." GAWLEB WESLEYAN CHURCH.—On Tuesday afternoon, the anniversary meetings of the Wesleyan Church, Gawler, were held; Mr. W. Duffield presiding at the public meeting. Mr. J. C. Wilkinson read the balance-sheet of the old, and Mr. Wincey of the new Trust Fund. The latter Bhowed that the total costof land, buildings, fittings, &c.;, had been £3,812, and that £1,904 had been raised. The Rev. H. T. Burgess (the Cirouit Minister's) report stated that 260 sittings were let, yielding at the rate of £160 per annum; the membership was 155, and there were 303 scholars in the Sunday - school, with 39 teachers. For the above facts and the annexed resumi we are indebted to the report of the Bunyip, which we condense. After a pleasing introductory address from the Rev. C. J. Evans, the Rev. Mr. Ironside, who formerly laboured in South Australia, but is now attending the Conference, congratulated and urged them to renewed exertion and the maintenance of their distinctive principles. The Rev. S. Rabone, another visitor, gave an earnest speech, chiefly descriptive of South Sea mission - work, the early difficulties, and ultimate triumphs. The Rev. J. Watsford, who was greeted most enthusiastically, said " he was very glad to have enjoyed this privilege of again visiting South Australia. He had spent six of the happiest years of his life in it, and he was rejoiced to see it, and to meet hiB old friends again. He was not going to make a long speech—at least he thought so, because he bad preached twice on Sunday, and he thought that quite enough for one such week as they had endured. When he left South Australia he left in a little bit of a storm, and he got into trouble- unintentionally. In his lecture before leaving he had spoken his mind freely, as he jras accustomed to do to his Wesleyan friends, and he had given utterance to his opinions about our institutions, the press, &c.; But didn't they come down on him, and all because he ventured to point out a few spots on the sun. He was sorry for this. If ever there was a man who wished well to other denominations he was that man. There was room for all. He tiiTOgratulated them on the beautiful place of in which they were assembled. The old ichgpel was a standing disgrace. When he used jfco pome up and preach for them he was always disgusted at the ugly old barn. Now, however, tilings were [different, for they had eiveo thg preacher a platform upon which to knock about, and on which a man's soul had room to expand. It was cruel to shut a man up in a box. (Laughter.) He also vastly admired the ceiling and the pews. He trusted toat no ' uncertain sound' would be emitted by the preachers in that place. They were not to get proud, and stiff, and formal, because they had a new chapel. Sonie things were necessary to their prosperity as a Church. They must be a praying Church, and the rev. gentleman gave a striking and deeply interesting example from bis own experience of the power of prayer. They must also be a ' woridng Church, and they pnist be a giving Church. Many men could work, and pray too, most lustily, but if you went with them when the collection was Jbeing taken, it was precious little (hey gave. If they kept these ~wpcepts before them they would soon be clear of debt. He did not belie vein debts. Theywere always an incuti?* and a burden, Their present debt was too laigg, Mid they must reduce it. They must go steadily and determinedly to work; systematic giving was the true method. He fenew times were bad, but those who had money must 'come down' liberally and compensate for the inability of those who had none. He knew the moneyed men of Gawler would not fajl them. They knew he did not go in for bazaars, fop he believed in direct taxation. After all he thought they made the privilege of giving too cheap. In his soul he did. He would place the plate right up in the steeple, and make the people climb up to put their contributions in. He entreated them to do what they could, earnestly and prayerfully, and Gpd would reward them." The total proceeds of Sunday's and Tuesday's services were about £100. BAZAAR AT KOORINGA.—A bazaar was held in the Grammar Schoolroom, Kooringa, a short time ago, on behalf of the Parsonage Repair and Church Endowment Funds of the Church of England. Music and singing by lady and gentlemen amateurs at intervals added greatly to the enjoyment of both sellers and purchasers, and formed a pleasing feature in the programme, and the success of the whole affair exceeded expectations. The weather on two days was highly favourable, the attendance very numerous, and the stalls were presided over by Mesdaines Barker, Dashwood, Rosman, Young, Moody, Batchelor, Goodhart, and White, and the Misses Stanton. The first day's receipts were nearly £80; the total proceeds being over £200. This result, considering the depopulated and dreary state of the Burra, was a large sum. Great credit was due to the ladies for their labours before and their exertions during the bazaar. GUINEA GBASS.—As illustrating the difficulty -which some experience in successfully raising this grass here we have seen a letter addressed by Mr. J. Hance, of North Terrace, on January 29, to Messrs. Hackett, which as the result of experiment, makes a suggestion as to the time of tsowing. It says:—"I send you herewith a specimen of Guinea grass, grown from seed urehased at your establishment in July last. f bought several packets, and gave some away, but the parties did not succeed in raising any. In July I sowed a quantity, but none of it germinated. I tried again in the middle of August, when two stalks appeared, which induced me to make a third attempt about the middle of September, when it came up quickly and produced about a hundred plants. It was sown in pots in a greenhouse. It should not, I think, be sown in the open ground before the 1st of October. I have given away several of the roots, and have, unfortunately, had many more destroyed, but have still between 30 and 40 left. They have not yet seeded, but I find some of the blades exceed three feet in length, and appear very flourishing." 