Justin Jriars. by THE AUTHOR OF "GEORGE GEITH OF FEN COURT." The exclusive right of imMishing "Austin Friari" Inloitalii 3ui been purchased hjr the Proprietor* of the Adelaide Otorwr. CHAPTER VIIL MB. FRIABS IS CURIOUS. Whatever a «n»n may be, no matter how bad, how uninteresting, there is no question that when his punishment comes upon him ^ii« flesh quivers under the lash just the same as if he were the tenderest and most virtuous of mortals. Sorrow, like pain, stings the saint and the sinner into a wonderful identity of suffering. For the time being the feelings of the two are so that the spectator forgets in his sympathy to remember which merits his pity most; or if he recollect he should make a difference between the twain, he rather Inclines to bestow it on him who, when he loses the good things of this life, loses everything, and who has not a delightful consciousness of his own goodness and a certain assurance of ultimate reward to support him under the world's cat. There is a deeper depth into which the soul of such a man descends, when, having endured his punishment, he draws his conventional garments over his raw wounds and goes out alone with his pain, that few saints would care to fathom ; a mental hell, in which he feels himmlf man-forsaken and God-forsaken; and while he abides there he believes in nothing save his own agony, and disbelieves everything-even the soothing influence of time. As Austin Friars drove back to town after Iiib conversation with Mr. Collis, he made one of those mental descents of whicli I have spoken. He was wild with rage and grief and disappointment. He had girt up his loins and put on his armour for the battle, confident almost of victory. He had gone down meaning to wring a "oonfession" out of the old man; and now thathe had elicited it, behold the result! Not the Philistine, when, struck by the pebble of his adversary the ruddy-faced shepherd-boy, he fell back dead, was more utterly discomfited than Austin Friars after hearing the history of his birth. As on a winter'3 morning we brush aside a cobweb, glittering all white and beautiful in the frosty sunlight, so Mr. Collis swept away the illusion of his nephew's life-that illusion which had largely contributed to make him what he was. And in lieu ef his illusion what remained? Austin bitterly asked himself as he drove home. Friendless, penniless, hopeless, lie stood now in existence, with only one uncertain plank between him and the sea of utter despair. There was nothing left to him save Mary Monteith. And even with that chance Mr. Collis had intimated a desire to meddle. "Only let him !" thought Austin. " Only " and he clenched his hands and ground his teeth, a? a finish to the sentence -"for I am desperate, ; I I shouldn't much care what I didall of which must be taken as merely the strong expressions of a weak man-a man so weak that, because of his very impotence, he reviled and detested those whom he regarded as his enemies. And yet, look you, friends, it was very hard-as he himself had said-to give any one the ideas, education, surroundings of a gentleman, and then in a moment show him the length and depth and width of the social gulf which separated him from those with whom he had hitherto mixed on terms of social equality. For even illegitimacy has its ranks-yes, Madam, I speak the truth, though it suits society verbally to ignore the fact, all the while that it is asking to dinner with many urgent invitations the son of a Duke, about whose mode of coming into the world there is much uncertainty, and sternly refusing the entree to John, born in lawful wedlock of honest but poor parents-illegitimacy lias its ranks; ana Austin had always considered his illegitimacy belonged to rather a respect able class ; but now he was suddenly and awfully awakened from his delusion. The faux pas of a woman is looked on, and rightly, to be less pardonable than that of a man; and in like manner the social descent of a woman in matters of this sort is, rightly again, viewed with more instinctive disfavour than the social descent of a man Though he had not mixed in the great werld ; though Lords and Marquises were delicacies quite beyond the reach of Austin Friars even in his best days ; still he was sufficiently of the world to understand all this-to know that whereas society would -virtuously turn its shapely back en the illegitimate offspring of Miss Collis and her mamma's footman, it might yet not hesitate to extend a couple of fingers towards a tangible error of Mr Collis youth; parti cularly if Mr. Collis behaved handsomely in the matter, and made up for what Austin lacked as regarded blood by providing him with a sufficient amount of bone. He had desired both-this man of whom I am talking-he had deceived many a one beside Yorke with stories of how he was connected with the Hertfordshire Friars, and could claim kin with one of that family who fought at Marston Moor; and he had firmly believed he should be left heir to all Mr. Collis' property: to his house, with its admirable appointments; to the apricots that ripened in the autumn sun; to the mulberry growing opposite the dining-room window; to the plate, that only on rare occasions saw the light; to the cellar of choice wines, and the old-fashioned but substantial and convertible furniture ; to the well- established business, the headquarters of which were in Austin Friars itself ; and to the large balance at Smith Payne's, that Austin Friars, the man, had often in ima gination reduced. These things he had owned, mentally, a hundred times over, and now, not even mentally, could cue of them over be his again. When, with horrid precision, Mr. Collis informed him of his exact position in the social scale-his position, th^t i", so far as money or birth could decide it-Austin felt that hope died out ; his heart sickened within him-he grew faint and weary ; he had scarcely spirit enough left even to be angry; he was as oue stricken by some mortal disease when he left the house and went out into the night with p. sense of a new and strange desolation upon him. Then there ensued the sort of battle I have i.ried to describe, the depth of despair I have asked you to look down into ; while mingling with and pervading all his other thoughts came the memory of Yorke-the only creature on earth who could have comforted him at that juncture, but between whom and himself he had raised a barrier as high as time-as long as eternity. Back to the old home in Scott's yard the man's weary eyes turned regretfully, and, as he recalled the soft outstretched hands that had always greeted his return, as he heard in imagination the low voice which he never remembered to have spoken any words save those of love, counsel, or welcome, he felt that something very good and very sweet had eluded his grasp, lie tried to secure too much, and 10! this was the result-an uncertain future without Yorke. Without Yorke! Ah, well, we cannot have ^ always a prudent match and the heart's best love-we cannot always secure a millionaire _ for father-in-law and a woman beyond price for wife. Given a woman sensible as Yorke Friars, dowerless, and a prospective heiress, and even Yorke Friars shall tell you which a man will choose. For the characteristic of the ninr-w,.^ century -at least of that part of it in which God has cast our lot- is discontent, and the man or the woman who can give a woman or man the loaves and fishes without working for them is the individual able immediately to eccurc a partner lor life. Whether the partnership answer in all cases, is quite another question- one which yen and 1, reader, are never likely to know much concerning, since it cannot be dissolved by "mutual oonsent," after the fashion of ah ordinary business transaction. If it could, how many, I wonder, would remain this night one ; how many would "cry off," and how many would exclaim, " Thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God!" It is not the marriage-tie which hangs so terrible on men nowadays, but rather the .w omen men many. Given two hright eyes and a pair of pink cheeks, and thffw things content a husband when the evil days come on him? Shall an «labprwtp chignon and a -walking costume satisfy the male creature, who has had to pay for both, when creditors are clamouring at door, and the wife of his bosom can thinlr of no surer means of consolation fli*" a fit of hysterics, and a frantic wonder as to what poor mamma would feel if she only knew the strait in which her darling Jemima Jaae was placed? The longer men lire in this world, the better they comprehend how seldom a wife Eroves in any sense a helpmeet to her nsband, and the more highly they estimate those rare women who fulfil Solomon's idea of what the mistress of a house should be. To Austin Friars, Yorke had been all and more the wise Bans of Israel, who acted so foolishly, described-pradent he found her, and thrifty, wise and gentle, long- enduring, full of a gracious tenderness; but, beyond all thiB, she was the love of his heart, the love of his lore, the woman to whom, through all the years to come, whether in sunshine or whether in storm, his soul flew back continually, like a dove seeking and shade, and seeking it vainly. And this was prefigured to him that night as he drove home from Meadow House tonis chambers near Piccadilly. Spite of his reverses he had never relinquished chambers, save for the few weeks when he believed he was going abroad, but kept them on, apparently as an assurance to hiWlf that he «vas still not utterly down in the world, not a mere struggling citizen without a hope save of ultimately renting a semi detached villa at Dalston or Camden Town. All his life long Austin had detested the "mill," as he called business, except as a means to an end; and even in the days when he was comparatively wealthy, and trapping up his fine house at Upper Clapton in bachelor style, entertaining City men with bachelor profusion, he yet passed a second existence at the West-where he was no longer Friars the merchant turning heaven knows how much a year, but Friars of the "Junior Exclusive," who, though "some thing in the City," was, nevertheless, in the exhaustive language of his fashionable acquaintances, " a devilish pleasant fellow." After his reverses, though those acquaint ances beheld liini but rarely, he still remained a member of the " Junior Exclu sive, " and occasionally dined there with any man whose goodwill he desired to conciliate; so that even whilst almost foundering pecuniarily in Scott's yard, he had retained .1 fiim grasp on the borders of that life which he desired to enter, and of which he believed he could at any moment make himai>1f free, if ever the jade Fortune took it into her head to smile upon liim again. And now, when she seemed disposed to look once more with some kindness on her old favourite, was it not hard that a man like Mr. Coliis (that "brute Coliis," as Austin, with less civility, called him) should not merely have the will, but also the power, to dash so sweet a cup from his lips ? One word to Mr. Monteitli, lie knew, and even more swiftly than the fair bride flew away with Locliinvar would hi« promised wife be borne off from Austin Friary He had tried to keep the news of his approaching wedding quiet; for though he felt little fear of the secret oozing out, since there were but few who knew it, and those few scarcely likely to cross either him or his path, there was yet a strong element of caution in the man's character, which made him delight in doing good things for himself by stealth, and scarcely letting his left *"""1 know all the grand fortune bit; right proposed carving out for him. This secrecy now promised to stand hiT in good stead; for he plainly saw that his only chance of defeating Mr. Coliis was by temporising with him "Once married," he considered, and big soul revived within him, " I can £nap my fingers at them all. Once married, and even if the truth do ever come out, Coliis must back me up. He cannot undo the fact of his sister having been my mother; and he would scarcely think it worth his while to talk much about the other side of the house, more particularly as, spite of that drawback, he gave me the education and manners of a gentleman.'' Having comforted himself with which not utterly illogical conclusion, Mr. Friars proceeded to dress with his usual careful solicitude for the welfare of his own appear ance. After he had dressed, he considered that, as it was only an evening party at the Monteitbs', he might as well look in at his Club before proceeding thither; aud accord ingly, while Mary was watching the arrivals, hoping each moment to see him enter, he drove round to the Exclusive, chatted to one or two of his acquaintances, and refreshed himself with something much stronger Mr. Coliis' claret. As usual, the stimulant did its work, and he was about leaving his; Club much more confident of ultimate success than had been the case an hour before, when a letter was put into his hands, writtenby the very last person from whom Austin expected at that juncture to hear. "If you are not engaged, I should like to see you for ten minutes-to-night if possible." So the epistle ran. It had no formal commencement, it had no signature; but right well the man knew from whom it came, and his heart, as he read, gave first a great bound of hope, and then sank oppressed by an unspeakable dread. What could she want with him-she who had flung him and his proffered love aside as things too base for her ever to think of in the future? What could she want, ay, andL in such hot haste too ? Did she know ? was she going to turn against him? was he not merely to lose her, but also all the fortune of which he had made so certain ? 1o a request from any other person he would that night, most probably, have turned a deaf ear; but such a note from \ orke was not to be lightly regarded or i cavalierly treated. He knew the woman who better ?-knew she would not for any small matter have sent iiim such a note knew it was for no possible advantage to herself, present or to come, that she desired to see him; and for all these reasons he turned back into his Club, and wrote thus to Mary Montcitli: " Dearest-1 have this moment received « note from my sister-in-law, askiug me particularly to see her to-night. As I know ] she would not have sent at this hour except ing for some matter of importance, I think it better to run down to the City. If possible, however, 1 will be with you before 10 o'clock. I have only just returned from Denmark liill.-Ever, darling, your devoted AUSTIN. " He felt writing this. To do the man justice, he experienced a qualm about it, though it was a qualm simply affecting himself. The letters came in too close juxta position for the dead past not to rise before him like a living presence, and as he signed ; "your devoted Austin," something of personal pity touched his heart. What if the face memory gave back to him at that instant were sad and tear-stained, it was yet in its sorrow, in its tenderness, in its remorse, more lovely to him than the countenance of woman might ever seem again. Amongst his treasures, amongst those odds and ends of rubbish which all people preserve for no other conceivable purpose, as it seems, than occasionally to raise old ghosts that had better far be laid with book and bell and candle, Austin knew there was a certain packet of letters beginning with words warmer than "Dearest," aud signed, many of them, " Yours till death. Yoikc." As he traced the words " vour devoted," i he thought of those letters, the like ef which he could never hope to receive again -letters written by a woman who, feeling their mutual love hopeless, had not been reticent about her share of it-letters written when they had agreed to j)art letters written when it was too late to separate-letters written when for his sake she was cheerfully bearing her portion of their common suffering and their common poverty-letters written when she was in very deed and in very truth his till death. And now-ah, well-a-day !-death could never bave patted more utterly than a few words from Austin had done. Behold, the mystic chain was severed, their sweet love dead and faded, like the summer roses in December, or the last year's buds in May. For others there might be a summer coming, fragrant with more beauteous flowers-for others the hawthorn might put forth its blossoms, and the eglantine trail its branches over hedgerow ana bank; but for them, these things could come again no more for ever. Ice and snow lay on the ground ; the trees were bare, the parterres scentless ; and no spring {he Lord might send on the earth from that day forth could restore to life the flowers which the frost had hilled. We want so much in this world, f i iends we want all store of good things in the future, and we desire to retain all we possess in the present. We ask for love and wealth, for fame, for social consideration, for the dear home-ties in a breath, though we know that we cannot have every wish of our heart gratified here; that if our life were thus filled to overflowing, some other must be left bare of blessing, of hope, and of compensation. If, however, Austin Friars had ever learned this last truth, he never grasped the meaning of it. Walking along the pavements smoking -for he had, spite of his note to Mi as Monteith, given up all idea of appearing at her party-he only thought Fate hard because, while it gave him wealth and a young pretty bride, it denied him wealth and Yorke. There is constancy in man you perceive, .my fair reader, though it often takes a wrong and inconvenient form; and there was constancy even in this poor, weak, selfish Austin, who had done so evil a thing for himself as to cast aside the only woman he was ever likely to love through all the years to come. Walking along-and smoking, as I have said-Mr. Friars considered, whether it might not have been better for him in the days gone by had he married Yorke. The idea was by no means a new one to him, and it Lad occurred to his imagination thus: " The man (Foide) loved her; he is tied to her. He is a man of wealth, family, and so forth, and could not by any possibility make the matter up again. On the other hand, it is within the hounds of possibility he may wish to be free to marry some oue else. Given first, therefore, that he love her, and would desire to make her happy; secondly, that he himself desire to be free and the result is a divorce." A divorce, however, as a rule, involves costs and damages; and Mr. Friars' soul had ahvaj's retired appalled at the thought of these contingencies. Certainly, there were insane intervals when Austin imagined, not merely that Mr. Forde might disown his wife, but that he would find him (Austin Friars, of the firm of Friars & Co.) capital to make the ex-Mrs. Forde happy and pros perous. But as dieams fade away before the morning light, so these absurd fancies fled at the approach of reason; and as they fled, Austin beheld not the lover sorty for the fright and sorrow and shame of his wife who should have been, but the avenging husband visiting upon a man the sins he could not punish in a woman-flaying, so to speak, the male back, spite of the poor soft white arms that were so impotent to shield from pain or from trouble when the evil days came. And yet, notwithstanding all this, Austin, walking Cityward, wished he had done it wished he had been manly enough to give Mr. Forde a chance of emancipation-wished he had feared neither counsel nor Jury wished he had made it possible for Yorke to stand with him openly, shoulder to shoulder, in the battle ef life. " We should have won it," he thought; and remembering all her bravery, all her strength, all her loving tenderness, the man's soul melted within him and he murmured half aloud 4i My poor darling! can I ever forget " Couldhe! Ah! the man were not human had that proved possible. A room-it all came back to him as he walked along the pavements-a room where life and death had fought and wrestled for the mastery-a room from whence a soul had well-nigh departed, into which a fresh soul had been born-a room where the lights were shaded, whore he had to stoop to catch the words which came feebly over her white lips: "O Austin, what would I not give to be ' your wife!" " And God knows I would give everything I have, and everything 1 ever hope to have, if 1 could make you so." Ay, and God did know those words were 1 true then; for even Austin, remembering, 1 could not deny they came from the very ! labour of his soul. But what would you? Time passes, and the feelings of the time ! pass away too. Some women, like some ; men, cannot time the hour of their death ? judiciously. Had she done so, what a j memory this woman might have left behind! i What a mixture of remorse and pity, and . love and wonderment, that one so pure could ever have become so stained-that one for whom life seemed calculated to hold so much should ever have made such a shipwreck of existence! Ah, well! in the next world no doubt this little mystery of wasted lives of lives wasted because lived toe fully and too rapidly-will be made quite clear; though nowadays it puzzles one to know why that Virtue which docs nothing-not even make itself agreeable-should be, as is generally supposed, so much more pleasing in the sight of heaven than Frailty standing in the corner, with clasped hands and down cast eyes, crying humbly, "God be merciful to me a sinner!" It mattered little, however, now to Austin what she, this woman whom he loved, had been, for they were parted, though even yet he could scarcely realise the fact, though lie speculated as he walked on the possibility that her husband might have died, that she ought be free-ay, and perhaps wealthy. More unlikely tilings had happened before ; even within his knowledge of her, that thousand pounds; of which previous mention has been made, came an unexpected windfall. And supposing this were so, could the recent ureach not be closed, and Yorke persuaded Bah; he flung away his cigar with an impa tient ejaculation as he awoke from his drcain and faced reality. She was gone from him -gone as utterly as though the grass were frowing over her grave, and in place of 'orke there would sit at his hearth, and greet him in the days to come, one fair and young and sweet indeed, but towards whom he could never feel a tithe of that love which had made poverty itself almost bear able, and work not entirely unendurable, to the man who hated both. He had been but rarely at the oiiico since that night when Le informed Yorke of his approaching marriage, and the pair had never met during the interval. It was therefore only natuial that, knowing he was to look her in the face again, the man to whom she was dearer than anything ou earth save him self should pause for an instant on the thres hold, and that, as he ascended the staircase, he should look up for a moment, almost expecting to behold the dear face bending to catch the first sight of his, the white hands stretched out in welcome with that gesture he remembered so welL But these things were gone and past cone like the Yorke he had known, and whose place was now occupied by one out wardly reseif 1 j? mg her indeed, after the fasnion in which a statue may resemble a woman, but cold as the hand she gave him^ as the words with which she greeted her visitor. " I am sorry to have given you so much trouble,' she began, when he interrupted reproachfully " Trouble to see you, Yorke?"' " It is very kind of you to put it in that way," sbc calmly replied, " sincc I know it must have been an iuconveiiionce for you to come here at so late an hour." " I would come from the ends of the earth, and at any moment of the day or night, to see you, 1 oriic," he said fiercely ; " and yon know it, you who have cast nie oC." " We will not reopen that question, if you please," she decided. "We said all which ever need or ever ought to be said on such a subject the other evening, and I for one decline to discuss it further. Will you not sit down? though it seems rather absurd to j offer that civility to & man who Is ill his own : house." | " It is yours as mnch as mine, Yorke," he I answered, " though I am sorry to say it will not be mine much longer." " Why are you sonyT" "Because it will make a difference to yon. " Aw. you certain of tliat ?' "Quite; the landlord's agent writes me word he has let the house to a tenant liia principal agrees to accept, and that my responsibility will therefore _ cease almost immediately. Of course this is wliat I wished in one way-but O, Yorkfi "You need not fret yourself on my account," die said. " Believe me, I am quite capable of attending to my own comforts and interests." "Will you tell me what you mean to do? " Certainly not; our way does not now lie together, and there can therefore be no necessity for either to tell the other whither we purpose travelling." "1 would tell you anything on earth, Yorke," he declared. "Would you?" she retorted; "then a angular change been wrought within the last 'week in your ideas. I am not blaming you for your secrecy, remember," she went on; " but still I cannot quite forget the years we lived together, as 1 imagined, in perfect confidence, with scarcely a thought kept back, while all the time " "Well-goon," he exclaimed; "whileall the time " " You had a secret you were keeping from me, a sorrow you denied my sharing." It was not the way in which he had expected her to put the matter, and her womanly consideration softened him. " And if there were a secret and a sorrow, Yorke," he said, " why should I have burdened you with either'?" " Because it would have been better for you," she replied. " Ah, Austin, you might have trusted me." He rose impatiently from his seat, and, crossing his arms on the mantelpiece, rested his head upon them. There had been a time when he could not have remained thus for a moment without a caressing hand resting on his shoulder, an entrea'ig voice sounding in his ear and praying him to be comforted, 3"ct now Yorke sat still and looked at him-not hardly, it is true, but with a sad pity in her sweet eyes. Think of that pair, reader-think of them in that old room where they had been hainy and sony together, but never separate before divided now for ever-think of all the memories which crowded upon each during that minute's silence-think of the man still smartii^ under ilie recollect .011 of liis> interview with Mr. Collis. standing there and feeling she could, witnessing his anguidi, still sit quiet-think of the woman who had been near to as a wife, and dearer than many wives we wot of, gazing upon him, while a sharp and cruel pain seemed tearing her heart to pieces. She was more a widow at that moment than one who looks upon her husband lying in his coffin; for the latter only beholds what has been living dead, while Yorke failed to see anything save what had lived solely in her own imagination. The man who stood there in his crushed pride, with bowed head and humiliated spirit, was not the man to whom she had given herself in the days departed. To a myth, to a shadow, to a dream, she had sacrificed herself, and hsr hopes, and her position; and yet it was not of all this the woman thought as she gazed upon him, but rather of the anguish she knew he was experiencing. " How long have you been aware of this ?" he asked at length. "What can it signify," she replied, "whether I heard it yesterday or a year since? I know you are about committing a second deception, and I sent for you to-night to pray you not to do it." "You only knew to-night, Uien, or to day?" he suggested. " As 1 said before, it cannot matter to you when or where I heard the fact; but it may matter much to you if Miss Monteith hear it too." " Do you intend to tell her?" he enquired. "No; but I think you should," she answered. " And Eupposing I assure yon thor* is uo earthly necessity for me to do anything 01 the kind " "Of course, I should accept your word without question, and-retain nn own opinion." He looked at her as she made this pleasant reply, and said " There is no deceiving you, Yorke.' "1 used to have an idea of the same kind," she answered ; " but I find I was mistaken." " 1 never deceived you," he began, but she interrupted him hurriedly. "Formercy's sake," she entreated, "let our dead past lie; it is none so lovely by this time that we should rake up the old bones, in order to look upon the skeleton of what was once-once-not utterly ghastly " " Yorke-" that momentary breakdown gave l»im an advantage over her, and he was not slow to seize it-"Yorke, let ? ygones be bygones, and we can make a future for our selves more beautiful than any past we have either of us experienced." Then in a moment Yorke had snatched her hand from him. and stood erect. " No, we cannot," she retorted ; " mr can you-nor can any one, make my future beau tiful, or my past, as 1 look at it now, other than unlovely. You cannot give me back the man I loved-the man 1 believed in-the man at whose bidding I would have gone through lire and water to serve or please. The man I loved was not you, Austin Friars; and you no more restore liim to me tiiau you can restore myself to me, or bring back the years which have been as totally destroyed in my lilt as though the locust had eaten and the canker-worm destroyed them." "Then it is all gone and past," he said sadly. "'it is all «one. Whether it be all past. ! is quite another question," she answered, | j " seeing that ever when a man is in his grave 1 his past cannot be considered quite surely ] buried and forgotten. It is all buried, j ever, so far as we are concerned." 1 " How easily you can forget !' he murmuivd. "It was not I who forgot first," she retorted ; " but, as 1 said before, there must be an end of this. V iat 1 wanted to speak to you about to-night was, iirst, yourself; ; i and, secondly, Miss Monteith. You must , not let her marry you iu ignorance ; ymi 1 should tell her f'athc . 10 and what you ! are." " And what do you suppose I am he asked. "Notone oc the Hertfordshire Friars, at all events," si., replied. "But, to speak more plainly-" he suggested. ".Nay, Austin, there can be no necessity for me to do so. You know very well what ; 1 mean, and you mutt be aware it would never do for you to run the risk of such a secret reaching Mr. Monteith s ears after you are married." "If Mr. Monteith suspect nr.thiiig about I care very little, w once 1 am Lis son-in-law, what he 11! '*' 'r_ar coucemmg " But the deception," she pleaded. " Where is the dece^.ion Like the girl, he takes me for what 1 am ; like the girl, he takes me because he is somewhat senti mental, and in his domestic relations utterly unworldly. His dead son was fond of me, in the days when 1 first knew you ; and so, for the sake of that dead son, and because he believes 1 have it {in me to conquer fortune again, he does not object to give me hia daughter. He agrees, not because he ? imagines me to be the descendant of a line of ! kings, but because he is attached to his j daughter, and his daughter is attached to j me, aud lie wants to keep iier tntRi liim, and I he desires to have some one to succeed him in j bis business. There is the position, Yorke, the exact position of affairs.' [ "But supposing," said Yorke, "you were j once married, and that someone went to Mr. j Monteith and toid him, * Your son-:* -law is j not exactly what you think; he -iaS kept j something back ; he has not been straight- j forward with you,' 3*ou might lose his coniidence and his daughter's affection. | I Your position might become unfiniwfmUble; your prospects uncertain. Every hour in flip day they might mnlra you fed thftt if you had not been open, with {hem. thsy would not be confidential with yon. Believe me, Austin," she exclaimed earnestly, "truth is always the best. Go to Mr, Monteith and tell him everything, and then, whatever happen, yon win fed that yon have acted honourably and. honestly, and that no one can hereafter cast a stone at you." " Not even about you, Yorke?" " Not even about me," she repeated. " 1 have always known, in a vague sort of way, that a relation like ours could not continue for ever ; and if I hold back my hand, who should dare injure you? Had I to speak ever-in the future of our past, which God forbid, I should not talk of the last few days, but of the years in which you were more rtian husband to me, and I more thaw wife to you. I should talk of the love^ and the care and the tenderness-of nothing else, you may be quite sure." "O Yorke ! I wish " " Yes, Austin," she interrupted, " I know you do; and I also know there is no use in wishing now; and it iB because I am afraid there may come a day after you are married when you will wish to as little purpose once again, that 1 advise you to go to Mr. Monteith and tell him everything. Will you -for my sake, will you ?" " For your sake! Yes, if you will promise to be to me-as you yourself said a moment since-more than wife-1 will go and tell him all, though that all is not exactly what you suppose." "It can never be," she answered. "After what has passed between us, do you suppose we could take up the fthost of our love and play at make-believe with it like children ? It **gT> never be. Had it been otherwise I could not have asked you to come here to-night. 1 could not have advised you as 1 have done." _ , " " If that be so, then," he replied, " I shall not follow your advice. I went into this matter with my eyes open. I saw just what such a match might do for me-for you. I never had a thought of disassociating our interests " 11 Please leave me out of the matter, she interrupted, "I would rather feel 1 have been deserted than insulted." "I did not mean to insult you," he proceeded doggedly. "I am only stating facts. I saw the match would be a desirable one. I knew my own position was desperate. I imagined such a marriage would give lit " " You," she corrected. " Cs," he repeated " ease of mind-relief from humiliation. If I could have got such help without marriage, I should have preferred it; but " " The wife being a necessary encumbrance, you kindly agreed to take her,' Yorke finished. "The wife being young, pretty, and passably accomplished, I agreed to take her, as I should have agreed all the same had she been old, ugly, and ignorant." "And, to go back to what I said before, suppose these people ever discover that you have not been quite frank with them ?" "Sufficient for the day," he answered, "and besides, once married, I can snap my fingers" (he was repeating the words he had rehearsed to himself driving back from Denmark-hill) ''at busybodies. You may be quite sure I shall not be such a fool as to neglect placing myself as soon as possible beyond the power of any parent's whims." "To do you justice," she said, " I never doubted that, according to your light, you would strive to make yourself independent of the Monteiths. It was only your light I doubted." "You never did believe in me," he said somewhat irritably. "Kay, Austin, I believe only too fully, she answered; then hastily proceeded, " Bat this is no matter of sentiment, it is a question of worldly expediency; and in worldly matters my vision was always keener and clearer than yours. Take my a<? ice, there fore-it is about the last piece of advice 1 am ever likely to offer you-and be frank with these people." "I cannot be frank with them now," he persisted; " and if 1 could. I would not. Besides, what is there to tell? My mother was a sister of Mr. Collis; on my father's side I am one of the Hertfordshire Friars ; there, what more would you have?" " 1 would have you speak the truth to me, Austin," she retorted, " if you never mean to speak it to any one again. I do not want to know the particulars of your birth, but there is no use in your trying to delude me with any nonsense about it now. It^ is natural, I know, that you should shrink from undeceiving Miss Monteith, but why you feel it necessary to try to blind me passes my understanding, fapite of all things, my last words to you are-tell Mr. Monteith the truth at any cost, no matter what the result may prove." " You appear to think I am wonderfully* enamoured of pauperism," he answered. "I have wealth, position, ease of mind, some rest of body, within my grasp, and you ! coolly bid me jeopardise all these good things, for the possession of which I have already sacrificed so much, by opening my mouth when no earthly harm can come to any one by my keeping it closed." " You think the game so well worth having, and feel so sure of winning it," she said, "that 3*ou do not mind risking the possible caudle." "You have expressed my exact meaning, epigrammatically, as usual," he replied. For a moment they looked at each other in silence-she leaning slightly back in her chair, with hands clasped loosely together in her lap ; he leaning against the chimney piece, regarding her with an expression which was half-bitter, half-tender. He hated her manner of taking it; he hati'd the way she put it; but he loved her, and he feit if she would only unclasp those dear fingers aud hold a hand towards hiin he could have liung himself on his knees before her. and told her all his sorrow, his suffering, his disappointment, his fear. Perhaps she guessed what was passing through his mind, for, before he coula speak again, she began: 1 There, lhave done; I have said all and more I meant to say in this matter- only I would to God I had either known less or been aWe to influence you more, even for t'ie ^uTs sake." " 1+ wouid break her heart to have any thing come between us now," he retorted, with a faiivnge pleasure at the pain he knew lie was gi 'ng. " Poor lieait !" Yorke said softly; and the uion was silenced. "She wishes to see you very much," he began, after a pause. .. .she cannot expect to have every wish gratified." was the reply. " L thought that perhaps you might not object to he remarked. " Believing, asthc-v do, that you are my sister-in-law, both father anil 'daughter are pained and hurt by your persistent refusal of their invitations." ?'You should have protected me from those invitations," she said. "But, Yorke, what could I do? Mr. Monteith has seen you here over and over again ; he has asked me a hundred questions about you ; Mary want-s to know you-why cannot you accept the position, aud make the best of a bad business by putting a good face upon if:"' " Because I am not such a clever hypocrite as you, Austin," she answered; "because I mean our parting to be final ; because, when once we have spoken about the few business matters tliat must lie arranged immediately, you shall be to me as one dead or gone away to a far country. I have written to Miss Monteith that 1 do not and that I will not visit; Ibat I wish her all liappincss; and tliat, were it not for very sorrowful circum stances in my life which have rendered all society distasteful. I would gladly make her acquaintance. I have done all 1 can do-I have done all I will do." " They are not content about the matter, however,1' be replied. " They want to have you there; Mr. Monteith is specially grieved at your decision." " That is a pity," she said. " I suppose I am to those people what the vineyard of Naboth the Jeaedite mi to Ahab. They have e vuryUung the heart «m desire--they have wealth and and position-and you ; and lo! they ate not content; they want me. They desire that Mordecai should do homage to them; and while I refuse to go to Manchester-square, their cup scarcely seems full enough or sweet wmngh, You should hare shielded me from tii«, at all events, Austin." " I could not shield you from it so long as they knew of your existence," he answered. "Let it pass, then," she agreed, "only clearly understand my intentions. You are nothing to me now; and as these people are less than nothing, I will never cross the threshold of their home." " Yon will think better if it," he suggested. "HI thought differently, I should think worse," was the reply; "but now as we have talked fully over your affairs, I should like to speak about my own. Of course you are aware I cannot live on air, healthy as the City is reported to be ; and though I do not desire to trouble yon about money matters, still I may just mention that I want you to repay me that legacy of Mrs. Clissold's." "I wish yon would let me provide for you," he said. "I would rather provide for myself," she answered; " and with that money 1 believe 1 can manage to do so. At all events, I mean to try. Mr. Fulke and I have fedl-wi the matter over, and he considers there ought to be some arrangement made before you are actually either Mr. Monteith's partner or son-in-law." "Did you consider it necessary, then, Yorke, to consult a lawyer on thitt subject?" he enquired. "I thought it necessary," was the reply, " to explain my exact position to Mr. Fulke and ask his advice, ana it would have been pleasanter for me had he taken the whole management of my affairs ; but I could not bear you to feel he was acting as a lawyer between us, for which reason I have chosen to speak to you myself. Of course I do not want to trouble you about the money, but I desire a settlement; and Mr. Fulke thought that perhaps bills " " 1'or heaven's sake, Yorke, do not go on! I cannot endure these business details between you and ms. Of course you shall have your money." " I hope I shall," she said quietly, '' for it would be a very disastrous thing to me if I had not. However, as j*ou remark, these business details arc not agreeable between man and woman when once a ma.n and woman come to have separate interests. Do, pray, see Mr. Fulke, and arrange with him will you?" "Yes," Austin promised. And Yorke added no more, though she felt satisfied from his tone he had not the slightest intention of performing. For a moment there ensued a silence, during the course of which Yorke expected him to make some movement to go; but he still leant against the chimneypiece looking moodily across the room-looking at the books ranged on their shelves, at the files hanging against the wall, at the papers littering his writing- table, at the lamp by the light of which he had cast-up many and many a weary column of figures in the days when hope was strong within him, ami it still seemed competent to the man to make a bright fixture by means of hard labour in the present. He thought about himself, and then about Yorke; and after he had thought for a while, he began: " I wish you would tell me your plans. What are you going to do ? Where do you mean to live ?" " I will not tell you what I am going to do or where I mean to live," she replied. "As for my plans, 1 can only assure you of this much, that if I had not formed them in haste and in anger, I do not tln'nlt they are such as I should ever have adopted. I only think this, however, and mention it merely so that, if hereafter you imagine I have been deceitful and double-faced towards you, there may occur to you in the same moment my present justification." He pondered over this answer for a minute, then said: "May I ask you one question-do you intend to many ?" " Marry ! I-marry! Austin, are yon mad?" " No ; I repeat my enquiry." "Certainly not; if even I wished to marry, how could I do so ?" " Many a woman would risk it under the circumstances," he muttered: then added aloud, "But you have been asked to marry?" " That is not a question you have a right to ask," she said; "as it is assuredly one that I have no right to answer." " You have answered it," Austin declared; and he turned towards the lire with some thing between a smile and a sneer playing about his lips. "Now, how could he have known any thing concerning that ?" thought Yorke j but she was a wise woman, and held her peace, fortunately. " I must be going," said the man at length, rousing himself from a long fit of musing. " 1 must be going, though heaven knows I wish I had never to go. You have not offered me food or drink-not even bread and water, Yorke-since I came into the house, in token of friendship. Are you aware of this omission "Yes," she answered "it is best so, believe me." " But we are friends ?" "I trust we shall never be other than good friends; but 1 trust also that after to-night we shall be good friends at a distance." " I cannot win a word from you, Yorke !" "Never again !" And as he looked at her, standing pale and resolute in the subdued light of the shaded lamp, he knew what she said was true. She had risen at once when he first spoke of leaving ; and now, lifting a small parcel from the table, she offered it to him. " Your letters," she shortly explained; "at your convenience will you send me mine H" " Do you require them, Yorke f he asked. "No," she answered; "but they had better be destroyed. It would scarcely please j'our wife to read some of them if they ever fell in her way hereafter." " I did not think it was in you to take this parting as you have done," he remarked bitterly. " Ah ! we never know what is in us till we are tried," she replied. He took her hand and held it for a moment, while he looked steadfastly in her face, seeking for some token of relenting; but he might as well have looked into the eyes of a picture as at those which had ones beamed back on him such glances of tenderness and love. "Good-bye, Yorke !" he said at length. " Good-bye, Austin ; God bless you !" "And you !'' be answered, a little huskily; then the door closed, and Austin Friars was gone. She stood where he had left her till she heard the hall-door slam and his tread echoing down the yard; then she walked across the room, and, leaning her head against the cold marble, remained looking into the lire, reading, perhaps, a story there. Meantime Austin stopped under the archway in order to light his cigar. When he had coaxed a match to ignite, and puffed his havanna into a red glow, he turned into Bush-lane, muttering almost audibly : "1 wonder what the deuce it is she intends doing ?" THK VICTORIA REGIA HOUSE.-The Governors I of the Botanic Garden held a meeting on ! Friday last, when it was resolved that the i Victoria Kegia House should remain open ? every day in the week, as was the case prior to j the rascally act of theft which induced Dr. Schomburgic temporarily to restrict the privilege ' of adrie. This decision will give general { satisfaction, and the public trill wilDusrly comply i with the reasonable condition attached of aiding the Botanic Garden authorities in their efforts , to prevent a repetition of the theft which threatened to have such unpleasant conse quences. They go upon the principle that the detection of a robbery of public property is a [ public duty, and the view they have taken of i the whole affair will be generally appreciated. { 