A NICE STATE OF THINGS. Tiie Government of this country is .now reduced to the finest point. Tho Colonial Secretary is gone ; the Colonial Treasurer is trone : the" Minister for Lands is no moro. No messenger could reach the Governor. He might be taken captive by pirates, or carried off by brigands, whilo visiting distant and dangerous regions. At all evonts, as a Governor for any practical purpose ho is a memory — a person living in the imagination. Slat nominis umbra. Thero is. however, a certain good in this order of affairs. It shows how greatly the world lias changed, and how materially the confidence of tho individuals who compose Governments has increasod in the stability ot society. The business of this Administration may henceforth be conducted in the lump. Affairs may bo parcelled out in considerable lengths. To govern by the month or quarter will be as easy in the administration of a country as in any business affair. Nobody will want tho Governor except at stated periods, and nobody will need to see tho Colonial Secretary, except at the division of time appointed, when he may give out- to tho public a quantum of administrative wisdom. AH that anxiety with which men watch their transactions as a brewer does his vats, every now and then trying tho copper and then the coolers to catch the exact degree ot heat, will be entirely unnecessary in the administration of affairs. As for outbreaks or catastrophos, or foreign enemies, or any of thoso casualties which make a Government necessary, they will no longer exist. We may walk up and down the streets, and see written upon doors— " The Colonial Secretary's Office," " The Office of the Minister for Lands," " The Treasury," : but as to the functionaries represented by theae titles, we shall be told that they aro — nobody knows where. We are struck with the extreme simplicity and admirable freedom of this form of adminis tration. It shows how beautifully the machine of government moves on. The construction of the whole is so fino and so effective that it is quite unnecessary to exercise any viliganeo over its parts. So perfect, for example, is the organisation of our various offices that they want 110 interference. All the persons employed in tho service of tho Government are sure to be at work. If any 0110 were to cast an oyc they would see all in motion, just as an inspection of any great machine in a manufactory would show every bobbin active, and every wheel turning with exact precision. If there were any noise it would not bo the noise of larking, but the whir of machinery. As to any one committing a fraud in a system so constructed, that would be" utterly impossible. Our experience, shows that every thing has been arranged with precision. All the moneys that come into tho official hands find their way, with mathematical accuracy, into the exact box where they ought to be deposited. As to any running away with public property, that is not to be anticipated. The eyes of the Treasurer is upon the machine, and the machine knows this, and does its work. Or if his eye is not on the machine, still his heart is with it. It has been long expected that groat simpli fications would tako place in tho affairs of Go vernment in consequence of modo'rh inven tions. Every movometit of society is brought with more or less completeness under tho range of theso new discovories. This power of giving immediate effect to tho conceptions of the mind, and transmitting, without regard to distance, the operations of thought, is sure to savo inonoy in the end. Wo now see what might be done by a Minister evon in his absence. Tho tendency is to lessen tho num. bor of governing minds ; to collect into ono hand all tho threads ol authority, and to tie thorn into a bundlo, so that thoy may contribute in their junction to their mutual strength. When thoy aro so conuectod, the Minister, if fatigued, can just hook up the extreme end of this bundle to the chair of his office, and leave it there whilo he goes fishing or hunting, or visiting his friends, Government will go on procisely as well, sinco, so long as tho hook holds fast, the wires will not sever. ' It was by a contrivance as ingonious.a great improvement was made in the modern stoam- engine. It required a boy to watch the steam tap to prevent accidents, just ns our officers watch lest thoro should bo some fracture. But the idle lad placed to watch fixed a string sc ,as to enable the tap to do the work for itself, All that wo want is soinothing porfoct to do the same thing for Government, and thon there will be no dangor of tho engino stopping. After all, thoro is something really gratify ing in tho possibility for tho Governor, Prime Minister, Chancellor of tho Exchequer, going off at onco. It shows how Iittlo in -modern life we owe to direct intervention of Govern ment, and how capable society is of taking care of its own affairs. In fact, this is the secret, which has hardly been understood in the view of colonial life as it is displayed in the legislative action and in the conflict of parties. Poople at a distnnce suppose' that the country is always in a state of formoutation, that tho country is roady to talco up arma and figpltf few o principle, and that every man, as he meets iris neighbour, challenges him upon the great controversy of tlio day, and is only kept from doing some desperate bodily harm by tho intervention of the police. Such is tho opinion which prevails at a distanco, whereas all the contention is con centrated within a very narrow circle, and tho agitations of mind are cliiofly produced by the hopes and disappointments of individual ambition. People who aro accustomed to look for themselves, and to manage' their own affairs, will agree more, and more to leavo it an open question whether the flag is or is not on the top of tho Government House, or the Honorable the Colonial Secretary is gone off. — S. M. ITerald. De Gnosxmus non est Disputandum. — The othor day a caso occurred which by a person of timorous or suporstitious temperament would have been set down as of tho genuino supernatural ordor. A young man named John Eggo, groom to Dr. Hayloy of this town tor some timo past, since his master loft the adjoining house, has slopt in ono of the rooms connected with the surgory in Clifford-street in order the more conveniently to attend to niglit-calls. In ono of those rooms thoro is a largo upright case in which a perfect skeloton is suspended ; and at tlm bottom of this caso are two or threo skulls.. .The other night Eggo was awakened by a strange rattling noiso, evi- dently from the consulting-room ; and on get ting up and going there, it was ovidont that this proceeded from' the) case containing tho skeleton. Hero was a nice position for a young man of highly nervous and suporstitious organisation, cut off from the cliauce of sook- ing advice or assistance from abroad. Wore tho prosont writer as imaginative and as full of literary ambition as he was — lot us say a quarter or half a century ago — he would, on hearing tho particulars 01 tuis appalling case, incontinently have abandoned ponny-a-lining once and for ever, and have dovoted himself heart and soul to the composi tion of works of fiction of the Mrs. Radcliffo- cum-Miss Braddon type. " The Doctor's Skele ton " would have made a taking title surely when displayed in all tho blnzonry of yellow paper binding, with a red aud) green illustra tion showing tlio unhappy groom with hair 011 end in course of rapidly turning white. But alas and a-lack-a-day ! 'twas not to bo. And fortunately for himself, Eggo, instead of being of the ghost-soor temperament, is a courageous, matter-of- fact young follow, and, possibly from his having been several yoars with doctors, is free from any superstitious horror of dead men's bones. Still, it was uot altogether without an uneasy feeling that he heard tho noiso increase. " But," as Byron says, "soon philosophy came to his I aid " — Hinting that soul and body on the whole Woro odds against a disoinbodied soul. Whether Eggo repeated these lines to himself I or not is not quite certain ; but what is cortain is that ho mado up his mind not to bo bonten. So ho proceeded at onco to open the mysterious case ; aud then even his nerves were somewhat shaken by seeing the skeleton I oscillating to and fro With a strong and growing motion. But 0 1 most lamo and impotont conclusion, to this as to othor ghost-stories, we're there I but men ofEggo's nerve presont to investigate thom. The innocent causes of the noise and I commotion were — first a mouse, and next Mrs. 9 Waugh's whito cat. The former, in attempt- ing to escape, had, in the most unseemly nnd m irreverent raannor, plunged bodily into ono of jS tho skulls; and tho cat, in tho eagerness of IS pursuit, had thrust in hor paw after lrira ; and 1 not boing ablo to hook him out nor yet to 1 oxtricato hor paw, had in iumpiner about sot -1 tho skeleton swinging. — -Goulburn Ilerald. | Breach op Promise.— Our correspondent at 1 Launccston furnishes ns with an outline of a j case of breach of promise of marriage which j was tried in llobart Town on the 10th instant. j The circumstances were somewhat peculiar. j Tho plaintiff, Ellen Jane Wickins,, aged thirty or thereabouts, sued Richard Hill, whoso ago was variously statod at from seventy to seventy- six, for <£1000 damages, for having promised hor marriage and then having abruptly declined to redeem bis premise. The defendant was a widower, and he sooms to have been able to say with old Adam in the comedy : — "My ago is as a lusty winter, Frosty but kindly." Ho looked with a loving eye upon Miss Wic kins. He. had known her from a child ; and, as ho told hor father. " he thought he should bo very happy with her." In the warmth of his heart and -tho height of the summer, he pre sented hor with a gold watch and chain, which had cost liini twenty guineas ; but " though 011 largess bout, I10 had a frugal mind,'' and when in tho full glow of his ardent affection I10 gave hor a wedding ring, he prudently chose that of his deceased wifo. He did more ; he announced his intention of settling a cosy cottage and £200 a year upon his future bride — " But whispering tongues can poison truth ; And constancy lives in realms nbove." And the septuagenarian lover suddenly jilted Miss Wickins without rhyme or reason. Mrs. Wickins —for there was to have been a mother- in-law — rose to the height of the occasion. She bearded the recalcitrant Hill in his own domestic fortress. " I am her mother," said that lady to the port Susan Nipper who opened the door. ' I am her mother ; and must have an explanation." " Don't come here troubling . me," exclaimed Mr. Hill, and beat a retreat to the first floor. Then the daughter chimed in, and in accents half sorrowful and half reproach ful, murmured, "I suppose you want to break off tlie engagement, Mr. Hill." "Yes," tartly replied the obtrusive Nipper. The door was closed ; mother and daughter wended their way homeward, the latter " in maiden medita tion fancy free." She kept tho watch and chain, sent back the wedding-ring belonging to the deceased Hill, brought an action against tho sprightly old gentleman who had ttifled with her affections, and a jury awarded her £200 damages.— -Australasian. Power on the Press. — Tho Ovens and Murray Advertiser professes to give the fol lowing copy of a lcttor of Power's on tho local Press, whoso description ot his personal ap pearanco seems to have woundod his vanity in 110 small degree : — " It is too bad, altogether too bad. Tho wny I have beon treated is onougli to make a man turn area sneak. Not content with trying to make mo out a pitiful pilferer instead of tho bold dashing highway man T actually, was, some of thoso Beochworth rngs that call themselves nowspapei's aro actually -endeavouring to decry my personal appearance. One pretty scribbler — I wish I iiutl Uioll bliu futlutf ti hw.t wul I. Ll 1. 1. ; L that ho or any of his kidney would bo worth tho sticking-up — has tho audacity to write of mo as a low blackguardly-looking follow, with largo fishy eyes, and pea-soupy comploxion. Now, if thoro is one mattor I am touchy upon it is my personal appearance, and I ain willing to bet the £15 now in the hands of tho Governor, and leavo tho decision to tho Indies of Beochworth, that I am a better looking man than the wholo lot of the im- porters that wore present in court on Mon day, with ono single exception. To one and only ono will I give the palm — an elderly gentleman of rubicund countonahco, whoso bow to an acquaintance in court I have been vainly endouvouriug to copy. Can I but succeod — and I have not given it up in despair — it is my intention to try tho effocts of this courtly saluto 011 the judge at tho Gonoral Sessions, and I feol quite assured that its grace will savo me seven pennorth. Pea-soup, indeed ! a moro ordinary set of humbugs than the newspaper mon of Beech- worth I never clapt eyes on, with the exception of my elderly nnd amiablo friend, whom my hearts warms to as a brothor." A Busn liawyer in Trouble. — Of all dis agreeable people, probably the most oflensivo at times is tho man who has a certain small smattering of law, coupled with a love of dubling in litigation, as a means of displaying what he may imagine to be a vast amount of legal acumen. That such a man " has a fool for a client" has often been proved to a demon stration ; but at the Melbourne City Police Court, on tho 17th instant, another forcible example was added to the already long list. For several hours the court was detained with tho eccentricities of an old man named Slack, complainant in a perjury case, who in spito of the remonstrances of Mr. G. P. Smith, the counsel for the defence, only waxed more bold and imprudent, as each appeal of the counsel served only to draw a mild rebuke from the Bench. But eveiytliing must have an end ; and Mr. Slack's reign of terror came to an end unexpected by him apparently. Tho caso was dismissed ; and a similar charge was called on, when Mr. G. P. Smith submitted , that the case must also be dismissed, the information being the same, and the evidence exactly simi lar to that in the former case. To this Slack replied in a most insulting tone -of voice, " Who are you to ask that the case shall be dismissed without a hearing 1 A fine states man you fire. No wonder that Supple gave it to you." Mr. Smith, under such treatment sought the protection of the court ; nnd Mr. Start, observing that Mr. Slack had not only insulted Mr. Smith, but had persistently been guilty of contempt of court, sentenced hi in to twenty-four hours' imprisonment. This brought Mr. Slack to his senses, and he offered to apologise ; but Mr. Start declined to accept any apology whatever. Mr. Slack has therefore to go to gaol for twenty-four hours, and tins will probably cool his ardour for the law. A Fourth Flood at Wagga Wagga. — The heavy rains of last week have produced their natm-al consequences, and for tho fourth timo within a couple of months, or upon an average of once in a fortnight, tho river lias overflowed its banks and tho town has been inundated.— Express. Printed and published by James John Brown, sole proprietor, at the " Courier" General Printing Office, Rossi-street, Yass, in the Colony of New South IFaZcs. 