STORM IN NEWCASTLE. ———o——— (Abridged from the Pilot.) Early on Sunday morning the rough weather prevailing at this port during the last three or four weeks culminated in the heaviest southerly gale we have experienced for many years ; in fact, old shipmasters have stated that its violence was not exceeded during the terrible period of the wreck of the Cawarra and other vessels in July 1866. The first symptoms of the gale were felt shortly after midnight on Saturday, when the wind blew in light squalls from the south- ward, and was accompanied by heavy showers of rain. Towards daylight the gale increased, and about 9 a.m. on Sunday it was blowing a perfect hurricane, the sea at the same time being fear- fully high, more especially across the entrance to the harbour, where an unbroken line of foam trended into the bight. In the bight also there was a tremendous sea ; and during the flood tide the waves rose to such a height to the North Beach that the surf was carried close to many houses at Stockton. At day- light steps were taken by Captain Allan to have the lifeboat in readiness, so that if her services were required there should be no delay in gett- ing her out. It soon became evident that the precaution was not unnecessary, as about nine o'clock a ketch was signalled from Nobby's. As the vessel came up from the southward she was seen to be the Ino, 40 tons, Captain Harris, from Sydney. A few minutes afterwards the firing of three guns from the hill near Captain Allan's residence gave warning that the lifeboat would be required ; and as the Ino rounded Nobby's as close in as possible the lifeboat was promptly manned by part of the proper crew (the remainder, as we are informed, being absent on other duties) and a number of volunteers. Finding that the current was carrying the schooner slowly but surely in the direction of the Bight, Captain Harris dropped anchor in smooth water, and actually inside the harbour, when the crew were taken of by the lifeboat and landed in safety. At this time it would have been a comparatively easy task to save the Ino, if due effort had been made by any of the tug boats then in harbour : In fact, the danger was considered to be so slight during the flood tide when the Ino remained at anchor, that a propo- sal was made to endeavour to get her in by pass- ing lines on board from whaleboats. It was not however, carried into effect, as it was generally believed a tug boat would have proceeded to her assistance. About an hour after the men had left, the Iso commenced to drift, and in a few minutes after that she was in the breakers, and proceeding slowly in the direction of North Beach ; it is believed that the anchor dragged, as up to the time the ketch grounded she took the seas head on. Before the vessel struck, a number of persons proceeded to the North Beach for the purpose of saving the cargo which consisted principally of thirty tons of flour, con- signed to Messrs. Ireland and Lott, Forbes, and Arnott, of this city. This was effected during Sunday and Monday, the vessel during the latter day being high and dry on the beach. We are informed that the crew also succeeded in obtain- ing possession of their clothes, and everything else of value on board. The effects of the tide in many parts of the harbor was most singular. At Stockton, a re- sident of seventeen years standing, informed us that never within his recollection had it been so high before. So great was the break on the Stockton side that many attempts that were made during Sunday to launch boats of consider- able size were unsuccessful, and in one case a sudden squall capsized a ferry boat and turned it over and over until it was upwards of twenty yards high and dry on the beach. This was about two o'clock p.m., when the crew of the Ino returned from the wreck. We may mention that a party under Mr. Lochhead, who pro- ceeded to Stockton about ten a.m., for the pur- pose of rendering any assistance that might be required, were unable to return until three o'clock the following morning, so heavy was the sea in the harbour. On the beach below the hospital the tide rose to an enormous height. In some places the breakers had broken over the lower fence, and the beach from the ladies' bathing place to the old gaol was covered to a depth of several feet. Clouds of sand from the hills below the old gaol were carried towards the harbour by the gale ; and added considerably to the inconvenience of those engaged near the life-boat shed. During the high tide the sea broke heavily over the northern portion of the old breakwater and thence into the harbour. The casualties among the shipping although nu- merous were not, so far as we have been able to learn, of a serious nature. —————————————— THE STATE OF OUR STREETS. — What do the opponents of corporation think of our streets and thoroughfares now ? Are they not ashamed of themselves ? Are not the principal streets a disgrace to the owners of property ? When the present generation passes away, should the stea- mers and sailing vessels not be anchoring at the Terrara mill, it is to be hoped that the next will be endowed with sufficient spirit for self-govern- ment as to protect their own interests. — Shoal- haven News. THE RAILWAY. — An accident (says the Goul- burn Chronicle) which might have proved of a serious nature occurred at the Goulburn ter- minus on Friday night. The train from Sydney having arrived, the engine as usual proceeded to the turn-table, and having been properly turned was coming back to the station when it ran off the rails at the points. On examination it ap- peared that a stone had been inserted between the rail and the bar which works the points, which were thus prevented from acting ; and this is supposed to have been done intentionally by some malicious person. It was about three hours before the engine could be got on to the rails again. The train for Sydney was delayed about forty minutes, it being necessary to get up steam in the engine intended to have gone on with the following (the mid-day) train. MEAT PRESERVING. — A gentleman just re- turned from Melbourne writes under date of Fri- day last as follows to the proprietor of this jour- nal . — Last week I went over the works of the Meat-Preserving Company at Melbourne, the processes of which your [the Goulburn] company propose to follow. Nothing could be more satis- factory than all I saw and heard. The meat soups are so much esteemed that they are getting into general demand in Melbourne, and I met them at several tables. It is of great importance to the colonies that these first establishments should not be failures ; and I think it is so far proved that if they are so, it is through mis- management. There can be no doubt at all about the possibility of curing cooked meat, the practice has been so long successfully carried on ; but to attain success, at once a competent mana- ger trained to the work at home should be got from Gillen's of Leith, or Moir's Aberdeen. The thing is to be done. Stir up your people to take the proper means. — Goulburn Herald. POWER THE BUSHRANGER, AT BENALLA. — From the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, we take the following information of another sticking-up by the bushranger Power, near Benalla .—Mr. M'Bean was stuck-up by the notorious Power, about two miles from the Kilfera homestead, situate about ten miles from Benalla. The rob- ber deprived Mr. M'Bean of a horse, saddle, and bridle, together with a gold watch, valued at £45. While Mr. M'Bean was out on the run he observed two men in the distance. He rode to- wards them, when Power immediately advanced and ordered him to dismount. Mr. M'Bean, being taken by surprise, hesitated to obey the order, when Power immediately drew a revolver from his belt and threatened to shoot him. M'Bean then dismounted. Power asked if he had any money in his possession, and having been answered in the negative, he said, " You have a watch ; tie it to the mouthpiece of the bridle. " Mr. M'Bean having com- plied with the order, Power took possession of M'Bean's horse, and rode away in the direction of Mr. Hector Norman Simson's dairy station. Powers mate appeared to be a mere youth ; he kept ahead of the bushranger, evidently fearing to be recognized by Mr. M'Bean. The whole of the property taken — including horse, saddle, bridle, and watch — was valued at £72. On Wednesday he committed a second robbery, about 6 o'clock in the evening, on the Benalla road, about nineteen miles from Mansfield, having ing stuck-up Mr. Charles Dickens, of Lima Station, and robbed him of three £1 notes and 5s. in silver. Mr. Dickens was riding to Mans- field from his station, and when, about nineteen miles from the township, a man rode at a gallop out of the bush and crossed him, carrying a re- volver in his left hand. He said, " I am Power, I want your money, " at the same time, present- ing his revolver. Dickens said, " I am a poor man ; " but Power replied, " You don't look like one, but I must have your money as money is hard to be got. " Dickens pulled out his purse and handed it to him, but he told him to throw it on the ground, which he did. Power then dismounted, picked up the purse, and having taken the money returned the purse to its owner. He said, " I have just stuck up M'Bean's ; and there are about one hundred and fifty police after me, " after which he rode off rapidly. Mr. Dickens proceeded on his journey, and soon afterwards met the Mansfield police on their way to the scene of M'Bean's robbery ; but having informed them of what had happened, he turned back with them to the place where he was robbed, and the police hav- ing a black tracker with them, readily picked up his track, and started in pursuit, from which they have not yet returned AN ENORMOUS KANGAROO KILLED.— Mr. Thomas McDonald, of Duramana, killed on Saturday last, on the road at the back of Mount Ranken, about six miles from Bathurst, one of the largest kangaroos that has ever been seen in this district. Mr. McDonald was accompanied, by two dogs, and shortly after being sighted, the " old man " was brought to bay. There was no heavy timber in the immediate vicinity of the spot, so that the veteran of the forest was un- able to obtain any back support in the shape of a large tree, and was placed rather at a disad- vantage when attacked by his canine opponents. it. He defended himself with great obstinacy, however, and it was not until he had been brought to earth twelve times that he " gave up of the ghost. " During the attack, Mr. McDonald stood close at hand with a loaded gun ready to dispatch the kangaroo in the event of either of the dogs being seized ; but owing to the wide- ness with which they both fought, they did not sustain a single scratch. Upon being measured, the animal was found to be over 7 feet in length, and it is estimated that it weighed upwards of 2 cwt. The tail alone, when cut off, measured. 4 feet 3 inches in length, by 24 inches in circum- ference, at the thickest part, and its weight was 24 lbs. — Bathurst Times. The Late Discovery of Diamonds. — Ih our issue of the 5th instant, we gave a brief re port of the discovery by a Mr. Knox of several small diamonds in a locality about twenty miles from Bingera, and stated that Messrs. W. Cohen and Co., of this town had undertaken to send them to Sydney to have their genuineness tested. At the time we stated our belief that the stones would prove to be real diamonds, and the following extract from a letter received by the firm mentioned above, from Messrs. S. Hoff nung and Co., dated March 11th, will show that they were correct in their supposition. The letter states :— ' On receipt of your letter and enclosure of stones, I Bent our Mr. Marks over to Mr. Jones, jeweller — who is supposed to be a very good judge — for his opinion, and he re ports that the white ones are diamonds, and for which he would give 103. per grain, though I dare say if sufficient quantity could be obtained to send to Eugland they might realise more.' The matter is so far set at rest, and since the receipt of the letter the finder (Mr. Knox) has called at this office. He states his conviction that more are to be found where these were dis covered, and he is anxious to form a company to work the ground with the proper appliances. He says that it would be imprudent to set into work- without having one of Mr. Hunt's machines, and he intends to remain about here until he has means to purchase one, and he will proceed to the diamond ground and set to work. In the meantime he . proposes to exhibit the diamonds to those who may be curious on the subject, as will be seen by an announcement in our advertising columns.— Musclebrooh Monitor. Melancholy Series of Disasters at Mitrrumbateman. — On Thursday night last, a barn near the residence of Mr. Harry Callnan, near Murrumbateman, was discovered to be on fire, and before any steps could be taken to ex tinguish the conflagration, or even to save a single bushel of wheat, its whole contents were destroyed. By this sad accident a hundred bushels of wheat were destroyed, being the whole of Callnan's this season's crop. On the following Sunday the pooi fellow, as he was out riding after horses, was thrown against a tree, breaking his arm in three places, causing con cussion to the brain, and otherwise receiving severe injuries. Dr. O'Connor was immediately sent for, but was unable, on arriving, to do more than set the broken arm. Callnan never spoke after the accident, and died yesterday forenoon. —Yass Courier. The Robertson Testimonial,— A crowded meeting of the residents of Mudgee was held at the Town Hall, on Friday evening, G. Walker, Esq., the mayor of the borough, in the chair, for the purpose of taking steps to contribute to the Robertson testimonial. It appears from a report of the proeeedings in the Western Post, that the chairman opened the proceedings by stating that they had met for the purpose of co operating with the central committee in Sydney, to present a substantial testimonial to Mr. Robertson. It was well known that he was politically an opponent of Mr. Robertson, but the present question was not one of politics. (Hear, hear.)— The Hon. G. H. Cox spoke on the subject, not because he was a political be liever in Mr. Robertson, but he believed, at the same time, that that gentleman had done a great deal of good. He firmly believed Mr. Robertson was a man of first-rate abilities — one of the most distinguished men we have had in public life in these colonies. Sir John Young, when leaving New South Wales, remarked to a friend, of all the public men he had had to do with, the most disenterested man he could find waB John Robertson. (Applauses.) This was the greatest praise a man could have — for Sir John Young was a man who waa not given to undue praise ; he was a gentleman of great dis crimination, and one who Had nad a great deal to do with public matters. He had heard some taunts against Mr. Robertson, that when he -egan his speculations he had nothing to lose, and everything to win. Suppose this to be true, it had nothing to do with the present ques tion of doing honour to Mr. Robertson as a public man ; certainly nothing to do with the public subscription. (Hear, hear.) He firmly believed Mr. Robertson, in spite of his misfortunes, retained the confidence of the whole community. On all sides the people seemed to be of one mind. All seemed to be lieve that Mr. Robertson in his political career had been actuated by a thoroughly unselfish mind. He moved that thia meeting consider that the services of Mr. Robertson to this colony deserve some recognition at the hands of the residents of this district. (Loud applause.) — Mr. CaBsin had ? always been a believer in Messrs. Robertson and Cowper. Mr. Robert son's character had been under the ordeal of the cleverest men in the colony. The names of the most illustrious of our statesmen were found in the inquiry list, but he came out, by universal verdict — honest Jack Robertson. Then as to the great and glorious question of free selection. (Cheers ) . The name of John Robertson would be ever associated with the movement. Whatever faults might be found with the issue of the measure, none could be found with its advocate. He begged to second the motion. Mr. Warbur ton and Mr. Tuckerman both supported the motion. Mr. Tebbutt said he did not hold the same political principles as Mr. Robertson, but he could not shut his eyes to the good that had been effected in this quarter by Mr. Robertson, and when he saw a number of gentlemen unite to testify to his worth, it must be taken for granted. He hoped thoBe who could give £2 to the movement would do so, ami that no one would give less than £1. The' mofcioa was put and carried. Mr. Hughson moved that a com mittee *re appoiated, with power to add to their number, to collect subscriptions. ?? There was one remarkable phase, he observed, connected with the present movement* differing from mosfc Buch questions brought before the public, viz., the universal approval it seemed to meet with from every class of the community. In the re port of the great meeting held in Sydney, it was noticeable that men of every shade of political opinion, men of every religious ereed and sect, the high and the low, the rich and the poor, had met together to express their sympathy with Mr. Robertsen in the unfortunate difficulty he had fallen into. Mr. Tuckerman seconded the motion. Mr. J. J. Mills was then appointed treasurer and Mr. Edward Clarke secretary. A subscription list was at once opened, and a num ber of names put down, the Hon. G. H. Cox heading the list. After a vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting adjourned. Attempt to Rob the Commercial Bank. — A few nights ago, says the Shoalhaven Neio*, aome person entered the back premises of the Commercial Bank, and while in the stable struck a match, and was observed holding the lighted mateh up, as if in search of saddles. The strik ing of the match startled two ladies- who in letting down the window, which was up at the time, occosioned a noise, and before Mr. Simp son, who was fortunately at home at the time, could get into the yard, the supposed robber had decamped, but without having or taken any thing away. A pretty shrewd guess has beea made of who the party was, from recent events. 