CAMBlIEROONAi V. ACI.13Al. ob the .tdlitor of the Standard. SIt ,--In silencing one small critic and bringing him to a sense of shame, if not re: pentance, for his prurient scribbling pro pensity, we tare generally considered to have douo an useful service. Any one, however, at all acquainted with the irritable character of the tribe of incipient scribes must of ne cessity have li,'eseen that we should be sub. jecting ourselves to no small amount of abuse and misrepresentation. All this obloquy, however, we were not unwilling to encuuter, from our convictionl of tihe necessity of exposing and correcting i Tronvin su'pirit o1t loose nduet lilppant rithuim LiiII; (i (ib UiJUCOl I uu iiIg eiitOmu iuinoiigst 11s i and which was tendling to vitiate the style of youtng literary aspirants, as well is suibjecting in many instatlces clever amalteur ptlritorimers to unmlerited conitunimely anid reproach, and thus dllllaillg their ardour. In spite of every species of opposition, we shall ever be the sincere friend of rising merit andl sober ad rational amiusementll. Woe are quite ready, too, i'f any fair opporatulnity oc cur, to deul'end it frolii the slieer of the ignllo raint. To this end we had succeeded in silencing one " Ackbar," and had hopedt that our satiricnl lash imightll be laid asile for a time, when lo! up springs Ackbar's ghost, yclept, for the lnotice, L" Ir. Ph'bus;" and, with au insignificant tlash in the pan, levels at is his inoodlo artillery. Now, Sir', as eagles do nlot descend to the ignomllious game ol'catching flies, so we shall nlot descemnd to an altercation witl this carp ilg T'heon. Nor do we intenld td"waste manly minulltes over him or his absurd effusion, which denotes him to have but a very small modicumI of either sense, judgmenat, or wit. WVith the utmlost indlulgence, we have on tleavoured to find if there were any interstice through which evel a twinkle could find its way, but in vain. Divest it of its plagiarisms fromt us-garbled, however, by himn in their application--the production is an inextricable perplexity-a vo.r et preteria nihil, or the tale of all idliot, full of sound and fury, signi fying nothing. T' particularise the incongruities of this 'Phmbus " would be to enact the part of the pedant in lierloles, who produced a brick as a specimlen of certain ilcehitecture. But to romiark the utter folly of his ipurpose; his maudlin sentiment; his mi?ish diction; iind his confusion of ideas, were to waste criticismn uploi unresistiiig imbecility, upon ftults too evidenlt for detection, and too gross for ag gravation. To eollist such a literary fribble as an ad versary would be to imlitatie camas, who drew his sword in the iunfernal regions to encounter phantoms which could not be wounded. his impertinent presuumption in obtruding himself before us brings to our romemnbrance the prodigy in Macfelth "A falcon tow'ring in his pride of place Wits by a mousing owil thawk'd at--not kill'd." I alnm, &?., CAMii EROONA. P.S.-h-enceforth we shall not consider it incomnbeu t on us to take notice of. theo silly invectives of any simplletolt who may write in your Lpapor in rof'reulce to us. C. 