Miscellaneous. Thihos as good as theib bettbbi.—Dirty Water to quench a fire, an ugly wife to a blind man, and a wooden sword in the bends of a coward. Vegetables are now being forwarded to Sydney from the G-oulburn district by train, and is reported to pay the speculators. A new journal has been started at Braidwood, under the title of tho Braidwood Liberal. Htckeu and Cars fair for the late prize fight at Sydney, have been bound over to keep the peace. According to the weather prophet, " Saxbr,'" the rains will continue for a week longer. A large wine firm at Geelong has stopped payment; liabilities, £50 000. The brig, Ben Nevis foundered at Queenscliffe, Melbourne. Orew saved. A young mat; named Motloclc was drowned while attempting to cross the Murrumbidgeo River. Mrs. Caldwell, tho mother of seven children, was drowned in tbe M'Laughlin. Her body has uot yet been found. A waterman named Grindstone in Hobart Town, has fallen into a fortune of £80,000. The English Probate Court havo decided iu hi? favor. IN tho 300 yards race, between Harris and Hewitt, the stakes already deposited £70 has been forfieted by the English runnpr The remains of William Scott, drowned by attempting to crots the Charley&ng; have been found. The Great Britain steamship has arrived nt Melbourne, with 070 passengers. JameB "Wakefield, for the murder of "•Harry " at Cugen, laying under sentence of death in tho Baihurst gaol, has had his sentence commuted to imprisonment for life, tho three first years in irons, and to be forwarded to Berrima gaol. Thomas Hodgson Thompson has been arrested on a charge of being illegally at large. It appears that there has been some legal blunder in his discharge, and (he authorities advertised in thb Government Gazc/lc authorising his arrest. He has since been remanded to Berrima gaol. Messrs. lilundell and Dolman have ceased to be part proprietors of the " Freeman's Journal," Mr. Thos. Butler becoming proprietor. The Volunteer Review has been postponed to the II th of June in consequence of the wet weather. Toplev beat Charles Single, an amateur, in a wali'ing aiaich for £50. A Melbourne paper says :—T)ie seutcnce of death paused upon the Cfflnaman, Ah Pew, for Hie Glenluce murder, in Victoria, has been confirmed by the Executive Council, and the law will take its course. A movement is being made in Sydney for (he establishment of a " porter and shoe-black brigade. Thb following extracts from the rules will servo to explain, in some measure, the system on which it is is proposed to work :—" The brigade to a-scinble in the morning to receive uniforms, which are 1O be returned at staled tunes daily, and then to proceed to stations- .Siatijiis to bo classified, and appointments to be made thereto according to merit. Sixpence to bo returned to each boy out of his day's earnings ; onethird of the remainder to be paid to him weekly , one- third to be paid to bis credit in tho 'boy's baijk * x>f the brigade; the remaining third (o be retained, by the conim : tteo to meet expenses. Boys" to' attend tho brigade evening scLool, and a Sunday school." The Floods Relief Committee of Melbourne havo forwarded £'1000 to W. R Piddingti'ii, Esq., M.L.A , ior the sufferers in this colcy. A man named James Hutchinson, was thrown against a tree near Armidale, last Wednesday week, and waB killed on the spot, Tho Governor's Ball in honor of the Queen's Birth Hay, has been postponed, in conseqaenc of the recent accouchemeut of the Countess of 3elmore. A report has been current in Kempsey during the past" week that, ihe ghost of an old woman has been seen on two or three occasions lately, at a place known as Darby's selection, situated a short distance from (his town. A young man named Francis M'Carthy, and another man, all state, we believe, that they have seen the ghost—an old woman, tall, lean, and haggard. It was seen, it is stated, on three consecutive nights, and approached the men, uttering the most piercing and unearthly Ehrieks. Report says that some years ago an old couple lived a very unhappy life in that locality, and the woman ultimately died ic a most wretched condition. Whether her death was hastened is not known, nor does it transpire that any questions were put to the apparition by those who Bay they saw it.— Macleay Herald. It is stated by a gentleman (says the Braidwood Liberal) who came up the Araluen mountain on Friday last that he felt a slight shock of earthquake, and noticed portions of the mountain bearing tbe appearance of having been blown up. A great number of landslips have taken place in that locality, which he believes were produced more by combustion than the rain A circumstance of a suspicious nature is reported from Melbourne. A contractor named Hagenson states that about eight o'clock on the morning of the 3rd instant be saw a man and woman going pant tbe morgue in the direction oif the wharf. An hour afterwards he saw the man returning alone, with bis clotbeB wet up to the waist, and his face marked as if by finger nails. A ferryman named Thomas Waugh states that he took a man and woman across the river about ibe time mentioned, and that the man returned in an bour witb his face scratched a&d; hiB clothes very wet. > A shoe-maker in George-street, singleton (tbe Times relates), while' engaged at his trade, accidentally cot the fleshy part of bis thumb open, making a frightful gash, tbe boae being laid quite bare. With a presence of mind, and a degree of courage which must hare been " screwed to the sticking-point," he quickly threaded tbe bristle witb a rosin-end, sod sewed up tbe wound, and, like every sou nf Crispin, believing that " there is nothing like leather," he bandaged up the wounded thumb with a piece of sheepskin and rosin, and under this rough treatment the wound has completely closed and tbe pain ceased. 