"T WEi.DNO OAST .inou. ,In America tho process of welding cast iron is largely practiced A correspondent of the ' Now York Tribune' who had seen tho opera tion performed in a largo iron foundry at 15uf- . fain,' describes the method us follows : — One of the rollers of a mill that innkes bar iron weighs from scrcn ,tn ten tons, and yet theso often .break, gencrnlly by twi&ting; otr ono of the journals. The fitraiu in making a railway bar is enormou3. The foreman of tho Buffalo Iron .Works has undertaken to repair such damages, nnd lias met with perfect success; and can now, by tho same method, mend almost any other cast-iron article great or small. A hole even melted through tlic bottom of an enormous pntusli kcttlo lie stops with ease. I wont to see a largo roller mended. About ten inches of tho end ijraa broken off, ond that replaced by new metal welded to tho cold iron. The shaft is set up on end, if convenient to do so, or else tho hroke'o end is raised so as to form a mould for tlio new part around it, and in such a way tho iron may bo poured in a steady stream ujjon tho broken end, and run out through a holo iuto a ladle. By this con tinual pouring for a short timo tho cold iron fs not only hented, but actually fused. When sufficiently so the discharge hole is plugged, tho mould filled, and when cold tho weld is found to be perfect, ft has never ouce failed. Tho' "only 'approach to it was n second break about two inches frrm tho weld, which theowncrs of tho roller thought duo to woakening the iron by fusing. The mender thought it duo to an original dcftct. The roller whioh I saw, when cold, before it went to tho lathe, appeared as perfect as any now ono. This discovery is ono of great importance, not only for mending heavy castings, but also for repairing small ones, expensively finished. I was told an onccdoto illustrative) of tho valuo of this new process of iron-working. A steamboat captain enmc into tho shop in a slato of great pertur- lution. Ho had broken his main shaft just as ho was ready to start out with full freight and passengers. lie thought himself nearly ruined, and enquired earnestly when ho could havo n now shaft. " In a week, or perhaps les?, if wo have good luck in casting.'1 /' Good Heaven 1 Wliot t-liall I do? My vessel is ready to sail. I shall loso nil my passengers. It will bo 100.0 dollars damage. " Whero is your shaft broken?" ' Ono journal is twisted off!" "OM is that all? Go and get it out and up hero immediately, and I will mend it. I will weld on n piece." '? Don't jnko with mo. It is too serious. You know tho shaft is cast- iron." " Yes, I know it, and am not jokibg. Doso no timo ; do as 1 tell you, and you 6hall havo your shaft repaired and aboard ready to sail to-morrow fciorhing. We will do it while you and your pasengors nro asleep. Go nud tell them so." Tho captain was astounded. |lc did not sleep, but his passengers' did, und wero rendy to belicvo in miracles when they wero awakened next morning by tho engine and tho captain's voico singing out, " All right — cast off." Ho had learned how to weld oast- it up. Strange Accident at a Funeral. — A curious accident occurred at Philadelphia on a Sundoy. At tho boose of a woman named Fanny Bishop a number of people hnd as sembled' to attend the funeral of a child. Around tho corpse, which was lying in tho lower or first story room, tho mourning rela tives nnd friendo wero gathered listening to tho exhortation of a minister, when suddenly tho entire ficor gave way and eorricd with it into tho crllnr nil the people and furniture that hnd been standing ripon it. Tho body of the deceased child went down along with the living, the corpse falling among ono portion of tho debris und tho coffin into another part. With tho frightened persons shrieking for help and endenvouriug to release themselves, tho scene was most exciting and painful. A few moments, however, brought tho unfortu nate mourners from their unpleasant position About twenty persons, men, women, nnd children wero thrown violently together among tho debris, and their escnpo without very serinqs injuries was most remarkable. Several of tho women, when taken out of the collar, wero found to bo considerably bruised, nono of litem Forioufly, excepting ono who was struck violently in tho 6idc by some heavy ortidlo. After considerablo difficulty, the corpso was brought out of tho wrecked houso in an on- harmed condition. Tho negroes at first seemed to havo a superstitious horror which prevented them from removing it from whero it fell — 'Philadelphia Age.! Important to Miners. — A meeting of practical miners wa9 recently held at the Ex- clmngo Ilotel, Bridge-street. Mr. Richard Baker ocoupicd tho chair, in tho nbscnco through illness of Air. William Robinson, Secretory to tho Accidental Fund of the Great Northern Junction Company. Tho object of the meeting was to organise qn association for the protection of tho general 'interests of tho working raiucr, and ultimately tho amal gamation of the various accident funds A provisional cotnnutteo was appointed to draft rules embodying tho views of tho meeting. Mr. J. A Power wos appointed secretary ' pro tcm.' The objeots of the association aro briefly : — Tho prevention of mining accidents; pro curing proper ventilation of mines and pro viding means of escnpo by ladder roads to mnin shafts; strict observance of Sunday as a right, as also Christmas Day and Good Friday; payment of wages on Fridays; tho passing of a bill through Parliament giving tho miuer n prior claim for wages as against nil other orcditors. A sum of £16 was taken in shil ling subscriptions — ' Miner/ A Ghost Story. — "For several days past," writes tbo ' Bondigo Independent/ " a number of persons in Goldcn-squaro have been greatly oxcitcd at henring tbat a well-known grocer in that neighbourhood had sworn that his houso was haunted; and that on more than one occasion, in tho dead of night, ho had soon a mysterious unknown creature sitting at his fireside, after ho and tbo other inmates had retired to rest. According to tho story, one night this week, a few minutes after getting iuto bed, bo was startled by sceiog a tcrriblo apparition poss cross tho room, and vanish in an instant ; and >n going into tho back room woe still further alarmed at seeing tho form of a woman arrayed in white sitting before tho fire, which, on hia approach, instantly disappeared, causing 'each particular hair to stand on cud/ and eoch par ticular leg to mako tracks." A Yasker Notion.—1 There in no foundation for the i statement thai an Enplish gentleman vi«iti»g it NUgAra cast bis aye over tlio Kail unit lin bei-n uiletiiig fr«tu CatutAcl evrr ninco. Tho r. mour iruse fioQt the f..ct that «hen the gigantic inncs of teikccntling fluid felt upon Irs gaae it rather u.ade is o)0 water. 