A TRANCE I , -. ("A Soul's Parting," in All the Year Sound J At length one evening Charles was aroused from di' leg by a noise in his room. On looking round he found that the sound same from Sour Therese, wth" was weeping violently. Then the truth at once flashed! on him that Clara was dead. Yes ; why hide. it from him Her spirit, while be slept unconscious of his loss, had died away like a sweet strain of music. The night was far advanced when Charles Temple awoke from the uneasy sleep into which, notwithstanding his passion of grief, or rather because of it, physical weakness made him fall. He had been * dreaming that he wandered with his pretty wife 'in, the deep Devonshire lane where first he wooed her. He thought he had given her a white rose from his breast. She took it; but as she was about 11 place it in her dress a drop of blood from her heart suddenly fell upon the snowy petals; at which,lie started and awoke with that sort of vague nerve Lv ness in' his mind which not unusually haunts ever healthy people for a few minutes after awaking from a disturbed dream. Hardly knowing what he ex> nected to see, he glanced timidly round. Your rivers had left the room, as it was her custom to day when Her patient slept; and he could distinguish the sound of her regular heavy breathing as she slum-' 1 bered in the next apartment. The candle which stood on a distant table flickered fitfully as though fanned by an now visible shroud fluttering somewhere near it in the air. In its wavering light dark shadows crept , about the corners of the room, like the black robes , of dead Sisters of Charity, who had returned to visit the scene of their labours during life. Outside the wind rise and fell in long measured sighs and a few raindrops, which came down at intervals, pattered against the window like fingers of shivering ghosts who were there tapping for admission. A strange sad fancy now seized Charles, a fancy which, considering the natural cast of the young poet's met the delirium from which his brain had ( (| so lately recovered, and his bodily weakness might well be accounted for. He assured himself that Clara t spirit was about to visit him. ... A clock in the town struck the quarter, and then began its chimes to play a tune, but suddenly stopped in the middle, as though it were terrified at the sound of its own voice in the silence of the night. Clara, Clam, where are you?" he murmured in his great trouble of' mind. The words had hardly left his lips when a low sigh sounded through the room. He started. Did that sigh come through the air from near, or was it breathed close to him And now there appeared upon the crimson fringe of the bed, curtains, which was slowly drawn back, a little transparent white hand. Then a faint cry burst from Charles Temple, and a tremor ran through his frame. It was arrayed in shimmering white, and the form was so light that it might have been wafted to him on the midnight breeze. The face, in place of the bright changeful complexion, showed the ashy grey pallor of death, and though the cheeks which had been round and dimpled, were hollow] and sunk, the face was the same face that he had loved so well. There was no more sparkle of life in the eyes which were turned upon him with a fixed mournful gaze, and lit with a strange unearthly lustre. On the colourless lips there rested a faint smile as of a moonbeam falling on a' field of snow-. That smile was the most ghastly thing in the whole , apparition. It was as though the brilliant smiles that used to flash on him the warm sunshine of r mirth and love were reflected by unnatural light in some distorting mirror. For two or three minutes Charles gazed at the phantom in silence. A great away. an unutterable sadness, was upon him sadness not unmixed with a vague melancholy pleasure at the proof given, by this visit of her spirit to him after death, of her undying love. At length he spoke 1 in a soft whisper, for he had feared that the sound of his voice would break the spell in which he lay. «? My" wife, irjy'love," he said, as you are then come to take a last leave of me, to tell me that I am still dear to you." a "I was just, now with the angels but they have let me come to you again," replied low Voice that was like the voice of the oldClaruheardfrom afar. " You love me still, Charles'" "Love you, my heart's first and last darling," he rejoined in tones dulled by the strong pressure of his emotion. " There are many ¡ spirits 'here who watch you, although I have been away. The room is full of them," said the same low, ( sweet voice. He shuddered, as well a mortal man ' might shudder to hear one of the novices of heaven 'tell what she saw with her faculties. '* Hark ! " the voice went on, while a transparent j hand was raised, the spirits talk together; But there is a bright light ' around me The angel again takes my hand. Let me . kiss you once more upon earth, my Charles." Then the spectre bent down slowly, towards him 6 but at; that moment a great fear, overpowering his weakened faculties. of body and mind, came upon Charles , Temple, and he fainted. Sour Therese overslept herself that morning, so that the sun was up before her, and was throwing a chain of gold through the half-drawn window curtains on the door of her patient's room as she entered it. When she looked towards the bed she' crossed herself and called on the Virgin.' ^ Beside Charges Temple there lay another, form. As soon as she had somewhat recovered herself, and was able to examine more closely, value i Therese found that it was the dead body of his wife. She was lying with her arms around Temple, who was completely insensible,' with her head resting on his breast. Many were the stones to which this strange circumstance gave rise among the ; good sisters, who fully believed, and indeed still say, that Miss body of the heretic lady was carried at mid- night by the Evil One to the apartment of her heretic husband. Dr.' Bernardine found; however, more realistic way- of accounting for the marvel. Wnea the Sister who watched beside Mrs. Temple behaves Statters died, she had really sunk into a deep trance like sleep. To save himself unnecessary pass, the doctor had not visited the supposed corpse at his favourite." Had he done so, he perhaps would have discovered the mistake. Clara had awakened from her trance u in a delirious state, and the passing strength given by fever had enabled her to rise, her lover for Charles being the one' remaining note of, harmony amid the discords of the poor get s brain, she had gone straight into his room, which was " not far from her own; She entered the' room'" was, Charles slept, and seated herself behind the at of his bed, as she used to when nursing him. Q. he called for her she had risen, and made here, i , ., visible to' him Her 'mind during her illness hat 2 A keen dwelling so much on death and eternity that w was little wonder if her wandering talk was of angels and spirits. The ephemeral strength of fever nan soon gives way ; the dazzling light which often pre- cedes fainting had come before, her eyes, She was sunk upon her already unconscious husband; follow,, her wasted arms around him, and nestling her poor ( , little head against the dear-'familiar.hreast.''No ata had been at hand to keep the flickering spark of Uto . . alight within her and so she passed away, to be, in truth, one of the angels. 