BALLARATSHIRE COUNCIL. Monday, 18 th July. Absent—Cr Murray. Correspondence.—From the manager of the National Bank of Australasia, advising the payment of order on paymaster for £2550 (being first instalment of govern ment endowment for 1870). From the Assistant- Commissioner of Roads and Bridges, notifying that the Commissioner of Railways and Roads had sus pended the issue of further Orders in Council for the construction of main roads until the Appropriation Act of the session had been passed. From the same, .relative to the adjustment of the boundary of the Bungaree road district, so that it might coincide with that of this shire on the line of the main Creswick road; and inviting the council’s attention to the • Government Gazette of the 15th instant,-in which it would be found that in re-defining the boundary of that road district, so as to include an extension of its north-eastern boundary, the line of the western boun dary has been corrected. From the Office of' Lands 'and Survey, with reference to this council’s applica tion for portion of the vote in aid of fencing and' im proving the public park and gardens.during 1870, stating ' that before such. application could he enter tained vouchers mustbefurnished'Bhowing hbw money already allotted for the fencing and improvement of the reserve mentioned had Been expended—Re ferred to the park committee.- From the secretary Grenvilleshire Council, forwarding a cheque for £Bl 11s Bd, being the proportion of the rent for the month of July for the Cattleyards toll-gate, payable to this council From the same, stating'that a letter had been reeeived by. this council’from the lessee of the Cattleyards' toll-gate,, intimating that in "consequence of the law in reference to the exemption of toll having been altered since his lease was entered into, whereby the receipts of the .toll-gate would be materially reduced, he had requested to be released of his contract, or be allowed a reduction of the rent for the unexpired portion of the lease.—The council of Grenvilleshire, in view of the action now taken by the local bodies, in this district for the amendment of the clause referred to, had postponed the consideration of Mr Fanning’s application until a future meeting. But; as the lessee had offered to retain the gate until the end of the year, on being allowed a. reduc tion: of £B4 3s - - 4s for the six months from the Ist July to the 31st : De cember, the council had promised to allow him a proportionate sum on each month’s rent that may be paid pending the settlement of the ques tion. This council was therefore requested to assent to the temporary arrangement, and also to authorise the Grenvilleshire Council to finally deal with the matter.—lt was resolved that this council do consent to the arrangement. From Ballanshire (a circular), intimating that that council had made application to. the Law Department to get the Dog Act amended,- so as to provide a penalty for the infringement of section 10, or for section 12 to be so altered as to make it ap plicable to all dogs," whether in a public place or- not. —Resolved—“That this council gives support to the application,” ;an amendment having been moved by Cr M'lntosh, that the present act was sufficiently stringent, which was, however, lost. From the ’Dun garee Road District Board; requesting this council to adjust the scale of tolls in force on the Turf toll-gate, on the Ballarat to Creswick main road, so as to assimi late with those to be collected at the toll-gate on the Dead Horse road, about to be erected by that board. Cr M'lntosh thought that it was a most strange letter from such a body to ask this council to assimilate its charges to theirs, when they do not even send the scale of charges. Cr Baird moved, seconded by Cr Robertson—“ That the board bo informed that it is ' not the intention of this council to alter its scale of charges at present.” From Thomas Axford, inspector of slaughter-yards for this shire, in compliance with a request from this coun cil that he should submit the terms upon which he would carry on or consent to terminate his present agreement as inspector of thi3 Bhire. The writer stated that the tender made by him for the office was based upon the then existing state of fee3 and the re turns of what had been collected under that scale of fees. He accepted the office and was bound by a deed to perform the duties as such inspector for 12 months at the rates of commission on the above-mentioned scale of fees. This agreement commenced the 14th February last, at the end of the boiling-down season; since which period there had been so little slaughter ing that the per-centage on the fees collected barely covered his travelling expenses. Of course he had calculated upon the produce of the entire year’B work to compensate him for that portion of the year which was not remunerative. The long and wet winter months, and the great distances he had to travel in the council’s service rendered his expenses very heavy. Having accepted the office he could not look for any other appointment, and. had lost other ■ and more profitable employment. After further remarks, in whioh he claimed compensation, the writer offered to continue to perform the duties of inspector at the commission prescribed’ in his .agreement with the council, or to accept a fixed salary of £3OO a-year. If it was preferred to terminate the contract he would consent to .do so upon receiving £2OO in cash.—Cr Baird was of opinion that the letter. be not noticed, and that it was a direct insult to the council. Cr Gilchrist suggested that Mr Axford apply to the Go vernment for compensation for the losses he has suffered by the sweeping changes made by the Govern ment in the Abattoirs Statute. Cr M'lntosh contended that the matter entirely rested with the wording of Mr Axford’s agreement. with the council. He consi dered that he had not a ghost of a chance for compen sation; and about as much against this council, if the agreement was to pay him a percentage on the cattle slaughtered within the shire. Cr M'lntosh moved —“ That the letter be referred to a committee, con sisting of the : pres’dent, Cr Gilchrist, and the mover.” Seconded by Cr Vallance, and carried. From Martin Fanning, lessee of the Telegraph toll gate, stating that as the council was going to have the toll fence in connection with the gate repaired, he suggested that the fence be removed and erected in a line from the Industrial fence to the toll-house, and to use three raila, instead of two as at present. By doing so he was opinion that only about half its pre sent fence would be required. He was willing to pay £2 towards the cost of doing the same.—Referred to the president and councillors of the south riding. . From William Coghill and others, calling the council’s attention to a number of dangerous stumps on the road leading from Mount Cavern past the property of Mr T. Garvie, Mr F. Edwards, Mr W. Coghill, and others. Several ’ accidents had already occurred through travelling the road after dark, and the coun cil was respectfully requested to remove the stumps.—Referred to the councillors of the east riding for their action if necessary. From C. Proctor, lessee of Cowan’s road toll-gate, drawing the council’s attention to the bad state of re-. pair of the house at that gate.—Referred to the en gineer with the view to repair. From James Perry, bringing under, the council’s notice the unjust man ner in which he had been discharged from its employ ment by the engineer. He had been a surfaceman to the council for inanya year, and no fault had been found with him, for he had done his work honestly, and had justly earned his wages; but because he wrote a letter to the Star complaining of the injury done to him by Neil M'Neil, road-contractor, making false statements to the engineer regarding himself, he had been discharged at a week’s notice.—Moved by Cr Gilchrist, seconded by Cr M'lntosh, and carried— “ That James Perry be informed that the shire engineer has full power to employ and dis miss all surfacemen at all times.” Cr Val lance objected to the motion, being of opinion that the man Perry should be heard, both in justice to himself and the engineer. He was accordingly told that he would be heard at the proper time. From Thomas Henderson, requesting the council’s permis sion to grub and clear the trees on a portion of the Smythesdale and Burrumbeet road, between allot ments 5 and 4, section 15, and 4 and 6, section 19, parish of Windermere. He would undertake to fill in all the holes caused by grubbing the same.—The request was complied with, subject to the supervision of the engineer. From the manager of common tolls, enclosing cheques for £21218s lid and £15155, being proportion of toll rents for past month due to this shire. From the same, advising that Wm. O’Flanagan had only paid £23 of the £43 for the current month's rent of the Springs toll-gate. The £23 was only paid in on the sth of this month, instead of the 30th ult., and the previous month’s rent was only , paid on the 4th partially, and latterly made up. From Timothy Ryan, requesting the council to take Cleaver’s gate off his hands at the end of the present month. Engineer’s Report.—Requirements of improvements as brought before the-council by different parties in terested had been preliminarily enquired into by the engineer, and he begged now to report :as follows:: In the west riding—l. On the road to the Learmonth Cemetery and on Purcell’s road, arrangements had been made with Mr William Stewart for the cutting and clearing out of drains, making up embankment, and filling-up holes and water-courses to a considerable extent; also to supply and set a box culvert 30 feet long for the sum of £l5l 2. The contractor making the piece of metalled road near the Falcon hotel, and Edwards having now pretty nearly completed the work that kept him very busy for some time back, the engineer, would instruct him to join the new metal with the old over the culvert in that as pre viously desired' by the councillors of the riding. 3. On the boundary road between the west and the south riding, near Mr G. Findlay’s, the improvement ap plied for consisted of 40 chains of drains, which, not requiring to be of large dimensions, might ■ cost not above £2O. . 4. Near Cavanagh’s, east of the Weather board Mill, anew drain had been cut, as desired by the applicant, and the old culvert well cleaned ■out by Mr William. Casey, contractor, at an expense of £3 16s. If the’ offlet drain inside Mr- Ryan’s; paddock was now cleared, out and deepened, this locality would be fairly drained. In the east riding—s. The lowering of the banks of the Coghill’s'Creek, near Mrs Galt’s, would'entail about 10 chains : of cutting and metalling, costing about £lOO, so as to reduce the gradients efficiently, the stuff from the cuttings to be used to widen out the old embankments. By a further outlay of Borne £25 to £3O. the bridge could be raised about two feet when the gradients of the road would bo rendered unexceptionable; ’ fine weather would, however, be in dispensable in this locality. 6. A proper crossing over the Creswick Creek, near M'Mahon’s, could only be made by the construction of a bridge of some 3 or 4 spans of 20 feet opening each, 2 large culverts, and the cutting, embanking, and metalling of about 20 chains of roadway, at an approximate expenditure of not less than £5OO to £6OO, the work to beunder \- taken during fine weather.: This work not being likely to be proceeded with immediately, the engineer fell back upon Shoemack’s bridge, ■ and arranged with Mr Shoemack to put this structure into and keep it in proper repair, open to the public traffic, for the sum of, £5. The .engineer further instructed A. M'Leod, a resident close !by, to cut ten chains of drains and'fill in holos and very dangerous gutters on the approaches 'to ,Shoemack’s. bridge, for further £5. ’ This would; render the road in question passable for some time to •conie./ iThcimembnal referring to this locality also mentioned a : bad -’creek near Dgilvie’s and Dougall’s comer, which would require a culvert and about two chains of metalled road,! at a cost of-say £5O. 7. The locality desired to be improved .by Mr Morgan, and others is the swampy place on- the road from Git’s and M'Kay’s to. Cowan’s road toll-gate, extending for about fifteen or twenty • chains, and could be quartz-metalled from ;the Great Northern Junction claim at ■ a , very reasonable ex pense. The traffic to and from the Suburban claim makes use of this road. 8. To meet the requests of Messrs Graham and Leech, if would necessitate the construction of a culvert, two chains of metalling over it, and the cutting of about six chains of drains from the south-west comer of, the Racecourse into the Miners’ Rest swamp, but would also require the stop ping up of the old culvert now crossing the road near that comer in an east and west direction. The drain to be cut would, however, as long as there are no fences, be somewhat dangerous in- the night; cost, about £4O. 9. With regard to Mr Trewin’a letter, asking for a road from his property, at Coghill’s Creek, on to the main Amherst road.—The engineer had seen the government district-surveyor, who would instruct the Crown lands bailiff to report in the matter, with a view of haying the reserve in question divided into allotments, and in doing so to provide a road for Mr Trewin’s property. 10. Alluding to the applica tions of Messrs Glasheen and Mount, the one for an approach to his property. It must be stated that it had hitherto been the uniform practice with the council not to make approaches for the exclusive use and benefit of private property, nor cut drains for such purpose. The drain required by Mr Mount in no' way. would benefit the road, being on the lowor side.—-The report was received, and the works entered upon and referred to in the report sanctioned by the council. _ Secretary’s Report.—l. That the court for the re vision of the voters’ rolls was held on . the 14th inst., when thenameof Ann Cologan was added to the list of the south, riding, in lieu of Thomas Cologan, de ceased. 2. Annual elections—Before next meeting of the councilit would be necessary to insert tho ' usual election notices calling for candidates for the throe ridings of the shire, Crs Baird, Murray, and Kopke re tiring by rotation. The secretary therefore requested the council to appoint retuming-officers for the re spective ridings. The secretary’s report was received, and it was resolved that the president, Crs Powell and Yallance be appointed retuming-officers for their respective ridings. Treasurer’s Financial Statement.—Bank overdraft, £2373 Os 4d; receipts since last meeting, £3050 10s 9d. Report of Finance Committee on Life Member ship to Ballarat Institutions.—Tho committee recom mended that all Ballarat institutions, towards which this council gave a donation, be respectfully requested to nominate the president of the shire a life member. —The report was adopted. Report of Councillors of the East Riding re ex change of Road.—The committee reported, relative to the application of Mr Francis Edwards for an ex change of road, that, in their opinion no direct benefit would accrue to the council by the exchange in ques tion, and could not, therefore, recommend any expen diture thereon. The committee, however, would stato that if Mr Edwards agreed to pay all expenses connected with the exchange they would not object to the necessary steps being taken to have his request carried into effect.—The report was received. Deputation.—Cr Gilchrist introduced Mr Brewster as a deputation, who waited on the council with the view of certain repairs and improvements on the road between his properly and that of Mir Ross, situate in Learmonth.—Referred to the councillors of the west riding. Orders jof the Day.—l. To consider and order.upon the granting or otherwise of a Bum of money in aid of the Ballarat Railway League.—Discharged. 11. To consider and order upon the alienation or otherwise of the road applied for by Mr Munro.—The alienation was sanctioned. 111. That application be made to the Board of Land and Works to ascertain if by the recommendation of the council any useless roads within this shire can be exchanged for stone quarries. —Referred to the president, Crs Gilchrist and Kopke, for their report. IV. That the engineer be authorised to obtain 200 cubic yards of extra metal (more or less) for the main Amherst and Avoca toll-road.—Cr Gilchrist moved, seconded by Cr Baird, and carried— “ That the 4th order of the day be confirmed, and the expense borne as follows:—One-half by the east riding, and the remaining half by the south and west ridings.”. Finance.—The following accounts were ordered to be paid:—Surface labor, £35 ss; contracts—Charles Salter, No. 238, £8 2s; George Graham, jun., No. 201, £43 14s 4d; extra on do, £l9 13s 9d; John Murray, .No. 206,£7; W. Casey, No. 220, £l9 10s; extra on do, £5 12s; Geo. Graham, jun., No. 229, £219; Joseph Hodgson, No. 241, £23 10s; Geo. Buckley, No. 233, £2 4s; Kinkead and Brereton, No. 236, £100; Geo. Graham, jun., No. 201, £39; John Mur ray, No. 206, £77; William Casey, No. 220, £8; Joseph Hodgson, £2; Geo. Buckley, No. 233, £7; total, £616 lls Id. The council then went into committee with regard to the tolls. Great News from Barossa. —The South Australian Advertiser of the 13 th instant, sayß:—“ The following information, which we believe to be perfectly reliable,, has just come to hand respecting anew discovery at the Barossa diggings:—Great news here. We have made the finest discovery since the field has been opened. Mr Clements’ party have discovered a cement hill in Green Gully, near the crushing machines, which has yielded a prospect to-day of 5 dwt to little more than half a bucket, equal to 10 oz per ton. There is a large extent of similar country adjacent to that This pro mises to be a most valuable discovery. The excite ment on the diggings is tremendous. I suppose there must have been 400 men to see the prospect taken, and there are hundreds of claims pegged out. From all I have seen of it I think that Barossa will be greater in three months than it has ever been.” 