A CEETArN gentleman in the dist^ct, eddreBfibd bluibelf pbradtiftlly'a few days since to! flrpjitopristjMoftl'^jO'ii'nBl, anu intimated mtbw Ire'tolcaMy tban presumptously, " if jre edrocated tb'e Vemoval of the grievances ' oT Uw ^Wt^ict, should be doing some gootl.*V ;"W© pretty , well understand the jDBfeanuigoftheitiueQdo, aud maintain that already: done, some good service ithougb the good effected through our aid, is ^tftdrtahately of that k ; .nd whic'i does not «ppear to be desired b; the said gentleman ortboBfl wko court assistance from bis very \- t^iMliwIitairiBi' •:.• "' We ask the baid gentleman and his trljaiida, fF ST was Dot a grievance for a .. jOp^Brpment official to be continually abnent&omhiepOBtof; duty P Was it not a ierance for parties to ride Uliles to see -'lOovernment official on impurlant busiftnd him iibsent P Was it not a ce tot perabns to be detained for B .^jfjft ak lintel kinder expense,because tbe ' ^ji wag neglecting it* grievance for f^Iiilj^fpr of Government 'accounts to ^' • bp'^eteurea ^lnHtbe; distrrct tmb • days or ^ m m m t took Ib'^toftt W »p wlthiV view - to remedy j ^(Jfiyftnc^^vbn thp • cbbaeqtMM^/ Ifiotnebalf a doiienof this official'* 6<fm|>&* tbiBing , friep3B, .Jticiudi«g Ui8- gcitiemah previously referred to, imiot diately considered we had committed a very grave ofl'ence, and jpp with tlie intentfou of ruiuing ue et once, •they stopped thofr -i^pera arid ad^fertiseme.;(e, and bpye ever eiuce kept up a " uiitrailleuse- ^sauoooade-' -of-paper bullets, ae compeDsation for our independent duty in attaci[!!)g and removing Iba said •grievance. We up uotcore about meniioijii]^ natnos juBt non', pariieu!arJy- as " fcla) iug the *lain n .uiucl<^s Httrk; but tuis matter would not bave been referred to only to show what an Editor is to expect from snine minds, for too faithfully fulfilling his duty, find yet tbe uiou who are the first to cry o - it about " removing grievanco" would allow the grievauce we bare named to remain unredresseil. They would jdlow the penile to be " mesmerised" and disappointed time after lime,because they did not wish their .j /riend iutei 'e-ied with. We - are glad we have done our duty iu cleansing this "Augean Stable" and rer.joviug an eril the public j had long groaned under. It shove *vbat little suppoit can bo expected from certain wen, iu advocating the removal of any local grievance if it interfered w'Ali their dear selves ! In jast'ee to burselves, we are bound to mealion t'.ts lit:'e nutter from the beginning, to prove tlirt the object gained by our advocecy, wfu'ch has bocn JookoiJ upou by .1 few as "an unjusli<".ab!e interferanco with a friend " ia regarded by the community «B of paramount importance, arid a feervice to one and a!J. Howerer, the journal atill lives, akiiougli it is still unrelflnteilly persocoted, despite tbe many influential and powerful interests at work to destroy the Peoria's A 'JVOCAVR ! We are etiH undismayed at the power of tvealth and those attractive mesmeric influences. We scorn the intrigue and cunning always at work by ihe "Tcrrara Clique" for our destruction. We rely oii the erpport of minds rot debased by ft "promise of renewal," on the and discriminHtiDg judgment of the community,—on nil i'jdcpent-'ant and patriotic minds, who have the real progress of the district at heart. Mb. PAnKES has given notice of motion, in the following terms "1. Thot the practice iniroduced by the ministry holding office 1869-70. of' appointing its own members to permanent places or profit in the pub he service, ls cor.; r8ryto the spirit of the consUti'Uon, dcirimenlal to the character f 11 of government, and ought not to b 0 [juowed by succeeding ministries. 2. That the foregoing resolution be presented by address to the governor, praying that his excellency Will cause it lo be entered on tbe minutes of the executive council." We have already expressed our opinion that the appointment of Mr Cowpsr under the circumstances it) n precedent to !>e nj.iiked rather than followed ; that the question is not whether Mr Cowper is competent for the task, or whether I heir is any. If gat obstacle in his taking possesion of tho office. The shade of (ioubt we have cast upon his appointment arises from none of those causes. Hut it is li.at lbe miuistry, ns its labt act, gives an appointment to its chief, and that this finishes its official life—that it is an act performed tit extremis. The principle iipon which Mr Cowper has beeo advised to act would have enabled the miuistry to provide for their whole number. They could have dropped from their political to a mere official career, aud gone out of the couucil with billctsfrom a government which had vanished. Had the miuistry continued, or expected to continue, the appointment would have assumed a different completion. They would have been in the home to defend the appointment, instead of leaving Mr Cowper to carry with him his appointment like a servaut with his character from the lost place. It is a just and right rule that an appointment made in good faith by a preceding government shall be maintained, and that the changes of public life shall not affect the posit : on oi those who do not contribute to produce, and are not responsible for them. But in this case every vcBtige of -respoftbibility vanishes from the ministry as well as the official. Tbe patronage ufoffice in seized as the last act of the expiring administration, In Eugland the attorney-general is a political officer; but if duiing his administration tbe office ot cliief justice becomes vacant, be takes it of course. It has been denied that even this rule necessarily extends to the colonies. But it has been long eslab- 1 liBhed at home. Thus when an eminent lawyeraccepts the duties of attorney-general, he, at the same time, receives a title to the contingent privilege to take the chief judicial office, not being political. There is, therefore, no compromise to the dignity of au administration by this transfer from tbe bar to the boncb { but we never heard of a prime minister in modern times binding his papers in red tape, sweeping bis desk, sending abroad his colleagues, and shutting up his cabinet, and after having, as his final act, witnessed bis own. appointment to an office of profit under the crown. We have no disposition to make much of this affair. Mr Cowper is entitled to consideration trom all sides of the house. We have understood that he would hare had every prospect of the appointment from his successors. We are scarcely prepared to say that this would have been unexceptional, since it would-bare been dangetous to allow an opposition to bargain for the resignation'of a political chief and extinction of his government. That tender, however, wan never perhaps formatlf tnade, but it might have 1>een belter to have trusted to an incoming government, who, in offering the agency^ would be giving «xpression to higher feelings than political partisanship. It will be seen from onr remarks that we do not dissent from the terma of Llr Parkes* motion, , but In making it be is taking a position eo prominentia the censure of political immorality, that we are bound to inquire with what title be sppe&ra; in the house as an accnser. bli: parkes has obtained cooBiderable applause from«luge bection of tbe community for carrying «ii^ed&cfttioD; bill enccessfutly through the Tegielature, He baa been made a mark xif political boatiltity to another Bection, less powerful, but liable to vindictive passions; and tUferefore be'may Imvn suffered some injury. We have no wish to detract form his labour, but we do trot think that this would leayd us free from capability if we allowed the ptsitipn which ho assumes to pass unchallenged. Ilis ^lec lion to the office of uctuber gives bim, of course, all the rights, and suggests all tbe duties of that positioc. But we are con vinced tbe public conscience TEvolte from the nr.omalyi ' _ . . . ,. - - Mr Parkes a fitw weeks ago filed his Bcliedulo. He was re-elected by a constituency of no yerf large extent. The law opposed no barrier to his re election. But it can pnif bo in copscqnence of an inadvertence in those who framed the constitution act, that a constituency possesses the power to place iu the legislature an uncertificated insolvent. It may be said ihat if the peopi^, who choose bim did not consider tuts an objection, we have no right to "\iarrsl with their declared choice, liu*. tin * would be a narrow view of the rzhxcD relations auJ daties of a snb^cti Can 1t be maintained that what ' ltl j 8 j )068i{,l e lo do, men hai£ tneio. ore a r; gj jt to do.—that if there is any pa.pabie inconsistency in thb position of a member with that of an insolvent, still any constituency, which ho may cajole, bribe, or delude, which may be ignorant of the facts, may place him in a position tvheie, from his taleutB or parly influence be may become tho arbiter of tho fate of a ministry, and even its head p Tbe schedule of Mr Parkes is known to the public. His crejitnre form a ycry considerable portion of the community. Iu looking over the list of debts he ha* incurred. and to tbe assets he has to meet I them, we are struck with two things; ±irst, the large^amount he fias contracted compared with liis real assets ; and, secondly, the character Of many of those obligations ns contracted by«him to persons who have desired to help him iu difficulty, but who were unconscious of the numbei' who were performing a similar act of good will by giviog their bills, or their money. How many have compromised their position by this generosity, of course we do not pretend to say. Mr Parkes has to explain the eourse of bis transaction. He has to wait untii liie creditors elsewbeye are heard. The court wuicL ja charged with the ir.Vr' 1 '- gation of hif affairs is asourt of record. has the power of inflicting judical punishment upon debtors who are convicted of malversation, It is possible that out of the transactions of that court facts may come to flight which may wear even a wore eeri.ius aspect. We have never said ono word in <!iiparagemej}t of Mr' Parkes as a trackman, nor questioned his rights as a politician, so long as his movements in th<?se capacities were not inconsistent with legal investigation. But wo feel the extreme injustice to tho creditors, to the officers of the court, an 1 to the sitting judges, in tho relative positions wliieh they hold to ihe insolvent, The power connected wi'.b a seat in the house, held by a man of conspicuous ability and courage, is formidable lo ail who might provoke his hostility, but ivlio have the righl of retire oulvfl'. It is formidable intimidation to tbe judge who presides. It would render a man of feeble imnd ininpa- Lie of pcrfcr:nisg his duties, and it w<muu turn a man of corrupt principles from Iheir discharge. The man who cati carry a molion of censure fteainct tho government, and compel the enrolment of hi.-» opinion in tbe council chamber oi 1 Fie Queen's reprc sentatiie cannot be sujery cucountcred by subordinate men in an insolvent court, and liis apoearance is discreditable to the colony and a hairier to the administration of justice. The election of Mr Robertson, while an uncertificated insolvent, was'equally objectionable in principle. There were some factB alleged which somewhat altered its compaction. It was, however, unjustifiable, and be would have consulted better the party of representative government had Le> at once refused the proffered honour, and waited until he was legal'y discharged. There are. however, some examples too flagrant, and Ih&t; of Mr Parkes is oue. Nor is it at all improved, if the rumours are correct, that the arrangements of office Lave reserved for bim a Beat in tbe cabniet as noon as be can win his certificate. The Governor would be forgetful of all that is honorable in administration if he were to allow any man to come into his cabinet as au aJviser when in the legal charge of a ; court of record. We have had manoeuvring enough and tolerated it too long. It is a misfortune that those who are candidates for office in the government . are almost uniformly poor, but at least let us take some security that we may haye a reasonable presumption that if they are poor they are upright.— S. M. Herald. Mn HEKET PIEKES has again resigned his seat in the Legislative Assembly, and he is now politically defunct. Only a short time ago, when be sequestrated his estate, be gaye back to his Kiama constituents the privileges with which they had invested hits. ; The electors of Kiama, however, re-elected him, and he took his seat. He has now again resigned because tbe Sydney Morning Herald has thnught fit to turn round upou bim.' If ~be believes that he had not a right to sit as a member in parliament ber^uss he was an uncertificated insolvent, oe ought to have declined tbe honour the people of Kiama bestowed upo;-, him a few weeks since by TP-ELECTING him in preference to Mr Gray. But supposing that he thought there vraa nothing improper, in taking tbe seat in the Assembly which the suffrages of bis constituents had then raised him to, by his resignation on Friday last be proves that the truth of bis impropriety first dawned upon him when be read the leader in the Herald. For our own part we think this last step of Mr Parkes to be on a par with all hitotber movements. There is a mock heroism and.pretended self-eacriBco about the man that miut be really humiliating to the more'intelligent of his admirers. Mr Parkes is to day a man without a epark of romtnercial honour, without an atom of commercial morality. ThiB downfall was not brought about by those whom Mr Parkes missed no opportuuity to insult and vilify.. Mr Parkes's insolvency and consequent disgrace are tbe work of his own bands.. Xhere is nothing m tbe matter of his insolvency to make him a hero—each a ( hero for instance »s be was when tbe KJBIEB ghost WAS terrifyliig the old woman who eucked in hiB UtteraDceB like eo much gospel—yet he contrives to Inake a little capital out of it and after stating in his letter to tbe Speaker of the Assembly that it is not possible for him to meet tbe statements-made tp the world, " with all the influendj|g)j[ r jta most widely .circulated jnu-uil m tiie colony,'' he therefore resigns the seat to which be had been elected as member, for the electoral district of Kiama. In this affair the people trill notice the great solemnity, the " solemlrsham," the " piece of humbug from beginning to end," as it has-been characterised by Mr Samuel, with which Mr Parkes lets bimsolj down from his position in the Jegio'ature to bis pr.sitiou in the insolvent "court. And in eo doing bo contriycB to clutch at dome of the martyrs glory. «'It is not possible," he 6 a VS| ' \jt me to meet tbe statements, exby tlepriving himself of the power which in my case is represented as danqerout to the community." So he resigns. Contemplate bim invested with dangerous powers, and as soon as the newspaper which ha has bi'prai&ei; in his windy addresses—the newspape/ that lent the chief of its reporting staff (iir Cook) to do the short-hnnd business behind the prison doos while Mr Parkes was pumping the condemned O'Farrell—publisher an article against him, he magnanimously lays down these great powers, and surrenders himself! Even as Napoleon III lays his sword ai the feet of the King of Prussia, so we have here the beleaguered chieftain closed in tbe Sedan of insolvency laying down his power at the feet of the proprietors of the Herald! The capitulation of Parkee! Isn't it grand? We always did give Mr Parkes credit for having som>, ttrenglb of miud, whether for goad or evil it is unnecessary here to say j but to think that he could be slaughtered by a newspaper at tide, done to death and , made 10 surrender his dangerous power by. a column of " long primer " in the Sydney Herald, ia something so absurdly grotesque, that it almost outmatches the "invisible jive hundred " that guarded the Duke of Edinburgh ou his first lauding in Sydney, the " new crime" that was widespread throughout tbe colouy, the Fenian phantom that was oonjurcd up at Kiama, aud all tho other " airy nothings" which had been given "a local habitation aud a name " by poet Parhes, " whose eye with a fine frenzy rolling " saw goblins aud crimes that 130 ono else ever dreamt of. We lli-na luZ real cause of hid resignation is to be iouud in the fact—rnat B new ministry being ou the verge of formation, and knowing that circumstances would net permit of bis becoming onj of its members, lie in despair, aud with a tough of sentimental melancholy at tho "ingratitude more strong tear, traitors' arms " wit'i which the Sydney Herald had treated him, gave up bis seat as a member, so that 110 plebeiun ""nquiries could- be hazarded as to why be was left out of the cabinet. His real motive therefore, as staled in the house, is I most likely to bo-" that he knew he could j not came if.-to nny government ut this i)ar- 1 licular perind." And as shore is no reason 1 t« believe that he use in rarest, we may | Slid " cawing himself to bo rtBlocted merely I .'or (he honour of belli* looKd upon a. a I martjr, nnd t0 si«, him the privi'ege of] saying—The-voice-of li.e people lias upset j v.'i::it the Sydney IloralJ or any other ' newspaper has taid." We hh.ill soon see wliL'liier Mr Parkes rr-.dlv mpans lo dwnll I iu t!:o o'liliiiou to «luch ho HAS retired ) It would be better lor tbe colony ii'iie never j emerged into publij li'e again, ior his political actions v.ero detrimental to (lie ••veil.being and peace of tue various ija' ionnlities and religions forming the |npulntion » c ' South Wains.— Goul'ourn Argus. 