THE BROKEN HOME. CHAPTER XL. A JOYOUS RESTORATION. BY LEON LEWIS. THE hour was late. Hardwick, grim and thoughtful, was seated in a lower room of his house, his arms folded be- fore him upon the table. A shaded lamp burned upon the mantle-piece shedding a full glare of light upon the face of a small bronze clock, whose noisy ticking filled the room. "A quarter-past 12!" he muttered. "And Wix has not come yet. What can detain him? I told him to bring Preble's man here and con- fine him in my cellar, and then to seek some trace of the girl at the Five-Fork Tavern. Something of importance may detain him. I cannot go till he comes. Well, well, I need not grow impatient. The father and mother are in my hands. It will be easy to secure the girl!" "How I have planned and plotted all these years!" he said to himself. "And now I am nearing the fruits of my labors. The end is near." He repeated the words, laughed softly to him- self as if they pleased him. At that moment a low peculiar knock was heard upon the frame of the long French window. "It' s Wix," he muttered—"Wix at last!" He arose, went to the window, and opened it. As he expected, Wix stood outside. He came in with an air of exhaustion. "Well?" said Hardwick impatiently. Wix flung himself into a chair, breathing heavily. "Why have you been gone so long?" de- manded Hardwick. "I expected you here hours ago. I intended to start after the girl this very night, and before dark." "I couldn't come sooner," said Wix sullenly. "I brought the man here as you ordered, and locked him up in your cellar. Then I went over to see my old woman and change my clothes, the weather had got so hot; and after that I rode on to the Five-Fork Tavern." "Well, and what did you discover? Was the girl there?" "There wasn't a soul there!" declared Wix. "But there must have been. The old man was, or said he was, a paralytic—" "Can't help that, Mr. Burret. There wa'n't no paralytic there, but there was an empty in- valid's chair, and a wooden leg tossed into it. The house was dark as pitch. I climbed in at a back winder, and went poking around, and I tell you there wa'n't no one there." "Humph! Gone to see the girl—old Greddley and all! I've long had my suspicions that the old fellow was shamming it, and that be was no more a paralytic than I. And Ben. too played lame. Couldn't you find out where they had gone?" "No. The hosses were in the stable, so I cal'lated the folks hadn't gone far. I hung 'round a while, and then travelled back. I'm 'bout tired out, Mr. Burret. I've been in the saddle since day-break." "And you'll have a hard day of it to-morrow," said Hardwick. "That girl has got to be found, if we have to seize Ben. Greddley and put him to the torture to find out. But gold is a cure for all diseases, and the best salve for bruises. You shall have plenty of it, Wix, when the girl is found." Wix brightened up, and expressed his thanks. "What's that noise?" asked Hardwick, start- ing. "Someone is coming. Who can it be?" He moved toward the window to close it, when a heavy tread was heard on the verandah, and Pecksley, pale and panting, burst into the room. "You here!" ejaculated Hardwick. Pecksley sat down, haggard and exhausted. "What has happened?" thundered Hardwick "I told you to stay at the Moderick House until Wix came to relieve you. Has Preble's fright killed him?" Pecksley shook his head. "What then? Has he escaped?" Pecksley nodded. "Thunder and furies!" yelled Hardwick. "Escaped! Escaped! How? When?" "To- night!" whispered Pecksley, finding voice. "Speak! Can't you talk, you idiot?" half shrieked the baffled villain. "Tell me all you know, and be lively about it." He made a movement toward Pecksley, which frightened that already excited individual nearly out of his senses. "To-night," whimpered Pecksley, his courage fairly gone at this crisis of affairs, "as I was going to get supper, the hall door opened, and a figger appeared all dressed out in white, and a holding a knife in its hands dripping blood—" "What foolery is this?" cried the maddened Hardwick, with a groan. "Come to the point." "I thought it was a ghost," said Pecksley, desperately. "I always was afraid of ghosts. I never could face 'em nohow. All my family's seen 'em. And I run out into the yards and across the fields, but bymeby I got up courage to go back for a horse. The kitchen door was ajar, and I looked in. And there I saw a beau- tiful young lady with Mr. Preble, and she had cut his bonds, and was making much of him. It was she that played the ghost." "A young lady at the deserted Morderick House!" exclaimed Hardwick "Is the man mad?" "No," whined Pecksley. "I'm in my right mind. I am indeed. I rushed into the kitchen, and told 'em they was my prisoners. And just then another chap came in, and told me he had bought the house, and I most take my man and make myself scarce. He said the girl was his cousin, and he had shut her up upstairs—" "His name?" interrupted Hardwick, his eyes blazing. "Who was he?" "Ben Greddley." For an instant Hardwick was speechless. "And she was there in an upper chamber, while I was in the kitchen with her father!" he ejaculated, when his first rage had spent its force. "Fool! idiot! dotard that I was! Why didn't I search the house? I should have had my two birds in hand at once then. Oh, this is maddening! What else, Pecksley? Go on." Pecksley wiped his wet forehead, and con- tinued: "This Greddley offered to set Mr. Preble free for ten thousand dollars, but they split about the girl. Mr. Preble wanted her, and Greddley wanted her. So, as the banker refused to go without her—" "Death! He must suspect." "Greddley called out to me that he and I'd stick together," pursued Pecksley, unheeding the interruption. "He pitched onto Mr. Preble, and I seized the girl; and just then in comes two men—one of 'em that Adrian Thorne you told as about—and Greddley made his escape. I couldn't do nothing alone against so many, so I too fled." "Adrian Thorne again!" muttered Hardwick. "I owe him a grudge. He won't cross my path more than once more before I get even with him. So you left them all at the Morderick House?" "Yes, sir; but the horses were at the door, and they were ready to start. The banker has found out—l don't know how—that his wife was at Mrs. Wix's. He'll he here with his party within an hour." "Found out! How has he found out? Have you played the traitor?" and Hardwick grasped his pistol. "No, no. If I had, would I be here?" "It's well for you you haven't!" muttered Hardwick. "I punish treachery with death! Do you hear that?—with death!" and he looked at the two men with eyes that seemed to scorch them. "And they are coming here?" be added, walking the floor excitedly. "They must not find me here. I must take the woman, and be off. With her in my possession, all is not yet lost, with her in my hands, I can yet get the money I have demanded." He reflected a few moments and then said: "Wix, go and provision the sloop. We'll be off in her directly. I'll go up the coast. There are plenty of secluded spots where Preble would never find me." Wix arose at once to obey the order. "Now, Pecksley," said Harwick, "come with me up-stairs. I may have difficulty in getting Mrs. Preble to go with us. In short, force may be necessary to compel her submission." He took up the lamp, and led Pecksley up- stairs, Wix proceeding into the kitchen to pro- cure stores for the sloop. Arrived at Mrs. Preble's door, Hardwick un- locked it, and entered the room. Late as was the hour, the lady had not yet re- tired. She was sitting by an open window, looking sorrowfully out into the night, and watched by the savage dog below. She started up as the intruders entered, her cheeks flushing with a quick indignation. "What means this intrusion at this hour, Mr. Hardwick?" she demanded haughtily. "It means, madam," returned Hardwick, "that you are to set out immediately on a jour- ney." "On a journey! Where?" "That remains to be seen," said the villain. "Now the question is, will you go down to the sloop with me quietly, or shall I be compelled to gag and bind you?" " But why are you going at this hour?" asked Mrs. Preble. "I did not come here to argue, but to act!" Mrs. Preble's quick wit supplied the reasons her enemy suppressed. His perturbed appear- ance, his excitement, his haggard anxiety, all convinced her that the proposed journey was a flight, and that some friend—perhaps Adrian— was advancing to her rescue. She resolved to delay her going till the last moment possible, with a hope that rescue might come before it was too late. "Give me a few minutes to myself, Mr. Hard- wick," she said quietly. "Not a minute!" he returned, eyeing her sus- piciously. "Put on your bonnet and come!" "What has gone wrong?" inquired the lady, slowly attiring herself as he directed. "Has— has my husband escaped?" Hardwick's utterance told her that her ran- dom guess had struck home. "He is safe!" she murmured, trembling. "Thank Heaven for that! I can bear anything now!" "You are sure of that?" he demanded. "We will see! What is Morton Preble's liberty worth to him without his wife? What even is worth to him the possession of his child, when the mother—" Mrs. Preble interrupted him with a joyful cry. "She is found, then? She is safe, and with her father?" she gasped. "My child!" "Yes, for to-night. But the scale will turn again. I am going to find a hiding-place for you where no one will ever find you until I choose to release you. And again I shall gain posses- sion of your child! Don't exult too soon, Mrs. Preble. I shall have matters all my own way yet!" "Don't be too sure!" said the lady. "Preble is ahead of me on two scores to- night," he said savagely. "But let him tremble. The end is near!" he added, speaking again the words he had spoken so hopefully below. "The end is near!" Aye, the end was near! The words were yet on his lips when a hasty tramp was heard on the stairs, and Mr. Preble leaped into the room at the head of his party! "Safe! Safe! Oh, my wife!" he cried, spring- ing toward her, and clasping her to his heart. "My brave, noble wife!" Mrs. Preble laid her head on his bosom in an ecstasy of joy and relief. Hardwick looked at them both like a tiger baffled of his prey, and then he drew his revol- ver. In an instant Adrian Thorne and Mr. Wilkie had torn the weapon from his grasp. "A happy reunion!" said the villain, foaming with rage. "A very pretty scene! As I am not wanted here, I'll take my departure!" Adrian blocked up the door-way. "You can't pass out!" he said sternly. "We are not yet through with you, Mr. Hardwick!" Hardwick glared at Adrian, but did not speak. A greyish, sickly palor overspread his face, and his lips took a bluish tinge. "The game is up, I see!" he said hoarsely. "I have but one request to make, Morton Preble. How did you know I lived here under the name of Burret? How did you find out where Mrs. Preble was?" "Why, Pecksley told me!" "Pecksley is the traitor!" he said, looking at his man. "And I punish treason with death!" With the quickness of a flash he drew his knife and leaped upon his confederate. Pecksley, with a yell of terror, drew his own knife, and stood on the defensive. There was a quick, sharp combat, and then Pecksley fell dead upon the floor! Hardwick staggered to his feet, the blood gushing from a wound in his side, the hue of death on his cheeks. "I'm done for!" he muttered. "But the traitor is dead! Morton!" Mr. Preble drew a step nearer. "I've made you suffer, haven't I?" he asked. "My revenge was nearly complete. If fortune —had not—played me false," he panted. "Oh, curse the luck!" With a look of hatred in his eyes and a sneer of hatred on his lips, Hardwick fell at Mr. Pre- ble's feet—dead! John, Mr. Preble's faithful servant, was dis- covered in the cellar, and promptly released. He accompanied the entire party to San Francisco on the following day, his heart overflowing with honest joy at the sunshine which now flooded his master's so long darkened life. Wix fled that night, and was not again seen. Mrs. Wix, however, sold her place soon after, and it was shrewdly surmised that she had gone to rejoin her husband in New Mexico, to which locality he was supposed to have transferred his peculiar talents. Some three months later, one November even- ing, a large party of family friends assembled at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Preble. The house was brilliantly illuminated, and wreathed and festooned with flowers, as befitted the occa- sion. Dr. Hutton was there, radiant and full of a delightful self-importance. He whispered to more than one intimate friend that he was per- sonally concerned in the joyous affair about to take place, for he had been called in to counsel with the banker and his wife even before Miss Jessie had been found and brought home again. A little later, two bridal couples entered the drawing-room and stood before the minister. Of these, the first comprised Adrian and Hetty—the former noble and handsome as ever, the latter, in her white silk robes and drapery of floating lace, shy, and sweet, and blushing. After them came Yip and Mrs. Wilbur, the latter attired in a pearl-colored silk, the former fairly bubbling over with joy. From the expres- sion of both their faces, it seemed that the good widow had accepted the eccentric squirrel-tamer, and was about to take him "for better or for worse." The younger couple were married first. Then Yip, who responded to the name of John Davis, was married to Mrs. Wilbur. The impressiveness of the occasion was sadly marred by the shower of squirrel-like barks which leaped from the lips of the simple-minded Yip, and the smile caused by this manifestation deepened into a laugh when Yip gravely supple- mented the gifts bestowed upon the brides with several of his favorite squirrels, which he pro- duced from his pockets, out of which their bright eyes had shyly peeped throughout the ceremony. "This is a happy night," said Mrs. Preble, when the guests had withdrawn, and the newly married couples were left alone with the banker and his wife. "Yip—I mean Mr. Davis and his wife, who are dear to us from their kindness to Jessie, will come often to see us, and Jessie we shall have always. I am glad she married Adrian, Morton. I could never have consented to let her go from us. Ah, how sweet the sun- shine is after all our years of gloom!" "And it is a sunlight that will never fade," said Adrian, clasping his blushing, white-robed wife nearer to him. "Our enemy is gone, and we have love to abide with us, a love that can never die." "That's so!" ejaculated the squirrel-tamer, putting his arm around his wife's plump waist. "And I'm mighty glad that my first love jilted me. We wouldn't one of us change places with a king!" THE END. PRINCE JEROME BONAPARTE.—A Bonaparte is dead. He never did anything notable in the world beyond bringing a lawsuit, which he lost; and his kindred in France successfully disputed his right to bear the name of Bonaparte at all. But he could undoubtedly trace his lineage to the great Corsican; and, although the "divinity which doth hedge a king" may be on the wane, there is little decrease in the interest with which the name even of the most distant member of the Bonaparte family continues to be invested. The Jerome who died on Friday last at Balti- more, in the State of Maryland, was the son of Jerome Bonaparte—the youngest brother of the Great Napoleon, and some time King of West- phalia—and of the beautiful Miss Patterson, the daughter of a wealthy merchant at Balti- more. He was, consequently, first cousin to the Emperor Napoleon III., and half brother to Prince Napoleon and the Princess Mathilde. Will his Imperial relatives at Paris put on mourning for the respectable elderly gentleman of sixty-three, who has just departed this life in his dignified Transatlantic retirement? We are afraid that they will not. There can be no doubt that Jerome, Napoleon's brother, con- tracted a perfectly lawful marriage with the beautiful Baltimore heiress. Some fiery Southern gentleman would very probably have been moved to blow out the brains of le petit polisson, as Napoleon called him, had he dared to seduce an American lady; but it pleased Napoleon I., in the full revelry of his selfish despotism, to declare the Bonaparte- Patterson marriage null and void. He wished his brother to marry a European Princess, and Jerome was only too happy to repudiate his bride. A son had been born to her, and from that son are descended grandsons who, on the establishment of the second Empire, strove to obtain from the French tribunals a declara- tion that the American marriage was valid; but, after due deliberation, the complaisant tribunals decided against the claims of these young gentlemen—who, if they were not eager to assume their rank as French Princes, were at least anxious to vindicate the fair fame of a deeply injured lady. At ninety years of age, Madame Patterson- Bonaparte still survives, an instructive monument of the injustice which can be committed by the rulers of the earth, when they wantonly and cruelly assert the doc- trine of political "expediency," or the barbaric privileges of Royal Birth.— Daily Telegraph. 