SNAPS. 'TIS said that when PROMETHEUS stole from heaven The fire which warms our rooms and cooks our victual, JOVE, for the crime, which could not be forgiven, Sent him a wife to warm up him a little, Who brought a box containing six or seven Gifts of a kind a Scotchman would call "kittle;" To wit, the ills that now afflict mankind, Which all flew out, leaving but HOPE behind. But why a wife? Was not the old Greek cynical In propagating such a shameless myth? Perhaps a sad experience, lectures clinical, The spites and wranglings of his female kith, Authority contemned "abaft the binnacle;" Slanders (like insane shootings at poor SMITH), Had made the man sarcasticer or stupider (And JUNO, as we know, was "rough" on JUPITER). "Your drift?" perhaps you'll say; perhaps "cui bono?" (If given to quoting cheap and nasty Latin). "You would not sneer at wives, sir, would you?" O no, I only write of them in lines of satin. My subjects range from prigs to PIO NONO; "All persons, places, things," whose names come pat in-- M'CULLOCH, JONES, the PRINCE OF WALES, M'PHERSON, DRAPER, the QUEEN, or any other person. But there is one name which my lips must utter, And feel themselves enraptured by the sound; In fact I kiss the syllables, and mutter Strange adjurations to the air around, Calling upon my soul and Mrs. CUTTER, As though they might arise from out the ground (The former in what guise the ghosts might lend), And stand before me with the Grecian bend. Oh, Mrs. CUTTER, one small question answer— Why are you Mrs. CUTTER? Why not be Mrs. -------? No matter: you have caused a cancer Here in my heart which soon will do for me. Your voice charged down upon me like a lancer, Leaving me hors de combat, as you see: So when I quit these realms of bread and butter, Write on my tomb, "He died of—Mrs. CUTTER." We ought to be a proud and happy people, If our advantages we only knew; But for our ignorance one day the deep'll Rise and o'erwhelm us utterly from view. We have a man among us like a steeple, Lofty in thought as stature, kind and true— A legislator, meekly his honours wearing, Gentle and modest, never overbearing. It were a work of supererogation To name the SOLON; and we all agree How great a comfort to a creeping nation 'Tis to possess exemplars such he, Who from his high and influential station Acts the GAMALIEL to poor PAULS like me. SOLON, observe, I write—not to be loose, You else might think I meant a SOLAN GOOSE. 