IRISH SYMPATHY FOR FRANCE. IT is not consonant with English sentiment that Irish sympathy is with France in the war between that Power and Prussia, and there are good reasons, we confess, for British displeasure at the perversity of the Irish instinct on this subject. At a time when the English Government were not sure that Great Britain could preserve its neutrality even for a single week, and the English Press and the English people had pronounced for Prussia, it was most exasperating that Ireland with an united and enthusiastic voice was proclaiming her sympathy with France. It was provoking—it was more than provoking—that whilst London Punch, The Times, The Daily News, The Saturday Review, and the other leading organs of English opinion were stimulating the anti-Gallican sentiment, the Irish people were declaring for France, under all circumstances and all changes. This was a picture of domestic weakness in the United Kingdom that recalled a state of things long anterior to Disestablishment and the Party Processions Act, to the Peace Preservation Act and the Land Act. Strong and rather unreserved Gallic Sympathies at one side of the Irish Channel, and a bitter display of the traditional Anglo Gallicau enmity at the other, rather inopportunely betrayed the fact that the " sister kingdoms" are but step-sisters after all, and that they adhere respectively to traditions which are by no means conducive to reciprocal good feeUng, or to their united strength, But so it has been always: Ireland never plays her part properly—from the Westminster point of view -—in the Imperial system. She takes no niore kindly to it now than she did when the duty was first imposed' upon her -AS, a necessity. At the present critical juueture pf affairs she has a will of' her own quite al.^rphg as ever it was, . and. as it almost Invariably happens, it runs counter to that j}f her'dominant sister. The consequence is of course another misiinderstanding, and there is again a picture of, family, disunion phich attracts much attention - but for which there is no help. Irishmen take the matter easily enough, seeing that at the worst no great harm cau come of it to them, but Englishmen, for reasons best understood by themselves, are really vexed at it. There, for instance, is the Argus, quite fretful and splenetic on the subject. In its issue of last Saturday it devoted an article to the question of Irish sympathy for France, but for the sake of its reputation it would be much better that it had been silent, for a production so weak and ridiculous had not for some time previously appeared in its columns. Here, for instance, is a specimen of the wit attempted in the article:— There cannot occur a row anywhere on the face of the earth without your true Irishmen burning to take some part—however remote— in the fray. To mingle in quarrels with which he has no logical connection seems to be a part of his mysterious destiny. Let Iiim only be aware that a fight is going on anywhere under the sun, and he longs to take sides in it—which side is a matter of secondary importance. It is this peculiarity of our Hibernian friends in Victoria, we believe, and no very deep-rooted sentiment, which has led them " suddenly to throw their caps in the air on behalf of the Frenchmen in the present European struggle. For them to remain neutral while human beings were knocking each other on the head by thousands was simply an impossibility. As well expect Pat to stand calmly looking on when the shillelaghs are flying about at Donnybrook Fair, as imaging that a great war could take place without his fiercely declaring himself in favour of one or other of the combatants. What an effort of genius—to sketch the stage Irishman, and make him typical of the race! But there is no more originality in the picture than there is truth or good taste. It is a clumsy copy of an old caricature, for which a sign-painter could sketch a companion picture of higher claims by representing John Bull as an obese and crafty old hypocrite, cheating his customers and with his ill-gotten gains paying others to fight his battles. In such - a piece comique as is most in favour at the Vaudeville or the Odeon in times like the present, one could find a- picture of Mr. Bull of far higher merit than that of the true Irishman presented by the Argun, and we venture to say that if both sketches were submitted to well-informed and discriminating spec--' tators, more touches true to nature would be discovered in the French picture. If an Irishman, reciprocating the compliment of the A rgus, set up the French picture alongside that drawn by the funny Englishman who is privileged to amuse himself by writing for the leading columns of that journal, the contrast between the man who both laughs and fights with a will, and the one who. is neither Jit nor very much inclined for fighting under any circumstances would be amusing. Two such pictures on the same wall would be very suggestive of what the Irishman has done and is capable of doing; but there would be this slight danger attending the exhibition, that it might too forcibly remind him of what his countrymen achieved against Marlborough long before they fought under Wellington, and memories of that kind would be apt to alienate him from his brave Saxon cousin* Such an interchange of civilities might revive historical reminiscences that would endanger the cousinly feeling that should subsist between John Bull aud the true Irishman, aud the latter might in such a case be too much disposed to think of the time when his countrymen, to the cry of " Remember Limerick, and Saxon perfidy," hurled back the English army at Fontenoy, aud wrested victory from the flag already disgraced by a violated treaty. These would be bitter memories, though to the Irishman proud ones; but neither he nor his English, cousin should be willing to revive them in this mixed: community, and the latter more especially should have no desire to , do so. For our own part we would be unwilling to recur to events of the kind if the Argus had not allowed some witling to make use of its columns for a purpose offensive to Irishmen. ; That journal,„in the article upon which * we comment, says that " it would be idle to ask any of these gentlemen to give a lucid , reason for his public expressions, of, 'deep sympathy: with the French in, their present a. struggle. 5 " Any one of them could, give a > dozen good reasons for their sympathy,^Ebr ^ France, but not one of the dozen, wje fear, ] WjOuld be pleasing; to the A rgm. Of this, t however, 1 that journal maybe sui£—sthat-tlie<» KllianCe which existedbetween France" anff<" England hasnothing^whatever to .do jO^Vfyagroy'fottiMe latter nation. It. Irishmen think at all of that Alliance, theless they say of the truth respecting it tfm more, .considerate are they towards their English friends. With an affected simplicity and ignorance, such as no respectable or honest journalist •would assume, tbc Argus looks into the relations between France and England during the last ten years for an explanation of Irish sympathy with the former nation. It can see no reason for it there, and therefore it is inexplicable ! Is it surprising that articles written in this style injure any cause they are intended to serve, and benefit any object they are designed to injure ? And is it not still more surprising that an experience of such results for years is altogether unprofitable 1 And yet, so it is, .as one may readily perceive from that offensive performance in Saturday's paper, which is without one particle of wit or humour to excuse it. As we cannot indulge the silly and con temptible affectation of ignorance and simplicity assumed by the Argus, it is not our intention to repeat here what has already been said in this journal in explanation of the cause of Irish sympathy with France. Nor will we recommend to our contemporary a perusal of what the Spectator and other leading journals have said on the subject; 'for if it have the brains to comprehend the truth, most unquestionably it has neither the candour nor the honesty to admit it. But if it desire to be better informed on this subject than the public gives it credit for being on any other whatever, we would recommend to it the study of English history about the time of James II., and a perusal of what the Irish Brigade acliieved at Landen Spire, Steinkirk, Blenheim, Malplaquet, Foutcnoy, <fcc. From the pages of French history, which record their prowess at these and other places, it will learn— though not perhaps with any degree of pleasure—why Irishmen sympathise with France. Our contemporary having learned with whom, and against whom the Irishmen of the Brigade fought in those times, and baviug likewise obtained a knowledge of the provocation they had received, and an insight into the spirit by which they were animated will be at no loss to understand why Irish sympathy is with France. A very superficial knowledge of what occurred on the battlefields of France after the violation of the treaty of Limerick, will supply the Argus with the explanation it needs, and it may derive further satisfaction on the subject by learning that France always hospitably received the persecuted and exiled children of Ireland ; that she munificently bestowed honours and more substantial rewards on the Irish soldiers who fought in her service ; that she afforded to the Irish ecclesiastical students an education which the English Government denied them at home, and that when that Government took no adequate measures to save the Irish people from decimation by famine, the French people acted with brotherly sympathy and liberality towards them. To make the explanation the more complete for the satisfaction of our contemporary, there are one or two more particulars which we shall add. Whilst the Irishman everywhere in France meets with the reception of a friend, there is 110 such cordial feeling towards the Englishman. There is sympathy there for the Irishman, and as history assures him there would be more than sympathy for his country if the opportunity of doing it a service offered. Of this Irishmen are convinced. They would as readily serve her in the field as they now contribute to the relief of the widows and orphans of her brave soldiers, and though they are not— according to the testimony of their English cousins—very particular as to whom they fight for, they are not just now inclined to risk their lives for any other nation that may require their assistance. And if the opportunity of fighting for France were offered them, it is not all improbable that they would play their part as effectively as they did it at-Fontenoy, or on the plains of Xanden. THE revenue returns for the last quarter have been published in the Government Gazette, and there is it large deficiency; but it is stated on authority that if an Actual balance-sheet were at «nce struck, the deficiency in the revenue, as cameAred with the estimate "of Mr., Francis, •wBara. lie much less than is sliown in these re tarn's. Thus, there is a considerable portion of the rents accruing fromthe pastoral occupation •of the territoiy. nowdue,4»»t which will not be received, perhaps, for nearly two months; then, a few daye since £7,500 was receive! from New $»pth Wales' on acpofant of the Jtiver Mamy -duties,(then, £3O#(j0 is also owed by the bauka ap ybutattup is only' paid every: mix months ; and taking these and other items into consideration, Mr. Francis is of opinion that at the present time he is only between £60,000 and £70,000 short of his estimate. THE Charitable Institutions Commission, represented by the Hon. M. O'Grady and Mr. Harcourt, M.P.s, and Mr. Sturt, proceeded by the steamer Western on Tuesday to Warm am - bool, on a fortnight's tour of inspection of the charitable institutions of the Western district. THE petitions praying for the commutation of the sentence on 6. H. Supple, and the communication from the leading members of the bar of their opinion that the prisoner had been wrongfully convicted, having been considered on the 7th inst. by the Executive Council, a respite was granted to afford time for the points of law to be argued before the Privy Council. When the information was communicated to him, he seemed much pleased, and said he was thankful for it, for the sake of his sisters. His irons were struck off, and he will, pending the result of the appeal to the Privy Council, be now treated in accordance with the gaol regulations for the treatment of prisoners awaiting trial. MAJOR-GENERAL SIR TBEVOR CHUTE and Lady Chute sailed on Saturday in the Hero, for Sydney, en route for Europe viA San Francisco. A large number of persons assembled on the Sandridge Pier in the afternoon to witness the departure of the General. The usual salute of thirteen guns for a major-general was fired from the pier, and as the steamer arrived abreast of the Nelson a, salute of thirteen guns was also fired from the ship. The colony has now seen the last of the Imperial troops. IT is stated that the influence of several members of both Houses of Parliament has been promised to support a petition from the local bodies throughout the colony, which will be presented early in the coming session, asking the Government for a grant towards repairs of damages to bridges by the late floods. A LETTER has been received by the Government from General Chute, thanking the Government for the manner in which he has invariably been treated during his stay in the colony, and also for the attention paid to him on his departure by the parade of the Volunteers and the firing of the salute. A DEHPATcif from the Secretary of State for the Colonies intimates that the Lords of the Admiralty have approved of the designs for flags for the Government of Victoria and the Colonial Mercantile Navy, as adopted here some months ago. Tin: election of the Mayor of Melbourne for the ensuing year, which was held oh Monday last, resulted in the return of Councillor McPherson, who obtained 1G votes, Councillor Amess obtaining sj Xi THE usual weekly meeting of the St. Patrick's Young Men's Society was held in the library at the rear of the Cathedral on Monday, October 1(1. The vice-president occupied the chair. An essay was read by Bro. Power on "Ireland since the 12th century." A vote of thanks was accorded to him. Recitations were then given by Bros. Keys, Collins, and Field. The meeting terminated with prayer. A DECISION- of some interest, as showing that iu forfeiting (shares the law should be strictly complied with, was given by Mr. Justice Molesworth on Tuesday in Wood v. the Freehold United Company. Plaintiff had been a shareholder in the company, but the directors affected to declare his shares forfeited for non-payment of calls. Before any dividend was declared the plaintiff tendered the amount of the calls, which offer was refused. It appeared that the call was made 4th June, 1869, payable on the 14th ; the manager advertised that all shares on which calls were not paid by the 25th would be forfeited ; that on the 26th he advertised that certain forfeited shares would be sold on the 31st June—an impossible date. The mistake was discovered before the sale took place, and the date altered in one advertisement to 1st July. But as the rules required tbat the' forfeiture should be advertised in three publications of a newspaper, the Court held that the forfeiture was illegal, and that the plaintiff was entitled to his shares, WE have received from the secretary of the Irish-Australian Catholic Benefit Society a circular requesting the officers of the several lodges to take steps to make collections at the next meetings of their respective lodges in aid of the wounded French soldiers, &c..; &c.; -The reasons for taking this course are clearly and satisfactorily stated in the circular. THE P. and O. Company's R.M. steamship Geelong, with the mails for Europe and the East, left the. Bay on Tuesday afternoon.. On tbis_ occasion she takes a larger quantity of bullion and specif than usual, the total value from this port being £526,632. Owing to the non-arrival of the Rangitoto, up to thfe time of the mail steamer's departure, the New Zealand mails for Europe have not been forwarded.. The Rangitoto was due on Sunday last. IT is said to be the intention of the Government to adhere to the financial. programme sketched out by the Chief Secretary before the close-of last session; and to submit to Parliament Estimates for the first six months of this ensuing year. WE observe from an advertisement in another column that the firstconcert of the St. Patrick's Choral Society will take place on Monday even* ing next, in St. Patrick's "Schoolroom, Victoria parade, between Nicholson and Fitzroy streets. The Rev. W. M. Finn will take the chair. As it was originally intended that the concert should be given on Tuesday iiext, : peraoiis who urchased.some of the earlier ticketaiiasued will;- Eegood enough to acoept the^n^imition of :$be, alteration in the date of the eyent, *. quested to state that tickets : iiaayhe hlftainW' fit Messrs. Wilkie,' Webster, and AU^V&nKij; pollers, Collins street.'••••• "BAT," writing in the Pleasant Creek News, in reference to Mr C. E. Jones, says :—" I assert my firm conviction that the greater and grosser outcomes at which we all pretend to' stand amazed, were caught from that very corruption that was then festering in high places, the biggest sore of all. It will be a difficult matter to -make me believe that the Ministerial influences around Jones were pure ; and I am prepared to think that the assertion having reference to Mr. M'Culloch has enough of a truthful foundation to make men halt with a grave query of astonishment when the compact between Bogus and Mr. M'Culloch has been read. The barn-door and the duck present a very different appearance after a shower. Jones, the draggled, may be laughed at, and pecked at, and crowed over; while the sleek, oily plumage of the duck shows that outward serenity and immaculate order which are a feature of other gentlemen I could name. If political sins throughout a political life are visited and punished, I know more than one politician whose political death-bed will be haunted by the political ghost of the political part of Jones." 