A GHOST STORY. ! (Continued from our last.) {Written expressly for BelVe Life.} BY GAITAIN SYKES. I WITHOUT any profaco whatever, Jack's second manuscript thu! begins: " The roport ot my pistol lind alarmed tho hoiiBO. In less than üvo minutes tho old Hector, tho guests, and tho servants wero in tho library. Thpy could scarcoly balievo their own eyes when thoy saw tho old butler, whom I had this timo carried up stairs and placed in tho armchair by tho ilrcsldo, moaning and bleeding be- lora them. I had still greater difficulty In getting them to believe that this old and trusted servant of tho family had been found lu tho haunted room under circumstances which left little doutit of lils having for years takon advantngo of tho superstition of lils employors to play upon thom a most cruel hoax. By my uncle's orders tho wretched man was carried up stairs to bcd, a surgeon and a constablu were sent for and in thu mcantimo, limier my direction, a search of tho uninhabited part of tho house was com- menced. Tho supposed supernatural part of tho mystery was soon cleared up, but another and not a less exciting ono took its place. Wo very soon found that tho butlor was not tho only individual that had been surprtscd.by my unexpected entronco. In the room noxt to this were tho remains of a meal, of which four or live per- sons must havo partaken, and several empty or half-empty bottles of wino which had been stolen from tho rector's cellar, In thc samo room wo discovered a charcoal Uro still burning, a crucible, sovcral moulds, a quantity of lead, n voltaic battery, and all tho requisites for tho process of electroplating. In a word, tho room had boon used, nud used probably during many years for tho ma- nufacture of false monoy, and thu butler had been in longuo with tho coiners. Their cntrnnco lind been effected by means of a dis- used drain which lcd from tho cellars beneath tho uninhabited part of tho house to a littlo brook that ran through thc park some two or threo hundred yards from tho mansion. All this wo discovered for ourselves, and tho butlor, when suffi- ciently recovered to stand lils trial, admitted tho facts. He con- fessed, too, that ho had taken . tho keys from the t'ildo while I slept; that ho had been accustomed to ring tho bel. , and maka noises that had so often alarmed tho family in order to sustain the idea that tho rooms were haunted, and so provent their search. Ho said, too, that four and only four mon had been concomed in tho crime, and maintained to tho last that ho himself had never received ono penny of tho Ill-gotten wealth. Ho refused most positively to givo tho names of tho coiners, and took lils oath that Ito had only osslstod them becnuso n rofusal to do so would havo cost him his own lifo and tho lifo of ono still dearer to him than himsolf. il oro than this tho old man would not say ; promises and threats wore nllko useless. Ho was found guilty as a matter of courso, and tho sentence was ono of transportation for lifo. I had been present at his trial, and folt convinced that tho old man had spoken the truth. I had an interview with him afterwards, mid told him that I was sure that ho had hoon tho victim of circum- stances, and promised to uso all tho inlluenco that I possessed to get his sonteuco commuted. Tho poor follow thanked mo with tears in his oyes, but my efforts wera unavailing, and a fow weeks later tho butler was on Ids way to Western Australia. Jack says I roust introduce tho sequel of this story myself. I have reid it through very carefully, and really cannot seo what introduction it requires, when f have said that thc events which it records took placo some two or three years after those related in thc first manus- cript, that thc story, on account of its length, is divided into chapters, that the scenery which itdecribes ¡ano rucre creation of thc imagination but a faithful sketch of a country through which the writer lins travelled, have a foundation in fact, nnd that thc names of persons and places are, of course, fictitious,-whcn l havo said this, I think I have said nil that is necessary by way ot introduction to my friend Jack's story of A CHRISTMAS IN THE BUSH. Chapter I. THE LETTER FROM COMBRA. Eleven years ago I was on the sick-list. A violent cold caught in the discharge of my duties had settled on the lungs, and the doctors feared consumption. A change of climate was recommended as the best means of averting the disease. Italy, the South of France, Madeira and the Australian colonies were each and all supposed to possess the atmospheric conditions most suited to the state of my con stitution. A family council, to which my physician had been invited, was hold in order to determine upon the choice. The doctor went in for Madeira; Mrs Sykes, who had an unaccountable aversion for the doctor and never missed an opportunity to opposing his opinion, made strong cause in favour of Naples or Pau, until, finding that the governor, too, was disposed to advise my removal to thc South of Europe, it immediately occurred to Mrs Sykes that a long sea voyage would be more beneficial to the health of her son than a sojourn in any particular spot by the doctors of medicine recommended. From the state of opinion Mrs Sykes passed very rapidly to that of convic tion, and when the convictions of Mrs Sykes are opposed to those of her husband, there is about as much chance of the said convictions of the abovemcntioned Mrs Sykes undergoing any change as there is of the earth turning out of its course to make a morning call upon Jupiter or Saturn. And as the matrimonial arrangements of my paternal nnd maternal relatives had been of such a nature as to leave the strings of the purse in the hands of the latter, and as it was by her consequently that the expense of my journey would have to be defrayed, Mrs Sykes had comparatively little difficulty in getting the governor and the doctor to take her view of the case. As for the party most interested, myself, it never occurred to any one of the three to consult my feelings at all in the matter. During my absence from home it was unani- mously agreed by the family and doctor in council assembled, that South Australia was a fit and proper place wherein to recruit my health and renovate my youth like the eagle. That same week I went up to London, secured a berth in the "Orient," obtained my outfit, paid a round of farewell visits to my friends, cleared the docks and the river and got fairly out into the Channel. The sea did me a world of good. In less than a month I had left the equa- tor and my cold behind me, and when, two months later I landed at Adelalde, my health was so completely re-established, that I made up my mind to stay but a few weeks in the colony and return to Europe In tho same vessel that had brought me out. I had with me letters of introduction to the Governor, a distant relation of mine, a jolly open-hearted fellow, who took an immense fancy to me, made me take up my quarters at Government House, and, find- ing all the artifices of rhetoric insufficient to shake my resolution of returning to Europe, offered at last to make me his private secretary, vice a certain Major Hunt, who was on the point of setting off to take possession of one of the finest estates, and oldest titles in the county of Stafford. The prospect of good pay and little work, (for the Governor was an active man, and did most of his correspondence himself) changed my resolution, and I agreed to remain with His Excellency in the preferred capacity for such length of time as we should find mutually convenient. The story that I have to tell does not require that I should enter into any of tho details of my life at Government House. Indeed I could not well give any account of my experiences there without introducing names of men are still living amongst us and re- calling to mind scenes, many of which are bettoe left in oblivion. Leaving such events to be related when the chief actors in them shall have passed from the stage, I will proceed at once to record the details of that awful tragedy which has thrown a shadow over my life, and darkened the otherwise brilliant recollections of the years which I spent in the colonies. Twelve months after my arrival in Adelaide, it was the afternoon of Wednesday the 22nd of December. I remomber the day too well. I was smoking my cigar in the verandah of my private sitting room, when His Excel- lency, as was his custom, entered without knocking at the door, crossed the room, threw a letter on the little table beside me, said read that Charlie," and then began to pace the verandah in front of me. Tho letter was from the police magistrate of Combra, a district including some of the wildest country within three hundred miles of the metropolis. It stated that the overseer of a neighbouring sheep and cattle run, which belonged nominally to a gentleman in England, but really to the Governor, had absconded three weeks previously, taking with him two of the herdsmen, three of the best horses and all the small arms and ammunition: that several daring burglaries had been since committed, and many travellers stuck up by persons answering to the description of the defaulters. That the district police were unable to follow them up, and that he (the police magistrate) had written to the authorities in Adelaide, asking them to forward some armed detectives to assist him. The letter concluded by begging that the Governor would interest himself personally in the matter, and send some trustworthy men to carry on the duties of the overseer and his fellow defaulters. The news was startling enough, but the Governor took it very quietly. When he saw that I had read the letter, he brought a chair from the room, and seating himself beside me asked me what I thought it better to under the circumstances. I suggested that he should let me ride over at once to the Inspector of Police, and see if that functionary had made arrangements for sending additional troopers to the district, and that he should allow me to start on the following day to his station beyond the hills, and ascertain the exact state of affairs before proceeding to apply the remedies. To the first suggestion the Governor gave an immediate consent; to the second he made very strong objections, grounded chiefly on the risk that I ran. In half an hour, however, I had gained my point, and the Governor had left me. I rode over to the city at and once found that six troopers in plain clothes had started some hours previously for Combra, returned to my quarters, sent for Pat—a grey- headed veteran who had followed me from Bombay to England, and from England to the colony, and who served me in the triple capacity of valet, groom, and counsellor-general in all matters of doubt— told him that I was about to set out on a journey which might last for some weeks, and that he would have to accompany me, and ordered him to have everything ready for the start on the following morning. I knew that it was unnecessary to give Pat orders in detail. He had served me too long to be ignorant of my wants, and had been too well disciplined in the sevice to over- look anything that was likely to be useful on an expedition into an enemy's country. Punctually, therefore, on the following morning the horses were brought round from the stable. Nothing had been forgotten. A large military cloak had been strapped to each saddle; in the saddle-bags were a brace of revolvers, a powder flask, a flask of brandy, and a score or two of bullets; my field glasses were swung over Pat's shoulder, and he gave me my whip as I vaulted into the saddle. The Governor had come down to see us off. He shook me heartily by the hand, gave me some last instructions for the magistrate at Combra, said that he should see me again in less than a month, and bade me God speed. In ano- ther half-hour Pat and I had left the city behind us, and were trotting at a brisk pace along the South Eastern Road. (To be continued.) 