?-: A STBANGE STOBY.. .-_- ' .!.' Another proof of the old adage 'murder ' will out ' is given by the ' Trenton Sentinel : — ? ? . . It is forty years ago, or more, since the dead body' of a stranger was found- in the woods near the Stonybrook Bridge, about . oneTmile ~to- the- east- of-Ponnington,. a_ village in New Jersey county. We were children then, residing near said village, and remember the circumstance welL It was an incident to make an impression in a quiet rural neighbourhood. Years later when we boys used to go in to swim in that locality, more or less fears were, alwjjjs excited by reference to the circum stances, for, boyhood, as well as age, is superstitious. Nobody believes in ghosts, and almost everybody is afraid of them ! The body -was found in a sitting posture against a beech tree. The face distorted, the eyes ^protruding as though the dead, man had died in agony. .His bat lay a ' fewjAet from him. His dress betokened ~ one 'in comfortable circumstances. He was a stranger,; and no one ever remem-1 bered to hava seen him. There was.no ? money upon the corpse. The body, with out special examination was buried, -we forgot where. There were- no wounds upon it and no evidence of violence. At that day, public scrutiny was' not so acute in reference to the mysterious deed, and no verdict of supposed murder was re cor^d. And now comes the strange elucidation of the case. A few days since accident placed into .our hands a copy of the Manchester (England) Examiner. .In _ the number we found tho dying confession of a; man named Daniel Hulseman, ac knowledging to a murdorperpotrated forty years ago, in tho state of Now Jersey, United States 'of America. . The mur dered man's name was James Eberhort. '' The murderer was acquainted with -his victim in the old country, and came out - about one. year before' him. Hulseman was a tanner, and worked in.Now York. When Eberhart came out he sought out his old acquaintance. He had about £200. in money. On pretence of examining the «. country and purchasing land, Hulseman ; (the murderer) started with Eberhart on »' . tour th.rough.New Jersey. He had with him a , flash of poisoned brandy, as he' I resolved to murder huT friend tia- the ~ money he had. They first stopped, **?' Princeton, and then concluded to walk across the intervening nine miles to Pen nington, the weather being pleasant, and public travel being greatly oircumsoribed. When ?within a mile of the latter place they stepped over into the woods, under a tree to partake of some victuiilB they had procured before starting. -Hulaeman then passed his flask to his companion, who drank liberally, and died within an hour thereafter in fearful agony. Hulseman looked on oil the while: He then robbed him of his monby, and sot him up against tho tree, aa before described. There aro still old .men- about Princeton who will remembor this event. It seems almost marvellous that after the lapse of forty years this affair should come to light by a death-bed confession, three thousand miles from the place- of- commission -; —rind-yet -it ?'is'oven-'Bo: '???'--.-' ? ? -????.?-????? ? i — -..._ 