A GERMAN WAR SONG. The Timest, Berlin correspondent sends the text of ?lte nteiv litnhe rsolg, which, sot to n inspiriting tune, has fast become the h '.Marseillaise" of the present war. Ile aptpends the following translationl by Mr G. Soiling, lao of the Woolwich Academy:- DIE WACIIT Alt RHtitN,- [TItI RIItINE WATCII.) ' A: roar I ke thunder strikes the ear, Like cltng of arms or breakers nelar, ' On for the Rhine, the Gorman ihiRte? * Who shields tbee, nmy beloved Rhine )Detr Fatherland, thou needs not fear, Thy Ithinelaud watche stanud firmly here, " A. 'hundred thousand hearts beat high, 'The flush darts forth from ev'ry eye Yor Terlons brave, inured by toil, ?Protect their country's holy soil. Dear lattlerlund, thou needs not fear, Thy Ithiuclnhd wacoh stands firmly hero,. 'The heart omay bleak in agony, Yet Frenchmantt thou shalt never be. In towter rich is Ilhino; thy flood, Germlania, ticll in heroes' blooed Dear Fatberland, thou needs not fear, Thy Rhineland watch stands firmly here. L When hearennwards ascends the eye Our heroes' ghosts look down fiom high We swear to guard our dear bequest, And shield it wi It the German breast, Dear Fatherland, thou needs not fear, Thy Ithineland walch stands firmly here, \- " As long as Oermant blood still flows The Germau sword strike, m gitty blows, The Gertman marksmen take their stand, No foe shall tread our native land. Dear Fatherland. thou utods not fear, Thy Rlhineland watch stands firmly heroe. " We take the pledge. The streamt rans by; Our banners, proud, tare wafting high. On for the tRhine, the German tlhine We all die for o r native hhlte. Hence, Futhet laod, b uof good cheer, T'hy Rhiueland watch stands firmly here." ONLY A WOtRD ! A frivolous word, a sharp retort, A par.ilg In angry haIste, The sun that roce on a bower of bliss, Tile loviene look and the tender kiss, ilas set on0 a barren waste, WYhcre pilgrims tread with we..ry feet Paths destined never mlore to mIleet A frivolous word, a sharp retort, A tnoment that blots out years. Two lives are wrecked otu a s olsy shore, Where billows of passion surge and roar To break in a spray of teals, Tears shed to blind the severed pair Drf.itog seaward and drt.wnitg there. A frivolous word, a sharp retort, A flash fromt a paosing cloud, Two hearts are seathed to the Inmtost core, Are ushes and duet for evermore. Two dcers turn to the crowd, MIesed by pride with a lilfe-long lie, To hide nne s?car, of that ugoty. A flivolous word, at sharp retort, An urrew at randouu sped, It habus cut in twain the lmystic tie 'That has bound two souls lt hIrmon?, Sweet Love Inee bleeding or dead. A poieoned ateult with source tan atim, hius done a miichief sad us shamue. A frivolous word, a sharp retort, Alas! for the loves and lives So little a catuse has rent apert; teoritng the loudest heart from heart As a wlue lwrnd rends and rives, Never tO roeunite agentn, But live and die in seoett paint. A itlvolous wold, a sharp retort, Aleas! that it should be no ! the pet?ltut speecl, thlecartless tongue, litavre rouget more evil, and done more Haoe brought to the world more woe Than all the rmietis age to age Records on hist'ry's Llood-stained page. -All the Ieat lilont. 