TOPICS OF THE DAY. The Supreme Court will sit this morn- <*> ing. On Wednesday, there was a great deal of excitement at Port Adelaide as soon as the alteration of the tiiiff became known. The annual festival of the United An cient Order of Druids will be celebrated on November 9, at the Kxhibition Buildings. " Faust" was repeated on Wednesday evening at the Royal, and much applauded. A farce followed, and created considerable amusement. To-night "Faust" will again occupy the stage. The Philharmonic Society's first con cert of the present season will be given in the Towu Hall this evening, and there is no doubt, will be a great success. The lust rehearsal tock place yesterday evening, and was exceed ingly satisfactory. Another gold discovery has been made near Mount Torreua, on Iha properly of Mr. Johj. Weidenhofer. The existence of a reef has been proved, and some very pretty specimens havo been found, several of which were brought to our office on Wednesday morning. In consequence of the resignation of Mr. T. Michelm .re for East Ward, Port Ade- Ldde Corporation, a vacancy has occurred in the Council, and on Wednesday, at noon, the undermentioned gentlemen were nominated — the election to take place on 14th September :— James Mitchell, propped by J. M. Sinclair; seconded by J. E. Dempstir. Charles Hams, proposed by J. Appleby; seconded by Moss Barnet. - The (redoiig Advertiser records a some what remarkable circumstance which occurred in the mice of Latham & Wai son, at Ironl'ark, Sandhurst, that has puzzled all the local philo sophers. When the shaft w^s down 200 feet the water was not bad. On farther sinking it became very brackish and unfit fordrinking, but at a depth of about 650 feet the water, although no alteration of strata had taken place, was so pure that Ihe miners drank it. In the Assembly on Wednesday Mr- Bright asked the Commissioner of .Public Works if he had received any communica tion from the Engineer-in-Qhief, and if he would state the substance of it. The Com missioner said it would be unjust to Mr. Mais to state tho substance of his communica tion, which was made under a misapprehension. He wonld say, however, that the rumor that Mr. Mais bad resigned his position was without foundation. On the 29th August, Messrs. L. L. Elliott and J. W. Manfield left Norwood at 3.30 a>m. for a walk to Kapunda, and reached Bagot's Gap at 6.45 p.m. on the same day. Two hours of this time was spent in stoppages for dinner, refreshments, &c; besides which, about sue miles was added to the distance in conse quence of losing the road, so making a total of about 54 miles, in 13A hours, being an average of a little over four miles per honr. Both were rather heavily freighted with great coats, &c; It was reported in town on Wednesday morning that the body of a, woman, with the head and arm cut off, had been found, in a bog near Angaston. The statements relative to the matter were very circumstantial, bat in answer to a telegram, we sent to our Angaston correspondent we received a message to the effect that a skull and a few bones, supposed to be aboriginal, have bean fonad in the hanks of a, creek. The police have received a similar reply to their enquiries on the subject. The usual weekly meeting of the Clare and Wallaroo Tramway Committee was held on Monday evening. Several copies of the memo rial, extensively signed in some instances, and in others not so extensively, were banded in, and it was determined that an active and energetic person should, in each township on the Peninsula, obtain as many signatures as possible, prior to the meeting of the Committee on Monday evening next, after which the me morial will be forwarded to town for presenta tion. — Wallaroo Times. The rainfall between 9 a-m. on Tues day and tha same hour on Wednesday, Sep tember 7, is registered as follows:— On Tuesday afternoon a heavy hail storm burst over Glenelg and Brighton, Glenelg receiving the full fury of it. About 5 o'clock hailstones, the size of pigeon eggs, and even larger, fell at the Bay, and broke many windows, including those of the Congregational OhapeL The Btones were in many cases sharp and angular, and did considerable damage to the fields and gardens over which the storm paned. In several places the growing crops were beaten down and injured. In the leaves of a ficus at Glenelg were holes that a man could put two fingers through. At first tbe hailstones fell tw.? or three at a time, but the storm soon came in its full force, and lasted for a brief period. It was heard in the distance some time before it reached the fashionable watering place. We have been favored with the follow ing extracts from letteis from the Bivers Dar ling and Murray:—" Weutworth, September 5. —The river having fallen 14 inches is now rising again, and it is expected to reach its former level." •• Bo urke, August 16.—The river is rising here at the rate of abont one inch in 24 houra. A fearful accident happened .here on board tuo steamer Princess Royal through the machinery lieiog unprotected. On Sunday morning, as the vessel was starting down the liver, the engine-driver got his left leg so fear fatly smashed in one of the cog-wheels of the engine that he only lived sixteen hoars. His nimc. is lleury Filcher, and he has for a long time been the driver of the Queen/ An inquest was held at the Narracoorte Hotel, on the Ist September, before T. Hinckley, Esq., J.P., aTjd n. Jury of 15, on the body of John Jute, found dead in a swamp sear Seymour's Station. The evidence went to prove that deceased was iv the habit of hunting for swans' eggs on Sundays ; that on the 21st when his mate returned to the camp, deceased was missing, but his mate, thinking jie had gone to Narracoorte, took no notice. Afterwards some doilies were {minted out to him about 100 yards from the swamp. Searched the swamp, and found the body of deceased. Dr. Gunning, on examining the body, said, in his opinion, the deceased had either been seized with cramp or had a fit. A verdict was re turned in accordance with the evidence. News has recently been received from New Zealand that the whole of the treasure (£13,981) recently stolen from the Clyde Police Station has been recovered, with the exception of about £530 and 30 ozs. of inferior gold. A shoemaker named Rennie, an ex-wardsman of the Queenstown .Hospital, was euspected of the theft, and in a fit of intoxication confessed his share in the affair. When arrested he further stated that a policeman named Malcolm McLennon concocted the lobbery, found a felse key, and kept watch while the crime was being committed. Reuuie then took the police to four different places, extending over 40 miles, where the treasure was '• planted," and the whole of it was unearthed with the before - mentioned exception, which the thief said had been lost Both men arc in custody. The Alrlbourne Herald saya : — '" It is a strange coincidence tbat. last week, just as a home ship was leaving this port (Mel bourne), a man was pnt on board her !>y a waterman's bout; the man had no baggage whatever, but he had in Ids possession a large bundle of notes, which he was very desirous of changing for gold. Tbe man was very anxious as to when tbe sbip would clear the Heads. As we know of no robbpry of Victorian bank-notes, |>ost>ii>ly these may be some of the New Zea land stolen notes which the thief is said to have lost." The Adelaide Hunt Club met on Wed nesday morning, September 7, at the Half-way House, Bay-road. «here was a fair muster of members and outsiders. The dogs went away rather suddenly and independently, and [cut the trail, Instead of waiting to be laid on at thc starting-point. The field seemed so bewildered at this irregular proceeding that they Aid not follow, with the exception of Mr. 3. Bowles, on liauncelot, who, after a very slight pause, wont as straight as a crow, and had the pack to himself for some miles, to the great amusement of a few citizens who were taking an early constitutional ride. The hounds had dashed away eastward, and, leading over a number of fences, crossed the main road, and then away towards Chambers's. Meanwhile the field had taken a shorter cut, and meeting Bowles in his triumphant career, called off the pack, and taking them back commenced dc novo. Again Launcclot took the lead, waited on by Problem, piloted hy Mr. borton, who cleared the wide creek crossing the road new Everird's. The hunt led over some formidable jumps across the Bay-ioad again, and finally finished in Maloney'a paddock near the Thebartnn Course. The ground was very heavy and slippery from the last night's rains, and Launcelot and Problem were the only horses that kept well up right through the hunt. The bulk of the horse men fame thundering up the Glenelg-road, like an irruption of irregular cavalry. Problem proved himself a game, strong, safe cross country horse, that will make it hot for some of them at the approaching steeplechase. Typo, -we understand, was hurt in the run. A tea meeting and soiree in connection with the anniversary of the Alexandra Tent, LO.B, Female Branch, No. 1, of the Albert District 1.0. R., S.TJ., were held in the Tempe rance Hall, North Adelaide, on Wednesday evening. Considering the inclemency of the weather on both occasions, there was a good attendance, and at the Latter Mr. H. J. Pudney, J DC EL, presided, and opened the proceedings with a few appropriate remarks. The Secre tary, Mr.G. W. Cole, D.S., read the report, which showed that there were 52 members on the roll, 46 of whom were good on the books, and a credit balance of £78 18j. Cd. It was also stated thai the sick pay hnd not exceeded £8 12*. Mr. John Williams in an able address pointed out the influence which a woman, who was herself a total abstainer, possessed over her family, and how she would bring about great reform. Miss Thome expressed the pleasure she fell in finding that the ladies were en deavoring to extend and forward that noble work. She showed how degrading and degenerating was drunkenness, aijd how, in spite of the strongest opposition, the movement was rapidly gaining favor with the general public. She besought those who wete moderate drinkers to exercise a little self-denial, and identify themselves with the movement, and pointed out the part the ladies had te take in the matter. Air. lleaddeyalso made an excellent speech. Recitations were delivered by Misses Turnhull and Willis, and Messrs. Wetland. T. Knuwles. Miss Jane Watson was encored in the melody, "The Blue Bells of Scotland;" and Mr. 6. Newman, P.D.C.R., sang with effect "The Drunkard's Lament." The usual votes of thanks having been passed, the proceedings closed with the National Anthem. The first anniversary in connection with the opening of the Bible Christian Chapel, Cook's Plains, was celebrated on Sunday and Monday, September 4th and 5th. On Sunday forenoon the Rev. John Dingle addressed the audience from 1 John, iii., part of 1st verse — "Behold, what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon as, that we shonld be called the sons of God." In the evening Mr. W. Bil lingham of Wellington, founded his remarks on the 10th verse of the 14th chapter of the Book of Job —"But man dieth and wasteth away; yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he?" On Monday afternoon, at 4 o'clock, tea was provided by the ladies for the strangers and friends. The tea was followed by a public meeting, when the chair was taken by A. Cook, Esq , of Wellington. The Chair man, in his opening speech, spoke ably on the excellence of true religion, and he closed by saying however sanctimonious a person may ap pear, if he does not love his neighbor God will have nothing to do with him. The Secretary (Mr. William Hamlyn) read the report with effect. There was a small debt still on the chapel, and to pay off which some means should be used. Mr. William Billingham addressed the meeting on the Holy Scriptures. The Rev. J. Dingle, after speaking of the pleasure he had had in meet ing so many friends at the tea, and especially the worthy Chairman, called their attention to the solemn fact that they were met to mark the revolving moments of another year, and to greet the anniversary of the House of God. He alluded to the words of the wise man—"A word fitly spoken is like apples of gold in pic tures of silver. A word spoken in season, how good is it." He then said, as they were come to the close of another year, it was the proper time for deep reflection and dedica tion to God, love being the test of our reli gion. He then urged with great force and earn estness the duty of loving God with all our hearts, and our neighbors as ourselves. Mr. Chaplin spoke on the subject of love and unity. After the collection was made, the Chairman opened a subscription list to raise the money borrowed on the building, which was done in a short time. After the usual votes of thanks were given, the very interesting meeting was brought to a close. The English Mail—England at war or neutral? France or Prussia victorious? will be the questions uppermost in tbe thoughts of thousands days before the arrival of the next English mail. With what auxiety will it be looked for! What a medley may we not ex pect to find amongst its budget of news—a reflex, as it were, of human life—the sublime and the insignificant, the terrible and the com monplace, side by side! The stiuggles of em pires, whose fate trembles in the balance; the shock of contending armies ; the slaughter of thousands upon thousands of sentient human beings; the flower of Europe's manliness swept from the face of the earth to gratify *he craving?Of wounded pride, an insatiable lust of power, or a mad ambition, utterly reckless of the misery and desolation that everywhere fol lows its baleful march, chronicled in parallel' columns with the price of stocks, the latest fashions, the last scandal, and the upward or downward tendency of copper, corn, and wool. Hamlet and the gravedigger over again with a I vengeance ! Whilst statesmen, politicians, and mercantile men are pondering over these matters, ' endeavoring to interpret the signs of the times, I and forecast the probable course of events, that they may shape their course and conduct J their business transactions with wisdom and profit. Ladies may safely arrive at the con clusion that the martial enthusiasm of the French will induce thousands to quit the silk loom for the camp and battle-field, and the price of this article advance accordingly. In addition, the increased rates of insurance to cover war rMts, and the proposed alteration of the South Australian tariff—in which an in creased duty will probably be imposed on all silk goods, will add considerably to the cost of this beautiful material of dress. Since the arrival of the last English mail John A. North more has purchased a large parcel of these goods, the same patterns and quality as goods Im ported by the last English mail, which were he to sell at the same price as the wholesale im porters are obtaining, he would realise a profit of 40 PEE CENT.; but in accordance with the principles on which hia business is conducted, "Small profits and quick returns," he is offering them at considerably reinced prices for cash. Ladies should not neglect such an opportunity. dc LUcHUXlO ... V \M£*% 1 " IIIHIIJ7"- ... U «i>i-S Jawler ... 0780 Normanville ... 0745 Pantinda ... 0175 Fort Elliot ... 0*295 Jlanchetown ... 1*115 Goolwa 0*510 Capunda ... 0*220 McGrath'g Flat 0-620 Lubotn 0*450 EoheTown ... O"65O fooDta 0 500 Mount Gambier 0*670 Jlare 0-870 Penola V400 Imts 1*100 Nanacoorte ... 1*950 lelrose 1*450 Gumeracha ... 0*500 JortAugust* ... 0770 Cliaiiestowii ... 0410 iountBarker... 0*480 TTentworth ... 0«50 Itrathalbyn ... 0505 