\- .(From'the London &ots; ) S oman I: The following purports to be anaccountlit narrated by himself, of.the ahare taken' by a Jobn.Pysye,_alias IButcher_Jack" of the ]7th Lancers, in'the doingas of-that glorious yet mournful day:' - "Well,, you see, it was in the autumn: of 1854 that: theoEuglish and, French armies were lying lovingly, enioughtogether in front of Sebistopol,, that nut which took them such a time to crack.: Our cavalry had :a camp of their vown upon the hill side nearC Cadtkoi, ajid the qd., Death's head, and Crose.boues,' to which I belonged, were there among the rest, forming part of the Light Brigade. We had a separate commissary of our own, and handy men were told off from the various corps to act as'butchers. "I never was backward when there was any work t-d;i, an"d hffet Dinoe fellow's were moping helplessly in the tents, or going sick to hospital, every morning I?was knocking about as jolly as a saudboy, doing a job here and one there, and always contriving to get more or loss tipsybefore.nightfall. :If-you ever.drop across any.of the old Crimean Light Brigade, just you ask. them if they re member, .Butcher Jack,' of the Lancers, and see what the answer will- be. 'I was'as well known in the brigade as old Cardigan him. self, and in my rough and tumble way got to be quite a popular character. Indeed; ifit had not been for my inordinate fondness for the drink, I might-have got promotion'over and over again. But I used to find my way .shoulder-high into the guard-tent pretty re gularly once a week, and more than once saved the skin of my back by being known as a.willing useful fellow when sober. "One 'slaughtering day' at the commis. sary we had killed, flayed, and cut up our number of beasts, and there was a lot of]rum knocking about, for the Commissary Guard knew how to get at the grog, and were free enough with it among the butchers, for' the sake of a nice tender steak. Paddy Heffer nan, of the Royals, and I managed to get as drunk as lords before we found time for a wash, and one of the Commissary officers came across us while in this state, and clap ped, us in the guard-tent before you.could say.'knife.' .One place was as good as ano ther to-usi so we lay there contented enough all night, taking an occasional tot of a bottle which Paddy managed to smuggle into the tent where we were confined. It was getting on for moriing before we dropped off into a heavy' drunkei sleeli, out of which the Com manlder-in.Chief himself would have had a tough job to have aroused us. We must have had a long snooze, for it was broad day light before' we-were awakened by the thun dering of a tremendous cannonade close by, making the very tent poles quiver again. I still,felt deucedly muzzy, for Commissary rum, as you would know if you ever get tight on it, is hard stuff to get sober off, yet I managed to pull myself together enough to .know where I was, and could give a shrewd ,guess what all the row was, I sat up with the intention of hearing .more about it from some of the guard, but to my surprise there was'not a soul in the tent but Paddy and m?yself, and there was not even aseatry upon the door. So we both got upon end and had a stretch, and then walked coolly onut of the guard.tent,.only to find the camp utterly de .serted, not a man being apparently left in it. Turning into our tent, .we sat down,-and over a refreqher. out of 'the inexhaustible rum bottle, we tried,. in a boozy sort of way to argue out the position. Frori where the camp was we 'could not see what was going on down.in.,the tvalley.by reason of a low ridge whiclintercepted_tho..view,_'butwe could tell it must,be pretty warnm work from the hot aud'continuous firing 'which was being kept up. At lait says I to Paddy. ' Why'the devil should we be out of the funl Letas go up tthe'ick lprse liues.anad.see if there be anything loft there fit' to put ohe leg in front df o iithir."- 'Agreed, cries h^, heartily enough, so I got hold of a butclheor's axe for a weapon, and he a sword, and, half drutrk ad'we' were, and jnrstir tih condition we bad lbft off killinfg the night before, we started 'off fdr the 'sick hors.l e, hAt it was no go for a moment here, for there were but two brutes left, and one of them had a leg like a pillar letter box, while the other: was dosn on the side, and di not look'much like rising. again. Determined not to be beate'u, we started off on foot, and -maiing ouri wary rounid bli the'rear of the staff, who were on the, edge of. the littleo'ridee, iwe' dodged down into the valley just in the rear of the position of the heavy cavalry. "Fill the pot again, governor, and I may es well tell you it .was ifBaliclavi inoroing, and the heavies had already charged the Cossacks, and emptied a good many saddles. Russian horses were' galloping about riderless aid Paddy and myself parted, company to give.chase to.a couple of these .With some trouble I'captured my.orne, a 'tidy 'little !iotn' grey nag, which Ijjudged from the saddleo ind accoutrements musat have .been'.ar, officer's changer. It was easy to see fron',tlie state of the saddle that the former riderlhad been desperately wounded,'and the reins too were bloodier than a: dainty man would have liked •but:I was nowaysAsqueamish, and1'mounted the;little hbrsd'inrt tinkling.' 'The moenioit I had got my seat, Igalloped up tothelHeavy Brigade, and formed' up coolly'6ii' the'left' flank of the oldRoyals. They laughed at'iie a 'if I had been a clown in a pantomime, ahd I'had not been 'in' position a couploeof miduteswhen' up ifme Johnny Lee, '"their adjutant, on his old,bay'nmire; at hi tearing gallop, and roared to 'me to ' Go to h-- out of that'. 'Thdre's no mistake, I was not much credit to them. I'.was bareheaded, and my hair was like a birchbroom in :a fit. I.was ininus'a coat,.with:;my.'shirt sloe ves tured tip to my shoulder, and my shirt, face,' and bare hairy arris were all splashed and bark. ened with blood,;which, I had picked npi'at the butchering the day before and had never wiped off, A pair of long greasy jack boots canto up to the thigh, aind instead ofa. sword I hid the axe over my shoulder.at, the slope 'as'regimental'as you' please. The Russian must have ridden very short, for 'my knees t were up to. my nose .in his stirrups, and so you may im'agiiro that, taking nie all in all, I was rather a hot looking niember, especially , ifybu remniihtnerbthit I was's fully, half seas I over. ' "iTh'i' bvies were in position to support I the Licht Brigade, which had just got the c word to advanue, Sd, when the adjutant of the Royals ordered moe:nff, I lookod straight t before me,r'sd 'saw tho'Light bobs geigout I to the front'at'nn'enisy trot, and oni tIheriglit' of the front ranhkI caught sight of the 'plu'k s in the lance bats of my>own corps, the old seventeentlh. My mind 'was made up on"the' instant. Ramming 'my, stiuless hedls' itito the'ribs of the little'Russian horse, ,I started off in pursuit of:the-Ligbt Brigade iasfiist"is'I "I equld make him'go, 'with shouts of laughter from the heavies ringitng behindt'd ine, ind chased unsuccesisfully by a couple of, officeri of the Greys,'who tried to stop mefor decency's 'sakb. i As'the ' light bobs- 'were'only advancing at a trot I ;wasn't long before' ranged up"' alobtgside? their right flank, and there was old'Nosey, es we used to.. cah Caedigdn, vell outjto.the front, and ,in . 6 frront of liim agniii wa youti'N olan (if "tle :hlr, with his sword down at tihelright engage' l,,r thousght'rir werea long wavy ott any enem . Just as I cnLoe up In litie cwith. te flank ser geant f lthe frotiiirank who loked sidoneways at'he.as it, I. had i beon; a. ghost, Cardiganl turned rotind in 'his saildle to s?a a word to thibfield trumpeter ridisng at his heIrls, tnil then with a wave of his 'sword' went off at score out.to th?e front. In another, siecond all the1 trumnpet?s.of. tli8i biigado sou'udird Sthe 'charge,' and sitting down on our saddles and setting otirtethhihhrd, olff :v-ieJWiint 'pollmelli cdres tlioevalley, s liard,e s everi iorgo; could lay{ loot to tlhe, grounid.; Prese?etly' iwe got withii radsedeft the devilish Russiin' batters' which!awus ilaying righttintoour toueth,:. and I saw Nolan,,wrfo was along, way out to the, front, gallodpiingi as it for a iwsger, toss up liis arm,~;anrldwittt-n-wilda-shriek- thll from ' blh horse' On still, oncrwedt,'faster hnd iaster ps our, horses got exhited'ind W'rmedl to 'tl?ir iwork, heedless of thie torrent of shot that came tearing through us, and "stoepping for -oever many a bold rider. As for myself, what with drink in me, and the wild excitem, nt of a liedloeig charge, I cont stirk mnad, and sent the plucky Russian horsre ahead at n a pace which kept me in line with thle very foremost. Nearer and nearer we carne to the dreadful battery, which kept vomiting death on us like i volcano, till I seemed to feel on my cheek the hot rir from the cannon's mouth. _At last we were on ii. 'iall. a-idozen"'f uis leaperd-fin among the gunsat once, ands I with one blow of my sxe brained a Russian gunner justes ihe .was clappintg:the,liinttock to ,the triuch-hole of his ph ce -With anotlher ' split open the tread of an oflicer swho was trying to rally the artillery detachlment in' tile rouar, ano then what oft us werelelffivhti smack :through the stragglers, cutting and sllslting like fiends, right straight at the columrrn of'cavlry drawn u behind thie battery.,, .YhVrt rha ppened then, say you ? I can't tell you nuinc mor' than tine, that they were round us like a swarm of' bees, and we, not Imore seemingly. "than a couple of doznti'ot us.to:ithdfore, were 'liack ing and hewing a'way .our hardest, each indi vidual man tile centre:otia separate inelee.' I know I never troubled about guards rmyselt, buh kept whirling theiare about iame, every now and then bringing it low to some, pur. pose, and everasitlell theRuskiesgave grourid a bit, only to crush denser round ure a minute ofter. Still nothing arened to toucli roe. IThey dursn't comrne to close quarters with the swvord, for thie axe bad a deviult a'long riidch, abil they dursrn't use piltals, for they were o too tick themselmes. I'm' lianged,' it I'ddi't"; think'I shUuhlbhave been there till ndwi hadd Iz not chincedl to hear above.the dina trmlnpeti fromrn so?ne?,here'far-"in -tlrle-rear -aour ild-'Threes about.' RoundI. wheeled, still:(thrushing abust ore like a windUmill, slap through tile Iheart of' tllP battery agair, knuektig dvrn an artller'iyuian'or twoas I passedand prei sently overt'ok a smill butch .of .lme of sarious regiderlts,'ivi'o undri?C.ldnel Srwell, ol tliultb, iere irying to retrl airi ilsome kind of order. "I sas as sober as' a bidhoi, by titil time, take 'iy vord:" for :,it' arid' I juined' tiremt.rigtit 'chberfull1 libt the oblinbced et getting bick ugiti tI our own sida bi'o' the vall'y' looked: rvery Tbu ir Rbr'ia'rs cavalry were hliard on our lhe.ls, .id '?ve' sufferedioir.lyf frim' ilo .dilirril l-t'bittery in our r, ar, Which koi/t'i eliii 'inli ctihu 'ittck oif us,' wi nch kit "iueli t dircirim ftirle 'uetieid lIrlend andftee. - ''hItigala srl tlioas'' inirts oin our left, out of whiclt thIe cowardly ''urks fhad. tuaked, and which, had' beeli pounced .ipon.bytlho ltueainir, wvere not doing us ulucl good'niithert J.assuro youo,,al r it ?vues all the wirld like lidieg between thet devil and tile deep Neo.. Soon what little' fermeletiln ewee ald got was knocked to pi-ece,, 'ind tewn the wtr. we.t ' Every slon for himsecelf, and God heilp the'hindelenst.' A young follow of' thIel 1th Ilu',nsrs and tayselt hnung together ftar c while, bath of us trying to, eanke thlee mo.t ot 'our tbl;wn and jlded iorehr se, but at last down lee went ii, i horse shlt under him and himself woundced, : A'theim l d's busby roll d off, when his head totclhed the ground, he gave aldook up at- me w\Yhih went , to ?y teerIt, roughe as it wau. ,Goee.;pity himi, he was little moretlhun ,hboy, and I hate a zietier" myself ne,? r 'was ' ot iof miy. saddle in a twinkling, anol, had htim' neieuss tli, hIoliter ,and myself tlt ' 'I set e again??' .aly just in time,'r' tloe r ltnrinable Co saolsnc'er'L down upon us like so nnatiy ewolves.' Ol ! the e'as a good pluckedzone ewaes that little Russian horse r; right gamoelyvdidl,he struggle with thoedoublo loatl an hi+,ehack and, hurrah, here were tteheavieste at laste,.endl we are afed. As L we asridieng to.the rear ,to gtve the wounded iman uate to ihe ddoctoer, I pased close under the stafflt ivewere'onli thle brow at tie .bill.abovi: mt, but.there was no notice taken of me that I perceivel. 'I rode,'up to our own camd, and; Iby-end-bye ca- sergeant catlo and raeide a pirisonerr of. ie afor thee crime atof breaking out ot.. they gusad .tent hein confined, ,tttorto-, a seriouys tlmita'ry 'lffence, I catl, till you. 1 weasc' sjoi ,,or, it :teoughiibieit day I wnvs brought In iront bl L ecat, who was-in. cotmandl 'f i'tlIhe cavefir', and "wio toleif e tieat" ilttii?igh li'ti' hndln good mind'to: try mu bi; coarthiarfileit, he, he said, I ceritiinly ddserrvedli'n ` uie'ul let ee off this time in aonsid, 'rtioaii'o t lie'usi hud anil'tii of it?tiu 'liberty: I hadr"takdlee ndediporhai( lie aould ddomoiu fior me ill 1 kilet sohber. And that's ho io;'Sir; [I cemni by this little 'iedicul, 'bili is 3rjiutan'' reward our distilngi+hedlcodedact,;fit ithe field. 'I Te'hnk you', Sir, I'll be sure to drink.your juealtlh." 