'Wave Prospect. By the Iter. Br. Barry. ' It is like a draught of Fire ! ' — Oolden Ztgtnd. CHAPTER XX. Undeji the Beidal Garlands. The great cloud passed away ; riot, however, without leaving other minor ones floating in the heavens. Perhaps, indeed, these minor ones became all the .more perceptible, in the general brightness, for the day of Emily's marriage drew nigh ; and among those who share in all the joyful preparations ; for such a ceremony, if there be a oloud which seems to intervene between any heart and its own star of happiness, it is made more dark by contrast. It is not my intention to describe tire oft-repeated scene of a wedding. It is enough that Lord and Lady Bayford drove away amid the congratulations of their assembled friends, and the acclamations of their numerous tenantry, who marched in procession a por tion of the way. I should have been delighted, fair reader, to have dwelt at length on the list of the distinguished guests ; on what they wore, and in what equipage they arrived, and with what retinue} on the speeches that were made, and the happy hits and hursts of merriment that went round; on the universal opinion of the: beauty of the bride, and the handsone appearance and hearing of the bridegroom ; how they bore them selves at church, how at table ; the splendour of the ; presents, die taste of the' decorations, the : good cheer j of, the repast, the heartiness of the . parents, the tears that came so near to smiles ; and all that you deem , inseparable accompaniments of a. wedding.: - But -ill think I may safely, leave .these things to your imagine- j tion. If not, you may, hate the opportunity.! wish you, of seeing them ? and sharing them as bridesmaid or as bride. But this is a tale of temperance, arid T jean only -take time to allude to the one feature of .this { wedding, which was unusual ; arid in iso-. doing T .: '? .cfinnntibetter fulfil;my :task than by copying from the ? Bayfprd Surpriser an . extract, which' found its way afterwards into some of the. metropolitan journals. ' Unique Featube of a Marriage in High Life. ''We have had occasion to remark, from time to time in our columns, the steady progress that has been made by those, principles, which . endeavour to Sup plant the dangerous drinking habits of feeipeoplfe; and.'in our town we were glad to perceive the gradual increase of those principles ; though we were farfrom avowing the fanatical extremes to which some total abstainers, would lead : us. In fact, we 'ever consist ently argued, that the evil is social, and 'can only be attacked by social ' example1— by public opinion, and by influence of one class upon another — and that it was absurd to attempt social ends by altering the law, whether by an absolute prohibition, or by a permis sive; bill,' We hay e much pleasure, therefore, ? in afewbfefee attention of our readers to a step, in fhf right direction, unexampled, we believe, in the annals of 'matrimony, and requiring great spirit and courage in: breaking through class customs. We allude to the late teetotal wedding feast at the hospitable man sioh-tif Frederic Woodroffe, Esq., of Wave Prospect, On 'the1 occasion of the marriage of his youngest daughter to Lord' Bayford. We understand that} neither at the dejeuner, which was ori a magnificent scale, nor yet at the plentiful repast which was served to the numerous labourers and employes of the two houses, was there present, in any shape or form, one drop ofalcobolic liquor ; and certainly, though ourselves ho teetotallers, ,we cannot withhold our testimony, that its absence did not diminish the general hilarity, good fcelirg; and . enthusiasm, which characterised the enjoyments of the day ; though we suppose a few thirsty souls went away disappointed, that they had been able to wish good health and prosperity to the happy couple, not to drink tlicm, except in water at the feast, or in a cup of cofiee at its close, after so high an example, the people could learn that gin and beer are not necessary to their marriages, to. their christenings, to their funerals, or even to their making of bargains, the paying of labour, the meeting'' of old friends or the making of new — we should not have to record so many cases as disgrace our report of pplice intelligence every week.' You will be prepared to learn that the Southern Leveller came out with an original leader oil the same auhjeef,-but' in afar different strain. It was not often, that' ' The Leveller thought leaders necessary, Dis-; tinted representations Of facts, or incendiary corres-; pohdence,' were generally thought sufficient, together' with such clippings from the London Press as suited the .purpose at the tune. It was in all the tap rooms — advocated the licensed victualling interest ' 'thorough' — always, be it understood, in behalf of 'sthe people,' as if drink were some dear sacred right, the; very palladium of liberty, purchased by their' lathers' blood, and brought comfort, joy, plenty, and' ppace to the poor man's dwelling. I need not say who the writer of that article was. Its temper, its personality} its unscrupulous, injustice betrayed tie grudge, and a smart of disappointment, which disclosed the author. But, in the article from the Surpriser, you perceive ' how tie ' Anti-alcoholic Society ' of llayborougli had quietly affected public opinion, in those few months, since the Woodroffes began to interest themselves personally in its progress. George, with Henry at first, until he was called away to continue his studies,' ' gging about among' the men themselves, often meeting them coming . from the bar ; giving them a friendly word of advice, getting them to join, by . patient reasoning, ' and often by the silent influence of kindness and firmness, and of the respect they bore him ; and then by constant sympathy, watchfulness, and encouragement, getting them to adhere to what they had undertaken. And Florence, by her gentle persevering love and tender ness, iwirrrflng the women to their side. George and Florence, helped on by the countenance and support of their father, had succeeded in organising a band} not merely, of Bbpe — but of absolute Victory. And the' members of this band— who were At first laughed . at, and now. you perceive (out of mere dislike to, avow ' absolute: conversion)' are styled' fanatics by the Sur prise!' — have, by the all- conquering power bf good1 conducttand comfort, brokendo Wiethe barrier bf pres. judicfVEo faT as ,t0 make theeditof write so favourably ' of, their cause, . ? .- j . - Of course, we guard ourselves, ' We are not our selves teetotallers ; V and we echo again that mighty flourish about the. , absurdity of affecting .social evils bylaw, whether prohibitive or permissive; for, do wenpt tSrculate among the wine-loving squires and large fanners of Southshire ? But on the whole, it ' was eyident; the Anti-alcoholic Society had made ah impiSBsion pn the editor and oh his readers. And why not, my friend! They were poor; huf; theri|it curtis not from their number, it might be re marked, that the police lists were filled, nor the streets .annoyed, nor the sessions supplied with pri soners, nor the poorhouse with inmates, nor home with brawls, 'nor the 'children with rags, nor the pawn- , office, with'pledgeBj nor' the air with curses; nbr the' ' asylum with' lunatics; and these -'ate powerful argu- 1 ments in their way even to those 'who' do not act upon ' them. *** '' » ' ' My friend, if ybu doubt your personal influence ih: , this ' cause, I say— persevere, and -it is secure.'' , It cannot he otherwise; those who ridicule and sneer, respect you iii: their very' hearts.' The arguments, of moliey -saved, health .preserved, temper even,, head elehjr, and hand steady, are always telling,, even when pefelq pretend, to ignore them. You have only to go on.,. It is upon your perseverance, under God, that this ' cause depends for its conquering public opinion, which , is rhe lever whereby to move the legislature. ? One'nf the members of the society, I may tell you, and one ofits.most active officers, was young Morris, who,, strange to . say, was nevertheless still, retained as foreman carpenter by Mr. Livermore ; partly be cause he -web the best man of his craft in the whole country, partly for another reason connected with the young jnari-s family. Another of the members was truly ' a brand-plucked from the burning' — Tom Itivers. lie had already made a new character Tor himself, he had been so steady. Tidiness and comfort again reigned in his house, andjliis wife lost all her haggard, sliiftless air of ?' There's no- use, and there is a curse in every thing.' These two members had been united by a family connexion, by the marriage of the young foreman to Sarah Rivers, the smart lady's maid ; the premoni tory symptoms of which hid been .evinced in the few ?words of repartee ventured on during the threatened rebellion in the servants' lial!, when the standard of revolt was inscribed with the monosyllable ' beer.' Morris owed to tliis happy alliance much of his steady adherence to the principles lie had adopted. He often remarked to his wile, by his ?tidy cheerful fireside, that now that lie once had tasted the plea sure of (his soi l of thing, even were he ,:iot an ab stainer, he could never . hear to sit among use smells and sights and sounds of a driidiing-house ; And be sure, the quick, aotive, loving little wife took good care that he never wanted plenty ol' what he called ' this sort of thing.' Now, on the day 'before the marriage, it so happened that Fmmb Fairbome had spent most of her time in . assisting Florence at arranging the more delicate por- J tious of the decorations of the hall and rooms for the day, while the gentlemen were busy at the heavier portion of the work, under their direction. But on; the last evening save one, these preparations were not in a sufficiently forward state, and that was the last day for completing them, as the rooms would be re quired on the morrow by the army of purveyors who were to set out the tables, and make all things ready for the feast. So it was resolved item. con. that George and Cecil, Florence and Emma, should remain up all night, and finish off ; avoiding being forbidden for their good, by saying nothing about their intention to the heads ; but allowing them quietly to retire, in utter uncon sciousness of the midnight wreathing, flower-making, laurel twisting, and motto tracing, which were m progress below. litis was not perhaps quite a commendable mode of escaping the charge of disobedience. But wedding times have their own casuistry; and, at all events, I cannot help it. So it was. It was necessary, as a preliminary, to quiet the fears of the servants in The Cottage, now established fully in its reputation of being haunted. A man must therefore 'be got to sleep there, while the mistress was away. Tom Itivers was entrusted with the duty. He performed it with some degree of pride of office — allowing himself no sleep, but continually patrolling the rooms, so that neither man nor spirit could escape his vigilance. Meanwhile, the work went on bravely. There did toot appear to be a hand too many or too few. The division of die labour was eminently natural— a lady and a gentleman to this parte— and again a gentleman and a lady to that. Twisting'&id; twining, each with each — hammering and tacking and tying ; stretching and climbing, on the part of. the gentlemen — manu- facture by lady's fingers of some delicate blossom to be act in'thb intersection of the'green. or on the points Of drooping, curves of. wreathed festoons.' Correc tions— laughing rehukcB for -hands' untrue in haste1 .'laughing!' I had almost' said 'loving,' for is it not a wedding, and one's thoughts naturally gravitate love-wards. And the hour— the opportunity, as well as past intercourse, .favour. And then there was the necessity, for consultation, for pleasant moments, aliput (the best' methods— the most apt adornments ; the earnest, way out of this difficulty, .of disposing of ?that, eye-sore— an interchange of taste, as to 'the effect of the ensemble, when the tiling was placed, -Add to tins a previous partiality, and a certainty of soon breaking up the intercourse which had .become eo pleasant; George to his ordination and, his; -cure ; Cecil to his life-wofe already begun, from which he had run hastily down for the. occasion.: It will not be difficult 'to conjecture the direction in which hearts irresistibly were led, on that might, whose hours seemed but too short — notwithstanding the watching and the labour ; such a charm of tenderness andhope b'ad'surrounded them with its witchery. , Yet, because, notwithstanding all that George could say, Emma Fairbome would skilfully parry it, — and was, in fact; ever pondering with herself how this' Wild hope of his might most effectually be laid still for ever— it happened that teratoid a crista, when their work was done,; and they .sat .criticising, its. effect; she turned his ' attention to the others, who were ju6t putting the finishing .touch to theirs. It was with an effort, and a. sigh, that he suffered his attention to be diverted; hut once his eye fell on the picture which her finger indicated, he was for die. time riveted ; forgetting Iris own desires, and, yearnings of heart— bis couiitmiauoe saddened for, his sister's! ' ' ~ . The picture was, as it were, of ' The Gardener's Daughter,' had her painter drawn aside the jealous veil by night — a living realisation of Tennyson's ex quisite ideal — but with a gloom of midnight deepening the shade, and the lamp -mellowing the light. But . the eyes were enlarged and darkened by the softer ray, and the figure framed in its own handiwork, c-therialized in the shadowy light ; as, not satisfied with Cecil's last attempt,— his thoughts having been somewhat diverted,— she stood up among the flowers on the seat he had left — to, give the final touch with her own hand. ? But Cecil would not cease. How was it possible that he should, now- that after many days doubt ing, and waiting, an -opportunity had come, and a conclusion was being put to the work and the oppor tunity at once, aud the dawn Would soon be redden ing in the East r , How should he r VYlien for those mouths of con flict with his 'secret enemy — loving her with all his nature, and believing she was the one safety for him— the' spell that,' like David's harp for Saul, would charm away the evil spirit from his life, he had shrunk back in dread ; lest, if itshould not be charmed away ' even by thi6 influence, he would only be bring ing the curse on the object of his love : remembering thetraek of light by which he had traced her foot steps of charity among the cottages of the poor, and the other that had first illuminated his own heart. Here, tb-night, side by side with her— sounding her. heart with tender words, and finding, he believed, the sign of what he sought, all Iris soul overflowing, all hesitation past, all doubts given way — why should he fear ? The very purity of her friendship (of her pre ference, he begins to dare to hope it may have been) — merely this, had been sufficient to ann him. already to many a successful struggle with his foe. And if in some instances he had succumbed, it was miicli that his had mot lately been ; mid it was due to this, even ivheri only a vagueliope, that lie fought at all. What could not this influence effect, if it could be won to fecircle him with the hold of its purity — his own— inly— for ever. , | On that night, at least — vitli its bridal accompani ments, with the very trappings of love around and above them, the very suggestions of love in die .work they shared— her power of sweet fascination was cer tainly, he thought, an antidote sufficient, permanent ; it could .'not fail. . There was 110 longer an obstacle — . he must speak.' I What it was, there was no other ear .to overhear ; ! ut while the. othei's looked, the 'flower ,ha^ dropped ?om the extended hand, and . . '? ' '??'She looked— but all . . Suffused with blushes, neither-self-possessed ' 'Nbreteirtled— but betwixt thisTnoo.d.audlhat^ . Divided ina. graceful -juiet,';:r . George only whispered, liLfeai' the word ? is said,' Sad, ere 'she stirred her lips fersome sweet answer,' e moved and, broke the'spell;- 1 1 ! The labour over, there remained now for Cecil only lepartfeg pressure of the ' hand, felt long after its withdrawal; and for George the new delight 'of a walk fote-a-fote to The Cottage, since Cecil had mosen to slip away— perhaps in dudgeon, perhaps too full of his own thoughts. ; ? J , I And George, as they went out again into the mom-, ilg. remembered'liow his spell had also been broken and sought how he might renew it!' He spoke of his ordination now near; of the parting that, yoiilcl ensue, . 6f 'the difficulty of ft to him, of the toils and . responsibilities of a ,London cure, of die loneliness of bearing, its burrien 'alone,' ''of the aid and comfort lie' he had learned to find in her! ; j She made ferioufatteiripts to stent this torrent, but it would flow on. ' And when it came to this, she, was overcome with tears, and with an energy strong as his. she loosened hcpself from him and exclaimed-r, [ : | ' i have 'tiiiecl ' to 'make you sensible that -this is madness.' I'enfreat you not tfespfe our friendship, which is the brightest feungtlLatreuiairis to me. . Let itjbe'asit'is, else rive must separate .for pier. /George tVoodroffe, you were,- strong to support me in my !utter wretchedness whu'n .I came here; arid I have, ifelt your strength, and liave been born up. Be strong in fhe Lord, and in the power of His might, to bear the burdens of your flock. Be wise to win souls. Be 'tender to the erring and the weak. Be terrible to the high- hav.ded blasphemer, And first of all, man yourself to shake off' this illusion. Let it be as. if it . never was.' ' Such au alarming paleness overspread his face, aud iso deeply did the iron of disappointment enter into his soul, as to liave astonished her, who liad never known till now, hmv far she had become endeared to this man. Knowing it to be impossible 011 her side, she gave herself to intimate friendship, without giv ing a thought to the possibility on his. And now she blamed herself — wept with seif-rcproach that she had not revealed at once the clue to her past life, however pa'Afti! ; since, at least, it would liave prevented this. She took both hands, and looking gravely into his downcast face, added — ' I have done wrong — I would do anything to light myself with you — above all, to spare you that pain which is as painful to me. - From the moment you . once fainted to me delicately of ' human help,' I began to suspect something 01 it, but not its depth. As I . then promised you to have a conversation with Florence about JTr. Cecil, I hoped, when the oppor tunity came, to let her know, for your sake, and for heirs, the cause which sounds the ' Never — never,' to this ill-earn, however harsh it may be. 'What we saw to-night makes it necessary to hasten the inter view. It shall be to-morrow. You shall afterwards ? know why. And when you have learned it — however justly you may blame me for »nt revealing it before tifis came — you will at least acknowledge, whatever ittnay cost you to wench this idea from your heart, it is but'light in comparison with the anguish which, has t mattered priue,' . He stood unmoved — desolate— dissatisfied, } i „ '.Must I speak it now?' she thought; but, with the thought, there appeared right in her path — dis- hevelled — breathless— panting— scared — the tempo rary custodian of her Penates — Tom Rivers. There was no use in questioning him, it Soon appeared, for lie would not listen., He effectually aroused George by his absurd demeanour and extraordinary report. . 'Oh! Master George, it's true — not a lie in it — but it is huunted. I never believed in such things before ; always laughed at them, aud if 1 drank any thing I could not doubt but it was that — like the day you found me in the horrors — hut I did not, and I saw him with my eyes as plain as I see you.' Mrs. Fairbome looked terribly frightened during the utterance of this strange string of sentences; but George attributed her nlarm to apprehension of Hirer's sobriety or sanity ; and he merely gave her ; his arm. ' IVI10 did you mean by him ? 'Was there anybody attempting to get into the cottage ?' ' Stop, and I'll tell you, sir. I didn't go to bed at all, but patrolled the rooms every hour, with my candle in my left hand, and the poker in my right. All went well, hour by hour, until I began to laugh to myself atthe women'sloolishness, that made them throw up their good places, and give the house a bad name, : with their fancies. When I went round my watch 1 at 12 o'clock, I was a little cautiouB or so— that being j the time when such things are about — at least so j they say.' , ; j ' Ah 1 Rivers, don't be tedious; tell us what you | thought you saw.' . j 'Thought! Iwishitwas. I went into the draw- 1 ing-room, holding my candle 1 out before me towards' the hay window, and thiere was nothing there. But; ;ivhen I turned out the door again, I thought 'I heard', a scratching; and thinking it the cat, I turned round to send her away, when — there facing me,, as he faced - me the night he questioned me like a judge in .the j bid library— I eaw him.' , . , , , . . ; 'Saw whom?' - j The doctor— ^or not himself, but his. ghost— Tor j his ..fine black whiskers , were gone — -his. face lpng, 1 drawn out,. and xyhitel apd he talked . like the hollow ' moan, of the . dead when he. said The one words 'Rivers '—And vanished; .and he to haunt the Cottage, ?. Mr. George?: 'What brings his uneasy Bpirit there? ; If I saW iiim in the bid library 'twould be reasonable. ? ?I ton to tell you, sir, as soon as he was gOne. I couldn't sleep. / . ' '.,,1 ! . All this time George felt' the pressure -oh iris arm more fmdhiore heavy— until at length;he was .obliged i to support hei' With both, arms, arid call Rivers to his aid.' After! a while. she rallied sufficiently to be able to walk w ith only cue arm; and Rivers hastened home. . 1 '' My dear friend,' he whispered, ' eince I am not allowed more, these reports convince me that you are : subject to the - annoyance of some burglar, or other unwelcome visitor. You are alone. Oh! that I could claim the right ; to protect you. Can it ! never be ? ' j ?'Hush!' she stud, pointing to the marriage ring I 011 her finger.' ' It is my .living, husband that ; haunts my cottage. The rest' you must learn from j Florence.;' ' . 