CONTINENTAL. FRANCE. After endless rumours the resignation of the Cabinet was announced on the 28th. Nearly all the late elections have been declared valid. Parliamentary parties have fallen into hopeless i confusion, owing to loudly expressed dissatisfac- tion with the abuse of her influence by the Empress, who ceases to take a prominent part in politics. Count Chambord issued a manifesto on the present state of France, declaring that hereditary monarchy is only a harbour of refuge. Guizot asserts that Parliamentary government can alone insure the effective alliance of order with liberty. The public finances are reported to be in a very flourishing condition. Protectionist agitation is provoking the organised action of free traders. Traupman's. trial causes great excitement. 15,000 persons applied to be present. He was pronounced guilty and sentenced to death. The formation of a new Cabinet is entrusted to Ollivier. The Emperor, by a letter, requested him to select persons who can with himself form a homogeneous Cabinet faithfully representing the Legislative majority. Personal government appears to have surrendered, and the basis of the Parliamentary regime is laid. SPAIN. Prim obstinately adheres to the candidature of the young Duke of Genoa despite the opposition of his family and friends. Constitution guarantees are restored. The strength of the army is fixed at 80,000. A commission has been appointed to inquire into the disappearance of the Crown jewels. During the Christmas recess Ministers have 1 gone on a hunting expedition to the mountains of Toledo, accompanied by a strong guard. Two Republicans compromised in the late rising have been executed. Salnerno, ex-Minister for Finance, was stabbed by a former colleague from revenge. The sale of Church and National property has been resumed. . - PORTUGAL. ' " The Government is becoming unpopular and weak ; Duke Saldanha, a popular military chief, aged 90, attacking the Ministry. An insurrection appeared imminent, and the War Minister resigned. ITALY. The Ministerial crisis has at length terrain ' nated by Laugar constructing a Cabinet. Sweeping Ministerial reforms are promised, but additional taxes are foreshadowed. The disbandment of 464 000 men is rumoured. Considerable excitement has been produced by the dissolution of a congress at Naples held in opposition to the Ecumenical Council. Several countries were represented by de- parties The Loan Council meets next September in Switzerland. Forty lives were lost by an inundation of the Arno at Pisa. Santa Maura has been totally destroyed by an earthquake. The Ecumenical Council opened on the 8th, amidst gloom, rain, booming of cannon, and peeling of the bells of 360 churches. 800 ecclesiastics were present and thousands of spectators. The order of service was mass, the in- augural discourse by the Archbishop of Iconium, the Papal benediction, the homage of members of the Council to the Pope, and to the Holy Ghost, and a Te Deum for subsequent sittings were with closed doors. Already there are reports of dissension and intrigues amongst the Fathers, and a strong opposition of French, German, and American bishops to the dogma of infallibility, but subtle measures are taken by the Pope and his Jesuit advisers to stifle discussion by remitting obnoxious subjects to safe committees. The Bull communicated at the second meeting has occasioned surprise and indignation. If the infallibility project is insisted on a great disruption is probable. The Council is expected to sit for six months. The French ambassador has warned the Pope of the probable consequences of his high- handed proceedings. One Cardinal is dead. It is conjectured that Cardinal Manning will be the next Pope. GERMANY. Bille, who shot the Rev. M. Henriot during the service at Berlin Cathedral, was sentenced to twelve years' hard labour. Count Bismarck has returned to Berlin. The abolition of the newspaper stamp duty is promised. AUSTRIA. The Reichsrath was opened by the Kaiser on the 13th December. There was undue reserve in his speech in compliance with the wish of the Ministry, v, who are divided. The minority asked lease to resign. An interview with the King of Prussia is fixed for January 15th, at Angela. The Dalmatian insurgents are making submission. RUSSIA. An expedition has been sent from St. Petersburg to discover means of connecting the Caspian and Aral Seas. An understanding has been arrived at between Russia and the British Governments respecting the Central Asia question. Cholera rages in Russia. TURKEY. The Egyptian question is said to be settled. The Khedive having accepted the conditions of the Sultan's firman, no fresh loans are to be contracted or taxes imposed without the Sultan's sanction. 