A DAY AT CROXTOU-PAB.K. by Peepikg'to'm. 4' The sky was clear, no friendly blonds ob scured the scorching rays of the-tun, 'which rendered Croxton-Park last SafarAay de cidedly hot - - Cool days are the exception this summer, -and racing with the thermometer. at 140deg. is following amusement under diffi culties. Croxton-paik ' hostelry, formerly known astbe fled JIdnse. lieSaboutfour Utiles out of town on thproad 'to Prebtoni, tjud the racecourse in: the rear of 'the premises is situated in <^uite a tmly rural part' of the eoun^; - The hasy mode of, access "by 'bus and cab Ought to have made it . a favourite resort of %ejiw®lic/bufc ajooire now it has not .receised that patroa age which its w^U- appointed appurtenances and good •• the exciting finishes the close racing afforded. -Having arrived some time before the business of the afternoon commenced, I took a stroll among the Brahma-peotras, Dorking, and game fowls, imported by the proprietor, and a fine lot of birds they are. I was somewhat astonished at the prices given for young chicks, and imagine that fowl-breeding is not a bad little gam a I had not long to wait however before the sound of the first bell intimated that the play on the racecourse was about to commence. The well-filled bill of fare was sufficiently tempting to induce a good attendance in the saddling paddock, principally composed of the regular lialntufy of the turf, who, during the running of the different events, moderately filled the grand stand, and there was a fritN sprinkling of ladies amongst the company. The other Sarts of the course, however, were all bat eserted—the outside public, I suppose, not caring to risk a stroke of the sun. The ring was well represented, notwithstanding the dull state of the betting market, the members going about shaded by white umbrellas bawling the odds, and a fair business was done in a small way. The opportunity was not allowed to Blip without passing off some Geelong "goods" at most tempting prices, the two handicaps, and the Hurdle Race and Steeplechase being dabbled in pretty freely. All the 10 coloured on the card, ex cept Mr. Arthur's Lilly, put in an ap pearance. This filly was on the ground, bnt on the road out she took fright at a calf, and shying suddenly, lamed herself in the shoulder. This was a most unfortunate occurrence, for Lang had got her into fine _ buckle, and she looked a much-improved animal to what she was in the Oaks at Flemington this spring. There was a bit of a rush to get on Bishop's Werryman, as he was reported a " good thing," but he took his canter so slovenly that the bet ting veered round in favour of Pablo Fanqae, who was brought out in Dan. Robison's best style, and his long bounding action gained him many friends, who popped it on at 2 to 1. Jellet's Hotspur did not look badly, as he seemed to bave had a little more elbow grease bestowed on his coat than usual. Waldock's Nancy showed some breeding; and no wonder, for she is by Athos, out of Mavournecn; bnt unfortunately, like a great many of that horse's produce, there is too little of her, and in trying to keep up with her superiors she went lame in the round bone. The sooner she is turned out the better it will be for Waldock's corn-bin, for she is only eating her head off to no purpose. I saw nothing else worthy of note. The race was interesting until they arrived at the distance, when Pablo wished the lot good-bye, cantered in the easiest of winners by several lengths. This brought him into notice for the Croxton-park Handi cap, and he was selected for that race, coupled with others for the Selling Handicap, at 15 to 1, but a little bird whispered to me that he could not stay two miles, and I re frained from touching what I would other wise have considered a most likely result. The Selling Handicap was the next race, and all the eight on the card had a "go in." with the view of finding new masters. There was no particular favourite, and 3 to 1 on the field was the cry from the ring. *' Whichever you please, my dears ; you pay your money, and take your choice." The lame No Surren der was backed by the followers of the bine, yellow, and red, who thonght it was Dan's day out, and that there were more unlikely than that be should pull off the four principal events. The grey Charlie had also some friends amongst those who saw him perform at Castiemaine, bat they were Boon put in " the hole," as Charlie objected to his rider, and backed him off atthestart, and after running half way round with the other horses, he made towards a gateway, but meeting with an impediment in the shape of a pointed rail, he stupidly ran full tilt against it, and made such a large bole in his body that he gave up the ghost soon after.. Chieftain was | fancied because he was a New Warrior, and looked shiny in his coat, although big in his carcase; and Mr. Cleeland's little Sunrise was much admired for her beauty, and fine condition,and as Steve Hahon led her by the bead to the starting-post, many imagined that, another Shenandoah of a different colour was going to be brought to light, but a mile and a " bittock " saw the end of her tether, as she threw up the sponge about 300 yards from home, ana bad to give Jack Tar and Chieftain brat np the straight Jack Tar, who was the favourite, owing to the clipping way in which he cut down Miss Constance in their late match, made a writing race of it with his top weight* and the lot closed together before they entered the straight, when the Tar and Chieftain saw it otjt to the end. Jack polishing off Waldock's cheanut by a length. We, that's to say a few friends, now retired to an excellent luncheon pro vided by the hostess of the hotel, after which the race of the day, or, more tnrfily speaking, the pied de resutance, was brought off. Out of the seven entries Toryboy was tbe only { absentee, and I heard no reason given for his non-appearance. Mr. J. B.'s Zephyr was the only horse not backed ; and Sportsman, Koyston, Moonbeam, Warrior, and Pablo . Fangue bad each a host of partisans, who supported their favourites at from 5 to 2 to x4 to 1, Sportsman starting at the shortest figure. The lot were turned out in tbeir Sunday at tire, all looked as fit as fiddles, Moonbeam coming in for tbe greatest share of admire tionas being a much improved animal from what he was when Pablo dressed him down for the Maiden Plate at a previous meeting. The race was most interesting, as the excite ment in tbe stand showed. A greater fnss could not have been made over a Melbourne Cup, Moonbeam was most patiently ridden by Mitchell, who-won pretty easily in the last 50 yards. The littlebixd was quite right as to Monsieur Fsoque, for when he had cut out tbe running for a mile mid half, he re tired in favour of Moonbeam, who was closely xamed to theend by Sportsman and Warrior, the last named pulling up dreadfnlly tired and lame Royston is not the horse that the . notorious Ward took him for when he so :., dustily claimed him at Ballarot for £125, phny over the \«*niuiy could be got for him now. Prentice ■ykp was made very hot for tbe next event, tbe Northcote Plate, a spin for half a mile; thfc &allaret; Nuisance was absent, «p three Only contested. . Two aaq 3 to 1 waalridppran ' a tlfgbt reaction took place in favpur of Pro iection. The Prentice had the bast of it to • tbe distance, and ^^^bavogotfirst if he, k«>t wide, .^Protection, tokingad van ' ' the. inviting track, nisbed through the young un" by a length, ifcnteredior jostling, but when I two guineas was demanded the ftdecifned to . risk faU money, it was riot ontertriued., Seven ail tbe wny, and ribto .#;■ lengths, Chieftain wasi Preatioe Soy next in. J colt ran fast to the distance, but straggled home with Hotspur, and just beat him by a head for second place. A protest was en tered against the winner as having no right to run in the Maiden Plate, but it was subsequently withdrawn. A hack race, for which seven entered, wound up a most er " ' Tin celleut afternoon's sport. The manage ment was as efficient as usual, and Mr. Watson was extremely fortunate in starting. 