LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF THE' WESLEYAN CHUECH, KYNETOtf. The interesting ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the Wesleyan Church, Kyneton, was performed yesterday, in the reserve belonging to that body. Avery large number of persona, incloding many ladies, chiefly members of the congregation, attended to witness the proceedings. The afternoon was, fortunately, very fine, though eold, and towards the end of the ceremony most people were tolerably well chilled. A platform was erected, from which the various speakers delivered addressee, etc; and upon it were the Rev Mr Welle, chairman of the district; the Rev Mr Usher, superintendent ef the Kyneton distriot; Mr Bond ; and Mr S G King, to whom was entrusted the dnty of laying the stone. The REV MB USSHEB opened the proceedings with a short and appropriate address, after which the assemblage sang ths hyinn : — •« Thou who halt in Zion laid The true foundation-stone " Mn BOND then offered up a prayer, and The REV ME USSHER read the 133rd Psalm Mr S G KING then proceeded to lay the foundation-stone. Before doing 60, however, a oopy of the document deposited in the memorial-stone was read, together with a list ot the other papers, and entombed therein for the information of posterity. The scroll read/as follows:— This- Scroll Was deposited beneath the Memorial Btone of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, , v . Kyneton. tyheu lud by Samuel Grey King, Esq. on Wednesday the eleventh day of May A.D 1670 Being the Thirty-third year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Yictnria. His Excellency the Kight Honourable Yiecouut Canterbury, Being Governor-in-ohief and Vice Admiral of Victoria. The Revd George Hurst, President of the Australasian Wesleyan Conference. The Revd W. P. Wells. Chairman of the Sandhurst and Castlemaine District, The Revd P. R. O. Ussher, Superintendent of the Kyneton Circuit. TRUSTEES. Messrs Thomas Abbey, Jabez Chambers, Joseph Rogers, William Southern, and William Ward. BUILDING COMMITTEE. Messrs Thomas Abbey, Henry J Cur, J&bez; Chambers, George W Johnson, Samuel Kelley, Joshua Morris, Joseph Rogers, Richard Rogers, William lingers, Thomas Lister, William Southern. William Ward, Anthony Watson, John Watson, Joseph Watson. Edwin Weeks, William Weeks, Heery Weyman, aud William H Woods. ARCHITECTS. Messrs Crouch and WiUon, of Melbourne. BUILDEE- Mr Waiter Bower. Vivat Regina. The following papers were also deposited with tbe scroll:—Wesleyan Chronicle, April 20ih, 1870 ; KyncSmi Observer, April 28th ; Kyrudon Guardian. April 27th ; Argus, May lOtb ; Age, May 10th ; Daily Telegraph, May 10th, and the Kyneton Circuit Plan for the second quarter of 1870. Mr S. G KING then, with the usual formalities, laid tbe stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and having performed his task, congratulated those present npon the good work iu which they were engaged. The building of places for Divine worship was a work which would greatly influence tba future of the colony. In the present age civil and religions liberty was enjoyed—liberty which had been fought for and won by preceding generations. The only way to stcare these blessings in perpetuity was by laying at the present time a firm understratum of religion. Nothing else would preserve them. Edaeation alone would not do so, thougb he would like to see every man and every woman thoroughly edacated. The speaker alluded to the position of France, perhaps tbe best educated country ef Europie, but for ever seething and tossing in fierce political strife. With free institutions, Victoriaus were in great danger of shifting and changing, but if religion were established upon a firm basis all fear would be an end. The REV ME WELLS nest addressed the concourse, and slated his great happiness in being present upon sucli un occasion, lie had long deBired to see the Wesleyans of Kyneton in a better place of worship, and now, from all appearances, there was every hope of that. Mr Wells then gave a most interesting and instructive sketch of tbe rise and progress of Wesleyan Methodism, and the labours of its founder—John Wesley. He alluded to the great spread of the sect, and the real daiies which lay before it in all parts of the world. Another hymn was then sung, after which The REV MB USSHEH pronounced the benediction, the proceedings elosed, and the assembly separated The new chnrch, which is to be built from designs by Messrs Crouch and Wilson, architects, Melbourne, is in the early Gothio style, and, when completed, will be a positive ornament to tbe town. It will be built entirely of stone will be fifty-two feet in length, and thirty-two feet in width. The contractor is Mr Bower. The cost of the new structure will be eleven hundred pounds, but we have heard Borne talk ot increasing the length of tbe building. 