ALIVE IN .THE DEAD-HOUSE. TmE San Francisco Alta California gives an account of;the experience of a German who was 'supposed to have died in the 'city,-and"'whose body was immediately removed and placed in the dead-house attached to the hospital in which he had been under treatment ;-" The body was deposited ima case where two other bodies had already been placed, and between them. The cover was put on and the keeper of the dead-house retired for the night. About midnight aloud screaming and yelling of the most unearthly charac ter was heard in the dead-house. The keeper of the dead-house was sought after, but, "being aware of what he was required to do, he sought concealment, preferring to let the ghosts fight it out among themselves rather- than attempt to become peace-maker. When at last he was prevailed upon to proceed to the dead-house and open the door, the ghostly form of the.German, whose life had been a few hours previously pronouneed ex tinct,: and who had been dressed in the robes of the dead, stood before him. The keeper fainted outright, while the terri fled German rushed headlo'ng through the 'long halls and corridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as he went; Some more courageous than the rest caught and arrested him in his frantic career, and the next instant the poor Ger man fell on the floor in a fit. .The physi cian was sent for, and restoratives used, by which he was restored to consciousness How he felt when he returned to con sciousness wegive as he told ithimself i " Yell, yven I got sick-and vas in bed that day the doctor came to me and said 1 vas very sick. He -vent avay, and after he vent I. fell asleep. I knew nothing more till I: yoke in de night, and there vas no light. I put out my hand, and I could get no bed clothes, for I vas cold. I den put my hand to vone side to try for the bed clothes, and och, vat you tink I got -vy a ded man I Dere he vos, cold enough sure: I roared mid all the power I had, and vas going avay by. the other side, ven, sure; I put my hand on another. Then I roared, and called, and cried out all I could, and ven I vas getting up my head struck a board that vas covering me. 'Oh,' said; I, ." vot does this all mean, vere am I? Am I ded ?' and I roared and bawled, and threw off the cover and jumped about as if I vas mad. And I knocked at the door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would open it-for me, and I thought I vas ded myself. I vas not sure. I had the ded mai's dress on me. At last the door opened, and ven I looked at the man vat opened it he fell down mit fear, and Iran till I vas caught. Then I fainted, and ven I come to myself I thought it vas a dream. But it is as true as I am her e." A FASTING GIL,---The Otago. Dacly Times of the 27th ultimo has the follow ing, by which it would seem as though New Zealand possessed a " fasting girl" :-A singular case of trance has oc curred at Maungatua, the subject being a young woman, about nineteen years of age, the daughter of Mr Ross, farmer. It appears that she has been occasionally subject to violent fits for about two years *past, 'and since the new year has been confined to bed. During the time that has elapsed since then, she has taken, no. nourishment, with the exception of an occasional drink,. and during the thirty days preceeding the 23rd instant (the date of our information) she has remained in a trance, apparently without feeling. she cannot be wakrned, but his made to swallow a spoonful of liquid every forty eight hours. The only sign of -life -is.the heaving of the chest. She has been visi ted by three medical men, but all their efforts to arouse her to a state of con sciousness have proved unsuccessful. SINGULAR AND PAINFUL ACCIDENT. On Thursday: last (the Tamnworth Exami ner reports) -Mr- Saunders, postmaster, met with a very severe accident, by which he'had been deprived of his sight ever smce, but hopes are entertained that his sight will be in a few days restored. It appears that Mr Saunders was making some chemical preparations, and in a phial containing mercury he had put a small quantity of nitric acid, and corked the bottle. Mrs Saunders had the phial with the mixture in her hands, and with two or three of her children were witness ing the various hues and colours which the mixture displayed. Suddenly Mr Saunders noticed something wrong in the mixture, and- took the phial from Mrs Saiunders's hand, when, immediately it burst, and the whole of the chemical contents were blown into Mr Sanders's face, and over his hands ; a few drops fell also upon Mrs Saunders and the children. Mr Saunders was immediately struck blind, suffering the most excrutiating pain. He gothis face washed with sweet oil, and was at. once led to Dr. Tarbolton's sur gery, where prompt measures were taken to 'kill the effects of the poison. The pain was relieved, and although Mr Saunders's face is very much disfigured and swollen, yet it is hoped that his eyesight is not permanently injured, although it is not expected that he will recover it tor some days. SINGULAR CASE OF POISONING AT DRAYTON.-The Drayton correspondent of the Darvling Dozwns Gazettereports the following case: --Mr John Hannay, step son of Mr Henry, of Drayton, died from the effects of poison on Sunday last in a very strange manner. The deceased had been very much respected in the town, and had been married but one week when his death occurred. A magisterial inquiry was held by the police magistrate on Monday last, and from the evidence of Mr John W. Henry it appears that.the deceased had been on a visit to him. On Sunday morning, the 10th instant, de ceased lay late in bed, as he professed that he did not feel well. About eleven o'clock on the morning of the same day, as Mr and Mrs Henry were in the milk ing-yard, the deceased came and sat down on the grass, after remarking tohis mother that the cows looked very well. A few minutes afterwards the deceased's brother William, who was sitting beside him, him, called out to his mother that there was something wrong with Johnny, and upon Mr Henry going to where hlie was lying he found him in convulsions. Dr Armstrong was immediately sent for, and pronounced the deceased to be suffering from the effects of strychnine. The de ceased was nineteen years of age, and had been employed as stockman at Eton Vale, 'and had been married about a week before rto Mary Ann M'Hugh. The deceased had several lucid intervals during the day, and said very often he waa done for, although he stated nothing leading to the: conclu- o sion' that lhe had destroyed' himself.--. , Thomas Davis deposed that he had visi- J ted the' deceased about three o'clock'on E the evening of the 10th, and asked him 1 how the affair had occurred. Thedeceased s replied that he had had a bottle of s strychnine in his pocket, and that theo 1 cork must have got out and some of the. 1 strychnine got on the tobacco Which he I was in the habit of chewing.-Daniel I Neale said he 'saw the -deceased at the a Bull's Head Hotel 'on Saturday- night. i During the evening the deceased had :' 1 dispute with his brother-in- law, John .I M'Hugh, on the verandah of the hotel, 4 which- lasted for about ten minutes, but they returnied to the hotel as friendly as ever. --The deceased was -quite sober during the evening, having drank only three glasses of- gin.-Mary Ann Hanihay, wife of the deceased, said that she was married- at Toowoomba, on the 3rd in stant, and went on the same day to Eton Vale. On Thursday. morning, previous to the deceased s'arting for .Toowoomba, the witness found a bottle of strychnine in his pocket, which she asked him. to leave with her, but he refused, and said he would give it .to the storekeeper. .The deceased then went over to the stockyard, and when he returned he said' he had given it to Harry Wilmington. He said he had got the strychnine from a shep nerd named Reely on the run. The de Sceased, when leaving on Thursday morn ing, said he. was going for two of Sande man's horses, and- would be back that' night. The witness said she had often found strychnine in deceased's pockets, l as he used it for poisoning native dogs. He never said to. her that the cork got out of the bottle. The case was adjurned for further evidence. A good story reaches us from Fiji. A well-known gentleman, formly of Tuape ka, but at present in Fiji, attracted the admiration of King Cako Bau by his great height and powerful, proportions. The chief, seeing him in the public: room of the hotel, fixed himself at his- side to measure their respective heights, but found his own stately form overtopped by a couple of inches. He then commen ced feeling the arms and mucles of our TuapekalHercules, andfinally put his arms around his waistin what appearedto show a desire to test their respective: strength. At least it was so understood by Mr CJ----, who responded' to the challenge by lifting. the old chief as easily and in the .same- way as a nurse would a child, ands depositing 'him gently in a sitting posture on the floor. C?ako Bau got up with a grunt and. considerable signhs, of tempel', but at last consented to take a glass' of ale and make friends:. Next . day Hercules happenedto go cut ;- .tL.rg with a party of ladies. On their return they were landed in the dingy, leaving our friend and two other gentlemen to be sent for.': It was flood-tide 'and getting dark" when Cako Bau,- seeing his chance, "tabued" the boat. Of course, no native then' dared :.to touch it. M- r C-- and his friends, tired'of :waiting for the dingy's *return, and unconscious of the cause of the delay, and no help for it, but were obliged to spoil knew clothes and dare the sharks' by jumping overboard :and: swim ming to the shore. The style of revenge showed humour, and as Fijimen respect nothing so highly as physical force;pluck, and good temper- qualities possessed by Mr (---- in a high, degree-w.e shall probably hear that this little incident has led to a good understandiug between them. ' How THEY MAKE BRIGANDs.-Adnmiral Hobart Pasha; late Captain: Pasha, of thel English fleet, gives the following account of how 700 brigands were imported into Greece :-During the time I .was com- manding the Turkish fleet off Syria,taking care of the far-famed Enossis and 'her companions, a Turkish line-of-battle ship arrived having 'on board the celebrated i Spartan Chief Petropoulaki and his band, who, having given themselves up in Crete,. were sent away to be launched onGreek territory. As these people had been allowed to retain their arms, it became a serious question as to where they should be landed. The old chieftain told me that 600 of them were his own immediate fol lowers, who, he said, had invaded Orete from purely patriotic motivces; that they had been disappointed in the aid they had expected from without,&c.; He told me also that there were with him about S700 more, whom he would in no way own or be responsible for, as they were mostly liberated from the galleys and elsewhere in Greece, who, having undertaken to risk their lives in the Cretan moun tains, were carefully "seen out of the country," and sent to be educated as bri gands (so called insurgents) in Crete. Almost on his hands and knees he begged me not to allow these ruffians to land armed, and his intreaties were supported by a deputation from the town authorites, who, for the moment, dropping the inso lent that they had always used towards me, most humbly asked me not to pay off old scores by letting loose the jail birds armed among them. I believe it was proposed that they should retnrn to jail, but the pariots did not seem to ap Spreciate the idea. The end of this was that a Greek man-of-war took them away and, I believe, distributed them in dif i ferent parts of the kingdom, thus forming the nucleus of well-trained and well armed brigands all over Greece; thus we I account for 700 Greek brigands. It may be asked what could be.done with these people ? To that I would: reply, why I were they let loose ? S.THE LIQUOR TRLADF.-.-The Town and Country Journal notices a curious point of law .which was, raised: at. thile late .Coomna District Court._before his Honoi' Judge MeFarland in an action -Hain -and Son 'v. W?gner. Plaintiffs ;:were store keepers, 'of Cooma; and the defendant a* shepherd employed uponi a station distant seventeen miles froin that town, and who had for some time kept an account with Messrs. Hain. The amount claimddiwas for godds sold andi delivered, and among the items were several ;charges for grog. supplied to the defendanthin less- quanti ties than. two gallons.-. .His Honour. held that these-were illegal.demands, iniismich. as the provisions of.. the Publicans'. Act denied the right of the publican to de mand such ,payrment except in cases of bona fidetravellers. ,The statute in ques tion was framed.with a view of. prevent ing drunkeness ; but by supplying drink in this way no man was preventedl from .. getting liquor at a public-house, and get ting drunk a short distance away. The defendant :co'uld not be regarded as a traveller. If a person came -to a public ;house;: got a meal, :or; stabled his ;horse, and had drink whilst in the house; then the landlord could sue that person: for any amount due for such accommodation.. But if lie merely came to the publichouse and got any quantity of drink less than two gallons over the counter, the publican. could not, under the provisions :of "the. Act, recover for the liquor so: supplied. Mr Lipscombe, the plaintiff's attorney, upon: hearing this dictum, submitted this not unnatural query : "Then,. your Honour, a traveller may, on that principle, go into a public-house, call for and obtain a bottle of brandy, and refuse to pay for it, and yet retain the bottle of 'brandy I": His Honbur. replied, that he was scarcely sure on that point, but lihe. was under-the impression that a traveller could so act. If the personitook the drinik away from the house, the pblican' could not recover for that drink. ' The question was.one :of. great. interest to= publicans, and also:- to . persons- situated as the :defendant: was. He (the learned judge) would therefore. consult the Chief Justice and other autho rities; and in the meantime reserve ,his decision.: - Mr Lipscombe's question must eitherhave been misreported, or he must have made a slight verbal, misstatement. A "traveller.".'as his Honour had .pre-,: I viously pointed out, would be'liable to a publican for iliquor so supplied. : The -:. point, however, is certainly a curious one; andl if- the learned judge's theory-be cor- . Srect; the Publican's Act must be some -what eccentric in its operation. On the one hand while drunkenness in -private' houses (where it is generally uhderstood: F people may act as they choose,: provided they do not annoy their neighbours) is. checked, inteminperance coram priblico 'in. the face of the world at the bars of public houses is perfectly admissible, and under. legal sanction; and while a respectable'. person who desires to obtain a bottle of . spirits for family use is either to have the equity of a swindle or .is not to be'sup plied; at- all, a " traveller "-which may, 1 and in the majority of cases will; mean a "sundowner ' or '":swagman," (i.e: one.of h the most reputable vagabonds on:the face - of 'the eai-rth)-may purchase as: much liquor as he likes. -:-This; it may:be said, is pushing the argument to an absurdity; but it :is' only by reducing a question, to b its lowest level-that we can : arrive: at' a deduction: upon its ;merits.' It;is; to be . behoped we shall hear of an authoritative 1 decisionhavingbeenarrived uponthe point , DISCOVERY OF ,HUMAN R~EMAINS.-A staitling rumour (says'the Southern Cross of the 7th instant), that was soon after-: 1 'ai:ds'enlarged by certain hideous acces 'sions;i became current in the town of. t Shortlandyesterday afternoon, and- hinted at--nothing less than either murder foul . and .innatural, or some milder form of , homicide. It was reported that the head-; r less body of- a man had been discovered: some six or seven miles up the Kauwae 1 ranga Valley, and that the remains : were comparatively fresh-certainly not more than a-fortnight old, and that death had evidehtly been produced'by decapitation,' as-the head, cleanly severed from thebody, was found some yardsdistantfrom it. . The discovery was reported to the police by Mr Duncan, he having first received in timation of it from a native, who, I hear, knew of the fact on Monday, and camne to Stown to .report it, 'but could not made (himself understood, or find any one to act as interpreter for him. When I came to Ssift the fact, it became apparent that a very large margin of exaggeration had to r be allowed for. A body-or the remains of one--had been found, it is true, but so ftr advanced in decomposition that recog Snition was next to impossible. Sergeant SLloyd, of the armed constabulary, stated Sthat his informant described it as being " all to pieces," and that the garments i which once clothed it were rotten. The Sremains were lying upon a blanket, as if i the unfortunate fellow, whoever he may have been, had laid himself down and died, first, however, divesting himself of a part of his clothing, his boots and socks r being found hanging on a bush close by. SNo suspicion of foul play is entertained Sby the police. Ax IncWIEDT.P-On Wednesday night con stable Teulan (reports the Western Examiner) arrested a man in the act of throwing wood over the jail fence. On Thursday he was brought before the Police Magistrate, when a friend stepped forward, lelieving, perhaps, Sthat he-would get both off, and said that it was he who stole the wood. Both were ordered 3 to jail on remand. On Friday " triend" pleaded . guilty, and was fined 20s., and the real culprit Snot guilty. He, however, was declared more r guilty than the other, and was fined 0SOs. SPr ined andpublised . John Gale, a?s? roprieter, at Ahis off?ee, Rutltedge - treet, .qunbalyan, in the Scolony ef Nvew Bout Wales. 