: SPIRITISM: An interesting lceturo waa delivered last evening, in the Independent Church, Lons dale-street, by tho llev. A. Gosman, on Spiritism. The lecture, which was in aid of tho funds of the Church Mutual. Imcrove mont Association, was but moderately at tended, tho church being less than half full. It was, however, listened to with great at tention, and elicited considerable applause ; the lecturer, at tho close of his discourse, being accorded a hearty vote of thanks. Tho reverend gentleman, in opening tho sub ject, referred to the attention which the ques tion of spiritism was at present attracting is all parts of the world, particularly in America, where it numbered its followers not by thousands, but even by the million. He wished to Bpeak to the meeting on the sub ject bosauso it was ono to the study of which, from a variety of causes, he had devoted a good deal of attention. A reason why he took a considerable interest in the matter was that spiritism, as it was promulgated by somo persons, came so close in its claims to their commoa Christianity, that it behoved him to look into its claims to be considered in tho light of a new religion. In tho pre sent day, when there was such a decided tendency to regard tho Christian religion as old and unsuited to tho requirements of tho time, there was, ho regarded, a tendency displayed towards holding up spiritism in the placo of the old religion, as something to be belioved. Under these circumstances it was wise to investigate its claims, and if it was found to be such as could be received, then it might be adopted ; but, if not, then it would be wise of all to 3tick to tho religion they had got. Like ouo who was involved in a crowd nnfc nf which ho could not extricate himself, the lecturer had been drawn into the considera tion of tho subject of spiritism ; and as ono on whom devolved the duty of instructing othors in metaphysics, he felt impelled to in vestigato the subject, and analyse its claims. He had felt it necessary to say 'this to explain why he, a minister, had been found dabbling in something which some might regard as picking up an acquaintance with familiar spirits. The lecturer then went on to quote tho various definitions of tho word given by tho leading lexicographers of tho world. ' Theso definitions he regarded as throwing but little light on the subject. He ~ regarded the term as signifying an hypothesis which ascribed a certain class of phenomena to tho influenco of sunernafcurnl .afronnina. It was admitted by everyone that there was a certain class of facts which peoplo generally said did not happen by tho agency of man, but by the active operation of some supernatural agency; By this he meant to say that a certain class of abnormal facts were ascribed to the direct agency and operation of the spirits. A belief in the existenco of spirits pervaded all classes of society, and all nations and times. All races of men and nations believed more or less in the existenco of ghosts ; where was the man who did not believe in them, when tho truth was elicited ? Tho Greeks believed in the world of : spirits, as did the Romans also, despite tho theories and speculations of the philosophers to tho contrary. Then, too, who had not heard of tho ghosts of Scotland ? Why; there the spirits walked all over the country, and he should bo sorry to say how many ghosts walked up and down the hills and glens of Scotia. The lecturer then humorously sketched tho ghost scene from Tam O'Shanter, adding by way of a footnote, that some short time since he was disgusted beyond all toleration by meeting two Scotchmen who wanted to persuado him that both Tam and tho ghosts wero a piece of moonshine. After rofoning to the character of Horace in Mrs. Stowe's story of Old Town Folks, the rev. gentleman went on to narrate aghost story he hod experienced himself. It occurred one evening after ho had come home from a very animated spiritual seance, where the tables and chairs had behaved in an extraordinary manner. Ho was so surprised at what he had seen, that had Adam walked in and told him how he had passed his time since he left the earth, he would not have been astonished. At the midnight hour, or something after it, ho heard the spirits tap ping at his window. As he liked to have a good understanding with his visitors, he asked the spirits what they wanted, politely told them that ho would be glad to s 'e them in no morning at half-past nine o'clock, wished them ; good night, and from that tims had never hoard anything more of them. Some would say that his tono betokened a dis belief in the spiritual doctrine, and perhaps those who said so would be right. For all that, though, ho believed, as all in their hearts did, that thore was a spirit world, the border of whose confines overshadowed tho whole earth. He proposed, in connection with the subject, to look at the question in two aspects ; first, to refer to the faet3 of spiritism as they had been ascertained, and i then to innuire whether thnv ivprr* nf .a Min. racter to support tho hypothesis asserted by tho spiritists, that these phenomena wero attributable to the operations of the spirits. In the first place, he paused to remark that ;the phenomena of spiritism were all referablo to the operations ot the con sciousness — that inward eye of man by which he read his own thoughts, and un derstood his own feelings. The mind of man was so constituted that all that was within tho mental focus was aloao the Bub jeets of consciousness, and as soon as these subjects passed out of focus they ceased to be the objects of consciousness ; but, thongh apparently obliterated, in reality were never far off, and were always capable of being re produced by the operation of the power of memory, which again placed them in the mental focus. The wholeVof the fa'jts re lating to consciousness were referable to two classes — thoso of tho ordinary class, and those which wero abnormal, aud to the latter class wero referable the phenomena of spiritism. To this class belonced sleep, that state of physical oblivion, and yet not of mental un consciousness. Through, the hours of sleep the mind was in constant operation. Thus it was watchful for an accustomed sound, and by a mysterious operation had a power of calculating the flight of tims, and of arousing in many cases the physical frame to activity at some previously desired hour. The opera tion of the mind on sloop was a subject as profound as that of spiritism, and one that was as much worthy of study. Thon there was the power of dreaming — tho happy dream land where the spirits wandered at will. In many cases tho dreams were the mere self ? activity of the mind operating independent of tho will. Yet by the light of the Bible there were some cases in which it could not be doubted that, through tho medium of dreams, tho spirits of tho unseen world pre pared the dreamer through his vision, and perchanco through him the world. In concluding, ho referred his hearers to that true spiritism of tho Bible, which, by its elevating power, could save from sin and emancipate from death. 