: ^EUROPEAN PROTESTS AGAINST THE-OOOTTPATTON OF EOME. THE ARCHBISHOPS AND BISHOPS OF IRELAND ON THE OCCUPATION OF PIUS IX. Tlie words we address to you to-day, be loved brethren, come from hearts filled with sorrow and indignation. And how can it be i otherwise, since we have to announce to you that our Holy Father, Pius IX, is a prisoner in the hands of his enemies. He has been robbed even of that personal liberty, which, as a Sovereign, he had made secure for the very lowest of his subjects ; he has been torn uy uriLiu iurce irom uis cnuaren, wnose voices cannot reach his ear, and whom his words of guidance can no longer direct. And why has all this occurred? What excuse can be put forward by the men who have thus assailed God's anointed ? What fault has Pius IX committed, whether as King or Pontiff, that this outrage should be inflicted upon him ? For nearly 25 years he has filled a throne, inherited by him in virtue of a title the most legitimate, the most sacred ; and during that long period his rule has been distin guished for all the qualities that consecrate supreme power, and render it, as God in tended it should be, a source of blessings to the people. What Prince is there, whose soveriegn rights have been more clearly de fined or 'better guaranteed by the faith, of treaties, and by the sanction of international law ? Who has ever used power more gently. ? who more wisely than he? Under his benign ' sway, his Capital was the home, of genius, the shrine of the arts, the seat of learning, the centre of true Christian civilization. He judged the poor in judgment, and his people in justice, ever seeking to lighten their burden ?and to promote their prosperity. He gave them peace when all around them was con vulsed, and plenty when others were harassed with want ; and on the eve of the usurpation, his subjects employed the very latest hour of liberty they were permitted to enjoy, before 'being crushed by foreign force, in acclaiming him as the ? best of Sovereigns, who should rule for ever in their hearts. What pretext did such a Ruler give for invasion ? What was there in such a Monarch that he should be driven by strangers from his throne ? But great as have been the glories of his reign, they pale before the splendours of his marvellous Pontificate. The annals of the Church hold up for our admiration very many among the Roman Pontiffs whose names shall live for ever in history, on account of the striking and noble qualities that distinguished them even among the greatest on earth. A farrseeing wisdom, which enabled them in troubled, times to. understand where lay the true interests of the Church and of society ; surpassing ability in choosing and directing the measures to promote those interests ; and & loftiness of personal character which made their exertions successful, while it commanded the respect even of their enemies ; these are the gifts that seem hereditary in the great line of Popes who have filled the Apostolic See. But it may be questioned if on that long and bril liant roll of Pontiffs there be found even one to surpass Pius IX, either in the fulness with which these great gifts were possessed, or in the measure of benefits conferred on the Church by the exercise of them. How often Las it been our pleasing duty to describe to you the great things he has accomplished for the Church, and which mark with increasing flory each, succeeding year of his Pontificate. le has extended the tabernacles of the Church, by erecting so many new Episcopal Sees in the remotest regions ; he has restored to Churches wasted by heresy the freshness . and vigour of a second youth; he has pre served the young from the ravages of infi delity, by condemning evil systems of educa tion ; he has preached to an age that worships only brute force, in season and out of season, the eternal principles of truth, and justice ; he lias protected society against the license that saps morality, and the false philosophy which would pervert the rights of reason, and there by degrade man from his high dignity as an intelligent being. Never can Catholic hearts forget how, by defining the Doctrine of the Immaculate Conception, Pius IX gave joy to the whole world, and new glory to the Mother of God ; how by canonizing so many saints he multiplied for us intercessors in Heaven, and models of holy living on earth ; Peter and St. Paul he taught the world that persecution does but end in the triumph of the Church. And have not we ourselves lately seen him, in the full majesty of his sacerdotal holiness and power, presiding over the General Council of the Vatican, which he convoked that the voice of God, speaking through his infallible Church, might be heard above the turmoil and discord of the earth, teaching the truth, and summoning to the ; bosom of Catholic unity the souls whom error had led astray. And it was at this solemn moment, when the Catholic Episcopate was gathered together to treat of the most impor tant subjects that can occupy men upon earth, that a blow was struck at the Visible Head of the Church, and through him at the entire mystic body of Christ. Passing in review, then, the whole glori ous Pontificate of Pius IX, are we not fully warranted in asserting, beloved brethren, that it is not for any fault or shortcoming ot his that wicked men have risen against the Vicar of Christ. No, it is the absence of any fault in him that has stirred their indignation against him. Like the. wicked men spoken, of in the Book of Wisdom they have con spired, saying : ' Let us lie in wait for the just man, because he is not for our Ijum, and he is contrary to our doings, and upbraidetn us with transgressions of the law,: and di yulgeth against us the sins of our life. He is become a censurer of our thoughts1. He is grievous unto us even to behold, for his life is not like other men's and his ways are very different. We are esteemed by! him as triflers, and he abstaineth from ounvays as n Pill. ' ? ,.~ n^r] It f\ -i-V-t»/\T/n»1»rt-rli 'Mir* I O 4-4-/i'l» Il'Om HUjUHIcSS, ilULi. JJ.C ^iciun,uu uio iciuL^i end of the just, and glorieth -that he hath God for his Father. Let us then examine him by outrages and tortures' (Wisd. ii. 12 19). ! And truly, beloved brethren, tley' have accomplished their wicked deed, adding to it every circumstance of indignity and. outrage that can well be ' conceived. Without de claration of war, after having bounl them selves by a solemn convention to reskct the temporal independence of the Holy See, with hypocritical professions of venerationDU their lips, the Florentine Government despatched their troops to invade and occupy tlje rem nant of Papal territory hitherto spired by them. Neither the justice of the! Pope's cause, nor the absence of provocation ; nor his solemn protest, nor their own pledgesjnor the thought that they were outraging the feelings of more than 200,000,000 of Catholics.jnor the fear of the crime of sacrilege, or its punish ment, could restrain these perverse irfen from assaulting the cax^ital of the Christian world, and violating the holy soil of the Eternal Uity. They constituted brute force ilone as the law of justice, for that which is heble is found, to be nothing worth (Wisd. ii. ill). In vain have they since sought to coloir their outrages by a mock appeal to the voiic of the people into whose city they had opened for themselves a way by a destructive caikonade. History shall record that this monstrous usurpation is nothing else than a triiimph of brute force over justice ; of hypociisy over honesty ; of revolution over social oilier ; of infallibility over the interests of the Christian religion. ' ? j Therefore, we feel it due to ourselres and to you, and to our fellow Catholics through out the world, to publish our solemnjprotest against this act of unparalleled injusa.ee, and to this protest here published we calj the at tention of all. j 1\. Believing that the Pope is the 'ficar of Christ, the infallible teacher of Christian truth, to whom, in blessed Peter, his been given the supreme power of feeding) ruling and governing the whole Church, we (protest against tlio sacrilegious insults jecently offered by the usurping power to thj reign ing Pontiff, Pius IX, and in his person to Christ Himself, whose representative he is on earth. ' i 2\. Convinced that the full, perfect, and complete discharge of his Apostolic o&ce; re quires as its necessary condition the freedom of the Uoman Pontiff from the coatrol of other temporal princes, we protest, jin the name of 200,000,000 Catholics against the usurpation which has deprived their spiritual chief of his temporal dominions, necessary for the exercise of Ms liberty, and ^hereby subjected him to the caprice of jhostile powers. ] 3\. Persuaded that in the ways of | Provi- dence,' the temporal sovereignty of tie Holy See has been ordained for the common good of all Christendom, and . that Rome ind the territory belong to the Catholic world, we protest against the sacrilegious invasion of both, as a violation of the sacred righis of the whole Catholic world. : 4i. Regarding as subversive of social order the appeal made to revolutionary jassions by the usurping power, against the oldest, and most legitimate sovereignty in the world ; j and indignant at the hypocrisy which sought j to mask a brutal attack under the profession j of Catholic loyalty and kingly honour, we I protest against the means, so scandalous and ? immoral, employed to accomplish this most unjust usurpation. 5\. Recognizing with gratitude the benefits conferred upon the world by the noble use the Roman Pontiffs have made of their tem poral dominion, and the splendid example they have set to the Sovereigns of CJmsten dom by the mildness of their rule, their patronage of arts and letters, their tender care of the weak and poor, and their love of justice, we protest against the attempt to ex tinguish, and by means so unholy, aa insti tution that has deserved so well of civilized so ciety all over the world. 6\. We protest also against the threatened devastation of the venerable sanctuaries of Rome, against the plundering of its shrines, the suppression of its religious communities devoted to prayer and good works, and the closing of its numerous schools and colleges, where so many students of our own and other countries are trained in piety and learning. 7- And, since the invasion of Rome has been undertaken and accomplished at a time when a General Council was being held ^therein, under the Presidency of the Supreme Pontiff, we protest against the violence that has interrupted its deliberations, and we hold the Florentine Government responsible . for the outrage offered to the assembled Bishops of the universe, and. for the injury done to the faithful by depriving them, for an indefi nite time, of. 'the. Dressings the Council was calculated to confer. It now remains for you, beloved brethren, by takmg^practicar steps to relieve the Holy Fathei\to give effect to this protest. First of all -it is your duty to have recourse to the powerful arm of prayer. When St. Peter was thrown into prison by Herod, the entire Church prayed without ceasing for his safety (Acts xiii. ? 5). The united prayers of the Christian people, offered to God in the spirit of humility and with contrite hearts, through the hands of the Immaculate Mother of our Lord, will produce the most wonderful re sults. And since in the terrible events that are now passing in Europe the enlightened eye of faith recognizes the hand of an.angry God, punishing the world for its overflowing ini quities, we should endeavour to banish from among us that monster of sin thai malceth nations miserable (Prov. xiv. 34). We therefore implore of you all that, by worthily approaching the Holy Sacraments of Penance and the Eucharist you may pre pare yourselves to ask, with more confidence, grace and mercy from the Lord. And let your prayers, proceeding from pure hearts, ' ever be the faithful source of good works. Fasting, acts of mortification, alms-deeds, spiritual and corporal works of charity to the poor, these should accompany your prayers to render them more powerful with God. Secondly.— In addition* to these., spiritual weapons it is desirable that the Catholics should unite to protest against the insults which have been heaped on the Vicar of Christ and against the violation of justice and right on the part of those' who have seized oil. Rome, the common property of the Catholic world. These protests, to have weight, should be made in writing, and when re commended by your Pastors- at meetings, to be placed in the hands of those ''who repre sent us in Parliament, so that they may be laid before the public authorities of this country. We have a full' right to. ask from those who rule Catholic nations that they should secure from a control which cannot be other than capricious or tyrannical, the Pontiff whose authority guides the con science of millions of their subjects. The ene mies of the Holy Father are most industrious in misrepresentingthe feelings of Catholics, and in describing their own evil deeds as the ne cessary result of public opinion and of na tional aspirations, in the hope that they may pervert men's judgments, and thereby hinder them from taking effectual means for the re lief of the Holy Father. Let it be our busi ness to prove that their lies have not deceived anyone, and that Catholic Ireland will joy fully take her place among the nations who will emulate one another in assisting, by their prayers and alms, the Vicar of Christ in this his hour of sore distress. For the rest, beloved brethren, be not dis turbed by the violence, nor scandalized by the momentary success that has attended the designs of the wicked. 'These things they thought,' says the .Holy Ghost of those who . conspired against the just man ; ' these things they thought and were deceived, for their own malice blinded I them. And knew not the secrets of God, nor hoped for the wages of justice, nor esteemed the holy souls.' (Wisd. ii. 21,22.)' 'But the multiplied brood of the wicked shall not thrive — and if they flourish in branches for a time, yet ' standing not fast, they shall be shaken with the wind, and through the force' of winds they shall be rooted out.' (Wisd. iv. 3, 4.) ' A mighty wind shall stand lip against them, and as a whirlwind shall divide them.' And although by permission of an outraged Pro vidence, it may come to pass that their iniquity shall bring all the earth into a desert, and their wickedness overthrow the thrones of the mighty, yet in God's good time truth and virtue shall have their triumph, and being rescued from the hands of their enemies, the just shall sing to Thy holy name, O Lord, and shall praise with accord thy vic torious hand.' (Wisd. x. 10.) May the grace of bur Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. v ' Paul Cardinal Cullen, Archbishop of Dub lin ; Daniel M'Gettigan, Archbishop of Armagh ; JohnM'Hale, Archbishop of Tuam; Patrick Leahy, Archbishop of Cashel; Wil liam Delany, Bishop of Cork ; Francis Kelly, Bishop of Derry ; William Keane, Bishop of Cloyne ; David Moriarty, Bishop of Kerry ; . John P. Leahy, Bishop of Dromore ; James Walshe, Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin ; Laurence Gillooly, Bishop of Elphin ; Thomas Furlong, Bishop of Ferns ; John McEvilly, Bishop of Galway, &c;, &c; M. O'Hea, Bishop of Ross ; P. Dorrian, Bishop of Down and Connor; George Butler, Bishop of Limerick ; Nicholas Conatty, Bishop of Kil more ; Thomas Nulty,. Bishop of Meath ; James Donnelly, Bishop of Clogher ; James Lynch, Coadjutor Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin ; Nicolas Power, Coadjutor Bishop of Killaloe ; Peter Dawson, Vic.-Cap. Ardagh. 