IPSWICH CONGREGATIONAL OCHIURCH. LaYiB G IIE FOMOU ATION.STONE. The ceremony 6f laying the foundation.stone of a new Congregational Church in Ipswich took place on Tuesday, the 18thinst., and attracted to the town a con. siderable number of Brisbane and country visitors, while the number of townapeople who assembled to witness the proceedings was the largest that we have seen turn out sines the Duke of Edinburgh's visit. The weather was rather warm butnet oppressively so, and the main street wore quite a gale eppearance. His E?celleney the Governor, who had kindly consented to take part in the proceedings, thius imparting to them an additional interest, came up in the steamer Ipswich as far as Waterstown, from which place he was driven into town by Mr. Thomas Bell. No. 2 Company Q.V.A., under the command of Captain Stanley, mustered at the railway station at half-past three, and, headed by the baud, which played remarkably well, proceeded along Brisbane-street and drew up opposite thie chapel grounds. Thie Oddfellows, preceded by their gne banner, and displaying their full regalia, marched in procession, taking the same course as far as thie Clarendon Hotel, and then, turning up East-street, halted near Tattersall'e, at hlieh place tile Governor arrived lshortly after four o clncrk. He was received by the Rn. E. GriiBth and other minisiters, and, after a short stay, proceeded, attended by the Oddfellnws, io the site of the new building. The crowd at this time was very lhrge, numbering several thou sands, among whom the ladies seemed to pre dominate. On the Goveriror's arrival the Volunteer Band streuck up, and the men presented arms. Seats hd beadti placed round thie stone for the spectators, but not eulficient to accommodate a tithe of them, and wede not suppose more thian a hundred people actually witnessed Ihe ceremonyor heard the remarks of the spenkers. The Governor having been aecommodated with a seat, the .·oeedings were conrmenced by rerging a portion of a hymn appeeprirte to the oeasion. after w.ich prayer was offered by the Rev. Mr. Oriffi,. The ev. . M Mossor then delivered an address. He said they had assembled for the purpose of layinag the foundation- stonse of a noew houne of prayer, to he mesd in connection weth the Congraeeational Church. This church had had an exintence in Ipewioh of about aixteen years, the late Mr. Dr.oon, a zealous and in sere man, having been the first to colleet together a few followers of thie Congregational and Baptist eonm munionas, and foem a United Chureb. The Rev. Mr. Griftth, the first Congregational minister in Queens land, in due time became their pastor, and it was under his ministry that the wooden build. leg now in used was erected. Many changes had taken place in connection with thie Con gregational Church since then ; some of these were pleasurable, whilst others had been painful. He was happy to think however that throughout all the changes they had been enabled to sustain a place of worship to Almighty God, and that they had thus been permitted, in common with other churches, to aid in the combined movement for thie general ceod. For some time past it had been considered and talked about amongst them that a new chureh was desirable, and a number of friends having come forward with promises of support, amounting to sometiing like £1000, it was considered that the time had arrived when duty called for the erection of the building. The work had been commenced, not without fear, but still with great faith. All the necessary preliminaries were arranged, a very handsome plan had been adopted, a contract for the building had been taken, and they had anssembled there that day for the purpose of laying the foundation-stone. In looking asbout for some fitting person to perform that duty their aspira tions had mounted very high, and they resolved upon inviting his SExcellency the Governor of Queenslnd to perform that kind service for them. They were sustained in their resolvre so to do by thIe conviction that if thee could seoure the attendance of his Excellenoy they would not only be benefiting them aslvea as a Ohurch, but would at the same time give joy to the neighbourhood at large by affording the people the pleasure of meeasting the kind, courteous, and um?yrsally beloved Goversor of Queensland. It now became his duty to take the bottle he held in his hand and place it in the receptacle provided for it under the stone. The bottle--or rather leaden cee--contained a copy of the Queenelar? Times of that day's issue, and also some coina of the realm; he did not know hoe much or of what deseription, but he should hardly imagine there could be much gold amongst it, as all the gold that they could obtain would be required to pay for the building. The case also contained a brief history of their Church beautifully written on parchment. Mr. Mossop then placed thie leaden ease in the receptacle under the stone, end, turning to his Excellency, said he had the honour of presenlting him with a mallet and trowel, wit h a respectful request that Ihe would be pleased to lay tie foundation-stone of I s building about to be crected for the worship and I to the glnry of God. Thie ry. gentleman at the same i time er?lp .red fervent wishes for tile piritual and I\temnporal wellcre of his Ewxcellency. The sto ir was then slowly lowered into its place, its devtent being dirreterd by tearsr. Hunncock and She , the eotractors for thie building. His Excelle, having rpplirid thIe level to thie satone und found it to he true an I evenly set, and haviung cone through the sual forms, said--" I declare this first stone of the w CongregaCtional Church, Ipswich, to be well and a oly laid in Ithe name of the Father, the Son, and the Itaoly Ghost." Brother Bbe~nr, District Grand Master of the Western Star Lodge of Oddfellows, and an alderman of thire Brisbane municipality, then stepped forward and read the following lladdroess - 