DE GHOSTIBUS NON EST DISPUTANDUM. -The other day a case occurred which by a person of timorous or superstitious temperament would have been set down as of the general supernatural order. A young man named John Eggo, groom to Dr Hayley of this town, for some time past, since his master left the adjoining house, has slept in one of the rooms con- nected with the surgery in Clifford- street in order more conveniently to attend the night calls. In one of these rooms there is a large upright case in which a perfect skeleton is suspended; and at the bottom of this case are two or three skulls. The other night Eggo was. awakened by a strange rattling noise,evidently from the consulting-room, and on getting up and going there, it was evident that this proceeded from the case containing the skeleton. Here was a nice position for a young man of highly ner- vous superstitious organisation, cut off from the chance of seeking advice or as- sistance from abroad. Were the present writer as imaginative and as full of liter- ary ambition as he was - let us say a quarter, or half a century ago - he would on hearing the particulars of this appal- ing case, incontinently have abandoned penny-a-lining once and forever, and have devoted himself heart and soul to the composition of works of the Mrs Rad cliffe-cum-Miss Braddon type. "The Doctor's Skeleton" would have made a taking title surely when displayed in all the blazonry of yellow paper binding, with a red and green illustration showing the unhappy groom with `hair 'on end,' in the course of turning rapidly white. But alas and a-lack-a-day! 'twas not to be. And fortunately for himself, Eggo, instead of being of the ghost-seer temperament, is a courageous, matter-of- fact young fellow and, possibly from his having been several years with doctors, is free from any su- perstitious horror of dead men's bones. Still it was not altogether without an uneasy feeling that he heard the noise increase. "But," as Byron says, "soon philosophy came to his aid" - Hinting that soul and body on the whole Were odds against a disembodied soul. Whether Eggo repeated these lines to himself or not is not quite certain; but what is certain is that he made up his mind not to beaten. So he proceeded at once to open the mysterious case; and even then his nerves were somewhat shaken by seeing the skeleton oscillating to and fro With strong and growing motion. But, O ! most lame and impotent conclusion. to this as to other ghost-stories, were there but men of Eggo's nerve present to investigate them. The innocent causes of the noise and commotion were - first a mouse, and next Mrs Waugh's white cat. The former, in attempting to escape, had, in the most unseemly and irreverent man- ner, plunged bodily into one of the skulls and the cat, in eagerness of pursuit, had thrust in her paw after him; and not be- ing able to hook him out, nor yet to extricate her paw, had in jumping about set the skeleton swinging. Sic transit gloria of ghost-story. -Goulburn Herald. MAORI FESTIVITIES.---Says the Lyttel ton Times, Wirehau Harihoma, the native chief of Onukou, Akaroa, gave his annual entertainment in commemoration of his son's natal day, on Thursday, the 26th May. The attendance of guests, both Maori and Europeans, was numerous, and the bill of fare, consisting of geese, pork, pigeons, and mutton, with the usual addi tions, was, judging by appearances,greatly appreciated, as the comestibles radidly disappeared under the onslaught thatwas made upon them. After the dinner was over, dancing was commenced, and kept up with spirit to the music of a concer tina. The civility and attention of the natives to their guests certainly deserved more than the thanks which was awarded them for their courtesy. PROPOSED MUNICIPALITY.--The peti tion for the erection of Braidwood into a municipality was sent down to Sydney on Thursday, after the usual declarations were made as to the genuineness of the signatures. The petition is. signed by about one hundred and thirty persons subject to be rated within the proposed municipality, the area of which has been fixed at sixteen square miles, or a square of four miles each way, with the town in the centre. FREE CHURCH OF ENGLAND IN BRIS BANE.-The Courier of the 15th instant, furnishes the following information con cerning a rev. gentleman to whose pro ceedings in New South Wales some few years ago, public attention was attracted by journalastic and popular discussions. It appears that the Rev. P. P. Agnew has accepted the ministry of Christ Chuich, Brisbane. At an inauguratory tea meet ting, given by the congregation, the Rev. Mr Searle, Mr Agnew's predecessor, said his resignation would be sent in at the end of the month, and his rev. brother would assume the incumbency on the first Sunday in July. He denied the state ment that they were schismatics, but contended-that the schismatics were those members of the Church of England who trampled under foot the glorious doctrines laid down in the prayerbook. A large body was now rising up in England who opposed such practices, and churches had been established there, putting forth in their constitution that they were a refuge to members of the Church of England from the ritualistic and. rationalistic ten dencies of the Established Church at the present day. Christchurch was therefore not single, but would rapidly gain power and strength. The very life was pressed out by members of the so-called Church of England by formalities, ritualism, and rationalism. The Rev. P. P-. Agnew fol lowed, and explained the circumstances which caused him to throw off the au thority of the Bishop of Sydney. EFFECT OF CLIMATE UPON FRUIT.-A report of the Victoria Horticultural Society states-that the recorded observa tions of those residing in a climate like that of England are far from reliable as a guide to growers in the climate of Aus tralia. Several of the pears grown in England, and reported upon merely as stewing pears,are found here to be melting and delicious varieties; while many of the apples which are charactcrized by English authorities as of no special merit, are so changed by climate as to be mnong our most valuable varieties. FATAL RAILWAY ACCIDFNT---- TwO stop-. pages occurred on the MIelbourne and Hobson's Railway Company's line on Sunday. As t;he train which leaves elS - bourne at eleven minutes ep:ist oie. fori Richmond was going alongi at i'ts usual speed, the reflections of the l:passeunigrs, alternating botween the sermons they had heard and the dinners of which they were to partake, were rudely broken by a" sudden halt near Jolimont. Of course, it was a mere nothing. As the engine driver, perceiving that the Jolimont gates were shut, preferred to pull up, instead of showing his esprit de corps by following the example lately set him by a Ballarat confrere, the stoker descended, threw wide the portals, and after he had regained his place the train proceeded on its way, the gatekeeper appeared in sight with his caro sposa from an afternoon ramble, just in time to catch a glimpse of the- last car riage before it was hidden from sight by the curve in the line. Yesterday evening the last train, which leaves Windsor at nine minutes past ten, was brought to a stand-still near the Botanic Gardens; it was found that the train had passed over some obstruction. On search being made the body 'of a man, over which it had passed, was found lying across the rails. Life was extinct, and the body was iden tified as that of one Thomas Smith, and was taken to the Morgue. Deceased had been living at the Railway Hotel, Eliza bath-street, and letters with the Alexan dra postmark were found in his pockets. SINGULAR BREACH OF PROMISE CASE.--, A case of the above description, possessing some peculiar features, was tried at Launcecs ton on the 10th instant, and is thus related by a: correspondent of a Melbourne journal: -The plaintiff, Ellen Jane Wickins, aged 30, or thereabouts, sued Richard Hill, whose age was variously stated at from 70 to 76,.: for £1000 damages, for having promised her'marriage and then having abruptly. de clined to redeem his promise. The defen?d-. ant was a widower, and he seems to have' been.able to say with old Adam in the Co medy " My ageis as a lusty winter, Frosty, but kindly." He looked with a loving eye upon Mi;iss Wickins. He had known her from a'child ;' and, as he told her father, " he thought he:, should be very happy with her. In the warmth of his heart and the height of sum. mer, he presented her with a gold watch and chain which had cost him twenty guineas ; but " though on largesse bent he had a fru gal mind," and when in the'glow'of his ar dent affection he gave her a wedding ring, he prudently chose that of his deceased wife. He did more; he announced his intention of settling a cosy cottage and £200 upon his future. bride. BIt whispering tongues can poison truth; And constancy lives in realms above. And the septuagenarian lover suddenly jilted Miss Wickins without rhyme or reason. 'Mrs Wickins-for there was to have been a' mother-in-law-rose to the height of the' occasion. She bearded the recalcitrant' Hill' in his own domestic fortress. " I am her mother, and must have an explanation." " Don't come here troubling me," exclaimed °. Mr Hill, and beat a 'retreat to the first. floor. : Then the daughter chimed in, and in accents. half sorrowful and half reproachful, mur.. nured, "I suppose you want to break off the engagement, Mr Hill." "Yes," tartly re plied the obtrusive Nipper. The door was closed; mother and daughter wended 'their.: way homewards, the latter "in maiden medi..:, tation fancy free." She kept the watch and .. chain, sent back the wedding ring belonging, to the deceased Hill, brought an action' against the sprightly old gentleman who had trifled with her affections, and a jury awarded her £200 damages. SaocKINe MutnRD . - .We (Cornwall Chronicle) have received brief particulars of another brutal murder, which was perpetra ted on Wednesday morning, near Westbury. It appears that a man rinanied Burton was employed by Mr Monaghan in cutting tim ber on a piece of land rented by an elderly man, named Conolly, eighty-five years of age. We are not aware wkether Mr Mono..' ghan intended to eject Conolly and replace:. him by Burton as a tenant, but from what followed this appears to have been the posi tion of affairs: for old Conolly, watching his opportunity, crept up to Barton, and striking him .down with an axe, butchered him with the 'same weapon. Conolly wais soon after apprehended by the Westbury: police, and confessed to having killed Bur.. ton, and gave the reason why, which, hlow- I ever, has not reached us in detail. HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND PrL.s.-2 Certain exemption from sores, ulcers,' bad legs, piles, fistulas, and most diseases of the skin, will be sho, tly secured by the perse-: vering use of these admirable remedies.. They may be iniplicitly relied on in all such cases, without regard to sex or the duration of the malady. Hlolloway's Ointment and P'ills are unspeakably prceous in indilolent ulcerations of the legs which often resist all':t other applications and consign the stiufferer:: to the bed of pain and death. No risk b! oo inconvenience attends the use of Hollloway's:; mendicamncits. The Ointment allays Iain, • smarting, and itching, cleanses the. sore from foul matter, represses proud flesh, and:ed-: c courages good, healthy granulations, which:" ultimately formn a sound surface.: . : Old Billy W. was dying. He was anig - . norant man, and a very wicked one. Dr.eD.' : an' excellent, physician, andti a very .pious" man, "was attending him. The odld fellow.: asked for bread. Whe ddctor aplp: iichid-: the bedside; i:nd; ii a very solthm itoneot rk : nrltcdr " Iy dlear fellow;, man cannot live:x , by bread alone." ". No," said th old fel:. low, " he's bleegied to have Ic'ir w"cngtau! bles." The subject was dropped. 