LITERATURE. Faith and Science. MAN IN GENESIS AND GEOLOGY ; OR, THE BIBLICAL ACCOUNTS OF MAN'S CREATION TESTED BY SCIEN TIFIC THEORIES OF HIS ORIGIN AND ANTIQUITY. BY tho Rev. JOSEPH P. THOMPSON, D.D., LL.D. 12 mo., pp. 140. IT is a misfortune that the two camps into which the intellectual world is now divided—those of science and religion—understand so little of one another. Even tho weapons of one side are almost unknown to tho other. Such is tho defective training in the theological schools that that great implement with which the army of science has won almost all its grand victories in modern progress—tho process of scientific reasoning is an instrument with which the young theologians are almost utterly unacquainted—the cumulative process of reasoning, by which one little fact is piled upon another, until at length, after weary labour, a broad generalization can be erected, which shall be a guide to all future investigation ; the delicate and conscientious balancing of probabilities, until at last a result is obtained a little more probable than any other, and this becomes a clue for other research ; the basis of all conclusions solely on facts, though under the guidance of hypothesis, and the confidence in the impera tive, all-embracing nature of law, suffering no exceptions, and eternally and everywhere the same these are processes and modes of thought to which most theologians are strangers. The conclusions thus obtained seem to them weakly based, the processes too subtile, and the "Laws" liable to constant interrup tion and exception. The consequence is that at the present time most of our Schools of Theology have no sympathy with modern scientific thought, and do not in the least appreciate the vantage-grounds it has gained. Their instruction in "Natural Theology" is given precisely as it was twenty or thirty years ago, when Paley was tho authority, and as though Darwin and his school had not existed. The enemies they attack no longer exist, and tho weapons they hurl fall wide of tho mark. They fight with the ghost of the past, instead of tho bona fide foes of to-day. When at length the tremendous current of scepti cism and atheism reaches us from England—as it is sure to do in a few years—will our religious guides be prepared to meet it, or shall we repeat the desolate experience of modern Germany in the matter of Faith and Science. On the other hand, the physicists of the day have no proper appreciation of tho great facts of conscious ness and of the wants of the soul, and do not regard the experiences or laws discovered in tho great " physical " realm as at all equal in value to those of tho world of matter. In their own field they show themselves often as dogmatic and unscientific in their modes of thought as the theologians themselves. Dr. Thompson, tho author of the work whose title is given above, is one of the few modern theologians who can look scientific facts and conclusions squarely in the face, and who can appreciate scientific reasoning. Darwinism to his mind is not a spectre of infidelity, nor the confirmation of geology the overthrow of the Bible, nor the " Antiquity of Man" (if proved) the destruction of religion. His treatment of all these important topics is in great contrast to that of many German and English theologians. He examines each on its own merits, and appreciates tho cumulative nature of tho arguments of science on each of these questions. He is not too ready to object to a conclusion because it is not fully demonstrated as yet, nor too eager to accept what physicists sometimes claim rather hastily as axioms or settled truths. With all this candid, philosophical habit of mind, and tho author's well-known scholastic attainments, it is a pity that his conclusions on so important subjects were given out in this half-colloquial, lecture-like volume, wherein suoh a miscellany of topics are dis cussed as the Jewish Cosmogony, tho Antiquity of Man, Darwinism, tho Sabbath, Woman's Rights, the Social Compact, Marriage, and Christian Philanthropy. Dr. Thompson's object, he informs us in this volume, is especially to discuss tho great question, " How to adjust the facts of Science to the Bible ( " With this purpose, tho first great topic which meets him is the Biblical account of Man's Creation. As a cosmogony, he shows its vast superiority in simplicity and majesty to heathen cosmogonies ; but he admits throughout its main purpose to be spiritual rather than scientific, and, though he finds a general concurrence with the late results of science, he does not (as many theologians have so unwisely done) press this harmony too closely. Tho grand truth which it reveals to tho world is, in his view, that the universe is "tho work of a personal Creator." In discussing tho " Origin of Man," the author naturally comes at once to the great modern " Hypo thesis of Development." His treatment of Darwinism is remarkably candid : aud he admits that the theory is as consistent with the doctrine of creation by a personal God as any other. In fact, he might have claimed that it is a more worthy conception of tho Creator than that which makes him continually interfere in tho laws he has formed. His objections to tho Hypothesis are scientific and well taken—such as Agassiz or Guyot have offered—though tho scientific mind of the world is more and more con sidering them as unsound, and is rapidly adopting the theory as if not a complete Hypothesis of Origin, at least a wonderful explanation of great numbers of tho forms of life existing. Dr. Thompson wisely takes the ground that tho " Origin of Life" is yet a mystery, and must be referred back to Divine Power—regarding these recent experiments in "Spontaneous Genera tion" as does the President of the British Association, who, in the recent meeting at Exeter, said: "In the various processes of crystallization, of precipitation, &c;, which we witness in dead matter, I cannot see the faintest shadow of an approach to the formation of an organic structure, still less to the wonderful series of changes which are concerned in the growth and even the perpetuation of even the lowliest plant." To the possible physical generic connection of Man with the lower animals, Dr. Thompson offers tho usual objections—those quoted from M. Rochet as the strongest ; being prepared, however, probably to admit that, if these are ever answered, and man's physical structure be proved to be in immediate connection with lower types, the contrast in his spiritual powers with the animals only makes tho probability of the independent existence and creation of his soul tho stronger. The most ultra development-believers admit that when, under Natural Selection, instinct became mind, there was " a revolution like a miracle, such as tho world had never seen;" so the scientific theologian may claim that there at least, in tho course of development, a supernatural action was as probable as this mysterious change, and that Soul as well as Life may scientifically be claimed as a direct emana tion from divine Power. The doctor's discussion of "Human Antiquity" is tho most interesting and scholarly feature of the volume. He examines carefully the different sources of evidence which modern science has revealed, of a much greater duration of man upon earth than had previously been believed. The Egyptian monuments, he admits, throw the date of Egyptian civilization beyond tho received date of the flood ; the discoveries in the pile- habitations of Switzerland and the Kitchenmiddens of Denmark point back to at least several thousands of years ; and the finding of human remains in company with those of the extinct mammalia, all give a probability of a consider able antiquity to mankind. In our judgment, he rightly estimates tho evidence from the implements of the different "ages"—the stone, flint, and iron ages—as not conclusive on chronology. But the grand argument for an immense human antiquity, the discovery of human implements and bones in connection with the Drift or the Glacial Period, in places where evidently vast changes of the earth's surface have gone on, is valued at its true importance. With a true scientific spirit he does not attempt at present to reconcile these facts and the apparent chronology of the Bible, suggesting, however, various possible modes of reconciliation ; thus that tho Bible record may be the history of the fortunes of one great family of man, and not of all ; that tho narration of the early books of tho Old Testament may be of only typical men or tribes, without any reference to exact succession of years or centuries, or a condensed epitome of history without dates and a consecutive line of historical events ; and finally, and strongest point of all, that the Bible is not designed as a scientific or chronological work, but as a book of spiritual truth and inspiration. There are more profound problems in the adjustment of science and religion than any which Dr. Thompson has treated. The great want of the age is of some master mind who has mastered the processes of scien tific reasoning, and has been an original investigator —though not a specialist—in the field of physical facts, and yet who appreciates the facts of conscious ness, "the laws," and the mental world, and is imbued with a profound sense of faith, love, and religion. Such a mind would be tho benefactor of the new era, and do much toward bringing to an end the great contest of the age—that between science and religion. The Inverness Couria', in noticing the announcement of an autobiography of Flora Macdonald, preserver of Prince Charles, now preparing for publication by Mr. Nimmo, of Edinburgh, observes, that none of ¿our Scottish historians or topographers who explored so minutely the wanderings and vicissitudes of Charles Edward, seem to have been aware of the existence of the above manuscript. Piora-or Flory, as she signed her name in her marriage contract- had a singular and romantic career, and if'she recorded fully her own trials and the state of the Highlands in tho middle of last century, her autobiography cannot fail io possess interest. She was in her twenty-fomth year when she gallantly risked her own freedom to preserve that of Prince Charles. By the Jacobites of that day sho was idolized. A private subscription was opened for her, which soon amounted to £1,500, and she sat to Allan Ramsay for her portrait, still preserved in Oxford. Tho features are decidedly Celtic-the com plexion dark, contrasting with tho ample white rose that decorates the bust. Boswoll and Johnson de scribe her in 1773 as a littlo woman of genteel appear ance^ and pleasing address. When she returned, the heroine of the day, to tho Higldands, her society was courted by all classes, and between three and four years afterwards she gave her hand to young Kings burgh, who was the model of a Highlander in counte nance, figure, dress, and speech. Affairs do not seem to have gone prosperously with them, and in 1714 Flora and her husband emigrated to North Carolina. When the war broke out Kingsburgh joined the Royalist forces, was taken prisoner, but regained his liberty, and served with the 84th in Canada. Thoy returned, and it is related, that tho vessel in which Flora and her husband sailed was attacked by a French privateer, and while tho Celtic heroine stood on deck bravely animating the seamen, she was thrown down and one of her arms broken. She was destined, how ever, to die at home at last, departing in her OSth year, in 1790, and her shroud being formed of part of the sheets in >vhich> Prince Charles slept at Kingsburgh. Here aro materials for a romanticbiography ! The hair breadth escapes of tho royal wanderer, tho stato of the Highlands wliilo society yet retained some of tho pictu resque features of clanship-tho emigrant voyage across the Atlantic, and tho subsequent American war-the perilous return to Britain-and the final ten years of peace while all was changing in tho Highlands and Islands, and tho old race was disappearing from tho land-such are tho striking events in tho lifo of Flora Macdonald. REMARKABLE CASE.-Visitors to the Maitland hos wital during tho last few months (says the Mercury) bill have remarked tho caso of a poor woman who was prought there so dreadfully burned that sho was only able to lio on her stomach, stretched out in a posturo apparently most painful, if long maintained. The patient, Mrs. Collins, tho wife of a small settler on tho Paterson, was accidentally burnt at her own homo some five or six months, and was brought to tho hospital in order that the constant medical and nursery attend ance to be had there might give her a chance for life. There she has Inin patiently ever sinco, at first almost despaired of, so severe were her injuries ; but by virtue of a good constitution, and the most constant atten tion, sho has got on well, though still unable, we behove, to ho in any other than tho painful position we have described. This week sho has been confined of a fine baby, and both baby and mother are doing very well, t 