BIVERINE INTELLIGENCE. CHRISTMAS.—We present fur usual Christinas congratulations to our friends in Deniliquin where we publish, and in the vast districts of Riverina where ar" most of our subscribers, 1870 has been an eventful j ear for the town, which has got rid of a number of bad characters, and for the country, which is passing through one of the most extraordinary seasons ever known here. Town and country will doubtless ultimately profit by the season of 1870. THK RET. RALPH BARKER.— In the early days of Deniliquin, some twelve years ago this gentleman officiated hero. He was the first Church of Knglanil minister here. Mr. Barker removed to Victoria where Mrs. Barker, who was an excellent woman, died, leaving her children in charge of her sister. Miss D.allon, who remained at l>enili(juin, keeping a school for some time after her brother-in-la w left. Mr. Barker has just left Daylesford, after officiating there for eighteen months, and was entertained there on his leaving at a soiref. The meeting was attended by the Presbyterian and Wesleyan minis- ters, and Mr. Barker, as well as Miss Daltou, were each presented with an address congratulating them on the success of their labours: Miss Dalton, who was the secretary of the Ladies'Benevolent Asylum, was spoken of very highly indeed. Mr. Peter M'Millan, inpresenting her with the address, said — "He had opportunities of witnessing Miss IXilton's efficiency as a secretary, and had no hesitation in saying that her Rtyle of keeping the minutes was superior to that of the majority of Government officials, town clerks, and secretaries of road boards. (Great laughter and applause.) He could not help expressing his admiration of Miss Dalton's services (Applause)." Miss Dalton had also presented to her a beautiful gold brooch set with topaaes. THE CULTIVATION OF THE SWL.—We have received a brief and well written pamphlet on this subject, from the author, Mr. IX Nichol, of Sydne3\ Mi. Nichol proposes to establish an industrial farm, as a self-supporting school of agriculture, and a means to promote colonial industry. His views are enlightened, and if carried out faithfully, eould not fail to be of great service. Mr. Nichol condemns the system, hitherto in force, of scattering population over this vast country—men without a knowledge of the first elements -of farming successfully. When we have room to spare we shall be ({lad to give a more lengthy notice of this little pamphlet, published by Gibbs, Shallard and Co., of Sydney. DKNILIQUIN COURT or PETTY SESSIONS.—AS we have been daily exacting the newly appointed stipendiary magistrate, there has been a poor attendance this week of the honorary J. Ps., who would, however, have done duty, we believe, if tliey had expected that their services were required. CnuncH OK ENGLAND.—The Rev. Mr. Ware will (D. V.)hold Divine service at Deniliquin on Sunday next. MANY new residents of the district will for the first time learn the cause of quarrel betweeu the late Police Magistrate of Deniliquin (Mr. Giles} and ourselves from the lengthy statement given in this issue. Mr. Turner, mentioned in the little bill given, is Mr. Giles's brotber-in-law. Sir. Giles mauaged to bring the contest to a wrangle, and to keep it in abeyance for upwards of six months, so that numbers of people interested have probably forgotten the cause of the uproar which ended in Mr. Gileses discomfiture. We ought to bear this in mind that if all the districts of Riverina were presided over magisterially by such men as Mr. Giles, the veriest pandemonium on earth wonld be preferable as a residence. There was a time when we almost despaired of success in tbe contest, but we persevered. We do not wish to magnify our importance in the body politic of Australia, but whatever are our duties wc desire to discharge them well and faithfully, and in presenting oursupporters with this the six hundred and twenty-first issue of the Pastoral Times, on the last day of the eventful year 1870, we beg to assure the reader that if we cannot command success, we shall at all events do our best to deserve it. A DEATH aoDER was killed at Marshall's farm in Deniliquin last week-the reptile had nearly bitten a man. THE Hay mail leaves Deniliquin at half-past ten p.m. A LITTI.E BOY, aged 13, nrf:ned Ilaxall, only s-.:: of Mr. and Mrs. Haxall, of North I Jeiuli>piiu, is Inst ill the bush on the north side for £«•<( days. lie was accustomed to bring lioini- :i flock oi goats )>»ii:; the common. The goats r:turii"d on Thitr-'J.-.y without the boy. Lots of per-onxareoiit si-i kn :i. poor boy. [He has since been found dead.] OitiCKrr.—'J'berc is some talk as to l>inii:'.'-,:i boy3 challenging the Kciiuca playrs. l>i-t .i c doe.r 11'rt ii.im enchantment r.i tiie view, an 1 o- 1! ; call hardlv span: time t<> an to i->i:i. j i. ! "i •.• - 5 I a meeting half wav fji.rtou's prutiy I.om-i.- grounds (lledbank) "wimld m<-i-t 111.- .ii.'ii. i:!!; . :.:..'. we think friend Burton «"o:iM not object, but do his lie«t to facilitate op-r-.-.limis. There won'.' be fruit ill ali'indanee at l?.-l!milc. :.iw doiii.!! --: comfortable parties fre!:i ben<!i>pipi ami 11 --;;» Kchne.i would be inaiic up n:id vi-it !' • loan!: snob an occasion, as ^eli >•) m] 1 v ' fm i:o '. as to have a good day's enjoyment for tin nis'-lves. KASCAIK'O HUM' AT Tiin.v:. -Tins c-auu- 10" on Thursday last week. On the d.>y previous il: • whole force on ihf station, guests and all. wi-i. . out and drove some thousands of kangar-'o Into ih. paddock, something lilt" lb" French were driver into Sedan. After lliis the hunters went to Tlnlo home station, and cnjo_\ed iliemsilves bear!::.- waiting anxiously for She nuiniinu in e>:pi ctai ;o.- of a grand iioil'jr. bnl the imprisoned tripods broke away from the paddock during- t!>? night, tai; with them a number of the kangaroo accustomed ...- conPne their bounds to ibis paihioci.'. Ilowevi r. it went the hHn:s:ne;-, and ;; rnmlur cf ladi. .' joined, as hnAurs on, the (•!•"/•*••. Tin- pTvpaT:>i:o ,- lor securing the kangaroo were evceli-ut — ah. :: 20o were killed the first day, a:i<! a! cut I no on second. Smie of 'lie old ncn kangaroi s e-thiolti i feats of agility and strength tin t wou'd as:onNi. the most doughty gladiators. Unc powerful o! I man kangaroo (a kind of Bisni ii'cij) Icap,-d over .,;l obstacles, his progress being iole: i:e|i;cd l:v v of lesser strength, be caught bold of the latter ii. a very unfriendly hug, and IIMVW Mm from him with great force, and the weaker f,-ii:>w w"..t ro'.l. ing 0Tcr ami over, but when begot a rai:i on hi; hind legs be made tracks faster lliai: 1:1. an express train. Tbe aiTangcmenis Tor trapping tho animals at Thole a:e .-o con;pU.se that if the;.- br ak' away fro u the highroad to one fatal pit it is umy to fsll into auoth. r— in effect very much like pit-, the craftiest animal—man—dies for the lower orders of bis race. Once in the pit, escape t'nr I he tripod is hopeless—they in falling brake 11:< ;r nick; or legs, in the latter case they nre cuili'.-.ed to death by their pursuers. It seems strange that no Australian B irnaui Jhas yet arisen to nm!:e the nio.-t <>f some of these kangaroo by exhibiting th'-ni. For instance, if a few of them null.I be ,0 fareinlised us to enter the lifts fit Melbourne or Sydney against some of the Currish or Devon wrestler.-' show ulf their strength a; 111 perio.Ii--:! 1 1 iec incd to bade a line o:-! galas. - We rliould 111:1:1 kangaroo like this Bismarck against anv don in the wrestling arena. 'ihe v. lest'ERS USE thvii fe.-t in throwing each other, and kicking each "titer's shins—"barking" thein as it is termed, The kangaroo too uses his hind legs, but in a VERV much more dangerous way. After lie gets a tirm hold in his arms of his opponent, the tripod imhis his Victim in a k nd of vice, aud it i.- now war in the death. If he can now get on- of his hind ho-ils 011 to the LEAN'S breast the hat gaioo bv QU'euly drawing down his sharp liouf ala ig his vieiim'- si-I-nace. and downwaids does the ILI-ENI!'OH-ELII,I^ AS effectively as any Japan< se with his sharp <»I r-L T..11-: it is very dangerous to COME to clo-E quarl-r- wi;U •a strong OLD man kangaroo. If It.- should fai; ia his kind intentions in rinning open II:s INLVITCI:".-, the kangaroo, after .-ecurely embracing the f run I\ can hop along with a mail so imprisoned. l'I-on-il,; V in a wrestling arena lie would thus seize his op;-.o iienf, and wiihone bound jti MI over the Iteiels of some of the spectators, a nunpiiment W!:I'-R 1 ILL" Devon or Cornish wrestler coni.L noi return. X » accident, however, happened ,-it Tunic hunt. INS; ill the horseracing Mr. Frederick Parker we hear broke his collar bone by ilis horse faUinr. Tin -C periodical sports, got up by >!R. '.Viilselee, are go V through with au amount, of I-L.IN —wi:h a LF-iriinc-is and with a tas'e and fiuUli liia: soe.IK well I-.;- the bos .itabie host to whom we wi-H many iiapi.Y returns of the season. Tliey indicate that squatting proper is fast fading away in our immediate neighbourhood. and that the system between the K-lward and the Murray will soon give place to freeholders great and small. The natural SEQUENCE of soua!- ting IS passing awav. as it ought to do. quietly hut surely as settlement of a more permanent character demand*. Mil. C. FKATHEHSTOMIAUWI. -This gent'.emanViiisolvency refers to some old claims a.amst him when he was one of a tirm of squatters in land, who, like many others, came to grief in that country, which has proved the GMV« of hopes IIM-; shared ill by many of OUR most ENTERPRISING pioneors. For some time lir. J'ethi-istonli.-.ugh LI.-IV been general supi ri:ite:idc;it 011 a large .-I|U.itti:IG property belonging to Messrs. IV .V.I and ICIN'.EN. AN-I though he is A stianger to us, yet we hnv.; HEAR i suliicient of hitn to SATISFY NS that ITE is N-.t likely T, shirk uis pecuniary responsibilities. His laic partners have also. we hear. Install in the Quennslan-. I squatting vortex, s-> Mr. Feathciston!,.-.n-. bound to seek for protection from the In; j Court. They had to surrender their slatim an.I J stock to the mortgagees, and to rid him.s-'If le-a'iy I of the wlK'le of -.he debts due. Si.ciivd or un-eeniv 1. 01\. tbe station (upward* of fjo.oiio) Mr. IVaih. r- stonhaugh put the whole of tlietn iu his scle--lute. 1 The large debt and the small assets altraci :n:ention, but tbe principal debts are paid, being seenivi' us stated. The defi-ciemtv. therefore, is. as v.-e ar-.. assured, only nominal. When a squatter h-rom-, insolvent, (to-the credit of tbe eiass it doe-- not oMen occur), he disappears from the sipsatiing woivl. like Professor's Pepper's ghost disappear* f:-ii:i theatrical stage-he is wiped out. The gees swallow up everything, and often get by (••1:- rving on the station more I;:KII ills ii; the J.. i hen; are seldom any large ai.-jount of sma'J debts left u e- paid by squatters who generally manage to discharge these before they assign- they then, as stated, give up everything to ih-eir principal cr <1 - tor, aud to free themselves Ic-ga!!v they s.-ek tl t- Insolvcnt Court. The deficiency is almost invariably only nominal, its in the gentleman's case abovn referred to. We refer to this subject bcc.nnc 1:1.; Cifiis and Slv.rr"y, Aii-n-tis-'r hail done .«•> in a strain tending to reflect sligntlv 011 Mr. Feiihe:-. stonhaugli, and several other Victorian journal:; cojued the paragraph from the paper n.ti!ii<i. Tun' \VI:ATI!I:II.—'1 H--: fine da>s of bite culminated on Thursday night at Deniliquin in a lie.ivy storm of lightning and rain. Heavy clouds werseen at sundown in the north-west the lightning was at first confined to one spot in the sky iu this quarter, but it worked round slowly to th-southwest. displaying itself brilliantly in an an; extending over forty or fifty degrees. At tianat .c fluid was in sheet lightning—discharging fn ni one cloud to another—then again came a power.n! discharge of forked or zig-zag lightning liireci :•> the earth, to be followed by what is very uun-I, this forked lightning darting at great length; horisontally from cloud to cloud. About haif-iu-L eight p.m. the rain descended heavily, and fell ii: great quantities for about two hours. As the storm passed over the town k announced its presence i y a tremendous dap of thund&t;^ListUitJvJtsis immediately after the lightning. taeIf in the north east having ttti&^deaS&fr; : w-1#> cott-rstnearly 200 degrees. .'j^^jt^ii^pfF^nar : #ai{t|bjk# closed a scene in the- jfer ^fiipdeur, has seldom been surpass^rfa-.'onr nsqaWy still atmosphere. Friday was-.-fltafc- 'though electric clouds hung about, and more rat) fell. "IN- TJIE NAMI: OF TIIB 1 PROFIT'—Kios!''—Sonic splendid ripe green figs from Burton's Redha.ik Garden have been selling at Deniliquin during tiio week at only one shilling per pound Pour of these figs weighed a pound, and the wonder is that they are not grown in larger quantities, say by the acre, seeing that they are 30 delicious and so Ileal by in a climate where IUI ample supply of fruit is necessary to preserve health. THE LO»O GIIASS.—Many settlers are making efforts to burn the long grass for distances around, their fences so as to enable them to protect the fences from an uncontrollable fire, but tliey ti.,:' much difficulty in thus causing the destruction of the grass in consequence of tbe quantity of young herbage which has sprung "tip between the higher sort. The late rains will add to the difiiculty o| squatters in the efforts thus made to protect tite runs from the effects of fire. THE Hon. John Robertson. Chief Secretary, states his principal reason for joining Sir James Martin's Ministry is his (Mr. Robertson's) anxious desire to he in the Cabinet when the new Lan.l Bill is to be submitted to the Assembly. THESE is (says the Gipyishind Timr-s) exhibit.-1 at the shop of Mr. Campbell, butcher, of Sa!o. tii" carcase of a twa-vear old sheep weighing 1 Willis., breil and fed by Mr. Montgomery, of the lieari, and a couple of lambs, bred bv Mr. Johnson. St. Leonards, weighing respectively seventy and uinety pounds. CHRISTMAS DAV passed away quietly at Deniliquin. The Church of England and the Wesley an services were well attended. O.T BOXING DAY there were some races for saddles, &c.;, 011 Deniliquin course. NEW YEAR'S EVK.—The Wesleyans and their friends at Deniliqiiin iutend to meet :-.t dev. n o'clock on Saturday night, to we'eom.; the new year in tbe usual way. The meeting will be ar the Court- house, where ail persons desirous of attending are hereby earnestly invited. DENILIQUIN SONS OF TEMPERANCE.—This soeiety is getting on very well, which we are glad to hear, but as it has been so recently initiated here the. Sons of Temperance are not yet capable of making any such great demonstration as it is hoped thao they will in another twelve months. PRESBVTERIAN SABBATH SCHOOL.—WM. Officer, Esq., J.P., of Zara, has generously forwarded to Mr. John Andrew, the superintendent of this school, £2 2s in aid of the feast and fcr the libra reattached to the school. Mrs. M'Kenzie, Mayoress of Deniliquin. has sent a tine ham for 'he pio.,,,-. Mr. Mvles Patterson, il. 