PROGRESS OF DISCUSSION. I ? ? '' ft ? . ' Every week brings us nearer to an event more full of promise for the Church and for human society, than any which has concerned the interests of either for more than three hundred years. The definition of Papal Infallibility, which all true Chris tians will accept with joy as a decree of the Holy Ghost, will be at once a new procla mation of the social sovereignty of Jesus Christ, against which the world every where rebels ; a solemn affirmation of the principle of authority and of the Creator's lnalienaoie rigni; to me ooeaienee oi ms creatures ; and finally, a supreme triumph granted by God to His Church over the powers of darkness. We continue to re- , cord, as far as the materials at our dispo- j sal enable us to do so, the successive steps by which this magnificent result is being attained. The prayers foi the Council continued in Rome during a whole week. Long pro cessions passed .through the streets pre ceded by the Cross and chanting litanies, to the church appointed each day for this special devotion. As each group retired, after accomplishing this duty ot faith and love, it was succeeded by another. Every class was represented in these processions. The place of honour was given to the Cross-bearer. At the head of one group it was borne by a Bishop, Vicar- Apo&tolic; , in Polynesia. One of his native floek is a Pontifical Zouave, and two are pupils of Propaganda. ' France has been in Algeria a long time,' obseives a French writer in Rome, ' and has not yet, I believe, ac complished the same result I' The Arch bishop of Smyrna carried the Cross at the head of another procession, and among his followers were two Bishops, the one Vicar Apostolic in Abyssinia, the other in Pekin. From morn till eve the processions con tinued, the canticles were sung, the prayers offered, and who shall say with what persuasive force the voices of that Christian choius ascended to Heaven 1 Bishops and priests, nobles and peasants, women and children, all animated by the seme faith and the same^hope, despising worldly motives and human intrigues, cried aloud to God to come to the help of His people. Such prayers are never offered in vain. In a little while we shall see their fruit. We return to the sessions of the Coun cil. On the 13th the seventieth General Congregation assembled. The amend ments on the proemium of the Schema De Ecchsia Ghristi were put to the vote one Dy One, sbluGl a UJ.aviUUJ.ao ui Yvii.iv/.u. aix cjlux nent Irish Prelate, the Archbishop of Cashel, explained the views of the Com mission on the proposed amendments. In every case, to the great joy of the Fathers the vote was almost unanimous, and the amendments were rejected. ' The following was the form of procedure. An officer of the Council read the amendment, and then added : Qui admittunt surgant. He then said : Qui rejiciunty surgant. His Eminence the Cardinal President then announced that five Fathers desired to speak on the third chapter before its discussion was finally closed. They were Cardinal Pitra, Mgr. Regnault, Bishop of Chartres; Mgr. Colet, Bishop of Lucpn; Mgr. Ramirez y Vasquez, Bishop of Badajos ; Mgr. de Dreux-Breze, Bishop of Moulins ; and Mgr. Caixal y Estrade, Bishop of Urgel. When these Prelates had spoken the session was closed. The discourse of Cardinal Pitra, the illustrious Benedictine, is said to have been a compo sition of rare excellence, delivered in the purest Ciceronian Latin, and proving the dogma of infallibility from Oriental autho lities. The works of his Eminence on the liturgies of the East are well known by all students of ritualistic literature. On the 14th, in the seventy-first Gene ral Congregation, the Council was ad dressed by Mgr. Haynald, Archbishop ojf Colocza; Mgr. Yussef, Patriarch of AntiL och, of the Melchite rite : Mgr. Bravard^ 1 Bishop of Coutances; Mgr. de Martin, Bishop of Goltelli Nuovo ; Mgr. Kre mentz, Bishop of Ermeland; Mgr. Vancsa, ???? Archbishop of Fogarach; and Mgr. Frep pel, Bishop of Angers. The discussion of c the third chapter was then closed. On the 15th, in the seventy-second General Congregation, the vote was taken ? on the amendments proposed in the first ' and second chapters. The report of the Commission on these amendments was *'; made by Mgr. d'Avanzo, ^Bishop of Calvi1 and Teano, one of the moat learned Pre lates of Italy, in a speech which is said to have occupied an hour and a quarter. The conclusions of the Commission were adopted by the immense majority of the Fathers, and the discussion of the fourth chapter, on the Infallibility of the Roman Pontiff, was then opeued. It was an nounced that, up to that date, 74 Fathers had inscribed their names as intending to speak. Only two did so on this occasion, the Cardinal Archbishop of Bes&ngon;, and the Cardinal Archbishop of Vienna. One of our Roman correspondents ob serves that it is difficult to see how the definition can be made on the Feast of SS. Peter and Paul. A great number of Bishops will desire to speak, though pro bably not all who have inscribed their names. Abstracting Sundays, the anniver saries of the election and coronation of Pius IX, and the Feast of Saint John the Baptist, only eight days would remain available for discussion before the 29 th. But times and seasons are in the hand of God, and we have only to wait with patience for the end. . The same correspondent assures us that the discourse of Mgr. Freppel, the new Bishop of Angers, was one of the most remarkable which has been delivered. He spoke as the representative of the true tra ditions of the French Sorbonne, and indig nantly repudiated the erroneous doctrine of its present chief officer on Papal Infalli bility. ' I speak,' lie is reported to have said, ' in the name, not of the Sorbonne of today, with which I have little in common, but in the name of the Sorbonne where I learned devotion to the Church and ardent love towards the Holy See.' Then turn ing in succession to each of the French Bishops who have opposed the definition, and addressing them personally, he refuted their arguments with a vigour, eloquence, and learning which produced a deep im pression on the whole assembly. In the seventy-third General Congre gation, held on the 18th, addresses were delivered by their Eminences Cardinal Pitra ; Cardinal Guidi, Archbishop of Bo logna; Cardinal de Bonnechose, Archbishop of Rouen ; and Cardinal Cullen, Archbi shop of Dublin. More than 100 Fathers have inscribed their names as intending to speak, of whom the greater number belong to the majority. If, therefore, the discus sion should be closed, as is probable, before all have been heard, it is not the minority who will have a right to complain. 