gwfefagg i x m famtotx guttcft. RULE ERITAMIIA OR INO?—Mr. Punch extends the right band ot fraternal congratulation IO M. Leseepe, because M. Lesseps has made a large cut throueli the Isthmus of buc-z. That large cut, however, is a channel, anJ Mr. Punch hopes there will be no difficulty about ihe louimmil of the Cham el Fleet. PALM AM QCI MERUIT FERAT.—The Suez Canal is opened, uiid its projector, we are told, is to be made a Senator and a Duke of France, in commemoration of the g; eat event. We congratulate M. de LeesepBon twoihings—on getting through the DeEertp, and on getting his deserts. FKU&TBATE; THEIR KNAVISH THICKS.—Now the Isthmus of £ urz Canal is open, let us hope it will thorten our way to iDdia. Let us also hope that, designing interference th-rewith, none of your foreigners will be at a<<y of their Isthmian Gjiihes WAS HE A CONStEVAIlVE OR A LIBEKAL. Mr. Punch—1 have ceased to iead the useless life of my sex. 1 have laid aride the needle and the crochet-hook for ever, escaped from Berlin wool to German neology, closed the frivolous piano, foreaken the humiliating kitchen, exchauged fiction lor physiography, and am altogether indifferent as to winter fashions. I am working at the classics, medicine, gymnastics, the physical sciences, psychology, Mr. SI ill's logic, but, above all, I consume the milniilit paraffin over politics. An annouueemeut, therefere, that a Fellow of BallioL has undertaken to edit the 1Politics of Aristotle for the Clarendon Press series'" rouses my curiosity, (the only feminine weakness I retain), and induces me to ftfck you what Aristotle's politics were, as 1 have, iot the first time this November, taken part in the elccticn of Town Councillors ror my native borough, Uldfud, and hope, before Many years are over, to march with my cincurichiscd sisters to the poll, and participate in tho choice of its Parliamentary repitteinativos. SARAH GERMANICA J0DSIRITH. OHATIFTIKG. Kich City JIan (wno'neverridts upon leas than " a hundred"). "Yes, new horse. Bought him last month. What do you think 1 gave for him?"* Country Friend—"O fiiteen pounds, perhaps. Got him for Cub-Buuaiiy, I suppose. Any ' screw' dots for that!" NEWS FROM THE KILE'S HEAD, 'lis as Sir Roderick foretold; His word by fact Is ciowned: For Aflica's explorer buid . Turns up all safe and sound. To that wliicn lying natives said The contraiy is bliown. Those knaves asserted him stouc dead; But there is LivingRtone. SOLEMN JEST. —Where should Postmen be buried? In a Post-crypt. Too Tbdp.—Where are domestic pickles kept?— In matrimonial jarc. CULTURE FOB THE MILLION; OR, SOCIETY AS IT MAT BE. • A FSIEND IN NEFD.—" Did you ring. Duchess?" "Yes, Thomas. Have you such a tliiag as an English Dictionary?" "Well, no - I find I don't require one. But—a—what particular word may your Grace happen to want?" VEHT VULGAR BELL. " You ought not to come to our dance in boots with nails in'em." "1 haven't." " Then you've had your toes cut oft," HOUSEHOLD HECIPES. To Destroy Black Beetles.—Turn a pack of foxhounds into the kitchen. ' To Cure Smoky Chimneys.—Discontinue fires. To get lid of Ghosts.—Dee disinfectiug fluid eopicusly. To Expel Dry-Bot—Soak the places affected with the finest dry sherry. To get the Servants up early in the Morning.— Send them to bed early at night. To Revive tjhe Fire—Tie up the front door knocker in a white kid glove. To prevent the Beer going too Fast—Possess the key to the mystery. To avoid Draughts.—Don't take anv. To destroy Moths.—Collect butterflies. How to keep Plate dean.—Wrapped up in silvei paper. How to dispose of Old Newspapers.—Put them Into the brown study. 