REVIEW. ; -w.- i (from the Graphic May "23 LoTjiAin by the Right Hon. B. Disraeli. London. Longmans. ' '. A NEw novel by Mr. Disraeli has been a literary sensation more than once. Are there any veterans, we wonder, who distinctly recollect that caused by " Vivian Grey a book written while, its author was in his teens, yet full of something which is a very good imitation of knowledge of the world? In those days " young Disraeli " and the two Bulwer's, vigorously precocious, very intimate allies, with a firm resolve e to startle the world if they might not reform it, and with a great penchant for dressing themselves picturesquely in black velvet. In his preface to the re- print of this first work of his, Mr. Disraeli tells us that " book is written by boys, which pretend to give li pic- ? ture of manners, and to deal in knowledge of human nature, must necessarily be founded on affectation." Although this is true, yet does " Vivian Grey '' contain an amount of humorous character painting and of epigrammatic conversation which is perfectly marvellous ; indeed, while the latter part of the story is extremely dull, the commencement has more buoyed fancy and brilliancy than anything its author has since produced. It is the gay extravaganza of a clever and dauntless boy just entering the world. The frolic fantastic style has a curious charm ; you cannot help being infected by the ii liter's inexhaustible volatility and vivacity. ' , ; Our personal recollection extends to the time when Young England wore its waistcoats white as snow, and Smythe, member for Canterbury (afterwards Lord Strangford), wrote his famous ballad., and Disraeli made him the hero of " Coningsby." " Conceived and partly executed amid the glades and galleries of the Deepdene," it was dedicated to Henry Hope, and its professed design was to " picture the development of the new and better mind of England." Whatever may be thought of the success which attended this design, it is certain that the book contains some capital character painting, and abundant epigram of unrivalled terseness, Rigby, the vitriolic critic-" no one could lash a woman like Rigby "-Mr. Wordy's history of Europe in forty volumes, proving that Providence is always on the side of the Tories the marvellous progressiveness of Mr. G. O, A, Head and the mystical utterances of the oracular Sidonia, such are the points in which Mr. Disraeli excels all other writers of fiction. He sketches his characters a few brief sentences, but they are unmistakable. Dis sarcasms- are like the sharp touches of a rapier's point. In " Coningsby," we are disposed to think, his most felicitous qualities culminated, yet assuredly " Sybil " is a most remarkable book, with more powerful writing in it than any of its? predecessors. "Tan- cred," though full of cleverness, is inferior as a work of art, and unsatisfactorily vague. Now we ' have " Lothair,'' which, of" course, everybody has been already rushing to read. What shall we say of it: ' "Well, there is a family of charming young ladies in the book, one of whom makes this remark, ',' My brother says we are all too much alike, "and. that Bertha St. Aldegone. would be perfect if she had no sisters." Something like this may be said of l " Lothair ;" it is too much like its author's other books. "We should enjoy it more if we had not read "The Young Duke,'"' and "Tancred." The notion is a young liable, with princely estates and high aspirations, who does not know what creed or what career to choose, is a manifest favourite! with Mr. Disraeli. Perhaps his first attempt to work it out, though made bills forty years ago, is more successful than the latter ones. The Duke of St. James is a more interesting and a more probable personage than either Tancred or Lothair. Concerning neither Asian Mystery nor (Ecumenical Council does he perplex himself, ' but falls in love and runs in debt right lucidly. Mr. Disraeli's latter heroes are too transcendental and too sentimental. Lothair, for example, is almost the least interesting character in the book which bears his name. So weak and colourless is he that we ' , wonder Lady Corisande is in love with him. I Corisande-that is the fair fantastic name of the charming heroine, loveliest of the group of Duke's daughters, whom we meet on the threshold of the late. Not to many men is it given to attack a man a duke, and likewise to make his daughter n heroine. Corisande sounds like a name from a fairy tale ; it is, with the difference we believe of a -Potter, a favourite baptismal name in the ducal house of Grarriont. Mr. Disraeli is fond of sketching the characters he sees around him. Some of his portraits, as that) of Count D'Orsay in " Henrietta Temple," and of Lord Lonsdale in "Tancred," are photographic in their accuracy. In the present work there are no sketches of such exactitude, but less formal likenesses of people to be met in society crowd the pages. It will be a nice amusements or the ingenious reader to guess at the originals. 1 Simple enough, though not very probable, is Mr. Disraeli's story. Lothair is a young noble of high rank and immense estates. He is left an orphan with two guardians-one a Scotch Presbytorianlpcer and the other an English clergyman who has gone over to Home and become a cardinal. Lothair comes of age with his head full of vague notions, political and religious and his education in these matters is under- taken by two ladies of-widely different views. One is Clare Arundel, a charming daughter of Rome, intensely in earnest, who betake herself to a convent when she finally fails in Catholicism Lothair. The other is an Italian , lady, brought up amid revolu- tions, and wedded to an adventurous American colonel, she is styled Theodora, is in close alliance with Garibaldi, and may be described as something between Ristori and the lady once known as Miss Meriton White. Enchanted and mag- devised by her, Lothair turns out as a Garibaldian volunteer, is wounded at Montana, and taken to Rome. Their Miss Arundel and the priests get hold of him ; the Virgin is said to work a miracle in his favour, and he is very nearly won over. But the ghost of Theodora, who had died of a wound received in a skirmish, appeals to him in the Coliseum and prevents his perversion. So he get! away from his sacerdotal friends, and, after a trip to Jerusalem, comes back and marries Lady Corisande, living happily ever after, according to the good old story book fashion. This is a slight narrative enough, and those parts of it which deal with the Garibaldian expedition, and with the priestly attempts to pervert the hero, are uncommonly dull reading. No man can put English politics into a novel more brilliantly than Mr. Disraeli ; no writer has so light a hand for the Tadpoles and Tapers, the club quadrants' and intriguing fine ladies, the debates and demagogues of our home arena, but he really becomes greasy when he describes plotting' Fenians and fierce Garibaldian, and Cardinals and Monsignor enthusiastic about the Oecumenical Council. By the way, an odd slip of the pen (vol. ii. p. 251) betrays the original of one of these ecclesiastical dignitaries. While, however, the story is slight, and its political episodes are uninteresting, it contains an immense amount of Mr. Disraeli's most vivid character sketch- ing and most pungent epigram. Cardinal Grandison is a sketch of the Roman prelates from a point of view unlike Mr. Browning's when he made Bishop Blou germ confess his weaknesses, but the novelist's crea- tion turns out eventually quite as unscrupulous as the poet's. Mr. Putney Giles, Lothair's solicitor and chief agent, is capitally depicted ; so is his wife Apol loving, niece of an! Irish peer, whose " principal mission was to destroy the Papacy and to secure Italian unity." (Piles, for some inexplicable reason, had been christened Putney and the lady never dropped that territorial appellation. Then we have the Duke of Bicton, and Lord st. Aldegonde, who is heir to a dukedom, and who has married a sister of the lovely Lady Corisande'. The Duke of Brecon is a wonder of the heroine, and St. Aldcgone hates him, though the reasons he gives for his detestation vary. "Sometimes it was because the Duke drove piebalds ; sometimes "because he had a large sum in the Funds, which St. Alde- goods thought disgraceful for a duke ; sometimes because he wore a particular sort of hat, though, with respect to this last allegation, it does not follow that St. Aldcgone was justified in his criticism, fur in all these matters St. Alde- goods was himself very deficient, and had once strolled up St. James's-street with his dishevelled locks crowned with a wide-awake. Whatever might be the cause, St. Aldcgone generally wound-up tell you what, Bertha, if Corisande marries that fellow, I have made up my mind to go to the Indian Ocean. It is a country I never have seen, and Pinto tells me you cannot do it well under five years.' " St. Aldcgone is quite the most amusing and rarest character in the book. There is a capital scene at Lothair place, on a Sunday morning, when the bishop of the diocese is to preach in the chapel of the castle. St. Aldegonde horrifies everyone by coming to breakfast in a shooting jacket ofbroiinvehct, a pink shirt, no cravat, and his rich brown looks more dishevelled than usual. . After breakfast, the bishop is talking suavely with the ladies who cluster somewhat adoringly round him. " Lord St. Aldegonde, who, whether there were a fire or not always stood with his back to the fire- place, with his hands in his pockets, moved dis- ' courteously among them, assumed his usual position, and listened, as it were, grimly for a few moments, to their talk ; then he suddenly exclaimed, into loud voice, and with the groan of a rebellious Titan, 1" How I hate Sunday " For the results of this appalling ejaculation we refer the inquisitive leader to the book itself. i Brancepeth, " celebrated for his dinners, still more for Ms guests," is another brilliant little sketch. With him St. Aldegonde, who hates dining out, is reluctantly induced to dine, and cats nothing, superb as are the menus; and when pressed to take some- thing, asks for some cold meat. Then there is [Pinto, a Portuguese, who has mysteriously obtained a prominent position in English society. " His conversation was sparkling, interesting, and fluent, yet it was observed that he never gave an opinion on any subject, and never told an anecdote. Indeed, he would sometimes remark, " when a man fell into his anecdotage it was a sign for him to retire from the world." The aphorism is true, and tile paronomasia is not bad : 'ai'tVcooroc means never before issued-but has anybody ever heard advance note which is not in Joe Miller's Repertory ? Pinto, being complimented on the English, thus responds ; " English is an expressive language, but not difficult to master. Its range is limited. It consists, as far as I can observe, of four words-nice, jolly, charm-, ing, and bore and some grammarians and land." Not a bad criticism of the people who use slang, which is the language of such human beings us are incapable of thought. ! Next in originality to Lord St. Aldogonde is the portrait of Gaston Phoebus, the successful artist ; a man of limitless vigour and vanity. _ Of Gaston family, the old type was reproduced in this prosperous painter. " The was the Gascon noble of the sixteenth century, with all his brilliancy, bravery, arid boastfulness ยก equally vain, arrogant, and eccentric _ accomplished in all the daring or the graceful pursuits of man, yet nursed in all the philosophy or our times." It is easy to see of whom Mr Disraeli was thinking, though he has. heightened the colouring of his picture. In the best of modern artists there is a combative chivalrous spirit, and you can see that they would handle rapier as deftly and dexterously as pencil. Mr. Phoebus detests the Semitic race, and loses no opportunity of inculcating Aryan principles of at " the art of design in a country inhabited by a first late nice and where the laws, the manners, the | customs, are calculated to maintain the health and beauty of a first-rate race Semitism has destroyed part it taught man to despise his. own body, and the essence of art is to honour the human frame and the goes on, when explaining his ideas to Lothair, to make statements which are startling to say the least. " Books are fatal ; they are the pulse of the human race. Nine-tenths of existing books are nonsense, and the clever books are the refutation of that nonsense. The 1 greatest misfortune that ever befell man was; the i invention of printing. Printing has destroyed edu i cation .... What I admire in the order to which you belong is that they do live in the air that they excel in athletic sports that they can only speak one language and that they never read. This is not a complete education, but it is the highest education since the Greek," Our young patricians may feel themselves in some degree encouraged and comforted hythe heterodox opinions of Mr. Gaston habits. But we can fancy we behold Mr. Matthew Arnold, his right hand pointing to the silent spires and massive towers and busy gundi angles of Oxford, it While he exclaims. " There are tim joining barbarians all at pie.)." That Mr. Disraeli discomfits Ids artist, and makes . Semitic principles stronger than Aryan, will of course be anticipated by all who remember Sidonia's lecture to Coningsby, fluent yet mysterious, what time they drank perry together at an inn buried deep in the forest of Sherwood. With all that, he has evidently sketched the painter with infinite enjoyment ; i and when he gets him on board his yacht, and sends him out to an Aegean island with his beautiful wife, and her sister aptly named Euphrosyne, and Lothair as their guest, the scene becomes pure idyl. i If there were space, we might indicate many more of Mr. Disraeli's brilliant and fantastic sketches. But we must sum up briefly. The book is nothing as a story, or as a work of art, but it is a gallery of the richest and most varied portraiture. Its author has the power which belonged to Titian, Vandyke, Reynolds. The can paint men and women. He makes ' them move and live. He knows all octaves and nuances of our higher Society. He can reproduce the , conversation of gentlemen and ladies, when wittiest and pleasanter. His groups are equal to ! Watteau, his comedy to Congreve. Anrlhe is, after his, unique -he is Disraeli. > as, a 