THE DOGMA. OF INFALLIBILITY. (From the Times, December 16 ) , | IN the Homily delivered by the Pope at the opening of the (Ecumenical Council, as conveyed to the world in a telegraphic summary, his Holiness was reported to have said that " the Church was stronger than Heaven itself." We awaited an explanation of this apparently unintelligible expression, and we find it in plain words in the text of the Allocation itself, which has reached us by post. The Holy Father did really say that the Church was stronger than Heaven itself; but he grounded his saying, first, on the authority of St. John Chrysostom, then on that verse of Holy Writ, " Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." He somewhat quibbled between Heaven as implying the Maker of all things and Heaven as part of the things made, and simply meant that the Church was stronger than the physical world-a superiority which, in a general sense, may be claimed by all mind over all matter. What was originally the Bishop of Home grew into a Bishop of Bishops, and into a Vicar of Christ ; but, in his own estimation, and in that of his most zealous worshippers, the Pope is more than that. He himself wishes to be held the sole depositary of the words of eternal truth," and the Ultramontane papers devoted to him blas- phemous described him as " the Son of God," adding that "when the Pope thinks, it is God who thinks in him." And, further The Church of God, they say, is made in the semblance of the Holy Trinity. As the Father begot the Son, and from Father and Son proceeds the Holy Ghost', so the Pope begets the Bishops, and from the Pope and the Bishops proceeds the Holy Ghost." We beg to assure the reader that it is not without the greatest repugnance we make room in our columns for these profanities. But we do not know how otherwise to show to what extent the infatuation of Pius IX. has emboldened his JeBuitieal supporters. The Pope looks upon human society as it exists as the work of the " Old Enemy.'' He speaks of a widely-spread wicked conspiracy of the impious, strong in union, powerful in wealth, and protected by institutions against which the Church is to put forth her strength, taking her stand on that Rock against which " the gates of Hell shall not prevail." The Church is summoned to do battle; she must seek her efficiency in strict discipline ; Catholic Christendom is to have only one mind and will one infallible head. In order to enable herself to go forth and bend the world to her views, the Church must organise herself on the principle of the narrowest despotism. This is, perhaps, the first instance in which the representatives of any community have been brought together, not for the purpose of defining or establish- ing, but of renouncing their liberties in which the States-General are deliberating on what terms they may contrive to give themselves up most unconditionally, bound hands and feet, into the power of their monarch. But it is not without an object that the members of the Council are thus bidden to surrender at discretion. It is not without some prospect of compensation that such a proof of self-denial is demanded of them. Let them acknowledge the Park's Infallibility, and they will in some measure be par- takers of it. The apotheosis of the Head will throw divine light over the whole body. Let the Bishops fall down and worship the Pope, and he will deliver as slaves into their hands all the dioceses of the earth. Strange to say, even with this tempting bait, some of the Prelates now assembled at the Vatican are not to be caught. They oppose the promulgation of the Dogma, although, while it makes the Pope into the " Master," it would confer upon them the attributes of the " Twelve." There Tire men of little faith among them-men of the world, convinced that Infallibility will not go down with it on any terms. Their impression is that Rome is not of this age and one of them, an American, thinks that no Pope, after election, should be allowed to occupy the Holy See without a three years' previous residence in the United States, where he should divest himself of his obsolete Italian notions, and go through an apprenticeship of the wants and tendencies of the living generation." Upon whatever inspiration the Pope may be said to act, its influence does not equally affect the whole hierarchy. REVOLTING CRUELTY TO AN IDIOT BROTHERLY shocking story from Ancoats is reported by the Manchester Guardian. A man named Thomas Lightfoot, a grocer, carrying on business in Every-street, Ancoats, was taken into custody on a charge of confining his brother in the cellar of his house, and generally neglecting him. The means of the confined man, who is blind and idiotic, attracted the attention of the policeman on the beat on Tuesday night ; but, the window of the cellar being boarded up, he was unable to discover whence they proceeded. " The house was entered on Wednesday and searched. In the cellar, in which there was no fire, a man, about sixty years of age, was found lying in a corner, in a most filthy condition, with nothing to cover him but an old horse rug and some rags. He was shivering from cold, and, judging from appearance, his clothes had not been changed for years. His hair, which was thick and bushy, hung matted over his shoulders and his beard and whiskers, which had recently been worn one, were shaved off one side of his face. He was so bent and weak that he was unable to walk, and the officers had to carry him out of the cellar and convey him to the police station. When given food he ate ravenously, although those who had him in charge say he was regularly provided with three meals a-day, and that previous to Monday there. was a fire in the cellar. The neighbours say that the unfortunate man, whose name is Samuel Lightfoot, has been confined in the same place for six years, but that previous to his becoming unable to walk he was allowed to go into the back yard It is within the knowledge of the police that he was in the keeping of his brother five or six years ago, but for a long time they had lost sight of him His father, who was in easy circumstances, left him an annuity 1 le money was paid to his brother quarterly by the executor who always understood that he was in good health and comfortable "WoNlEiaULltAriMTY 01 PltOTOailA.1 of Agnes - The image of the full moon can be had in less than one fourth of a second, and that of the sun instants neously According to the experiments of Mr. Waterhouse, a space of time no longer than one twenty seven thousandth of a second is required to fix the solar mingo Even this small fraction however, inconceivably short as it appears, u a tolerable length of time compared with that in which photographs are taken by the electric flash The duration of the illuminating sparks, according to the beautiful and trustworthy experiments of Mr Wheat- stone with his delicate threescore, does not exceed the millionth part of a second, and yet a clear and distinct photographic image is obtained by a single electric discharge By this means may be shown the real forms of objects to which a deep tone appearance is given by their rapid movement If a wheel on whose side any figure is drawn in conspicuous lines be made to rotate with the greatest possible velocity, the figures will present to the eye only a series of concentric bands of different shades Lot 1 now be photographed while in motion by the electric flash, and the wheel will appear stationary with the figure perfectly well defined A vein of water issuing from a small orifice, which appears to the eve as smooth as a stem of crystal, if seen or photographed by the light of the electric discharge, is shown to be composed of drops variously disposed and of various forms, came being elongated, others flattened, and others almost spherical THE \ sermons Legislature has passed a bill holding liquor dealers responsible for the damage to person or property done by those obtaining liquors of them | [An intelligent gentleman from Jewry, on his first visit to an American church, had a contribution box with a hole in the top presented to him, and whispered to the collector, "I done it got mein bapers unt can t vote 