MIRACLE-WORKING IN LONDON. A man, calling himself Dr. Newton, who [ asserts that he has received power to perform miracles, has been inviting the aick and maimed to attend at Cambridge Hall, Newman-street,'i Oxford-street, to experience the benefit of "his miraculous agency. Af gentleman, writing to a contemporary, thus describes the proceedings : -—About one hundred persons of both sexes were crowded together at the upper end .of the hall, and in the centre of a small space between , them and the platform stood Dr. Newton in his "shirt-sleeves, calling upon the diseased to come forward and be healed. Grouped in" different . parts of-the hall were some .blind, many.lame,^ ajnd many paralysed persons waiting for an op portunity to get to the front. In his frequent explanatory remarks to the people ground him, lie said he did not perform; the miracles by his .own power, but"by the Divine power which was ;given him for the purpose, and. by the presence ,'of which in the hall every one was blessed. When a patient was placed in his hands he would make some such speech as the following, which was literally made in one instance"It is by love this is done, especially;1 female.love. You must love the' doctor. You must believe j in him." After calling upon God.and the-holy angels to help him, he would usually pass his 'hands over the face and limb3 of the patients, "jerk his own limbs about, as if through a-shock of electricity, and then declare them cured; or, if it were very apparent that they were not I cjired, he would assert that they were partially cured, and would totally recover in a given time. Sometimes the Doctor would asspfi that the disease was too far gone'to be entirely re moved, and sometimes be would, refuse to attempt tbe cure. He announced that if any were too iick to be brought to him, their friends might bring any. article belonging to them, and through that article he woiild effect their , cure. Popkethandkerchiefs, a waistcoat, gloves, &o.f; presumably of sick persons, were handed to him. These he would.-squeeze, . and, calling upon "'God and the holy angels,3' "" the" Divine power," or "the Holy Ghost," he would order the disease .to leave the person to whom the j article belonged, and would "then declare them cured or fast recovering. Men and> women suf I feringfrom various forms of partial lameness were put through their facings in a painfully j.shuffling manner, and were, then almost per; "'shaded that they-had-been-cured-; but tbe con tortions of their countenances, in their nnavail- , ing endeavors to realise the cure, ludicrously, upset thfe would-be miracle, and the delusion was more fully dispelled when they attempted toj walk from the hall. A poor woman was carried up the hall in a chair, and placed before the Doctor. She was unable to walk without 1 the assistance of crutches, or the aid of other persons. The Doctor first of all called upon Mr to love and believe in him, and then kneel ing down, he passed his hand over her legs ; several times. He next stood up, and com manded her to rise. The poor woman straggled hard to obey, but was unable to do so. He 'lifted her out of the seat, and half- dragged her Across the floor, notwithstanding her cries of pain, telling her she was able to walk. Having taken her some yards, he suddenly left her standing alone,_ and commanded her to walk back to the_ chair. She straggled to obey, but screamed with agony whioh the effort caused her, and would have , fallen to the ground had she not been supported by two persons, who led her away. A blind man, who had been led into the magic circle, remained standing near the Doctor for a long time, but no notice of this was taken by hi™ until his attention was .forcibly drawn to tbe man by a woman, who begged him to give the blind man sight. He walked up to the man, looked at him, and said, ,f' I can't do it." Great confusion followed this announcement, and a deaf.. man, whom the Doctor had failed to curej but who watched the proceedings closely, and ;his: friendk, coin-! menced denouncing the operator as an impostor [[and swindler,Jand called upon him, if Jib.~Md the" power he. claimed, ho. core, the blinchjrnan. [The supporters of the Doctor' proposed to turn ithe denouncers out, .but, this was not attempted, iGerierat attention naving' been' directed 'to the .'case of the blind and deaf man, .the Doctor [attempted to get over the difficulty created by jthe blind man by saying that he did not profess to cure the worst cases of blindness, ana with .referehee to the deaf man he said the' drums of [his ears were gone, and the'Holy Ghost wouhh [have to' perform an-act-!of creation instead of jcure -in- order to give him hearing. Several other cases- were submitted is,the Doctor,' but [the result in every instance was the same. As the people were leaving the hall, Dr.UewtonT Jeffered to give a Divine blessing to all who would pass in procession, by him, and some eighty or ninety persons actually ; accepted his .benediction.' . • •--- * . . , -ry? • 