'AUDI ALTERAM PARTEM." CHRISTMAS. Next always to New Year's Day, Christmas has been, and will ever be, the subject of more moralizing than auy other day in the Calender. Say " Christmas, " and presto! you a ,- e delu )jed and overwhelmed by oceans of sage reflection upon the flight of time—'' Time, the great conqueror, as penny-a-liners say,—« inding up with " good advice " of the most undeniable appropriateness, respectability and originality. There are few to whom this "advice " is superfluous, fewer who do not most desperately need to follow it.. But alas, they are fewer still who will for a moment heed it. The Saturday Review tdh^prttofthe quantity of good advice produced, is out of all proportion to the quantity which ever comes to anything. Just now this commodity is more than usually at a discount, and we do not intend to cast any of our Own -manufac- ture into the market. We would simply express the hope that the " festive season " will be spent throughout the colony— and of course particularly in Gawler— with as much happiness as may be. For the last three or four years it would have required the fortified spirit of Mark Tapley himself to have passed the Christmas season jollily. It is slow work dancing unless the ringing cbime of loose cash be heard in the breeches pocket. And a field blushing with the roseate hue of red rnst, or standing up with shameless aadr^ntsbiHsfiSig 'effrontery under three bushels to the acre, is a weight upon the most bouyant spirit; a grim ghost -whose skinny forefinger represses the most heroic endeavor to feel jolly, and strangles ere it is chuckled the merry laugh of the holiday maker. ' This year however we are thankful to say things are vastly different. The prospects of the colony were never better, and there is nothing, generally speaking, to prevent every inhabitant of South Australia, from His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, to the boots at the smallest of all small bush hostleries, spending the holidays merrily. We are denied the pleasures of an English Christmas, snow, ice, crisp bracing air, roaring fires, drawn curtains and all the charms of a merry winter day and night. We are much more likely to swelter, witb many an anathema, through a Christmas Eve with the thermometer at 120 everywhere, than to sing songs and tell legends round a blazing hearth ; and it is certainly more probable that instead of the sweet voices of carol singers ringing out upon the morning air the words of the old, old wait-^- " God bless you. merry eentlemepj For this is Christmas Day." . . We shall hear the -whirr, and feel ±he;hot breath of a simoon. But if it shoul^ be no,' why, never mind, put on as pleasant a face as possible, a pair of white pants. a dust coat, and keep your equanimity of temper. Remember that there are compensating circumstances in every difficulty, and though the heat may be fatal to an appetite for the doubly cooked beef, aud render the plum pudding an oleaginous abomination ; though it put out of the question enjoyment of the fragrant toddy which which will be brewed and sipped round so many firesides in Old England, it certainly enhances the exquisite coolness and refreshing delicacy of His Excellency's iced champagne, and of the "shandygaff" quaffed by " Boots 1 ' at the " Cock and Porterbottle." We heartily wish our readers A MERRY CHRISTMAS. 