ORANGE STORIES, --No. 1. 33 K S T I 3V Y . r , B v "Daylight." ' ' Gh,u7teu 'ill. IP <a man s earnestness in any given pursuit is to be measured by the resistance wliich he offers to anytliing that may step in to divert liis mind from it, -Mark Anthony's sincerity in regarding and observing the reading ot morning priijrers as a paramount duty will in future be questioned by no one. His eifrnestness was put to a severe trial next morning, at an early hour, and in a manner c.aleulated to throw him off liis guard. Ho le.ss a personage than Mr. Buez. himself was knocking loudly at the office-door, and shouting, "Get un — I sav. get up. both o' ye; for a steamer's at the wharf with the Ariadne pas sengers !" AVlien Buzz, had e.xclaiiiied these words, ,ho , took to his heels towards the wharf. It was like lum. It had been a favourite sub ject, of his leaders for months past to advocate the introduction of po)ulation to the Burnett District. His leaders demonstrated to a " T " that M.aryborough would prosper— would pro- gi-ess like Melbourne, if, like the mighty stream of people that llowed to that wonderful city, ships of iminigi-ants ivonld sail up the M.iry Hiver. His leaders, however, were silent on the subject of attraction, probably because there ' w.as no yellow phantom — no digging for gold at that time in or about , the district. He was aware, doubtless, that very little writing was . needed to induce people to come to a gold-xiro- ducing district, and that, therefore, a district that had no golden charms or any other to invite the iminigraut demanded the full xilay of a writer's powers. '.Uhe importation of popula tion was regarded by Buzz, as the importation of c.axiital. He never dreamt that .a" shixiload of immigrants might bring to a townshiji as nUich poverty as riches. He wanted readers for his paper, just as the xmblicah craved for customers to drink his liquors, or the baker de.sired caters for tlie sale of his loaves. And so, Mr. Buzz. , full of enthusiasm, was on his way to see what had been the subject of his dreams and leaders for montlis — a aarr/o of neio. chuvis. Mark Anthony, too, av.as a w.arm sujiporter of 'Mr. Buzz, on tlie subject, and was almost as en thusiastic ; whUo Oliver Montgomery, never having troubled himself on the subject, only felt anxious to see if there was .any familiar f.ace . from the old country. "Look shaiqi, .and lot's aw.ay," said Oliver. " After 1. say jmayers,". answered Mark. " Oli !— you can p.ayjjrayers when j'ou.come b.ack,". said. Oliver. "Not for a colonial goveriiorshqi," answered Mark. , Oliver looked sinqn-ised at Mark; but the latter quietly ofiened his chest, took out his Prayer- book, and commenced to read, when Oliver, impatient and somewhat angry — forgive him, reader — opened the door, ran out, and left the individual who w.as never seen to Laugh in Maryborough to xn'osecuto,. uninternqitcdlj' and alone, his morning devotions. "When Oliver arrived at the wharf, the immi grants had not only Lauded, but were bre.akf.ast- iug in a wooden shed tli.at luad been erected for tlieir reception, and which was dignilled with the name of "The Immigr.ant's DexJot." Some 500 in .all were discussing sheexi and bullock that liad liocn killed and cooked the niglit xn'c- vibusly, with tliat avidity cliaractcristic of axXJO- tifcus that h.avc been estranged from fresh moat aigl A-egctables during a long and inoiiotouous p.assagc sueli as the Ariadne's, Avliieh extended over a XJoriod of live months. The scene Avhich they presented Avas truly grotesque and intcr- e.sting. Thoughtfulness Avas banished from every countenance. Everyone seemed to be- licA'c it to be his or lier duty io e.at — to concentrate attention on his xdate or cuxi for full fifteen minutes. Here sat an old Ai'oraan, qiicking a bone ; there a young man, Arith a leg of mutton in Ills fists ; yonder a young niakUm, taking advant.age of the oxixwrtunity to satisfy inclina tion at the exxiensc of etiquette — a' sxdendid opportunity, as cvci ybodj's attention Avas trans fixed on hijnself,"''ancl Avhat he AA'as eating. Wlien the rough edge of , their hunger Avas blunted — an axqietitc in'sxiired by a fifteen hours' absti nence from food, or rather food's .abstinence from - axipotitc — a general conyei-sation set in,, interrupted noAV and then by .attention being c.alled to the line sxiectacle wliich a gi- ouxj of" children Xirnscnted, Avho Avcre holding iqi in . their hands lumps of beef and mutton, .and AA'aving bones, half-stripxied, as if shaking them in 'Hunger's, face, or as if defying Starvation to Xnvt his nose Avithin the precincts of the Depot. This spectacle suggested . the idea of all joining in singing the chorus of a song, Avhich Avas A'ery appropriate to the occasion, namely — ." Hard times come again no more !" ; . : The air Avas led by a Paisley AveiiA'cr, Avhb was knoAvn in that toAvn to have been a xirecentor in one of the churches for more than twenty years ; aa-hUe the choral department Avas enter ed hito Avith unhj'pcci'ified spirif by allthe others — iien, Avoineu, and children. Consxiicubiis among the choristers, Avas a Kilmarnock SAveex) .and two colliers from NeAVcastle-on-Tyne, Avho, regardless of " time " or harmony, g.aAm full vent to their feelings on the burden of their song, each shouldering, .at the same time, a child Avith a bone m its fist ; Avhilo. one or tAVo maidens, blushing under a lousciousness of their CAV.i a'oc.al XJOAVcrs, Avarbled awayTike nightingales. Tears ran dpAvn many cheeks — tears that were Xirompted not only by the Avords— , " Hard times come again no more," but 'by a seeming belief that the hard time.s com- XJlained of Avero noAV for ever over, and by a gi'.atitudo arising out of that belief; Even Buzz. axJXieared to be alicctc'd : for the tears trickled down his nose in unforbidden gushes ; A'diile OliA'er, too, Avept like a child. The Paisley weaver Avas beginning the first hue of the la.t a'cirsp Avhen, suddenly and universally, a loiid b\irst of laugiiter broke out ftpm the immigrants, '.riii.s, at first,- threw OliA'cr into great confusion, .as all faces Avere directed toiv.ards the sxjot. . Avhere he stood but, on turning himself round, lie discovered at his b!ick the true object of their mirth. It Avas M.ark Anthony — tall, slender, serious, funereal Mark Anthony. The furore cre.atcd by his appearance dismissed the song as magie.ally as a scene-shifter in a theatre transports tlie g.aze of an audience from toAvn to country. The x>i'ecentor himself laughed in such a Avay as to x>ut his song for a time beyond the x>alo of approach. Even the children gig gled, and Avagged sheep-bones at him. 'When the commotion subsided — Avhich lasted some five minutes — one of the Newc.astle colliers alluded to got up in a Demosthenic attitude toAvards M.ark, and shouted, — " Thou co'mest in such a questionable shaiie that, on beh.alf of this peoxilc and myself, I adjure thee to tell me Avhart thou is — .art Death, art a ghost, or, he.avcn defend us, art an undertaker V" Tliis elicited laughter from a foAA' ; but a glance at the faces of the majority might easily liaAm shoAvii that, so far from regarding Mark as asupernatur.albeing, they felt abashed at thcii\OAvn imxirudence, and somewhat disxileased at the A'ulgar and imxm- dent sxieech of the collier. Mark, hoAveA'cr, took it all as a m.atter of course, and ca'eu seemed a little satisfied to have sueh an unmis takable fulfilment of his belief, viz. , that he Avas destined to be laughed at. He merely looked his usual look, Avhich seemed to say : — " Oh ! aa'hen Ai'ill youboAvise?" Mr. Buzz., Avho Avas quite at home, then stood uxi, and made the foUoAving sxieech - . " My respected; iminigr.ants, — Language, hoAV- ever choice oripathetic, Avould fail to convey to you the feelings of joy Avhich I noAV exxierience at seeing so many haxixiy faces in a toAAOi aa'hich, though in its infancy, is destined to afford com fortable homes 'iio many of you. . (Loud cheers, and cries of hear, hear he.ar. ) Maryborough may Avell x"-it on her bridal garments to-day ; for she noAV Avitnesscs a croAvd of people Avhoso oli'sxiring .are to husband her to the end of Time. (Loud .axixilausc. ) As- the xiroxirietor. aud editor of the Martihorou<ih C'lironiele — as oiio Avho has been agitating for poxiulation to settle doAvn oil the a'crnal banks of this xiellucid aa'ater — (xioint- ing to the Mary lliver) — Avhere Hunger dare not shoAV his face — (hear, he.ar, hear) — I Avould a'cn- ture to offer you a foAV Avords of advice. Mr. Jordan has xiiotui-ed to you, in gloAving terms, the aa'ealth, the beauty, the gracious atmosxiherc, and the other -blessings Avhich are to be foiind in Queensland. Noav, mark Avhat I s.ay — (xiro- found attention.) He has not oA'erdraAvn his Xiictuj'e ; but some of you may haim done so. We.alth and comfort are not to lie found here for nothing. If you Avant comfort, you must work to obtain it ; if you Avant to bo rich, 'you must live frug.ally ; for improvidence in this El Dorado, as in other countries, meets out ts OAvn retribution in the shape of xiovcrty and dis.axi- .Xioiutment. But living frug.ally here Avould be considei'cd liA'ing extraA'agaiitly at home ; for you can htiA'c meat and mutton every day, as they are only a xJonny or twoxionce a xiound. (Loud cheering,, and cries of hear, hear, he.ar, from the P.aisley AveaA'«rs. ) I shall not xiroceed further on this subjeot, as the Bev. Mr. llobuts, the Baxitist minister, intends deliveriiig an address to you on this subject on Sunday' night' ne.\t. With regard to the object of your recent merriment, alloAA' me to introduce to you. Mark Anthony, aa'Iio is a comxiositor, a faithful cmxiloyee of my oum ; and, also, Oliver Montgomery, avIio" has lately .arrived from' GlasgoAV. Pcrhaxjs some tAvo girls . of the seventy iioAv xirescnt may be destined to com- Xianion them through life." (Axixilmise and laughter. ) SAvarms , of immigrants surrounded Oliver, to detect, if xiossible, a face Avhich they might haA'o knoAvn in GlasgoAV — but he aa'as a stranger to them. GroAvds also surrounded the faithful enqiloyee that had the terrible Homan n.ame ; Avhile others talked iVAV.ay to Buzz oil fortune, labour, and colonial exxierience. One of these — an indiA'idual that Avill figure in future eh.apters — AA'.as xLartic'ularly lorjnacions. "My name, sur," said he, "is Pat Shea. I belong to Glonmel, in the ' county of Tipper.ary ; and by the sacred crook of St. Patrick, I SAvear, th.at if Jordan has des.aA'cd me, Biddie, and my childer, by bringing us hare for nothin', I'll go back and bre.ak every bone in his body — troth if I dont !" Some of tiie NcAveastlc colliers aud Paisley Avca-A'crs indulged in threats to the - same xmrxiort ; but the eloixuhnce of the grcM Buzz, restored them to tranquility, by .assuring them that, Aidiereas in the old country a man might Xiersevei-e andiiot succeed, in Queensland success oA'eryAvhere croAviied x'ersever.ance. Mr. Buzz, then intimated his intention of xircsenting them aa'ith a free coxjy of the Chronicle, aa'ith a list of their names, sketch of the xiissage, and-AvIiich Avould be Aery accexitable to their friends in the mother country. This intim.ation mot Avith Avarm exxiressions of thanks ;'nx)on v.-hich, Mr. Buzz, rcxilied — "The only return I auk is, that as I and my tAA'O men here are going to the ofliee Xiresently, you unite in a body and sing Old Hundred." And so they tlid, in good style- after Avhichj'Biizz., Mark, and Oliver xn'oceeded to the oliice. . T'lnien the two compositors 'finished their days' Avork,' they felt disinclined to go to suxqier, or even to Avalk. MoA'cd by some my-sterious in fluence, they rexiaired to their room, Avh ere they sat for a Avholc hour, sUerit aud uncohcious of oho .another. Oliver took ux) his X)en, and beg.an to Avrite something Avhieh seemed to .absorb his Avhole mind. His - face Av.as .alternately red and xi.ale ; .and, if his face Avas to be reg.arded as a faithful mirror of his thoughts, something a'ery toiuncnting Avas x>lnying aa'ith them. Mark, on the otlier hand, Avas copying something from a XJoetical aa'ork, on the other side of the table. He looked miser.able, xi.ale, and ca'cii Avild. Some- time ho suddenly cl.asxied Ins lie.ad aa'ith his tAA'o hands, as if holding it ux) under the mighty aa'eight of. some thought too lieaA'y for it iinsuxi- Xiorted, .and noAV and anon groaiiing in a manner tliat aa'ould xiroA'c rather iinxdcasant if xiroceed- ing from iiiulerthe bedstead of anyone frightened " for ghosts." -It Avas ' oiio of these groans th.at aAA'oke OliA'cr from the obliA-ion he had been in for a Avhole hour, and AA'hich xn'onqited the qiics tion, " What ails you, MarkV" "Por the first time, to be candid, I .am in love — desxierately in love ; that's Avhat's uxi witli me !" returned me lancholy Mark. "And so ani I," shouted OliA'cr. ."Ayith aa'honi," insisted Mark. "A young immigrant," returned OliA'er, '"And so am I," seriously broke in lAlark. " If she Avhom you are smitten aa'ith Avere as lovely as the maiden that liaiuits me, and whose axipcarance has inspired me to Avrite the lines contained in this sheet of xiaper, you aa'ouH have good reason to talk of being desperitjely in lo\'e," retorted Oliver. " The maiden," anSAvered Mark, "that has stolen my lioarti sir, is a perfect angel — if angels .appe.arin the shape of Avomeu — a 'maiden, sir, Avhose loveliness surxi.asses that of Queen Clcoxiatra, of Egyxitian celebrity, and Avhom M.ark Anthony of Iloman history Avas so des- Xienately enamoured of !" " That m.ay bo," au- sAVcrcd Oliver, " But the a'ision of beauty — the incarnation of loveliness — the divme maid Avhich I refer to even cclixises your modern Gleoxiatra !" " Hoav do you knoAV ?" .asked Mark. "Because. " ansAvored Oliver, ' ' I have seen every girl in the dexiot ; and none 'of them can compare avith mine— that is, the maid 1 refer to !" "There may be, sir," said Mark, " a great de.al of truth in the saying that ' avhat may be one's honey m.ay be .another's x>oison ;' and it is quite xmssi- ble, sir, th.at the nuaid I refer to is, in point of be.aiity, to my mind, far more f.ascinating tljan the one you sxieak of. But, be that as, it may, sir, aa'ill you f.aa'our me by reading the lines you liave penned." "I shall not refuse you," an- SAvered Oliver. There avas something so emxiha- tic in the Avord " refuse" and the tone in avhich it Avas said, that M.ark looked toAvards the chest Avhich contauied the mysterious volume avhich he had on the day xiroviously refused Oliver a glauee at ; but Oliver, seeing the intended force bf:'iii emxih.asis duly interpreted, and-to xircA'cnt Avqrds being introduced foreign to the subject of theff<e|torsatipjiyad his poem, a few linos of AvMcEraii|s '' H.ail,'love!'maiciendy4Avho can rival tliee Eor beauty, grace, or simxile niajesty? ' All ! AA'hen I saav thee — bonniest, sAA'cetest lass — iSjfi.urage fled, my feet refused to p.ass Tho.Sgcied sxiot AA'hcre thou, bccLad in green, Stooay;oking round, contemplating the scene; Thy brbAAsenfjiie, thy cheeks of rosy hue, ' ' 'L'liy killing eyes' of; deex) celestial blue. Thy xiinky lixjs.oxie'd to my ,'Avitched sight, Bevealing teeth of .alab.aster white Thy long dishevell'd hair, jet as thdslbe',' .''v' iPl.ayed Avith the avinds of heaventb'''a1(idjrdb''i.v'-; With aU. the charms one mortal f.ace can AveaiS - Perchance, indeed, Avitli one or tavo to spare, G.azing on me, tliou didst not seem to sec A youth struck speechless by a sight of tlieo,!. :, Oh ! mortal xncture of the good aboA'e, ; Af' What saint could look on thee and thee" not loA'e ? — My soul g.aA'e .audience to thy xncicing glance ; 'By turns it AA'eiit and danced (if souls can dance); Confounded, dumb, electrified, I stood, Hor could I change my aavkavard attitude ! When OliA'er had finished reading his xioem of love, Avhich talked extensively in the fr.antie style of AA'hich the aboA'c lines are a sxiecimen, Mark enthusi.asticially cxcl.aimed — " Bravo, OliA'er, bravo ; guide your intellect, sir, guide it ; and I feel bound to xn'cdict, sir, tliat you avill be the Tennyson or LongfelloAV of this piart of the Avorld." OliA'er r.ather liked this enlqgiiim of Mark's ; but, anxious to kiioAV avhat 'Mark had been Avriting, he asked, "AVillyou, iioav. liaa'c the goodness to readme your — " " Not mine's, sir," returned Mark. " Longfelloav's ! LongfeUoAv's." " Have you been eoxiyiiig something from Long- felloAA', then?" enquired Oliver. "Yes," re-- turned Mark. "A verse, expressing, be.auti- fullj', lioAV I feel. LongfclloAA', sir, avhile ad dressing his children avho avere xdaying innocent tricks iixioii him, rcxiroaclies them, sir, in aa'ords Avhich I now rexiroach my Glcoxi.atra !" " Wh.at are they?" asked Olia'cr. " They are, sir,' these : — " I'll xiut you doAvn into the round tooA'cr Of my heart ; And I'll keep you there, For cA'er aud a day !" " The deexiest .and the grandest sentiment CA'er the human he.art scut iix) to human ears," shouted Oliver. "What- I have written is rubbish, nonsense, moonshine, compared aa'ith it ; and I congratulate you that, in the aa'hole r.ange of x>oetry, ancient . or modern, not oiic a'crse is discoverable to comxiete avith it for avh.at it av.as originally axixihed to — n.amely, the ex- Xiression of a father's deex> loA'c for liis children — or for aa'hat you avould ; nbav axixdy it to — the .language of .a smitten heart !" "To bre.ak the subject, sir," said Mark, someaA'hat x'le.ased, "let us read xwayers." In a moment, the iu- ea'itable Pr.aycr-book aa'as in his hands; and in .another ten minutes the tAA'o lie.art-Avoiinded eomxiositors Avere in bed; dre.aming of c.athed- rals, bridal robes, oUa'cs, Gleoxiatra, and Tihe eclipses of love and beauty. . (To be continued.) , - Topvtuee in RoMisn GoKA'en'r.s.— At the Ghel- tenhiim meeting of the Scottish Beformation (Society s classes, held last.Aveek under the xwe- sideiicy of the -lleA'. Dr. IValker, — An address AA'as delia'crcd by Mr. T. G. Oavcns, avho in.the course of it said that he had lirouglit aa'ith him_a fcAV instruments of torture avhieh aa'cre used in tlie convents of England. 'There avcre eliams aa'hich he xn'oduced, aiid 'aa'liicli caused great sensation amongst the audioncc, in aa'hich .sxiikes Avere fixed to be avoiui round the body and Avrist, and another for the arms ; but time avonld not alloAA'him to do more than exhibit them that ca'cnuig. There aa'as an instrument for making five Avounds in the breast and other parts of the body. . 'Then there AA'as an iron cat or, AA'liip avith scA'on tails aiid thirty-seven sharxi sxiikos, he could not gia'e the exact name of it, but told that it AA'as for the xiurpose of lacerating the back until .the blood iloAA'ed doAVu. (Sensation.) "Here is another," he exclaimed, and at the same time produced a a'ery formidable affair, made xn'in- cipally Avitli iron, avith iiiiie iron tails, and aa'hich ho justly observed, if a person avas seen using it upon a horse or. dog in Gheltenham, he aa'ouid be fined lieaA'ily for cruelty to animals. Several other instruments avere xiroduced, and- after describing the various uses to avliich tliey Avere xmt, he ina'itcd .any among the audience to inspect them at the close' of the meeting. He Xiroeeeded to urge as a xiractic.al lesson, "No- peace aa'ith Borne, the enemy of God's truth." . , 