Humors of the Day. FAREWELL TO FOLLY. RALPH BROOKES. FARIWELL landlordS, farewell Jerry. Farewell brandy, wine, and sherry; Farewell horrors of blue devils, Farewell dens of midnight revels; rareweu shoes that have bo soles on. Farewell tires that have uo coal* otr Farewell 10U and aU »ot feeder*. Farewell rogues and all rogue breeders • Farewell cupboard* that have no meat la* Farewell chain that hare no teat* la; Farewell children with wry facet, Farewell to all the popshop places: Farewell landlords and your spouse*. Farewell spider* and your houses ; Farewell to your noise and rabble, Farewell to such foolish gabble; Farewell wash and all wash Tendon, Farewell bums and all bum senders; Farewell pockets that are empty. Farewell landlords, you're had plenty. Sooth Brisbane, June SO, 1870. " Tbt/b jp thb Cobs."—A food apple. Ivtxxpxbatb Lahovaqs.—" Let's imbibe." Evbbgbbbxi.—Those who don't take the papers. Thb Britn of thi Tom.—The ghost of Hamlet's father. Wra must time hang up bit scythe P" When he shall be no mower. What kind of a face should an auctioneer hare P A face that it for- bidding. A widow is usually a practical creature, who M mend*- her condition " by repairing. \- Yotoq ladies of the lower parlor" is what the kitchen girls of Boston call themselves. A POOB fellow who had pawned his watch Mid that he had raised money with a lever. " Ams you looking for any one in partio'larP" as the rat said when he saw the oat a watebing for him. A Tbadb that Vbtr Fails.--Wo miller need ever be out of employment, for he oan alwaya grind his teeth. A Good Judokmtt.—He hath a good judg* ment that relieth not wholly on his own, nor wholly on that of others. Do So. —Cherish the tender buds of piety, and they will bloom with benevolence among tht flowers of spiritualised intellect. Thb most disagreeable two-legged animal ia the world is a little great man j and the next, • little great man's private secretary. Thb selectmen of a Connecticut town adver tise a reward of $25 for the return of a stolen hearse " with the body of the thief inside." MI ax sorry to say," said a sheriff to a hand* some young widow, " that I bare an attachment for you." "I am happy to say, sir, that it isn't mutual" MYors colors are beautiful," said a deeply rouged lady to a portrait-painter. " Yes/ answered he i " your ladyship and I deal at the same shop." Whbv should a woman go into the timber basinets P When she jnnet for her lover, who is a spruce young man, and of whom she thinks a great deal. "I m astonished, my dear Miss Rosa, at your sentiments ; you make me start." " Well, sir, I have been wishing you would start for the last half-hour." A* old bachelor lays, "It is all nonsense to pretend that love is blind. I never yet knew a ■nan in love that did not see ten times as much in his sweetheart as I could." " Havb you ever seen the Prince of Wales*" asked a lady of an old salt. " Certainly, mann, aaw prints of 'em in the primer long afore I ever went to sea, 1* said Tarpaulin. Latest vbom Sum.—Our own correspondent, who has just returned from Buex, where he has been spending.some time among the Arabs, says that the native chiefs are no great sheikfl. (Please pronounce eorrtotly— shakes!) A Chicago paper says that at a reoent meet ing of the Common Council of that city, every member called every other member a thief and a liar, and that there was never so much truth spoken in that body before. MiSTBSM: " What are yon doing, Bridget P" Bridget (a new arrival) < " Drawing out mos quito stings from the poor child's hands, mum." Mistress (after an examination) : " Why, they are not mosquito stings \ they are priokly pear prickles." A stupid fellow, having sold all his goods except his feather-bed, at last made away with that too } and his conduot being reproved by by some of bis friendi, " Why," said he, "I am very well, thank fortune, and why should X keen my bed?" A tall, maseuline-feajtured woman, fifty seven years old, and weighing 180 pounds, hat been elected Justice of the Peace, at South Past, Wyoming Territory. She wears a calico gown when on the bench, and is said to make an im pressive court. A bailob, while preparing potatoes for the cook's use, was asked by s gentleman on board, what he called thote things in his country. I' Call them, your bonorP " replied Jack, " why, in my country, when we want those things, we fetch themj we don't call them !" Son time since a gentleman died who, during life, refused to believe in any future punishment. Two or three weeks after his demise bis wife received, through a medium, a communication, which read as follows: "Dear wife, I now believe. Plesse send me my thin clothes and a barrel of ice-water." Ik a small shop*window in Faubourg St. Germain, Paris, is the advertisement of a patent ink-stand, in four languages. It is to bo hoped the two other versions of the French announce ment are as good as the English one, which says t "People wishes to sell out at very good eon* dition this patent right, which will offer much profit to those who would try to value it." A DIgugPKCTFDX. fop having attempted to qois a venerable Quaker, the latter quietly answered his questions, and then said, " Vow thou hast been free with me, pray let me ask thee a question. Where was Jacob going when he was turned of ten years of age P canst thou tell that P" " No, nor you either, I believe.* " Yes, I oan," replied the Quaker. "He wae going into his eleventh year, was he not P" At a cabinet meeting during Mr. Lincoln's administration, the Secretary of War, Mr. Stan ton, asked the President " whether a man pos sessing genius without perseverance and sta bility, or one of a dull but assiduous character. was the more likely to prove successful in life.** Mr. Lincoln, after a little reflection, replied that "it was a difficult question to decide, sinoe it was impossible to throw a straw to a great dis tance, and almost equally the case with a ton." Three brothers, bearing a remarkable resem- blance to each other, recently went into the same barber-shop, and on the same day, to be shaved; one going in the morning, the other at noon, and the third at night. When the last one appeared, the barber, who was a German, dropped his razor in astonishment, and ex- claimed : " Veil, dat man hash de fashtest beard I never saw ; I shaves him dis mornin', shaves him at dinner- times, and he comes back now, mit his beard so long as it never vash." Economical Couxcil.—A Maryland eorree- * pondent has enjoyed an interview with a Mrs. Partington of that locality. The topic of con versation was the presei.t (Ecumenical Council at Borne, which moved her to say that " these Romanists do some good things after all. It was only the other day that one of their bishops put out his orders agin all this fine dressia' and extravagence in livin', and tellin 1, tlte people that it will bring them to ruin, which it wUl| and another bishop, a priest, told the people that all the pomp of funerals, now-adays, is wrong and niuful; and now here's an order right straight from the Popo hiriuelf calling on the whole world for an Economical Council! They do set us an example in some thing* I must say!" Ccttikg it Shobt.—A certain barber of our town, having great gift of gab, used to amuse his customers with his long yarns, while he went through his functions on their heads and faoes. One day an old codger came in, took his seat, ard ordered a shave and hair cut. The barber went to work, and began at the fame time one of his long stories, to the nolittle'diecatiifaction of the old gentleman, who, becoming irritated at the barber, said, •' Cut it short." " Yes, sir," said the barber, continuing the yarn, until the old gent again ordered,—" Cut it short, I say, cut it short!" " Yes, sir," clipping away, and gabbling the faMer. •' Cut it short, out it short, I say!" says the gent. <( Yes, sir," says the barber, going on with his story. " Will you cut it short, you, sir!" bawls the old gent in a rage. " Can't, sir," says the barber, " for if yoiHook in the glass, you'll see I hare cot it aU 08. 