BLENHEIM SPANIELS. No dogs are more generally in request and none are there whose varieties are greater than the spaniel. There is no breed of dogs that can boast a larger amount of sagacity, general use- fulness, and stronger attachment to man ; and there is no other whose frting powers and adaptability for snorting purposes are superior. Of all the kinds of spaniels the Blenheim breed has probably most degenerated, and been suffered to fall into the possession of a cites of persons who either cannot appreciate his good qualities, or are incapable of turning them to good account. Profitable use is made of the Blenheim truly; that is to say, he is rendered in order that he may enrich his owner by carrying off a prize at one or other of fiie numerous dog shews this glorious country now boasts. His local habitation is mostly in Long Acre, in the back slums of London, or occasionally in the parlors, and even the boudoirs of ladies, into which latter enviable retreat he has been sometimes suffered to enter upon payment by his fair proprietor of the trifling sum of twenty five pounds. A computation has been made—l am afraid to say how many years ago—that 5,000 small spaniels were, at the time, kept in London alone. A strong proof indeed that "there is no iog so universally in request as this." And Mr. Blaine, speaking of their use fulness and general attachment to man, says: — "Whenwesay this, we indude the whole family of spaniels generally, from the Alpine monster to the diminutive darling of my lady Blank." There was something prophetic of Hie degene ration likely to befall Blenheims and King Charleses when their original breeders were so anxious to prevent a. large extension of their fayonte families. His Grace the Duke of Nor folk would not part with one of bis black and tan spaniels of the King Charles breed without a strict promise from the receiver that he would not breed from it in the direct ?bc There is a story recorded in Blaine in proof of this extraordinary jealousy on (he part of the Duke. Mr. Blaine was accustomed to be con sulted on matters canine by the Duchess of x*brk, and on one occasion ** when accompany ing Her Royal Highness to her menagerie with almost a whole kennel of canine favorites behind her," that gentleman had the Honor of having his attention drawn to what her Royal Highness considered a present of very high value, a true spaniel of the King Charles breed, sent to her by the Duke of Norfolk. "But," she observed, "would you believe he could be so ungall&nt; as to write word that he must have a positive promise, not from myself, but from the Duke of York, that I should not breed from it in the direct line." The late Lady Spencer, who had an excessive partiality to Blenheims, " was so devoted to their wel fare that, we believe, she never wore a, pin in any part of her dress, fearing that it might be accidentally the means of wounding one of these favorites. They were, one and all, red and white, zealous hunters in the field, but required much trouble te break." Lady Spencer, although such a patroness of the Duke of Marlborough's pets, was not igno rant of their true vocation, and did not keep them merely for in-door amusement, nor feed and comb them into the miserable specimens we are accustomed to see at the present day. That there may be considerable difficulty experienced in breaking them for use with the gun, I am by no means able to disprove; but I cannot at all see why this should be the case any more than with other spaniels. If purity of strain has anything to do with amenity of discipline, surely the Blenheim spaniel should have nothing to fear from a comparisen with any other breed. That there are—or rather that there were— keen hunters, and beautiful to look at when at work, cannot be denied by any who have seen really good ones of their kind upon game, and under the command of a good sportsman who understood them. They are capital springers, and notwithstanding the restrictions laid upon the prorogation of their species by their first masters, they as well as the King Charles Vind have been plentifully bred and crossed with ad vantage to the general and extremely extensive spaniel family. That the Blenheim species itself, however, in its distinctive capacity is, and long has been, rapidly decreasing, may be soon ascertained as an undeniable fact by any person who has a desire to purchase one. The prices charged for the pet specimens now occasionally to be met with are frightfully exorbitant; and certainly an admirer of the British spaniel would hardly care to become the possessor of such utterly useless creatures. While, however, judges at dog shows award prizes for the snub-nosed, fat, and unshapely little Miiinti. exhibited about the country, emanating chiefly from the dog fanciers of London and Birmingham, there1 appears to be no hope for improvement in the breed. Mr. H. Wilsdon, who is—or recently was— in the service of the Duke of Marlborough, at Blenheim, is a breeder of the old original stock, and he has produced some excellent specimens. These will hunt beautifully, are hardy and useful, and need no more extra cara than an ordinary spaniel. According, however, to the present fashion of breeding Blenheims I do not think he would stand (he ghost of a chance for a prize against a regular pug-nosed beauty, bred and fed expressly for such a purpose. Indeed, I know that on one or two occasions, when some very good dogs of Mr. Wilsdon'a breed have been exhibited, preference has been given to others, which, in my humble judgment, were not nearly so handsome, and, I am cer tain, were not anything like so useful. Bull, thick-headed looking lumps of canine flesh these prize-winners were, with absolutely no thing to recommend them but a stupid sto lidity and a look of complete helplessness and uselessness. Unfortunately it is only necessary for one of these dogs to win a prize at some tole rably important meeting to secure for him a long run of «imil?r success at minor ones. It has been not unusual to attach a printed " bill of particulars " to the den of some toy dogs at shows actually before the judging has taken place, in order, presumably, that the intelli gence of the judges may be properly exercised, and that they may not be betrayed into the error of giving a decision in consonance with their own opinions and contrary to that for merly expressed. The unjustifiable attempt to "snatch a verdict" has been sometimes con demned, and the obnoxious placard consigned to limbo, but the exhibitor has not met with his well-merited reward in being prohibited and disqualified dc facto ; and the evil has been already committed by the exhibition of the placard, for what provincial quorum of judges —for the most part indifferent to the claims of small dogs, and looking with contempt on those " not used in field sports "—would dare to fly in the face of such positive excellence as that ? It is worthy of remark that the predominance of yellow is regarded as a. mark of superiority of breed in Blenheim spaniels by some fanciers, although those of Mr. Wilsdon, which there is at least some reason for believing have de scended from the original strain of the Duke of Marlborough, are not remarkable for a prepon derance of either red or white. Handsome Blenheims may still be had, and fashion may still be observed as in the case of other spaniels. At the first dog-show at Islington this fact was clear enough. Let the yellow be the character istic of superiority of blood by all means, and let the fanciers have theirtasteortheir judgment confirmed in this respect, for it is no doubt right; but let us have something better than drawing-room monstrosities. The judges at great shows cannot be too par ticular in the matter of their decisions, influ encing, as these must do, others at minor thows throughout the country. As matters have hitherto stood, if a fancier could only contrive to win a prize for any one of his stock at such an exhibition, he could calculate pretty surely upon obtaining a run of success throughout the provinces; and it was only for him to keep his loquacity well up to the mark among the public " to make a pretty good thing of it," and to ensure a ready market for his pnppies. Honor ary Secretaries, too, have at small gatherings been rathei officiously than officially ready to render assistance that has not been needed—the expressly stated business of those gentlemen having been "to be at hand to render whatever assistance judges may require."' The anxiety manifested by a secretary that the j udges should not fall into an error—such, for instance, as their passing over the acknowledged (nay the printed) merits of some fancy article in favor of something really genuine—has been carried so far as to induce the opinion that he has in reality been the judge. A. H. M. Lord Derby's Will.—The will of the late Eari of Derby was proved by bis eldest son, the present Eari, the sole executor. The per sonality was sworn under £250,000. His lord ship haa bequeathed to bis Countess an imme diate legacy of £3,000, and an annuity of £3,000 in addition to a Uke annuity under settlement, and closes the bequest to Her Ladyship in these words, "to whom, under God's providence, I have been indebted, far more than thirty-nine years (then in 1865) of much domestic happiness and uninterrupted harmony." He devises to his eldest son the manor of Knowsley, with all his estates In Lancaster, Chester, Westmore land, York, and Middlesex. To his second son, the Hon. Frederick Arthur Stanley, he leaves his estates in the counties of Limerick and Tipperary, and elsewhere in Ireland, with the j option of taking, within six months, the sum of £125,000 in lieu thereof. There are several other legacies to friends and servants. The Ddtt on Coffee.—The following letter appears in the Daily News: —*' To the Editor. — Sir—ln your leading article on the subject of taxation, you state that ' the duty on coffee is 3d. per lb., or from 26 to 30 per cent on its value in bond.' It should not be forgotten that this is on raw coffee—that coffee is unlike other articles—it cannot be used in the state on which J duty is paid. The 3d. per lb. duty is 28i. on 92 lbs. of roasted coffee, or about 3J.1. per lb. The present price of coffee in bond will be found to average about 655. per cwt, taking only clean sorts, fit for home consumption, and ex cluding Kio and garblings, which, of course, would make the average lower, and the duty relatively higher. It will be foand thus that the duty is 35a. on 655., or fully 51 per cent. ' instead of 25 to 30 per cent., as stated by you.— ; I am, be., James Cabthkw Quick.—Brighton,! March 30." I 