BIBLE REVISION. The recent action of the Convocation of Canterbury, under the leadership of the Bishop of Winchester, has fairly broitght 'before the Church the question of revising the authorised version of the Scriptures. This faithful translation has stood its ground for nearly three centuries, but in this re forming age it is accused of defects incident to advancing years. The Convocation of York does not exhibit the same restless spirit, but has adopted the views of the talented Archbishop of that province in deprecating change. Few questions admit of more theoretical arguments in their favour, whilst few are hedged in with so many practical difficulties. It is fairly argued that if the Word of God is to be given to our people in the ' vulgar tongue,' it ought to be in a form representing the original as closely as possible. We lay great stress on the inspiration of prophets and apostles; we cling to the belief that those holy men spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, so that the words originally em ployed represented the mind of God. But we cannot con ceal from ourselves that the Hebrew and Greek texts have suffered more or less from the inaccuracy and carelessness of ? transcribers, as well as from the wilful alterations of heretics, evidence of which is to be found by comparing the manu script copies which came from their hands. It is still more obvious that the work of translating the Bible into English has advanced by a series of efforts, the more recent exhibiting marked improvement on those which went before. We can trace the march of improvement from the version of Wick liffe to that of Tyndale, from Tyndale to Coverdale, thence to Cranmer's Great Bible, till we reach the version authorised by King James. In that which we read in our { churches we have confessedly an admirable translation. Dr Adam Clarke assigned to it a superiority over most of the European versions, and says that the translators have seized the veiy spirit and soul of the original, and expressed this almost everywhere with pathos and energy; that they not only made a standard translation, but made their translation the standard of our language. An American reviewer calls it euphonious, elegant, and lofty. It comprises few words now obsolete; it has itself preserved them from becoming obsolete. It has been an anchor to the English language, which had up to the time of its appearance been constantly fluctuating. But no one claims perfection for our version. It would admit of improvement in two particulars — the original text and the English translation. The labours of modern scholars, particularly in Germany, have resulted in bringing the former into a state more closely approximating to that of the inspired penmen, whilst the discussion by numberless critics and commentators of every line of our version has not failed to point oiit passages where amendment is desirable. A notable example of corruption of the text is to be found in the verse on the three heavenly witnesses (1 John v. 7), which occurs in the epistle for the First Sunday after Easter. Although this passage has found able de fenders, it is now almost universally regarded as spurious ; and indeed any one may, on examining the chapter in his English Bible, discover that the interpolation is a clog to the apostle's argument. From the numerous passages of which the translation is alleged to be deficient in force or accuracy, we will not attempt to select examples. There are howeVer, sources of obscurity which can readily be men tioned. Perhaps the most noteworthy of these is the neglect of the translators to give a uniform English equiva lent to the same Greek word. Thus ' to glory'7 and ' to boast' love and charity, atonement and reconciliation, are without any sufficient reason interchanged. Then again the division of the books into chapters is often faulty, the system of the paragraph Bibles being much preferable for exhibiting- the meaning of the sacred writers. These considerations show that there is room for a new version, which shall, in various points, be an improvement upon that of King James. It cannot be denied that Greek scholarship has made advances since the year 1611; that the progress of education in England, on the Continent of Europe, and in the United States, has multiplied the stu dents of the classical languages. It would not, therefore, be difficult so to divide the labour, and select translators competent tor each department, as that tiie start thus selected would be manifestly superior to King James's commissioners. In those days comparatively little was known of textual criticism, but during the last half-century this line of inquiry has been greatly developed, and many additional' MSS. have been brought from their hiding-places. The determination of the genuine text is not an exercise of taste, or dependent on the comprehension of the spirit of a language, but a collation of codices, a weighing of historical evidence. It involves the balancing of conflicting testimony, an accurate reckoning of probabilities that become reliable only by multiplying the aggregate of witnesses. In short, the study has become a science, in which the literati of the nineteenth century have established a quasi-monopoly, afford ing a presumption that Sciiolz and Tischendorf ai-e better able to decide the original text than Dr. Smith could have been, or Dr. Bilson, or any of King James's forty-seven translators. Another reason in favour of revision is that it does not necessarily involve such a change of style or diction as would cause a wide departure from the former version. King James demanded that the version commonly called the Bishops' Bible should be altered as little as the original would jjermit, and a similar injunction could be laid down in reference to any amendment of the version we now have. The Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol asserted, in Convoca-, tion, that a single alteration, often limited to an article or a pronoun, might suffice on an average for six verses, whilst the changes in the original text would be still less frequent. Thus the forcible Saxon of our version, together with its oriental tone, might remain as now our precious heritage, whilst all idea of modernising, or 'Frenchifying,' its style, would be abandoned from the outset. These reasons make a strong case for proposing a new revision, but should such an idea be carried into effect, we should earnestly deprecate the withdrawal of our present version. To such a course there are many obstacles that appear to us insuperable. Never again can any version be 'authorised' in the same degree as our own. This dis tinction was conferred by the eccentric monarch in rather despotic fashion, and the stipulations which he made with his translators were somewhat arbitrary. The Bishops' Bible was to be closely followed ; the old ecclesiastical words to be kept — 'church,' for example, not to be translated 'congregation;' and the division of the chapters not to be altered. Now, by a combination of circumstances which can never in the nature of things recur, the ' authority' of James I. has given one Bible to sixty millions of English speaking people — to American republicans as well as English royalists, to Scottish covenanters as well as English high churchmen. Indeed, the Americans are so well pleased ?with, the royal gift, that after their Bible Society had for six years issued a new version, they were glad to give up the novelty with the conviction that the 'old was better.' Where is now the 'authority' that could reach these sixty millions, or even a tenth of the vast number? Introduce a new English Bible, and this much-prized tiniformity is scat tered to the winds. The Bible Societies have contiibuted to this result. Their millions of copies have strengthened the hold not only which the Bible, but the authorised version, has upon the mass of English-speaking Protestants. We have committed to memory chapters and texts which we should be sorry to 'revise.' They are incorporated in our literature, they are graven on our tombstones, framed and glazed in fantastic illuminated characters, built into the very stones of our public buildings. Then again, woiild not the authorising of a revision be the signal for revisions endless? The Baptists would have their version, giving all promi nence to dipping; Socinians would demand the excision of much of St. John, as well as of the Epistle to the Hebrews; Broad Churchmen would not be satisfied with alterations limited to every sixth verse; whilst Mr. Mackonochie and Dr. Littledale would expect to substitute 'penance' for 'repentance,' and 'sacrament' for 'mystery.' The great est difficulty of all is that of determining the original text. The most distinguished scholars, inclusive of the Archbishop of York, assert that the science of textual criticism is yet in its infancy, that it will require years of labour to collate the various MSS., and offer results such as would ensure the consent of the majority of European scholars. A revision would confessedly be a valuable monument of the biblical scholarship of our day, a way-mark of pi*ogress, and a help of infinite use to preachers and students — but here we stop. The discussion of the subject has made it clear that, for all practical purposes, and especially for the establishing of Church doctrine, our version gives a most faithful reflex of the original, whilst comparatively little advantage would be offered to the mass of Christian people by any change. However glad we should be to see the highest talent of all denominations, not excluding learned Jews and Roman Catholics, brought to bear on the perfecting of both text and translation, we hope that the result of such labours may never be authorised. At best, the Queen in Council could give to the world a Church of England Bible, but the Irish Church might refuse to adopt it, and it is almost certain that other Christian bodies would, on a point so momentous, claim the fullest right of independent judgment. 