WATERHOUSE. (From our own Correspondent.) LYNDHURST, OCT 8. MINING. United Victorian and Tasmanian Com- pany.—I visited this Company's battery to- day, and carfully inspected the tailings, which had just passed through, and also those of a day or two ago, the latter I obtained several inches below the former, but failed to perceive a particle of quicksilver in them. The tailings were also much finer than those I have noticed heretofore. I understand the very finest gratings had been used for the quartz from the Southern Cross, and this may probably account for the difference. The old shaft on the claim is being continued, and is now down nearly one hundred feet, at which level I understand it is to be driven—north and south—a distance of fifty feet each way. The stone, I believe, has narrowed very con- siderably, but I do not think much of that, as it wedged in once before to fifteen inches, and then widened out again to six feet. I have known many reefs in Victoria go out to nothing for feet, and then make wider than ever. Fair prospects continue to be got from the stone which I referred to in my last as being the same reef thrown from its original position, and which was supposed at first to be a distinct leader, running east. From present appearances there can hardly be a doubt now, that it is the main reef, as the stone at about fifteen or twenty feet down dips rapidly west in the underlie, towards its old course. Immediately beneath the surface there is no change from the direction I pointed out in my last, viz.—north, 25 degrees east. The current rumour is that the present crushing will be equal to the last. Well, we can only hope so. United Northern, (Southern Cross Reef.) —The trial stone from this claim was finished yesterday, and the gold smelted to day. The yield I believe is nearly 12 dwts to the ton. This ought to pay handsomely, with a battery on the claim, considering the stone is got almost on the surface, and that the leaders have concentrated into a body of stone two feet thick. With a prospect like the above this company should be able to command any amount of funds to carry on with. Alliance Company.—This company have been engaged for some time erecting winding and pumping gear, but I understand the manager has knocked all the men off, with the exception of two or three, until he hears from town. Five of the miners left here, at daylight this morning for Launceston, en route for Ballarat. Many of the storekeepers, butchers, bakers, &c.;, are mourning their de- parture as a personal calamity. ENTERTAINMENT AT ST. LsEONAIn.-A mis cellaneous entertainment will be given at the St. Leonards -Institute to-morrow evening, at i seven o'clock, when the nominal fee of threeoo poneo will be charged for admission. Tu MArYon's CouRT.-About seventy sum meonses were issued against defaulting ratopay ers, who attended' the Mayor's court at the a Town Hall on Friday last, when the various I cases were disposed of by his Worship. ACCIDENT AT CLnisEN~ oN.-Georgo Wood rnle, a farm laborer, employed by James Cox, Esq., at Clarendon, broke his log in a peculiar manner on Saturday. night. He was walking along a thoroughfare on the estate when his. foot became fastened in a rut caused by a cart wheel, and falling he broke his leg a little above the uncle. He succeeded in attracting the attention of some one who was passing, 'and assistance having beeoon procured he wuis taken to a house where he remained till yesterday morning, when he was brought into town to the-- Hospital. Dr. Maddox immediately set the leg, which had sustained a simple fracture, and last, night the patient was progressing favorably. . - ARREST or 'CniNiMN CS'-Detectivo Foster, of.the Melbourne force, arrived here a day or two, ago from'Hobalirt Town, where he had boon for the purpose of bringing up a man named Andrew Forbes, who li was arrested on ii warrant from Victoriad, 'chaging him with attempting to 'commit a criminal assault, at' Sandridgd, on a woman nanied' Jordan. The police olficer, picked up the'wo??iin Tighe, apprehended here on a'charge of infanticide at. Melbourne, aniid leftfor that city by the s.s. Tasimr on Sunday with both the prisonors. LIABILITY. or SnAIEnHOLDERS IN MINING CONPANIES.---A decision of some importance to. shareholders.in mining companies was given in the Police Court yesterday. On Friday. week a, holder of shares in the. Albion Company was summoned by the manager for the amount of a call which had..been made .by the Company. Tho defendant's counsel, raised a point as to the liability of his.client on the ground that he had not signed. tho.doeed of association. A sale note was produced, by which it appeared that the defendant applied .for a promoter's share in a company.to.bo formed, for which he paid r80. Not having faith.in the company, how over, he refused.to sign the deed of association, preferring to lose.tho £80 he had paid. De clining to pay, the call, he was summoned, when the ojoection, before stated was raised. The; Police Magistrate, knowing many other cases depended on the decision of the disputed point, adjourned the hearing of the case for the purpose of obtaining the opinion of the Attor ney- General. That gentleman being busy with his Parliamentary dutios, it was referred to the Solicitor-Geneoral, whose opinion was made known yesterday. It was to the ellect that the "applicatio fdor'shares, if followed bjr an allotment of shares in ternms of the appliciation, forms a contract binding-on the applicafit and the company."' flio Boench accordingly de cidel in favor of thie Colpany, and made an order for the o'amountii cliind. The defehdant's counsel .raised'iioth'": ibjection, that the sale note given in liythe' prosecution could' not be received as evidence, on the ground of its il legality, it not 'lbeirng stamped in compliance with the, requirementse oif'the Stamp Act.' The Bench, howevei, loeir'?tled the objection, on the ground tliat th?? document was i6othine more than an "application. Sr. JOSEPR's.YOUNYo ENM 8 sG'CIATION.s A. lecture upon !'. ?oots. and Poetry" is an nounced to be. delivered.in the Society's s ll, Margaret-street,. to-morrow evening. oy Mr. Mf. A. Cleary. .The lecturer will " assisted by musical amateurs, who will ilustrate the subject by the performance of pections from the works of the great.massle"- Miss Green will. perform, on the pianrerto and harmo lnum, some of Mozart's msses. . ANNIVEsARY . SERVn s.-.On Sunday next the Brisbane-street unday School Anniver sary Services will 'o Ibold in the Mechanics' Institute.' A sergion will be preached in the afterron by the Rev. M. B. Brown rig, and ;. the evening by the Rev. A. W. Grant. FrPerth. Cwllections will be made at each ,rvice in aid of the School fund. jONCEaT AT CAMrPIELL TowN.-To-morrow Jeing the day of the Midland Agricultural Society's annual show, a grand concert will be' given' in the evening, in the Grammar School, in aid of the funds of the Campbell Town Institute. The performers will consist of local (Campbell Town) lady and gentlemen amateurs,' and the invaluable assistance 'of Mr. J. H. Melvyn, of this town, has also been secured. "IRELAND AND THE IRISs."-This interest ing subject is announced to form the text of a lecture to be delivered by the Rev. J. Gardner in the Mechanics' Institute this evening, commencing at half-past seven. The lecture will be interspersed with vocal and instrumental music illustrative 'of the subject, and amongst those who have kindly promised their assistance we learn of two ladies wvhose voices, much admired in private, have not hitherto been heard in public. The names of old-established favourites also appear on the private programme shown us. Amongst the songs we observe " The Last Rose of Summer ;" "The Irish Emigrant," with violin accompaniment; and "Oh I steer'my bark to Erin's Isle." A FAMINE AT LYNDHURST.-Our Waterhouse correspondent writes :-I saw by your shipping news the lVaterwlitclh was to have sailed for the Tomahawk last Tuesday. She had not arrived this morning, consequently we are all in a state of semi-starvation, there being no flour in the place. TnunEasrauan -Sanday, which broke with an unclouded sky, but soon developed into one of the most disargreeab'o days of a disagreeable season, witnessed a brief buat severe thunderstorm. About five minutes beforo seven a blinding flash of lighteins burst through the overcharged clouds, followed by a prolonged roll of thundor. Tbies was esacoeeded by two or three less brilliant fl shes, and then tbhe storm passed to the eastward, taking with it the clouds that had overhung the town all day long, and leaving a clear blueksky. THE A[RNDED P. O. AcTr.·-The " Bill to amend the Post-office Act, 1869," provides that on town letters thie rate. shall be one penny; inland letters, two pence; upon all letters and packete received at any Post-oflice for transnmission to any of thie Australian colonies or New Zealand, three pence. No piostage is to be charged upon any letter ad dressed to the Chief Inspector or any In spector under "The Scab Act, 1870," upon matters connected with that act, if. endorsed 'uwith the words " The Scab Act" and the I signature of the sender; or any notice sent to I or from such Inspectors if marked " Notice Sunder the Scab Act" and endorsed with the ,signature of the sender.- These provision., \- should the bill become law, will come into force on thq let proximol, WYtLL oP THE LATE Mn..HopKirs.-The will of the late Mr. Henry Hopkins was proved l inlthe Supremo.Court on the Oth instant by the a executors and trustees, the Rev. George Clarke, '1 and Mesers. Henry Hopkins and Arthur Hop- A idns. The personality is sworn under £80,500. d The will (dated 8rd June, 1870, and witnessed by Charles Butler and Edward But ler), appoints John Rout Hoja.,as Irustee and ti executer of deceased's Victorian property, and p contains a disposition of the real and personal si estate upon various trusts enumerated. The o Now Town estate (with furniture) goes to Mrs. p Oakes, one of testator's daughters, for life, w with certain provisions, and the house on Langlow's Hill, with furniture and cottage at ti Mount Pleasant, to Henry Hopkins for life, h on condition that he keep up the establishment, c with power to relinquish it within three ,months, and then' to :receive £8000 in lieu O thereof; the house, furniture, and cottageothen to go to Arthur Hopkins, with certain provisions i sot forth in the will at length. There are I specific legacies of Commercial Bank and a Van Dieman's Land Bank shares to the sons and daughters ; legacies to a brother of deceased in California, and to another brother in Eng land; a legacy of six bank shares to his housekeeper. The testator's plate is equally divided between the sons and daughters. -To his daughter, Martha Clarke Clarke, - he gives the portraits of himself and wife ; to the Rev. John Nisbet, the portraits of himself (Mr. Nisbet). The carriage and horses, &e.;, go to Martha Clarke Clarke. To the British and Foreigii Biblo Society he gives £200, and an additional sum of £100 for a supply of Testa ments to the children of Tasmania; to the London Missionary Society, £1000; Congre gational Union and Home Mission, Tasmania, £100; Hobart Town Ragged School Associa tion, £100; Hobart Town Bonovolent Society, £100; Hobart Town Dorcas' Society, £100; Boys' Home, Hobart Town, £100 City. Mission, £100; Ministers Widows' Fund, .100; to each of his servants, who had been in his employ twelve months priot to his 'death,'he gives £10 each; £100 to the widow of the late Rev. F Miller; £100 to the widow of the late Rev. W. Day; £100 to the widow of the late Rev. M. Parker; £100 to Mrs. iGladwin; and several other legacies of a like nture.-HII. T. Mercury. JUVENILE DEPRAVITY.-Two girls named rcspecsively Laura Ewing, and Mary Ann Smith' 14 years of age, are in custody for stealino flowers from gardens on the Wind mill I ill. Two 'other girls are wanted by the poice for stealing four umbrellas from the vetibule of Chalmer's Free Church, on Sunda) evening, while the congregation was at wordhip. One of the umbrellas was found yesterday morning by Detective Wilson, in the house of a woman named Simpson, while t:o was searching for other stolen property. A little boy named Simpson was sentenced to seven days' imprisonment, yesterday, at the Police-court, for stealing a rabbit. PRIMITIVE 31ETnoDIST COAPEL, YouNG TowNc.-The eleventh anniversary of this place of worship was celebrated by special services, conducted by the Rev. J. W. 'Bam ber, on Sunday, and a tea meeting last even ing. Mlr. Bomber was listened to by large and attentive congregations on Sunday after. noon and evening, and last evening about eighty persons - amongst whom weore a number of visitors from Laun ceston - -at down to an excellent tea. Following the tea was a public meeting over which the Rev. Joshua Smith psleidtd, addroesse being doliverbd by the obhairmau, and Messrs. Bomber, Joseph Geary, and S. Ridley. A' collection was taken up at each service'in aid of the trust fund. .TtEA^TRE RoYAL.-Thoro was an excellent house at the Theatro last evening on the oc casion of the Misses Hart receiving a benefit. In the drama " Lady Audley's Secret," Miss Kate O'Reilly played "Lady Audley," Miss Ada Hart perlorming "Paris" in the burlesque bearing that title. The local hits were thoroughly appreciated, but the players were so imperfect in their parts as to materially de tract from the success of tihe performance. PoLIce INSPECTION.-The Mayor was the only member of the Council present at the usual quarterly inspection of the police force held yesterday afternoon at the Police Station. Hie Worship complimented the men on their conduct during the quarter. TASMANIAN GoLD.--The 2'amar, which left on Sunday, took away to Melbourne 147 oz+. of gold obtained at the various goldfields. Of that amount 120 ozs., valued at £3 per oz., came from Waterhouse, and 27 ozs., valued at £4 Is Gd per oz., was obtained from other die. tricts. Crunncc BAZAAn.-It is intended to hold a bazaar, on the 14th February next, in aid of the funds of Trinily Church. SOMETImNG LiKE A CEREMONY.-Tho cere mony connected with the opening of a public building, or the christening and starting of a jluartz-crushing machine, is generally very tame and flat, and everybody seems so thoroughly unhappy and awkward on these melancholy occasions that on the whole we prefer going to a funeral or a post neortent. Now and then an exception to this general rule starts up, and makes us regret that we have " sworn off" opening ceremonies. At Taradale, for instance, the other day, one of these exceptions eventuated, at the christening and starting of the new battery erected by the United Kingdom Company. Thus says the Taradale ].rpress :-- " The battery was started and the ceremony of christening was performed by Mrs. Simpson, the wife of the last sen sible shareholder who had ascended the matri monial altar, in the orthodox way (about 4 o'clock), by smashing a bottle of champagne against it." Never before had we realised the full force of the novel-writer's stock-in-trade sentence, "more easily imagined than doscri bed," until we read the above mystical Sconglomeration. The English languago could not do justice to the ceremony, and even an unknown tongue has failed the reporter. It would have beeoon much better to have left it to 'the imagination of the Taradalers. IMPonRTANr TO VeiSITots TO IELBOUILnE. The Arqus remarks that Captains of steamers and other vessels which land passengers and Sluggage at the Melbourne wharves may not Sall be aware that there are licensed corporation a porters to take the place of those touters and I loafers, so many of whom are ready to take a chargo of luggage, which is frequently, when a valuable, never seen again by the owner. The a licensed porters have been appointed for a \- considerable time past, and are distinguished \- by a badge worn upon the cap similar to those used by railway porters. It is well that the Sexistonco of such a body of men should be e known to passengers as well as, the oflicers of a vessels, as it is impossible, with any certainty. a to pick a respectable porter out of the misccl Slanueous crowd who are always ready to carry , anything anywvhere for a slight consideration, o whereas there is nothing more easy than to so lect a man wearing an oflicial badge. AsesatOLY BALLS.:-The third Assembly ,ill of the season, postponed from last month, q will... take place in the Town. Hall on e Ti oraday. The hon. Secretary, .ir.H.'ceedon, c will receive applications for tickets up to 4 1 o'clock on that day. t RAILWAY TIAMs STOCPED BY CAnrrOK~. T -The E"lko Indepbendent says:-" Several times of lnto the trains on the Central Pacific Railroad, east of this place, have been atopped by crickets, and delayed sometimes over an hour in a place. Mr. Gidoey, of Ruby Valley, who has just returned from the c East, informs ns that at one point near the I Wells, where there was a slight rising incline tion in the track, they had to back down i half a mile and make three trials before they 1 could got over 'that particular point, where i -rickets had piled themselves to sonh a depth on the rails as to render the track so greasy that the driving-wheels flew around on it as 1 if thelocomotive were suspended in the air. Parties unacquainted with the facts, and who know nothing of the numbers, size, and fat nessof the black orickets, of Utah, Colorado, Nevada, and Idaho, can have no conception of the appearance of an army of crickets, or of the vast heaps into which they mass them selves when they meet with an obstruction. To such the idea of crickets stopping a twenty-ton engine most appear ridiculous, yet such things happen in the sage-brosh country without exciting any special wonder." TnrE WAn.-According to the Berlin cor. respondent of the Florence Naziond, the Pros. sian police have discovered that the French Government for the lust twelvemonths has had a thoroughly organised corps of spies in Gor. many. The whole of the country was divided into districls, each of which hadt its inspector and its two sub-inspectors, who were in direct communication with a director-general in Paris. Berlin, Hamburg, and Dresden were the hbond.quarters of the spics, part of whose duties consisted in establishing military and political relations with the malcontents in the annexed provinces. The Prussian police have furnished to the Government at Berlin official proofs that France has boon for a long time preparing for this war, and only awaited a convenient pretext. Son AND Moon.--The managers of the telegraphs have transmitted, among the news we received during the night, the statement that " A despatch from IBombay, dated 6th April, 1.35 p.m, rJached London at 1 p.m., beating the sun by 35 minutes." If we were put in a position to make anything like the same boast as between London and Dublin, it would be much to the advantage of our readers. In this matter we despair of "Justice to Ireland." The Parsee merchants of Bombay have the English stock earlier than the citizens of Dublin. This may be a great triumph over the sun, but it renders the value of the telegraph to us mere moon shine.-Dublin .lail. A CouNTRY MAYOR.-I was once present at a yeomanry dinner given in a small borough. Tlhe lMayor, by privileges of his office, presided, but he was oppressed by "county folk." His health was proposed by a real nobleman, and the honour was too much for him. In rising to respond, lie said, "ltelords engen'lmen,". and then: he blushed and coughed. " Mlelordsengen'lmen, I'm"-cough again. "i'm sure I'm very much a-o-a" cough very bad indeed. Then with volubility, as of a man anxious to utter something and give up the ghost, "I'm sure I thank you, hearty, and I hope you'll die happy." Thie was the cud of 1his slpeeal: he was a butcher. -Casael's Magazine. 