" EXCELSIOR." SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1870. No doubt, on the reassembling of Par liament, the interminable subject of the reform of the Civil Service will be brought forward for discussion. Of late years it has appeared to be the rule with hon. members, when at a loss for a grievance, to pitch upon the public service and the gentlemen en gaged in it. These Parliamentary attacks have assumed such a chronic form, that until the remtuneration of the civil servants is reduced to such an extent as to be very much under the average of that given by mercantile houses, and the employ&s; have been thoroughly humbled, the presumption is that the agitation will be continued 1 annually. But we much fear the pro posed commission will prove quite as abortive, for any real good, as those of former years. The names of the gentlemen forming that commission are of- themselves ufficient to show what sort of fair play and what amount of ability will be brought to bear upon this new attempt to place the public service on a footing satisfactory to the country, and with prolper consideration to the claims of those nmore ilmnrdiately interested. It se--es rtrance, indee.l, that the Goverinm~-nt shJull aUlow the labour and r?eo- lii'y ,- f ni. fT:her changes which rn:'v ?_? co esii??rel necessary, to be t .:..r.' ,p:I Ien:. many of whom are c.ja ,-l.iy i:'-rant of the routine if tihe p ablic .-ervit. :~' l who havehlad no eixleri. LC ill n :iie. Ir A'BECsETT, it is trui-, ",..s, a ,liýrt time in power; so wa. t.. L,,. M :".. But the latt.r ,-' :: 'i ex.I - of official life, short -, it ". -. Wa= confined to thle , :::,t of Tra le and Custems: ain I in his ca!,wity of Chief, while ci,:L -li wihi hi b,rief authority, it may ;ifely 1e rn? erted he I e hi, lihu.t ei to ti.i'.mct-w he:1,' 1 the gee.,-ral public or tlhe c rs of Li; di ,tartl ent- :as unct :,f ,rtable :t:,l ill 'it ease ta-s a td isc l? ,a %,U- ari d ovetr L a:, r i1 , ml a u n , -r w , , .d ,[ , " b l e l i n t t , d o ; not to nmeltiti.n tie I ttle t::atter of havi,_ the eoniht v s:t ll, with a en siderable a:u,unt ,f expense b' ,i1 blunderingi, out o.f ti'' ,pjuttiu. I1i: pomlous dep,,rt::l t. ynwl the slper' ti lious rnainer with wii hr rC'ea'- di o!i and tried pulhi, serv:n'., w ill ion' tno:,a his name re.., ib'ered in thie only p i tion in whi ih lie couldl have a'ieuiri'l any otfficial cxperience. \Vhy thi Government Ihoull ihve chiio -n F'uih a m a n , aR 1 l o f th e ot',, o .n t . .- _r, t., deliberate on matters atr'ecttin the status of gentlenmen, is har: to undler stand, unless indeol they were anxious to throw himi a s-llp to stop his imu'th. While he is known to be a clieeslprer in the matter of oilicial salaries-ex cept perhaps in that allowed to minis ters of the Crown-ho cannot he looked upon as a safe roan to distluss dispassionately the claims of public servants; norshouli lie be trusted togive opinions on subjects which it is mrore than likely are beyondl Ins ctmprehen sion. Nor, so far as experience goes, is MJr A'BECKETT in a imucll better ,posi tion. With the exception that he is a gentleman-the liishlops legistrar and was a short titne at the head of the department of Lands and Works, lihe really knows nothing of oiucial life. Indeed, to take the list of cenitlemen who are to form this board, it is appa rent that the result of their labours will be of very little practical value. If the merchlants on this list fancy they can model the public service on the systeat of routine in their own count ing-houses, they will inevitably fail, and the work will have to be gone over again. In short, this C',ninnission, from its want of knowledtl e of the departments, is utterly umifitted for the task imposed upon it, and in any alterations it nlay nmake in the se'r vice it will satisfy neither the public nor the officers. We are curious to know why the Government shirks the work, if it is as urgent and necessary as stated 1 They have put their political opponents on the commission, and by and bye they will find them selves in the curious position, as the result of their own deliberate act, of having to support propositions emna nating from their enemiies in reference to the control of their respective de partnlents. The whole arrangement seems to partake of the character of a huge joke, played ofl' to gratify and tickle the vanity- of the noiseist portion of the Opposition. Yet it is a 'cute move on the part of the canny Sir JuiE:s, as by this Commission, whether intended to be a real enquiry or not, lie finltL work and occupation fir the very men who are likely to bother him just now; and if lihe can succeed in making themn unpopular by leading thelm to reconunentl sonlle sweeping imeacsures of rcflrrm calculated still mnore to ireduce thie iunfortunate civil servants t, that state of semni-starva tion whihl ensures a colndition of prope'r liseilhline, he knows well enlouglh iit can thus turltn the whole civil service vote nga:instthle Opposition at the aptproachii-g general e'ecti,,n. It is inconceivable that on a quiestion in volving the welfaee and position of itany lhundretds of men, antl the efficioncy of thie service, the (Govern ment should (in earnest) intrust it to thie consilenatiot of stratln irs to tie' phlic oflices. All thiis timei, how oever, there is little thought given to the uItisatisfactoryv ill heneU thlis const'mt uncert:inty of p,,si tionis anil pay, ihas upon tile whole body of tflici:ls. It was sulpplosed that wlhen wlihat hlsbeein calledl " tlm last cle'uiing-up time" o,:curreu l, the oflthial mind wouol Ilie at peace ftr a lengtlhinedl lperio1. T ihe naxir imtt and miniimirnm of taluiies were lixed, aid tie idea was with thone, n-ho, Iy 'hainges hlad their salaries i-vtcled, that thev coulnd not l)erif:ie'ter be "orse--lwhat a deltu sion! T'le ,blatant nmenlbers of tihe Assemlbly', with whom a good hat is sin, and kid gloves an i[bmiuinatitn must needs judge firom those outward, signs of respectiability that the srviec is overpaid; and so cliis a},olt this threatenedl mid on tile iunfortuniate Government emlnployri,. As usual, thei lowly in the service will have thei, allowances curtailed; ii:miy will be dismissed, while the gentlmien at the top of the tree will 1,as1 through the ordeal scatheless, very likaly, under the impressionthat to touch them wioull be to imperil the Constitution. How long is this intolorable tinkering to go I ona Tlihe Government servants are powerless to utter a word in self defence. It therefore reats with the pullic--the tradesmenwho record . votes, to enter a protest against perpetual uncertainty in the pa f their best customers. They surel, , not forgotten the dead-lock, and , hardships they had to endure fro: non-payment of the public mote,, that time. They suffer as well a. employes. Let them speak oUn the ensuing election, and probab! end may be put to this most per:i system, which has done more : stroy the self-respect of many o: officers of the public service t: n he easoily estimated, aun' if perms: ,In will denolralise the whole of i e trievably. The police paddock, which had been for some time in a dilapidated state in conse quence of the floods having encroached thereon, and carried away many of the rails, was recently repaired at some cost. It was lately discovered, however, that openings had again been made in the fence, probably by cattle holders, and numbers of strange horses and cows depasturing in the reserve. This aggravating piece of lawlessness was resented by the police impounding several of the cattle, and they are empowered to do the same every time the paddock is tres passed upon. It has been decided, after investigating the most eligible localities for depositing the trout ova, to place them in a stream known as Boggy Creek, on Mr John Campbell's run, only within a few miles of the town ship. Active steps, we are informed by one of the committee, are now being taken to prepiare the spot for the reception of the ova, which may be expected in a few days, as the steamer Southern Cross was to have left Hobart Town on the 17th instant. The ova can easily be conveyed in a boat from Clydebank to within a mile and a half of Boggy Creek. We learn that besides his engagement to the Acclimitisation Society Mr Buckland, who will superintend the work of depositing the ova here, has promised to do a similar service for the local society at Ballarat, who have obtained 2,000 ova of the same species. The manager of the Happy-go-Lucky Gold and Quartz Mining Company, Registered, Crossover Creek, under date August 16th writes as follows :-We have just finished washing up. There are only 22½ ounces from 146 tons of stone. This result is the more surprising, as from the appearance of the reef when breaking down, this crushing was expected to turn out the best we had. The battery is stopped pending the action of the directors. Two men only will in the meantime be employed cutting through a bar of slate running east and west through the country, and which appears to have cut the reef off sharp, there being every indi cation of the reef being on the other side. The men Dant and Soumith, charged with an extensive forgery of L5 Bank of New South Wales notes, were brought up at Benalla on Tuesday, and fully committed for trial. Mr Walter Craig, of Ballarat, died on Tuesday. In the Melbourne Insolvent Court, on Tuesday, in the estate of Wm. Hodge, of Sale, schoolmaster, no debts were proved, and the meeting closed. We are informed on good authority that several local tradesmen have had to pay 30s per ton for carriage of goods from Clyde bank to Sale. This fact should operate in inducing the Borough Council to do all in their power to prevent unnecessary delay in the formation and repair of the Punt Lane, to which they have contributed so liberal a share of the cost. At Thursday's meeting of the Borough Council it was resolved, on the suggestion of the Mayor, to apply to Government to pro claim Foster-street, from the bridge to its intersection with York-street, a main road. The moiety of subsidy of £300 per mile re ceivable on account of this thoroughfare will enable the council to have it excellently formed and repaired without trenching upon the Borough funds. The Council have decided to have a brick culvert constructed at Ball's corner, in Thomson street, in order that it rray be made passabie for drays. If this were not one of the deepest storm-water channels in the town, it woulI be preferable, as the Mayor remarked, to make an open crossing, pitched with stone, as the bricks generally are composed of such friable rotten mate rial, that it is impossible to execute good work with them; as an open crossing, how ever, is not feasible at this locality the re jected culvert will prove a boon to carters and others. James Cusak was tried and sentenced to death on Tuesday for the murder of his wife at Jamieson, under circumstances of great atrocity. The judge held out no hope of mercy. Five weeks' leave of absence from the 10th instant was granted to Mr H. M. Pearson, the poundkeeper, at Thursday's meeting of the Council, and Mr C. McLean was ap pointed acting poundkeeper during his ill ness. The subject of again calling tenders for the removal of the bar at the mouth of the Latrobe River will be considered at a special meeting of the Borough Council on Tuesday next. The council are fully alive to the necessity for taking the preliminary steps before the close of the year, in order that the grant voted by Government may not lapse. The claims of Mr McMillan, the late contractor, for work done and for return of deposit money - amounting in all to L381 have been placed in the hands of the Borough solicitor. We have received the report of the Horti cultural Society for the year 1870. The particulars given respecting the progress of the Association, and the state of the experi mental gardens in Richmond Park are very interesting. The address of Mr Highett to the electors of the Eastern Province appears in our ad vertisement columns. We understand that it is the hon. gentleman's intention to take an early opportunity of visiting as many of the districts and towns of the Province as possible. The steamer Murray will leave Melbourne for the Lakes on Tuesday 23rd instant, instead of the 16th, as previously adver tised. The Melbourne correspondent of a country journal writes :--The final arrangements have been made for consigning the Board of Agriculture and its mouldy relics of past mistakes to the grave, and although nominally expired some time ago, it will be, it appears, afforded, for the sake of its re lations as decent a burial as is possible under the circumstances. Its connection with one of the first industries of the colony reu"ires that so much deference should be Laidto it, and althought its ownt merits nay t iace deservoed so moch consideration, it Sbetter that it should e lput decently sy, in the farce of " A Ghost in w iit of iself," everything has ibeen pre- t ired for the funeral; the piall-bearcrs even ave been appointed to bear its last retraina quietly to the tomb, fromi which, it is to be I toped, its shadow tray not erierce, like that t a the farcical ghost, to frequent its former u Itpnts. it decease is not to be regretted, 1d in the course of a month more its last council scene will be vlayed out, and the terth will have closed over it for ever. As catf be seen from the meeting held on Maon day these arranigements have beenl con cluded. It was mentioned in the Telegraph a few days since that a Melbourne Horse Show, similar to tthat which has been so popular for the last seven years at the Agricul ural llall, Islington, was onil the tapis. le now learn that this desirablo and I interesting exhibition may be looked tpon as at assured f et for November next, I is h his Excellency the Ilight lion. Viscount t Cnterlbury, K.I.B., has graciously granted L his special patronago to the promoters, t whilst the heoll. SirJames M'Culloch and the I han Mr. Melacphersaon have consented to aidl This first " Autatralian Iorse Expositiin" by actiag as its vice-patrris. As before re- a marked, the novel andl peculiar interest of the proposed show consists in the individual r lores of each class having to prove their t paces sod powers, anld not to sitnply rely onil pedigree or points. Should this practical a competition turn out to be hut one-half so c successful and useful as the Islington show, v Messrs. Goytler, M'Caughoy, and Co., the e promoters, will havo deserved well at the I hands of all " horey men." An old and well-known resident of Strat ford, Mr Robert Hogg, who was formerly head teacher at the Common School there, took his departure for Melbourne on Thurs day morning. Mr Hogg has obtained the appointment of assistant teacher at the Deaf and Dumb Institution, for which he is eminently qualified. Few persons with whom he came in contact during his prolonged residence at Stratford and Crooked River, but will bear testimony to his urbane and courteous disposition, and to the energy with which he devoted himself to the educa tion of the young and the establishment of Sunday schools; and his friends and former co workers in church and school management, although glad to hear of his appointment, sincerely regret his departure. A meeting was held in the Stratford schoolroom, on Monday evening last, Mr Little in the chair, to consider the propriety of presenting some mark of esteem to Mr Hogg, previous to his leaving. Ultimately a purse of twenty-five sovereigns, previously subscribed, was pre sented by the Rev. Mr Roberts, in the name of Mr Hogg's friends. The rev. gentleman in doing so also read an address, eulogistic of Mr Hogg's services in the cause of educa- tion, and expressed a hope that success would follow him to his new sphere of duties. The recipient of the compliment having replied in suitable terms, the pro ceedings ended. The trustees of the Sale General Cemetery held a meeting on Wednesday afternoon. Present--Messrs Guthridge, McGhee, Ross, and Staveley. It was resolved to invite applications for the situation of sexton and curator at a salary of £60. The advertise- ment appears in another column. The registrar of births, deaths, and marriages reports that during the month last past there occurred ten of the former, 4 males and 6 females; of deaths there were seven, 5 males and 2 females. By an advertisement in another column we observe that the Bairnsdale Shire Council require tenders, receiveable up to 2nd prox., for various cutting, clohring, and draining works at Lindonow, Omeo, and Wy Yung roads, and also for the construction of a bridge over Boggy Creek at Allenvale. The energy of the committee appointed a fortnight ago to gather subscriptions at Stratford, in laid of the Grant Testimonial fund, is exceedingly commendable, and we hope to be in a position shortly to announce the collection of a sum that shall put the aplathetic selectors of the Castlemaine and Learmonth districts to shame. It would be only proper that a public meeting should be held in Sale, to give the local forty seconders as opportunity of contributing; as it is, however, a few persons have bestirred themselves in the matter, and Mr William Pearson has liberally headed a private list with £10. In another column we publish an extract from the Age having reference to the poem of "Beautiful Snow." We do so with coln sidoranblo nlnusement, as showing how egrog:ously we have boon hoaxed. Fal staff, however, in his extremnity taking ad vantage of a loophole to escape, declarod that "yet he was glad their arrow had glancedl;" so wa in common with scores of journals may adopt the same mannaer of retreat, hsy de cldaringthat the newspapers containing the poenms were eagerly bought up on the diggings at fancy prices. " Findings are keepings," is a maxim in general favour with those who pick up money or articles of value in the street, and we are glad to be able to record an instance of honesty which contrasts remark ably with the action of holders of this unjusti fiable doctrine. A boy named George Bryan, on Wednesday, found in the township a L5 note, wlhich he immediately placed in Ser geant Scanlon's hands, to be claimed by the rightful owner. On Monday evening next a meeting of persons interested in establishing a cheese factory on the American principle will be held at Gibney's Hotel, Maffra. A good attendace of farmers and dairymen is ex pected. Tenders are called in our advertisement columns for the erection of a school house at Flinn's Creek. We are requested to state for the in formation of local shareholders in the Good Hope Company, Crooked River, that they can obtain payment of their last dividend on application to Mr Everest, Bank of Victoria, Sale. The proceedings of the Bairnsdale Shire Council of Friday, the 5th instant, would appear to have been unusually interesting; for the Bairnsdale Courier published them in full on the 6th inst. and again on the 13th inst., twice running-and now we find our Sale contemporary, the Mercury has cribbed them in extenso in his issue of Thursday, the 18th. Cribbed them, errors and all; and-- the acknowledgument. O tempera, &c.; The body of the man Francis Bull, who had been missing since June 20th, turned up on Thursllay last, and the evi dence adduced at the inquest held the same day leaves no other conclusion that de- ceased either fell accidentally into the River Thomson, or threw himself in after a drunken bout. The body was found by the son of a labouring man, named Webb, near the bank of the stream; the latter fished it out with a bit of teatree, and immediately re- ported the circumstance to the police. The testimony of the witnesses at the inquest held in the afternoon, before Dr Arbuckle, showed that Bull, who was a brickmaker, had lived at the Latrobe Hotel for three days, up to about the 19th June ; that he had drunk a large number of nobblers during the Monday previous to his leaving, but that he had taken sleep at intervals, and retired to bed comparatively sober; that he was heard to rise at 6 o'clock the morning following, and, notwithstanding every search and inquiry made by the police and his friends, had not been found until this week. No suspicion of foul play attaches to any person, no marks of violence being discernible on the body, which appeared to have remained in water for a considerable period; the face was partly wasted away, the result, probably, of the efflux and reflux of the water during the floods keeping the body in motion against the banks of one of the channels, or indentations of the river. The person of deceased, however, was clearly identified both by the beard and clothing. In the pocket of the trousers were found one £5-note and one £1-note with some silver, which is retained by the police awaiting directions from the Curator of Intestate Estates. Joseph Cox, a miner employed at the Shamrock reef, was sent by the manager of the mine to Walhalla for letters on Monday, and on his return about 8 p.m. at a locality about two and a half miles from the Sham- rock he thought he heard voices. Im- mediately after halting, a man appeared on the side of the road, and called upon him to stop. Cox wisely clapt spurs to his horse and galloped off, when the would-be robber fired two shots after him. The night being dark, it would be impossible to identify the miscreant, the only clue to whose identity is the fact that he had a shrill voice. The police are actively prosecuting inquiries. The North Gippsland Bible Association have just made a considerable addition to their stock of Bibles and Testaments, which can be seen at Mlr Loft's establishment, in Foster-street. Among these will be found not only such as are suitable for the objects of the association, at moderate prices, but others of a more expensive style, and, also, some suitable for the pulpit and the family. We (Mitchell River Herald) are sorry to learn that the house of Thomas Harris, bet ter known as "Tom the Duck," was burnt to the ground on Sunday last. It appears, from what we can learn, that Harris and his wife left the house on Sunday morning last in charge of a man named Jacobs, and on returning the same evening he found the house, and all his wearing apparel, furni ture, provisions, fishing tackle-in fact everything he possessed, except the clothes he stood in-a heap of burnt-up smouldering ruin. Not many months ago. "Tom the Duck" was flooded out on the Straits; he then removed to Bairnsdale, and the late heavy floods swept away a great quantity of his property. He then erected a dwelling- place on the banks of the Mitchell river, be tween Bairnsdale and Eagle Point, and was just recovering the loss he had sustained by the floods, when he met with the most dis astrous calanity of all. At present the origin of the fire is unknown. A case of sticking-up occurred on the Omeo road on the 9th inst. Thie victim is a man named George Flant, a hawker. He was travelling on the Omeo road about eight miles from the Wombat at about 2 p.m. on the 9th instant, when a man, whose face was blackened, sprang out from the bush and presented a silver-mounted re volver at Flant. On the customary de mand being politely made by the possessor of the silver-mounted revolver, the unfor tunate Flant quietly delivered up his money and proceeded on his way with a lighter pocket, but heavier heart. The robber took front Flant, 22oz. of gold, L14 in one pound notes, 30s in silver, a silver verge watcel, and a lady's gold chlain. The police are in search of the offender, and it is to he hoped that his career as a bushranger will be a brief one. We are glad to learn that the Union Lodge of Freemiasons are aslout to erect a Masonic Hall in Bairnsdale. This, says the Mitchell River Herald, will supply a want that has long been felt hIere, that is a suitable and convenient room for holding concerts, balls, public meetings, &c.;, as we believe thlat tile fraternity will let the Hlil for sottch purposes. The asito selected for its erectiotl is near the east angle of thle Cshurchl of Eng land reserve. We cordially comgr:atulate the Frcemtasons of this district ot thle energy and spirit displayed by them, in orecting a hall that will, we have no tldoubt, lie an ornament to the town. We may notice, also, that the lodge hIas only been in exist entco sotIe sev'ct Itnottlis, anld wouldl recort mentl their brethrent at Sale to takoe leaf out of their bookl, instead of allowing a young lodge to set thett the sxmtnplel in sutch ia landtable unlertalting. We call only assure them tlhat we wish them every success. 