The Maitland Mercury. Saturday. July 2, 1870. HUNTER RIVER FLOODS PREVEN TION LEAGUE. MEETING AT EAST MAITLAND. On Thursday evening a meeting of the in- habitants of the electorate of East Maitland, convened by the Mayor, at the request of the Floods Prevention League, was held at the Mechanics' Institute, East Maitland, for the purpose of considering matters connected with the objects of the League. The proceedings were begun in the presence of forty or fifty people; but the attendance was nearly doubled before the close. On the motion of the Rev. J. DOUGALL, the chair was taken by Mr. Dodds, mayor, and member for the electorate. The Chairman said he regretted the paucity of the attendance, considering the object of the meeting. The subject they had met to consider was one of vast importance in every way both to the district and to the town of East Maitland. He had put the advertisement convening the meeting in the paper at the request of Mr. Lee, writing on behalf of the deputation from the League; but before doing so he asked a number of those who usually took part in public affairs in East Maitland to assemble, and consider whether a meeting should be called. They all agreed that it should, and so the advertisement was published. They were aware, no doubt, of the objects of the meeting; but perhaps it would be as well to read the second clause of the constitution of the League, to show better what those objects were. [He read the clause in question.] They were now asked to form in East Maitland a local committee to co-operate with the League. That being formed, tbey would hold their own meetings in East Maitland, and collect all needful informa- tion within the electorate, so that at last their case could be placed before Parliament on a proper basis. For their cause would not be gained by public meetings only. They would have to obtain power to reach every man of pro- perty and proprietor of land in the district. The town of East Maitland, as a site for build- ing, did not suffer much from floods, it was true; but there was a large area thronghout the elec- torate that did suffer; there were the districts of Louth Park, Dagworth, Raworth, and others; and thus the town itself must suffer in turn. He trusted that, whatever were done; they would be unanimous. He only wished that every inhabitant of the town was there to take part in this movement for preventing or lessen- ing the great calamities from which they had been suffering the last ten years. He had lived thirty years in the district, and the first flood he had seen was in 1840. Then there was an interval, but since 1857 there had been almost a continuation of floods. If the people did not now arouse themselves, and come forward to a man, the district most go back. Every man in the district, from Newcastle upwards, onght to lend his aid to the League. He would proceed to introdnce the Bishop of Maitland, and Messrs. Lee, Creer, and Hyndes, who were a deputation from the League, for the purpose of explaining fully the objects it had in view. He hoped that all would enter heartily into the matter. All suffered from the floods, whether as owners of property by its depreciation of value, or as men of business by depression of trade, or as working men by the scarcity of work, and the lowness of wages. He hoped there would be no apathy and local jealousies, but that they would all arouse themselves and do what they could to avert the monstrous calamities from which they had so long suffered (cheers). The Bishop of Maitland said he felt he owed them an apology for appearing there, a comparative stranger, to address them; but when they reflected that any interests he had in this world were completely identified with the interests of this district - were one with them - they would understand on what grounds he came forward to do what he could to promote the success of measures that would conduce to the welfare of this immediate district, and the dis- trict surrounding it. This was a question of great importance to them all. He had not met with any one who had given his attention to the subject who had told him it was his opinion that it would be utterly im- possible to mitigate floods in the Hunter. Some, no doubt, believed it would be impossible to prevent them altogether; but no one, he believed, who had considered the subject, would say it was impossible to mitigate them. Let them then take their start on that principle, that it was in their power to do something to alleviate the misery and distress which the floods had hitherto caused. Another principle which they would agree was almost equally well founded, was this :- No permanent good could be achieved for the district unless all the inhabitants of every part of the Hunter River district united in the work. It was idle to say that the prosperity of West Maitland rested on a different basis from that of East Maitland. He had been only four years in the district, but he knew enough to say that if West Maitland fell, East Maitland would not rise on its ruins, but would suffer likewise. Every town in the district would suffer - per- haps fall - if West Maitland fell. If the inha- bitants of the East Maitland district or of the Morpeth district wished for the prosperity of those districts, they must unite and take an inte- rest in the progress and success of West Maitland. He did not care whether West Maitland was first or second or third, or last, in this move- ment, - whether it did or did not take the lead. It was not a question who should go first or who last, but that all should go together and pull together, in order to achieve the object in view in which all were so deeply interested. They had come there on behalf of the League to make the first effort to bring abont this co-operation. Great objects had often been achieved by movements that had begun with very small meetings. The great O'Connell had an attendance of only three or four at some of his first meetings; but he per- severed, and in time the whole people of Ireland were united in the cause. This meeting he took as a promise that they would all unite and do their utmost, and make any needful sacrifice, so that by assisting each other they would be able to achieve what they had at heart. Other mem- bers of the deputation would explain more in detail. He came rather to beg them all, whether they belonged to his own flock or to others, to unite cordially in carrying out whatever scheme might appear conducive to the interests of the district. He thanked the Mayor, both in his own name and in the name of the Leagne, for convening the meeting, and for the impressive manner in which he had opened the proceedings (cheers). Mr. J. LEE said it was gratifying to him to attend a public meeting in East Maitland on any subject; but he was sorry to say that the subject on the present occasion was a very painful one. He was glad, however, to see that so many were present; and the prospect of united action was adapted both to reinvigorate and encourage. The first course before the deputa- tion was to explain fully the objects they had in view, to make the formation and constitution of the Leagne thoronghly understood, before the meeting should be asked to adopt any reso- lution pledging itself to any course of action. He would therefore read and comment on the rules for the constitution of the League as already published. The first rule, giving the League the title of the "Hunter River Floods Preven- tion League," proved that its objects were general; it was constituted, not for any local benefit, but for the general good. West Mait- land did not seek to obtain any advantages as a town through the operation of the League; bnt to secure the co-operation of all the towns of the district, so that at last a plan might be carried out to benefit, not any one locality, but the whole district, regarded in one general view. Its objects were as wide as the district itself. He need hardly ask whether it was necessary that such a League should be formed. They were all aware of the devastation that had be- fallen the district since 1857,-how vast had been the losses suffered both by individuals and by the community, - what an amount of misery and destitution, and how many deaths, had been caused by the floods. Individual efforts had been made to abate these calamities. Endeavours had been made to protect a part of West Maitland; embankments had been put up on Bolwarra and other places; but to what had it all amounted? Some might hare gained a little, whilst others had suffered injury. This was an evil not to be tampered with by any such partial measures. Some general scheme must be carried out. The talent and energy and interest of all should be thrown into the under- taking. They should persevere, and press on, wherever they could get any assistance, so that ultimately, by united action, something might be done to restore the district to its old fertility and prosperity. The second rule stated what the objects of the League should be. First there was the collection of information as to the extent of inundation and the amount of losses. It would be the peculiar province of the East Maitland committee, if they appointed one, to ascertain what losses had been caused by floods in the electorate since 1857\. The committees to be formed in other places would do the same in their respective districts. When all this information had been put together, and the whole amount of losses in all parts of the district had thus been ascer- tained, the effect would be staggering. And this knowledge would be obtained, not for their own information only, but to place before Par- liament; and then, if the Government or Par- liament refused them the aid they required, they could say they had done their best, and the publie would admit that they had done their duty. The League would also have for its object to make inquiry as to the most practical and effi- cient methods of preventing floods. This would be a most important work, and it might become necessary to incur heavy expense in doing it. If the Commission should report against the dis- trict, they would have to contend against the most powerful influences that could be encoun- tered in the colony. If the opinion of the Go- vernment engineers was against them, they would have to procure an opinion of very great authority and weight if they wished the Parlia- ment to accept it in preference. It would be of no use going to Viotoria, nor would it be of any use going to engineers in our own colony for an opinion They would have to send to the old country, and that would involve a heavy expense, towards meeting which the half-crowns would go only a very little way. But he hoped they would not have to do that; he hoped for a favourable report from the Com- mission; he hoped that they would have no greater diflioulty than procuring the enactment necessary to carry any such favourable report into effect. If they decided to form a com- mittee in East Maitland, it would be the duty of that committee to obtain information and en- deavour to enlist members of the League throughout the entire electorate -not so mach for the sake of the money as of the moral sup- port, and to show that the great majority of in- habitants were in favour of the League. Under the third rule the subscription had been fixed at not less than half-a-crown. It waa not expected that the expenses would at first be heavy, and the sum had been named so low in order that no one might be pre- vented from joining. The half-crowns contri- buted by the local members would be available to the local committee to cover any expenses in obtaining information. If further contribu- tions should be required hereafter by the League that would be an after question. Under the fourth rule, the League would be under the management of a general council, representing all classes and interests in the district. Thus, if they joined the movement, they would not only have a committee in East Maitland acting in concert with the League, but they would ap- point from that committee a certain number of delegates as members of the Council meeting in West Maitland. There were twenty members now on the Council from West Maitland. It would be at their option in East Maitland to appoint twenty more. Some thought that if each town appointed twenty members the Council would become an unwieldy body. This, however, could be remedied. The present number of members from West Maitland might be reduced to five; or it might be arranged that the members should be in proportion to population, say one for every thousand. The Council would not then be too numerous, and each town would have the power to pick out the most suitable men as members. He was not in a position to say that this course would be carried out; but this he would say, what- ever the various townships ashed for would be freely granted in order to attain harmonious working. If they asked the present members of the Council to withdraw, he believed they would do that, or anything else, in order to bring all parts of the district to act in unison. Rule five provided that the Council should meet in West Maitland. Some thought that West Maitland was not a central place; but if that should prove a hindrance, he had no doubt it could be rescinded. The rules themselves could be altered by a general meeting. Then followed a number of rules providing for matters of detail; but the sixteenth gave the Council power to form by-laws. This the Council felt necessary; bnt the first question was whether it would be right to form these by-laws until the other parts of the district had come in, and by their numbers obtained a voice in the Council. It was agreed that the by-laws should wait until the other districts had joined and sent delegates. He had made these expla- nations because he had heard that some in East Maitland thought it possible that wrong might be done by having the meetings in West Mait- land, and by giving West Maitland too many members. He was quite sure that any apparent evil of that kind might be and would be remedied. Another cause of difficulty, he found, had been a remark by Mr. Vindin at the first meeting of the Council, namely, that their first duty would be to protect the river bank in West Maitland. When that remark was made there was not another member of the Council who endorsed it, but they all said it was not the duty of the League, but of the town, to do any special and distinct work of that kind (cheers). Mr. Vin- din at once saw that he was wrong. He was one of those who said what he thought; and the remark was just such a remark as men would often make in the presence of others, but would, after hearing the opinion of others, and seeing the matter in a new light, withdraw. Mr. Vin- din could not have shown that he changed his opinion in a more convincing way than he did shortly afterwards by becoming the first to move for the appointment of a separate and distinct committee in West Maitland to take up this question of the river bank. It was thoroughly understood that the League was for the good of the whole district, leaving any purely local works in any part of the district to local action. The appointment of a committee in East Mait- land would be useless unless they appointed men determined to carry the work on steadily. The necessity for unanimity was now the great want of the district. Unfortunately they had never yet been united. But this was a matter that affected them all. Who was there in East Maitland who could say that property was as valuable, or business as brisk, or population as large as it was in 1857, or that work was as abundant? In all these respects they ought in the course of years to have been better off, instead of worse. Other districts-the Western, for instance-had been united, and had carried their wishes into effect. In this district they had been disjointed, and had failed. Let them then sink all minor differences of the past, and rise as one man to give the lie to those who said that the district must be abandoned. He enlarged npon the evils of disunion in the district, and the neces- sity for harmonious co-operation. If no benefit would accrue to themselves, would they not join for the benefit of their neighbours? But they would benefit themselves by joining the League, and they would also lend a moral im- petus to the movement, and help on the cause elsewhere (cheers). This was not a matter to be postponed any longer. There had been many isolated efforts; and if they failed now in the endeavour to procure co-operation, it would be too late to try again. It was now or never. It would be a disgrace to let this district lapse into a cattle-walk ; but if some- thing were not done, the statement that it wonld be so would be verified. Was it to their interest that the whole of this district should be held by some twenty or thirty dairy farmers? \- a district that could carry a million of people, and was fitted to be the great manufacturing dis trict of the colony. Saved from floods, not an inch of it would be uncultivated, and it would teem with population. Some said that nothing could be done; if so the nineteenth century had ret- rograded, for greater works had been done in the fourteenth. But he believed that men would be found who could devise a remedy. They must, however, unite. What one place could not do alone, all could do united. They must bring their united influence to bear on Parliament, and secure the co-operation of the fifteen or sixteen members representing constituencies in the Hunter Dis- trict, who together would have influence with any Government. They had not been united before: let them now act as one man. In con clusion he asked them all to become members of the League (cheers ) Mr. J. CREER said he came forward, as a member of the deputation, with all confidence to ask them to co-operate. He felt sure that neither West Maitland nor East Maitland would be be- hind in this matter. For thirteen years the district had been going from bad to worse, and now, unless they united, it would soon be impos- sible for tbem to do anything as a district. It spoke ill for the district that they had gone on suffering through these thirteen years, and had not attempted anything as a united body. But be hoped confidently for co-operation now. He thought the meeting a very promising one. Many great movements had had small begin- nings. They had been told of O'Connells per- severance; he would remind them also of the Anti Corn-law League, and of the great enter- prise which M. Lesseps had carried to success, though cried down by the greatest scientific men of the day. It had been asserted that thia was a West Maitland movement. But he assured them it was not so. It was a district movement, commenced at West Maitland. It must have been commenced somewhere; and it had been commenced in the town that suffered most; but there was no idea that it was a town movement, either on the part of the League or the inhabitants. There was no intention on the part of the town to do any- thing for itself that would not be for the benefit of the district; but they determined to try if they could not, by bringing about united action, do something for the benefit of the district. That was their whole object. Officers had been elected, so that they might get to work; they could not do without that. But as soon as the League should be complete, and all parts of the district were represented, it would be possible to elect new officers, and a new general council, and to revise the rules so as to suit the whole district. They had not asked too much, or acted with selfish views. He was sure that East Maitland would not be behind. They did not suffer so much there as a town; but the whole district suffered, and they could not as patriotic men withhold their assistance, even if they were not directly benefited. But every part of the district would be benefited. He would not enter then, nor had the league yet entered, upon the question of what would be done. When the League had become complete, if the report of the Commission should be un- satisfactory, they would then see if they could not get a competent engineer who would sketch out something. In all parts of the world there was evidence that something could be done; and they would all agree that if there could there ought. The district was too wealthy to allow this process of destruction to go on. He had heard that on one estate alone - the Bol- warra estate - the farmers had petitioned for the remission of half a year's rent, and that remission would amount to £3000. If that was true, what must be the rent of the whole district? Since 1857 there had been a flood about every three years. Now, if they took Bolwarra for a guide, and set aside a sum of £3000 every third year, they would see that it would not take long to raise a heavy sum for preventive works. He pointed out that all classes were interested in this matter, and urged them to be unanimous. There had been thirteen years of talk, and now was the time for action. In 1857 a public meeting was held, and great enthusiasm was shown, but the matter was for- gotten almost the week after. Men who were then in comfortable circumstances were now in poverty or destitution. What a pity a league was not formed then. He believed that if there had been they would not only have escaped floods, but have had navigation to their doors, and East Maitland, as well as the rest of the district, would have been flourishing. If they only agreed together the work would be half done. The district would never be a manu- facturing district, if it remained liable to these floods; but he believed that the very employ- ment of labour in the district, in carrying out a flood-prevention scheme, would give the first im- petus to prosperity it had received for thirteen years. It was intended that the League should agitate the whole district As yet only a few had met together in West Maitland; but they would he believed appoint representatives from East Maitland, who would join with them in going to other parts of the district. They would go to Morpeth, and intended to can- vass from Newcastle to Singleton, and to keep up a general agitation until something should be done. Their aim was to bring about the united action of the whole district, to carry out a general scheme. He urged them all, therefore, to unite like men (cheers). Alderman M'LOUGHLIN then moved the fol- lowing resolution:-" That, in consequence of the repeated disasters, loss, and suffering, arising from floods in the Hunter River district, an im- perative necessity exists for a thorough and general scheme, by which the said disasters, loss, and suffering may be averted or mitigated." He said it had been his opinion since the first flood he had seen that this could he done - that these evils could be mitigated and in fact averted altogether. Some talked of the miles of country without a fall; but they had a canal half- finished by nature herself already. He hoped that now for the first time the Hunter River district would be united, and de- vise a scheme, if the Government did not do it; otherwise they might at once prepare to clear out. East Maitland, as a town, was high and dry; but the town of East Maitland could not live by itself. The electorate of East Maitland suffered as much as any other district. The town was high and dry; but that was no reason why its people should hold aloof. They were bound in duty to assist this movement, and they would then be assisting themselves. They were not so numerous as West Maitland, but he hoped they were as willing. It was not so much the half- crowns that were wanted as the names of men, the encouragement they gave one another by being united. The people of Morpeth ought no longer look to Morpeth only, nor the people of East Maitland to East Mait- land, nor the people of West Maitland to West Maitland. He hoped this movement would bring an end to all that, and that henceforth they would be a united people. Alderman Ewing seconded the motion. He said that Alderman McLoughlin had struck the right nail on the head. What we wanted was union in the Hunter River district. In 1857 he brought up this subject of flood prevention for discussion at the Schools of Arts both in West Maitland, and in East Maitland; but in East Maitland he was regarded as a West Maitlander, and in West Maitland he got little sympathy because he belonged to East Maitland. He hoped, however, that this was the dawning of better times. He was satisfied that the work aimed at by the League could be accomplished; and when accomplished, people would be wonderstruck at the smallness of the expense, and astonished at their having lived so long without attempting it. The resolution was carried unanimously. The Rev. J. DOUGALLl moved the next reso- lution. He said from what he had been told he had come prepared to see evidence of suspicion, disunion, and local jealousy, and to witness an explosion; but he was glad to find instead a heavenly atmosphere, vernal breezes, and every sign of peace. He did not think that, with all their knowledge of floods, they ap- preciated them fully, or sufficiently realised their effects. If anything could be found burnt into their hearts, after death, the floods should be, with their frightful ravages, sapping and under- mining the prosperity of the district, and the morale of its people. He should have thought that the importance of flood matters wonld have made them the subject of constant discussion and agitation, and that rather than have such a meeting as that on such a subject, they would have had the town crier crying through the streets until he established chronic bronchitis. It was a disgrace not to have a better meeting. He could not understand the apathy on this question. In West Maitland, where the main street - and more than the main street, the rampart of the town - was falling into the river, and a meeting was called to deal with the matter, twelve hands were held up to pass a resolution. It was a farce only. At Morpeth - the member for which electorate was told in the House that his constituency was under water - it was considered necessary to appoint canvassers to ascertain whether a meeting should or should not be held. How could this be explained? He felt that if he let himself out on this subject he would almost blow np the house. He could hardly believe that people with eyes, and hearts, and understandings - people even with breeches pockets - would fail to fire np and show their interest in such a question. But there were people who would never look out till they knocked against a thing. One would say that to men who had been born or lived long in the district, who were connected with it by every social tie, every heart-string would be touched by these calamities. He could understand how some would say in answer to that remark that these were not the days for sentiment; sentiment wonld not pay; they did not want sentiment, but £ s d. But this was a question off £ s. d. It was a question of full pockets or empty pockets; of bustling trade or collapse; of full stores crowded with customers, or closed shutters; of houses going up rapidly, and lines of bricks and mortar stretching out in every direction, with competition for occupation before the buildings were ready, or dilapidation, with verandahs caving in, plaster falling down, windows, doors, and skirting-boards growing small by degrees and beautifully less, as the pickers up of unconsidered trifles, knowing that the pot must be made to boil, helped them- selves to what providence had placed within their reach. It was a question whether there should or should not be a blight and desolation over the country, a cessation of em- ployment for the labouring man and mechanic, a general collapse from the centre to the circum- ference of the Hunter River valley. They might say in East Maitland, we are on the top of the hill, we are on the right side of the hedge. But it was not well to be too sure. They conld not always be sure that they were on the right side of the hedge. They might think themselves safe from the bull sup- posed to be on the other side, until they were made aware of his presence on their own side by the argumentum a posteriori. They might think themselves all right, until they found themselves all wrong. When the evil came next door, it was time for them to look out; when it touched others so near them, it was time to join and stop it. England did not stand at her own door when she fought the Russians at Sebastapol. Belgravia was free from fevers; but Belgravia paid to kill fever in St. Giles's. The battle must be fought before it reached them- selves. If West Maitland went down, they would go into the vortex. They would under- stand what it meant when they found their property depreciated fifty, sixty, or seventy per cent. He was glad to find that the ghosts of suspicion and disunion he had expected to see had been exorcised When he had heard of the remark about the protection of the river bank, he at once judged it to have been un- guarded-just what might have been expected from men whose minds were occupied, and hearts were bursting, with what they saw im- mediately before them. But that had been fully explained that night, and he was glad to see it, for the sake of harmony (cheers). The idea that they were all to work for the benefit of West Maitland alone had been fully explained away. Again, when the League was formed, he thought at first that it was a mistake their ap- pointing their own officers, and so forth; but he thought it best to pocket what was done and make the best of it. He was very happy, how- ever, to see their friends from West Maitland come forward so handsomely, and say that this could be all done over again when the League was complete. They had made the amende honorable, and the people of East Maitland should accept it (cheers). He had come prepared to give some hard raps; and though he had been forestalled on some matters, he had still some left to administer. Where were the landlords, the magnates of the district? This was their battle, and they should come to the front. They must come to the front, or it would never be won. The Hunter River would never be deepened with half crowns. The landlords ought to come forward and head the lists with their names and their subscriptions. Sympathy spreads; but it was money that wonld tell. It was all very well to say that it was names they wanted; he was not so flat as that (laughter); they wanted the cash also. If people had gone to M. Lesseps with a long list of names, and told him to go in and win, he would have asked for the figures also, and the cash they represented. The landlords must come to the front. What would they say if their tenants went elsewhere, if instead of getting £3000 for a half- year's rent, as Mr Creer had told them, their lands were let to five or six graziers. It was their battle, and they must either put down or stump up, and head the lists, and show what they were ready to do,-even to the extent of giving one-fourth of an estate in order to save the rest of it. He was glad to see a prospect of union; but he was very bitter about the apathy that was shown. People at a distance would soon begin to think that their trouble was all humbug, and that they rather liked it. What were they coming to? There were some men who were in the habit of describing their symp- toms to their friends, and their case was at first listened to with interest; but after a while people got tired of hearing of their symptoms; they were bored by their symptoms. That would soon be their case. They first got the kicks and the halfpence together; they would soon get the kicks without the halfpence- moral reflections, cutting remarks, and, worse than all, newspaper paragraphs. If nothing were done, and there came an end to the Hunter River dis- trict, it would be proved to be a wise dispensa- tion of Providence; the verdict would be returned, as by the Coroner's jury of the tale, "Sarved him right," and the district would deserve to be buried in disgrace. He hoped, however, that this would not be the case; that their eyes wonld be opened, and that they would make others see, and that the result would be an effort worthy of the stake and worthy of men. He moved:-" That it is desirable (no, he would say imperative) that the inhabitants of East Maitland become members of the Hunter River District Floods' Prevention League; and that the following gentlemen be a local committee in connection therewith, viz.-Messrs. A. Dodds, J. Chambers, W. Cains, A. G. Cullum, E. Sparke, M'Loughlin, Brunker, Ewing, G. Atkinson, J. Cunningham, E. Cobcroft, Rev. J. Dougall; and that Mr. C. S. Pitt act as secre- tary, and Mr. Sparke as treasurer." Mr. Galloway seconded the resolution, and it was carried unanimously. Mr. E. Sparke moved the third resolution "That the following gentlemen shall be mem- bers of the General Council of the League, viz.: -Mr. A. Dodds, Rev. J. Dougall, Messrs. Chambers, M'Loughlin, and Brunker.'' Those gentlemen were well known, largely interested, and of acknowledged energy. They could not select men of more ability. The League was gaining in strength and public confidence, and he hoped that when the council was made up, and members had been elected from all parts of the district, it would be able to grapple with the difficulty. He hoped the report of the Com- missioners would be favourable; they would then be in better spirits for their work. But if it were unfavourable, then the League would have to apply elsewhere for greater skill than the colony possessed. He agreed with the Rev. Mr. Dougall that the landlords ought to come forward, for it was they who would suffer if nothing were done, and their tenants were unable to pay their rents. Instead of standing aloof, they whose interests were more largely concerned ought to be the first to lead the way in carrying out a scheme of relief for the district. (Cheers ) Alderman CULLUM seconded the motion. He said he had been afraid of the bogies alluded to by the Rev. Mr. Dougall, but as far as he was concerned all prejudices had been wiped away, and he should be very happy to join the League. East Maitland suffered much by floods; the elec- torate suffered more than any part of the dis- trict, because the water stayed so long on such parts as Louth Park, Dagworth, Buchanan, and Raworth, whilst it got off Bolwarra sooner. Their sympathy should also go forth to others. He was glad it was not a local movement; that they should all row in the same boat, in furthering the leagne. The mere fact that it had a beginning in West Maitland did not make it a local affair. It was, he be- lieved, great nonsense to say that the floods could not be mitigated. If the worst floods were made three to five feet lower, they would not do anything like the same amount of mis- chief. The example of Holland should encou- rage them. Some said that canals would be of no use; but every one could see that if two taps instead of one were put into a barrel, the water would run off faster. He thought some plan could be devised. He hoped that the report of the Commission would be favorable; but if not, he believed there were engineers at hand who would solve the difficulty. The resolution was carried unanimously. The Bishop of Maitland returned thanks on behalf of the deputation; and in doing so remarked that the meeting had been looked forward to, as the first of the kind, with anxiety, but would be regarded as a success, and would he hoped give a tone to meetings to be held elsewhere. He proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman. Mr. Lee seconded the motion, and also re- turned thanks as a member of the deputation. The vote having been carried, Mr. Dodds responded, saying that the meeting was a great success, and he hoped its results would go further. The Rev. J. Dougall proposed a vote of thanks to tbe deputation, to whose candour, lucid explanations, courtesy, and evident sym pathy, he considered the tone of the meeting attributable. The motion was seconded by Mr. Ewing, carried, and acknowledged by the BISHOP, soon after which the meeting dispersed, some of those present first enrolling themselves as members of the League. 