THEATRE ROYAL, On Monday night, Mr. Bandmann appeared before a good house at the Theatre Boyal in the role of Hamlet. As by this character more perhaps than by any other Shakespearian actors are generally judged, the audience was unusually expectant and curious respecting the trage dian's delineation of the Danish Prince. Atten tion was also very much taken up by scenic arrangements in some of the acts that were new to the Adelaide stage, and by rendering of cer tain passages varying rather from those of other impersonators. These matters, perhaps, rather distracted the attention from the impersonation as a whole, bat they made the house critical, and by driving people's judgment out of the settled groove in which it might have fallen during the two Montgomery seasons rendered their study of the present representation more intelligent. The actor was certainly not taken on trust; approbation was suspended; but when it did come it was as hearty as it was de served. The portraiture of the unhappy Prince was clear and powerful, the lights and shades of his character being brought out with a wonder ful distinctness. One feature in the delinea tion was, perhaps, that the idea of Hamlet's sanity was rather strongly conveyed. This was done without any effort to produce such an effect, and we are not aware what Mr. Band mann's theory on the subject is; but bis Ham let, in his soliloquies and in bis discnurse with bis two most intimate friends, certainly appears truly sane. Then, with those whom he means to deceive on this point he exhibits a deep meaning in his words and manner; and then, to baffle them, suddenly bursts into some extravagance of expression and attitude. This " method in his madness" is a necessary part of any rendering of Hamlet, but as we saw him list night the suspicions of the king as to the real state of his mind seemed more called for than with some readings. To come to details, enc marked peculiarity in the impersonation was the Prince's demeanor when confronted by the ghost of his father. All impersonators of Hamlet worth mentioning represent him as awed and astonished by the appaiition, but they give him more than a determination—they attribute to him au alacrity—in following the spectre. Mr. Bandiuann's idea is somewhat different. He shows the Prince as having vowed to meet the spirit of his sire, but as being over come with a natural terror when it ap pears. Even more perhaps than bis friends, he is affected by the unearthly spec tacle. He shrinks back, gazes with a wild expression, his utterance is subdued to a thril ling whisper, and yet relieving all this appear ance of dread there is the yearning of the son towards his father, and the fond longing to converse with him. When the spirit beckons, he hesitates for a moment, then says he will follow; his friends hold him, and then all his manhood returns. Feeling a merely mortal opposition, he repulses it with all the energy of his nature, and breaking from those who would detain him, he draws his sword and says — " By heaven I'll make a ghost of him that lets me. I say, away—go on—lll follow thee." Once free and alone with the supernatural his feeling of horror returns, and is plainly exhi bited, though he straggles against and conquers it. Now this conception somewhat differs from that of great actors; hut is it not a correct one? To form an opinion upon this point let any one with a lively imagination, ignoring all stage representations of this scene, consider what the bearing of a bold man would be under such circumstances. A brave man is not ex pected to be cool and perfectly self-possessed when in convene with beings from the other world, and the courage of Hamlet wonld be moat naturally shown in subduing a natural dread than in not exhibiting an awe equal to the occasion. In the dialogue with bis father, Mr. Bandmann was natural, though the effect of this was somewhat marred by the Ghost having studied elocution of a parish clerk reading the Church service, in a whining mono tone. Another variation from other models was, that Horatio and Marcellus, instead of finding Hamlet after his ghostly interview af fecting unconcern, discover him in a reclining posture, and overpowered by his emotions. When, however, they question him, his self command returns. This idea is surely very na tural. In the rest of the impersonation we saw little that was like an innovation upon old notions. Hamlet's sagacious philosophy, caustic humor, cutting banter, and searching insight into men's motives and dispositions, ware all exquisitely rendered ; and the absorbing sorrow for his father's death, his im measurable scorn and detestation of the murderous king, and his deadly resolution to avenge the crime, were portrayed with a marvellous power and fidelity. The scenes with Ophelia showed some master touches—especially his transient but unmistakeablo signs of grief at the part he feels obliged to play, and the trouble it causes her. Tho play scene was grand, though the allusion to galled withers might, perhaps, have been more deliberately given ; but then it was desirable not to show the design of the entertainment. In the inter view with his mother Mr. Bandmann's Hamlet might have been somewhat more subdued in manner; but otherwise his task of showing to his mother her conduct in its own true and hateful light was admirably performed. His share in tho grave scene and the final tragedy were magnificent pieces of acting, and the delivery throughout was admirable. On the whole it was a grand impersona tion, that will bear study, and be the better liked the more it is studied. Mr?. Bandmann's Ophelia was a graceful and effec tive piece of acting, though in the earlier scenes a little wanting in sprightliness. The mad passages were cleverly rendered, and much ap plauded. Mrs. Stonehani's delivery as the Queen was distinct and emphatic, but she did not look every inch a Queen, and her emotion when Hamlet held up the mirror to her guilty soul, did not appear very powerful or genuine. Mr. Andrews looked and spoke like King Andrews, with rather more indistinctness than usual. Mr. Appleton's ghost was only tolerable when mute; in utter ance ha was simply lackadaisical, and he left] out some of the finest parts of the text. Mr. Humphries made a quiet Horatio, and did not know his part very well. Mr. Stoneham as Laertes was vigorous, and very effective in sword-play; and Mr. Milne adopted a favorite rendering of Folonius, as a somewhat buffoonish dotard. Miss Carey looked an irresistible courtier, but we could not understand bow she knew it was "a palpable bit" when she was at ihe time looking away from the combatants. The rest of the cast was rather weak. The piece was very well mounted, and the scenery excellent, though there were one or two hitches in the mechanical arrangeuients. At the close of the piece there was vociferous cheering, in response to which Mr. Bandmann appeared before the curtain and returned thanks for his reception, and stated that the few little difficulties unavoidable on the first production of such a piece on a stage would be obviated on its repetition. To-night " Hamlet" will be re peated. 