UTfcBATUBE. WIFiS. ifflEKXE COLI.INS. . ' )T.-n , — « if ' « SIXTEENTH SCENE.— SALT PATCH (COHTIiruSD.) ' CHAPTER THE HFTIBTH.— THB MORKTKO. - Anne woke in the strange bed, and looked round her, by the light of the new morning, t the strange room, and soon feUintoa dreamy reverie -Over1 the incidents of the past few weeks She was firetrcailed mitof heraeif do thr -BB&se; " of present' and passing events, hy the voice of the servant girl. outside the door. . - " The master wants yon/ma ami downstairs. " IstheU the anesssge ?" she miked, opening the door. 1 " r " Yes, ma'am. , ' -r She fettow the girl downstairs to the/ dining- room. Breakfast was on the table. Geoffrey was standing at the window. . Hester Dethridge was waiting, potted near the doer. He came J for ward— tnththe nearest approach togtienese, in his manner which she had ever yet seep m it —he came forward, with a set smile on hfe lips, . and offered herhis hand! 1 After one glance at her, when she came in, Hester Dethridge looked at him, too— and from tkat momept, never ISoked away again, as long as Anzie remained iri the room. ? . << He broke the ailence— in -a voice that was -not - like his own 5 : with a . furtive restraint in his manner which she had never noticed in it before. ,» " Won't you shake p&ndB; with your husband," he asked, " when your husband asks you?" She mechanically put her hand in his. He dropped it instantly, with a start. " Clod ! how cold!" he exclaimed. His own hand was horning , hot, and shook incessantly. % He pointed to a chair .at the head of the table. " Will you make the tea ?" he SBked. She had given him her hand: mechanically ; she advanced a step mechanically— and then stopped. „ - ' "v. " Would you prefer breakfasting byoiirself ?" he said<3 " If you please, she answered faintly. " W aif aminnte. I have sontfe&mgto; say, before you go." » ; > > % . 7 , . ! : p > : She waited. 1 , 1 have had the night to think in," he said. " The night has made a new man of me I beg your pardon, for what I said yesterday. I Was not myself yesterday. I talked nonsense yester day. Pieaaeto fbget it, and forgive it. I wish to turn over a new leaf, And . make apiends— make . amends for my past conduct. , It shall be my en- deavour to he a good husband; In the presence of Mrs. Dethridge, I to giye me a chance. I won't force ypw t«sppl»ons. We are married— what's the use of regretting it ? Stay here, as yon said yesterday, fpn your own terms. I wish to make it up. In the presence of Mrs. . Dethridge, I sayT wjsh to make, it up. I won't detain you I request yon to think of it. Gooq morning." ; T- Anne left the room. In the passage, she was obliged to waijtj.and support herselfagainst the wall. His unoatural politeness was kwriMs; his care fully -asserted repentance chilled her to the soul with dread., ... Hester 'Dethridge came out, eloping the door behind her. She looked attentively .at Anne — then wrote on her slate, nud held it out, with these w ords on it - " De you bslieve him ?" ; / Anne pushed: the slate away, mid ran up stairs. Shefastened the door— and sank into! a chair. ; . ! : . " "-Y M ( x " He if plotting something against me, " she said to herself. "What?" ; , At the: same moment, there war- -a ring at the gate bell. Suspicious of anything, and eyeiy- thing, she felt aeudden distrust of letting Herself' be seen. She drew hack behind the puftain, and looked oilt. 1 1 ' i A man- servant, in livery, was. let in. .Ha had . a letter in his hand. He eaid to the girl as he passed under Anne's window, I' nome - from Lady Holchester; Imust see Mr. Delamayn in stantly." - ... They wept in. There was an interval. $bf footman reappearfed. leaving the place. Thpip was anofherinterval: Then, there pame -a knock ac rbe door. "Anne : hesitate di Ttie/ikuock was repeated 5' and the dumb murmuring of /Hester Dethridge, w$s outside., Anne opnqd the i, door. i' ftT. ' l... Hester cpme with the Bhe pointed to a letter, among < the other things on. the . tray. : ' ;It'? was addressed to' Anae in Geolfrey's handwriting $ ;an&. pontained these WOrds :—r v_. . / ; . J -. - ;c,My fether died yesterday. 1 Write your orders for vour " mhurping. . Thp boy wili take ? them.' toe not to trtmble y ouraeif to ' tb| Ldndoii. JBdmebddjfeto'fmtv.n''to)ye &oi;|i. kheahop." J.".."! Anne dfopped the jpaper on berlpj withoutr looking up.' Heto/ eyes and" tnd A it. " W's mother is coming to-day. His brother has been telegraphed from Jjbotlaijdf Hp| drunk last night. He's dpKpgp|pi| | know what that means. Look oiit, ndseusiidOdk to, lcgiNihe room. She closing it PHmanoing at the gate bell. Only (mteSuniving tp take his orders for .pbarely cmtered the garden — fellmjaiSby the piostman. -with letters. Ina minute more, Geoffrey's voice was heard in the passage, and Geoffrey's heavy step ascended the wooden stairs. Anne hurried across the room to drew the bolts. Geoffrey met her before she could close the door I Aiettoi tor you, fhb said j keeping scrupulously Put m the J>oOm. HTdon't srish to force your in- clinations — I only request you to tell me who it's She. glanced at the handwriting on the ad dress. ' Jtom Blanehe," she answered I see it ?" he asked1— and put in his hand forit, through the door; The spirit in Anne whioh would once have resisted him, was dead in her now. She handed him the open letter. It .was very short. Excepting some brief expression of fondness, it was studiously confined to stating the purpose for which it had been written. Blanche proposed to visit Anne that afternoon, accompanied by her uncle : she sent word before-hand, to make sure of finding Anne at home. That was alL The letter had evidently been written under Sir Patrick's advice. Geoffrey bunded it back, after first waiting a moment to think. '! My. father died yesterday," he said. " My wife can't receive visitors before he is buried;. I don't wish to force your inclinations. I only say I Can't let visitors in here, before the funeral— except my own family. Send a note downstairs. The lad will take it to your friend when he gOef to London." With those words, he left her. . The hour wore on ; and Hester Dethridge ap- peared sgain. The lad was waiting for Anne's orders for her mourping, and for her note to Mrs. Arnold Brinkworth. AttnC wrote the orders and the note. Once more, the horrible slate appeared when she had dose, between the , writing paper and her eyes, with the hard lines of warning pitilessly traced on it. " He has locked the gate. When there's ; ,a ring, we are to come to him for the key. He has . written to a woman. Hame Outside the letter, Mrs. Glenarm. He has had more brandy Like my husband. Mind yourself.' . She went back mechanically to the window. The sight of. the outer world, the occasional view of a passing vehicle, helped to sustain her. The lad appeared in the front garden, depart ing to. perform his errands, in London. Geoffy went with him to open the gate, and called after him, as he passed through it, " Don't forget toe books!" The " books P" What "boo ?" Who wanted them? The slightest thin now roused Anne's suspicion. For hours afterwards, the books haunted her mind. : He secured the gate, and came back again. He stopped under Anne's window, and called to her. She showed, herself. ,f When you want air and exercise," he said, " the back garden is at your own disposal." He put the key of the gate in his pocket, and returned to the house. After the lapse of half an hour, the silence was broken by a noise of carriage wheels on the public road in front, and a ring at the bell. Anne kept close to the cottage, at the back ; determined, if a chance offered, on speaking to the visitor, whoever the visitor might be. . She heard voices in the dining-room, through |the open window — Geoffrey's voice and the voice of a woman. Who was the .woman P Hot Mrs. Glenarm, surely P After a while, the visitor's voice was suddenly raised. " Where is she ?" it said. " I wish to see her." Anne instantly ad vanced to the back door of the house — and found herself face to face with a lady who was a total stranger to her. , " Are you my son's wife ?" asked toe ladv. " lam your son's prisoner," Anne answered. Lady Holchester's pale face tnrned paler still. It was plain that Anne's reply >had confirmed some doubt in the mother's mind, which had been already suggested to it by toe son. "What do yon mean ?" she asked in a whisper. Geoffrey's heavy footstep crossed toe dining- room. Tfiere was no time to explain. Anne whispered back. " Tell my friends what I have told you." Geoffrey appeared at the dioing-room door. "Name one of your friends," said Lady Hoi- cheater. ; " Sir Patrick Lundie." Geofffoy heard the answer. " What about Sir Patrick Lundie ?" he asked. "I wish to see Sir Patrick Lundie," said his mother. " And your wife can tell me where to find him." 5 Anne instantly understood that Lady Hoi- Chester would oomimunicate with Sir Patrick. She mentioned his London address. Lady Hoi- Chester turned to leave the cottage. Her son stopped her. " Let's sef things straight," he said, "before you go.' My mother," he went on, addressing himrelf to Anne, " don't think there's much chance for us two of living comforfably together. Bear witness to , the truth— will you? What did I tell you at breakfast-time? Didn't I say it should be my endeavour to make yon a good husband ? Didn't I say — in Mrs. Dethridge' s presefice-l-I wanted to make it up ?" He waited, until Anne had answered in the affirmative j and then appealed to his mother. "Well? what do you think nop ?" Lady Holchester declined to reveal what she thought.- You shall see me, or hear from me, this evening," slie " said to Anne. Geoffrey at tempted 4o -repeat his unanswered question. Hib mother looked at him. His eyes iustantly dropped before hers. She gravely bent her head to Anne, and drcwi her veil. Hereon followed her out in silence to the gate. Anno returned her room, sustained by the first sense relief which she had felt since the morning'' " His mother is alarmed," she said to herself. " A change wdl eoroe." A change was to come— with the coming nigi-t. CHAPTER riETrTHjSTt — THE PROPOSAL.. : Towards sunset, Lady : Holchester's carriage drew up before the kste of the cottage. 1 Three 3Ady lfotoester ; her eldestson now Lord Holchesterj 5 « jyPatrick Lundie. t jWUl you wait in the carriage, Sir Patrick ? toid Julius. " Or will you come ill?" " I will wait. H I can be of the least use to her, sent for me instantly. In the meantime, don't forget to make the stipulation which I have suggested. It is the one certain way of putting your brother's real feeling in this matter to toe test." The servant had rung the bell, without pro ducing any result. He rang again. Lady Sol- Chester put a question to Sir Patrick. " If I have an opportunity of speaking to my son's wife alone," she said, " have you aDy message to giro ?" Sir Patrick produced a little note. " May I appeal to your ladyship's kindness to give her this ?" The gate was opened by the servant girl, as Lady Holchester took the note. 1 "Remember," reiterated Sir Patrick earnestly, " if j I can be of the smallest service to her— -don't think of my position with Mr. Delamayn. Send for me at once." J ulius and his mother were conducted into the drawing-room. The girl informed them that her master had gone, upstairs to lie down, and that he would be with, them immediately. Both mother and son were too anxious to speak. Julius wandered uneasily about the room. Some books attracted his notice, on a table in a corner — four dirty, greasy volumes, with a Blip of paper projecting from the leaves of one of them, and containing this inscription, " With Mr. Perry's respects." Julius opened the volume. It was the ghastly popular record of Criminal Trials in England, called the Newgate Calendar. The door opened, and Geoffrey entered the room. Julius eyed him closely as they shook hands. His eyes were bloodshot ; his face was flushed ; his utterance was thick — the look of him was the look of a man who had been drinking hard. " Well ?" he said to his mother. " What brings you back ?" "Julius has a proposal to make to yott,rt Lady Holchester answered. " I apprete of it ; and I have come with him." Geoffrey turned to his brother. " I want to do youjustics, Geoffrey — if you will help me, by meeting me half way. Our mother has told you about the will ?" " Pm not down for a halfpeny in the will I expected as much. Go on." " You are wrong — you are down in it. There is liberal provision made for you in a codicil. Unhappily, my father died without signing it. It is needless to say that I consider it binding on me for all that I am ready to do for you, what your father would have done for you. And I 1 only ask for one concession in return." ' " What may that be ?" " You are living here very unhappily, Geoffrey, with JQur wife. It is impossible that you can hve together. I have come here to ask you to consent to a separatioB. Do that — and the pro vision made for you in the unsigned codicil is yours. What do you say ?" Geoffrey shook his brother's hand off his arm. " I say- — No !" he answered. Lady Holchester interfered for the firet time. " Your brother's generous offer deserves a better answer than that," she said. "My answer," reiterated Geoffrey, " is — No !" " In your situation," said J ulius, " a refusal is sheer madness. I won't accept it." " Do as you like about that. My mind's made up. I won't let my wife be taken away from me. Here she stays." The brutal tone in which he made that reply roused Lady Holchester's indignation. " Take care !" she said " You are not only .behaving with the grossest ingratitude towards your brother— you are forcing a suspicion into your mother's mind. You have some motive that you are hiding from us." He turned on his mother, with a sudden ferocity which made JuliuB spring to his feet. The next instant, his eyes were on the ground | and the devil that possessed him was quiet again. " Some motive I'm hiding from you ?" he re peated, with his head down, and his utterance thicker than ever. "Fm ready to have my motive posted all over London, if yon like. I'm fond of He looked up, as he said the last words. Lady Holchester turned away her head — recoiling from her own sou. So overwhelming was the shock inflicted on her, that even the strongly-rooted pre judice whieh Mrs. Glenarm had implanted in her mind, yielded to it. At that moment, she ab solutely pitied Anne ! "Poor creature !" said Lady Holchester. He took instant offence at those two words. " I won't have my wife pitied by anybody." With that reply, he dashed into the passage 5 and called out, " Anne ! come down !" Her soft voice answered; her light footfall was heard on the stairs. She came into the room. Julius advanced j took her hand ; and held it kindly in his. " We are haviag a little family discussion," he said, trying to give her confi dence. " And Geoffrey is getting hot over it. as usual." Geoffrey appealed sternly to his mother. " Look at her !" he said. " Is she starved ? Is she in rags ? Is she covered with bruises ?" He turned to Anne. " They have come here to pro pose a separation. My mother comes here, and my brother comes here — and they offer me money to part from you. Money be hanged ! I'll be beholden to nobody. I'll get my own living. Shame on the people who interfere between man and wife ! Shame ! — that's what I say — shame !" Anne looked, fer an explanation, from her hus band to her husband's mother. Have yon proposed a separation between us r " Yes — on terms of the utmost advantage (to my son ; arranged with every possible consideration towards you. Is there any objection on your side?" "Ob, Lady Holchester! is it necessary to ask me ? What does he say ?" " He has refused." « Refused ?" " Yes," said Geoffrey. " I don't go back from my word ; I stick to what I said this morning. It's my endeavour to make you a good husband. It's my wish to make it up.'' He paused, and then added his last reason : — " I'm fond of you." Their eyes met, as he said it to her. Julius felt Anne's hand suddenly tighten round his. The desperate grasp of the frail cold fingers, the imploring terror in the gentle sensitive face as it slowly turned his way, eaid to him as if in words, " Don't leave me friendless to night!" " If yop bqtb ®top here till domesday," said Geoffrey, "you'll get nothing more out of me. You have had my reply." With that, he seated himself doggedly in a corner of the rpoga ; waiting — ostentatiously waiting — for his mother and his brother to. take theiff leave. . > "We will drop it for to-night, he said. " But I am not the less WaolVed; ill spite of all that you have said; to feturn tq the subject to morrow. It ftoUld save me some inconvenience— a se&ohd; journey here from town, and-then going back again to my engagements — if I stayed with you to-night. Can you give me a bed ?" A look flashed on him from Anne, which thanked him as no words could have thanked him. " Give you a bed ?" repeated Geoffrey. He checked himself, on the point of refusing. His mother was watching him $ his wife Waft W&fehlng; him — and his wife knew that thb Iftom above them was a room to spaM ' All right!" he resumed, in another totee, with his eyes on his mother. " There's an empty room upstairs. Have it, if you like. Go and fell old Dummy to put the sheets on the bed," said he to Anne. He burst fiercely into a forced laugh. Lady Holchester rose at the moment when Anne was leaving the room. " I shall hot he here when you return" she said. " Let me bid you good night." She shook hands with AhtoO-'%Mfcj her Sir Pa trick's note unseofo at this time moment. Anne left the room Without addressing another word to her second son, Lady Holchester beckoned to Julius to give her bis arm. He handed Lady Holchester into the carriage; and re-entered, leaving Geoffrey to lock the gate. They went back into the drawing-room. " What will you'have to drink ?" said Geoffrey. " Nothing." " You won't keep me company over a drop of brandy and water? ' "No. You have had enough bfttody fend water" After & ffidiheht of frowning self-consideration in the glass, Geoffrey abruptly agreed with Ju lius. "I look like it," he said. "I'll soon put that right." He disappeared, and returned with a wet towel tied round his head. " What will you do, while the women are getting your bed ready ? Liberty Hall here. I've taken to cul tivating my mind— I'm a reformed cbahibter, you know, now I'm a mafHefi man. You do what you like, t shall fe&d.; Geoffrey drew his chair to the table, and opened one of tbe volumes of his record of crime. The evening newspaper was lying on the sofa. Julius took it up, and seated himself opposite to his brother. He noticed with softie slirprise, that Geoffrey appeared tti hive a special object in con sulting his book. Instead of beginning at the | first page, he ran the leaves through bis fingers, and turued them, down at certain places, before he entered on his reading. If Julius bad looked over his brother's shoulder, instead of only looking at him, across the table, be would have seen that Geoffrey passed by all the lighter crimes reported in the calendar, and marked for his oWn private reading the cases of Murder only; CHAPTER fltE MFT-SECOND. — THE APPARITIOH. The night had advanced. If was close on twelve o'clock, when Anne heard the servant's voice, outside her bedroom door, asking leave to speak with her for a moment. "What is it?" " The gentleman downstairs wishes to see you, ma'am." ' Do you mean Mr. Delamayn's brother P" " Yes!" "Where is Mr. Delamayn ?" " Out in the gatdeb ma'am." Anhe went downstairs and found Julius alone in the drawing- room. " I am sorry to disturb you," he said. " I am afraid Geofirey is ill. The landlady has gone to bed, I am told — and I don't know where to apply for medical assistance. Do you know of aby doctor in the neighbourhood ?" Anne like Julius Was a perfect stranger to the neighbourhood. She suggested making inquiry of the servant. On speaking to the girl, it turned out that she knew of a medical man, living within ten minutes' walk of tbe cottage. She could gire plain directions enabling any person to find the place — but she was afraid, at that hour of the night and in that lonely neighbourhood, to go out by herself. " Is he seriously ill ?" Anj j asked. He is in such a state of nervous irritability," said Julius, " that he can't remain still for two moments together in the same place. It began with incessant restlessness while he was reading here. I persuaded him to go to bed. He couldn't lie still for an instant — he came down again, burning with fever, and more restless than ever. He is out in tbe garden, in spite of everything I could do to prevent him : trying, as he says, to (rua it off.' It appears to be serious to me. Come and judge for yourself." He led Anne into the next room : and, opening the shutter, pointed to the garden. The clouds had cleared off ; tbe night was fine, i The clear starlight showed Geoffrey, stripped to his shirt and drawers, running round and round the garden. He apparently believed hhnself to he contending at the Fulham foot-race. At times, as the white figure circled round and round in tlie starlight, they heard him cheering for " the South." The slackening thump of his feet on the ground, the heavier and heavier gasps in which he drew liis breath, as he passed the window, gave warning that his strength was failing him. Exhaustion, if it led to worse consequences, would force him to return to the House. In the state of his brain at that moment, who could say what the result might be, if medical help was not called in ?" " I will go for the doctor," said J ulius, " if you don't mind my leaving you." It was impossible for Anne to set any appre hensions of her own against the plain necessity for summoning assistance. They found the key of the gHIV lu IUO puuaov U1 CUIUVjr a WOV UJWWHW Anne went with Julius to let him out. "How can I thank you !" she said gratefully. " What should I have done without you " I won't be a moment longer than I can help," he answered — and left her. She secured the gate again, and went back to the cottage. The servant met her at the door — and proposed calling up Hester Dethridge. " We don't know what the master may do, while his brother's away," said the girl. " And one more of us isn't one too many, when we are only women in the house." t ® You are quite right," said Anne. " Wake your mistress." After ascending the stairs, they looked out into the garden, through the window at the end of the passage on the upper floor. He was still going round and round, but very slowly : his pace was f&Bt; slackening to a walk. Anne wentbrek to her room, end waited near the epen door — ready to close and!!? stoutly, rf anything ocoured to alarm her « chaBgimhr'Se, thought tober0 thing frightens me, now. Hester Dethridge's door opened , straight into Awte'l rOdffi; Arifib ilsked her if she had heard whit She bowed her head. " I hope you don't mind being disturbed?" She wrote on her slate " Tm glad to l j- turbed. I have been dreaming bad dreams ft" good for me to be wakened, when sleen 4 backwards in my life. What's wron/witk 059 Frightened?" gWlthJ««f "Yes." She «r?dtS &g;&lh; and pointed towards tWJ with one hand, while she held foe date n? -911 the other : — Frightened of him V ' T " Terribly frightened." She wrote for the third time, and offered jl slate to Anne with a ghastly smile j ' been through it all. I know. You're onlr beginning now. He'll put the wrinkles L y face, aod the grey in your hair. There w X a time when you'll wish yourself dtod ttid bHrftot Youwill live through it; fot All Ifcopflj As she read the last three words, Anne he»w> ' the garden door below, opened and baneed t again. 3he caught Hester Dethridge bythe arm and listened. The tramp of Geoffrey's feet gering heavily in the passage, gave token 0fU approach to the stairs. He was talking to himaelf still possessed by the delusion that fib wfti <. foot-racs. " FlVtj td fotir on Delamajn. jyj mayn s Won. Three Cheers for the South, and oca cheer more. Devilish long rice; Night ftfrat/iJ Perry ! where's Perry ?" He advanced; etdggfetitlg from Bidb to side ohttl passagb; Tlib fcUite bbloW creaked as he set hi foot on them. Hester Dethridge dragged heaelf free from Anne $ advanced, with her candle in hand, and threw open Geoffrey's bedroom doors returned to tbe head of the stairs and stood there, firm bb a rock, waiting for him. He looked up, as he set his foot on the next stair, and met the view of Hester's face, brightly illuminated by the candle, looking down at him. On the instant he stopped, tobted to thfe place on whieh heilodd. Ghost! witch! devil!" he cried out, "take your eyes off ine !" He shook his fiet at her furiously, with an oath — sprang back into the ball — and shut himself into the dining-room from tbe eight of her. The panic which hadjwiied hiffi once already in tlib kitcHbn-gaxaeh at WiHdygaigi, unde!; the eyes of the dumb cook, had fastened ib hold on him once more. Frightened — absolutslf frightened — of Hester Dethridge. The gate-bell rang. JuliuB had returned with the doctor. Anne gave the key to the girl to let them in, Hes ter wrote on her slate, as composedly as if nothing had happened They'll fiad me in the kitchen if they want me. I shan't go back to my bedroom My bedroom's full of bad dreams." She deieended the stoite. Anile W&itbd; Iti the u$jjer pd&agg;, Hooking over into the hall below. " Your brother ii in the drawing-room," she called down to Julhu, " The landlady is in the kitchen, if you want her." She returned to her room, and waited for whti might happen next. j After a brief interval, she heard tbe drawing- j room door open, and the voices of the men outside. There seemed to be seme difficulty in peranadisg Geoffrey to ascend the stairs ; he persisted in de claring that Hceter Dethridge was writing for him at the top of them. After a little the; pffl suaded liim that the wajr was free. Anne huri them ascend the stairs, and close his bedroom door. Another, and a longer interval passed, before the door opened again. The doctor was going away. He said bis parting words to Julius in the I passage. " Look in at him from time to time I through the night and give him another dote of I the sedative miiture, if he wakes. There is nothing J to be alarmed about iu the restlessness and i!> j fever. They are only the outward manifests' I tions of some serious mischief hidden under them, I Send for tbe medical man who has last attended I him. Knowledge of the patient's casstitatwa, ii I very important knowledge in this case. I As Julius returned from letting the doctor out, I Anne met him in the hall. She was at ones struck I by the worn look on his face, and by the fetigue I which expressed itself in all his movements. I " You wont rest," Bhe said. Pray go to yonr I room. I have heard what the doctor said to you. I Leave it to tbe landlady and to me to sit up« I Julius owned that he had been travelling I Scotland during the previous night. Buthe ,wi I unwilling to abandon the responsibility of watohmg' I his brother. " You are not strong enough, I s® I sure, to take my place," he eaid kindly. " A® I Geoffrey has some unreasoning horror of the lwd I lady, which makes it very undesirable tfcri I should see her again, in his present state. I . I go up to my room, and rest on the bed. If I hear anything, you hare only tojeome and cril I An hour more passed. . I Anne went to Geoffrey's door and latmwi I He was stirring in his bed, and muttering to I self She went on to the door of the next wo® I which Julius had left partly open. Fatigue tw I overpowered him : she heard, within, the I breathing of a man in a sound sleep. _ Anne to I back again, resolved not to disturb him , I At the head of the stairs, she hesitated""? I knowing what lo do. She was still hwjri®# I when Heater Dethridge apjteared from thekucb She joined Aune.at the top of the steiwv; I at her — and wrote a line on her slate: — I ened to go in? Leave it to Me." . ... I The silence in the room justified the I that he was asleep. If Hester looked in, I could do no harm now. Anne accepted the p I posal. -j uAmH I " If you find anythirg wrong," she sma, 0 . f I disturb his brother. Como to me first." I With that caution, she withdrew. It I nearly two in the morning. She, like JmiWi , I sinfcing trom fatigue. After waiting a uw«v hearing nothing, she threw herself on tbe w I her room. If anything happened, a knock door would rouse her instantly. j I In the meanwhile, Hester Detihridg® I Geoffrey's bedroom door, and went in. I The movements and the muttering wbtre | had heard, were movements and mutter®! his sleep. The doctor's composing d" t I partially disturbed in its operation for I only, had recovered its sedative influence brain. Geofirey was in a deep and quiet Hester stood near the door, looking « Bhe moved to go ont again— «topped—-a®jI. her eyes suddenly on one of the inner 1 the room. . . ... - :1a I The same sinister change which henpswas her once already in Geoffrey's prsKB W7fj| 1 were in the kitohen garden at WmdygettenjiK I paseed over her agaiii Bier dosed sf I jooh from thrtgDWWfr, following Bomething-fttong the empty wall, in the direction of the bed— -topped at the head of the bed, exactly above Geoffrey's sleeping face—stared, rigid and glitter ing, »s if ey saw a a sight of horror close over it. He sighed faintly in his sleep. The sound, slight BB it was, broke the spell that held hen ' She gidtfly lifted In? Withered hinds, dtid wruiig them jove her head ; ned back across the pasB≥ ; and. rushing into her room, sank on her knees at the bedside. How, in the dead of night, a strange thing hap pened. Now, in the silence and the darkness, a hideous secret was revealed. Tn the sanctuary of her own rqom — with all the gfcher inmates of the hodse sleeping round her — ibe dumb woman threw off the -mysterious and terrible disguise under which she deliberately Isolated, herself amorw. her fellow creatures in the jloiirs of the day. Hester f/etbiridge spoke. In j0w, thick, smothered accents — in a wild litany of jjer own — she prayed. She called upon the mercy of Hod for deliverance from herself ; for deliverance from the possession of the Devil ; for blindness to fall on her, for death to strike her, so that she might never see that unnamed Horror more! gobs Bhook the whple frame of the stony woman lidm nothing hdnian mdvhd at otHet tidfSs. Tears poured over those clay-cold cheekB. One by one, the frantic words of her prayer died' away on her lips. Fierce shuddering fits shook heir from head to foot. She started up from her knees in the darkness. Light! light! light! The unnamed Horror was behind her in his room. The unnamed Horror was looking at her through his open door. <ahe fOiirid the.match-bqf, atid lit the Candle oh ller table— lit the two' cither dandles Set for Orna ment only on the mantel- piece— and looked all round the brightly-lighted little room. " Aha !" she said to herself, wiping the cold sweat of her agony from her face. " Candles to other people. Hod's light to me. Nothing to be seen ! nothing to be seen !" Taking one of the candles in her hand, she crossed the passage, with her head down ; tdrrLed Her back oh Geoffrey's open door i closed j it quickly and softly, stretching out her hand I behind her; and retreated again to her own I room. She fastened the door, and took an ink bottle and a pen from the mantel- pieee. After considering for a moment, she hung a handker chief over the keyhole, and laid an old shawl long wise at the bottom of the door, so as to hide the light in her room from the observation of any one in the hoU3e who might wake and come that way. Ibis 4one, she opened the Upper part of her dress ; iind slippirig her fingers into a sedret pocket inthe inner side of her stays, produced from it some neatly-folded leaves of thin paper. Spread out on the table, the leaves revealed themselves — all but the last — as closely covered with writing, in her own hand. The first leaf was headed by this inscription : — " My Confession. To be put iuto. my coffin, and td be buried with me when I die." She turned the. manuscript over, so as to get at the last page. The greater part of it was left- Blank. A few linbs of waiting, at the top, bore the date of thti day df the we£k stnd month, on which Lady Lundie had dismissed her from her situation at Windygates. The entry was expressed in these terras : — " I haVe seen It again to-day: The first time, fdf two riionthS jkst. lii the kitchen garden. Standing behind the young gentleman whose name is Delamayn. Resist the Devil, and he will flee; from you. I have resisted. Bj prayer. Bj1 meditation in solitude. By reading good books. I have left nly place: I have Lost sight of the ) ciing gehtlemari fdr good. u Who' will It stand behind? and point to next ? Lord mercy upon me ! Christ have mercy upon me !" Under this, Bhe now added the following lines : first carefully prefixing the date ; — " I have seen it again to-night. I notice one awful change. It has appeared twice, behind the Same persdn; This Has nvfer happened before. This makes the temptation inofe lerfiblc than erer. To-night, in his bedroom, between the bed head and tile wall, I have 6een it behind yonog j&r.; Delamayn again. The head just above his race; and. the i finger pointing downwards at hi- fhroilj. . TiBe behitid thia.ofie niari. And never twice behind any other livifag creature, till now. If I see it a third time behind hini — liord deliver me! Christ deliver me ! t daren't think of it He shall leave my cottage td-morroA. I would feiii have draiM hflck frOni .thq blargdltii wlien the Stranger took the lodgings for his mend, and ihe friend proved to be Mr. Delamayn. I didn't like it, even then. After the warning to- night, my niind is made np. He shall go. He may have his money back, if he likes. He shall go. (Memo randum: — Felt fob temptation whispering this tbie, and the tferr.or tbiririg at all .the $liile, as I have never felt them yet. Resisted, as before, by prayer. Am now going down stairs to meditate against it in solitude — to fortify myself against it by good books. Lord be merciful to me a sinner1.)" In those words she closed the entry, and. put the manuscript back in the secret pocket in her stays. H She went down to the little room looking on the A garden, which had once been her brother's study. Ihsre, she lit a lamp, and took some books from a. m alf that hung against the wall. The books were H the Bible, a volume of Methodist sermons, and a a let of collection Memoirs of Methodist saints. H Hanging these last carefully round her, in an order 9 her own. Hester Dethride sat down with the || Bible on her lap, to watch out the night. — From m Cassell's Magazine. Melbourne agent, Geo. H Robertson. 9 (to be cohxurijed.) 