DENTLIQTTIir POLICE COURT We give hereunder the defence complete. re Giles v. Jonts, a portion of which it reprinted. WEDNESDAY, MAT 25. (Before E. Wren, J. H. Graves, and A. W. F. Noyes, Esqa., J:Ps.) Giles v. Jones, libel, was resumed, and the case for the defence proceeded with. Mr. De Lissa, attorney for defendant, called Francis A. Gwynne, who deposed : I am a squatter in the Deniliquin district, where I ha"e been for about twenty-seven years. I have had conversations with Mr. Giles as to his connection with Mr. Taylor. I have had several conversations on the subject; but at the first conversation I strongly recommended Mr. Giles, when he first came here as police magistrate, not to stop at any public-house. Spoke to him as a friend—the purport was that it would be better to keep himself perfectly aloof from anything going on in the township, hut merely to come in and do his duties. Did not at that time refer to any rumours. Mr. Giles said, speaking in friendly terms, that he couhl not find any place to go to. Some time ago, in reading the cases that occurred in the court, it struck me that there was a very considerable bias exhibited by Mr. Giles in favour of the innkeeper with whom he was stopping—Mr. Taylor. Taylor's name was often before the court—or the names of some of those in whom Taylor was interested. My attention was drawn to the bias hy several others, some of whom were magistrates, and I determined to «peak to Mr. Giles on the subject as a friend. So far as I could judge it was the subject of general remark. [The evidence was objected to by Mr. Giles. Mr. De Lissa contended that all rumours were admissable as evidence, and after citing a case, the Bench decided that the evidence was admissable.] So far as I could judge, it was the subject of general remark that Mr. Giles was biassed in favour of Taylor. I spoke to Mr. Giles as a friend and a brother magistrate. I kept some of the papers with the different cases in them, and Mr. Giles and myself went over some of those cases, and, by way of explanation, in course of conversation, he explained, or tried to explain, his adjudication in the different cases. I tried to accept, and did accept, his explanations at the time. The next conversation was, that I had heard further rumours to the effect that Mr. Giles, in coming in the coach one day from Echuca, some gentleman, or some person—I don't know who he was—had asked Mr. Giles to recommend him to some inn or hotel where lie had better stop, and that Mr. Giles recommended him to go to Roberts' Hotel, as being the quietest place in Deniliquin ; that this person went to that hotel, and subsequently, that evening, went up to Taylor's hotel, and that when there some person had asked him why he did not come to Taylor's at first, he said Mr. Giles recommended him to go to Roberts's as the quietest, and that Taj'lor hearing of this went up at once to Mr. Giles and ordered him out of his house. Question : Was anything else said—anything about salt junk. Mr. Giles objected to this evidence; it was, he submitted, put into the mouth of the witness by Mr. De Lissa. Mr. De Lissa replied, and the Bench decided that the evidence was admissable. Mr. De Lissa also protested against any interference from Mr. Giles. Mr. Giles continued talking" after the Bench had decided, and upon Mr. De Lissa reminding him that the Bench had ruled that the evidence was admissable, an altercation ensued, during which Mr. De Lissa observed that Mr. Giles was disgracing himself by his conduct—disgracing the dignity of his position. Mr. Giles: I am here as an attorney, an attorney in my own case. Mr. De Lissa: You do not act as an attorney ; an attorney is usually considered to be a gentleman. Mr. Giles: Well, then, that is the only claim y<?u can have to he one. The altercation was checked by Dr. Wren remarking that the Beneh would have to adjourn if it was not discontinued. The question above objected to was put by Mr. DeLissa, and answered in the negative. Owing to that rumour I made up my mind to ask Mr. Giles as a friend and brother magistrate if it was true or not. I asked Mr. Giles if it was true that he had come up with some person, and recommended him to Itoherts's, and that because he did not recommend him to go to Taylor's, Taylor ordered him out of his place. Mr. Giles admitted that it was true. Witness said, " Do yon mean to say that you, the Police Magistrate of this district, because you did not tout as Taylor thoupht you ought to do, that he ordered you out of his place like a doer." He said he had an agreement with Taylor, and he would make Taylor carry it out. I then said, for the future, I must decline knowing him ; that was all that occurred at that time. Previous to the conclusion of this conversation I believe I asked Mr. Giles if he did not resent Taylor's conduct. I think the actual words I made use of were, " Do you mean to sav that you stood it ?" I do not think that I tolii Mr. Giles that I would not speak to him, but said that I must decline knowing him in future. I did not on that occasion tell Mr. Giles not to address me. About a month afterwards Mr. Giles sent in his card by the waiter requesting to see me very particularly. I went and saw him ; he then told me that he was mo3t anxious to explain matters, and I told him that I should listen to what he had to say, and after hearing what he said, I told him that I could see nothing that would induce me to change my opinion of the matter. I have never been asked to sit with Mr. Giles as a magistrate; I never told Mr. Giles that I would not sit with him. I have heard rumours—but merely rumours, that I would not myself rely upon—that Mr. • Giles was not paying for his accommodation at Taylor's, or paying very little. In the same way I have heard flying rumours that Mr. Giles had received gifts from Taylor. I cannot say that gentlemen have refrained from going to the Royal Hotel on account of Mr. Giles being there. I cannot say that gentlemen have avoided Deniliquin in consequence of Mr. Giles being there. I am a magistrate of the Moulamein Bench. Mr. Giles is in the habit of attending that Bench. I believe at one time it was his duty to do so. I am not aware of my own knowledge that Mr. Giles attended the Moulamein Bench since I told him I would not know ' him in future. Cross-examined by Mr. Giles: Read the report of those cases in the Pastoral Times newspaper, of which, I believe, the defendant is the publisher. I don't recollect any case in particular. I don't recollect that one of the cases was the committal of a man for stealing an I.O.U. I cannot particularise any of the cases. I may state that there are many cases on which I have spoken to Mr. Giles. I have tried to look upon the explanations of Mr. Giles as satisfactory; I don't think that I thought these decisions contrary to law. I think the adjudication referred to were in the early part of 1866, or in the end of 1865. Cannot say how often Taylor was before the Court that year— should say more than six times. By persons in Taylor's interest—I mean bis tenants and his representatives. Cannot say of my own knowledge, that Taylor was interested in these persons. Had not gained my information from the Pastoral Times. but from other sources as well. I derived my information from several persons in conversation. None of these people ever stated these rumours in Mr. Giles's presence that I am aware of. I made it my business to ascertain the truth of these matters by speaking to Mr. Giles. I am alluding to that rumour of which I had a conversation with Mr. Giles. Mr. Giles always appeared quite willing to go into explanation. I think I can remember that Mr. Giles said to me it was cowardly of those people to say these things behind his back—that was in reference to those cases in which a bias appeared in favour of Mr. Tax lor—as reported in the papers. Mr. Giles told me at the time that the reports in the paper were false, and that they were garbled statements of what had really taken place. It was in the middle of July, 1866, that I heard the rumour that Taylor had turned Mr. Giles out of his house. The conversation on this matter occurred at Mr. Robertson's house at a dinner party. Mr. Giles and I were sitting alongside each other, and Mr. Isaacs was sitting to the left of roe. I do not remember that the rumour was denied by Mr. Giles, but he decidedly admitted it. The words he used were, " I am not going to let that d d little scoundrel get the better of me." This was in reference to the agreement ' with Taylor. I am certain that this conversation occurred on that night. Did not spe the agreement. I did state at the time that for the future I must decliue knowing Mr. Giles. I asked Mr. Giles if it was true that Taylor went up to his room and ordered him out, and he said " Yes." . I am very positive that he said j yes. It was at Roberts's llotcl, about a month after this conversation that Mr. Giles called on me and gent'in his card by the waiter. I cannot remember what documents were' produced for my inspection on that occasion. The conversation between us on that occasion' was partly directed to matters already referred to, and partly to a letter from Mr. John Phillips. I do not know whether the letter in question had been made the subject of newspaper criticism. I know at the time there was a strong feeling in the district with regard to Mr. Giles's conduct connected with that letter, and the reading of it in Court, and the sense that Mr. Giles put upon it. It was a letter urging Mr. Giles to do justice in a particular case. I cannot say that I read the original letter. I cannot say whether Mr. Giles showed me the letter; I either saw it or a copy of it. I am not sure whether Mr. Giles did or did not show me the letter at Roberts's. 1 recollect Mr. Giles mentioning during this conversation that he considered it a public duty to make nse of the letter. I do not recollect Mr. Giles telling me that Taylor had already sworn that he had not previously told Mr. Giles to leave his house. 1 do not remember Mr. Giles telling me that if Taylor had behaved improperly he could have sued him for a breach of contract. I don't recollect telling Mr. Giles that he should have done so. I considered that after Mr. Giles had admitted everything, no further explanation could be given. Mr. Phillip's letter had nothing to do with my refnsal to know Mr. Giles. I remember Mr. Alex. Landale coming to my place -and telling me that Mr. Giles had gone on to Moulamein. I never said to Mr. Robert or Mr. Alex. Landale that I was quite willing to be reconciled to Mr. Giles I say that it never oecurred- I was summoned here as a witness, and considered I was bound to come. I cannot say that my feelings are favourable or unfavourable to the defendant. [Dr. Wren observed that he thought it was a pity that such a question had been put, as it served to impugn the veracity of witness.] I believe that the defendant is publisher of the Pastoral Times newspaper. I have not the slightest idea where the defendant got his information from as to these matters. 1 was surprised to see my na e in print in connection with the case. I have never written a letter on the subject. I regularly read the Pastoral Times newspaper. I have seen frequent comments on Mr. Giles's conduct in that newspaper. I do not know whether they could be called attacks; in general they were unfavourable to Mr. Giles. I cannot say if they were unfavourable in every instance. To Mr. De Lissa: I am not quite satisfied that the conversation with Mr. Giles and myself when I asked Mr. Giles if it was true that Taj'lor " Went up to his room and ordered him out of his house." I wish to say that it might have been that Taylor " ordered him out of his house." Mr. Giles here asked the Bench for an expression of opinion as to whether such evidence as that given by Mr. Gwynne was relevant to the charge in the information. Mr. De Lissa objected to the Bench giving any such expression of opinion, and the" Bench deciding in his favour, proposed proceeding with the re-examination of the witness, when Mr. Giles clamorously took an objection to the evidence as being irrelevant, declaring that if " twenty witnesses came to the Court and swore as Mr. Gwynne, they would have to commit — they could do nothing else. " The Bench desired an adjourtimeut, and deferred their answer to Mr. Giles's objection unfil after the adjournment. The Court then adjourned, and on resuming business, Mr. De Lissa replied to Mr. Giles's objection. He contended that the evidence was relevant to the issue. They were entitled to give evidence of the general character which Mr. Giles bears in the district, and to contradict Mr. Giles's statements in cross-examination. The plaintiff had taken the statement in the article complained of "Mr. Peppin is an honourable man; Mr. Giles." &c.;, to impute dishonourable conduct to him. Another statement in the article was, We promise Mr. Giles a pardon for past offences." He submitted that they were entitled to give evidence likely to show dishonourable conduct on the part of Mr. Giles, or that he had been guilty of past offences. Mr. Giles contended that any matters other than those relating to the Exchange Hotel were irrelevant. The Bench, however, ruled that the evidence was admissable, when Mr. Giles desired the Bench to attach a note to the depositions before Mr. Gwynne's evidence, as he then asserted that he had objected to it before it had been given. The Bench, however, were of a different opinion. The note was to this effect— " Mr. Giles here objected to the evidence as being irrelevant to the charge," &c.; .Mr. J. II. Graves, from the Bench, asked Mr. Giles to erase the word " here " from the notice, which he said, was "cleverly inserted, but very indefiinite." Mr. Giles withdrew the offensive word, and the note was attached to the depositions. Francis A. Gwynne, re-called and re-examined by Mr. De Lissa, deposed: I am an entirety disinterested witness in this case. I declined making any statement to Mr. De Lissa as to my evidence before coming into Court this morning; Mr. De Lissa wished to know what I could prove. 1 have not made the defendant acquainted with the evidence. I have no personal feeling against the plaintiff—not the slightest. I never had any personil feeling as to him. The reports in the Pastoral Times I referred to were common police reports. I noticed reports of the same cases in another newspaper. I do not remember noticing any material difference as to the facts reported in each paper. I do not think Mr. Giles, in conversation with me, ever questioned the facts as reported. The " garbled statements " I referred to in my crossexamination had reference to the rumours, and not to the police court reports—I mean the representations that Mr. Giles made as to the statements heing garbled. By the Bench: From the several conversations and explanations of Mr. Giles, and irrespective of anything I have read in any newspaper, I did come to the decision that, as one of the oldest residents and magistrates of the district, it was my duty to sever all private and public associations with Mr. Giles. Mr. Giles desired that the questions and answers of the examination by the Bench should be given. The Bench had no more right to ask leading questions than an advocate had. Dr. Noyes remarked from the Bench that he thought Mr. Giles had no right to dicta'e to them in the manner that he had; and Mr. James H. Graves observed that he had been a magistrate for several years, but had never seen a magistrate, as a party in a case, object to a question from the Bench for the elucidation of evidence. Mr. Giles said he did not object to any part of the question; he only wished to have both question and answer taken down. Mr. De Lissa contended that the depositions throughout had been taken down in answers only, and the Bench could make no exception now. The Bench finally allowed the question to be taken as well as the answer. Another witness was called, when Mr. Giles took objection to his evidence as being irrelevant. Henry Darlot. deposed: I am a squatter living in the Deniliquin district. Have been in the Deniliquin district about seven years, and I am a magistrate of the colouy. I have been engaged in squatting operations in New South Wales and Victoria about thirty years. It has been a matter of common report in the district that Mr. Giles has been connected with John Taylor. [The foregoing was objected to by Mr. Giles, but was overruled.] It has heen generally reported in the district that Mr. Giles had been under obligations to John Taylor for accommodation received at his hotel. I cannot say that I heard he received any gifts from Taylor. From the reports in the papers, it appeared that John '"aylor was before the court two or three times a month, and always got off—there was always a loophole for him to escape, or that he received a very light sentence. Cannot say what other people have done, but I have abstained from going to the Royal Hotel in consequence of Mr. Giles being there. One reason was that I heard as a matter of general report and topic of conversation throughout the district that Mr. Giles was living on John Taylor without paying him anything for his board and lodging. I had no other particular reasons that I know of. I have heard it generally asserted throughout the district that gentlemen avoided the hotel in consequence. I cannot say whether gentlemen have avoided the town in consequence of Mr. Giles being here ; it hag been the subject of general report that gentlemen have avoided the town in consequence of Mr. Giles being here. Cross-examined by Mr. Giles: Do not know how long I have been a magistrate. I have taken a good deal of trou'-'c io ascertain the trath of these reports. I talked the matter over with my neighbours, Mr. Landale, Mr. Peppin, Mr. Gwynne, aud Mr. Dickson. Mr. Giles was never present on these occasions. I never communicated with Mr. Giles on the subject of these rumours. Mr. Gwynne told me'that he had. This was within the last few years. About the time of my conversation with Mr. Gwynne I did not hear anything of a letter written by Mr. Phillips, and I have not seen anything in the Pastoral Times relative to it. nor in any other paper. I think I read something about this letter about the time it occurred. The feeling was in regard to that letter condemnatory of Mr. Giles's conduct, and of commiseration for the part he had taken in it. My feelings were not rendered antagonistic to Mr. Giles in consequence of that letter. I have no personal antagonism to Mr. Giles, I cannot say when I ceased going to the Royal Hotel. It would not be Mr. Giles that would drive me from the Royal Hotel. I am unable to say whether it was before or after the letter. Question: Why did Mr. Giles cause people to avoid the town—did he carry the plague about with him ? Witness: It was something very like it. I cannot tell whether the ohjectionable feeling about gentlemen not coming to the town originated by the reading of Mr. Phillips's letter in Court. Re-examined by Mr, De Lissa: I made inquiries as to the reports alluded to, and the result of these inquiries was sufficient to convince me that they were true. I cannot call to mind that I had conversation with others, whose names I recollect. I had conversations with other magistrates and gentlemen in the district besides those named. When I stated in cross-examination that it would not be Mr. Giles that would drive me from the Royal Hotel—I meant that Mr. Giles would not drive me from it hy personal violence ; but I did abstain from going to the hotel because he was there. By the Bench : Was it in consequence of Mr. Giles's connection with Taylor that the magistrates and gentlemen of the district shunned the town, not wishing to come in contact with Mr. Giles; and was it irrespective of anything connected with Mr. John Phillips or his letter. Answer: It was in my case, and I believe with others to. By Mr. Giles (through the Bench) : I cannot say of my own knowledge whether the rumours of Mr. Giles's connection with Taylor were true or false. By Mr. De Lissa (through the Bench): I have a', strong conviction—there is very little doubt that it is true. By Mr. Giles (through the Bench) : I never spoke to Taylor on the subject, or to any other person in a position to give me reliable information. By the Bench: I have not the slightest'possible animosity to Mr. Giles in any respect whatever. By Mr. Giles (throuirh the Beneh) : I did refuse to speak to Mr. Giles. The occasion was when I was engaged in conversation with Mr. Isaacs in Roberts'sHotel. Mr. Giles on entering the room bowed to Mr. Isaacs and also to me. I did not return the bow. but turned my back upon him. Mr. Giles not only bowed to me, but spoke to me using the ordinary salutation of " How do you do,'' or something of that kind. I am not aware that Mr. Giles has sought my acquaintance. Court then adjourned till eleven o'clock on Thursday. THURSDAY, MAT 26. (Before E. Wren, J. H. Graves, and A. W. F. Noyes, Esqs., J.P.'s.) Giles v. Jones—alleged libel—was resumed. Mr. De Lissa called Inspector Davidson. Before the witness was sworn Mr. Giles handed a protest to the Bench which averred that the Bench had improperly refused to receive evidence sought to (, e elicited bj' the prosecntion, and also protesting against the evidence of Messrs. Gwynne and Darlot, and of all evidence of the same nature which might follow. Mr. De Lissa objected to the Bench receiving the protest; but after prolonged argument thej' agreed to do so, though they disagreed with the terms of the protest, alleging that they had improperly received evidence. James Henry Davidson deposed : I am an Inspector of the" New South Wales Police Force. I have been in the force about seven years and a half. I have been about five years in the Deniliquin district. I am the officer in charge of the police in this district. I heard Taylor tell Mr. Giles one night to leave his house at once or he would starve him out on salt junk Taylor said a good many things, but I cannot remember any other particular words. There was an altercation between Taylor and Giles —there had been two that night. On the second occasion Taylor used abusive and very disrespectful language; he told him to go to bell out of this. Taylor used other terms cf abuse —I cannot recollect the other terms; it was going on for a long time. The altercation was in consequence of some statement made by Mr. Giles to Rasch that Taylor's house was not a quiet place to stop at—that if he wanted a night's rest he had better stop at Roberts's. I did not hear anything said about an agreement on that occasion. Could not say whether the altercation assumed that Mr. Giles was not paying for his board and lodging. There were general reports in the town and district that Mr. Giles was not paying for his accommodation at Taylor's. [This question was objected to by Mr'. Giles, but he was overruled.] There were for a time general reports in the town and district that Mr. Giles was mortgagee of the Exchange Hotel. A Mr. Turner was living in the town here, and who, I heard afterwards spoken of as the mortgagee. Believe Mr. Turner was agent for Cobb and Co., and used to do the agent's business. I cannot say that Turner was alsoinTaylor'semployment. Icanonly speak from belief. At the time the words referred to as used by Taylor to Mr. Giles, Mr. Larnach was within hearing. There were general reports in the town and district that although Mr. Turner was the mortgagee, it was Mr. Giles's money. Mr. Turner was reported to he a brother-inlaw of Mr. Giles. I am acquainted with Mr. Giles's handwriting. 1 have seen him writing, and have had documents in his handwriting, and afterwards spoken with him on the subject of those documents. I am well acquainted with the style and character of his handwriting. [A document was produced by Mr. De Lissa, who proposed asking the witness whether the signature attached there was that of Mr. Giles, a course which Mr. Giles strongly disagreed with. It was an account between Mr. Giles and Perry, and it was contended by Mr. -De Lissa would be evidence of admission on the part of Mr. Giles. Mr. Giles at length admitted the signature voluntarily, and the Bench ruling that the signature could be shown to witness; the document was handed to him.] The signature to the document produced is in the handwriting of Mr. Giles. I believe that to be his signature ; I have no doubt about it. [3flr. De Lissa applied to have this document annexed to the depositions, and was opposed by Mr. Giles. Mr. De Lissa contended that it was admissable ; the document was dated June 13th, 1869. Mr. Giles had sworn that he had no interest in the sale of the equity of redemption of the Exchange Hotel, and this account would show that he had received commission amounting to £21 on that transaction, and that he had received per cent, commission on all amounts paid through him, such as rent, &c.;, amounting in all to a large sum. On these and other grounds, Mr. De Lissa urged that the document was admissable. Mr. Giles argued that it was secondary evidence, and that Perry should have been brought, so that he might have an opportunity, by cross-examining him, of clearing up the matter. Mr.. Giles vehemently asking why Perry was not brought, Mr. Noyes (one of the magistrates) observed that witnesses were not compelled to attend by law on behalf of the defendant. Mr. Giles thereupon accused the Bench of " bolstering" up the case, and Mr. Noyes retorted that he thought Mr. Giles's conduct most impertinent. Mr. Giles then protested against Mr. Noyes remaining on the Bench any longer. In reference to the document. the Bench concluded to admit it as evidence, but before proceeding with the evidence Mr. Graves asked Mr. De Lissa, the defendant's attorney, why it was that Perry had not been produced. Mr. De Lissa stated that Perry was in Victoria carrying on a retail business which he could not leave, and that he had declined to accept the money for his expenses to Deniliquin, although it had been tendered to him. The witness was about to proceed with his evidence, when Mr, Giles again objected to Mr. Noyes remaining on the Bench. Mr. Noyes stated that he declined—he was requested not to leave by his brother magistrates.] I am not on speaking terms—beyond that I have no ill will against Mr. Giles. [Mr. Davidson here expressed his wish to stale that on-the evening of the day on which these proceedings commenced in this case, Taylor volunteered a statement to him at the Post-office ; be said, " Oh, you were there that night; I don't know what I said, I was so bothered."] The following is the bill referred to in Mr. Davidson's evidence: — - Mr. William Perry, oj Tasmania, in account current with James Giles, Esq., Deniliquin. 1868. Dr. Nov. 11. To commission on 2 months' rent, 17/6/8,7j per cent. . . . 1 6 0 13\. Paid Mr. Robertson, solicitor, in settlement of action Towns v Perry, for dishd. accp. of Perry's to Roth endorsed to TTieldham Brothers and by theni to Towns, 24 2 0 Commission on above transaction, HI 2s (24) Guarantee on bill at 4 mo*., accepted by James Giles to liquidate claim made in Towns v Perry, S per cent. 0 1 12 4 1 1 Dec. 7. Commission on 1 mo.'s rent 8/13/4, 74 per cent- Paid G. F. Tupner, Esq., I qr's interest on mortgage for 320/, due 10 Dec., 1868, at 174 per cent Charges on remitting same— exchange 1/6, stamp 7d .. Commission 011 above transaction, 14/, 2£ per cent 10\. Commission OH p. 11. to H. A. Turner, dishd. 55/, 74 p.c. Guarantee on do., 24 Your order in favour of P. Nissen Commission on same, 0 18 0 14 0 0 0 2 1 0 7 0 4 1 3 0 2 7 13 1 6 6 0 11 Paid Mr. Robertson, solicitor, law costs as per acet. furnished, including defendant's costs, 18/10/1, in Towns' action v Perry 30 Commission on above transaction, 24 0 1869. Jan. 6. Commission on 1 mo.'s rent, 8/13/4, 74 percent 0 Feb. 9. Commission on ditto ditto, 74 0 Mch. 7. Commission on ditto ditto, 74 0 Taid G.F.Turner, Esq., 1 qr's interest on mortgage ..i 14 Charges on remitting same —exchge 1/6, stamps 7d ... 0 Commission on above transaction, 24 0 Apl. Commission on I month's rent, 8/13/4,74 0 May. Postage on letter to Lannceston 0 Commission on 1 mo.'s rent, 8/13/4, 7^ 0 June 1. To commission 011 sale of Equity of Redemption of Exchange Hotel, X2S0, 74 per cent 21 4\. Postage on letter to Tasmania 0 Cash paid G.F.Turner, Esq., I qr's interest on mortgage to June Charges on remitting same — exclige 1/6, stampa 7d Commission on above transaction, 14l, 2£ 13\. Pro. note to H. A. Turner, due this day, repaid Commission on above transaction, £5.'), 14 55 Balance .. 207 1868 Oct. 6. Nov. 11 Dec 7. CR. By cash, rent recd.|from De Custer for Oct Do. do. do Nov. Do. do. do. Dec. To proceeds of pro. note for 1869 Jan. 6. Feb. 9. Mar. 7. Apl. - - May — June 1. £ft5 discounted by II. A. Turner, Esq., and due 13th June, 1869. Cash, rent received from De Custer for Jan Do. do. do. Feb. Do. do. do. Mar. Do. do. do. Apl. Do. do. do. Jiay By cash received for purchase of equity of redemption of Exchange Hotel, Deniliquin. 399 6 8 By balance £207 7 10 Mr. Graves, before Mr. Giles commenced his cross-examination of the witness, said he would take the liberty of suggesting to Mr. Giles that he would see that the replies of the witness were taken down by the clerk before putting further questions, so that the irregular proceedings of ye terday might, if possible, be avoided. Mr. Giles became rather irate in consequence, and informed the Bench that he weuld conduct the prosecution as he thought proper—according to law. Cross-examined by Mr. Giles : This altercation occurred about the middle of the year 1866. On that night there was no disturbance at the Royal Hotel previous to this. Taylor first addressed Mr. Giles ; he went up to Mr. Giles's room aud called him out. I was in the lobby at the time ; I cannot say how I came to be there ; my bedroom, the dining- room, and smokingroom were all there. I might have been going into my bedroom, or the smoking-room, or coming out of the supper-room. There was not much drinking going on that night. [Mr. Graves here requested the witness to see that his answers were taken down before lie answered any further questions from Mr. Giles.] I did not hear Mr. Giles on that night tell Taylor that he was keeping a disorderly house, and that he should have to leave it. I heard Mr. Giles tell Taylor previously that he was keeping a disorderly house ; I did not hear Mr. Giles say at that time that he would have to leave his house if the noise continued; I could not say whether Giles told Taylor that he would leave his house on the night of the altercation, because I was not with him all the night. I am quite certain that Taylor did address himself to Mr. Giles. I am not in a position to say whether these rumours originated with the Pastoral Times or not. I don't know who reads the Pastoral Times. I sometimes read the Pastoral Times, but not as a rule. I never expressed my opinion that the attacks in the Pectoral Times were shameful and libellous. I cannot say that I remember attacks from the Pastoral Times upon Mr. Giles about Mr. Phillips's letter: it was a matter in which I took no interest, and I do not recollect that I gave an expression of opinion on the matter ; I have heard it said that Mr. Giles did wrong in the use he made of that letter. There was a strong antagonistic feeling to Mr. Giles, but I don't know that it was in consequence of that letter; I believe it existed before. I am not in a position to state whether those feelings were stirred up by articles appearing in the Pastoral Times. I don't know upon reliable authority that Mr. Giles did not pay for his accommodation at Taylor's; Mr. Giles told me himself that he did pay. I have heard that Taylor has made an affidavit to the effect that Mr. Giles had regularly paid for his accommodation; I have heard this spoken of for the last two years. My knowledge of Taylor is that he would not give much for nothing. I believe there was a rumour once that Taylor had the police magistrate in his fingers, and he would soon have the superintendent of police. It is an official quarrel between Mr. Giles and myself; since then we have not spoken. Question: Since the exchange of letters we have not spoken ? Witness: I don't know, really, what it was; I got something from you, which I sent to Sydney, and I was asked to explain what it meant. I was spoken to this morning as to the evidence I could give in the case. Be- fore that I voluntarily stated that I could swear to all the words made use of by Taylor, and that if Taylor had sworn that he did not use them he told a lie. I made this statement to defendant, I believe on the night of the day on which this case was commenced. I have been served with a subpoena. I came to speak about it to defendant in consequenceof some questions he asked me about Mr. Putnam. I recollect all that occurrcd on the night of the altercation. I have never been on very friendly terms with Mr. Giles; it was his own fault that I was not. The reason was that I brought some letters of introduction to Mr. Giles from persons who knew him, and he asked some very offensive questions about me after I gave him the letters. I was told this, bnt I ain not willing to state by whom; it was not Mr. Larnach ; the gentleman, I believe, is dead; one question was, after receiving these letters, " Who is this fellow, Davidson." For that reason I have never been on intimate terms with Mr. Giles. I never stated how I would have acted if a letter of that sort (Mr. Phillips's letter) bad been sent to me; I do not remember any conversation abont it; I formed an opinion as to the meaning of that letter ; I never saw the letter. I formed an opinion, in a way, in regard to Mr, Giles's conduct respecting that letter; I thought he behaved very foolishly in the matter; I have no recollection of Mr. Giles's condnct being criticised in regard to that letter in the Pastoral Times', I have seen'Mr. Giles read the Pastoral Times, what is more, I have seen him go to the Telegraph-office and borrow it, that he might read it. I remember reading of a criminal prosecution, Giles v. Jones (the publisher of the Pastoral Times) j I did not read the articles complained of in that prosecution, nor the affidavits on either side; as far as I am aware Mr. Jones filed contra affidavits. By the Bench : At the time of the altercation spoken of there was no one in that part of the lobby but myself, and Taylor and Mr. Giles were the only parties in the room—I refer to the smoking-rooin; Mr. Larnach, Mr. Rasch, Mr. Filson, and Mr. Wilkinson, were in the diningroom. Mr. Giles had callcd Mr. Rasch a d d liar—that's why the meeting was. The court then adjourned till 11 o'clock on Friday morning. FBIDAT, MAT 27. Joseph Lewis, free selector, near Deniliquin, deposed: Had conversations with Mr. Giles about some fowls. On the first occasion 1 was going down the street in Deniliquin with Mr. James Taylor, and Mr. Giles called to me from the opposite side of the road ; he asked me whether I had not a quantity of fowls, and if I would not let him have tbem; be told me he would come out and see them. Nothing was said about price on tbis occasion . The same thing occurred twice after that. Nothing was said about the price on either occasion. Did not tell Mr. Giles my terms were cash. The second occasion was a few days afterwards at Deniliquin. The third occasion the same. Mr. Giles never asked me. to sell hitn the fowls. Never offered the fowls for sale to Mr. Giles. Mr. Giles never offered to buy the fowls. I understood that he wanted them. I understood that Mr. Giles wanted me to give him the fowls. The first conversation between Mr. Giles and myself took place within the hearing of James Taylor. Was afterwards brought before Mr. Giles for nsing profane language. The words used were, " By the Holy Ghost"—that was all. Was tiued £5, or three months in gaol. I have never been charged before with using such language. It was not alleged in the case that I bad before been charged with a like offence. I never said anything about the administration of justice. I was never before the Police Court before. Wellwood was tiued at the same time for the same charge. Wellwood wa3 fined £1. A statement was made that Wellwood was before the Bench before. Mr. Giles said that Wellwood was before the Bench about a month previously, and called Wellwood an old sinner. It was merely said that he had been before the Bench. I am a poor man, and had to sell some of my projierty to pay the tine. After the commencement of this prosecution against Mr. Jones, Mr. Giles sent for me by Mr. Kynaston. I saw Mi. Giles in Mr. Broughton's office. It was the day after the commencement of this prosecution. Mr. Giles wanted to know bow it had transpired that Mr. Giles was accused of wanting to get th>- fowls from witness. 1 told him that I did not know how it had transpired, as I had not spoken to defendant for years. I mentioned to Mr. James Taylor that Mr. Giles wanted to get the fowls for nothing, and that Mr. Giles must be a mean man. This was immediately after I left Mr. Giles. Cross-examined by Mr. Giles: The first conversation took place between Simpson's and Rout's. On my oath the word sale was never mentioned. You never asked the price of the fowls, or the par ticular description; the price of 3s a couple was never mentioned. I mentioned having some young turkeys for sale ; you did not ask me the price for them ; I told Mr. Giles that I wanted to get rid of the turkeys, as they strayed and gave me trouble; I did say that I wanted to get rid of the turkeys more particularly than the fowls; but I did not, at the time, say I would sell some of the fowls; I will swear that nothing else occurred 011 the latter occasion ; I did not account for my reason for selling the fowls that feed was scarce; I said so to others; I did not say to Mr. Giles that for scarcity of feed I would like to sell the fowls; I did not say to you that einci* Taylor closed his house i had run short of feed ; I did not say it was too expensive to feed those fowls and turkeys, and that I must get rid of some of tliem, or words to that effect; I never said to Mr. Giles that before Taylor's house was closed I was in the habit of getting food for fowls from the Royal; Mr. Giles never asked me whether I was in a position to sell the fowls and turkeys to Mr. Giles; I never set a price upon either turkeys or fowls ; I remember Mr. Giles asking me where my place was ; you Baid you would probably drive out and look at these fowls; you merely said you would drive out and look at them; I think I did say that if I knew you were coining I would arrange to be there and meet you; you never asked me whether the fowls were mixed up with Taylor's estate; you never mentioned the word " sale " ; you never used such language on the first occHfion of accosting me; I WHS standing at the mil of the Court-house inside when Kynaston called me into see Mr. Giles; the word "transpired" was not mentioned that I know of; I think the word " transpired " was about the language used ; I think that must have been the word—to the best of my knowledge it was so; I have no doubt of it; you did not say to me on that occasion, " how came you to say that I wanted fowls from you for nothing ?" Mr. Giles never said 011 that occasion— "how came you to say thai Mr. Giles wanted the fowls for nothing," nor did he say if I had said so I had told a gross falsehood; nothing of the kind ever occurred ; I have a good memory; I never suffered for want of money; I did say to Mr. Giles that I had never told defendant about the fowls ; I told him I nev. r told lies; that was in answer to to a question how it came out that the subject of the fowls was mentioned on the examination—how you came to wsnt my fowls. [Mr. Giles called Mr. De Lissa a liar, a contemptible creature, &c.; Mr. De Lissa replied.] I did not say to Mr. Giles that I had not made these statements to any one. I did not 6ay the words — " But I know how all this came about-, " I did not say that this arose out of the tine of five pounds inflicted on me ; 1 did not say that all this arose since you did that; I think I said something about the fine—a very few words : I do not remember the woids. I did not use the words that it was unjust and an illegal sentence, or words to that effect; 1 think these might be the words—you have gone to the extreme in fining me £5- nothing further; I never was charged with anything of the like in this district before. I have been twenty-one years in this district; the profane language arose thus— through a quarrel with Wellwood—I was charging Wellwood with inciting bis son-in-law Jones to take away my pony, whereby he was sold in Taylor's estate; I was the aggressor—I stated so to the court —Wsllwood and I had a few words, and he was going to strike me; I do not know that Wellwood's son-in-law was acting then for the official assignee ; I did claim the horse from Jones, and refused to allow him to take the horse ; I never did make an affidavit claiming the horse; Mr. Wright, the detective always allowed the horse was mine. The horse was sold by the local official assignee; I claimed the horse from Mr. Graves, but never by affidavit; nothing was said by the magistrate on the occasion when I was fined of the impropriety of interfering with the officer of the official assignee ; I do not think that my conduct of interfering with the bailiff influenced the magistrate when I was fined. I landed in the colony thirty-six years ago. By trade I am a jeweller, and I used to work with Mr. Cohen, one of the principal jewellers. I was consigned to Mr. Cohen from Hyde- park barracks ; 1 arrived in a prison ship ; all were under a guard of soldiers. _ Re-examined by Mr. De Lissa : I had no altercation with Wellwood's son-ia law, who was acting for the official assignee. I did not in any way resist him in his duty- as bailiff. I was given to understand since Wright went awjiy that he was a detective in Taylor's estate. He allowed that tbe horse I claimed was mine. I was not charged before the court with obstructing the bailiff in the execution of his duty—not a single word was said of my doing so on the hearing of the charge ; the charge was confined solely to my using the profane language to Wellwood; I pleaded guilty to the charge, and admitted at once that I was guilty of the language, and I expressed my regret; I said it was the first time I had been t>efore the Bench, and it never should occur again. I am sixty-eight years of age. The conversation with Mr. Giles in Mr. Broughton's room was cut short by some one coming in ; on that occasion I believe I introduced tbe subject of the fine; I did not understand the question put to me by Mr. Giles in cross-examination whether the word " transpired " was used ; to the best of my belief it was. By the Bench : I state that I never was before Mr. Giles or any one else for these thirty-six years for any offence whatever. It might be a week before I was fined that Mr. Giles asked me for the fowls. On the last occasion Mr. Giles spoke of the fowls -to me he told me that he would endeavour to go out and see the fowls. I never refused Mr. Giles any fowls. James Taylor deposed: Am a bootmaker living at Deniliquin- lived here for about thirteen years. I was walking on one occasion with Joseph Lewis when Mr. Giles spoke to him. We met Mr. Giles on the pathway opposite the lagoon. Mr. Giles was coming up from Iioberts's public-house. Heard him call r, ewis. Lewis went up- Mr. Giles then said, '' You've got a lot of poultry—Will yon give them to me." Or, " Will you let me have them." I think it was, " Will you give them tome?" [ walked on. When Lewis overtook.me he said, " What do you think of that mean man?—he wants my fowls." Cross-examined by Mr. Giles: Am quite certain that Lewis made these remarks to me. I think I said he could do what he liked with his own fowls. Lewis was eight or ten yards distant, I think, when Mr. Giles spoke to him—it might be only six yards. Mr. Giles called out so loud that they might have heard him at Roberts's hotel. The word " sale" was not mentioned—if it had 1]sen said I must have heard it. It might have been said after I passed on. I did not take much notice. Re-examined : Mr. Giles called out londly, " Lewis." The question asked Lewis was quite as loudly asked as Mr. Giles's voice wheu ho called Lewis to him. William Thomas Baker examined: Am Senior- Sergeant of Police for the district of Deniliquin. 1 have been in the force since March, 1862. Came to Deniliquin in April, 1862. Remember a mau j named Joseph Lewis being brought before Mr. j Giles some short time ago. He was charged with ; using profane language. The expression complained ] of was, "By the Holy Ghost." He pleaded guilty, and admitted that he was the aggressor. I think he stated that he had never been before the Bench before. I think he said that this was the first time. I As a rule, when people plead " guilty," they ex- i press contrition. He was fined i'5. A man of the j name of Wellwood was fined on the same occasion j for using obscene language. He had been before the Bench a short time previously for obscene language. The first occasion lie was let off; on the second he was lined 20s. There was a conversation between Wellwood and Lewis, from which it appeared that William Jones, Wellwood's son-inlaw had been employed by the messenger from the Insolvent Court in Taylor's insolvency. Lewis had annoyed Wellwood by saying something about Wm. Jones in the capacity of bailiff—the word informer was used. It; did not appear before the Court that Lewis had beeu obstructed by tbe bailiff in the execution of his duty. It did not appear that Lewis had in any way interfered with the messenger from the Insolvent Court. I dou't recollect anything further than there was a dispute about the pony. I recollect a charge of sheep stealing preferred against John Taylor; the information was laid 011 the 1st of June last year, in the forenoon, about eleven or twelve o'clock. John Taylor was often before Mr. Giles as P.M. ever since Mr. Giles has been here. I have heard rumours in tbe town that Mr. Giles had heen living at Taylor's 0:1 the cheap. 1 cannot say that I have heard rumours of Mr. Giles receiving gifts from Taj'lor. I recollect some talk about a horse from Taylor—the rumour was that Taylor had given it to him—this is the impression 011 my mind. It was a good- looking horse. The only case I recollect now in which the pulice laid] an information against Taylor iii summary jurisdiction was a breach of the Publicans' Act; he was convicted, I believe, by Mr. Gi*es. I recollect another, a second transaction, when Taylor was convicted for selling light bread. The information was laid against Taj'lor for sheep-stealing before Mr. Giles, I heard rumours that one of Mr. Giles's relatives was mortgagee of the Exchange Hotel, and that in consequence of the relationship Mr. Giles was an interested person—I have also heard that Mr. Giles received the rent of the hotel, and that be was agent for Perry, the owner of the hotel. I heard rumours that Mr. Giles's money was lent, although his relation was the mortgagee. From all I know of.lhe matter the impression on my mind is that Mr. Giles was interested in the Exchange Hotel. Cross-examined by Mr. Giles: The horse referred to was a dark hay or brown horse; not a chestnut filly ; I saw you 011 the horse not long ago ; within the last twelve months—perhaps within the last six months. Mr. Wright was sometimes called a bailiff, or detective, or special messenger from the Insolvent Court; I have heard hi;n called a private detective ; I heard about that time that there was seme difficulty in collecting in Taylor's estate; I heard that people set up claims in Taylor's estate, and that tbe insolvent messenger had interfered-- in consequence of that the police at times accompanied him. Mr. Giles and Mr. Peppin committed Tay'or for trial on a charge of sheep-stealing; the Attorney-General subsequently declined to prosecute. Mr. Giles committed Taylor for trial on a charge of stealing a horse, tbe property of one Farrell; I believe the horse in Taylor's case was forfeited ; Taylor was brought up by Sergeant Baker before Mr. Giles, and the Cf.se was dismissed on technical grounds. I read the Pastoral Times ; have done so for the last five years ; Mr. Giles's conduct has been frequently commented 011 in the Pastoral Times in strong language. After your rending the various issues of the Pastoral Times and Riverine Advertiser, in which you have noticed strong comments on me (Giles) did you arrive at an\ conclusion as to the feelings ttiat prompted the publication of these articles ? (Question objected to liy Mr. De Lissa.] I cannot say what feelings prompted the proprietor of the Patsiora Times to write tiiese comments. 1 know that Mr. Giles and Mr. Jones have been 011 unfriendly terms ever since Mr. Giles came here; and I know that defendant (Mr. Jones) is a public journalist, and whether he wrote these comments from his unfriendly feelings towards Mr. Giles, or from what he believed his dutv as a public journalist. I can't tell. By Mr. De Lissa: I cannot say what the unfriendly feelings between complainant.and defendant originated in. Lewis was not charged in any way with interfering in the insolvency ; it did not appear from evidence in Court that Lewis had been in any way interfering with the bailiff or messenger, or that he had tried to prevent the assets of the estate from being collected. Mr. Giles was not living at Taylor's when be was committed for trial. By tbe Beneh : I know the language used by Lewis, and laid the information; these offences are often brought before the Court ; I considered the ruling of the Court in Lewis's case excessive compared with similar cases—but 1 think Lewis made a statement in Court at the time, not likely to cause the Bench to be lenient, that he had provoked the other man to use the bad language, ami was the cause of his being fined. Notwithstanding Lewis's statement the fine was excessive, in my opinion, and that compared with Wellwoud's case it was so. I still think so. James Watson deposed: Am a storekeeper of Deniliquin. I advanced £'2S0 to John Taylor on the 1st June, ISfi'.l, which enabled him to purchase the equity of redemption in the Exchange Hotel; Mr. Giles was present when the cheque was paid. Taylor first asked nie to lend him the money ; Mr. Giles and Taylor came together on the evening of the 1st June, 1869 ; I had a letter of lien as security for the money on the conveyance of the equity of redemption to Taylor ; Mr. Giles wrote out the letter of lien ; Mr. Giles got the chcque—I gave it to liini; I have his receipt for it, signed as attorney for Perry ; I was not aware at the time I advanced the money that there was a charge of sheep-stealing hanging over Taylor; I would not certainly have advanced the money if I had known the charge had been preferred against Taylor; it was sufficiently near to make me feel annoyed at advancing the money. Cross-examined by Mr. Giles: Taylor had previously asked me to advance tbe money to buy the equity of redemption of the Exchange Hotel; I had not promised Taylor to lend him the money ; I entertained the matter—my reason for doing so was because he promised to return it in a week. It was only to lie a temporary accommodation. Mr. Giles wrote the letter of lien. It was quite probable that I asked Mr. Giles to do so. I took two negociable bills from Taylor in part payment. I did not hear you say that unless the money was paid that night it could not be taken at all. Mr. Giles signed bis name as Perry's attorney, as proof that he was acting for him. I believe that I have read the article on which this charge is based in the Riverine Advertiser or in the Pastoral Times (article identified.) I could r.ot swear in each paper. It was in une of defendant's papers. I cannot say whether it was in the Riverine Advertiser—it might have been. I have been 111 the 'habit of reading the Pastortd Times for a number of years. There have been articles written in the Pastoral Times and the Riverine Advertiser as well, to the best of my belief, of which you were the subject. They appeared to be unfavourable—they were in very strong language. (Question objected to by Mr. De Lissa). I cannot be a judge of the feelings of the writer whether he was hostile to Mr. Giles. I know there had been an action against defendant in which Mr. Giles was prosecutor. It was a prosecution for libel. I cannot speak of my own knowledge whether defendant has any ill-feelings towards you. 1 was not so intimate with him as to induce him to confide in me his opinion. To M r. I )e Lissa: I am aware that the previous proceedings in the action Giles v Jones were withdrawn bj Mr. Giles. I believe that Sir William Manning withdrew the case. I know nothing as to costs. Sir William Manning was for Mr. Giles. I have beard, referring to Mr. Giles, as strong language used in general conversation aa was used iu the PaMorat Times. By the Bench: If Mr. Giles had alluded to the charge against Taylor for sheepstealing, on the 1st, June, before Taylor got the money from nie, I should certainly not have lent the money. I consider it a dishonouroble act on the part of Mr. Giles to have come to me knowing that the charge hung over Taylor. I am assuming that he did know it on the evening of the 1st June. I consider it highly dishonourable. I would have been 110 party to such an act. If I had been in Mr. Giles's place I shonld not have acted as he did. The balance, after dnductiug the proceeds of the bills, was £120. ] The case was then adjourned until Monday. MONDAY, MAY 30. Richard De Custer sworn j Am licensee of the Exchange Hotel, Deniliquin. Got transfer of I Perry's license from Ross ou the 1st June, 1868, to ! the best of my recollection. Was previously bar- ! man at the Royal Hotel to Taylor. Went direct j from the bar of the Royal to the Exchange. I came • to the Exchange at first on mv own account for about eight or nine days or a fortnight; after that i carried on for John Taylor; he gave me a salary of ; 40s a week, my previous salary was 30s per week as 1 barman at tbe Royal. Had then a wife and four children. When I first went into the Exchange to j carry it on on my own account, Taylor advanced me 1 money. When I first went a lease was executed i by Perry to myself, and I was then and for a j short time subsequently bona fide landlord of tbe | Exchange. I was waiter at the Royal when Mr. ! Giles was living there. After Mr. Giles left off ' living at the Royal, he was there often in and out of the hotel. I never saw Mr. Giles at the bar of tin: Royal. [ cannot say whether Sir. Giles bad tin- opportunity of seeing me act as barman immediately before I went to the Exchange. L recollect an agreement being made between Perry and myself for the purchase of the equity of redemption. If that agreemeut was dated 10th September, 18G8, it was at the time I was acting as agent for Taylor. The right of purchase was secured to me by the. previous lease in June. It was to purchase tli" equity of redemption for .£280 on mortgage for £320. 1 cannot recollect when I assigned the lease to Taylor. The lease was prepared by Mr. Robertson, solicitor. I did not pay for it. I don't recollect whether the agreement of September, I81I8, was between Mr. Giles as a party. I don't know whether Mr. Giles and 1'erry had entered into any agreement as to this lease with inc. Cross-examined by Mr. Giles : The agreement produced is the agreement entered into bet ween Perry an; myself, dated l()th September, 1SG8, rendering null and void the agreement entered into in the tonne lease. The purchase of the equity of redemption - • this is a further agreement—(the agreement produced marked El. I see the lease now produced dated 1st June, 1868—the former is the iease entered into between Perry and myself for twelve months, and under which 1 held the right of purchase of the Exchange for jEljOO cash, to lie paid on or before the 1st of June, 1S09. On or about tli«j 10th September I believe that Mr. Giles aetc-1 as agent for I'erry or Turner—I did not know which. I cannot swear that I did not receive a notice tb.it Mr. Giles was attorney for Perry or to pay the rent to Mr. Giles. I did not take much notice of the business at the time—my memory is not defective. The business did not concern nie much. I recollect swearing before Mr. Giles that I was the bona fide landlord of the Exchange when I ::ot ti e license. I sec the entry, 3rd .June, lS'iS. showing the transfer of the license now irr.-t.-it- .-J to :»i- i-y Mr. Giles. I swore on oath that I lea-c-1 the prrmises in question, and that I intended to keep the public-house on my own account. I sec the lea"-- produced marked H. John Andrew, general manager of the priming department of the Pastoral Time*. Have been years iu defendant's employ. [Here Mr. Noves joined the Bench.] Every one of the police reports pass through mv hands ere they are printed in tli-s Pastoral Times and Riverine A<lverii.-•",•. Defendant never alters, revises, or corrects tiiese reports ere they are printod. Defendant larelv sees th.-m. Defendant does not take the police -reports as reporter. Defendant has not. to 111 v knowledge, eve;' altered a police report. Have taken a good many of the reports myself, at the Assizes fur instance. Never received anv instructions to report unfavourably to Mr. Giles. I had a conversation \ti:ii Perry about two years ago. before lie left Deniliquin, after he was out of the Exchange. I told Mr. Jones the subject of tnat conversation with Perry. Question put and objected to by Mr. <iiley : Did you afterwards tell Mr. Jones anything of this conversation -with Perry? [Question disallowed bv the Bench, and not answered.) Thomas Hunter, deposed that he was printer and reporter to the Pastoral Times and Rirrrinr Aihvrtiser. I took the police report, in reference to De Custer's licensed public-house, in the liirerun- Advertiser of the iOih April last, the paper in which the article complained of was published. The report is fair, correct, and a substantial report of what occurred. Air Jones did not alter the report in any way before it was printed. Mr. Hunter's evidence completed defendant's case, after which Mr. Giles applied for l-aiv t<> give rebutting evidence, which wan oppo-ed bv ?>! r. 1)6 Lissa, on the grounds that there would l.i' no end to the case, as defendant might insist on c.illini: evidence to " rebut " the testimony of Mr. Giies's new witnesses. Mr. Giles insisted with great vehemence on his right to call this evidence, when the Bench said they were anxious to give Mr. Giles every possible latitude within reason to prove his case—they had already done so for five days, but there must lie a limit. What evidene could Mr. Giles produce.? Any valid testimony against the principal and essential points proved by defend-i:i' ? Mr. Giles must make this clear. Mr. Giles greatly excited, insisted upon an adjournment—lie bad witnesses in Sydney, who would be in Deniliquin in a few days, alluding to Mr. Robertson, his solicitor, and .John Taylor, upon which the Bench remarked that upon such .111 application, supported by mere vague statements, the liencli could not cmsent to an adjournment. Had Mr. Giles any witu'.s-;cs in attendance ?—if he had, the Bunch would still listen to them, if the evidence was important. .Mr. Giles then called— James Kynaston deposed : 1 was in the Courtwhile Lewis gave his evidence. Mr. Gilc* eaid that's the man (Lewis) who s.tid I wanted to get fowls from him for nothing. [After bearing Kynaston the Bench decided the evidence was not material.] Mr. Noyes withdrew from the R--ncli, saying that he would no longer be insulted. He was sent for, and returned. The Bench refused to accept any more evidence of this kind, which they deemed frivolous and :ct worth recording. Mr. Giles again, in loud ami aud angry t- row, applied for an adjournment, wbieli the I!en;.-b de. clined to grant, and after Air. (iiles had denounced the Bench, he left the Court in a state of great excitement, passed rapidly into his own room, seiz. his hat, and rushing through the clerk's room, escaped into the street, when he walked up tile town to his inn. Mr. De Lissa then rose to address the B-neb 0:1 the general case—he first referred to th- meaning of a libel. Mr. Giles had, in the emus • of the proceedings hefore the Bench, so acted if the defendant was called upon to justify tbe article ja;d to be libellous. This was not the qu stion for their consideration, which was iu effect—had the defendant written of and concerning the complainant. Mr. Giles a false, wicked, and malicious libel—if he ha 1 done so it was undoubtedly tbe business i f tl.e Bench to send the case for trial to a higher court. If the article was not. 111 their opit ion, " fais-., wicked, and malicious" in the way that the lawviewed the term; if defendant h.id not exct-ede I the fair bounds of criticism, then it w;.s clear be onght not to be put to the expense ar.d annoyance of further defei.ding the action. There was a v:i»t difference between a libel or what was alleged to i c so, oil a private individual, or even an honorary magistrate, than on a public official paid for his services. and sworn to do his duty u;;on the judgment seat. The law made this distinction, and wisely too, bjcause unless it threw its shiel d over the man who tried to do his duty—and did it gratuitously— we should have very few honorary magistrates. The stipendiary magistrate was supposed to know his duty well—he ought to be correct in his conduct, public and private, and he should dispense the law, at all events, in a manner faithful and just. A publication 011 a paid magistrate must be a very grosa libel indeed to entitle such a person to the protection of the criminal law. What was it that Mr. Giles asked for? He ask-.-d. with such a case, the Crown to put forth the powers of its law officers Against the defendant, who is a private citizen. The idea was monstrous, and ought n -t to be tolerated. The Crown law officers were invariably men distinguished by their great 'legal attainments, and the Government was asked by Mr. Giles to use this powerful engine to crush the defendant, who had done his best to call public attention to the misconduct of one of the paid administrators of justice, whose public acts were public property, and who had, in the witness-hox. challenged and courted the inquiry. The acts of juries were daily subjects of fair criticism, and even tbe acts of the highest judges of the land were open to it—110 one was exempt from this in his public sphere ; and all public men who meant to do their duty to the best of their ability challenged criticism—it was a wholesome check upon venalin and gross incompetency—if it were not for this check venality and gross incompetency would smlk through the land. Mr. Giles must have lost >iglii of these circumstances ere he commenced these proceedings, in which, before that Court, be had exhited the greatest prejudice. The mere statement of facts to ihe prejudice of a magi-trate was in itself 1 libel, and unless it could be proved to be for the public good, the writer of the statement would be amenable to tbe law of libel. Comments were not absolutely necessary to constitute words libele IH. If Mr. Giles by his acts bad so shown himself to the public gi ze as to make him hateful to the public eye, it was not tile defendant's fault to say so. bnt Mr. Giles's for putting himself in such a faU-p portion. If Mr. Giles had only made a mistake in ad- ministering justice, and defendant had spoken < f complainant in very strong language; nay. if it « er - libellous, it must lie a very gross libe! "indeed 1:1,1 could claim for Mr. Giles,"or any other trail acting under like circumstances, the strong power and protection of the Crown against a private individual. Abuse and corruption, if not exposed, would so grow as to become hideous—deeds of darkness would multiply, and society itseif would cventnallv be dissolved, especially in these inland dis'iier"--. so far away from the heads of Government. We read every day in the best journals of these colonies - articles much stronger than the article complain- .1 of hy Mr. Giles. The article might he severe - very severe—cutting—ironical, to a degree, but did not : the circumstances warrant it ? Still, it was not libellous, for there was an ahsf-nce of malice. There were extant, very dangerous definitions of the word "libel "—according to the views of mauv, everything exceeding the ordinary pbrasr-s of tlie day if published in a newspaper was libellous-.'Mi was a most dangerous doctrine, and tended to impair the usefulness of the organs of public iutrl.j. gence, and they would, if the principle was carried out be of very little service. A man ought not to find fault with a pen a, <! ink picture of himself after he had made himself contemptible iu tiie public eve. Continued on pajf 2. (Signed) JAMES GILES. DENILiatriN POLICE COURT. Giles v. Jones, continued from page 4. Mr l)e Lissa then gave from Roscoe .fenirthy definitions oft.be meaning of the offence of libel in which it was shown that malice is essential. There niu-it ho malice on the face of the article in order that a prima facie case might, he made out. Defendant was entitled to show without setting up the plea of justification, that there was an absence of malice on his part which exempted the article complained of from the consequences of the law of libel —the article was nothing more than a fair comment upon a public man paid for bis public duties. If defendant bad merely stated the facts without comment—if they were to the complainant's prejudice, and tended to bring him into hatred and CUII tempt, defendant was, as stated, within the law of libel technically speaking. He could then seek refuse in the plea that the article was written of and concerning the complainant, and for the public good. The learned advocate then reviewed the information contidniMji the alleged lihellous wonts, wbicli be maintained must be taken in their ordinary sense, and no special meanii g should be attached to them. It was no libel to say that Mr. Giles was the bona jide mortjrajree of the Exchange Hotel, even if it were not true—it was no libel because Mr Giles had so acted as to impress upon thepuhlic mind that lie was so—this had been proved overwhelmingly in evidence before the Bench—the general impression on the public mind of the town ami district was that Mr Giles reaped benefits from the mortgage. Had ho not done so? It was proved in evidence hv himself that he had—he swore that he had not directly or indirectly any interest in th : s mortsfaae —was this true? Certainly not, becnuse bis own account, signed by himself, proved that he had charged, and was paid £'21 for the sale of the equity of redemption of the mortgage, and where was the difference between receiving pecuniary benefits from the equity of redemption of tile mortgage, and and from the mortgage itself? Had be not received commission for collecting the rent of this hotel, and paying the money over to I'errv. the owner of the property, and to Turner, the alleged mortgagee? Yet Mr Giles swore that.be bad no interest in the mortgage—direct or indirect. Further on. and as the evidence was unfolded, after Mr Giles had sworn it was Mr G. K. Turner's money, Mr Turner himself stepped into the witness-box, and swore that the money was not his, but his mother and sisters. Here we have another change in this local drama. Mr. Giles here becomes so mixed up with the mortgage by his family connection, that he had direct and indirect interest in the mortgage, whether he was or was not the bona fide mortgagee. He could not escape from this dilemma. The article also stated that De Custer was a dummy, and I)e Custer himself had proved th it he was only a dummy—he was landlord for ten days or a fortnight under a feigned lease to him, through which lie secured his license, after obtaining which he returned the lease to Taylor, not having p.lid anything for preparing it. De Custer being nothing but a dummy, Mr. De Lissa showed that the Licensing Act did not prohibit one man holding several licenses, hut it was the business of the licensing Bench to prevent if there was a prospect of the licensed publican's law being thus abused. The general belief, according to evidence given, was that the mortgage of the Exchange was in the name of another Turner, a brother-in-law.to Mr. Giles—n. Mr. Turner, clerk or agent to the well known firm of Cobb and Co. These clerks got .'.'2, or at most i'.'l, per week, and were not in a position to lend money on mortgage. Eventually it turns out that the Turner, the alleged mortgagee, was living 700 miles away—he had never seen Perry, the mortgagor, or tile property to be mortgaged—the Turner knew so little about the mortgage, thathe relied, so he swore, on Mr. Robertson, solicitor, of Duniliqnin. The statement, therefore, if it were not true that Mr. Giles was in fact the mortgagee, was no libel. If the latter, by his own acts, led the public to believe that he was the mortgagee, the blame lay with himself for so acting, ami not oil the journalist who fairly represented public opinion on the point under consideration. Mr. Giles's acts condemned hiui on this point. Supposing Mr. Giles had lost this money—that is, supposing the money belonged to his wife's family \- would not the latter hold Mr. Giles responsible for this loss ? Did not this create in Mr. Giles an interest in this mortgage ? Was not the 174 per cent, interest also proof that he had an interest in in the mortgage? Could anv correct man, mindful of his oath, have sworn as did Mr. Giles ? At this time when intemperance was stalking through the land, and making rapid strides through these young communities, while the foremost minds iu these colonies were'devoting their best energies to moderate it, if they could not crush it—was this the time for one holding her Majesty's commission of the peace and paid for administering the law, to go and traffic in public-houses kept by "dummies ?" Could these dummies legitimately secure money enough to meet these extortionate charges in Mr. Giles's little bill? 174 p-r cent f»r interest, 74 per cent., and 24 per cent for other charges—without having recourse to the principle of what was known as "lambing down." and "hocussing," aud such like practices? And was the defendant, as a public journalist, publishing his journals in the very town where these things were going on, to stand by with arms folded —tongue and pen to remain quiet ? Would he be doing his duty iu not saying anything ? Would he be exceeding his duty if he had reproached 11 r. Giles in language ten times as sarcastic or as severe as was dealt forth in the offending article? The article was holding the mirror up to nature. Mr Giles had the most interest in the hotel, as his account proved—he now aimed at high game. The committal of defendant without any regard to his social position—he was to be put upon his trial for a misdemeanour, to stand on the floor of the court by courtesy—because Mr..Giles had acted as he had sworn he had. and because defendant told the public so in a caustic article !! Mr Giles says he is accused of " hanky pankeying"—a term synonymous with "shillyshally," or such like other phrases. Supposing defendant had said so of Mr Giles, what did it amount to? Nothing libellous. Mr Giles swears it means something dishonourable, but were his acts honourable as a magistrate ? Is not hankey -pankey an every day phrase 1 If a young man runs after a young girl and makes himself ridiculous, perhaps contemptible, the object of public sport—it is often called "hankey pankeying"—it is used every day, and is never accepted as libellous. In the article the term may be applied to Mr Taylor as well as Mr. Giles—it does not specifically apply to the latter, hut he will have that it is so to bolster tip bis case. Then again, we find Mr Giles going to Mr Watson on the 1st June, 1SG9, in company with John Taylor in order to raise money for the payment of the purchase money for the equity of redemption of the Exchange. Now note this- -on this lirst of June an information was sworn by Sergeant Raker against Taylor, before Mr Giles, charging Taylor with sheep stealing!! Was this the act of a magistrate who would call upon the Crown to protect him from what he calls the defendant's "libels?" Note further the fact that this magistrate got from Sir Watson, through Taylor, on that day £280 for this equity of redemption —making the property worth £600, if we add the £320 lent on tlie premises, which Mr Giles in his examination swore that in bis opinion were not worth £400 ? Did this entitle him to the protection of the Crown law officers through the means of their Worships the sitting magistrates ? The evidence wholly fails Mr Giles iu every particular. Is not the article justified by his own conduct all throughout these transactions ? Then again, he received gifts from Taylor, though at first Mr Giles swore that he had not—but what of the handsome clock ? Why Mrs Taylor gave it to Mrs Giles ! ! Was not that a gift to Mr Giles ? Was Taylor likely to use such language as he applied to Mr Giles to any gentleman stopping at the Royal Hotel who paid pro[>erly for what he got there? Rem emher that the language is proved beyond a doubt,- though denied on oath bv Mr Giles! Would Tay- j threaten his guest with "(fialt junk " if he paid pro- perly for his board and lodging ? Would Taylor threaten to turn out a gentlemen living at the hotel and paying properly for the accommodation ? Nn ! Taylor would not use that language if the person so accosted was not under some deep obligation to the landlord ! ! Mr Giles said he lent Taylor £120, making this as an excuse for accepting gifts from him ! Could the Bench doubt Mr Giles's de.pendent position after what they had heard ? Then again. Look at Lewis's evidence about the fowls ! ! Did the Bench doubt the evidence of the old man sixtyeight years of age, who had lived nearly the time allotted for man to live? Did he j give his evidence like a perjurer? Is not j thirty-six years good character worlh something? Is it nothing to rely upon, though the possessor once before that time rendered himself amenable to the criminal law. " Twenty-one years in the district," said the old man, '-and I never was before the Bench, before I was brought before Mr. Giles for using blasphemous language"—is this man not to be lielieved ? Could the Bench tind fault with defendant for doing his dnty, as he did, with these facts before him ? Mr. De Lissa here quoted from the article—" It cannot, be supposed," &c.; This was a most extraordinary expression of Mr. Giles's —why was he desirous of coupling his name as a magistrate with Mr. Peppin's? Was not the journalist doing his duty ill severing the positions of the honourable and honor-try magistrate from the paid magistrate, who so disgraced himself. When a lad v I proclaims her virtue to the world we suspect it immediately—and when a magistrate ostentatiously parades bis honesty, as did Mr. Giles, were we not jnstilied in treating it as wo ; do the lady's virtue? Then Mr. Giles accuses Mr. Gwynne and Mr. Darlot of bias—Could the Bench not believe .Mr. Gwynne or Mr. Darlot ? And lii -In The man that is stuli^'to death by the adder's fan. Although he may have the crawler crushed, l-\\-els n • resentment—for 'lis the Wel'lu's uuture : And snine men are worms in siiul. .More than the living reptiles of the tomb. to Is it malice on the part of the journalist to gr the world the same character of Mr. Giles as did Mr. Gwynne aud Mr. Darlot ? They told the Bench that Mr. Giles's conduct was the taik in town and country ! Dili defendant overstate the faets ? ll no\ then where is the malice required in libel cases ? —he repeated there must be malice to sustain the charge ! Defendant was justified in exonerating Mr l'eppin—the comparison was justiiiablc, because the facts were sworn to, to justify the comparison, by evidence that could not lu controverted. Tile Bench must be thoroughly satislied oil this part of the question—there must be malice on the face of the article, but there was none. A criminal prosecution was not the way to justify character—a civil action was the only legitimate mode of doing so. Mr De Lissa repeated that gentlemen discharging the onerous duty, such as fell to defendant, ought not to lie subj-ict to such charges as these, where the public interests are concerned. Deniliquin and the district would gain by this inquiry—Mr Giles courted it, at first, then fought against it. He (the learned advocate) had on his own re-po;i-ibility proposed iu the early part of the proceedings that a compromise should be effected —that on Mr (iiles denying Oil oath that he had no interest, direct or indirect, in the mortgage, defendant should state that he had been misinformed, but he (the learned advocate) now felt that it was fortunate for the interests of the town and district that the case did not end there. Defendant did not wish it to end there, satisfied with the facte as they had been prcsente I to him, and were now | roved to be correct. To commit defendant for trial on this charge, after such evidence was given, would be to place every man in the district, even the most respected person here, at the mercy of any scoundrel who might swear to an information that he was libelled. This principle could not be defended, and the Bench would be committing a grave error in sending t.lie case to the learned Attorney-General, in order that be might exercise his discretion as to filing a bill—it was a dangerous precedent, especially as their worships hail a far better opportunity of judging of the merits of the case than would the grand juror of the country. Magistrates generally looked to the Press for protection and assistance, which were invariably given. In this particular cise the magistrates were capable of judging for themselves, and he left the matter with contidence in their hands, and was satisfied that they would do th.-ir dutv fairly and impartially. After the learned advocate's speech, which was delivered with great force and clearness, and which lasted an hour and ten minutes, the magistrates retired to consider the case in tlie Police Magistrate's room. After deliberating for three-quarters of an hour, they returned, and the Chairman, Dr. Wren, stated- -"The Bench, after a careful hearing of live days, and after having given the case a most patient hearing, dismiss it, on the ground that there is no prima facie case established." The d-ciston. given about 8 p.m., was met by the spectators .with demonstrations of applause, which were soon cheeked, and defendant, with his friends, left the court. TUESDAY, MAV 31. ("Before the P.M.I James M'Ke'J was charged, at the instance of Mr. George Elliott, with further embezzling certain monies, his ("Mr. Elliott's) property, viz., t'G ;"is, -!_'."> 12s, and i'f) Is. After some evidence had been adduced the matter was adjourned until the following day at eleven o'clock, the accused being admitted to bail. WEDNESDAY. JUNE 1. James 'K- ij. remanded from t'oc previous day, charged with embezzlement, again appeared b.-fura the Court, and after the several witnesses bad been examined and cross-examined, tlie accused was committed for trial, bail allowed. Mr. Jeff-.-ry appealed as attorney for the accused. 