A STRANGE STORY. Another proof of the old adage "murder will out" is given by the Trenton Sentinel It is forty years ago, or more since the dead body of a stranger was found in the woods, near the Stony brook bridge, about one mile to the east of Pennington, a village in New Jersey county. We were a child then, residing near said village, and remember the circumstance well. It was an incident to make an impression in a quiet rural neighborhood. Years later, when we boys used to go in to swim in that locality, more or less fears were always excited by reference to the circumstances, for boyhood, as well as ago, is superstitious. Nobody believes in ghosts, and almost everybody is afraid of them. The body was found in a sitting posture against a beech tree. The face distorted, the eyes pro- truding, as though the dead man had died in agony'. His hat lay a few feet from him. His dress betokened one in comfortable circumstances. He was a stranger, and no one over remembered to have soon him. There was no money upon the corpse. The body', without special examination, was buried, we forgot where. There were no wounds upon it, and no evidence of violence. At that day, public scrutiny was not so acute in reference to the mysterious flood, and no verdict of supposed murder was recorded. And now comes the strange elucidation of the case. A few days since accident placed in our hands a copy of the Manchester (England) Examiner. in the number we found the dying confession of a man named Daniel Hulsoman, acknowledging to a murder perpetrated forty years ago, in the state of New Jersey, United States of America. The murdered man's name was James Eborhnrt. The murderer was acquainted with his victim in the old country, and came out about one year before him. Ilulsoiiiun was a dinner, and worked in New York. When Eborhnrt came out he sought out his old acquaintance. He had about £200 in money'. On pretence of examining the country and purchasing land, Hulsoman started with Eborhnrt on a tour through New Jersey'. He had with him a flask of poisoned brandy, as he resolved to murder his friend for the money he had. They first stopped at Princeton, and thou concluded to walk across the intervening nine miles to Pennington, the weather being pleasant, and public travel being greatly circumscribed. When within a mile of the latter place they stopped over into the woods, under a trot; to partake of some victuals they had procured before starting. Hulsman there passed his flask to his companion, who drank liberally, and died within an hour thereafter in fearful agony, housemaid looked on all the while. He then robbed him of his money, and got him up against the tree, as before described. There are still old man about Princeton who will remember this event. It seems almost marvellous that after the lapse of forty years this office should have come to light by a death bed confession, three thousand miles from, the place of commission. And yet it is even so. A young man, " illiterate but polite," on being invited to attend a wedding, sent a note in response, saying, "I regret that circumstances repugnant to the acquiesce will prevent my acceptance of, the invite, " 