ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. TO TUX EDITO]! OF TUE EXAM TN CO. Sut,-I cannot Imagino why "Mr. 3. 0. LAYCOCK or AS 001.1.1 -what a curium anti miggcstlre name to glvo his lll.AU iinortors 1-should In hi» lotter of last week, addressed to tho Examiner which wo take In regularly hero, have invokud »IE In connection with Clarence Uiver politics : especially now, when I om so fully occupied with tho Beecher Sttme cutitrovorsy ; unless lt bo in tho hopo of my volunteering to give some exposition ol that most enigmatical document that will bo Intelligible to ordinary mortals. But, ns bo has invoked me, I sh ill endeavour to play jEdlpus to his Sphinx, and solvo his riddle. In ny opinion "Mr. LAYCOCK a "lotter Is written in humble Imitation of his favourite Petrarch's " camonl"- halt ode. half elegy the former extolling Inferentially, if not directly, his own Herculean labours whilst member for your district : tho Intter mourning for*lila loBt lovo-soinationnl honours-liko Petrarch ¡for his lost Laurn ; thoro being an equally Insuperable barrier ?between each and the object of his otroctlons ; and, to moho tho 1 parallel completo PETRAUCII LAYCOCK, lr I may so call bim, retires to ma A'aucluao, and Uko lils groat iirototpyo sends forth from thenco his tender lays of love and lamentation to the world. Whether, lils brow ls like bis prototype s encircled with laurel, his modesty bas prevented bim from revealing. Such ls my exposition of tho .' PBTIIAIIOIMIIIII-LAYCOOK riddle, but some of our moro experienced political ghosts-I always detested Iiolltlcs- otror a dureront Interpretation of it, and BUggost that It ls written not In eulogy of Mr. LAYCOOK'S own political caraor, butas a pasquinade on your newly olected memoor. Surely "Mr. LAYCOOK " has too much goncroalty to prejudge a gentleman who la, If 1 am correctly Informed, os yet untried in tho political orono, but whoso antecedents outaldo the House have established for him ibo highest character for ability »nd : Integrity-two rather important and, now-a-doyB, scarce elcraonts in th» character of aTll.L.A., «nd oven if your now member were a "dudor," surely.that fact .alone ought to ensure mm ., the warmest sympathies K)1 Mr. J. C. LAYCOOK. ^ I im, Slr, yours, &o.;, ' " THE SHADE OF BYKON. , Hades, Dccombor 31st, 1809. 