NEWS AND NOTES. The hon. the Minister of Lands, the hon. the Minis ter of Railways, and the hon. the Minister of Works arrived at Ballarat by the last train on Thursday. A deputation is to be received at the George hotel this morning on the subject of the cutting of timber, as also other matters; and afterwards Ministers are to go to the forest and inspect the dams. The Minister of Miues was expected to visit Ballarat with his col leagues, but has been detained by public business in Melbourne. The Herald oi Thursday evening says—“ The Post office Department has been taken charge of by the hon. the Commissioner of Customs. Mr Cohen entered upon the official duties of the department this morn ing.” The long-continued absence of amusements in Bal larat will be most pleasingly broken this evening. At the Theatre Royal, which has been most rigorously cleaned and prepared for the purpose, Mr W. M. Akhurst will take his farewell benefit, resolving to pay a visit to England by the out-going voyage of the Kent. Mr Akhurst is a veteran press man in South Australia and Victoria, and in the latter colony has distinguished himself as an original writer for the stage. It is needless in the present instance, to recapitulate all his services in the way of pantomimes and burlesques. Though Mr Akhurst is not much personally known in Ballarat, his sparkling works are, and frequenters of the Alfred Hall and Theatre Royal cannot have forgot the de-~ lights received from hearing and seeing “The Siege of Troy” and “King Arthur.” In Melbourne, his numerous productions have, as a matter of course had their chiefest run and popularity, but sufficient is known of Mr Akhurst in Ballarat to induce the public to support well his benefit. Apart from the merits of the man, the entertainment at the Theatre Royal this night will be of a character to ensure a large attend dauce in supplement to the exertions of amateur and professional friends on his behalf. The overture to ■ “ Tancredi ” will be performed by the band of the Ist B.V.R. This will be followed by the Ghost Scene in “Hamlet,” supported by Ballarat amateurs. Then will follow the first act of “ The Octoroon;” operatic airs by Miss Amelia Bailey; the first act of “ The Heir at Law;” and the' whole of the comedy, “ Time Tries All.” _ As we have stated, the dramatic portion of the business will be supported by the amateurs of Ballarat, assisted by Misses Eloise Juno and Fiances Bentley, and Mrs Wooldridge. Besides the band of the 8.V.R., the orchestra will be enlarged and placed under the direction of Mr T. King. We scarcely need add a word of recommendation to so excellent a programme, or of reminder to the public that the entertainment will be eminently worthy their patron age. Mr Akhurst is well deserving of a benefit, and we believe he will receive an emphatic one. The successful holders of tickets in Mr Biyant’s Art Union were as follow':— No. 18, Mr Irwin; No. 5, Mr Robert Jones; No. 4, Mr Streeter; No. l’, Mr Crombie. The above gentlemen have the right of selection in rotation. An extraordinary phenomenon, says the Talbot Leader, was observed about a quarter past one on Sunday afternoon last. A lady and gentleman were travelling towards Avoca and were looking towards the sun to perceive the star, which may be observed there now at noon. The star was apparently dis covered, and while it was being watched it suddenly fell towards the horizon, and disappeared like a meteor which it must have been. ’ The ordinary monthly meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Pastoral and Agricultural Society will be held on Saturday, sth February, at Craig’s Royal hotel, Ballarat, at eleven a.m. Business—The ap pointment of judges and stewards for the ensuing Grand National Grain Show, and other business con nected with this exhibition. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Ballarat East Public Library will be held, in the library, at eight o’clock this evening. The business is to receive the annual report and balance-sheet; to elect four members of committee vice the four who retire, but are eligible for re-election; to consider notices of motion for opening the institution on Sundays, and changing its name. There were six prisoners before the District Court yesterday, changed with assault with intent to do grievous bodily harm. William Jones, Michael O’Don nell, and Maurice Condon, charged with violently assaulting John M’Kensh on the 1st instant, were re manded for a week, as the prosecutor had been so severely handled as to be unable to appear. Henry Atkins, Mary Arthur, and Mary King, charged with violently assaulting David and Agnes Christie were remanded until Tuesday next. The case, Crowther v Dyte, began in the County Court on Thursday, appears likely to afford some instructive information to the general public. As the case is pending, we forbear further reference to it at present. We learn from the Tarrengower Times that Tamlyn, the engine-driver at the Union Company’s works, has been committed by the coroner for manslaughter in the matter of the death of the four miners, John W. Richards, Charles Cornish, Thomas Cocking, and Thomas Wilson, on 28th January. It appears that Tamlyn was a carpenter, but had been acting as engine-driver for some twelve months. Six men were lowered with the break, as, he says, the engine got out of gear; but a skilled witness, named Isaac Irving, an engineer, deposed to the effect that the machinery should not have got out of gear with proper handling. The four men killed were buried after the inquest, and the procession was three-quarters of a mile long. The Rev. Mr Albiston, Wesleyan minister, late of Ballarat, officiated on the occasion. The fees for publican’s licenses issued within the borough of Sebastopol, during the month of January, amounted to £1000. The Sebastopol Volunteer Fire Brigade is about to purchase an allotment of.ground adjoining the Town hall reserve. An application was made by the secre tary of the brigade some days ago for the use of some fifteen feet of the Town-hall reserve for the purpose of drying the hoses. The brigade also offered to make the works committee, declined to become trustees, and refused to accede to the request for the use of a por- tion of the Town-hall reserve. The inhabitants of Cobblers are making a stir to have the water mains extended to their district, and the Sebastopol Borough Council will support them in their application to the Water-Supply Committee., In a memorial presented to the Sebastopol Borough Council on Thursday, it was stated that the want of, water had a serious effect on the public health, and caused property in the neighborhood to depreciate in value, while it was also difficult to get insurances effected on properties there. The memorial had been signed by three hundred persons. A deputation twenty strong was to have waited upon the council, but fortunately they mistook the time, and Councillor Dickinson explained the whole matter very clearly. The annual inspection of the Ballarat District Orphan Asylum by the president and members' of the committee of management took place yesterday. A report will be presented at the ordinary monthly meeting of the committee of management, to be held on Tuesday next. Last night’s Herald says:—“ It is stated in ecclesias tical circles, on high authority, that the successor of the Rev. Rowland Hayward, at Kew, is to be the Rev. G. O. Vance, at present officiating in Richmond. Mr Vance has for the last eighteen months or so been locum tenens for the Rev. C. T. Perks, now in England, but who is expected to return to his incumbency by next June. The Hamilton Spectator states that “during the night of the 1st February, the whole of the farmers’ commons at Croxton, Karabeal, Byaduk, Warrabkook, Bealanbarry, Mount Rouse, and other places, were all pegged out. Those acquainted with the proceed ings at a diggings rush will understand what we mean. No sooner is a lead struck than swarms of people who have no intention of becoming storekeepers, mark out ‘ business sites.’ These they sell to the first comer, and it must be a poor rush indeed, where the early occupant of a business site cannot manage to remune rate himself for his trouble and preliminary outlay. The buyer of the site is the individual who qualifies himself with the State to hold the ground, and it is often worth while for the ‘ pegger-out’ even to erect a building, and thus make a sham of bona fides, in order to assure his title.” The Spectator hopes there will not be many dummies, but holds that no Land Act can prevent dummyism. In the District Police-court yesterday morning, a Mrs Dempster summoned her husband for mainten ance. It appeared that the plaintiff and defendant had been married for some years,—the plaintiffs character having been somewhat shady before she entered into the bonds of wedlock. After her marriage, her habits ruined her husband’s business and they separated. She soon after sued him in the Melbourne Police court for maintenance. An order for 25s per week was made, and at the expiration of that order she sum moned her husband again, but the evidence brought forward by her husband on that occasion caused the magistrate to refuse to make any order. Some time after this she again tried her fortune in the police court against her husband’s pocket, but with no bet ter success. On Thursday she summoned him for the third time, and the magistrates dismissed the case, as her husband was an invalid and in reduced circum stances, and as her conduct during the time she had been separated from him was proved to have been anything but that of a faithful wife. After the case had been dismissed, she proceeded to the house of her husband’s sister in Pleasant street, and left her youngest child, an infant six months old, in the hall. A.warrant was at once taken out for her arrest on a charge of child desertion, and Constable Murphy ap prehended her shortly afterwards in a cab in Ballarat East. She was admitted to bail during the evening by Dr Butler, J.P.; a Mr Allen, one of the witnesses for the defendant in the police-court, becoming surety for her appearance at the District Court on Sa turday. A serious accident happened at the claim of the Leviathan Company, Napoleon, on Thursday morning. A miner named Michael Madden was standing on the plat while the cage was descending, and, while crossing the shaft, the cage came down and cut off the ends of three of the toes on his right foot. He was removed to the district hospital, where his wounds were dressed by Dr. Owen. Ah Quong, an old Chinese thief, who has been several times convicted, was arrested yesterday by Senior-constable Mansfield, on a charge of stealing a quantity of clothing, valued at £5. No owner has yet been found for the property. Humbledon Hughes, a miner employed in the claim of the Rosser’s Freehold Company, Springs, Bungaree, had his hip dislocated by a fall of earth in one of the drives on Thursday. He was engaged in putting in a prop when a large mass of earth fell, upon him from the side of the drive. At the Smythesdale Police-court on Thursday, be fore Mr John Keith, J.P., Henry Noell was charged with having been drunk and disorderly at Scarsdale on the previous day, and was fined 10s, in default twelve hours’ imprisonment. Maria Chenhall was also charged with a like offence, and was fined 10s in default twelve hours’ imprisonment. Four children belonging to the unfortunate woman were brought up under the Neglected Children’s Statute, but were discharged, the mother having paid the fine in her own case and been discharged. The ship Lady Jocelyn, with free and assisted im migrants on board, was inspected on Wednesday by the board, consisting of Mr Moody, Drs M'Lean and M'Crea, Mr Mason, M.P., and Mr Gossett. Says the Telegraph of Thursday:—“ The married couples, in whose berth only the scarlatina made itself apparent have been left at the quarantine ground, but the sin gle men and women are to be landed, and sent up to the depot this morning. All those passed appeared in excellent health, and all expressed themselves highly satisfied with the treatment they had received on board. The single women especially are one of the best batches yet sent out, but from all we can learn most of them have been sent for by their friends, so that not many will be available for the labor market. The medical officer reports that the cases of scarlatina are very slight, and that those immigrants left at the quarantine ground Will be able to come up in a few days.” The Lands Department is furnishing us with more romances. A tale was told at the sitting of the board on Wednesday which astonished all the hearers, and left them in a state of doubt as to whether it could possibly be true. The narrator, a Mr Thomas Wilson, requires us to believe that he was defrauded by the Messrs Cope, M’s.L.A., out of the possession of a certain allot ment, and that because he importuned for justice he was incarcerated in the lunatic asylum, from which he has just been released. We refer at length to the case elsewhere, There are points in it which certainly require to be cleared up. Referring to the abuse that is now being heaped on Mr Graham Berry by the chief Opposition organ, the M. A. Mail says: —“ The argument that would disable a candidate for the Treasurership because at one time of his life he sold pins and needles by retail is about on a par with the reasoning which, it has been humor ously said, justifies you in horsewhipping a man a Lady-day because he will affront you at Midsummer! But the truth is, logic is at a discount when the whole duty of the objector is to be abusive. It is the business of the Age to praise up Mr M’Culloch and everything, that is his, and this business naturally in volves the task of maligning Mr M'Culloch’s oppo nents. This is the rationale of all the slanders and falsehoods that have been circulated to the prejudice of the party which has chosen to be designated by the name of Independent Liberals, and which has just returned Mr Aspinall for St. Kilda, and Mr M’Lellan for Ararat, without any opposition. As a party grows in strength, and feels conscious of its growth, it can afford to be vilified without resenting it; and there appears to be very little doubt that Mr Berry has some such ground for the indifference and contempt with which he is treating the scandal mongers who beset him on every side as the fat bulls of Bashan beset the Psalmist with similar intentions. His election is admitted to be the most important of any that has yet taken place since the crisis, since not only is Geelong considered to be the stronghold of M'Cullochism, but Mr Berry himself is heralded as the champion of the party which has thrown off the M'Culloch yoke. If he is elected the security of the Ministry in Parliament will be confirmed. If he is rejected, it is of no use attempting to disguise the in ference that Mr Macpherson must be prepared to ap peal to the country at the earliest opportunity.” The following is a programme of the pieces which will this evening be performed in the Sturt street music garden by the band of the Ist B.V.R.:—Grand march; waltz, “Hilda” (D. Godfrey); quick step; chorus, “Fixed in his Everlasting Seat” (Handel); quadrilles “Agnes Sorrell” (Leduc); schottische, “Lady Fair” (Montgomery); gallop. God Save the Queen. It is to be understood that though the band will be at the Theatre Royal, in aid of Mr William Akhurst’s benefit, it will also fulfil its ordinary duties in the music-garden. It is reported that Mr Henderson, Kiora, near Ararat, has shot a hare on his land. In another column will be found a report of another serious fire in Fraser street, Clunes. A visitation of bo much of his diocese as is situated in the archdeaconry of Melbourne and Geelong was held on Tuesday, at the Cathedral church, St. James, by the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Melbourne. A large number of the clergy of the district were in at tendance. After the Litany had been read by the Rev. M. H. Becher, the incumbent of the church, the bishop delivered his charge. He principally confined his remarks to topics relating peculiarly to the clergy, their parochial duties, and the mutual relations which ought to exist between them and him. He also re ferred to various matters suggested by the present state of the Church in England, and to certain circum stances which had occurred of late in his own diocese- He exhorted his clergy to be careful to maintain and preach sound doctrine, and explained the reasons which had induced him to take up his present position with reference to, the ordination and admission of priests to, minister in his diocese. We understand that this is the third visitation held by his lordship during the time he has presided over the diocese. (says Wednesday s Argus), the Government have sent by the English mail, simultaneously with the new land regulations forwarded to the agent-general, six - views of Melbourne for reproduction in the Illustrated London News, Frank Leslie’s illustrated New York paper, and the French illustrated newspaper, L'lllus tration. The views are copies of those taken by Mr Noone, of the Government photo-lithographic depart ment, for presentation to the officers of the Flying Squadron, and they are accompanied by a descriptive sketch of the rise and progress of Melbourne, together, with a statistical account of the extent and resources of the colony. The descriptive portion of the account was written by Mr Wardell, the Inspector-General of Public Works, before leaving for England, and the statistical information has been prepared and arranged by the Registrar-General, Mr Archer. A fine little girl, about sixteen months old, belong ing to Mr Conrad Tenbrink, Smythesdale, met with a sad accident on Tuesday evening. Mrs Tenbrink had been pouring out the tea, and just turned round, when the child upset a cup on herself, and scalded herself severely about the neck and chest. Mr Tenbrink, senior, who was near the place, hastened to the spot and applied kerosene profusely to the scald. Dr Jor dan rendered all the assistance in his power, but the little sufferer expired on Thursday afternoon. It will be seen in our report of the Buninyongshire Council proceedings that the registration fees for the month of January were nearly equal to the whole of the fees for the previous year, the sum for January being £90 1s, and for the whole of the previous year £109 10s. We (Hampden Chronicle) learn that the English champion pedestrians passed through Camperdown between five and six o’clock on the morning of Sun day last. Messrs Bird, Topley, and Hewitt, accom- by their trainer, have proceeded to a station in the neighborhood of Terang, for the purpose of putting a finishing stroke to the training which is to place them in form for their next public appearance in Mel bourne on the 12th of February next. A somewhat mysterious reference, made at the Church Assembly, on Wednesday, seemed to evoke a considerable amount of feeling. A reverend member desired to know whether a meeting of members had been held on the previous day, at St. Peter’s Church. The Bishop suggested that the proper course was to give notice of the question, but the rev. gentleman expressed himself desirous of obtaining an answer at once. The Bishop then pointed out that he could only open up the matter by moving the adjournment of the assembly. This he proceeded to do, but was somewhat warmly called to order by the Rev. R. B. Dickinson, who subsequently gave notice of the fol lowing motion:—“ That this assembly recognises the right of any of the ministers and of every member of the Church to meet, privately or publicly, in such law ful manner as they shall think fit, to discuss matters of common interest, and to use such lawful influence in all such matters as they may think desirable.’’ The reading of the resolution was received with ap plause. The returning-officer of the electoral district of West Geelong, on Wednesday, at noon, proceeded through the formula necessary in the election of a member to serve in the Assembly. There being two candidates Monday, the 7th, was appointed as the day upon which the polling would take place. Mr Berry took the op portunity of addressing those present, giving a general denial to the statements in that day’s Age. Mr Rutherford was also present, but did' not speak. Some rowdies made themselves, as usual, rather demonstra tive after the meeting. Says the Argus of Thursday—“ Nearly all the hands employed at the Government Printing-office were en gaged yesterday in the printing of the new land regu lations, and there will soon be a plentiful supply of the books for distribution. In order that they may be procured without difficulty in Melbourne, the regu lations will be on sale on and after to-day at the Crown Lands Office, at the price previously named of Is per i copy: From the telegraphic advices received at the hands Office in Melbourne, it seems certain that large quantities of land will be taken up within a very short period all over the colony. Ground has been pegged out in almost every district of the country, and in some localities a surprising number of applicants are coming forward.” In reference to a case in the Equity Court referred to by our Melbourne correspondent in Thursday’s issue, the following has been sent to us for publication as the correct version of the affair:—“ In connection with the suit Gough and others v Farrington (firm of C. M. Farrington and Co., brewers), it appears from affidavits read before Mr Justice Moles worth yester day that Mr Farrington, on Ist July last, entered into partnership with four others, one of whom, Mr Ellis, was to assist him in the business as accountant; but, as constant disagreements occurred between them, greatly to the detriment of the working of the busi ness, it was arranged at the half-yearly meeting that both the manager and accountant should resign, so that the sale of the business either to Mr Farrington or to the other partners, might be accomplished with out delay; but, as Mr Farrington’s offer for the busi ness was not accepted, and the other partners would not purchase his share, Mr Farrington refused to re linquish his rights as manager, as his resignation was tendered under a misapprehension, and gave notice that he would refer the question in dispute to arbitra- tion; but Mr Justice Molesworth ruled that Mr Far rington, having so tendered his resignation as mana ger, that the injunction be granted, but not as to his rights as brewer to the partnership.” 