©rigtoal stories. THE LAST ESCAPE FROM SIBERIA. I From Chamber s's Journal.] Who docs not remember the pleasure with which, as a child, he read the history of Elizabeth, or the Exiles of Siberia, her courageous devotion, and her ultimate success. Such literature has latterly become too common among the unfortunate Poles. Her most devoted and bravest sons have been expatriated to the land of eternal snow, and the adieu of their sorrowing friends sounds ever in their ears a tie plus nous rcvoir. Once or twice in a century, a general amnesty, as it is called, brings back a few to their own country; ana, even more rarely, a bold and energetic exile finds means to escape his horrible doom, and reappears among his former acquaintances, like a ghost from another world. They write the story of those wild and howling wildernesses; and others who die there send the journals they have kept to loving friends, who publish them in Paris or Brussels, where the Press is free. Such a work is that of M. Rutin Piotrowski, almost the only example of a man sentenced to hard labour who tried to escape and succeeded. On foot, he made the long and perilous journey over the Ural chain of mountains to Archangel, Petersburg, and Riga, without passport or help, and but little money, confiding his secret to no one, that they might not be involved in his terrible fate if discovered. He was one of those heroic emissaries who, after emigrating irom Poland, returned to his oppressed country with impossible plans, unreflecting appeals, and crude ideas, only to suffer as a victim of Russian policy. The cud of his journey was Kaminietz, in Podolia, where he gave himself out as a Frenchman wbo had come to give private lessons in foreign languages, and received the usual permit from the authorities without exciting any suspicion. He was soon introduced into the best society; and the better to shield his connections, he chose the houses of Russian employes, where he suffered tortures from the remarks he heard made upon his insulted countrymen. His security rested much upon his not being supposed to under stand the Polish language ; and during the nine months that he remained, he obtained such command over himself, that the police had not the slightest suspicion of his being a Pole. The 'warning voice came from St. Petersburg, through the spies in Pans. Early one winter's morning he was roughly shaken out of a slumber by the Director of Police, and carried before the Governor of the 'province, who had come specially on this errand. His position was represented to him as one of the greatest danger, and he was recommended to make a full confession. This for many days he refused to do, until a large number of those who were his accomplices were brought before him ; and their weary, anxious faces induced him to explain loudly, and in his native tongue-" Yes, I am a Pole, and have returned because I could not bear exile from my native land any longer; here I wished to live inoffensive and quiet, confiding my secret to a few countrymen; and I have nothing more to say." The Governor's eyes sparkled. lie was delighted that the difficulty was over; and an immediate order was made out for the culprit's departure to Kiof. His sufferings were frightful, and were not lessened when they stopped at a hut, where some rusty chains were brought out, the ringB of which were thrust over his ankles. They proved much too small, and the rust prevented the bars from turning in the sockets, so that the pain was insupport able. He was rudely carried and thrown into the carriage, and thus arrived in an almost insensible condition at the terrible fortress of Kiof. After many months' miserable detention in this prison, which we pass over to dwell more particularly on his escape, he was sentenced to death, which was commuted to hard labour in Siberia for life; degraded from his rank as a noble, and ordered to make the journey in chains. As soon as this was read to him, he was taken to a kibitka, or chaise, with three horses, which stood at the door. Irons tvere put on, and he was placed between two armed soldiers; the gates of the fortress were shut, and the toad to Siberia was before him. Many more afflicted ones than hwi«Alf were passed. None but the nobility hare the privilege of riding; the commonality are sent in convoys of from one to three hundred, and to walk to their destination occupies from one to two years. Two arc chained together, and one cannot move in his sleep without awakening the other, and causing great pain. About ten thousand are sent every year-yet the people on the road are compassionate and sympathising: the women give cakes, dried fish, or fruit. An employe came up to M. Piotrowski, and timidly offered him a small packet, saying-"Accept that from my saint." The convict not understanding, he added-"You are a Pole, and do not know our customs ; it is my fete-day, when it is above all a duty to assist the unfortunate. Pray, accept it then, in the name of my saint, after whom I am called." The packet contained bread, salt, and money. Night and day the journey continued, with the utmost rapidity, for about a month, when, in the middle of the night, they stopped at the fortress of Omsk, where he was placed for a few hours with a young officer who had committed some breach tit discipline. They talked incessantly until the morning, so great was the pleasure of meeting with an educated companion. A map of Siberia was in the room, which Piotrowski examined with feverish interest. "Ah !" said his companion, "are you meditating flight ? Pray, do not think of it. Many of your fellow-countrymen have tried it; and, tracked on all sides, tortured with hunger, and wild with despair, have resorted to suicide, to save themselves from the conse quences cf the knout and a life of misery." At midday he was brought before Prince Gortschakofl', and the critical moment of his fate arrived. He might either be sent to some of the Government factories in the neighbourhood, or to the hell of convicts the mines underground. An hour passed in cruel suspense whilst this was debated. At length one of the Council announced to him that he was to be sent to the distillery of Ekaterininski, three hundred miles to the north of Omsk. The clerks around congratu lated liini on his destination; ana liis departure was immediate. On a wintry morning he rcached a vast plain near the river Irtish, on which a wretched village of about two hundred wooden huts were built around a factoiy. When introduced into the clerks' oflice, a young man who was waiting jumped up and threw himself into his arms . lie also was a Pole from Cracow, a well known poet, and sent away for life as "a measure of precaution." Soon they were joined by another political criminal. These spoke rapidly and with extreme emotion, entreating their new friend to bear everything in the most submissive and patient manner, as the only means of escaping from menial employment, and being promoted to the clerks' office. Not long was he permitted to rest. A convict, branded on his forehead and cheeks, the Superintendent of the others, came and ordered liim to take a broom, and sweep away a mass of dirt that some masons had left. A murderer was his companion ; and thus he went on until nightfall, when his two friends were permitted to visit him, in the presence of the soldiers and convicts, most of the latter of whom had been guilty of frightful crimes. Thus day after day passed on, in sweeping, carrying wood and water, amid snow and frost; sad, painful memories on which it is useless to dwell; the barracks a scene of drunkenness and debauchery at night, and his companions the worst of mankind. His good conduct brought him in a year and a half to the office, where he received ten francs a month, and the work was light. During this time he saw and conversed with many farmers and travellers from a distance, and gained every information about the roads, rivers, &c.;, with a view to the escape he was ever meditating. The natives unite with the soldiers in exercising an incessant supervision over the hundreds of escaping convicts, and a common saying among the Tartars is-" In killing a squirrel you get but one skin, whilst a convict has three-his coat, his shirt, and his skin." Slowly and painfully he collected the materials for his journey. First of all a passport was an essential. A convict who had been sentenced for making false money, still possessed an excellent stamp of the royal arms; this Piotrowski bought for a few francs. The sheet of paper was easily obtained in the office^ and the passport forged. After long waiting he procured a Siberian wig-that is, a sheepskin with the wool turned in, to preserve the head from the cold- three shirts, a sheepskin bour nouse, and a red velvet cap bordered with fur- the dress of a well-to-do peasant. On a sharp frosty night he quitted Ekaterininski for "lara, having determined to try the road to the north for Archangel, as the least frequented. A large Fair was shortly to be held at Irbit, at the foct of the Urals, and he hoped to hide himself in the vast crowd of people that frequented it. Soon after he had crossed the nver, a sledge was heard behind him; he trembled for his safety his pursuers were perhaps coming. "Where are you going?" shouted the peasant who drove it. "ToTara." " Give me ten sous, and I will take you. '' "No ; it is too much. I will give eight." "Well, so let it be. Jump in quickly." He was set down in the street; and knocking at a house, enquired in the Russian fashion-"Have you horses to hire?" " Yes-a pair. Where to "ToTara. lama commercial traveller, and going to meet my master. I am behind my time, and wish to go as quickly as possible." No sooner had they set oil* than a snow storm came on, and the driver lost his way. They wandered about all night in the forest, and it was impossible to describe the anguish and suffering Piotrowski endured. "Return to Tara," said he, as the day broke-" I will engage another sledge ; and you need not expect any money from me, after the folly you have shown in losing your way." They turned, but had hardly gone a mile before the driver jumped up, looked around, and cried-"This is our road." Then making up for lost time, he set him down at a friend's house, where he procured some tea and fresh horses. On he went in safety, renewing his horses at small expense, until late at night, when he suffered from a most unfortunate robbery. He had not money at band to pay the conductor. They turned into a public-house where a crowd of drunken people were celebrating the Carnival. He drew out some paper-money to get change, when the crowd coming round, some one seized his papers, among which were about thirty francs, his invaluable passport, and a note in which he had minutely inscribed all the towns and villages he must pass through on the road to Archangel. He was in despair. The very first day a quarter of his money was gone, and the only thing by which he hoped to evade suspicion, nis passport. He dared not appeal to the police, and was obliged to submit. Regret and hesitation were not to be thought of; rapid travelling is common in Siberia, and he soon found himself on the high-road to Irbit, crowded with an innu merable mass of sledges, going or returning to the Fair, filled' with merchandise ana peasants, who guide their agile hones with unparelleled skill. It is the season of gain and good humour ;and the people show it by unbounded gaiety. Piotrowski took courage, returned the salutations of the passers-by for how could he be distinguished in such a crowd ? The gates of Irbit were reached on the third day. "Halt, and show your passport," cried an official; but added in a whisper-"Give me twenty kopecks, and pass quickly.*' The demand was willingly gratified, snd with some difficulty he procured a night's lodging, lying on the floor amidst a crowd of peasants, who had previously supped on radish-soup, dried fish, oatmeal gruel, with oil and pickled cabbage. Up at daybreak, he tow care to make the orthodox salutations before the holy images which are found in the corner of every Russian dwelling; and pimging rapidly through the crowded town, he walked out of the opposite gate, for henceforwards his scanty funds demanded that the journey should be made on foot. In the midst of a heavily falling snow, he managed to keep the track, avoiding the villages, and, when hungry, drawing a piece of frozen bread, from his hag. At nightfall he buried himself in the forest, hollowed a deep hole in the snow, and found a hard but warm bed, where he gained the repose he so greatly needed. Another bard day, with a dry cutting wind, forced him to ask for shelter at night in a ! cottage, which was granted without hesitation. He described himself as a work- i man going to the iron-foundries at Boihotole, on the Ural mountains. Whilst the supper was preparing, he dried his clothes, _ and stretched on a bench with inex pressible satisfaction. He fancied he had neglected no precautions; his prayers arid salutations liaa been made; and yet suspicion was awakened, as it appeared, by the sight | of big three shirts, which no peasant possesses. Three men entered, and rooglily shock him from sleep, demanding his passport. "By what right do you ask for it? Are you police ?" "No; but we are inhabitants of the village." " And you can enter houses and ask for passports ? Who can say whether you do not mean to rob me of my papers ? But my ansv.-ei is ready. I am Levrenti Kouzmine, going to Bohotole; and it is not the first time I have passed through the country." He then entered into details of the road aud the Fair at Irbit, ending by showing his permission to pass, which, as it bore a stamp, satisfied these ignorant men. " Forgive us," said they. " We thought you were an escaped convict; some of them pass this way." Henceforward he dared not seek the shelter of a house. From the middle of February to the beginning of April, in the midst of oneof the severest winters ever known, his couch was in the snow. Frozen bread was his food for days together, and the absence of warui aliments brought him face to face with the terrible spectres of cold and hunger. The Urals were reached, and he began to climb their wooded heights. On passing through a little village at nightfall, a voice cried "Who is there i*' " A traveller." "Well, would you like to come and sleep here." " May God recompense you, yes; if it will not inconvenience you." An aged couple lived there ; good people, Y. V prepared a meagre repast, whichseemed a feast to Piotrowski ; the greatest comfort .f all being that he could take off his clothcs. They gave him his breakfast, and would uot accept any remuneration but his wai m and cordial thanks. In the evening he met with a convoy of yamstchicks, or drivers, who were returning from the F air with thirty sledges of goods, each drawn by one horse, and guided by some yamstcliiks. Their skill in descending the mighty slopes of the mountains is wonderful; the road is narrow, and bordered by walls of snow so high that men and horses completely disappear in them. When two convoys meet, the smaller | turns out of the road, and buries itself until only the horses' ears are visible. This strange evolution finished, the men belonging to both assist in drawing horses and vehicles out; but mauy dead bodies of the former strew the roadside, the fatigues are so great. One evening our poor fricnd:s life was nearly extinct; the way was lost, the hail pierced his skin, his supply of bread was exhausted, and after vainly dragging his j weary limbs, he fell into a kind of torpor, t A loud voice roused him-"What are you j doing here ?" j "1 am making a pilgrimage to the 1 monastery of Solovetsk, but the storm ; prevented my seeing the track, and I have not eaten for several days." "It is not surprising. We who live on I the spot often wander awa}'. There, drink that." The speaker gave him a bottle containing some brandy, which burned him so fearfully, that in his pain he danced about. " Now, try to calm yourself," said the good Samaritan, giving him some bread and dried fisli, which Piotrowski ate ravenously, saying-" I thank you with all my heart. May God bless you for your goodness." "Ah, well, do not say so much ; we are both Christians. Now, try to walk a little." He was a trapper ; and led him into the right path, pointing out a village inn where he could get rest and refreshment. Pio trowski managed to crawl to the place, and then fainted away. When he recovered himself, he asked for radish- soup, but could not swallow it; and towards noon he fell asleep on the bench, never awaking until the same time on the next day, when the host roused him. Sleep, rest, and warmth restored the weary traveller, who again started on his long pilgrimage. The town of Veliki-Ustiug was reached, where he determined to change bis character and become a pilgrim, going to pray to the holy images ©f Solovetsk, on the White Sea. There are four of these holy places to which pious Russians resort, ana everywhere the wayfarers are well received ; hospitality and n1m« being freely dispensed to those who are going to pray for the peace of the donor. Passports are not rigorously exacted, andhe hoped to join himself to a company, trusting to ne less marked than if alone. As he was > standing irresolute in the market-place, a young man accosted him, and finding that they were bound to the same place, invited hiT to join their party. There was about twenty; but not less than two thousand were in the city on their way, waiting until the thaw should have opened the Dwina for the rafts and boats which would transport them to Archangel, and then to Solovetsk. It was a scene for Chaucer-the sincere ascetic detached from this world ; the half idiot, who sought to be a saint; the knave who played upon the charity of others ; and the astute hypocrite. The rafts are loaded with corn, and the pilgrims receive a free passage; or a small sum of money is given them if they consent to row; from forty to sixty sailors being required for each, the oars consisting of a thin fir-tree. Piotrowski was only too happy to increase his small store of money by working. At the break of day, before starting, the captain cried " Seat yourselves, aii«l pray to God." Every ! one squatted down like a Mussulman for a moment, then rose and made a number of salutations and crossings; and next, down to the poorest, each threw a small piece of money into the river, to secure a propitious voyage. . * Fifteen days passed, during which Pio trowski learned to be an expert oarsman; then the golden spires of Archangel rose before them; a cry of joy was uttered by all; and the rowers broke off the lower part of their oars with a frightful crash; such is the universal custom. It was a heartfelt prayer of gratitude that Piotrowski raised to God for having brought hiin thus far in safety. How pleasant was the sight of the ships, with their flags of a thousand colours, after the snow and eternal forests of the Urals. But there was again disappointment; be wandered along the piers, but could not find a single vessel bound for France or Germany, Mid not daring to enter the cafes, where perhaps the captains might have been, he left Archangel in sadness, deter mined to skirt the coast towards Onega. He would thus pass the celebrated monastery without the necessity of stopping, and pre tend he was proceeding to Novgorod and Moscow on the same pious pilgrimage. Through marshes and blighted fir-plan tations the weary wayfarer sped, the White Sea rising frequently into storms of the utmost grandeur ; but the season was lovely and the sun warm, so that camping out offered less hardship; the wolves howled round him, but happily he never saw them. Many soldiers, who were Poles, were estab lished at different points to take charge of the canals. He often listened to their sad complaints, and once remarked to one, " But they do not beat you much*" ?."How? Not beat us!" was the answer, accompanied by a bitter laugh. " Do you think the Czar lets us eat his bread gratui tously?" Another sad spectacle were the convoys of Jewish children, who are taken away from their homes in Poland at the age of ten or twelve, carried, to Archangel to bring up as soldiers or sailors, and taught to forgot the religion and customs of their fathers. It was heart-rending to see these poor their heads shaved, driven before the rough soldiers, and dying on the road of hunger and cold. Having reached Vytegra, lie was accostei on the shore by a peasant who asked where he was going. On hearing his story he said, " \ ou are the man I want. I am going to St. Petersburg. My boat is small, and yon can assist me to row." The crafty fellow evidently intended to profit by the pilgrim's aims without wages ; nut, alter lor^g debate, he agreed to supply Piotrowski with food during the transport. It seemed strange, indeed, to go to the capital-like running into the Jaws of the lion-but he seized every occasion to p*00 on lest his papers should be «»ln»d for. As they coasted down through Lake l and the Neva, they took in some women as passengers, who were servants, and had been home to see their parents. One of them, an aged washerman, was so teased by the others that Piotrowski took her part, and in return she offered him some very useful assistance. "My daughter," she said, "will come to meet me, and she will iind you a suitable lodging." It will be guessed with what joy he accepted the proposal; and during all the time spent in the boat no one came to ask for the passports. The house she took him to was sufficiently miserable; as the Russians say: "It was the bare ground with the wrist for a pillow." He asked his hostess if he must see the police to arrange the business of his passport. " No," she said; "if you only stay a few days it iB useless; they have become so exacting, that they would require me to accompany you, and my time is too precious." As ne passed along the quays, looking for a ship, his eyes rested on one to sail for Riga on the following morning. He could scarcely master his emotion. The pilot on board called out: "if you want a place to Riga, come here," " I certainly want one, but I am too poor a man to sail in a steamer, it would cost too much." He named a very small sum, and said, " Come; why do you hesitateV1' " I only arrived yesterday, aud the police have not vise my passport. " That will occupy three days; go without a vise. Be here at seven o'clock, and wait for me." Both were to their time. The sailor said, " Give me some money,*' and handed him a yellow paper; the clock struck, the barrier was opened, and like a dream he was safely on the ocean. The journey to Riga, through Courland and Lithuania, need not be dwelt upon; the difficulty of crossing the Russian frontier into Prussia was still to be managed. He chose the daytime; and when the sentinels had each turned their backs, he jumped over the wall of the lirst of the three glacis. No noise was heard. The second was tried, and the firing of pistols showed that he was perceived; he rushed on to the third, and, breathless and exhausted, gained a little wood where for many hours he remained concealed. He was in Prussia. Wandering on through Memel, Tilsit, and Konigsberg, he decided at the last place to take a ship the next morning to Elbing, where he would be near to Posen, and among his compatriots. Sitting down on a heap of stones, he in tended taking refuge for the night in a corn field; but sleep overcame him, and he was rudely awakened in the darkness by a policeman. His stammering and confused replies awakened suspicion, and to his shame and grief he was carried off to prison. He announced himself as a French cotton spinner, but returning from Russia, and without passport. Not a word he said was believed. At length, after a month's deten tion, weary of being considered a concealed malefactor, he asked to speak to M. Fieury, a French advocate who assisted at his triad. To him he confessed the whole truth. No thing could equal his advocate's consternation and astonishment. " What a misfortune!" he said; "wemust give you up to the Russians ; they have just sent many of your countrymen across the frontier. There is but one way; write to Count Eulenberg, tell your story, and trust to bis mercy." After ten days he received a vague reply, desiring him to have patience. The affair got wind in the town, and a gentleman came to hiT asking if he would accept him as baiL Efforts had been made in his favour, and the police were ready to set him free. M. Kamke, his friend, took him home and entertained him for a week; but an order came from Berlin to send the prisoner bsck to Russia, and he received warning in time to escape. Letters to various friends on the way were given him to facilitate his journey; and just four years after he had left Paris he reached it in safety again, after having crobsed the Urals, slept for months in the snow, jumped over the Russian frontier in the midst of balls, and passed through so many sufferings and privations. 