STHBE STOF-TEL'LER, , -THE RETURN-TICKET. ".What s ation, sir ?"" Great ?Western,"-I re p lied to cabbiethrough tle trap door of the hanu \- The hbor: e describedd half-circle, aid ',dv-w we rattled through the crorded :streets af the nie. tropolFs,? Ilookeli t athe whirling panoiama.of life with tle curiosity aiid interest natural to.a manin who'-returns to ::his own country after an "bsh. nce of ten :-years in thei colotiies.. '!Any more going ?"' shouted the urdin the tone of a last appeal.. ' O yes, my sister, and I and our luggage ?? screamed a 'r'intic old lady, with a dog uiderhler rm; -pushing: resolutely into the csarriage where I was sitting, Dog mustgo in the b?or, ma'am, esaid .the inexorable guard, calsing, to an... assistant. to- remove tie half trangled beast ofa dcdr "What abrute ? said 'lbs old lady, refr~erig to i'railway oflici -. :-There. arr" certehint people who if tigdo meet t.hem in a second-cl.ss carrige, take the earliest ;'pportunity of intirintiog that their position in that i c:!ass is eq'ep'ional, and that they are really frst-c!sr' people: Tlie tiwo elderly sisters di.s od. iraed together i th this object' for the public benefit, nnd iiere nsatisfied tlnat I at least undei?cr lr ood them.. They were inclined to patronise me; Sill tlhey fouind that I talked with the frt farmer ini the otler 'ide. He n as a good kind of mal. nod I was glad to converse with both him and his intelligent companion, who appeared to bea rradesman ;:IThe: -remainiug occupant of the con iLpartmeit was a silent man in the cerner, hbout wuomIshoiuld not have troubled myself, hiad not hlis procedifigs been somewhat ccccntric. F. or at least two hours hlie did not address a single` ?-ord to hisfellow: travellers,but diligently ~:read thle. newsllaper, When lhe had exhausted thle contents of thie journal, lie pulled a carpet-bag from ni iidode'f ?he nt;' uniocked it, and took from i·ts :recessa msimnll iottie carrdfiilly wr-rpped in-a rIedsillkhi ndkerch!ief.:: The'bottlesliould sayj, -held about eight ounces of what.ivs apparently clear cd atei ': Tl silent i:mn rep!laced tlhe carpet: 1ih.nntdl--lffilcaliin? ,back :in his s?eat; held tihe bottle horiz.on'alyiteifoic him at the distance of about sixi idces :froni iis eyes. : If?i.i ii is :educ d ito rend the advertisement -heet at hei~f eTise, is absorbed in the trishiest yellow hlacked nove!, or even proceeds to eat hiis sanidwiches lilke: a bcar, you don't scrutinise his movements. lBut when a person, observed f r be.pecidiarly tacitrni, in manner, continues forhalf an hiouri gazng'fixedly through a bottle placed at apeculiar angle, and never moves a muscle of his face, you begin to speculate on his lmentalstate tbhink, what next? and then re mnember tihe approaching box-tunnel. S'i'heold ladies looked at the silen4 man with nafeigrned astonishment, and made dumb me tirns at.each other, and got very uneasy. I no iced that the inan of the bottle had contracted :a most einiiter squint in the course- of his singu lar act of investigation. Unable any longer.to. restrain my curiosity, I said leaning towards himrn " -xEcuse me, sir, but do you see anything remarkaible in that bittle that you look at it so attentively ?" No aiswer came from the sileit man,and every one looked up;and cleared their throats. Every moment the squint became more frightful, and themiystery more incomprehensible. "Do 'ee nudge him; sir," said the farmer to me. " It misgives me he isn't i: his right mind somehow." "' Sister," cried the elder of the two ladies, " what shall i e do ?Ican'tstand thilany longer. There isno saying what he may do next." " What'ave yt got in that eer bottle, sir ? said the farmer, emboldened byincreasingcuriosity. "' Us in our parts would consider it a bit queer to go glower ung at a bottle in- that fashion." No answer. This was not to be endured; so I tapped the shoulder of the silent man, and repeated my ql?ehtion about the bottle in sufficiently loud tones.- '" You have interrupted me most unfor -tuniately," said the owner of the bottle. "There • as isomething just coming over the field of vision. I reallybelieve. Wouldyou like totry?" and so saying, hre handed'the mysterious hott.le, ' ' h:?e two oldladies .gave little faint cries of hdorror. I turnamed the phial round and round, feel ingmore than ever puzzled as to its use andpur Spose. : Again I inquired about the mystery ; the .silent'man begged me to speak louder for he -vasvery deaf. He then good naturedly explained to'me that thebottle contained mesmerised water, and added that it was given to him by a friend vwhoi as agreat believer ; who told him that if he would look at the bottle steadily for a certain • time, keeping his mind entirely abstracted, that hlie would be able to see past events which had occurred to himself and others. - Do'you believe in it ?" " Totexactlv ; but just as you spoke there- was a sort of mist before my eyes ;. perhaps the picture would have come Sout." SThe subject of spiritualism and second sight once started, every dne had a story to tell. Even the fat farmer had known a "Thornaby waste" in his own neighborhood, where the "boggle" was "ecer'd aboot an' aboot." And, moreover, She told a wonderful story of a ghost at Broom hill Towers, which could not be "raved or renm bled oot," even though the old family were gone, and tihe house had been altered, by the new people iwho had bought the property. While he was talking of these places an odd ilea came into my mind, and holding up the bottle I exclaimed, "Suppose 1 try if I can make out something in your past life, for in stance, from this wonderful apparatus ?" " I'll give ye leave, sir," replied the farmer, winking at his friend. Igazed at the bottle in the pre scribed manner for five minutes or more, then I xiclaimed, ' 1 see an old man ly:ng in a bed. aind two or three people pressing round him; they gave him a pen, and holding his hand, make him sign what I suppose is his will. Now the sccne changes, and I see a court of law ; the pictureis rather confused, but I fancy I see a man like yourself; only a great deal younger; lhe court breaks up, and a number of people come forward and shake you by the hand as if congratulating. yoa." "Let me look at that oottle," cried the farmer, "Why, that comes ot i oaderful ;that's the trial about my great unccle's rill." '" Wait a little," said I;" there a?reother pictures passing before me, I see a fariLhouse on fire;.people are rushing about. A woman, uith a child in her arms, appears at one of the windows; aladder is placed for her escape, but it is too short" Slie drops the child intii the airis of the people below. There is great excitment :; the fire rages ; another ladder is brought, and she begins to descend ; but misses her pooting when half-way down, and falli," : Goodnmorning,"a said the farmer to a clergy mali who got in at Weston Junction. "I hope I see you well sir." Wilhout waiting for an answer, he began immediately~to give an account of the wonderful revelations of the bottle, SW'hy sir, do ye know ,"he continued," it beats the pate it ghost allto nothing, This herebottle hIlas thliepowerof making clear all as ever !hap p ned to one, I've just heerd the story of the mire at tihe old farm. which took place when father snd mothler was first married. Lor' how often I've heerd father tell the story! I war thrown out of the window, and never' a bruise nor a scratch did I get; but mother, poor ioul, was burled, and was lame to the day of her death. But Lor', sir, how they do work up this science! I've just been to Lunnon now, and have seena deal of it. l)o e'e try the bottle agaih, sir," he added, addressing me. I placed the phial atthe. correct angle and • fter some n minutes of steady observation Iex clained, " I see a young boy climbing a tree b-lird-nesting I suppose. 1le seems a daring young fellon. and springs from bough to bough ;dlmostlikea squirrel. Isee a branch catches his:: watch-chain, and, unknown to him, his \- ,atch his pulled out of his pocket and falls into Ar crevice into a tree, The scene changes to a farinrstaton, they are hauling in timber for the sawipit. A gentleman stands there talking to Ihe men; he looks over the timber as if cal :culating the measurment and suddenly he finds a wratch embeddel in a hole in the wood ; he drawvs itfortlh, showing it to every one." "You hlave made a good hit there, sir," said the clergy. Lnai. looking up from the pages bf the Quarterly. '. ihat circumstance of finding my watch in the hollow ofatree after many years is perfectly true; and so saying he looked very hard at ne. The train at this moment stopping at my des tination, I returned the bottle to its owner, and Sjumping ouit of the carnrige, was about to make I my exit from the station, when some onetapped iiie on the shoulder : " I think I have made'a hdiscoisry aiid found out that tlihe mysterious con ni?rr is no btheie than my old schoolfellow Frank \--arra.rii.? ?: The sanie -;ind 'ou are Charles ::iraves ;"?'said Ito t he clergyman who hiad tavelledwitlh nie for the last half- hour;.- . \- shook: haiids heai tily adnd lhe placed his asmwsthin mmc -js if u had only parted yester da:y. '? Tell me all about yourself," said he, as a e walked along:the road to the towln of B--. 'I landed from Australia four days ii.' j when a yearninig desire to s e my old, hbme? comiing over inm? I took a; reoturn -ticketj fromn Baturday till 'londsay, that I might run doiwn and spend my first Sunday in England, at iny'bithplace.'I did- not intend te see any one, or nmake: myself kinown? ; and fifteen yearss':roughin 'it in the bulsh has pretty well disguised me. Farmer Sellick, who had been my father's tenant for years, never suspected me, though my old love ofmischief might have betrayed me. I turned the mesmerised bottle to good account, did I not, Charlie, astonishing the farmers and frightening tlhe two old ladies ?" "Unchanged I see," re plied Graves ';.The.first time I. ever hear? ofl you, you were the delinquent in a'practicai jboke .at school. The Doctor forgave you oftener than anjr boy in his class, and liked you better too. But tell rue, have.you made your fortune ?" "Noto exactly, my dear friend; but I've got a nest-egg, anid I mean to do better things yet before I die." "Sanguine as ever; just like your family before you," said Graves, in the tone of a man' not given to hope much. " Farrar, y*ou must come'and stay with nie; I hgve a perpetual- curacy at K-, and cross country you can get to Broomhill in an hour; you will remember the old road.' " Well my dear fellow, if ynou ill liave me, I wil:l come in to- morrow and stay the nilght: . Imust go bcak on Monday." We then parted, for Graves aas going home with one of his parishioners; and the gigand itsowner were standingin the yard- of the Red Lion waiting for him. On Sundav.morning " Marlin bells" rang out the cliimes. Whats tide. of recollections . were invoked by those familiar sounds ! The trim townalooked much as it did of yore, and passing through tlhe quiet streets I took the road to. my, old house. I hnad awalk of seven miles before me -an uphill walk, too ; but it was like a dream.-I could-fancy myself a schoolboy again, impatient formy fond mothers greeting; and I thought of those touching words, *"How lorg since Isaw that fair pale face, Oh, mother dear, might I only place / \- Iy head ori thy breast, a moment to rest;: TVhile thy hand on my tearful cheekwere pressed." All are gone; and my beloved home in* the hiand ofstrangers. The history may be briefly. told. MIy family had been squires of the parish since the beginning of the seventeeth century; but my grandfathler had been an extravagant man, and my-father inherited hlis tastes and his[ mortgages. -Affairs were not flourishing in the boyhood of myself and my brothers; but we were vastly happy, and though somehow not as rich as we might be, we believe that the world could nbt go on without the Farrars of Broom hill. But the world did manage to do without us ; and at my father's death, my only remain ing brother and myself took the small remnant of our fortune to Australia, where we tried sheep farming. IHe, poor fellow, died three years after we went out, and I was left without a near re lation in the world. Musing in melancholy fashion upon the past, I came upon the village green. Every turn in the road-every pollard-tree-was dear to me. I leant upon the well-known gate, and gazed upon the winding valley, the glancing trout stream which fringes Churcoman's Copse, and thought of my careless childhood. I turned to the village green, and sat down on a fallen tree, for the half hour bell had only just begun its summons for *divine service. How slowly material things change, while one little life spins round so fast I There was the old ash-tree just as I had left it; its withered white boughs p ointing upwards to the bluesky. Thedilapidated cottages were as picturesque as ever in their de cay, the fowls and pigs as intrusive. The rail ing and the low wall of the old home park had never been repaired since I saw it last. I con fess I was rather glad to recognise a certain slovenly air of unthrift ; it was so like old times. While thinking what might be done to improve the place, the people were gathering together. " The halt and the lame folk" came first; then the stout farmers and their comely wives and daughters. Joining in with'thostream of people I stood once more under theshadow of the porch. " The squire baint t' house : will you sit in his pew, sir, for you do seem a stranger ?" said the clerk. I followed him, though I required no one to guide me to the well-known corner, where my own initals were cut deep in the old oak in a dozen places; it had been a favoriteoccupalion with my brother and myself during the sermon. A mist came over my eyes when I looked around at the vacant seats. That had been my mother's place; there my father lhad sat-I think I see his high-bred but care-worn face; and close beside him used to be that bright young boy, whose half-suppressed mirth often called forth a reprimand from my gentle mother. I fell into a half-unconscious reverie, and caught myself at my old trick of counting the notches on the carved seat ends. The lights and sha dlows fell just as they did of yore ; there had been no "restoration fund " to mend or mar the interior of the old church. I missed the cheery voice of our old vicar-the present man had a peculiarly sad manner. I heard after wards that he was very unhappy in his family. The text or his sermon was, " I would not live alway." It seemed as if he was speaking to me individually, and the deep melancholy of his tone and words often haunt me now. I don't think the sermon was at all suited to his rustic congregation. judging by the profound slumber of some of my neighbors; but he had one at tentive listener, for he had struck a chord of sympathy in my heart which was singularly suited to my over-wrought feelings. The scuffle of many feet aroused me from my reverie; and while the clergyman was occupied in dis pensing " the twelve loaves and twelve shil lings" left by my grandfather's will " to the poor of the parish for ever," I walked round the thsrchyard; While I was looking at the memorials of the dead, Farmer Sellick came up. He looked hard at me, then exclaimed, " Why, if this bain't the gentleman wi' that there magic bottle ! Good morning, sir ; didn't expect to see you in these palrts; you be a stranger, sir ?" " Why, Sellick, don't you remember Master Frank, who drove the pigs into the hole in the West wood mead ?" " Lor', sir, and you be Mastdr Frank all this time, with a beard as thick as a furze-bush! Only think, I didn't know 30ou; nor your tricks! I am right glad to see you, sir ;" and with this he gave me a hearty hand shake. "A wonderful bottle that, was it not, Sellick ?" I observed laughingly. "There now, I might have known; but I told my missis about it, quite serious, along with all the rest of the science I had seen in Lunnon. But ITm main glad to find that it is a trick; I should be sorry to think that God Almighty allowed of anybody to look backwards and forwards into other people's private matter, without as much as 'by your leave,' or 'with your leave;'.business wvou!ld't hold together at that rate," (To be Continue?d.) 