VISITATION OF THE DIOCESE OF MELBOURNE, The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Melbourne held a visitation of so much of his diocese as is in the archdeaconry of Melbourne and Geelong, yesterday, at the cathedral church, St. James. The following priests and deacons were in attendance The Very Rev. H. S. Macartney, dean of Melbourne ; the Revs. F. C. Platts, R. Potter, E. Puckle, C. L. H. Rupp, W. Singleton, T. Smith, G. Studdert, S. Taylor, J. Shannon, G. O. Vance, B. S. Walker, J. Watson, G. Wilkinson, H J. Wilkinson, J. Y. Wilson, T. Abraham, C. P. Macan Bardin, J. Barlow, R. B. Barlow, W. Bean, M. H. Becher, C. Booth, S. L Chase. T. C. Cole, A. Cooper, R. B. Dickinson, W. Fellows, J. Firth, W. Floyd, J. Freeman, J. Fulford, J. Garrick, T. B. Garlick, J. Glover, G. Goodman, J. H. Gregory, W. N. Guinness, H. H. P. Handfield, R. Hayward, F. Hopkins, C. S. Isaacson, J. S. Low, J. Lignar, H. B. Macartney, jun" J, C. M'Cullagh, H. C. E. Morris, and C. S. Perry. The following clergymen did not answer to their names when called by Mr. W. E. Morris, the deputy-registrar Revs. J. E. Bromby, W. Hutchinson, W. Wood, and T. Sabine. Letters of explanation were received from the first two gentlemen, but no reasons were assigned for the absence of the others. Amongst the oqnerçsn.tir>ri Brosnan. was the issued Rev. the Lord Bishop of Sydney, Dr. Barker, who is at present on a visit to the Bishop of Melbourne. At 11 o'clock, the Right Rev. the Bishop, accompanied by the Very Rev. the Dean, and his two chaplains, the Rev. S. L. Chase and the Rev. G. Goodman, walked in procession up the church, and proceeded to the chancel, from where, after the Litany had been read by the Rev. M. H. Becher, the incumbent of the church, the bishop delivered the following charge to his clergy : "Beloved Brethren in the Lord, "Four years have gone by since I last addressed the clergy of the archdeaconry of Melbourne in this cathedral church. So much nearer have we all come to the close of our ministry on earth, and to the day when we must give an account of that ministry at the judgment seat of Christ. This is a solemn thought, which our meeting together to-day naturally suggests.. May it lead us all to reflect upon the past, and humble ourselves before God for our manifold known and unknown errors and shortcomings ! And may it make us all to resolve that we will, by God's grace, henceforth redeem the time, and consecrate ourselves more entirely to his service " Moreover the purpose for which we are met together is of a very solemn character solemn in respect to you, yet more solemn as regards myself. The duty which I have now to perform, of speaking to you ex cathedra upon a number of topics relating to your ministry, would always under any circumstances, be one of very grave responsibility. But at the present time, when so many momentous questions agitate men's minds, and so much strife of tongues and bitterness of spirit prevail, certainly among the clergy of the Church in England, and, I fear, to some extent among them in this diocese, I should shrink from undertaking it but for the fact that the Lord, the great head of the Church, has imposed it upon me, and for the assurance that He will, according to His promise to His apostles, be with me in fulfilling it. I trust I am not presumptuous in expressing a hope that the words which I shall now speak, whatever admixture of human infirmity they may exhibit, will be substantially such as the spirit of God puts into my mouth. Except for this confidence, I should not dare thus authoritatively to address them to you. " While, however, I myself have (as I think every servant of God, when fulfilling the duties of his office, ought to have) this trust in the Divine guidance, I do not ask you to receive every opinion which I shall express as indisputable. Listen to me as your bishop with respectful attention, and pay due deference to what I say, but do not so call any man master upon earth as to divest yourselves of individual responsibility. By the exercise of your own reason and conscience in the reading of the Bible, with prayer for the teaching of the Holy Spirit, ' prove all things, and then hold fast that which is good.' Let me, however, ask you to lift up your hearts to God, and, while I am speaking, pray that He will so bless my words as to make you all through their influence on your life and doctrine, more fully to set forth His praise and more effectually set forward the salvation of those committed to your charge. To-day I shall omit all mention of matters relating to the external condition and prospects of the Church, which may more properly be introduced into my address to the assembly of clergy and lay representatives to-morrow, and shall confine myself to such as peculiarly concern you, your ministry, and the mutual relation in which we stand toward each other. " During all the years of my episcopate, but especially of late, my thoughts have been much occupied with the severe trials of faith and patience to which, from their position and circumstances, many of the parochial clergy are subjected. These arise from various causes, and greatly differ, both as to their nature and intensity, in different cases. Some of them very little, if at all, affect the body of the clergy in this archdeaconry. But I am not therefore afraid "that you will regard the subject with indifference for you will feel that no one member of the body can suffer without all the members more or less suffering with it. The causes of the trials to which I now especially allude are the fourfollowing-first, the insufficiency and irregularpaymentof their stipends, whereby in several cases faithful and earnest ministers of Christ have been reduced to so great penury as scarcely to be able to procure the necessaries of life for their families ; secondly, an inability to provide a suitable education for their children, which naturally occasions great anxiety to parents, who know how much the character of a man depends upon the early training of the boy ; thirdly, their isolation from their clerical brethren, and often from all intelligent Christian friends capable of advising them in difficulties and sympathising with them in distress and lastly, the pressure of over much work, which is beyond their time and strength to perform. These trials of faith and patience are often, as I have said, very severe, and I deeply sympathise with those of my brethren who are called to endure them. But I would affectionately exhort them not to give way to discouragement and unbelief, or to distrust their Heavenly Father, who has said I will never leave thee orfoisako thee.' Especially I would caution them against seeking relief from their anxieties and difficulties in any way that is contrary to the mind and will of God. If a clergyman be suffering on account of an I inadequate and irregularly paid stipend, or be troubled because his children cannot be educated as he wishes, or depressed by the loneliness of his position, let him not therefore think that he may justly claim to be removed to some other CUTO where he shall be free from these causes of disquietude Let him remember that if he be removed, either the cure which he leaves must remain vacant or some brother in the ministry, perhaps equally sen- sitive with himself to these evils, must be appointed to his place. If, in the providence of God, the opportunity for removal be afforded him, he may rightly avail himself of it, but he should patiently wait in a submis- sive spirit for such an opportunity. Above all, a minister of Christ ought to take hood that he never push himself into any position, but always follow the guidance of God. For if he have not a confidence that the Lord has placed him where he is, he cannot depend upon the Lord being present with him in his work and if the Lord be not with him, he will find all his wisdom to be foolishness and his strength after weakness. On the other hand, if a clergyman be assured that the post which he occupies has been assigned to him by his Divine Master, then, however greatly he be tried, he can cost himself upon that Master for support and comfort. Let each, therefore-it may seem to some a hard saying, but speak advisedly be willing to suffer whatsoever of privation or anxiety the Lord appoints for him. Let him, if possible, avoid incurring debts. Let him commit his children, as well as himself, to the ' care of his Heavenly Father. Let him by his faithful, earnest preaching, his diligent pastoral visitation, his loving care for souls, commend himself to the consciences of his people Then shall he not fail in the end to experience the truth of the apostle's saying-' All things work together for good to them that love God.' (Rom. viii. 28.) How many soever, and grievous, and long-continued be his afflictions, the Lord shall deliver him out of them all, and in the end enable him to testify that goodness and mercy have followed him all his days. " The trial occasioned by the pressure of over much work, beyond their strength to perform, is that which the great majority of the clergy of this archdeaconry have to en- dure and it deserves our particular consideration not only from its painfulness toa tender conscience, but also from its tendency to harden the conscience, and produce' an in- sensibility to the spiritual condition of those who, while within a clergyman's parochial sphere, are practically beyond the reach of has ministry, Let me, therefore, ask your attention to a few observations upon it In the first place, every clergyman who has more ministerial work than he is able to get through must take heed lest the inability to do all that he wishes become unconsciously to himself the cause of not doing all that he can. This result, if it be not watched against, is very likely to occur. Whoever, therefore, of celshimself over- worked ought to be especially careful that he do not fritter away any portion of his time, but employ the whole thoughtfully and prayerfully to the best advantage. Again, every such clergyman should endeavour to do his work with a quiet mind, and not uselessly free himself on account of what he is compelled to leave undone. At the same time and this is most important he should beware of becoming gradually insensible to the trial, and ceasing to feel any pain from it. This would be for himself, as well as for his people, the worst consequence that could ensue and it is one so natural that only great watchfulness, with the grace of God, can prevent it. Many of you must be conscious how apt we are to put away from our minds, and practically make light of, the lamentable fact that, in all our thickly peopled town parishes, hundreds-in some thousands of grown up. in on- and women, professing members of our church, never attend its services, or are visited by its clergy. But it is a fact which we all, and especially you who have committed to you the cure of souls in those parishes, ought continually to reflect upon, and mourn over before God, praying that means may be devised for bringing, by F4 blessing, those neglected masses under fire- live ministerial influence. I am <-*{e' my brethren, that you all agree with "20 herein. Let me then ask you, -weary schemes for their spiritual benefit he proposed, not to suffer a reluctance to part with portions of your parishes, of a fear lest the importance of your own position may be lessened, to hinder you from giving such schemes your hearty Buppoi t. "Piora the trials of the parochial clergy I torn to their duties. In the observations which I shall offer upon these I do not aim so much to tell you anything now, as to stir up your pure minds by way of remembrance. First, then, I would remind you-for we all need to be continually reminded that the whole work of the ministry is comprised in the descriptive words of our ordination office, ' to teach and to premonish, to feed and provide for the Lord's family to seek for Christ's sheep that are dispersed abroad, and for his children who are in the midst of this naughty world, that they may be saved through Christ for ever. The object which every minister of Christ should have continually before "him is to bring all such as are committed to his charge unto that agreement in the faith and knowledge of God, and to that ripeness and perfectness of age in Christ, that there be no place left among them either for error in religion, or for viciousness in life. "Further, I would remind you that you cannot by any other means compass the doing of so weighty a work, pertaining to the salva- tion of man, but with doctrine and exhorts tion taken out of the Holy Scriptures, and with a life agreeable to the same. "At this time you have all special need to remember these things for on the one hand, success in the ministry is very commonly estimated by the largeness of a congregation, rather than by the evidences of a work of grace begun and carried on in the hearts of individuals and on the other hand, it seems to be thought by many that doctrine and exhortation out of the Holy Scriptures' are no longer the means to be used by ministers of Christ for the conversion of sinners, and the perfecting of saints. I would, therefore, my beloved brethren, solemnly warn all of you against falling into either of these errors. You may preach excellent morality ; you may extol the virtues of benevolence, mutual forbearance, and forgiveness of injuries ; you may set forth in glowing language the social blessings conferred upon mankind by Christianity, and hold out as an example unto your people the perfect character of the man Jesus. But all the while you may not convince a single sinner of his guilt before God ; you may not impart peace to a single sin- burdened conscience; you may not Strengthen a single believer for the conflict which he has to carry on with the world, the flesh, and the devil. For now, as formerly, the weapons of our warfare are not carnal.' Still, as of old, the Gospel, and the Gospel alone, is the power of God unto salvation. In this, the nineteenth century after Christ, as much as in the first, is there a necessity for preachers to resolve that they will know nothing in their pulpits save Jesus Christ, and Him crucified.' If you would save sinners, repentance toward God and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ' must be the subject of your sermons. If you would persuade the people of God to glorify him by their zeal and diligence in all good works, the motive which you urge upon them must be hismeiciesih'their redemption by his well beloved son. "Again, you may have large congregations and yet few, if any, spiritual worshippers in your churches. If people assemble themselves together for the gratification of the senses, or for any object other than the rendering of thanks to God for the great benefits received at his hands, the setting forth of his praise, the honouring of his holy word, and the asking from him of the things which they want for their souls and bodies, they are not likely to worship him in spirit and in truth. Almost surely will they, by calling upon him with their lips while their hearts are far from him, take his holy name in vain, and so aggravate their guilt in his sight. Perhaps, indeed, some so coming may receive into their hearts the arrow of God's word, and be constrained thereby to cry unto him for pardon and salvation : but they will be exceptional cases. The large majority of those who, Sabbath after Sabbath, thus profane the house of prayer, will have their con- sciences more and more seared by habits of formality and worldliness, and at last perish in impenitence and practical unbelief. If this description of a congregation, composed of ' lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God, sounds naTsh in your eaTS, say, my brethren, whether it is not a faithful representation of what you yourselves have seen and known. You cannot but acknowledge that it is. I therefore solemnly charge you to beware of using carnal means for carrying on the work of the Lord. I charge you to be- ware of attracting a congregation to hear fine music, and so turn the house of prayer into a place of public amusement. Music may rightly he employed by spiritual worshippers to show forth the praises of God, and, provided that it be adapted to that object, it cannot be too good of its kind. But it must be used to attract the worldly minded to our churches, to gratify the vanity of choirs, or to please the ears of a congregation, it is an abomination in the sight of God. Instead of promoting, it will greatly injure the progress of pure religion and piety among your people, and will impair, not increase, your ministerial efficiency. Trust, my brethren, to the simple, earnest, loving proclamation of the Gospel, to the diligent and affectionate pastoral visitation of your people, for filling your churches and increasing the number of communicants. In the use of these means you may be assured of God's blessing, and if He grant unto you to see a large attendance at public worship and at the Lord's table, you may have a good hope that those who are thus brought together shall prove your joy and crown of rejoicing in the day of the Lord Jesus. "Having spoken of pastoral visitation, I would express my earnest hope that you will all remember the obligation upon you, not only publicly, but also privately, to ad- monish and exhort as well the sick as the whole within your cures. I would not be thought to intimate that I regarded any of you as guilty of wilful negligence in this particular. I well know how impossible it is for you single-handed as you are, duly to fulfil all your various parochial duties. More especially is, it so with those who are called to take a share in the general business of the church. Nevertheless I may, I trust, without appearing to imply that you have hitherto neglected it, affectionately urge upon you the ampol since of faithfully fulfilling to the utmost of your ability this very important part of your ministerial work. Do not be content to leave it, as from the inadequate number of our parochial clergy it certainly is in many parishes left to the great injury both of ministers and people, almost altogether undone, but endeavour, by a methodical arrangement of your time, by not wasting it yourselves or allowing others to work it for you, to do all you possibly can for its due performance. Endeavour also to obtain the help of Christian laymen and women for carrying on a system of house-to-house visitation among those classes which usually are willing to receive their visits. Such lay-helpers will be of great assistance to you, not only by going as your representatives where you are unable to go in person, but also by communicating to you" cases where your presence is specially required. The difficulty of procuring suitable persons as visitors is doubtless much greater here than in England ; but they may be found, if clergymen are on the look-out for them. "In speaking to you of your duties, I must not omit to remind you, that, besides those of A ministerial character towards their people, parochial clergymen have others toward one another, toward the diocese, and toward the bishop. Clergymen of the same church ought especially to cherish brotherly kindness toward one another, and, as far as circumstances permit, cultivate a friendly intercourse among themselves. While, if there be necessity, they may advise, admonish, and even rebuke, they ought never hastily to judge, still less to speak evil of one another. They should endeavour to do each other good, to strengthen each other's hands in the Lord, and, above all, they should pray for one another. By the h abitnal exercise of a mutual kindly influence, and by constant mutual intercession at the throne of Grace, the clergy will most effectually help to preserve the Church from false doctrine, heresy, and that schism of which we have most reason to be afraid-a schism in their own body. Remember, then, my brethren, these duties which you owe to one another. "You owe, also, a duty to the diocese. Ova parochial system, preferable as we belief " to be, not only to the congregational ^rfJJJ. of the Independents, but also to the moral system of the Wesleyans, had? Jj**?T}* human institution, its peculin^'^vantages. One of these is, that it tends to isolate every individual clergyman and "as him look altogether on Six :'£Q thlDP' the benefit of his particular /-The "instead of. letting beyond those on the ""ngs of others, ex teudinrr-Ms sympathies to other parishes, and the selected parts of the diocese. This sel Anness for such in fact it is-injures, as all selfishness must injure, both the individual and the community. It is impossible nottopor ceive that the diocese at large greatly suffers from it sure I am, my brethren, that every parish where it is indulged suffers also. For in watering others we ourselves are watered. In doing good to others we ourselves receive good. Do not, therefore, in your natural anxiety for your respective parishes, forget your duty to the diocese at large. "You owe likewise a duty to the bishop and circumstances, which have occurred since the delivery of my Jost charge, oblige to speak to you concerning this also. From the great body of the clergy under my jurisdiction I have always experienced quite as much deference, and quite as ready a compliance with my advice and suggestions, as I could expect or desire. But there appears to exist in some of my brethren an apprehension lest, through allowing too much authority to their bishop, they should sacrifice their own rights. It is therefore important for you to consider what is really your duty to him and to yourselves. Now, besides the obligation which the law of the church imposes upon him, every parochial clergyman has, as you know, expressly pledged himself on two distinct occasions to submit to the authority of the bishop-first, at the ordination, when the question being put to those who are to be ordained, ' Will you reverently obey your ordinary and other chief ministers of the church, and them to whom the charge andgovernmentoveryouiscommitted,follow ing with a glad mind and will their godly admonition?' each replies, 'I will endeavour myself, the Lord being my helper;' and secondly, on being licensed to a cure when every clergyman takes the oath of canonical obedience as follows :-' I, A. B., do swear that I will pay true and canonical obedience to the lord bishop of-in all things lawful and honest. So help me God. What further obligation, then, has a parochial clergyman hereby incurred now he incurred any ? It has been alleged that this promise and oath only bind a clergyman to obey his bishop so far as a court of law, if appealed to, would compel obedience. But if this interpretation were correct, they would be altogether useless, and might at once be abolished. Unless they bind the conscience of a clergy- man to render to the bishop a deference and submission beyond that which the law en- forces, the bishop's authority is in no way strengthened by them. To me, however and I do not think the office which I hold influences my judgment it appears clear that they impose a much wider obligation, and that every clergyman is bound by his promise at ordination to follow the admonitions, and submit himself to the judgments of his bishop, unless he can conscientiously pronounce them to be not godly,' and that he is obliged by his oath to obey the bishop in all things, except such as are not lawful or not honest. I have no wish to assume any despotic power over the clergy, but I am anxious for them that they should in this matter keep a good conscience toward God; and I am anxious for the church, lest it should suffer injury from any evasion of the solemn engagement into which its ministers have entered with it I speak as to wise men, judge ye what I say.' "In the regulation of his conduct every man who sincerely desires always to do what is right, and never to do anything that is wrong, will throughout this life frequently be perplexed and troubled by questions of conscience, upon which he is unable to come to a perfectly satisfactory decision. This will happen to the ministers of Christ as well as to others and it will be the more painful to them, inasmuch as they are enjoined to be examples of the believers, and should therefore walk with the more weariness and circumspection. Whether they should take part in certain amusements, or be present at certain social gatherings ; whether they should promote particular parochial meetings, or sanc- tion particular modes of raising money for church purposes these are practical matters on which they are from time to time called to make up their minds, and as to which they may often feel much hesitation. It is not my intention now to speak of them in detail. Upon some I have already on various occasions expressed my sentiments. But, for the help of my younger brethren, I would give you this general advice, the result of much thought and long experience, upon the subject. Keep ever in mind the two sayings of St Paul All things are lawful for me, but all things are not expedient ; all things are lawful for me, but all things edify not (2 Cor. x. 23) and Whether therefore ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God ' (v. 21). After his example, and in obedience to his injunc- tion, consider not only the lawfulness but also the expediency of whatever is proposed to you and ask yourselves whether you can truly say that you do it for the glory of God. Beware, however, of laying down certain fixed and s for yourselves, and then regarding the questions to which they relate as finally settled. A thoughtful. man, as he acquires by observation and experience greater practical wisdom, will continually find occasion to modify his previous opinions, and alter his conduct accordingly. Such inconsistency may subject him to reproach or ridicule, but as it marks a growth in grace, and a clearer knowledge of the Divine will, no man of God ought to be ashamed of it. "I pass on now to topics of another character. In my last charge, delivered in 1860, I entered at great length into the consideration of various matters suggested by the then state of the churchin England, and by circumstances which had recently occurred in this diocese. Since that time the progress of events renders it the more necessary for me to enforce upon you the importance of recognising, and persistently acting upon, the principles which I then endeavoured to inculcate namely, that it is the duty of us all to render an honest unreserved submission to the authority of our church in all particulars upon which its judgment has been clearly expressed and mutually to tolerate the differences which exist amongst us upon those matters as to which either the church has pronounced no decision, or its language may fairly admit of more than one interpretation. If this principle be conscientiously maintained, and if the clergy will refrain from forming parties for the propagation of their several opinions, we may hope, hythe blessing of God, even in these critical times, when all the various forms of error and all the elements of strife so greatly abound elsewhere, to preserve i truth and peace among ourselves. May He who is emphatically the truth, and who is also the Prince of Peace, by that Spirit whom He has procured ferns from the Father, enable us, on the one hand, to contend earnestly for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints,' and, on the other always to exhibit that charity from which if we swerve we shall be in danger of turning aside unto vain jangling. Pray then, my brethren, pray fervently and continually for our beloved church, that the great captain of our salvation may frustrate the designs of Satan, and not permit him to prevail against it, either for its corruption or its dismember- ment. " Referring to the opinions which I expressed in my last charge upon the character of the music, the constitution of the choir, and the portion of the service to be sung in our churches, I would now repeat that, so far as the church authorises you to exercise your own judgment, I do not desire to impose mine upon you, but only ask you to give the subject your serious attention, and to seek the guidance of the Holy Spirit, remembering always the solemn account which you must hereafter give for the manner in which you use your discretion. As it appears from the joint opinion of Sir Robt. Phillimore and Dr. Stephen that a bishop has no authority to interfere except upon an appeal being made to him in some particular case, I have withdrawn my general order upon the intoning of any prayers or responses respecting which the alternative of saying and singing is not allowed by the rubric. But the further investigation of the subject has only confirmed me in the opinion that the Prayer Book does not authorise the practice and that, for as much as its lawfulness must be admitted to be at the least doubtftV. every parochial clergyman is bound in conscience, according to the evident meaning of the direction in the preface to the Prayer Book, to conform therein to the. injunction of his bishop. I would, theatre, again express my objection to W intoning, of such prayers and responses by the minister or the choir assume evening prayer, and to the chanting of the responses to the Com- amendment' in the Communion Service, and I would ask any clergymen who may differ from 22 "to my judgment' herein, to put to theirselves the question whether their oath A, obey their bishop in all things lawful and honest' does not oblige them to submit to it? " The further progress of controversy, both within and without the church, requires me to allude to some other matters on which, as appears to me, very dangerous practical errors at present prevail. Understand, my brethren, that it is with no assumption of personal superiority, but with a deep sense of official responsibility, that I address you upon them, trust among the questions on which it is necessary for every minister of Christ to be fully persuaded in his own mind, and to be able to convince gainsayed, is the importance of sound dogmatic teaching. _ Of the truths comprehended in the Christian religion some are confessed by all churches to be fundamental, a belief in them being essential unto salvation ; while others do not, so far as we can judge, directly affect our title as individuals to the inheritance of the saints in light, or our personal growth in grace and others again always have been, and appear likely always to continue, subjects of controversy between men whom we must not only acknowledge to be true Christians, but admire for their learning and ability. Hence, although we cannot allow that the distinction between truth and error upon any religious question is of trivial consequence, we shall do well, upon matters of subordinate importance, and those on which consent among the faithful servants of Christ cannot reasonably be expected, to avoid unprofitable controversy. We shall thus usually promote the well-being and extension of the church of Christ. In respect, however, to the essentials of Christianity, and to those doctrines which immediately affect the present holiness and peace, and the future salvation of individuals, a minister of Christ cannot without unfaith- fulness to his trust, allow his love of peace to restrain him from the plain declaration of the truth of the Gospel, and the fearless condom nation of any error by which it has been or is in danger of being corrupted. If it be asked, as it may be, how are those matters of doctrine which are thus essential to be distinguished from those which are of subordinate importance ? I answer, in every particular case on which we are called upon to form a practical decision, we must each for himself, by the study of the Scriptures and history of the church, by reflection, and by such help as we may be able to derive from the writings and conversation of wise and holy men, above all by prayer for the enlightening influence of the Holy Spirit, endeavour to arrive at a right judgment and then we must act upon our judgment. If we conscientiously, and with due pains, use these means for informing our minds, and regulating our conduct in each separate instance, we shall seldom, if over, greatly err. He who giveth wisdom to them to ask it from Him will guide us aright. There needs, however, that, on every question with which we are practically concerned, we should thus carefully and conscientiously form our judgment, and act accordingly. At this time, while some holding high positions in the church in England zealously labour to propagate doctrine which I hold to be contrary to the word of God and perilous to the souls of men, others, admiring their earnest- ness, are disposed to think lightly of their erroneous doctrine, and to depreciate all controversy respecting it. They would seek peace at the expense of of truth. I dread the consequence of this spurious liberality, this mis- taken charity. It has no warrant in the Bible. It is wholly unlike the charity of the apostles, and of all the eminent saints of God in later ages of the church. What does the Bible what does all ecclesiastical history teach us, but that the truth must be maintained and propogated by an unceasing controversy with error? Not only were Luther and Calvin, Cranmer, Ridley, and Latimer, and the rest of the re- formers of the 10th century controversialists, but so likewise were Athanasius and Augustine, and all the early fathers and so also were Peter and Paul, James and John. They not only proclaimed the truth, but they vehemently contendedagainsterror. Especially did they denounce those who taught false doctrine. In how strong language did Paul write of such to the Corinthians, calling them 'false apostles, deceitful workers, trans forming themselves into the apostles of Christ to the Galatians, pronouncing them to be ' accursed and wishing that they were even cut off !' How earnestly did he warn the Colossians against those who would beguile them with enticing words ' or spoil' them through philosophy and vain deceit, after the traditions of men, after the rudi- ments of the world, and not after Christ!' With what affectionate fervor did he exhort Timothy to keep that which was committed to his trust, avoiding profane and vain babblings, and opposition of science falsely so called :' adding, ' which some professing have erred concerning the faith. But why should I multiply references? Of one other passage only will I remind you, namely, that wherein John, the apostle whom Jesus loved, warned the elect lady' against receiving into her house any one who did not bring the doctrine of Christ. Do not, therefore, my brethren, depreciate the importance of sound dogmatic teaching. Do not make light of doctrinal error. No one who does so can be a faithful steward of the mysteries of God. "Apart, however, from the consideration of how we ought individually to judge of and to maintain sound doctrine, there is another question which, as it has of late provoked much discussion, we must not over- look-viz., what test has our church adopted wherewith to try the doctrine of its ministers, and how does it apply that test? This question, or rather these two questions, may, if we calmly consider the matter, be easily answered. First, the test which the" church has adopted to try the doctrine of its ministers is obviously the volume of its authors tative documents, its Articles of Religion, its ? Catechism, its Book of Consecration of Archbishops and Bishops and Ordering of Priests and Deacons, and the various services and offices of its Book of Common Prayer. A clergyman who, in preaching or teaching, affirms anything which is denied, or done anything which is affirmed in these documents, is thereby, in the judgment of the church, guilty of false doctrine. But with re " spect to all those matters (and there are very many upon which the church has not thus pronounced an authoritative opinion, he is free to exercise his own private judgment. To its laity the church allows a yet wider scope, for it requires from them at their baptism and confirmation no other profession of faith 1 than that which is contained in the Apostle's Creed. Herein consists the comprehensive- ness of the Church of England and God forbid that it should ever lose a character by which it is, in our opinion, so favourably dis ' tingnished from some other churches. But ! let us not forget that while comprehensive i it is also exclusive as to both its ministry and its communion, and that it shuts out from the one and the other all who transgress the limits which it imposes upon them. "Before proceeding, however, I must beg you not to understand me as though I intended to put the authoritative language of the church in the place of, or upon a level with the inspired Word of God. Such is not my meaning. Since the apostolic ago, the volume of the Scriptures has been the one only original source of all revealed truth, and the one final test of sound doctrine. As such our church expressly recognises it, affirming in the sixth article, that Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary to salvation ; so that whatsoever is not read therein, nor may be proved thereby, is not to be required of any man that it should be believed as an article of the faith, or be thought requisite or necessary to salvation. In accordance here- with, the church also requires its ministers to promise that they will out of the sacred Scriptures instruct the people committed to their charge. But you will remember _ that when a man applies for admission into the ministry of a particular church, he must be assumed to have previously satisfied himself of the substantial agreement of that church, both as to doctrine and mode of worship, with the Bible. He is therefore no longer at liberty to appeal from the church to the Bible. So long as he retains his office therein he must accept its dogmas and conform to its rules. Wilfully and persistently to teach contrary to the one, or to infringe the other, would be a violation of his ordination vows, for which he would be justly liable, according to the nature of the offence, to censure and punishment. Whosoever cannot conscientiously adhere to the doctrine and comply with the requirements of the church in which he ministers, cor. tainly ought not any longer to retain his" ministerial office., "But then the second question arises and' it is of the greatest practical importance viz., How does the Church apply this tosh of sound doctrine? The answer is, partly by its bishops, and partly by its ecclesiastical courts. Partly by its bishops in the discre- tion which it gives them as to the admission of persons to the order either of deacons or priests, and also in the authority which it' empowers and requires them to exercise in the admonition and exhortation of thooloroy A bishop is invested by the Church with the power of rejecting, according to his own sole judgment, any candidate for ordination If a clerk in full orders has been duly pre. sented to a benefice, the bishop may be com- polled by a court of law to institute him to it. But no court of law can compel a bishop to ordain a man whom he deems for any reason whatever to be unfit for the ministry. More. over, the Church both authorises and requires a bishop, not only by his own preach, ing, but also by calling upon and encou- raging others, especially the parochial clergy both privately and openly, ' with all faithful diligence to banish and drive away all erroneous and strange doctrine, contrary to God's word.' He, then, army parochial alway, man be, in the opinion of the bishop, guilty of teaching such erroneous and strange doctrine the bishop is both authorised and required in the manner that he shall judge best to admonish that clergyman of his error, and exhort him to correct it. To do this is his plain duty, and therefore should cover bore. garded by a conscientious clergyman as an unwarrantable interference with him in the fulfilment of his ministry. " But the bishop can do no more. As I have already noticed, he cannot at his own discretion refuse to institute a clerk who has been duly presented to a benefice in his diocese nor can he arbitrarily remove the incumbent of any parish from his cure. This can be done only by the judgment of an ecclesiastical court. Through these courts, therefore, it is that the Church, as occasion may require, enforces upon the beneficent parochial clergy conformity to its tenets. Oh these courts it depends both for delivering its people from unfaithful men, if any such have found an entrance into its ministry, and for protecting its faithful ministers from all injustice and oppression. Thus, my brethren, does the Church in the application of its test of sound doctrine, use partly its bishops and partly its ecclesiastical courts. " The responsibility of maintaining in a diocese sound doctrine on the one hand and a due comprehensiveness on the other, rests, therefore, in great measure on the bishop. He is answerable to the Church for not opening too widely, or shutting too closely, the door of admission into its ministry. If from a mistaken liberality, ho shrink from applying to every candidate for; holy orders the Church's test of doctrine, or if in his zeal for his own private opinions, he apply any other test than that which the Church prescribes, be equally incurs the guilt of an unfaithful ruler. So also if, while he honestly endeavours to fulfil his two. told obligation, be either misunderstands the test of the Church as to a particular doctrine, or misapplied it in the case of a particular individual, his error may be productive of much public mischief, and do a great private injustice. Against these evils the only security of the Church lies in the character of the bishop himself for diligence of investigation, a sound and unbiassed judgment, and a strict conscientiousness, and in the carefulness and impartiality of him and his chaplain in examining candidates for ordination. For myself I can say God is witness that my desire and endeavour have always been to discern and do that which is right ; but I am too well acquainted with the liability to error in mankind generally, and in myself in particular, for me to dare to allege that I have not often erred, both on the one side and on the other. May the Chief Bishop preserve his Church from any injury through my mistakes and infirmities, and may he enable me, while I continue in my high office, so to act that both the clergy and laity of the diocese may have a just confidence in my decisions, "Although it would obviously be impossible and unwise for me to attempt to enumerate all the particulars in which the Church requires its ministers, and in which therefore a bishop should require candidates for orders, to be sound in the faith, yet you may justly expect me, at this period of strife and division to declare plainly by what rule I have acted, and purpose still to act, in respect to those questions which now threaten to send to pieces the Church in England. This I am quite ready to do. Already, on various occasions, I have expressed my sentiments upon them, but I will now publicly and officially inform you of the course of conduct concern- ing them which I have laid down for myself. Before doing so let me remind you that I am not concerned about the tenets or customs of particular schools of theology, but only with the opinions held by particular persons coming before me either as candidates for ordination or (for the Church here has given me similar discretionary power with respect to them as applicants for clerical employment in this diocese. Let me remind you also that I am going to speak only of certain points of doctrine, upon which, as it appears to me, it is at the present time especially necessary for a bishop to endeavour to maintain among the clergy soundness in the faith. Among these are some on which the Church has expressed itself affirmatively, e.g., the divine authority of the Holy Scriptures as inspired of God, the vicarious sacrifice of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ for the sins of the world, and the personality and. godhead of the Holy Spirit. I cannot conscientiously ordain, or admit to the ministry in this diocese, any one who does not give me satisfactory assurance that he bona-fide holds, and will faithfully teach, these fundamental' truths of the Gospel. Again, there are others on which, as I conscientiously believe, the Church has with equal plainness expressed itself in the negative, e.g., the presence of the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ, in any sense whatever, in the bread and wine after consecration by the officiating priest at the administration of the Lord's Supper ; the offering of Christ to God, in any sense whatever, by the officiating priest, at that holy sacrament ; the practice, as distinguished from the occasional use, of confession to and the private pro- nouncing of absolution and the imposing of penances by a priest ; the addition of any ceremonial in public worship not enjoined,, or expressly permitted, by the Book of Com- mon Prayer. I cannot conscientiously ordain, or admit to the ministry in this diocese, any one who does not give me satisfactory assurance that he heartily approves, and will strictly adhere to, the doctrine and directions of the Church in these particulars. In the latter, as well as in the former case, no other qualifications, of whatever kind piety, zeal for God, amiability, genius-can compensate for an indistinctness or hesita- tion upon such vital matters. " My object at present is not to defend, but only simply state, the position which I have deliberately taken and, by God's help, intend to maintain for the preservation of the Church here from the false doctrine, heresy, and schism' now prevalent to a great ox tone in our fatherland. Herein I am responsible to God and to the Church and I trusty that I shall approve myself to Him and to it. I know that, how great soever care it may use, some men will deceive me, and so obtain ordination or admission into the diocese and that others, after they have been so ordained or admitted, will totally change their opinions and course of conduct. In such instances, when they occur, I am bound, so long as can cherish a hope that my admonitions will have any effect, to admonish clergyman or their errors, and endeavour to bring them into the way of truth. But if I am unable to convince or persuade them, I do not think that. I should do the Church any service by having recoursetolegalproceedings. Unless, therefore, I am specially called upon to interfere, I shall not in any case take further action. I shall prefer to commit the issue to the Lord in prayer, and in confidence that He will either deliver any who have thus terred sugar deceived from the errors into win or they have fallen, or in His own good to.- any way remove them. '' Our church has often been reproached with the existence of so much false doctrine in its ministry, but those who reproach us herewith should remember that false doctrine abounded also in the church of the. apostolic age; and that, while in their episUM the apostles earnestly contended against it, they did not, usually at least, cast out those who- held or taught it. If it ever should prevail among the clergy here as it now prevails among the clergy in England (which God forbid) we might still comfort ourselves W the saying of St. Paul-' There must be also heresies among you, that they which are approved may be made manifest among you. " Many topics of popular discussion affect ing the church, some relating to doctrine and worship, others to the constitution of the church, and others again to its connexion with or independence of the state, the support which it is entitled to from the public revenue, and the part which it should be permitted to take in the education of the people, are now forcing themselves upon our attention For arriving at a right conclusion concerning them, and for wisely advocating our mentions, there are required both much read 5s and thought, and prayer. We must take ; iCed that we do not form our judgments hastily nor enforce them too dogmatically upon others; but those which we have deliberately formed we should not shrink, whenever occasion may demand it of us, from avowing and defending. At present I shall only make some further remarks upon one, matter of doctrine, and briefly notice a few points of ritual. "I would preface what I am now going to sup with an earnest exhortation to you all, especially to my younger brethren, that you could always examine and decide every question concerning doctrine and worship by the authoritative statements of the Bible and Prayer Book; and, further, that you would judge of the character of every other book by its harmony in tone and feeling with these two. No other book Should ever be allowed to supersede these, or be regarded as authoritatively supplying any supposed deficiencies in them. All that others can properly do is to help us in understanding them, and in applying to practice the principles contained in them. For such imposes the works of learned men of all sizes will be very valuable ; but in the use of these, bear always in mind that if upon laying down the Bible or Prayer Book and taking up another book you feel yourself to have, as it were, passed into another region of thought, and to be breathing another spiritual atmosphere, such book is somehow radically wrong. You may not be able to detect any erroneous principle, or to point out what are its faults ; but if it do not har- monise with the Bible or Prayer Book, its influence cannot but be injurious, and the more so in proportion as it gratifies the tastes or scntimttitsof the natural man. This test will be found to condemn a very large portion of the religious literature both of our own and former ages and it especially needs to be applied to books upon the particular subject to which I now desire to direct your attention, the holy sacrament of the Lord's bup-, per. Upon the doctrine of tho Bible and Prayer Book concerning this ordinance every clergyman of our church at the present day ought to be fully persuaded in his own mind, and to take heed that the judgment which he has formed upon it is right. " On the false doctrine, which, to borrow the language of our homily, of the memory' makes this sacrament to be a sacrifice, and which for a spiritual presence of Christ in the heart of a believing recipient substitutes an unintelligible mystical presence of his body and blood in the bread and wine, has been built up all that hideous superstruc- ture of superstition and almost idolatry which now so grieves and alarms every intelligent simple-minded member of our church. Such deadly heresy, as I have already said, altogether unfit. a man for the ministerial office. But, besides and apart from it, there appear to prevail in England (and I fear that they may spring up and spread themselves) try mistaken. notions, derived, perhaps, from the language of some ancient writers, but certainly not warranted by the Bible or Prayer Book, I would therefore briefly remind you of what they say respecting it: First, we read in three of the gospels how our Lord Jesus Christ instituted this supper, in the place, as it would seem, of the feast of the passover, for the continual remembrance of the sacrifice of his death. Secondly, wo and, in the Acts of the Apostles, several apparent references to its observance under vine phrase, breaking of bread..' And 'time?, lil 1st Corinthians sugar fcffO remarkable passages, in which distinct mere' lion (the only such mention in the epistles) is made of it. One of these is in x., 10,17, and the other in xi., 20 to 34. In the former, the cup., described as the cup of blessing which we bless, is said to be the communion of the blood of Christ and the bread which we break to be the communion of the body of Christ ; whence we infer that the faithful receivers of the sacrament, in eating of Vlie bread and drinking of the wine, do verily and indeed eat together the body and drink together the blood of Christ in that spiritual sense in which our blessed Lord declares such eating and drinking to be necessary unto everlasting life (John vi., 53 to 68). From the latter, we learn that the institution of this ordinance was a part of the revelation made by the Lord Jesus to St. Paul, and preached by him to the Gentiles as a showing forth, or proclaiming (for that is the meaning of the word used, by the church of the Lord's death until His coming again. We, therefore, infer that it is obligatory upon the church in all ages, and generally necessary to salvation.' We learn, also, from this latter passage (the apostle is speaking of persons who ought to come to, not of those who ought to stay away from the Lord's table that it is a heinous sin for Christians to that of the bread and drink of the wine un- worthily,' so as not by the conscious exercise of faith to discern the Lord's body, thereby symbolised. Such persons the apostle declares to be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord, be., of doing dishonour to, putting a slight upon, the body of Christ broken, and the blood of Christ shed, as a sacrifice for the sins of the world. That he may notincursogreat guilt, every true believer is exhorted before joining his brethren in this common expression of their thankful remembrance of the death of Christ to examine himself, and so come to the Lord's supper with due reverence and faith. "All this our church teaches in its articles, its catechism, and its communion office. Both as to doctrine and to tone, in this as in other matters, the most perfect harmony sub- sists between the Bible and the Prayer Book. But there is nothing in either to justify the exaggerated language used by some of the early fathers, and lately adopted by certain modern writers. Nowhere, either in the Bible or the Prayer Book, is the Lord's supper spoken of as the central act of Christian worship the one chief means of grace, in comparison with which all others are of small importance; the one mode of spiritually feeding upon Christ. Nowhere is there an indication of any particular sanctity being attached to the place where it was eaten, or scene to the bread and wine used for the pur M SC. Nothing is said about the time or mode of its administration I should rather say of its reception infer, from what the Bible tells us, there would appear to have been no kind of- formal administration. Certainly there was no ceremonial, no ritual, no symbolic exhibition. All these things were superadded in later ages. They have no apostolic precedent, nor any sanction from the Prayer Book. The allusions in the Book of Acts, and the reasoning of St. Paul in those two passage of 1st Corinthians, contain all that the Bible tells us concerning this sacrament. In none other of St. Paul's epistles is it alluded to, nor is there any notice of it in those of James, Peter, John, or Judo. This silence respecting it is very noticeable, for if it had held the supreme place in the religion of Christ which is now frequently assigned to it, it could not have been thus passed over in theso.Divinely- inspired writings. If it had been, as some represent it, the chief source of spiritual wisdom, strength, and consolation to every Christian, the apostles could not have altogether omitted to describe its excellency and extol the benefits to be derived from it. If the doctrine of the writers I have referred to concerning it were apostolical, their writings and those of the apostles could not present in respect to it so remarkable a contrast to one another. Let me remind you, my brethren, of what I just now said that wherever such an incongruity exists, the doctrine of tho Bible must be right, and that of the book which does not harmonise with the Bible must be wrong. In this, therefore, and in every other matter, take the Bible and the Prayer Book for your guide. Preach and teach the obligation upon all Christians to unite in expressing their thankful remembrance of the sacrifice of the death of Christ in the Lord's supper. Preach and teach that all the faithful,' are., all true believers in Christ, do therein verily and indeed spiritually take and receive the body and blood of Christ, and that their souls are thereby strengthened and refreshed. But do W attach to it an unscriptural pre-eminence t ye other means of grace. Do not enforce >-/ the one thing needful. Do not give it (undue prominence in your sermons and a -vote instructions. Do not inculcate the necessity or propriety of receiving it fasting. If you do so teach your teaching will not be apostolical, for it will not be in accordance with the Scriptures will not be the teach- ing of the church, for it will not be in accordance with the Prayer Book. "Concerning points of ritual, I may repeat the substance of what I said in 1866 that the duty of a bishop is not unnecessarily to interfere with any established usage, or to insist upon an exact uniformity in immaterial particulars ; where it is necessary for him to interfere to declare what is according to his judgment, the law of the church, and to enforce obedience to it; to prevent so far as he is able any alterations in the accustomed mode of conducting Divine service which is neither expressly sanctioned by the rubric nor obviously expedient and lastly, not to notice in the way of reproof un- important irregularities. To these views I M til adhere; and, accordingly, with reference to various deviations from strict rubrical order, which I shall not particularise, I will only pay that I shall be glad if they can be corrected. There are, however, two practices which I have sometimes found adopted, and which as being novel and unauthorised, and also in themselves objectionable, I would request any of my brethren who have adopted them to discontinue. One is the reading of the offertory sentences and the giving of the blessing from within the communion rails after the sermon at evening prayer. These sentences being a part of the communion office ought not to be road except in their place in that office. And when a sermon follows morning or evening player without the ante-communion office, the preacher is not warranted in leaving the place when he has delivered it, but ought to conclude the service there. Another irregularity which I have heard of being committed, and which, although perhaps in ¡,oino particular circumstances excusable, might, if un- noticed, occasion offence, is the introduction into the service of special prayers. Such prayers, if there be cause for them, should be used either before or after sermon, in the pulpit. As bishop, I have assumed the authority of drawing up and allowing (not pre- scribing) the use of forms of prayer on particular occasions; but I am not sure that I am right herein. Certainly no parochial clergy- man is justified in so doing at his own discre- tion, by themselves these things are trifles, but in the present state of our church such trifles possess an adventitious importance; and it behoves you, my brethren, if you value ecclesiastical order, and union, to abstain from all manner of unauthorised innovations, "I must now conclude. I dare not, with the apostle Paul in his farewell address to the elders of the church at Ephesus, take you to record this day that I am pure from the blood of all. I would rather pray God, and I would pray you, to forgive me wherein so- ever I have offended against any. But I can truly affirm that, like him I exercise myself to have a conscience void of offence toward God and toward men, and I know, as you also know, that if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ, the righteous, and He is the propitiation for our sins. May we all enjoy the full consolation of this assurance. "In taking leave of those among whom he had so long served the Lord, St. Paul experienced a double sorrow-for himself, that he should see them no more, and for them, because he foresaw that after his departing grievous wolves would enter in among them, and that also of their own selves would men arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them. I thank God that I cannot look into futurity. I know not what God will do with me, or what shall happen unto this church, of which I have been so long the bishop. It may be that He will permit me to address you in this place again. It may be that he will forthwith summon me to give an account of my steward- ship. Let Him do what seemeth Him good. Again, it may be that He will, by the gracious influence of his Holy Spirit, purify the church in this diocese from all corruption, and heal it of all division ; or He may permit Satan to sow in it more and more the noxious seed of false doctrine, heresy, and schism,' so that it shall become in the eyes of all be- holders a field of tares. Beloved brethren, let us pray that He will be gracious unto us, and bless us, giving unto us that which is good, and preserving us from all evil. Let us ask of Him to give us grace seriously to lay to heart the great dangers we are in by the malice of the devil, and 'an unhappy division, which give him so great an advantage against us. Let us beseech God to take away all hatred and prejudice, field whatsoever else may hinder its IrOiB godly union and concord ;' that, as there is but one body, and one spirit, and one hope of our calling, one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and father of us all,' so we may henceforth be fall of one heart, and of one soul united in one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith and charity, and may with one mind and one mouth glorify God through Jesus Christ our Lord.' To him, and to the word of His grace, I commend you all be- seeching you to take heed unto yourselves, and to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which He hath purchased with His own blood, The Lord be with you all, evermore. Amen." 