THE TEACHER'S STORY. I have been accustomed, during a pause in the duties of the afternoon of the Lord's day, to go out into the street and seek to win some stragglers to the Sunday-school, and bring them in under the teaching of the Word, if, only for the hour which then remains to us. This day I was returning, after an unsuc cessful search, when I was attracted by a child, not far from the entrance, of the school-house. Her arms were interlaced in the palisades which surround the inclosure, and her pale face ? pressed against the iron work. A child, such as may be seen more frequently in the crowded haunts of our great cities than elsewhere, born amidst vice and disease, dwelling in some dark ceUar or hidden den, from which the light of heaven is excluded, as if it bore pestilence rather than healing on its wings. I have seen many children, and older persons too, in dirt and rags, but I never saw such abject wretchedness as was conveyed in that old-looking, wrinkled face and listless form before me. She seemed, in attitude and expression, to have neither interest nor lot in the life around her. I thought she might be about nine years of age, but I afterwards learnt that she was upwards of thirteen. I spoke to her, and asked her if she would come in with me, and hear the children sing. She shook back the long tangled locks of her sunburnt hair, and looked vacantly in my face, as if scarcely comprehending my question; but on my repeating the invitation, she followed me without a word. The little stranger sat silently listening to the hymn of the children, the simple discourse, and the few words addressed individually to the scholars. The school over, she departed; but on the morning of the following Lord's day, I found her of her own accord seated in the place she had previously occu pied. I know not how it was, I seemed to be used this day as I never had been used before; I felt myself a child speaking to children. The Holy Ghost was very present with us; tears were on the cheeks of many of the little ones ; I was myself so engrossed with my subject (the parable of the Prodigal Son) that it was only at the close of the address that I turned to glance at the new scholar. Her eyes were fixed eagerly on my face as she breathlessly drank in the words which fell from my lips. I proceeded to make the application of the parable, and she drew closer. and closer to my side, and, gathering up the hem of my dress, fold upon fold, she held it firmly clenched in her long thin fingers, as if she feared to lose me before she had heard the fulness of Gospel grace extended to sinners. Our parting hymn was sung, and the children went away ; but this child did not move. We were left alone. Then I spoke to her of Jesus, and made her repeat after me a simple prayer for the gift of God's Holy Spirit. She learned it more rapidly than I could have thought possible, judging from her unintelligent countenance. As she was leaving, I said to her, ' Will you come and see us again next Lord's day, and hear of the Good Shepherd, of whom I will tell you?' ' I dare not,' she replied. ' Father will beat me if I do ; he won't let me go to church.' ' But this is a school, not a church,' I suggested. ' It's like one, though; he won't let me come here; but I will come,' she added quickly, in an impetuous and determined manner. I tried to show her that obedience was the first step to wards the knowledge of Jesus, and that she must previously seek her father's permission ; and I offered to endeavour to ob tain it for her, if she would tell me where she lived. A gleam of satisfaction- crossed her face, and she minutely described the way to the street, and the cellar in which I should find them. Accordingly, during the week following I discovered their miserable lodging. The father of the poor girl was absent seeking for work, and the woman I found there, and whom I at first thought was her mother, reluctantly consented for the child to attend the school. I had scarcely taken my place the next Lord's day, when I the gaunt-looking little stranger again appeared. Her earnest attention and evident pleasure increased, as I went on to tell them of the lost sheep, and the love of our Good Shepherd to His wandering ones, who when He had found, He laid on His shoulders rejoicing. ' Again and again my heart rose in praise and thanksgiving to Him who had heard the voice of my prayer, and by thus guiding me to choose the safe path of duty already allotted to me, had bestowed on me the unspeakable privilege of leading this little stray lamb to the Saviour's feet. 'In the afternoon, my new scholar was again in the place she had chosen, silent and absorbed; but the next Lord's day I missed her. The week had nearly closed, when the woman with whom she lived called at my house, and told me the child was very ill; that she had taken a bad cold in the first place, from attending the school; adding roughly, 'You had ? better go and look after her.' I knew it was not likely to be true that her illness could be caused by her attending the school ; but I felt that even if it were so, it was well. Again I entered the miserable cellar, which these poor people called 'home ;' so dark was it that on leaving the daylight of the narrow street, all objects within were indistinct. The occupation of the family was that of rag-sorting. On a heap of the larger rags, which formed her bed (though the room itself had many other nightly occupants), lay my little stranger scholar, more wan and wasted than I could have imagined possible in the short time that had elapsed since we had parted. I approached her, and after waiting a few moments to see if she would recognize me, I spoke. She knew my voice, and motioned me to come closer to her, ex claiming in a shrill voice, ' Oh, come ! Come here; and tell me of Him !' ' Tell you what? of whom?' I enquired, wishing to discover if she had retained anything of the truth. She looked at me half reproachfully, puzzled at the possibility of my forgetting ?what I had taught her, and in a subdued voice she replied, ' Why — you know. Tell me of Him — that good gentleman that you called ' Jesus' !' Motionless she listened, with her eyes fixed on my face, while once more I opened to her the wondrous story of a Saviour's love to sinners, and how he came to seek and to save the lost. I pointed to the One Sacrifice for sins for ever — to the blood of the Crucified as full satisfaction for the sinner's guilt. I told her Satan and our. corrupt hearts would strive to induce us to accept anything rather than the offers of free grace and a Saviour's righteousness. The love of Jesus Christ to sinful men was the fountain of living water of which this poor wanderer desired to drink deeply; site longed to follow the Good Shepherd — site to whom the gospel of the kingdom had never before been preached, and who three weeks ago knew nothing of the treasures laid up for all who feel their lost and ruined state. Her vacant countenance brightened with intelligence, her very features seemed altered, while she j listened with increasing satisfaction to 'the good tidings of great joy,' Many might have marvelled at her indifference to all outward things, but it was not strange to me. She sought Life Eternal, and drank in the Lord's loving invitation to all, as one who heard Jesus passing by. (To be concluded in ow next.) The Eock in Hokeb. — The Eev. H. K Wollaston, incumbent of Trinity Church, Melbourne, makes an. interesting suggestion on this subject, in a letter to a morning contemporary. Dismissing as in the last degree improbable the theory of the Bedouins, that a loose frag ment of granite on the north- west face of Horeb is the rock from which the leader of the Exodus drew a miraculous supply of water, Mr. Wollaston continues : — ' On the north-eastern face of Mount Sinai (Jebel Sufsafeh), in the 'YVady Shubeib, at the head of which stands the convent of St. Catherine, and close to ' Aaron's Hill ' is a protruding mass of rock, about 50 feet in diameter, much water and weather worn, and presenting a smooth and striking appearance. It forms a portion of the solid granite cliff, which rises 1200 feet above it. In the lower part of this protuberance is a fissure of a semicircular or rather horse-shoe shape, about 4 feet long and 4 inches wide. Out of this fissure, inside which a small shrub is growing, runs a perpetual stream of the purest spring water, clear as crystal, and of delicious coolness and flavour, which, according to the testimony of the Arabs, has never been known to fail. When I found it, with a travelling companion, in the beginning of January last, the stream was small, as a drought was afflicting the land, but the dark green moss which clings to the rocks around seems to indicate the perennial character of the spring. The water thus flowing out of the very heart of the living rock of Sinai is received into an artificial basin, thence it descends to a suc cession of small and rudely-constructed terraces, where the Bedouins cultivate a few fruit-trees and vegetables ; and is ultimately absorbed in the gravelly hollow at the base of the mountain.' After suggest ing the irregularity in the ground which conceals this perennial foun tain from the usual camping-place under Sinai as the reason why so remarkable a spring in so remarkable a spot has been overlooked by such intelligent and trustworthy travellers as Eobinson, Stanley, Porter, and Tristram, he asks, 'Could this have been the real 'rock in Horeb' of the Scripture history?' adding, 'If Eephidim was situated some miles down the Wady Esh Sheikh, where Eobinson places it, and where from the sacred narrative it probably was, then Moses with the elders of Israel ascended Esh Sheikh to the ' Mount of God,' and there directly facing him, at the head of the valley, was this rock fountain, from which now, by God's command, he drew forth an abundant stream of water, which, pouring down the Wady, would in a short time reach the Israelitish camp at Eephidim.' 