ROLAND YORKE. BY THE AUTHOR OF " EAST LYNNE," PROLOGUE.-CHAPTER I. IN THE MOONLIGHT. THE scene of this prologue fo the story about to be written was a certain cathedral-town, of which most of you have heard before—the time close upon midnight. It was a warm night in the beginning of March. The air was calm and still; the bright moon was shedding her pure light with unusual bril- liancy on the city, lying direct underneath her beams. On the pinnacles of the time-honored cathedral ; on the church-spire, whose tapering height has made itself a name ; on the clustering roofs of houses ; on the trees of what people ore pleased to call the Park; on the river, silently winding its course along beneath the city walls ; and on the white pavement of its streets : all were sttepod in the soft and beauti- ful light of the Queen of Night. Surely at that late hour people ought to have been asleep in their beds, and the town hushed to silence! Not so. A vast number of men and women too, for the matter of that—wore awake and abroad. At least, it looked a good number, stealing quietly and in one direction along the principal street. A few persons, com- paratively speaking, assembled together by day- light, will look like a crowd at night. They went along for the most part in silence, one group glancing round at another, and being glanced at, back again : whether drawn out by curiosity, by sympathy, by example, all seemed very much as if they wore half ashamed to be seen there. Straight through the town, past the now law courts, past the squaros and tho good houses built in more recent years, past tho pavements and the worn highway, telling of a eity'B bustle, into the open country, to where a churchyard abuts upon a sido-road. A rural, not much frequented churchyard, dotted with old graves, its small grey ohurch standing in tho middle. Poople wore not buried thero now. On ono sido of tho churchyard, opon to tho sido way, the boundary hedge had disappeared, portly through neglect. The cntrauco was on the other sido, facing the city : and whore was tho UÍO of rais- ing up again the troddon-down hedgo, destroyed gradually-by boys and girls at play ? So at loast argued the authorities-whon thoy argued about it at all. Peoplo were not buried thero now ; and yot a grave was being dug. At the remotest corner of this opon side way of tho churchyard, so close to the consecrated ground that you could scarcely toll whethor they woro on it or off it, two men with torches woro working at tho nearly finished, Bhallow, hastily-mado gravo. A pathway, made porhaps of custom moro than of plan, led right ovor into tho churchyard-if any careless person chose to enter it by BO unortho- dox a route-and tho common sido-road, wido enough to admit of carts and other vehiclos, crossed it on the oxact spot whero tho gravo was being dug. So that a spectator might havo said the grave's destined occupant was to Ho in a cross-road. Up to this spot carno tho groups, winding round tho front hedgo silently, savo for that in- evitable hum which attonds a number, their footsteps grating and shuflling on tho still air. That there was somo kind of rovorenco attaching to tho feeling in gonoral, was proved by tho ab- sence of all jokes and light words ; it may bo almost said by tho absenco of conversation alto- gether : for what little thoy said was Bpokon in whispers; Tho open spaco boyond tho gravo was u kind of common, stretching out into tho country ; so that thero WÜB room and to spare .for theso peoplo to congrogato around, without pressing inconveniently on tho sides of tho shal- low grave. Not but what ovory soul wont closo to give a look in, taking a longer or shorter time in the gaze as curiosity was slow or quick to satisfy itself. The men throw out the last spadeful, patted the sides woll, and ascended to tho lovel of earth. Not a minute too soon. As they stamped thoir feet, like mon do who havo booti in a cramped position, and put their tools away back, tho clock of the old groy ohurch strucK 12. It was a loud striker at all times ; it sounded like a gong in the stillness of tho night, and a movomout ran through (he startled spectators. With tho first stroko of tho clock, thoro carno up a wayfarer. Somo traveller who had missed his train at Bromsgrove, and had to walk tho distance. Ho advanced with a jaunty though somewhat tired stop along the highway, and did not discern the crowd until closo upon thom, for the road wound just there. To say that ho was astonished would bo saying little. He stood still, and stared, and rubbod his eyes ; almost questioning whethor tho unusual Boono could bo real. "What on earth's tho matter?" demanded he of some one noar him. " What docs it all mean ?" Tho man addrcssod quickly turned at tho qucs- 1 tion, and recognised tho spoakor|for Mr. Richard Jones, an inhabitant of tho town. At least he was nearly sure it was ho, but ho know him by sight but slightly. If it was Mr. Jonos, why this same crowd and commotion had to do -with him, in one sonso of the word. Its cause had had a great deal to do with his home. " Can't you answer a body ?" continued Mr. Jones, finding ho got no reply. " Hush !" breathed the other man. " Look thero." Along the middle of the turnpiko-road, on thoir way from tho city, carno oight men with measured and oven tread, bearing a collin on their shouldors. It was covorod with what looked like a black cloth shawl, whoso woollon fringe was clearly disccrniblo in tho moonlight. Mr. Jones had halted ot tho turning up to tho churchyard, whero ho first saw tho assembly of people, consequently the men bearing tho coffin, whose heavy tread and othorwiso silent presence seomed to oxhale, a kind of unploasant thrill, passed round by Mr. Jonos, nearly touch- ing him. " What l8 it ?" ho ropeatod in a fow seconds, nearly wild to havo his understanding enligh- tened. " Don't you BOO what it is ?-a coûln, It's going to bo buried in that thero cross gravo up yonder." " But who's in tho coffin ?" " A gentloman who diod by his own hand. The jury brought it in solf-murdor, and so ho's 'got to be put away without burial service" " Lawk a mercy !" oxolaimed Mr. Jones, who though a light, Bhallow, unstablo man, given to make impromptu excursions from his home and ?wife, and to spend too muoh monoy in doing it ?was not on tho wholo a bad hoartod ono. " Poor gentleman ! Who was it ?" " Ono of thom law-men in wigs that come in to tho 'sizes." Mr. Jones might havo asked more but for two reasons. Tho first was, that his neighbor moved awoy in the wake of those who wcro beginning to press forward to seo as much as they could got to seo of tho closing ceremony ; tho next was, that in a young woman who just then walked past him, ho recognised his wife's sister. Again Mr. Jones rubbed his oyes, mentally ques, tioning whether this second vision might be real. For she, Miss Rye, was a steady, good, superior young woman, not at all likely to como out of her homo at midnight after a sight of any sort, whothor it might bo a burying or a wedding. Mr. Jones really doubted whothor his sight and the moonlight had not ployed him false. Tho shortest way to solvo his doubt would have beou to accost the young woman, but while he had been wondoring, she disappeared. In truth it was Miss Rye, and sho had followed .the coffin from whonco it was brought, as a vast many moro had followed it. Not mixing with them ; walking apart and alone close to tho houses, in tho deep shade cast by their walls. She was a comely young woman of about soven-and-twonty, toll and fair, with steady blue eyes, good foaturcs and a sensible countenance. In deep mourning for her mother, she woro on this night a black morino dress, soft and fine, and a brack Bhawl trimmed with crape, that she held closely round her. But she had disappeared ; and amidst so many Mr. Jones thought it would bo useless to go looking for her. A certain official personago or two, porhaps doputics from the coroner, or from tho parish, or from tho undertaker furnishing the collin and tho two sets of bearors-who can toll ?-whoso mission it was to seo tho appointed proceedings oarried out, cleared by their hands and gestures a spaco around the grave. Tho pcoplo fell bock obodiently. Thoy pressed and elbowed each other no doubt, and grumbled at others crush- ing them ; but thoy kept themselves back in their places. A small knot, gcntlemon evidently, and probably friends of tho deceased, were allowed to approach the grave The grave-dig- gers stood near, holding the torches. But for thoso flaring torches, the crowd would havo seen better : thoy saw well enough, howovcr, in the bright moonlight. In tho churchyard, having taken up his sta- tion thoro behind an upright tombstone, whero tombstones wero thick, stood an officor connected with tho police. Ho was in plain clothos-in fact, nobody remembered to havo seen him in other ' ones-and had como out to-night not officially but to gratify himself personally. Ensconced behind tho stono, away from ovorybody, ho could look on at leisuro through its upper fret- work and take his own observations, not only of the eoremony about to bo performed, hut of thoso who wero attending it. Ho was a middlo sized, spare man, with a palo face, dcoply sunk greon eyes, that had a habit of looking steadily* at people, and a small, Bharp, turned-up nose. Silent by nature and by habit, ho imparted tho idea of possessing a vast amount of astuto keenness as a detector of crimo; in his own opinion ho had not in that respect an equal. Nobody could discern him looking on, and ho did not intend thoy should. Amidst a dead silence, savo for the creaking of tho cords, amidst a shiver of sympathy, of pity, of awful thoughts from a great many of tho spectators, tho black .covering was thrown asido and tho coffin was loworcd. Thero was a general lifting off of hats ; a pauso ; and thon a rush. Ono in the front rank-a fat woman, who had fought for hor place-stopped forward in her irrepressible curiosity to toko a last look inside tho gravo j another followed her ; tho movement was contagious, and thero was a rush. Upon whioh the men holding the torches swopt them round; it threw out tho (lemo rather dangerously, and tho rushers drow back again with a holf cry. Not quito all. A few, moro adventurous than tho rest, slipped to tho safer side, and wero in time to read tho inscription on the lid : "JOHN OLLIVERA. AGED 23." Short enough, and simple enough, for the Bad death. Only a moment after 'tho cords woro drown away did it remain visiblo; for tho gravediggers, flinging their torchos aside, throw in tho earth, spadeful upon spadeful, and covorcd it up from sight. Tho shallow gravo was soon filled iut; tho gravediggers flattened it down lcvol with spades and feet : no »ceremony accorded, you see, to such an end as this poor man had made. Bo- foro it was quito accomplished, thoso officially connected with the burial, or with the buriod, left tho ground and departed. Not so tho mob of peoplo ; they stayed to seo tho last ; and would hare stayed had it been until morning light. And they talked freely now, ono with another, but wero orderly and subduod still. Mr. Jones stayed. Ho had not mixed with tho people, but stood apart in tho churchyard, under tho shade of tho great yow-tree Soon ho began to inovo away, and carno unexpectedly upon tho defectivo officer standing yot behind the gravestone Mr. Jones halted in surprise " Halloa !" cried he. " Mr. Butterby !" " Just look at them idiots !" rejoined Mr. Butterby, with marked composure, as if ho had seen Richard Jones from tho first, and expected the address. "So you aro back !" ho added turning his head sharply on tho travollor. " I come in from Bromsgrovo on my legs ; missed the last train tliero," said Mr. Jones, rather addicted to a freo-and-casy kind of grammar in privato life : as indeed was tho re- nowned gentleman ho spoko to. " When I como up hore and see the folks, I thought tho world must bo gono mad." " Did you come back on account of it ?" asked Mr. Butterby. " Did they write for youP" " On account of what ? As to writing for mo thoy'd bo clover to do that, seeing I left 'om no address to write to, and havo been going about from placo to place ; to«day thoro to-morrow youdor." " On account of that," answered (ho detective, nodding his head iu tho direction of thovgravo. to which tho mon woro then giving tho last finishing strokes and treads of flattening. To Mr. Jones' ear thero was something BO ob Boure in tho words that he only stared at tho speaker, almost wondering whether tho gravo officor had condescended to a joke " I don't undorBtand you, sir." Mr. Butforby saw at onco how tho mattor stood : that Dioky Jones-the familiar titlo mostly accorded him in tho city-was ignorant of recent events. " The poor unfortunate man just put in there" -with another nud to tho grave-"was Mr Ollivora, tho counsel, Jones." " Mr. Ollivera!" exclaimed tho startled Jones. ." And ho took his life away at your house." "Lawk a meroy !" oriod Mr. Jones, repeating his favorito oxpreBsion, ono hjo was addiotcd to when ovewholmed with surprise. " Whatever did he do it for?" " Ah, that's just what we can't toll. Perhaps ho didn't know himself what." " How was it, sir ? Poison ?" " Shot himself with his own pistol," briofly responded tho ofiiocr. " And did it knowingly ?-intentional?" " Intentional for sure, or ho'd not have boon put in thero to-night. They couldn't havo burriod a dog with much less ceremony." "Well, I novor know such a thing as-this," I cried Mr. Jones, scarcely taking in tho nows yet. " When I went away Mr. Ollivora hadn't como ; ho was expected ; and my wife Halloa !" Tho causo of the concluding exclamation wns a now surprise, as great as any the speaker had met with yet. Mr. Buttcrby, his keen eyes strainod forward from their enclosed dopths, touchod him on tho arm with authority, to en- join silence. Tho young woman-it would bo no ofïbnco against tasto to call her a lady, with hor good looks, her good munnora, her usually calm de- meanour-whom Mr. Jonos had recognised as I his wife's Bister, bud como forward to tho gravo_ Kneeling down, she bent her face in her hands, porhaps pruying ; then lifted it, rose, and seemed about to address the crowd. Her hands were clasped and raised before her ; her bonnet had fallen back from her faco and her bright flaxen hair. ' " It is AllethaRye, isn't it, sir ?" ho dubiously cried. " Hold your noise !" said Mr. Butterby. " I think it would bo a wickod thing to let you 'disperso this night with a falso belief on your minds," bogan Miss Rye, her clear voico sound- ing loud and distinct in tbo hushed silence. " Wicked in the sight of God ; unkind and un- just to the dead. Listen to my words, pleaso, all you who hour mo. I believo thut a dreadful injury has been thrown upon Mr. Ollivoru's mo mory ; I solemnly boliovo that ho did not dio by his own haud. Heaven hears me assort it." Tho solemn tono, tho Btrange words, tho fair appcarauco of tho young woman, with hor good and refined faco, deathly palo now, and tho moon- light playing on her light hair, awod tho I listeners into something Uko stntucB. Tho silonco continued unbroken until Miss Ryo moved away, which BIIO did at once and with a rathor quick stop iu the direction of tho road, pulling hor bonnet on hor head as sho went, drawing her shawl round her. Even Mr. Jones made neither sound nor movement until sho had disappeared, so entire was his astonishmont. " WBB thero ovor hoard tho Uko of that ?" ho exclaimed, when ho at length drow breath. " Do you think sho's off her head, sir ?" Ho roccived no answer, and turned to look at Mr. Buttcrby. That gontlomau had his note- book out, and was poucilling something down in it by moonlight. " I novor seo such a start as this-take it for all in all," continued Mr. Jones to himsolf and the air, thus thrown upon his own companion- ship. " And I'd not swear that you'vo seon tho last of it," remarked Mr. Butterby, closing hisnoto casc with a click, aud returning it to his pockot. " Woll, sir, good-night to you," concluded Mr. Jonos. " I must mako my way homo aforo tho house is lockod up, or I BIIOII got a wigging from my wife. Suro to get that in any caso, now this has happened," ho continuod, ruofully, " Sho'll say I'm always away when I'm wantod at homo in particular." Ho went lightly onough ovor tho graves to tho opposite and moro frequented side of tho church- yard, thus avoiding the asscmblago ; and took his departure Thero being nothing moro to see, tho peoplo began to take thoirs. Having garod their fill at the grave--just as if tho silent, undcinonstrativo earth could givo thom back a responso-thoy slowly mudo thoir way down tho sido-path to tho high road, and turned towards the city, ono group after another. By 1 o'clock tho last straggler had gone, and Mr. Butterby carno forth from his post behind tho sheltering gravestone. Ho had his reasons, perhaps, for remaining behind tho rest, and for wishing to walk homo alono. Howovorthut might be, ho gavo their progress a good margin of space, for it was ten minutes past 1 whon ho turned out of tho churchyard. Ho had just gained tho housoB, whon ho saw be foro him a small knot of peoplo em ergo from a sido-turning, as if they had not taken tho diroct route in coming from the heart of tho city. Mr. Butterby recognised ono or two of thom, and Whisked irdo a friendly doorway until thoy had passed by. Letting them got on well ahead, ho turned back and followed in thoir wako. That thoy woro on their way to the gravo appeared ovident : and tho aeuto officer wondered why. A thought crossed him that possibly thoy might bo about to tako up what had been laid there. Ho went into tho churchyard by tho front gate, and mado his way cautiously across it, keeping under the shadow of tho groy church walls. Thence, stooping as ho crossed tho open ground, and dodging bohind first ono gravo then another,.ho took up his former position against tho high Btono. Thoy were ut tho gravo now, and ho began to deliberate whether, if his thought should provo correct, ho should or should not officially interrupt their proceedings. Getting his eyos to the fretwork of tho stone, Mr. Butterby looked out. And what ho saw struck him with a surprise equal to any recontly exhibited by Mr. Jones: ho, tho experienced polico official, who know tho world so thoroughly as to be surprisod at little or nothing. Standing at tho head of tho gravo was a clorgy man in his surplice and hood. Four mon wcro grouped around him, ono of whom held a lantorn BO that its light foil upon tho clergyman's book. Ho was beginning to road tho burial-servico. They stood with bowed heads, thoir hats off. Tho night had grown cold, but Mr. Butterby took off his. " ' I am tho resurrection and tho lifo, saith the Lord : ho that bolievoth in mo, though ho woro dead, yot shall ho livo : and whosoever livcth and boliovoth in mo shall norer die.' " The solemn words, doubly solomn at that timo and placo, carno distinctly to tho official's cars. Perhaps in all the times ho had heard thom dur- ing his wholo lifo, many and many that it had bcon, thoy had norer so improsscd him. But habit is Btrong ; and Mr. Buttcrby found him Bolf taking observations oro tho psalm had woll commenced, ovon whilo ho was notioing how heartily the alternate verses were given by tho Bpoctators. Threo of them around tho grave ho rocog nised ; tho other one and the clergyman ho did not. Of thoBO throe, one was a tall fino man of forty yoars, Kone, tho barrister ; the next WBB a cousin of the deceased, Frank Grcatorox, whom Mr. Butterby only know by seeing him in tho inquest-room, whore ho tondored sonio slight ovidouco ; tho third was a gentloraan of the city. Neithor tho clorgyman nor tho ono who held the light did Mr. Butterby romembor to havo seen before Tho elder and other cousin of the doceasod was not present, though Mr. Buttorby looked for him ; ho had been the prin- cipal witness on tho inquest-Mr. Bedo Grcat- orox. The officer could but notico also how singularly solemn, slow, and impressive was the clergy- man's voico as ho road thoso portions of tho ser- vice that roloto moro particularly to tho deceased and the faith in which ho has died. " In sure and certain hopo of tho Rosurroetion to eternal life" Ho almost modo o pauso between each word, as ii ho would impress on his hearers that it was his own belief tho deceased had so died. And agaiu, " Blessed are the dead which dio in tho Lord." And, towards tho ond, in tho col- lect, in tho besoeching prayer that when wo do part this lifo wo may rest in Christ, " ns our hope is this our brothor doth." It was not to bo mistaken that tho clorgyman at least hold firm faith in the nbsonco of guilt of the deeeasod in regard to his own death. As indeed tho reading of tho service over him proved. . With the Arnon of tho concluding bonediction, thero ensued a siloneo ; ovory hoad was bowed in prayer. Tho clorgyman was tho first to look up. Ho waited until tho rest did. " Allow mo to say a word ero wo depart," ho began then, in a low tono ; which novortholess quick-carod Mr. Buttorby distinctly caught. " From tho bottom of my heart, I beliovo a foul doed of murdor to havo boen committed on my good and dear brothor. It shall bo the business of my lifo to endeavor to bring it to light, to clear his nnino from tho cruol Btain pronounced upon it ; and my wholo timo, npart from what must ho spent in my appointed dutios, shall bo dovotcd to it. So holp mo Heaven !" "Amen!" roBpondod tho young man who Btood by Mr. Kene.. " So ! ho's tho deceased man's brothor," was Mr. Buttcrby's commont on tho clorgyman, as ho saw him tako off his surplico und roll it up. Blowing out tho light in tho luntern, thoy silontly took their departure. Mr. Buttorby watched them away, and then finally took his, his mind in full work. " Just tho sumo thing that tho girl, Allotha Rye, Bnid ! It's odd. I didn't seo any doubt about the business : in spito of what Kene said at tho inquest; neithor did tho coroner; and I'm suro tho jury didn't. Dicky Jones waa right, though. Toko it for all in all, it's tho queorcat «tart wo'vo had '4in this town for many a day." CHAPTER II. UP TO THE MONDAY EVENING. On tho Saturday previous to tho events re- corded in tho last chaptor, the cathodral city had been tho sceno of unusual bustle Tho judges carno in from Oxford to hold tho Spring Assizo, bringing in thoir wako tho customary multiplicity of followers: attendants, officers, barristors, and othors. Scuno of tho witnesses in tho difforont cases to bo tried, civil and orimi. nal, also carno in that day, to remain until thoy should bo wanted tho following wcok : so that the town was full. Amidst tho barristers who arrived was Mr. Ollivora. Ho was a young man ; and it was only tho second timo ho had como on cirouit. Aftor leaving collogo ho had travelled a good deal, and also sojourned in different foreign countries, acquiring legal experience, and did not toko up his profession at homo as oarly as some do. A fresh-colored, pleasing, bright looking mau was ho, bia curly hair of a light auburn, his eyes bluo, his figure elastio and of middle height. All tho world liked John Ollivora. Ho was essentially of a praotical nature, of sound Bcnso, of pure mind and habits, holding u rovoronce for all things holy ; and in ovory respect just the last man who could havo been suspected of u tendency to lay violent hands on himself. Ho had written to secure his formor lodgings at Mr. Jones' in High-street, and procoeded to them at onco on arriving at tho station. It was tho third time ho hod lodgod there. At tho previous assizes in July ho had gono thoro first ; and tho wholo of tho month of October, during tho long vocation, ho had boon thoro again, having friends in tho town. So that this was tho third time Ho got in botwoon 6 and 7 on tho Saturday evening, Ordorod tea and two mutton chops, which woro got for him at onco ; and thon went out to puy a visit to a lady who lived within the precincts of tho cathodral. Sho was a widow ; her husband, Colonel Joliflb, having died about a year boforo, leaving hor with a Blonder income and three oxponsivo daughtora. During tho colonel's lifetime thoy had lived about two miles from the town in good stylo; but a great part of his moans died with him, and Mrs. Jolill'e took a small houso in tho city and liad to retrench in all ways, which was a groat mortification to tho young ludios. To this ludy's houso Mr. Ollivora took his woy whon his frugal tea-dinnor was over. Ho spent a couple of hours with thom, and thou returned to his rooms and got out his low papers, over which ho romoinod until 12 o'clock, when ho wont to bed. Ho occupied tho drawing-room, which wus on tho ilrst floor over (ho Bhop, and looked to the street ; and tho bedroom behind it. On tho following day, Sunday, ho attonded curly prayers in tho cathedral at 8 o'olook, staying to parUko of the Sacramorit, ond also tho later sorvico at 11, when tho judgos and corporation woro prcsont. In tho afternoon ho attended the cathedral again, going to it with tho Miss Joliffos ; dinod at homo at G, which wus nlso Mrs. Joliffe's dinner hour, and spent tho oveuing at her houso. Mrs. Jonos, his laudlady, who hod a vast amount of shrewd observation-and a shrewd tongue 4oo on occasions, as well as a .harp ono-gavo it as hor opinion that ho must bo courting ono of the Miss Joliffos. He had boon with thora a littlo in IIÍB few days' sojourn at tho July assizes, and a great deal with them during his stay in October. On Monday morning tho trials comnionccd, and Mr. Ollivora, though ho had no causo on, was in court a groat portion of tho day. Ho lolt ¡tin tho afternoon, tolling Mr. Kone that ho had an appointment for half-past 3, a disagroo ablo commission that had boon entrusted to bim, ho added, and must go and koop it. About half-past 4 ho appeared at his roon» ; Mrs Jonos mot bim in tho hall, und spoke to him as ho wont up Btuiri. Whon his dinner was sent up at 5, tho maid found him buriod in a hoop of law papors. Hastily olearing a spaco at ono ond of the tablo, ho told her to put tho dinner there. In loss than half an hour tho boll was rung for the things to bo taken awoy, and Mr. Ollivora waB thou bending over his papors again. Tho papers no doubt related to a causo in which ho was to appear tho following day.. A civil aotion, touching somo property in which Mrs. Joliffo was remotely though not actively interestod. Tho London solicitors woro tho good old firm of Greatorex and Greatorex ; Mr. Ollivora was a relativo of tho house ; nephew of old Mr. Greatorex, in fact ; and to him lind been confided tho advocacy of tho cause Tho namo of tho local solicitor it doos not signify to men- tion. It was not a very important couso ; but u now bnrrister thinks all his causes important, and Mr. Ollivora was an earnest, pninstuking, mun, Bparing himself no' trouble that could con- duce to success. Ho had declined a proffered dinner cngngomont for that evening, but uc coptcd an invitation for the next. So much was known of his movoments up to tho Monday evening. On that samo ovoning Mr. Bodo Groutorox arrivod at tho station by the 6 o'clock train from London ; took a Hy, and was driven to tho Slur and Garter Hotol. no was tho son of old Mr. Greatorex, and tho second pnrtuor in tho firm. His journey down bud refcronco to tho next day's aotion : somothing now bud unoxpootodly arison ; somo slight information boon goinod of a favorable nature, and Mr. Greatorex, senior, had despatched his son to confer with Mr. Olli- vora in profcronce to writing or tolegrnphing. Bede Greatorox was nothing loth, and ontored on his flying journoy with high good humor, intending to bo back in London by tho following mid-day. Ho was a fine-looking mun, not un- like Mr. Ollivora, oxcopt that his hair and eyes woro dark, and his comploxion a olear, palo olivo ; his ago about thirty-four. Tho cousins woro cordial frionds. On arriving at tho Star and Garter, ho do clincd refreshment then, having taken an early dinner bofore loaving town, and asked to bo directed to Mr. Ollivora's lodgings in High-strcot, which was readily done, High-strcot boing in a direct lino with tho hotel. Mr. Bodo Groutorox gained tho houso, and found it to bo one of com- modious proportions, (ho lower purt occupied tis a hosier's shop, whoso windows woro of pluto glass. Ovor tho door in tho middle was in- scribed " Richard Jonos, Hosier and Patent Shirt-front Makor." Thero was a sido ontranco, wide and rathor handsome ; tho houso ultogo thor boing a good ono. Ringing at tho sid* boll, ho enquired of tho servant who ausworcd it for Mr. Ollivora, and was at onco BIIOWU up to him. Mr. Ollivora was seated at tho tablo, his back to the door. Tho papors ho had bcon engaged upon wcro neatly Btuckcd now, as if dono with ; ho appcarod to be writing a noto ; and a pistol lay at his elbow. All this was shown both to Mr. Bodo Greatorex and tho maid, by tho bright light of tho moderator lamp, thon lighted. " Well, John !" cried tho visitor, in a gay, laughing tone, boforo tho girl could speak. " Don't bo surprised at seoing mo." Mr. Ollivera turned round at tho voico and evidently was surprised : surprised and ploasod. " Why, Bcdo !" he cried, starting up. " I'd as soon havo oxpeoted to seo a ghost." Thoy shook hands heartily, and Mr. Bodo Greatorox sat down. Tho maid, to save coming up again to usk, took tho opportunity of inquir- ing when Mr. Ollivera would like tea ; and wus answorod that ho might not want any; if ho did, ho'd ring : ho might bo going out. As tho servant shut tho door sho hcurd tho visitor bogin to explain his errand, and that his futhor had Bent him in prefcronco to writing. In about an hour's time Mr. Bede Groutorox departed. A young man bolonging to tho houso, Alfred Jones, who happoncd to bo pussing up the stairs whon Mr. Greatorex was quitting tho drawing-room, heard that gontloniau moko un appointment with Mr. Ollivera for the morning. Mr. Bodo Greatorex walked back to the hotol, ordorod a Uro mudo in his bedroom ngainst night, took a glasB of brandy-and-wator, for ho folt cold, washed tho travelling dust off his fuco and hands, which ho had not dono boforo, bud his coat brushed, and wont out again. It was 9 o'clock then, and ho bout his stops quickly to- wards tho cathedral to call on MrB. Joliffo, hav- ing to inquire (ho way. It took bim through High-strcot again, and as ho pusBod his cousin's lodgings, tho samo servant who had shown him in was standing at tho front- door, recognised bim and droppod a curtsey. In tho drawing-room with Mrs. Joliffo woro hor throo daughters, Louisa, Claro, and Mary ; somo throo or four frionds woro also assomblod. Thoy woro astonished to BOO Mr. Bodo Grout- orox : nono of thom know bim woll, excopt Louisa, who had paid a long visit to his fathor's houso tho provious yoar. Sho changod color when he was announced : and it may havo boon that his voico took a tondoror tono IIB it ud droBscd her ; his hand lingorcd longor in clasp- ing hers than it need havo done. She was an oxcossivoly fashionablo young lady : not vory young, perhaps six or sovon-and-twenty : and if Bcdo Greatorox covotod hor for a wifo it wus to bo hoped bis pockets wcro well lined. Ho spoko just a word to Mrs. Joliffo of having como down on a mission to Mr. Ollivora ; not stating ex- plicitly what it wus ; and said ho was going buck homo in tho morning. "Wo uro oxpocting Mr. Ollivora boro to-night," obsorvod Mrs. Joliffo. " Ho is lato." " Aro you ?" was tho reply of Mr. Greatorox "John said ho might bo going out, I remem- ber, but I did not know it was toyourhouBo. Don't make too suro of him, Mrs. Joliffo. Ho scorned idle, and complained of hoaducho." " I suppose ho is busy," remarked Mrs. Joliffc. " All you law people uro busy at asai/.o limo." " LOUÍBU, is it us it should bo betwoon UB ?" whispered Bede Groutorox, in an opportunity that ocourrod when thoy woro alono nour tho piano. " Don't bo silly, Mr. Greatorox," was tho an- swer. "Silly! You know that you havo ontored into a doliborato ongugomont with mo ; that you govo mo ovory hopo. Speak, Louisa ?" Ho had takou possession of her hand, and was kcoping her boforo him ; his durk eyes, gloaming with thoir doubt and lovo, looked straight into hers. " What ?" sho faintly askod. " Why do you question it ?" " Becuuso your mannor is strango : you havo avoidod mo ovor Binco I carno in." " Tho surprise was BO groat." " Suroly a pleasant surprise I intondod it UB suoh. Do you Bupposo I should havo carod to como down on this businoBs to Mr. Ollivora, whon writing would havo anBworod ovory pur poso ? No : I carno to BOO you. And to loam why-" " Not now. "Don't you soo mamma is look- ing at mo?" " And what though she is ? I should havo ' likod to speak to your mother to- night, but for-" "Not to-night. I pray you, not to-night. Tako anothor opportunity," Tho words reassured him. " Thon, Louisa, it is all right botweon us." "Yos, yos. You ofl'oudod mo, Bede, last January, and I-I havo been voxod. I'll writo to you as soon as you got buok homo, and ox plain everything." Ho prossod hor hand with a lingering touch, and then roloasod it. Thoro WUB nothing in tho(wido world so coveted by Bodo Greatorex as that false hand of hers : as many things, fair outside, falso within, aro covotcd by us poor mortals, blind at tho best. But Miss Joliffo looked half scared as she loft him for a safor part of tho room ; her oyos aud manner wero aliko restless. At a quarter to 11 Mr. Bodo Groatorox took his departure. In passing his cousin's lodgings, on the opposite, sido of tho way, ho momentarily halted and Btoppod off tho pavomont as if ho would havo crossed to go in ; and then hesi- tated, for tho sitting-room wus in darkness. " The light's out ; he's gono to bed, I dare- say," said Mr. Groatorox, speaking aloud. " No good to disturb him." And a tradesman, who huppenod to bo fastening his sido-door, and had got it about au iueh open, overheard tho words, Mr. Greatorex having doubtless boen quito unaware that ho spoko to an auditor. Towards the top of High-street ho met Mr. Kouo, the barrister. Tho latter, after express- ing some surpriso at seeing him, and assuming ho had como direct from Mr. Ollivera's, asked whothor the latter was in. " In, and in bod," replied Mr. Groatorox. " Indeed ! Why, it's not 11 o'clock." " At any rate, there's no light in his room, or I should havo gone up. Ho complained of headuche j perhaps ho has gone to bod eorly to Bloop it off." " I want to soo him particularly," said tho barrister. " Aro you euro ho is iu bod ?" " You can go und aseortaiii, Keno. Ring tho people of the houso up, should thoy have gouo to bod too. I could seo no light anywhore" Mr. Keno did not oaro to ring peoplo up, and decided to leave his businoss with Mr. Ollivora until tho morning. Ho had been dining with sonio follows, ho said, and had no idea how tho time was running on. Linking his arm within that of Mr. Groatorox, thoy walked together to the Star, and thoro parted. Mr. Groatorox wont up at once to his ehambor, Btirrod tho fire into a biuzo, rang for the waiter, and ordered another glass of hot hrimdy-aud wator. " I think I must havo taken cold," ho ob- served to tho mun when it wus brought to him. " Thoro hus boen a chill upon mo over sinco I como hore" "Nothiug moro likoly, sir," roturnod tho waiter. "Thom trains aro such draughty things." However, Mr. Grcatorox hoped ho should ho all right in tho morning. Ho gavo directions to bo called at a quarter boforo 8, and tho night/ woro on. Some timo boforo that hour chimed out from tho cathodral dook whon tho morning had como, ho found himself aroused hy a knocking at his door. A waitor, speaking from tho out sido, said that something liad happened to Mr. Ollivora. Mr. Bede Greatorex, thinking tho words odd, and not best plooscd to bo thus summarily disturbed, possibly from dreams of LOUÍBU Jolliffu, called out from the downy pillow (in rather a cross tono, it must bo confessed) to know what had happened to Mr. Ollivora ; mid was answorcd that ho was dead. Springing out of bed and dressing himself quiokly, Mr. Grcatorox went down stairs, and found that Keno, wiio had brought tho news, was gono again, leaving word that ho had gono back to High-street. Mr. Greatorex-hastcnod to follow him. Tho talo to bo told was very (ungular, very sod, and Bede Grcatorox could not holp shiver- ing as ho heard it. His cold wits upon him still. It oppourcd that nothing moro had been scon or heard of Mr. Ollivera after Mr. Groutorox left him tho previous ovoning. Mrs. Jones, tho mistress of tho house, had gone out at 7, whon tho shop cloBod, to sit by tho bedsklo of a dying relativo ; hor sister, Miss Rye, was also out ; tho maid loft in chargo, tho only sorvaut tho houso kept, had takon the opportunity to epond ?hor timo in tho street; standing now at her own door, now at othor doors half a acoro yards off, us alio could got neighbors' servants to gossip with. About half-poBt 10 it occurred to tho maid that sho might as woll go up and onquiro if Mr. Ollivera wanted anything ; porhaps tho fact of his not having rung at all struck hor as singular. She know ho had not gono out, or sho must havo soon bim, for BIIO had contrived to koop a tolorably Btcady look-out on tho street-door, howovor far BIIU had wandered from it. Up sho wont, knocked at tho door, got no answer, opened' it, and found tho room in darkness : a s uro proof that Mr. Ollivora had loft tho room for tho night, for ho never put tho lamp out iu any other case. " no's gono to bod early to-night," thought tho girl, shutting tho door again. " I hopo to goodness ho didn't ring, and mo not hoar it. Wouldn't missis fly out ?" And whon Mrs. Jones carne in, as sho did soon after tho girl gol down Blairs nguiu, and onquircd uftor Mr. Ollivora, BIIO was told ho had gouo to bed. Now it appeared that Miss Ryo Bat over the BÎtting-room Aro (a parlour behind the Bhop, un dorneath Mr. Ollivora'a bod-room) for some timo uftcr tho rest of tho houso had retired to rest. When at length she wont to bed, sho waB unable to sloop. Towurds morning sho droppod into u doze, und was awakened (according to hor own uccouut) by a dream. A vcrj vivid dream, that sturtlod und unnerved her. She dreamt sho BOW Mr. Ollivora in his sitting-room-dead. And, us sho Boomed to look at him, n terriblo amount of self-reproach, far greater than any BIIO could ever experience in life, rushed over hor mind, for not having gono in ourlicr to dis- cover him. It was this fooling that awoko hor : it had soomod that ho oust it on her, that it cunio out direct to her from his dcud proseiieo, cold and lifelosB though ho was. So real did it all appoer, that for soino minutos lifter Miss Ryo awoko, sho could not holiovo it to bo only a dream. Turning to look at hor watch sho saw it was half-poBt 0, and tho' sun had risen. An oarly risor alwuys, for she hud to got hor living by dross- making, Miss Ryo got up and dressed horsolf : but she could not throw off tho iwprcs sion made upon hor ¡ aud a little boforo 1 sho wont down and opouod tho door of Mr. Olli vora's flittiug-room. Not so muoh to soo who thor it might bo .truo, or not, as to show to her self by ocular demonstration that it was not (ruo ; sho might forget tho impression then. But it was true. What was Miss Rye's hor- ror and astonishment at seeing him, Mr. Olli- vora, thero ! ' At tho first raomont of opening the door, she obsorved nothing unusual. The whito blinds were down before tho windows ; tho chairs und other furniture wcro as customary; but as sho stood looking in, sho saw in any easy chair near tho tublo, whoso back was towards her, tho houd of Mr. Ollivera. With a strange bouuding-on of all hor pulses ; with a dread fear at hor boort, that caused it to ocaso beat- ing, Miss Ryo went in and looked at him and thon flow out of the room, uttering startled cries. ' Tho crios aroso tho house Mrs. Jones, the young mun Alfred Jones, and tho servant-maid carno Hocking forth : tho two former were nearly dressed ; tho maid hud boon ubout her work down stairs. Mr. Ollivora luy buck in tho easy chair, dead and cold. Tho right arm hung down over tho side, and immediately underneath it on tho carpet, looking, ns if it had dropped from tho hand, lay tho discharged pistol. Tho sorvantnnd Alfred Jonos ran two ways : tho ono for a doctor, tho othor to Mr. Kono tho bnrristor, who hud been intimnto with Mr. Olli- vora; Mrs. Jonos, a shrowd, clover woman, locking tho room up exactly as it wus, until thoy should nrrivo. Mr. Butterby, who wus ubroad botimes, hap- pened by a singular coincidence to meet tho run- ning servant-maid, and 'wus first on tho sceno. Such was tho account that greeted Mr. Bcdo Greatorox whon ho arrived. On the table, just as both ho and tho servant had Been thora tho night boforo, wcro tho neatly stacked law papers. Also a foldod legal docu mont thut^hud boon brought from town by him solf, Bed»' Greatorox. Thoro were also pens, ink, and a sheet of noto-puper, on which somo lines woro written. Thoy wcro ns follows : " MY DEAR FRIEND,-It is of no uso. No- thing more can bo done Should I novor seo you ugtiin, I beg you once for all to beliovo mo whon I say that I havo mado efforts, though thoy havo boon ¡iiofi'ootual. And whon "Tho pistol is ready to my hand. Good-bye" Tho first portion of this lottor, up to tho point of tho abrupt breaking off, was written in Mr. Ollivora's usuul stoady hand. Tho latter portion was scrawling, trembling, and blotted ; tho writing bearing but a faint rosomblunco to tho rest. Acute Mr. Butterby remarked that it wus just tho kind of writing an agitated man might pon, who was about to commit an ovil deed. Thoro was no cluo as to whom tho note had boon intended for : but it appearod to point too ovidcntly to tho intention of solf-dostruction. Novortholoss thoro was ouo at least who doubted. " Is it so, think you ?" asked Mr. Kene, in a low tono, as ho stood by tho sido of Bodo Grout- orox, who was meohunicully turning over tho papers on tho tablo ono by ono. * " Is it what ?" asked Bede, looking up, his tone sharp with pain. " Solf-doBtriiotion. There novor lived a man loss likely to commit it than your cousin, John Ollivora." " As I should havo thought," returned Mr. Groutorox. " But if it is not that, what olso can it bo ?" "Thoro is ono othor possible solution, at loast : putting any idea of accident aside" Tho supposition of accident had cot oocurrcd to Mr. Greatorox. A gleam of surprisod cheer fulnoBS croBBcd his face " Do you indeed think it could havo boon an accidont, Kono ? Thou-" "No ; I think it could not havo boon," inter- rupted tho hurristor. " I said putting tho idea of that nsido : it is tho most improbablo of any. I alluded to tho othor altornativo." * Mr. Greatorox uudorstood his moaning, and shrunk from its unplousuntnoss. " Who would harm Ollivera, Kono ? Ho had not an onomy in tho world." " So fur tis wo know. But I declaro to you, Greatorox, I think it tho moro likely thing of tho two." Bede Greatorox shook his hoad. Tho facts, BO fur as thoy woro yet disclosed, eoomod decisivo and unmistakable They ptiBSod into tho bod-room. It was all just as tho servant had left it tho past ovoning, ready for tho occupation of Mr. Ollivora. On a small table lay his prayer-book, andthopookot Bihlo ho was wont to curry with him in travelling. Bodo Groutorox felt ti suddon fnintnoss stoul over him as ho looked, mid leaned for a fow momonts against tho wall. Ho went out enquired for tho tolograph office, and sont a moasago with tho nowB to town, Boftoning it as woll OB circumstances allowod : as wo all liko to do at first when ill nows hus to bo told. Ho simply staled that John (tho familiar namo Mr. Ollivora was known by at homo) had died suddenly. Tho messogo brought down his brothor, Frank Greatorox, somo hours later. To say that tho town WOB thrown into a com- motion almost equal to that of Mrs. Jones* houso, would bo suporlluous. A young barristor, known to many of tho inhabitants, who had como in with thojudgos only on Saturday | who wus to havo lad in a cause in tho Nisi Prius Court on that vory morning, Tuosday, and to bo junior in another causo sot down for Wodnosday, in which Mr. Kono, tho oxporioncod and ro nownod QUOOH'B Council, lod, had been found dead! And by such a douth! It took tho publie by storm. Mrs. Jonos' shop waB bo Biogod to an extout that flho had to put up hor shutters! High-street was impassablo: and all thoso in the remotest dogreo connected with the deceased or with the circumstancos, woro fol- lowed ubout und stured at as though thoy wero wild animals. Fivij hundred conjectures woro luuarded and spokou : Uvo hundred tales told that had no foundation. Porhaps tho bottor way to collect the various ¡toms of fact togothor fn» tho reader, will bo to transcribo somo of tho i idóneo given boforc tho coroner. Tho inquest was fixod to take plaeo on tho Wodnosday morning, in tho club-room of au inn lying con- veniently near. fra lit CONTINUED.] TOOTHACHE, accordiug to tho London Lancet, oan bo cured by tho following procuration of carbolic acid 1-To ono drachm of collodium add two drachma of Culvert's carbolio acid. _ A . golutiuous mass is precipitated, a small portion of which, insertod in the cavity of an aobing tooth, invariably givoB ¡inmediato roliof. RuuuAUli.-An oxchuugo says : " As" soon as rhubarb is out of season, tho soil botwoon tho plants should be hoed to break tho crust of tho surfaco and kill woods, a muloh or top-dressing of rioh manure should bo applied, and tho plants bo allowod to throw out loaves and rccuporato for tho ensuing season. The lato crop of leaves should not bo gathered. Thoy should bo allowed to romain until withorcd by ago, and thon to lie over the roots all winter to protect thom from alternate cold and beat. Plants treated in this way will bo strong and vigorous next year. 