3Lorai & General Jietos. THE ENTERTAINMENT AT THE ODD-FELLOWS' HALL. THE third of these pleasiug Entertaiuments took place on Wednesday evening last, and judging from the large' and attentive audience assembled, they seem to be increasing in popularity. After the Overture by the Band, Miss M. King played an Operatic Selection from Fra Diavolo, on the' piano, with great taste and precision. Mr. B. Wood then sang " We may be happy yet;" and being encored, gave another song, of a comic nature ; both were enthusiastically applauded. We must congratulate Mr. Wood on the manner in which he renders facetious songs. Mr. Congdon then read with considerable effect, a comic selection in verse, about a ridiculous wager, which was well received throughout, and warmly applauded at its conclusion. This was followed by Mr. G. C. Compfcon's song " My pretty Jane." Mr. Coinptou has a well-trained, though not powerful voice, and his song was a treat to the audience. Mr. Loane followed with a humorous reading, and after him came Mr. Morris with a song, which, as is usual with this clever and versatilegentleman's performances, was rapturously encored. Mr. Targett then read a selection from the Ingoldsby Legends, " The Execution," which was well received by the audience. In the second part, Mrs. Oliver sang " Floating on the Wind," with great taste and feeling; the music is by Glover: it was received with great applause. Mr. M. Samson read one of Mrs. Caudle's Curtain Lectures, in his usual effective c tyle, and the Misses King followed with a duet entitled " Early Spring Tide," and an encore being demanded, gave " Mabel," both pieces were received with marked favor. Mr. Oliver then followed with an original composition entitled " Belsbazzar." This was a descriptive prose piece of considerable power, and evidenced much thought and painstaking labour. The gentlemen mentioned above, came forward again during the second part, and were all equally well received. We must not forget, however, to mention Mr. Howson, who sang the old favorite "The Slave Ship," and as an encore the popular comic ditty " Have you seen the Ghost," ia a manner and style worthy of the reputation he so deservedly enjoys. The quartettes, owing to the indisposition of ohe of the gentlemen yeho was tohave sung, were unavoidably omitted. The Rev.", J. Johnston presided over the meeting. At the con- - elusion of the proceedings Mr. Newman proposed a vote of thanks to the performers which was 'carried by acclamation. The. National Authem finished the proceedings. Ax accident which might have been attended with serious consequences happened on Monday last. As Mr. E. S. James, of the Freemasons' Hotel, was driving his carriage from Fremantle to Perth, he met a loaded dray, the driver of the dray not allowing sufficient room for the carriage to pass one of the wheels was knocked off and Mr. James thrown out. The horse dashed off at a furious rate and was stopped in front of Mr. Brigg's, at the half-way house. No further dapaage was done. " My dear," asked John* on observing new striped ho6e on his only heir, " why have ypu made barber's poles of Ernest's legs ?" " Because he is a little shaver," was the reply. 