CHAPTER XLII. One of the most favourite of the evil phrases of the critic runs as follows:-" This story has been hurried to a conclusion;" and we are quite aware, under ordinary circum stanccs, that such a remark would not be -wholly inapplicable to our present narrative. But then we submit that the being swept away en masse by a buret reservoir does really hasten the disposal of one's dramatis persona most uncommonly. Suppose,^ for instance, the critics themselves had been feastmg that sad night on the river Curlew, ! as they loften do at Greenwich-which per haps accounts, in one or two of them, for i just the least tinge of biliousness in their : reviews-suppose, I repeat, they had been j assembled at "the Cottage," discussing some whitebait, let us say, which had been dis ? covered in the mill stream above, what would have saved even them- let alono a respectable, but humdrum county family like the Blackburns-from being "hurried to a conclusion?" The author, of course, would have risked his life in. the attempt to pre BOfTO his friends and patrons; he, like Beaton, would have thundered down the npon any quadruped or biqyde whioh 'OUuiiiited means might have enabled him -toipvB hired. But unless the whole of the exbeHoat oompxay had happened to oome out,like Ellen, into the garden to take air (aa is sometimes .necessary after whitebait), what could have been done for them? It wosld have been aoiis& for'thie poor fellow to-how shall, I write it?-holloa. "When did critic ever jpay the least attention to an author's cries? The whole " biling" of than, if any one may use so vulgar a term in speaking of so sacred a subject, would hare instantly been swept to their allotted places in Paradise. Perhaps, being of a more ethereal construction *T>»n our commonplace tenants of the Fishery, they would, not have beendibbled into the rose garden, but have been carried down stream with the tocks and trees in a manner shocking to think of, so mutilated, perhaps, that the representatives of the Saturday Review, for instance, could scarcely be discerned from those of the Pall Mall Gazette. The sub jeet is too frightful to dwell upon; but we repeat it might have happened; and in that case would a surviving critic, when noticing some agreeable stoiy founded on the catas trophe which had befallen his brethren, venture to say that it was " hurried to a conclusion?" Thus much of apology we think it right to make for having caused the funeral- baked meats, as it may have seemed, to fnrniali forth the marriage tables. But has fled, if wo have taken no count of it, since that fatal night \ though Stanhope and Lucy had married and quitted 13norian<i within six months, at least a year elapsed before John Denton was wedded to his F.lton, lu Mrs, Blackburn they found no obstacle to their engagement, now that her Willy had been snatched away from her : she never had had any real objection to it, except in so far as it seemed to militate against her son's pros pects; and indeed the young Engineer had, out for that, been always a favourite with her. And he deserved to be so; though she never knew how deeply she was indebted to him, she felt grateful for the tender solicitude with which he endeavoured to soothe her declining days, and perhaps even for the reticence which his courteous delicacy used with respect to those weary eighteen months of unjust exile he had suffered partly at her hands; but she never guessed that for her sake he had hidden a secret in his \ own breast, and kept it to the end, a secret 1 hint of which would have brought her grey hairs with more than sorrow to the grave. At present, next to the loss of her son's life, what grieved her most was that his body had not been recovered, or rather, that it had formed one of that score of undistin guishable victims of the catastrophe whom not even their own mothers could have known. She had not even the sad consola tion of feeling that her boy lay in the neighbouring vault with the rest of liis long line of ancestors, and that one day which was not far ofij for she only survived old Anthony two years-she should be laid beside him. Thanks to her grandson-in-law, she was spared a far more terrible woe. Denton, of course, had been one of the chief witnesses at the inquest, and among : the dreadful incidents of which he had been the spectator was the identification, or the attempt at identification, of the victims of the flood. Now, there was one body-that of a female-which, although totally unin jured, remained unidentified to the end. It was recognised by a widow in Mosedale in humble circumstances, who let lodgings, as having been a tenant of hers for a few days, but she neither knew her name nor where she came from. The features were strange to all who looked upon them-except one man. Denton alone knew that it was no other than Mrs. "William Blackburn-poor Bess; and instinct, stronger even than his sense of justice, bade him hold his peace. There was much talk about this particular incident, for the case was very peculiar : this body had not been hurried down the j river, like the rest, but was found in the | reservoir itself, when the waters had drained ! themselves away; and, moreover, it was the opinion of the doctors that death had | i occurred some days before the general i catastrophe. It was supposed that the unhappy woman, whoever she was, had 1 j gone up to that desolate moor, and there j [ committed suicide. And in this idea Denton himself had at first coincided. It seeined j [ to him, who knew her timid nature well, I probable enough, that, being deserted by her j husband-for it was now evident that his | story of her having died at Formosa was false-she had ventured to come into the neighbourhood, perhaps with the hope of even yet winning him back to her, perhaps only with the fond desire of looking at his newly acquired greatness afar off; and that then having heard, as she was certain to do, of his unprincipled courtship of Lucy Waller, wretchedness and despair had caused her to commit self-destruction. Bat after wards it was his lot to hear from Mrs. Blackburn's own lips-how little she knew with what horror they were filling ;-a circumstance which convinced him that her son had been a guiltier wretch than even he had deemed him. She was talking, as she took that grim pleasure in doing, which may bo noticed in all persons of her class, ef the terrible events which had. deprived her of son and husband at a blow; and Ellen, striving to evade the isubject, had used some common place about the terrible unexpectedness of the calamity, when Mrs. Blackburn said: " Nay, Ellen; it may have been unexpected; but now that it has happened, I may tell you both that it did not come without warning I mean without another sort of warning than that which John gave us; for I my self had a message from the Dead." Then she told them how she had seen the ghost of Bess in Redmoor Firgrove, and how, since she knew it boded ill to the Blackburn race, she had revealed it to her Willy. " Then that accounts," said Ellen gravely, ] " for poor Uncle William's strange behaviour i in that very wood when we were moving to j the cottage;" and she narrated-of course ! omitting all mention of William's brutal ! conduct to herself-his wild bearing during ! that journey. " j "Ay." said Airs. Blackburn, '. doubtless that was the c&uso.; I know for many a ' day after I had told him, my Willy used to j go over the moor, in hopee, maybe, of seeing : his poor Bess once again, even though she I was no longer flesh and blood. Heaven onlv j knows whether he did or not; though it : is now clear to me that she came 011 his account." j Gnee again that day, when Denton was j alone with her, the widow again reverted to j this subject. I " I didn't like to talk more about it before | Ellen this morning,"' said she, "because just now, you know, in her delicato con- i dition, it might not be so well" j "Forgive me, my dear Mrs. Blackburn,'' j interrupted the young man gravely; "bat it is a subject that you should not talk of to j anybody , and upon which, if you will take 1 my advice, you will for the future be silent." "What! it's unlucky, is it? Well, I daresay it is; and I am sure wo have had misfortunes enough without our bringing them upon ourselves: so I will never mention it again-only just tell me, John you who are so wise about everything do you think it possible that my poor dear Willy ever did see Bess on Redmoor?"' "Yes, madam," replied Dontou, with averted face and involuntaiy shudder-which Mrs. Blackburn ascribed to superstitious fear-"I think he did." THE j l*i* iUjiunLLi CoCCia,-For JBincJtfasi.--The Globe save:-" Various importers and manufac turers have attempted to attain a reputation for their prepared Cocoas, but wo doubt whether any thorough success had boen achieved until Messrs. Taylor Brothers discovered the extraordinary qualities of 'Maravilla' Ccooa. Adapting their perfect system of preparation to this finest of all species of the Theobroma, they have produced an article which supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Mara villa Cocoa above all others. For homaso paths and invalids wo could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." Sold in packets only by all Grocers, of whom also may be bad Tayior Brothers' Original Homaaop&thio; Coooa ana Soluble Chocolate. Steam Kills Briok-Iano, London. 48thsf45*v 