THE NOVELIST. THTSHADWELLS OF RABY. CHAPTER XVI.--A MEETING AT WYNDERFEI«. Three stories high, in tho roofless wall of Wynderfol is the stone-shafted window from which hangs, liko a beckoning ann, a tendril of ivy. O vor that window stone a poor Lady Alice, ever so many .years ago, threw herself, or was thrown-dreadful, whichever way. It is 8tu^ pointed out, and called tho Lady's Window. You can seo tho quiet stars through the stone-framing in whioh, onco, like a ghost, that unspeakable agony stood for a whilo, and vanished with a shriok. It is something of a Cumnor Hall story. Mark Shadwell, the philosopher, was entering into tho spirit of his bivouac on the limestone block, under the walls of Wynderfol. Ho swallowed the thimbleful of brandy that was left in his flask, and lighted a third cigar ; and admired the thin film of silver that tho moon was throwing over the singular landscape. Tho philosopher was looking up at tho Lady's Win dow, thinking idly of poor Lady Alice. "A devilish fine girl, I dare say !" And conjecturing what her stylo might havo been-dark or blonde, with bluo eyes, or brown-and thinking what ho would have dono had ho beon tho cavalier who used to bribe tho porter, and enter into tho court-yard by night, ho lowored his eyes to the empty arch in which that ill-starccd lover had stood so long ago, and ho saw the figure of a horseman standing in it motionless and black against the moonlight. Up rose Mark Shadwell, grasping the barrel of his gun hard in his hand, and called "Hallo!" rather fiercely. "Ha !" cried the horseman; and there ensued a little nilence. "I say, who aro you ?" challenged the stoic. "Ho!-Ah!-dear! Mr. Shadwell? So it is!" oxclaimed the voice of Carmel Sherlock. "And what the devil brings you hero?" answered his patron. "Returning from the mills, sir. All right, every thing," answered Carmel, in his odd, gentle way. "Why, this isn't your way-unless you mean to ride over tho stile-is it ? replied Shadwell, tartly. " Near-only near-not quito, sir ; but I longed to see Wynderfel. I could not refrain. I hope it is no harm. I longed to seo "Wynderfel onco more," replied Carmel Sherlock. "Should you Uko to ride homo ? You'll find thc horse quite fresh. Will you take him?" "No, thanks; you'd better get home yoursolf, You're always turning up in out- of-tho way places. By Jovo ! in the days of Wynderfel they'd have taken you for a warlock, and burnt you somo fine morning. You never do anything Uko anyone else. What the devil's the good of being so queer ?" "Queer! am I sir? Well I dare say; but I only wanted to'look at tho old house. I've been dreaming such odd dreams about tho Lady's Window, and all sorts of faces, so confused. I wished to look at the placo again to try and understand them, and what it all may mean." " Well, if I were you, I'd como down in the daylight or got my bed down here, and sloep, if you like it bet ter. Capital place for dreaming dreams and seeing visions ; but just for to-night, I'd got homo and have some supper." Carmel Sherlock had dismounted as Shadwell spoke these jeering words, and led his horse across the inter vening space. "I know Sir Roke Wycherly's face, sir. I saw him once when I was at Sidney, at Cambridge. I wish I did not dream at all, or could remember my dreams clearly. His face is always there, and there was some thing last night I saw about tho Lady's Window up there," he pointed with his finger at it ; "something, but I can't recollect it-I can't. Only he was there, and you sir, you were-my God ! climbing with a body like a black monkey's and your own face." " Ah ! thank you," said Mark Shadwell, with a nod. " I hate them. It was quito clear, the whole thing as I dreamed it ; but it all went to pieces as I awoke. I'd give an oyo or a hand sir, almost, could I gather it up again, for I know its true, whatever it was, and I understood it quito-true and dreadful, sir. My face and forehead .and hair were all wet, and I was cold as death when I awakened. It's. worth knowing, if I could but remember it !" His fingers wore laid on Mark Shadwell's as he whispered this, and his palo countenance and large eyes gazed into his face with a »ear and frightened scrutiny, as if imploring a hint or a conjecture. " What the devil aro you afraid of ? " asked Shad well with a laugh that sounded oddly in his own ears. " Dreams, indeed ! Pretty stuff !-me, I often wonder you don't sot up for a fortune teller, or a prophet, or anew Evangelist. Pity to put your candle under a bushel when you might make such a good thing of it." " I thought, perhaps, I might recover it if I looked at tins place ; but no, no, I can't find the clue ; these voices in the air, sir, if you don't write down what they say while it is in your ear, you loso it. You may as well follow the wind or try to paint the clouds of last year; it's all gone. But oh, sh, I wish ho wasn't coming." "Yes, Wyohorly, it's very alarming, isn't it?" acquiesced Shadwell, with ono of his ironies, as he watohed the smoke which he had just blown from his lips dispersing. "Sir Eoke Wychorly, baronot," resumed Sherlock, " Yes, it's bad-it is bad ; there's something about it, sir, his coming here. I fear him-I misdoubt him, I do-I fear him," murmured Carmel Sherlock, looking np at Lady Alice's window, and through it at tho stars in the deep sky ; " I can't win it back, anyway ; it won't come ; it's enough to make a man mad." "Quito onough. I don't wonder you're so much afraid of Wyoherly ; he is such a formidable fellow, with his asthma, and his dyspepsia, and his drops, and his caudle-enough to frighten a giant, by Jove ! " observed Mr. Shadwell, getting up. "You may as well got homo, and I'll talk to you by and by," "The horse?" said Carmel, again offering tho bridle to.his patron. "No", I'll walk, I toll you-I'd rather," ho said; and Carmel Sherlock, throwing first a dreamy look around him, and then looking down in thought upon tho ground, led tho horse away through the archway, and Shadwell soon heard tho clink of his hoofs aa he trotted briskly along tho little by-road below tho old walls of Wyndorfel toward Raby Hall. "Thatfellow will he stark mad somo of these days -hy J ovo ! ho is mad ! He'll bo up in a mad-house so ?ure as I stand hero. I wonder how long the fellow will last beforo ho breaks out !" muttered Shadwell, in that vein of soliloquy which was customary with him whenever he had just closed an interview with Iiis eccentric assistant . and having settled this point with himself, as ho did at least «nco every day, he watched the flight of a bat for a whilo, and had even thought of shooting it, only ho did not wish tho troublo of loading. Then he reflected what a cross-grained world it was, »nd how ho had been twice interrupted in that most Unlikely spot, by which thrco persons seldom passed in a week, and then he bogan to think of Roko Wycherly. "It's an odd thing, devilish odd-that fellow's always maundering about herc, and dreaming and fancying somo ndsohicf is brewing ; and I can't get the aamo thing, hy Jove ! out of my head either. And hang me if I can think of any mischief he can do me. What can he doto injure mo ? If he were thinking of a lawsuit, it could do hun no earthly good coming down hore. Inquiries-evidence- ßtuff ! He's no such ass as to think ho could do it. That's tho work of somo follow bred to attorney business. Devil a timur can he do to hurt mo by coming down here ; and yet, over since I opened his note, it seems to mo that I've boen as mad, by Jove ! as Carmel Sherlock, almost. I feel there's somo- mischief gathering, and I can neither shape nor prevent it." With his gun over his shoulder, Mark Shadwell mounted tho stile, intending to pursue tho lonely walk to Raby. But at the summit of it he paused, looking over his shoulder, for he heard voices approach ing from the other side of the smooth sward in front of Wynderfel. . Fomale voices sounded pleasantly in the dewy night air, and there were mon's voices also. He guessed whoso they were. "Kachel, is that you?" he called. There was no answer. Tho talkers were absorbed in eaoh other and themselves, and the merry voices and laughter still approached. " Miss Agnes is there also," ho commented, in an under-tone. 4 ' Pretty Miss Marlyn ! what aro you saying, I wonder? That's young Mordant, of coursé; yes, seeing them home. I wonder they don't drive. Well, I'm not sony ; It will help to prevent mo from think ing as I go." So down ho came from the style, calling, " Rachel " again as he went ; and soon, with an answer, the party of four came around the distant corner of tho old building, and Mark Shadwell greeted them and joined in the walk homeward. CHAPTER XVII.-A MOONLIT WALK-ANOTHER STEP. There was a momentary chill and shadow as Mark Shadwell joined the party. Tho garrulous merriment subsided, and a short silonco came, during which nothing was heard but the tread of their feet on tho pathway. Mark Shadwell inquired for Miss Temple-asked Charlie Mordant when ho had come, and how long he was to stay-asked honest Rogor how the cob he had bought at Raby did his work. And with these questions and answers, the con versation flagged again, and the party walked on in silence. " Five abreast is a little too much for this path, isn't it ?" said Shadwell. " You shall lead. Go on, Temple ; you and Mordant take care of my daughter, and I'll take charge of Miss Marlyn." And in compliance with this order, his daughter and honest Roger, with a longing, lingering look and a groat sigh, and young Mordant walked on, while ho and MÍBS Marlyn fell a little bohind. Mark Shadwell strode on besido Miss Marlyn. He did not speak ; a topic somehow did not turn up at once. He saw from tho oorners of his eyes her elegant figure moving beside him, with a little space between ; ho saw her features too clearly enough in tho moonlight, and that she was looking straight before her, rather downward as she walked, and very gravely. " Rather a damper, I'm afraid, my appearance just now ? You were talking very merrily, I think, as you carno round the corner of tho old house there," said Mark Shadwell, after a little silence. "Yes, that is, I believe we were," said Miss Marlyn. " And what was the fun about ?" ho inquired. " I really forgot, sir," she hesitated. " Now, you're not to bo siring me, do you mind," ho urged in a low key. " I told you before your poor father and I were very, very dear friends. If you want to vox me, of course I can't help it ; but unless you do, you really mustn't treat mo so very formally. I somotimes think, Miss Marlyn, that you are a voiy haughty young lady." " Haughty !"-really ?" replied she. " Yes, haughty, he repeated. "We never know ourselves, I believe'; but that does surprise me, Mr. Shadwell," she said, looking down ward on the path before her and Shadwell fancied he could, with his side glance, detect a trace of an enig matic smile. "They smile to themselves when they think we're not looking ; what aro they dreaming of, I wonder, when they do it ? It's very becoming," he thought. "I tell you what, now-you know you're my secre tary, and we aro on confidential terms, and you must listen to me-and I do say, you aro as haughty a little queen as ever swayedtho sceptre of empire." " You don't think so, sir?" said Miss Agnes Marlyn, very Bravely. ''there! sir again! Well, no matter, I say I do, I'm quite serious. I'm a reader of faces and of character, and .understand tho psychology of gesture, and, motion also, and I say that pride is your strength, and-r-weakness. " Miss Marlyn throw upon him in the moonlight another gravo look of inquiry, which was, he thought wonderfully handsome. Ho looked at her a little directly and smiled; whereupon her brief gaze was averted again, her dark clouded eyes were lowered to the path before them, and he could see her long eye lashes ; and he looked a little whilo in silence, and then ho said " Tho reason-one reason-why I say you are so haughty, is this : that you keep me so at arm's length. All very well, of course, if I were a young jackanapes ; but I'm not-I'm an old fellow." There was no remark. " Old enough, at all events, to have that daughter," and ho nodded toward Rachel. " And, besides, even if I had never known or cared for your poor father who, I've told you very often, was my most intimate and dear friend-I arc, and I feel it, and I wish to Heaven you could understand it too-I am, in virtue of youl1 position under my roof your guardian. I'm not jesting -I'm perfectly serious. I consider you as my ward ; and you'll see, should you ever need it, there's no trouble I should shrink from, no exertion I'm not ready to make in your behalf. I know it's easy to say all this, and not veiy likely, you'll think, perhaps, that my services will over be needed ; but, by Jove ! I mean what I say, and I wish they wore, then I might provo it." "You aro too good, Mr. Shadwell," said sho; and tho low and very sweet notes in which theso words wcro spoken, she fancied, touched hun. " Yes you'll seo it ; I regard you as a second daughter -I do, I assure you." Miss Marlyn made no answer. "And, in some respects, you could fill a place in my confidence which a daughter cannot," ho said, in a very earnest, but a lower key. Miss Marlyn looked at him for the first time quito direct, with a wondering and almost startled glance. " I do not understand, sir," sho said. " No, of course-ho. w should you ?" said he. "But there aro lots of things I can't talk to Kachel about, even if she had sense to mako it worth tho trouble on account of her mother. Wiry, you look Ks if I was going to talk treason and blasphomy, whereas I was really only going to speak very sober good sense." And saying tliis, Mr. Shadwell laughed' a little, and paused for a reply; but Miss Agnes offered no remark, and looked down a3 before. " What I mean is this- you seo I'm talking quito frankly to you : as frankly, in fact, as I expect you I always to speak to me-I say, what I mean is just this : i there are subjects on whioh I can't talk to Rachel, just because they involve a discussion of her mother's pre judices and unreasonableness-and she has more than one woman's sharo of both, lean tell you-you'll understand better the sort of thing I mean by-and-by. You see I mean to be outspoken, and hido nothing from my secretary ; other fellows would mince tho matter, and take a roundabout way of convoying their meaning ; but with you, I go straight to tho point. She's delicate, she's peevish, she's exacting." "She's very kind tome, sir," said Bliss Marlyn, sadly. ui course, sue s krna-or course sne is ; ra like to soe any ono in my house treat you otherwise than kindly. But I mean, and you'll find it, she's no moro good in the house than a picture, and she's a sort of worry besides ; and she can't, she never could, enter into my feelings. I was an ambitious fellow-I had plans for lifo-I wasn't duller than other fellows who have got to the top of the wheel since-but sho was all against it ; such a drag, a dead weight, I never could move-all for a quiet Ufe, and by Jovo ! sho has got it \- ha, ha ! If it hadn't been for her, I'd have been member for Halford twelve years ago ; but she was in tho way-a woman can knock those tilings on the head, you know. Now, Miss Agnes Marlyn, if you many a follow with any go in him, and any brains, whilo you live, don't tether him down by tho leg to a post at tho back of a rabbit warren, as you seo mo hero." This was a theme on which Mark Shadwell was moro eloquent than exact. Perhaps his poor wife, in her ill required idolatry, had pleaded agamst his early maun derings about publie life. But she had not had much of her own way in other matters ; and I suspect that Mark's earnestness, or, at least, his opportunities, had not boen quite so inviting or so strenuous as he chose to believe. " I don't think, however, Miss Marlyn, that you aro the kind of person who would want sympathy with a daring ambition." For ono moment Miss Marlyn glanced upon him a kindling look-something wild, fiery, admiring. It was like the last face seen in a dream as a man awakens, gone quite in a moment ; for the young lady's look was again downcast, almost sad ; but that wild, glad, momentary look haunted him-it was inspiring. "She's wonderful!" he thought, "By Jove! a glance like tho pythoness ! She's a fine creature ? There's no woman worth a fig that has not a vein of tho tigress in her." He walked beside her, quite silent again for a little way, and thought how handsome she looked. That look of strange admiration seemed burning in the darkening sky, on the grass, on the dark back ground of distant foliage- wherever ho gazed. " I say no ono can got on alone-it is not meant ; ono's own applause won't carry you through-ono must have sympathy. I might have been differently placed in tho world now, if I had Becured it," said Mark Shadwell, aloud; "and I can't toll you how much oblicod I am for-well-for your consenting so good humoredly to be bored with my confidences. You understand now what I mean ? I wish I could requite your kindness any way. You can hardly estimato tho extent of it, because you have never known what it is to be in a solitude like this, without a human being to talk to upon the vory subjects that most interest you and I'm a fellow that can't talk to reeds and purling streams-and you have no idea how a secret preys on .ne like that animal, by Jove ! the Spartan fellow hid under his robe, and that devoured his flesh while he concealed it." Mark Shadwell talked as if he was immensely grate ful. He felt, on the contrary, that he was conferring an immeasurable obligation. He was thinking how flattered the young lady must bo by this graceful con. descensión of his confidence. He wished to please her. The philosopher may have suspected som© little senti ment mingling in his good-will : and if there was, why should he not amuse himself a little ? Heaven know he meant no harm ! he knew himself too, ho hoped. Had he not outlived his follies ? Of course it is pleasant to look at a beautiful girl, as you look at a flower or a picture. His statuesque admiration was very free from danger-he was not like tho poor little woman who fell in love with Apollo Belvedere. They were now approaching the timber that groups high and dark about Baby Hall. . ' And so," said he, "it isa bargain. In all your plans, and in all your troubles, whenever they come and may Heaven avert them for many a day ! I'm to bo your adviser and helper, to tho extent of my poor power, do you seo ? and you, in return, aro to liston to all my wretched secrets, and give me your advice instinct is bettor than experience, it is always true and we are to bo true friends-real friends ; and I shall keep no secrets from my secretary, and she's to make mo her father-confessor, so that's agreed !" And .with these words, drawing nearer to her side, he took her hand and pressed it. " It is agreed, isn't it?" he repeated in a lower key and moro earnestly. She laughed a little and said : " Yes ;" and ho thought she blushed as she laughed. Yes, sho did blush: he was sure she blushed a little ; and she did not draw away her hand, as Becky Sharp or Miss Jenny Bell might have done. There wore none of their false pruderies-no leaven of tho shark in Miss Marlyn. She was genuine. That little blush was like the sparkle and flush of champagne in his voinB and in his brain, as he went to his study that night. 