THE MERCURY. FRIDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1870.' THE Volunteer Force of the Colony has been, by tho refusal of Government to place a sum on the estimates for volunteer purposes, placed in a somewhat embarrassing position, and one that is anything but creditable to the Colony, and which, though now viewed as a matter of in- difference, may lead to disastrous consequences. The volunteor force has never received much encouragement from the Government of Tas- mania. Probably the engagement of the Imperial Government was relied on, as securing the Colony the presence of the military, but that trust haB provedabrokon reed without stirring up our Gov- ernment to a sense of thoirduty. The Parliament of Tasmania have displayed more interest in tho volunteer movement, than have the Ministry ; but when Farliament took any action on ita own account, it was hut a display of interest, and nothing more. It expressed its sympathy in reports, Royal Commissions, and Select Com- mittees, but failed to go the necessary length of supplying what was wanting in Government. If Government placed a sum on the estimates, Par- liament dealt with it ; but now that the volunteer movement is virtually in extremis through the neglect of Government, Parliament has not done anything towards presentingan address to His Ex OP.LLEN'CYprayingthatasumbeplacedon the esti- mates for volunteer purposes. The Government, in answer to Sir. LEWIS, first doclarod that they were not prepared to submit a scheme to the Legislature for the future defences of the Colony, and then, a day or two before the close of last session, replied that thoydidnot intend to disband the existing volunteer force. Arms and accoutre- ments, with ammunition, as before, would be provided ; but, it was added, ' ' that in the present state of tho financos of tho Colony, Government have not felt warranted during the present session in proposing to Parliament a special vote for volunteer purposes." Though this was virtually an affirmative answer to Mr. LEWIS' alternativo question ; whether Govorament in- tended to allow the present volunteer force "to die out," not one word of remonstrance was uttered. In the resolution of Government, and the apathy of Parliament, we seo much cause for regret. i Tasmania will now ho left in a condition to which no other British Colony has fallen. Wo [ aro not singular in having no Imperial troops, but wo beliovo wo stand alone in having no volunteer force. Wo have never countenanced the enthusiasm that saw in our volunteers a perfect safeguard agaiust an enomy ; nor would we in tlio prosent financial condition of tlio Colony, have approved of a vory considerable vote ; but wo think gratitude for post services should havo entitled our voluntoors to some consideration ; and a regard for tho good repute of the Colony, and a desire not to leave us alto- gether without oven tho nucleus of a defeuco force, should havo prevented tho Government from so cavalierly casting the volunteer force adrift. The volunteers have hithorto bestowed much of their time in the causo of the Colony, and if their servicos have not been called into activo requisition as a defence body, the Colony has had to thank the immunity of Great Britain and its Colonies from foreign aggression ; and no causolms boen given to fear that the volunteers wouldhavo been wanting in their duty. Intimesof peace, and in presence of a small Imperial force, the volunteers wore affordod the means of main- taining themselves in a Btato of efficiency ; but now that the Imperial troops aro withdrawn, and two of the most powerful nations of Europe aro at war, and a violation of Belgium's neu- trality, or somo other cause, may involve England, and consequently expose her Colonies J to attack, the Government of Tasmania have ' declared they connot afford the pittance neces- sary to the maintenance of a volunteer f o reo. Thore is something moro than a petty penurious ness in this-more than oven folly. It is a posi- tive failure in duty on the part of Government. It is not necessary to discuss the question how far a volunteer force is to be relied on for the defence of a Country. Granting that it is greatly inadequate, it must be admitted it is better than nothing ; and therefore, though the voluuteers of Tasmania had had no claim on the Colony for past attention to duty, it was unpatriotic and unwise, to let thom die out now. The fact of our having not even a man to fire a gun but, as on tho prorogation of Parliament, as a personal compliment, will be soon widely known, to our disgrace, and probably to our loss. England at war, Tasmania's defenceless state will not only be well-known, but its bunk:cofleis may possess sufficient attractions for a piratical vessel that, undisturbed, could in broad day sail up our rivor, pillage the banks, and leave without a shot being fired ; whereas, had we volunteers, they would make tho ap- proach of a hostile ship a dangerous game. Putting out of view for a moment the dofenco view of tho question, it is humiliating to the Colony to bo dependent on tho fow state occa- sions wo have, for any mark of respect to His EXOEILENOV, to the courtesy of tho MAYOR of Hobart Town. When Parliament mot, tho Im- perial troops had loft, and a guard of honour was supplied by tho volunteers. When Parliament was prorogued,afewof the city police, withdrawn from their regular duty, marked the presence of HEK MAJK3TY'S Représentative ; and even that mark of rospoct the Executive could not command. Wo do not blame the volunteers for not attending as a guard of honour. They would have been wanting in self rospoct, if they had put up with the Blight of the Ministry; and the salute from the battery was a mark of respect paid the GOVERNOR under protest as it were, against the idea of the members firing it, acting under garrison ordors. Thoy havo also shown their good sense in not disbanding, but preferring tho alterna- tive given thom by tho Government, that of dying out. They thus remain prepared to bo resuscitated and called into active existence, should the Colony, in a proper manner, demand their services; while, by making no remonstrance, and no demand for pecuniary aid, they properly abstain from any attempt at forcing their ser- vices on Government. The Government have laid thom down; and it will be for Govern- ment to mako advances ore the volunteers per- mit themselves to be taken up. The joint committee of the two Houses in 1867, recognised as sufficient an estimate hy the late COLONIAL SECRETARY of the annual cost of maintaining a volunteer force for both sides of the island. The total sum was £1,800; but M that included uni formtolastforthree years, the annual cost, oc the basis of that estimate, would be £1,400, a sum that wo admit the Colony cannot afford to throw away, but there are, well as our outlay is criticised, many moro unjustifiable payments than thia would be. In the absence of all other military or naval protection, and with so many guns on hond, a volunteer force will sooner or later beeome a necessity. We have just now something moro than the makings of a good force, and the Government will be to blame, if they allow it to fall away. The respon- sibility reste entirely with the Executive, for when the report of the Select Committee, to which we have referred, was, in 1867, considered by Parliament, the question of the defence of the Colony was remitted to j the Executive, and from the language then used by the CHIEF SECRETARY, it might have been thought the question could not, so far as the maintenance of a volunteer force is con- cerned, have been in better hands. Mr. WILSON then in Opposition, hoped the Government would yet undertake the defence question. The Go- vernment, he said, "could not leave the Colony without some Colonial defence." We find from the report of the debate that Mr. WILSON told the then Government, which is virtually that of which he is now head, that " if they did notmeau to do something for the defence of the port, they would better have engraved at once upon their coat of arms the broad-brimmed hat and the Quaker's coat. He hoped, the hon. Member at the head of the Government, who had a military appearance about him, would take this matter into consideration as Minister of War, and initiate someplanof defence. Of course this would occasion considerable expense, but he thought it was absolutely necessary to do something to render useful the heavy ordnance which had' been procured." We commend to the careful perusal of the present COLONIAL SECRETARY every word which MAJOR WILSON, in 1867, ad- dressed to the late SIR RICHARD DRY; and we should like to know why Mr. WILSON, in office, has not given effect to the principles which he enunciated in Opposition. It is a pity there is often such a wide difference between profession and practice. But as the evil has been done for the present, we must console ourselves with the hope with which Mr. WILSON on 8th October, 1867, concluded, when he said " he believed the Government would undertake this question in a proper spirit, and that such arrangements would be made before next session as .would be satisfactory." It now rests with him to fulfil his own prophecy. WHEN the educational vote was under con- sideration in the House of Assembly, a new item of £200 was, with scarcely any discussion, introduced into the estimates by the honourable the COLONIAL TREASURER at the instance of the honourable Member for George Town. The readiness with which the COLONIAL TREASURER agreed to the suggestion may have been the reason why so little was advanced in favor of, or against granting the amount asked for. That this voto did not give rise to a fuller debate is to bo regretted, as we doubt whether Parliament or the Country are fully alive to the importance of the object which it is desired to accomplish, and for which we nro fully convinced the amount voted will prove entirely inadequate. The item to which we refer is a sum of £200 to pay the salary of a schoolmaster to educate the children of the residents in the Channel Islands, more particularly those of the Furneaux Group in Bass' Straits. At the termination of the pre - vioua session tho subject was briefly discussed, and an address to His EXCELLENCE, praying that he would cause a similar amount to be placed on the estimates was agreed to, but no further" action was taken in the matter. On the present occasion a stop in advance has been taken, but it is to be feared that it will not meet the requirements of the case. There are, we understand, no buildings on the islands calcu- lated to serve as a school-room, and no means have been taken to provide for the erection of such. This is not tho only difficulty to be over- come ; for, even wore tho requisite school ac- commodation provided in any one of the Furneaux Islands, the difficulty of assembling the children, and providing for them in that island, would still have to be encountered. From a trustworthy source we leam that there are altogether some 60 children, between the school going ages of six and fourteen, dispersed over these islands. Of the above number there are 10 children on Badger Island, 9 on Tin Kettle Island, 7 on Great Dog Island, 6 on Barren Island, 5 on Long Island, 5 on Preservation Island, 5 on Little Dog Island, 4 on Kan- garoo Island, and 3 on Green Island, the re- mainder being scattered over the other islands. Some of these islands aro several miles apart, while communication between them, which, owing to the strong uncertain currents, is always dangerous, is frequently rendered im- practicable by the high winds and heavy seas which prevail, particularly during the autumn, winter, and spring mouths. The only meaiiB by which communication is car- ried on between the islands is by means of a few small crafts, principally open whale boats, which have been built by the islanders themselves, and are particularly adaptod for the heavy sea and tempestuous weather which prevail among the islands. Communication with the main land is still more uncertain, the ¡Blands being rarely visited, oxcopt whon the light-housos have to be supplied with stores by the Marine Beard, or when a coaster seeks shelter under the lee of one of the islands. The dis- tance to Low Heads varies from about 70 to 90 miles, and as the prevailing wind during nine months of the jrear is westerly, and consequently adverso, the islanders find great difficulty in visiting Launceston to lay in stores, or to dis- pose of the mutton-bird oil and other pro- ducts of tho islands. They havo often, after preparing for a start, to watch for an easterly breeze, which, if it should chance to prove fair and steady, will carry the boats to Low Heads in 12 or 15 hours ; but it not unfre qucntly happens that before Low Heads have been gained the wind veers round again to the westward, and the boat is driven back, or com- pelled to run for shelter into one of the rivers on the north coast, the nearost place of safety being about 25 milos from the mouth of the Tamar. It is evident, therefore, that whatever course the Board of Education may resolve on, it will be necessary to provide a strong and safe boat, with all the necossary apparatus, to enable the teacher to visit the islands, assemble the children, and correspond with their parents, as well as to communicate with the main land for supplies and school material. The islanders, most of whom are half-castes, and unable either to read or write, have been de- scribed as intelligent, ouorgotic, interesting, and industrious, of simple and primitive habits, free from the vices which prevail iii more civil- ized life, and anxious to obtain for their chil- dren the advantages which education affords. Whether the description bo an accurate one, or that of an observer, who, scanning them with an indulgent eye, was " to their faults a littlj blind," there can be no doubt but in this re- spect they have a strong claim, not merely o.i the Government, or the Government as repre- sented by the Board of Education, but on tho oommunity at large, and it is the duty of all to seo that the education, which these poor and neglected islanders demand for their children, shall bo provided. The mere voting of £200 to pay a schoolmaster will not suffice ; other measures must be adapted to ensure the object aimed at, so that the rising generation may not be permitted to grow up in ignorance-only a step in advance of the untutored savage. The solution of the problem may be sur- rounded with difficulties, but surely it is not insurmountable. In some quarters an opinion prevails that the Board of Education should appoint a sort of Irish hedge-school master a teacher who would» itinerate from island to island, spending a week in this, and a fortnight in that, till he had completed the round of the islands, when the circuit would have to be re- commenced, and -proäocuted in the same way over and over again. That such a plan would prove not only impracticable, but that it would entirely fall short of the object aimed at, must be ovident. The difficulties and inconveniences which would attend such a I gtp9y lû*e> would prevent any one, who could safely be entrusted with such an important mission as the education of these "children, from undertaking it, while the children themselves I would forget, during the interval between one visit and another, all that the teacher had on deavoured to impress on their memories during his former flying visit. It would seem then that the only safe course that can be adopted, is that of providing a residence for a master with a school-room, dormitories, and dining-room for the children, in one of the most favourably situated islands. The selection of a site may be a matter of some difficulty, but the islanders themselves are in favour of a scheme of this kind, and state that a Bite might be selected either on Barren or Greon Island. Oa the former, an excellent Bite could be obtained near Crooke's River, with good patches of garden land, and an abundant supply of firewood and good water -a scarce commodity on some of the islands. The necessary buildings could be constructed either of stone, which is plentiful in the locality, or of wood, which, as in the case of the re- sidence for the Gold Commissioner at Water- house, could be prepared in Hobart Town, and arranged so that it would be ready for erection immediately on its being landed at its destina- tion. The coat of such a building as would suffice for present requirements would probably not exceed £300 ; and as its erection is un- questionably necessary to ensure success, im- mediate action to provide it should be taken. It is questionable whether any portion of the money voted by Parliament could be legitimately diverted to this purpose, and it is certain that to expend it in paying the salary of au itinerant teacher would be attended with no beneficial results. As Parliament has made no provision for the erection of the necessary school premises, the question arises, how can they be provided ? The islanders aro too poor to raise the funds re- quired ; but what they cannot do, might be done by means of a public subscription, which, we aro convinced, only requires to bo initiated to be liberally responded to ; and if £100 were raised in this way, then the Board of Education might be called upon to contributo the remain- ing £200, they being legally ompowered to con- tribute two-thirds of the sum required for erect- ing school-rooms and teachers' premises. The suggestion is one that should especially commend itself to those who take an interest in the future welfare of the islanders. THE CALIFORNIAN MAIL.'-The Telegraph Office was again opened at half-past ten last night, but at that hour there was no sign of the mail, via California, having arrived at Sydney. VICE-REGAL VISIT TO THE ABORIGINES STA- TION.-To-day His Excellency the Governor and Mrs. Du Cane, accompanied by Sir Francis Smith, the Rev. H. Bromby, and Mr. Chichester, Private Secretary, intend to visit Oyster Cove, for the purpose of seeing the last of the abori- gines. The Governor intends to ride on horse- back the whole distance. BUCKINGHAM ELECTION.-A writ for the elec- tion of a member of the Legislative Council for the electoral district of Buckingham, instead of the late Hon. T. Y. Lowes, Esq., has been is- sued. The nominations will be received by the Returning Officer from Monday the 24th instant till Wednesday the 9th proximo, and should more than one candidate be nominated, the poll will take place on Tuesday the 15th proximo. CAPE SCHANCK REPORTS.-The Cape Schanck wind and weather reports, the transmission of which had, through some unaccountable caprice on the part of Mr. Blackett, the manager of the Cable Company, been suspended, were again posted at the Telegraph Office yesterday, where | they can be seen by all who are in any way interested in the information afforded. As these reports are devoid of interest for* the general reader, and useless to the maritime interest, wo do not intend to copy them. Were the state of the weather given at Melbourne, or the Heads, the information might be of soino service. THE CALIFORNIAN MAIL.-Mr. Packer, Chief Operator, Electric Telegraph Department, adopt- ing a very proper suggestion made to him, decided yesterday to have the California flag masted at the battery signal-staff, and at the Telegraph Office, on the arrival of the mail ut Sydney. The flag is red chequer, No. 32, Hobart Town Signale. SEA BATHING.-A meeting of the proposed company to secure bathing accommodation near the Queen's Domain, met at Westcott's Library, Collins-street, last evening, Mr. A.C.G. Cas- tray in the chair. A sub-committoe was ap- pointed to draw up a plan of the bathing-house, prospectus, and articles of association. A. sub- committee was also appointed to see to the dis- posing of the shares. Another meeting will be called when theso matters have been arranged. Mr. T. Giblin was appointed treasurer, Mr. G. W. Rex sub-treasurer, and Mr. Rogers secretary to the proposed company. SMALL DEBTS JURISDICTION.-In thu Supreme Court yesterday the Chief Justice sat in the Small Debts Jurisdiction ; the only case tried was one in which Mr. Owen Moredith, sou of Mr. C. Meredith, M.H.A., sought to recover from Mr. Webster, merchant and shipping agent, Old Wharf, the value of a box belonging to the plaintiff, which he was requested to send to New Zealand tita Melbourne. The box contained a direction to " O Meredith, Esq., care of George Ball, Esq., Wimmera Plains, Southland, New Zealand," which, it'wáscoiit'endod for the plain- tiff, should have been altered by Mr. Webster (according to subsequent directions of Mr. C. Meredith, who acted OB the plaintiffs agent on the occasion), " to the care of J. Macpherson, Esq., Invercargill, New Zealand." The box arrived at Melbourne, but never got to its destina- tion at New Zealand ; on the contrary, as alleged, it was sold at Melbourne to pay expenses, there being no one to take charge of it and send it on. The real point was whether, supposing the box to have boen wrongly directed, the loss resultod thorefrom. The jury thought not, aud returned a verdict for the defendant. CHAPMAN'S WONDERS were again produced last evening at the Mechanics' Instituto before a numerous audience, who were evidently well pleased with the clever feats of the renowned magician. Second Sight, and the man sealod np in a sackful of ghosts, were among the " wonders," and elicited muoh applause. There will be no performance this evening, but an entirely new programme will be presented on Monday evening. TENDERS.-Three tendors for tho cartage of . metal from tho quarry near Mr. Isaac Wright's, along_ the main road between Mr. Barrett's and O'Brien's Bridge, woro received at the Offico of Public Works, and the lowest being that of Mr. William Mead will probably be accepted. TRINITY ASSOCIATION.-Another entertain- ment, by special request, is announced to be given by the members of the above association in the school-room, Trinity Hill, at half-past seven o'clock this evening. MELTON MOWBRAY STEEPLECHASE.-This event has been fixed to take place on Thursday, the 10th proximo. There are two events on the programme, viz., the Melton Mowbray Handi- cap Steeplechase and the Open Handicap Steeplechase. ANTILL «PONDS.-A meeting of cricketers is called for 7 p.m. to-morrow, at the Victoria Hotel, Tunbridge. THE ROSTER.-The magistrate whose name I appears on the roster for duty at the Police Court this morning U Dr, Eckford, J.P. 