OLD LA 1)1 EH. The world is notoriously unjust to its vete rans, and above all it Li unjust to its ancient females. Everywhere., and from all lime, an oid woman has been taken to express the last stage of uselessnesis and exhaustion ; and while a meeting of bearded dotards goes by the name of a council of sages, and its deliberations arc respected accordingly, a congregation of palsied matrons is nothing but u congregation of old women, whose thoughts and opinions on any subject whatsoever have no more value than the chattering of bo many magpies. In fact, the poor old ladies have a bard time of it ; and if we look at it in its right light, perhaps nothing proves mure thoroughly the coarse flavour of the world's esteem respecting women than this disdain which they excite when they are old. And yet what charming old ladies one has known at times— women quite as charming in their own way at seventy as their grand daughters are at seventeen, and all tlie more so because they have no design now to bo chunn ing, because they have given up the attempt to please for the reaction of praise, and long since iiiwc consented to become physically old, though they have never drifted into uupersonablencss or. ucglect. While retaining tbe uiteUuctua] vivacity and active sympotliiesof maturity, they bave added the softness, the mellowness, the tempering got only from experience and advan ing age ; they are women who have seen and known and read a great deal, and who have suf fered mucb, but whose sorrows have neither hardened nov Boured them— rather have made them even more sympathetic with the Borrows of others, nnd pitiful for all the young. They mve uvea turougn ana uvea down all Hieir own trials, and have come out into peace on the other side ; but they remember the trials of the fiery passage, aud they feel for those who have still to bear the pressure of tbe pain they bave overcome. These are women not much met with in society ; they are of tbe kind which mostly stays at home, aud lets the world come to them. _ They have done with the hurry aud glitter of life, aud they no longer care to carry their grey hairs abroad ; they retain their hold on the affections of their kind, they take an interest ui the history, the science, the progress of tlie day, but they rest tranquil and content by their owii fireside, and they sit to receive, but do not go out to gather. The fashionable old lady, who haunts the theatres aud drawing rooms, bewigged, befrizzled, painted, ghastly w her vain attempts to appear young, hideous in her frenzied clutch at the pleasures melting from her grasp, desperate iu her wild hold on a life that is nassins awav from her so ranidlv. Jrnmvs nothing of the quiet dignity and happiness of her ancient sister who has been wise enough to renounce betbra she lost. In her own house, where gather a small knot of men of mind anc women of character, where the young bring their perplexities and the mature their deeper thoughts, the dear old Lady of ripe experience and loving sympathies and cultivated intellect holds a better court than is known to any of those miserable old creatures who prowl about tho gay places of the world, and wrestle with the young for their crowns and garlands— those wretched simulacra of woman hood who will not grow old and who cannot become wise. She is the best kind of old lady extant, answering to tbe matron of classic times — to the Mother in Israel before whom the tribes made obeisance iu token of respect ; tbe woman whose book of life has been well studied and closely read, and kept clean in all its pages. She lias been no prude, however, and no mere idealist. She must have been wife, mother, and widow ; that is, she must have Itnowit many things of joy and grief, and have had the foun tains of life unsealed. However wise and good she may be, as a spinster Abe has had only half a life : and it is the best half which has been denied her. How can she tell others, when they come to her in their troubles, how time and a healthy will have wrought with her, if site has never passed through the same circumstances ! Theoretic comfort is all very well, bat one word of experience goes beyond volumes of counsel based ou general principles and imagination. One fame of old lady, growing yearly scarcer, is the old lady of Radical political tendencies based on the doctrines of Voltaire and Psviue'g ' Bights of Maa'—tbe old lady who remembers Hunt and Thistlewood nnd the Birmingham riots, who talks of the French revolution as if it waJ! yesterday, and who has heard so often of the Porteus ornb from poor papa that one would think she had assisted at the hanging herself. She is aa in&mteb;/ old woman, for the most part birdlike, chirrupy, and wouderfully alive. Khc has never gone beyond her «arljr teachiug, but is a fossil Radical of tbe «ld school, and she thinks the gods departed when Hunt and iiis set died out She is an irreligious old creature, and acofis with more cfevcrucsfi than grace at everything new aud earnest ; she would as lief see Uomauism rampant at once as this new fangled mummery they call Ritualism ; and Romanism is her version of tiie unchaining of gatan. As for science— well, it is all very won derful, but more wonderful she thinks than true ; and she cannot quite make up her mind about the spectroscope or the protoplasm. Of the two, tbe protoplasm commends itself most to her imagination, for private reasons of her own con nected with tbe Pentateuch ; but these things are not so much in her way as Voltaire aud Uidcrot, Voluey aud Tom Paine, aud sbe is con tent to abide by her ancient loves, aud to leave the leaping-poles of science to younger and stronger hands. And this type of old lady is for the most part an ancient sViiuster, whose life has worn itself away iu the arid deserts of mental doubt and emotional negation. If she ever loved it was iu secret, Borne thin-lipped embodied idea long years ago ; but most likely she did not get even to this unsatisfactory length, but contented herself with books aud discussions only. If she has ever honestly loved aud been loved, perhaps she would have gone beyond doubt, and have learned something holier than a scoff The old lady of strong instinctive affections, who never reflects and never attempts to restrain her kindly weaknesses, stands at tbe other end of tbtt scale. iShe is the graiidiuotherjMW excellence, and spends her life in spoiling the little ones, crMuiuiiig them with sugar-plums and rich cake when ever she has the chance, and nullifying mamma's punishments by surreptitious gifts and goodies, -She is the deady beluved of our childish recol lections, and to tbe List day of our life we j cherish tho rememberctuce of the kind old lady | with her beaming suiile, Ukiug out of her Urge black reticule, or the more mysterious recesses of her unfathomable pocket, wonderful little screws of paper, which her withered hands thrust Juto our chubby fists ; but we can luiaerstaud now wuat an awtul nuisance she must have been to the authorities, and how im possible sbe made it two preserve imytlmig like discipline and tho terrors of the domestic law in the family. The old lady who remains a mere child to the end, who looks very much like n tided vld wax doll with her scanty hair blown out into trans parent ringlets, and her jaunty cup bedecked with llowers and gay coloured bows, who cannot rise into dignity or true womanliness, who knows nothing, c-.iii give no advice, han no senti ment oi protection, but on the contrary de mands all sorts of care and protection for her self — she, simpering and giggling as if fche were fifteen, is oy tm means sin old lady nl the finest type. But she is better than the leering old lady who says coarse thinks, and who, like Ijtranger's immortal creation, passes her time iu regretting her plump arms mid her well turned ancle, and tile lost time that can never be recalled, and who is altogether n most unedi fying old person, and by no means nice com pany for the young. Then there is the irascible old lady, who rates her servants, and is free with full-flavoured epithets against sluts in general ; who is like a tigress over her last un married daughter, and, when crippled and dis abled, still insists on keeniuc the fcevs. which sbe delivers up when wanted only with a snarl and a suspicious caution. She lias been one of the race of active housekeepers, nnd lias prided herself on her exceptional ability that way for so long that she cannot bear to give up, even whuu she can no longer do any good ; so she sits in her easy chair, like old t'ope and Pagan in ' Pilgrim's Progress,' and gnaws her fingers at the younger world which passes her by. She is an iuflictiou to her daughter for all the years of her life, and to the last keeps her in leading strings, tied up as tigbt as the sinewy old bunds can knot them ; treating bcr always as an irresponsible young thing which needs both gui dance and control, though the girl ha,i passed into the middle aged woman by now— a poor spiritless thing, that has faded before f^he lias J'uUy blossomed, and dies like a fruit that has dropped from the tree before it has ripened. Twin sisters to this kind is the grim female be come ancient : the aiiunt old Indv with a stiff bacK-bone, who sits upright, and walks with a firm tread like a man ; alcalherly old lady, who despises all your weak slips of girls that have nerves and headaches and cannot walk tlieir ] paltry mile with out fatigue; a desiccated old lady, large-boned and loan, without an ounce of superfluous fat about her, with keen eyes yet, with which she boasts that she can thread a needle and read small print by candlelight ; an indestructible old lady, who looks as if nothing short of au earthquake would put an end to her. The friend of her youth is now a stout, soft, helpless old lady, much bedrnped in woollen shawls, given to frequent nip- I pings of brandy and water, and ensconced | in the chimney corner like a huge clay figure set to dry. For her tbe indestructible old lady das tUe gupremest contempt, heightened iu in tensity by a vivid renicuibiuucc of the time when they were friends and rivals Ah, pour L.iiuvi, .she says, straurhtcniui' herself : she was alwav.s a poor creature, and .see what she is now ! T.- those who wait long enough the wheel alway.s comes round, she thinks ; and the days when Laura bore away the bell from her for grace and sweetness and lOvaUcness generally are avenged now, when the one is a mere mollusc and the other has a serviceable backbone that will last for many a year yet. Then there is tbe musical old lady, who is fond of playing small anony mous pieces of a jiggy clinracter, full of queer turns and shakes, music that seems all written in demi-semi-quavcrs, und tliat she gives in a tripping, catching way, as if the keys of the piano were hot. Sometimes she will sing, as a great favor, old-world songs that are almost juluuuu iur tuu biiiu iiuu vjuHeij yuiuc milt null - rups out the sentiment with which tbey abound : aud sometimes, as a still greater favor, the will stand up in the dance, and do the poor uncer tain ghosts of what were once BtepB, in the days when dancing was dancing, ami not the grace less lounge ittis now. Hut her dancing days are over she says after half-a-dozen turns ; tuough, indeed, sometimes she takes a frisky fit, and pays for it the next day. The very dress of old ladies is in itself a study and a revelation of character. There are the beautiful old women who make themselves like old pictures by a profusion of soft luce and tender greys ; and the stately old ladies who affect rich rustling silks and sombre velvet ; und there arc the original and individual old ladies, who dresu themselves after their own kind, like Mrs Hani! Montaga and Miss Jane Porter, and have a enrhet of their own, with which fa.shion has nothing to do. And there are the old women who wear rusty black stuffs aud ugly helmet like caps ? and those who affect uiu'for mity ajtdgoiiig «i tli the stream, when the fashion has become national ; and these have been much exercised of late with the chignons and new bonnets. But Providence is liberal, and milli ners are fertile in resources, lu fact, in this as in all other sections of humanity, there ure those whu are beautiful and wise, and those who are foolish nnd unlovely ; those who make the best of things as they are, and those who make the worst, by treating them as something they are not, those who extract honey, nnd those who find only povvm. For in old age, as in youth, ore to be round beauty, use, grace, aud value, but in different aspects and on another platform alto gether ; and the folly is when tins difference is not allowed for, or when the possibility of these graces is denied and their utility iguoted.— Sat- urday limew. A woMAii named Snsan Driver died suddenly *t the OnrokiUenbar Agricultural Besorve, on Monday last At the magisterial inquiry, which was held on the following day, tbe medical evidence went to prove ihxi death was caused through disease of the hurt. i 