What bas beeome of that lete noir of journalists—tba Coloaial Boy f Ic lie CKtind—rendered eo by the scathing comments lo wkich he has bun subjected 1 One would certainly think bo, seeing that the •hower of personalities levelled against him —by ourselves amongst others—bare entirely ceased. Perhaps, however, hie reformation hai bten worked out, and if tha; is the case it is most undeniable that it is & feather in bis cap, for it sborce that the Boy reads his newspaper, end attends te the advice contained therein, both of which are highly desirable and commendable things to do. We feer, hewever, that the Press can- Bet claim much credit, and have to ooafese, for our owa part, that the outcry raised against the youngster, was another of those *' spurts" for which the oelony is becoming famous, and ia which " much cry and little wool" are the predominant features. Hard up for a subject, some ingenious mind started the Colonial Boy, ana immediately a strong pack was organised for the purpose «1 bounding him down. He was described as idle, as lazy, and as impudent—as vieious, and as orimiaal, a very pariah, as a youth whom it was desirable to abolish—as one who insulted females, and took the keenest delight in killing little children. To smeke pipes, to drink Strang liquor, to smash windows, and to hurl from railway arches frag, ments of rock upon passing trains, were all alleged io be his favourite amusements, and in fact he was set down as thoroughly irreclaimable. The lash, end nothing btu the issh, it was declared, weald ever cure him of these pleasant eccentricities, and magistrates were implored te use it upon his back. We have sot found that in any instances were thsse entreaties regarded, but perhaps the threats were ; to judgu from tha fast that we hear nothing of this shoo king reprobate now he bas been "improved" from society somehow or other, wliieh of course is a capital thiag to think of. Our own impression ic, and it has some to us by the exercise of closer examination than wo own we before gave to the subject, is that the whole affkir was a mistake, that the colonial youth is by no means so black as hu has been painted by his illnatored detractors, but that on the contrary he is a very decent fellow—as a rule. There be evil lads amongst lads, as their be evil parsons amongst parsons, but tbey sre happily few in number. There are lade who rejoice in breaking windows, as there are ministers of religion who have a weakness far breaking the seventh commandment, and when either ars foetid out, they deserve to (ret that wkieh is colenially designated " fits." But there is neither sense nor reason in stigmatising the olass to which the first belongs as being all tarred with the same brush, any •ore than there woald ba in declaring that the gentlemen who sport a black coat end a white tie are all rogues and hypocrites together. We would take this oppertuuity therefore of declaring oar belief that the colonial boy ha* been most unjustly maligned and of expressing an opinion, based as we have said before upon observation, that therfc is a great deaf of good in him. How far or to what«xtent that good can be developed, is a question for the meat, eerie as aid grav* consideration, and wo eineerely trust that it will bo paid. The future of this country must ba a great one, and wa need net say that the Colonial Be; is the coming Colonial Man, to whose hands will be entrusted the daty of legislating for the welfare of the continent. Let as therefore do the best we can in odueating him for the position which he will have to fill, by impressing upon his mind its importance, and removing those temptations from his path, which might otherwise prove fatal to bis career. There is mneh to be said upon the latter subject, bu*. we will-on this occasion only refer to one branch of it. The question has been aeked "An we becoming a nation of drunkards?"- and* unhappily is bas been answered in the affirmative. The cursed drinking customs of the colony—the inevitable nobbier on the completion of any—even the most trivial— piece of business transacted, the fata! facilities wbieh are given to the retailing of grog; and, lastly, the tremendous haras done by the sale of *' sly grog,*' are all matters which affest the youth of this colony, which attack their welfare, and which oertainlv require prompt- repression." This absurd custom, which prevails in no other country under the Ban, that ever we heard of, has neither-cense nor reason ta recommend it, and ought to be laid eside as a r«lic of tiie days when money was a drag, and when all whe;passossed it—sava a very faw—did not know what to do with it. And as soon as possible the Wines end Spirits statute shonld be thoroughly revised by—or m new bill introduced into—Parliament, having for its object the thorough amelioration of a state of things which is rapidly becoming unendurable, and which, if suffered to exist for a much longer lame, will be fata) to tho prosperity mi this fine country. We shall of coarse hava to refer to this again, but, meanwliilo, we may congratulata the colonial boy as we eUrUd with kim—ftem baring escaped frbm bis calumniators for the present, At any nil.: * • • JsEEB ifi nothing like acknowledging as ierror,ao matter bow unpleasant eacha pfamijrfe: '^Bnl-'^m-oSw^l^^iMwii-Isjl into t h e c o m m i t t a l w M u r e s , the acknowledgment that such h»B been the' ase ib not vnpleasaat at all, but becomes a h mere matter of daty to be cheerfully performed. Thus we hepethat none ofour readers who took the trouble to read some arguments whicb appeared in this journal a few weeks ago, at the time that the Agricultural Society was anxiously debating the desirability of holding a graia show this year, or not—the former course being most strenuously advocated by ourselves—will not be too xnuoh surprised when we now state a conviction that grain shows are a mistake, a waste of Boney, and calculated to exercise ns geod at all, save uader exceptional circumstances. We advocated tho holding of the show for the reason that it had beea held in former years, and we thought it would be « sign of weakness to discontinue it, and because we hoped that it really might be productive of much good to agriculturists generally. But it seems wo were mistaken, as the number of entries clearly shewed, while the visitors took not the slightest trouble to conceal the utter indifference with whicb they regarded the exhibits. Some few, to be sure, handled the prize wheat and oats, and admired their quality, buttbey evidently eared for nothing else, and only disparaging cornmeats were to be heard. Of course neither the Secretary, nor the Committee wars responsible for this; tbey r dfd the Tory best they could under the circumstances, but tbey bad a very unthankful office to perform We are sincerely sorry for the ill success of the show, which is designed, be it remembeied, for the purpose of bringing agriculturists into contact with one another, and te stimulate competition in the mattei of novel products; but we cannot advise the committee to make another experiment of a like nature, at any rate, for some time to come. The projected Farmers Club, which will probably be successfully inaugurated, will aSbrd a superior medium of cemmunicatien between farmer and farmer, and so doubt its members will find something to discourse about besides wheat aad oats. The splendid annual shows of the society will mere than compinsate for The absence of the March grain show, and they will ao doubt be enhanced by its cessation. We have nothing to inform our readers upon as concerns the political situation. It is stated on the one hand that Sir James McCulloch ts quite willing to join Mr Maepherson in forming a Ministry, and will give the best token of Ills support by accepting offiee himself, while a miner report which gained currency ia the metropolis, declares that he will enly lend the weight of his support to any Ministry which cau be formed by Mr Macgregor. On the other hand it is strenuously asserted that Sir James will do nothing of the sort, but will hold bimself aloof frem polities, for the present- fieally the situation is a very stra.Bg* one, and perhaps a dissolution would be th<t readiest and mn..t eeoveuieBt way of settling the difficulties which mast at present arise ia the path of any one attempting to ferm an Administration. The Assembly is so curiously composed, that the task appears to us to be one of a vain character, for under existing circumstances everybody's hand appears to be against that ef everybody else. We entertain cot the slightest doubt of Sir James M Cullech'e capacity to resume the reins of Government, aye, aad to hold them, tee, bat we doubt his ability to obtain a suitable following as matters are at present. And, failing Sir James, who else can uudertake the task % Kot Mr Macgregor, surely 1 We may mention that plenty of rumours are afloat, last (it should seem that we had net heard of tbem.* but none of them are reliable- H Bradley reports that the news from Lauriston during the past week is Tery enc u- ragiag, the Energetic having struck gold in their north ground, which had the effect of improving the price of the Energetic and North Star scrip, although not to the extent it should have done consideting that it proves that the reef runs through the whole of the North Star ground, and that there is every prospect of the Energetic having a rather rich mine. The Central Energetic are now crushing; they cleared up on Saturday. :;:id had HOoz ot amalgam for the week. Theic is do doubt this week will produce much bel.er results, as the stone is daily improving. The Kynetoa Company have got most of their machinery au the ground, and should the weather prove favorable, they will soon have it up. The following sales have been effected during the past week:—Energetic'*, LS 10s; Central Energetic's L5 5s to Lb 15s; North Star, L5 10s; Grand United, L35 to L40. The rifle match between Castlemaiae and Emerald Hill, took place at tfae Cyneton Butts, on Saturday last, and reialted in a victory for the latter, who won by eight points. We shall give full details of tbe match in our next isiue. The cricket match between Kyneton and Biddell'e Creek was won by the latter. The Kyneton men did not turn out iu force on the occasion, which is rather te be regretted, as an evidence that cricket has declined amongst us. We were in hopea seme little time ago that a revival of the old spirit had been experienced. There was no business before the Police Court yesterday, caving the fining of a couple of inebriates. The Ballan Shire Council have voted a donation of iilO to tbe Kynetoa Hospital. Mr Bobert Graham, of Lanes field, and J W Knight, Esq, of Biddle's Creek, have been appointed territorial magistrates for the colony of Victoria. The Rev Joseph Glover has been appointed a member of the local committee of the Mount Macedon school. Mr J J Stammers, of ^lewham. has been appointed. a depnty electoral registrar for the Lancefield division of the West Board District aad Seutbern Province. The generosity of the Tom Thumb troupe appears to be on a par with the proportions af its members The Dayltsjord Mercury says— Charles Dawson, groom at ihejjunction Hotel, writes to express his astonishment at the liberality of the driver of Tom Thumb's pii&eton.; Dawson cays that on Friday, when Tom's (room was on his way to Malmsbury, he pulled np at the hotel and requested that the ponies might be watered. The ostler accordingly drew a bucket froa a well 105 feet deep, and was rewarded for his trouble with the handsome donation of twopence. This so astonished him that it fairly took away bis breath, but he had presence of mind, nevertheless, to hand the coppers ever to some children. Possibly Tom's groom thought he was in Lilliputia. The following concerns onr own district, and we therefore transcribe it from the Ballaral Courier. It has apparently been written by an eccentric genius, butit tells that we may expect a capital good fellow to be settled near us :— " ft is no small circle of fiiends that will regret the transfer of MrT F Morres from Ballaratto uncongenial Castlemaine. But eo unkiod fate, in tbe chape of the late 'gorilla of Lands, has determined- So Jovial Tommy—the Tom of song, of hnmor, of all the kindly and manly gifts that Eo to make a thoroughly goodfellow— loaves Ballarat. His departure, though, will not go by i« silence, whatever may ba the sorrow, on the part of any oae of his numerous well-tried friends. On Wednesday Mr Morres will giatify them, wo hope, at an au reaoir, not an admu little meeting, whereat the parting will be such cweet soitow," that we wouia all like to bid goad-byepntil to-morrow. We do act approve of a ganUematt cettled for years In a place/and endeared to all ty thorough English qualifies beingcemoTed at a momenfc notice, and without «ny sufizrleal rsuon assigned. However the ways •f £apart*snta, lika those of Providence, are nays tenons, aad must bo put tip withace$n£iagW/ j-tfy^f Wecannctbslp taking the following from th f t m Argus. The joke is to good to be lost—Thsre as been come highly successful April-fooling on Ballarat, the particulars of which are contained in the letter from our local correspondent The victim was Mr Ja3 M'Dowall, late p mayor of Ballarat Went, and a prominent citizen. The means employed was a letter enclosed in an apparently official envelope, j fraaked with the stamp of the Minister of Mines, and addressed to " James M'Dooall, Esq," made to look like " M'Dowall," dated "Tooral," resembling "Toorak," and signed "Carterberry," written like " Canterbury." This being forwarded in the ordinary way to Mr M'Dowell, led him te believe, as its eontents set nut, that the Governor desired to contribute £50 in aid of the movement for prospecting with a deep shaft, and selected him as tho proper person' to be addressed on the subject. Feeling highly complimented by this direct communication from Bis Ezcellency, Mr M'Dowall lost no time in showing the letter to his friends and acquaintances. His fiiends suspected a hoax, and warned him to that effect but without avail, for tbe Ballarat Evening Mail published the letter in full the same evening, with a leading article laudatory of the handsome conduct of Viscount Canterbury. Wo scarcely need inform our Ballarat friends that the letter was a complete hoax. It is notified in Friday night's Government Gazette that plants, euttings, and seeds, will be supplied to pubUc institutions during the month of May next, on application to Dr Mueller,the director of the Botanical Guardens. Mr Thomas M'Donald, ot Duramana (says tbe Bathursl Times J, killed on tbe road at the back of Mount Banken. about, six miles from Batburst, one ef the largest kangaroos ever seen in that district. Mr U' Donald was accompanied by two dogs, and shortly after being sighted the " old man " was brought to bay. There was no heavy timber in tbe immediate vicinity of the spot, so that the veteran of the forest was unable to obtain any back support iu the shape of a large tree, and was placed rather at a disadvantage when attacked by his canine opponents. He defended himself with great ebstinaey, however, and it was not until he had been brought to earth twelve times that he "cave up the ghost." During the attack Mr M'Donald stood close at hand with a loaded gHn ready to despatch the kangaroo in the event of either of the dogs being seized; but, owing to the wideness with which tbey both fought, they did not sustain a single scratch. Upon being measured the animal was found to be over 7ft in length, and it is estimated that it weighed upwards of 2swt. The tail alone, when cut off, measured 4ft 8in in length, by 24in in circumference at the thickest part, and its weight was 24lb. Says the Ararat Advertiser-.—We had a practical illustration of the value placed upon manure the other day, when visiting the neighborhood of Langi-Ghiran. Several of the residents in the neighborhood are in the habit of scrambling up to the snmmit of the mouBt, ever recks and crags to a plateau where the sheep have been accustomed to camp for years past, and filling the bags with which they come provided with the manure deposited there; these bags they manage to get to the bottom, a distance of about three miles, by means of relling them over precipices and dragging them on sledges, where the ground will admit ef sueh a mode of transit being adopted This laborious and tedious mode of enriching the gardens in the district has, it seems, been carried on for several years. The Ballarat Correspondent of The Argus writes :—A ease of suspended animation from drowning occurred near the Redan on Friday afternoon, in which the police, acting on the instructions circulated to all police stations in similar cases, succeeded in restoring animation, the treatment applied being that known as Dr Hall's. The sufferer was a boy, seven years of age, who had fallen into a well, from which he was got out by the noble exertions of a miner named Cronin, who tore the boarding off the top as soon as he heard of tho child's mishap, and jumped down. He had to dive several times before he got the body, and was nearly exhausted just as success crowned his efforts. Mr Badcliffe, surgeon was sent for. and stated that the conduct of the constables— Moran and Thomson—was deserving of the greatest praise, as he had no doubt the child was indebted to them for his life. A return published in Friday night's Gazette, ol the number aud relationship of the nołninses sent from tbe United Kingdom by personb resident in Victoria, under the immigration regulations of 10th July, 1865, from January 1 to Februaiy 28, 1870. shows that from England and Wales were 483 souls, of whom 409J were adults; from Scotland, 92 sonls, of whom 80ł • were adalts; and from Ireland, 303, of whom 295 were adults, making a general total of 878 souls, of whom 785 were adults. Another return shows that during the month of February there ariived in Victoria, by sea, 3 056 souls, the adults in that number being—males 1824; and females 796. Of this number 73 were from foreign ports, 737 from the United Kingdom, and 2,136 from the neighbouring colonies. The number of persons who departed by sea from Victoria, during the month of February, was 2,292 souls, tbe adnlts of that number being—males, 1,495; and females, 464. A fatal accident happened in a somewhat remarkable manner en Saturday morning, near the battery on the bBaoh at Emerald hill. Between 9 and 10 o'cloek, a person was observed by a single man to undress and go into the water as if to bathe, taking with him a bottle. After wading out a little, he drank from the bottle, which he then threw away, and no further attention was paid to him till about a quarter of an hour afterwards, when his body was seen floating near tbe beach. As the maa was evidentally dead, information was given to the police, who took out the corpse, which was fonnd to be that of an elderly man aamed James Latehel, residing in Cobden, EmeraldhilL It was at first thought that he had taken poison ont of the bottle, but the smell from his month showed that the last thing he had taken was brandy or rum. The deceased, it is said, was not a drunkard, though he was not a total abstainer, and as be was puite black in the lace when taken out of the water, the police believe the cause of death to be apoplexy —this supposition being strengthened by the &ct; that he had been twice previously attacked by apoplectic fits, the last seizure happening quite recently. The body was conveyed to the residence of deceased, and an inquest was held yesterday. Andrew Vere, who murdered a man named Amos Cheale, at St Arnaud. ubout a year age and was arrested about the middle of last month, at Yankalilla, South Australie, arrived in Melbourne on Saturday, by the a s Penola, and was lodged in the city watchheuse- The murderer, who is a young man, not at all badlooking, is said to have confessed his guilt. It was expected he would be brought before the City Bench yesterday, and remanded to Ballarat. 