HONORARY MAGISTRACY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-As few days ago a circumstance occurred in connexion with the administration of justice in the District Court, Melbourne, which at the time I determined to bring under your notice with a view to remedying by publicity an evil for which apparently there is no remedy otherwise. Since the occurrence, the person principally involved has addressed an evening contemporary on the subject, and as my statement will embody my reply to that letter, perhaps you will kindly allow me to introduce it here. I " MR. FINLAY AND MR. GOLDSBROUGH. " (To the Editor of the Evening Herald.) " Sir-Your truthful report of the proceedings in the case of Board of Health v. Goldsbrough induces me to supply further material. On Monday, 24th January, immediately after opening of the District Court, and during the hearing of a prosecution for storing timber on Crown lands, I received a note through the clerk of the court from Mr. James Service, who had taken his seat in the court, which was as follows: " John Finlay, J.P. I object to your sitting on the bench (Signed) JAMES SERVICE. "I was surprised at receiving such a note, as I knew or nothing between Mr. Service and myself that should cause any unpleasant- ness. It appeared to me a few minutes after that probably he (Mr. Service) was some way connected with a case of the inspector of nuisances against Goldsbrough, which came before the Bench and was disposed of on account of informality in summons, raised by defendant's counsel, which was acquiesced in by his worship Mr. Call, P.M.; Mr. Suther- land and myself at the same time intimating that fresh proceedings might be taken and after acted upon. Feeling as I did that Mr. Service had been prompted by some cause (as yet unexplained) to send such note to me, I requested of him soon after on the bench his reason for sending me such a note. He put the questions 'Whenweroyouherobcforo?' 'Had been here for the lost nine months ':' I replied, Yes, two and three times a week.' Then he said Did Attenborough not bring you on this case of Goldsbrough's ?' I replied that I had not seen Attenborough for weeks, and that he must form a low opinion of me if he thought I should be guided by either his opinion or that of Attenborough on the bench.' Some other conversation passed, and Mr. Service took his departure. On my arriving at home I wrote a note as follows: " '246 Clarendon-street, Emerald-hill, 24th January, 1870. James Service Esq. Sir, I have to request you will be kind enough to inform me what act I have committed in public or private which could warrant you sending the offensive note which I received from you this morning at the District Court, Melbourne, as I fail to recognise your authority in the matter. JOHN FINLAY.' "This day, Monday, when the Bench, were consulting the fine to be indicted in the case Local Board of Health against Goldsbrough, Mr. Service got up and wished to know if he could object to my sitting in judgment, stating that he had substantial reasons for taking the action he did. After other conversation with the Bench, he (Mr. Service) stated that he would take the opportunity of bringing the matter forward in another way. Now, sir, I consider the action of Mr. Service unfair, and that he should at once have stated his reasons, no matter from what source they came. I now respectfully challenge him to give his reasons as publicly as he made his statements. " JOHN FINLAY. " 216 Clarendon-street, Emerald-hill." In replying to the above, I shall find it simpler to re-state the circumstances as they actually occurred rather than attempt a detailed correction of the numerous errors of omission and commission which pervade the letter. To begin at the beginning. The Melbourne Board of Health recently took action, at the instigation of myself and other residents in Bourke-street west, to abate a horrible nuisance, arising from a sheepskin store occupied for business purposes by Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co. A summons was taken out, and the case was set down for hearing in the District Court, on the 24th of January last. Knowing that nuisances die hard, and believing that Messrs. Goldsbrough and their able attorney (Mr. Attenborough) would show fierce fight, and being also aware that the statute under which the information was laid is somewhat defective, I occasionally re- volved in my mind the probable chances of success in our crusade against the nuisance. Amongst other things, I could not help wondering in what spirit the Bench would probably deal with the complaint whe- ther (if the case were distinctly proved the law would be vigorously carried out, or whether we should have to contend against a feeling of indifference, or even perhaps hostility on the part of the magistrates. A stray feeling of wonderment also passed across my mind as to the chances of a friendly magistrate or two accidentally finding the way to the bench, after the ancient fashion on licensing days and days of the election of poundkeepers, before Mr. Ireland's famous minute put a stop to that little game. Revolving these things in my mind, I say, the ghost of Mr. John Finlay suddenly rose before my vision, and for reasons which will appear hereafter, the conviction became so strong on my mind that he would be on the Bench on the occasion, that I actually mentioned to several persons a week before the case came on my conviction that he would be there, and offered to stake a crown on the event. The day came round, and sure enough when I on tered the court there was Mr. Finlay dulysoatod on the bench. I asked of the sergeant whether Mr. Finlay was in the habit of sitting in that court. He said he did not remember having seen him before. I repeated the question to one of the practitioners in the court, and he said he had seen him once or twice, but he did not think he was in the habit of sitting. I then tore a scrap out of a small memorandum book and hastily wrote on it with pencil that I objected to his batting, and had it handed up to him, I believe when Mr- Goldsbrough's case was called on. I may here notice that Mr. Finlay in his letter puts it as if I had objected generally to his sitting on the bench, and that he could not understand the meaning of my note, but as, according to his own admission, he concluded in a few minutes" that probably I was some way connected with a case against Goldsbrough," we may suppose that Mr. Finlay's intention speedily came to the rescue and dispelled his surprise. " This point, however, is of no consequence in relation to the ultimate dispute. The case was then heard, and broke down on a preliminary technical objection. I afterwards saw Mr. Finlay on the bench, when a conversation took place between us, the real gist of which is entirely omitted by Mr. Finlay in his letter of yesterday. Mr. F. took the first word-" What did you mean by that note?" "I meant exactly what I said." "Why do you object to me being on the bench ?" I replied "Answer me one or two questions. Why are you on the bench to-day ?" Why, I am here often." " Indeed ; how often have you been during the past month ?" " Several times ; I am here once or twice a week the books of the court will show it." " Did you know that Goldsbrough's case was coming on before you came to the court?" "J didlicar that Goldsbrough was summoned." "Who told you?" (Hesitatingly) "I think it was one of the corporation." " Did Goldsbrough, or Parker, or Row, or Attenborough mention it to you ?" "I have not seen Atton borough for weeks." "Did Goldsbrough, or Parker, or Row, or any one connected with the establishment mention it to you?" "I don't remember," "Is Goldsbrough your agent?" "No, he is not my agent ; but as he sells my wool for me." Mr. Finlay then asked if I thought he would not give a just decision. I said I objected to his giving any decision at all, and expressed my surprise that any honorary magistrate would persist in sitting on the bench when he knew that he was objection- able to a party interested. So the matter remained till the following Monday week (the 31st), when the case again came on for hearing under an amended summons, and there, in spite of all that had passed, was Monsieur Tonson on the bench again, the other lay magistrates being Messrs. Hurst and Curtain. Now, Sir, I think it will be admitted that Mr. Finlay's appearance on the bunch this second time, after the conversation the week before as detailed above, was, to say the least of it, an outrage upon every sense of propriety, and a dragging of the magisterial position in the dirt. Who is Mr. Finlay, that he should thrust his objectionable presence into a Melbourne or any other court, and help to override the opinions of the police magistrate, as in this instance ? He is not paid to attend ; no duty calls him there. It was during this day's sitting that I expressed my objection to Mr. Finlay's being on the bench, adding that I had substantial reasons for so objecting. Now, without going beyond Mr. Finlay's I own admissions on the previous Monday, my objection was fully justified for what do we find ? There was, first, Mr. Finlay's own i admission that he knew the case was coming a ,n before he came into court, aggravated by the fact that he could not recollect whether it was any of the defendants who had told him. Second, the admitted fact that business relations more or less intimate (and we know how intimate these sometimes are between a woolbroker and his clients) subsisted between Mr. Finlay and the defendant. But, Sir, my objection had a deeper foundation still I had known Mr. Finlay for many years. I had heard from time to time of his magisterial eccentricities, and I had no confidence whatever in his judgment in any case where his feelings were enlisted. As Mr. Finlay has challenged me to name any public act of his which would justify the course I took in objecting to him, I will give him one, premising that his conduct in that case was so entirely accordant with his knows magisterial idiosyncrasies that it struck with, no surprise those who knew him best. It will also show that this is not the first occasion when Mr. Finlay's presence on a bench has been publicly objected to. Will Mr. Finlay name another magistrate in the colony who occupies the unenviable position of having been at least twice publicly objected to on taking his seat on the bench The case I refer to is one which occurred not long ago in an appeal from a decision of the Emerald-hill Bench to the General Sus- sions. Mr. Finlay had been one of the adjudicating magistrates on the Emerald-hill Bench, and when the case came on at the General Sessions he took his seat there to hear the appeal. Mr. Dunne, the Crown prosecutor, objected to Mr Finlay taking part in the case, and Mr. Finlay, resenting Mr. Dunn's proper interference, some alterca- tion ensued, which ended in an appeal to Judge Pohlman as to whether Mr, Finlay had a right to sit under such circumstances. Mr. Pohlman referred to authorities, and could not lay his hand on anything to show a legal disability, and so Mr. Finlay retained his seat, Mr. Finlay, the magistrate in General Sessions, thus hearing an appeal from himself as a local magistrate on Emerald-hill. Such is a specimen of Mr. Finlay's sense of propriety ยก beside which it is hardly worth, alluding to minor eccentricities, such as taking the chair and keeping the chair on suburban benches whilst police magistrates sit at his side to assist him. It will now be pretty clear how, knowing as I did Mr. Finlay's relations with Goldsbrough, I was able to predict a whole week in advance that Mr. Finlay would be on the bench when Goldsbrough's case came on. One other matter I must allude to Mr. Finlay stated on the 24th that he sat in that court once or twice a week, and referred me to the books for proof. I this day examined the books for three months back from 24th. January, and found that Mr. Finlay's name appears only twice during all that time. I have now done with Mr. Finlay for the present, but the system which admits of such abuses surely requires looking into. The state pays men of education, training, aptitude and almost, if not altogether, without exception, of unquestionable integrity, to adjudicate in our courts of law and justice ; but what is the use of it if every Dick, Tom, and Harry, who perhaps for hiring two cabs at an election has been appointed a J.P., may step into the bench at any time and override, as in this case, the opinion of the police magistrate ? What is the use of enacting laws to put down drunkenness and public-house rows if the proprietor of the hotel can seat himself on the bench, as happened the other day in a court not a hundred miles from Melbourne, and adjudicate in favour of his own tenant? But I have trespassed already too much on your space, and must leave you to deal as you think fit with the general question. Yours truly, JAMES SERVICE. Melbourne, Feb. 2. 