THETYBOLEBE HAT.—" Sec there!"exclaimed a returned Irish soldier to a eaping crowd. «. he exhibited with so£e p'ride^fis tai hat With a bullet hole in.it. Lookthat hole ^'li youP Y«u seeithat if Uftufe beon a W crowned hat! slioiildliaveljeeii kffleddutrLht" \- ® I0H T , ENOCOHUTA , „ new. condition hasten beea imposed on the Government grants given in aid of local contributions to hospitals, viz., that the Government through police magistrates or other approved officers is to have the right of admitting"patients. \- ;: • - • - . IMPOBTED STOCK.—The Lord Warden lu* brought two valuable buHsj purchased in Eneland-for Mr.J. Taylor, of .Morpeth. The belt of the pair is Royal Chester, a fine specimen of the shorthorn, from, the Mere Old Hall herd, which was sold recently, when his dam, Moss Bose, brought 360 guineas, and-his -eister Moss Bose Second, brought 800 guineas. His companion, Trojan, was winner of the first prize at the Boyal Agricultural-Society's Show at Oxford this year, as the best yearling of the Hereford breed, and has won three .other prizes. SOUTH ADSTBALIAW FINANCE.—In the South Australian Assembly, on!,the .27th "ultimo, the lion, the Treasurer made a financial statement, but there was nothing of importance that was new.init. He repeated that there would be a deficiency at the end of the yew of £200.000, He estimates the Customs receipts at £570,000. A NARROW ESCAPE.—Near Skipton, Victoria, recently, a boy was looking in a hut for an axe handle, when he lit a match. This accidently ignited a keg of powder over head, whiohblew th» roof off the hut. Fortunately the boy received no injury. . A TOUCHING INCIDENT.—An incident of th» war ig thus reported by an officer from Stettin : « Near our bivouac there is a mound, ornamented'by a plain and roughly-joined-cross. As I waB going to inquire what men were buried there I saw a general come up with seve-. raj soldiers, who set about to open the grave. I asked a man of the 77th regiment what was the meaning of all this, and he told me that he had just met the general, who turned out to be General von Mainstein, in the high road. Observing the number of his regiment, he asked,' Well, bare you had many losses? ' Oh yes, your excellency,' wae the reply ^ ' we have tost a great many men.' ; ' "Which is jour company ?' The soldier named the number. ' Is your captain alive V ' * No, NV>. sir fill* ^ - lie o and -OnH the greater part nnvf of his company have fallen," A- tear glistened in the general's eye—it was his son that he had inquired after. While we were" speaking the grave opened, and soon he discovered his son among the corpses buried there. His face was as well washed as the scanty supply of water permitted ; the old soldier looked long and hard at the pale face of his gallant eon, without speaking ; he impressed a kiss on the cold forehead and ordered a coffin to be brought from town, in which the corpse was laid, and buried." . The Northern Argus reports the following case of mistaken' identity .—Some two'months since the body of a man was found floating in the river near the upper ferry. An inquest was held, and two persons identified the body as that of one Alexander Stewart—and as Alexander Stewart it was buried, and nothing more was heard of the affair until a few days back, when the boatman at the npper ferry was fairly frightened by seeing Alexander Stewart walking towards the boat for the purpose oferossing the river. Not believing however in ghosts,and immediately comprehending there, must-be a mistake with regard to identity he pulled.Stewort across, who was not a'little amused at the idea of his having been dsawncd and buried. Who could 1 the poor fellow be who was found floating? POINTED.—Here is an example of laconic telegraphy. A person who bad committed an offence against the laws, and run away, desired to know if it would be prudent to return. He asked: 'Is everything O.K.!' The answer was: ' Proverbs .xxxvii. 12,' Upon referring to this, he fbund: * A prudent man foreeeth the evil, and hideth himself; but the Biraple pass on, and are pamarrcd.'— FSEAS -OF NATURE.—Any person who chooses to call at Mr. Holland'-s, the Kembla dining- rooms, in Pitt-street, may see a remarkable curiosity. It is a chicken hatched recently among an ordinaiy clutch of hen eggs, ait Waverley. It is fledged as usual, and has four well developed wings and four well formed legs. Two of the latter are situate in the usual place, but the Other two .spring from a point near the tail. It is single-headed, and single-eyed, there being no orbital cavity on the right side. Tbe beak is screwed. It survived but a. short time after its-birth, and has been preserved in spirits. ANECDOTE OF O'CONNELL.—During the repeal agitation in Ireland, a gentleman connected with the 'limes was sent by that paper to report O'Connetl's rather treasonable speeches. One Of tbe first meetiugsthe newspaper man attended was in Kerry. Having beard of O'Connell's polite qualities he thought he would'ask that gentleman's permission to take a verbatim report of tbe oration. The *' liberator" not only consented, but, in his oiliest manner, informed the assembl.d audience tbat " until that gintleman was provided with all writin* conveniences he "would not spake ,a word," assuming an extra brogue which was altogether unnecessary. The report r was' delighted. The preparations began, and wore completed. The reporter, was ready. "-Are you quite ready asked Dan. ' Quite ready." " Now, are you sure you're entirely ready " " I am certain, sir. Yes." The crowd becoming excited and impatient,. Dan said—"Now, 'pon my conscience, I won't begin the speech until the London gintleman is entirely ready." After waiting another moment or so," O'Connell advanced; eyes glistened ; ears were all attention; and the reportorial pencil arose. Dan gave one more benignant smile oa the reporter, winked at the auditors, and commenced his speeoh in the native Irish language, to the irrepressible horror of the reporter, and to the infinite delight of all Keny. THE HCNCEB BIVER FARMERS AND THE STD* NET COMMISSION AGENTS.—Considerable dissatisfaction appears to exist amongst the farmers on the Hunter, with regard to the disposal of hay and other produce, by the commission agents in Sydney; and a gentleman, who visited the Hunter last week, was informed, that, unless a change take place, an association will be formed for the better disposal of their produce. It is stated that in numerous instances hay has been sent down by the farmers, but, beyond a notice intimating receipt, no information waB forwarded for the space of three months as to the sale or reservation of the hay; moreover, at the time of the floods the price of hay rose considerably, and some of the farmers having hay unsold in Sydney requested their agents not to dispose of it for a snort time, with a view to obtain a higher price; but the return post brought them accounts showing that their hay had been disposed of at a rate far below what might have been obtained. It is admitted that there are some of the commission agents who conduct their business in a more satisfactory : manner, and there is a disposition to support those that will not trifle with the interests of-the farmer.— THE QUEEN.—The British Medical Journal says:—" The cares and labors incident to her exalted position are at present increased by personal anxiety for the safely of many nearly related to her. Majesty. The Prince Consort's only brother and the husbands of two of the. Queen s daughters are in the German army at the scatof war. ThcB? causes combine to inflict suffering on a nervous system at all times most'sensiljp to wony and anxiety*- Travelling Winder arrangements so careful as her Majesty does, thefhysicat fatigue of a journey- to Scotland 1 is triflin'V while the. benefit her Ma esty experiences from tho <y»l pure bir.and quiet of her Highland home is alwoye great and daejd'ed. Ouimberi Journal. Empire. 