The Human Remains Found at Stanfiope.^ -' ?'? -- '- (Abridged from the Xaitlmd Mercury.) Adjodbked IsacEsr. On Saturday morning, Julyf 2nd, at ten o'clock, the inquest was resumel. The following evidence is abridged from the Maitland Mercury :— Elizabeth Parkins, residing at Stanhope, deposed that she saw Robert Charles or Easter Monday, four years ago. She saw a person assisting Mr. Johnson ui splitting, and her little boy told her it was Robert Charles. Constable Edward Urennan stated mat ne remem bered searching in the locality of the Tangorin Mountain, about four years ago, for a missing per son called Mr. Charles. Began the search on the ni^ht of April 5, 1866, and continued until the 14th. During that time he was on one occasion in company with Johnson, Mooney, and others. They were then in ihe neighbourhood of the Sandy Creek Waterholes, towards which the party were then proceeding. Johnson said, ' It is no ? use searching, he will never turn up. JohnBon's. manner was then very uneasy, and witness called Mooney's' attention to the -words he used. On a subsequent day witness asked Mooney why he was not out searching, when the hitter replied, ' What is the use of searching after what JohnBon said.' One evening when witness was returning in company with Johnson, the latter remarked that it was very curious that Mr. Charles should have left a pound, just the very amount that would have to be paid for the gun. Between the time when the search ?was discontinued on the 14th April, 1866, and the 19th of the same month, witness saw JohnBon in front of his house. Johnson said in a very excited manner, ' What's up.' WitneBS replied, ' Nothing.' Johnson then said that whenever he ' saw any of* those chaps (the police) he thought there was something up. Mrs. Johnson then came out and interrupted the conversation, by telling her husband to hurry with the corn, or ho would be too late. Johnson said nothing for a while, but afterwards said that if a reward was offered Charles might perhaps turn up. In January, 1808, witness was collecting the electoral roll and went to Johnson's. Mrs. Johnson told -witness tlat Charles had turned up in Ireland. One day during the Bearch Johnson asked witness whether he had said that he had seen Charles's ghost on the night that he had slept in his (Johnson's) place. Witness told him not to mind such yarns. Whenever witness was talking with Johnson on the subject of Mr. Charles, Mrs. Johnson alwayB interfered, and seemed to try to break off the conversation. Kobert Bolland deposrd that he know Mr. Charles about four years ago. Having heard that CharleB wag missing, witness assisted in the search. Johnson wanted to advertise for the missing man, but witness advised him to inform tne. police. Johnsun showed great apathy in the search. Wit ness thought at first that Mr. Charles had met with some accident, as he knew that Charles was in the habit of using the heads of matches instead of caps. Johnson said it was a hard case that the world should look upon him with suspicion. Witness told him to look dispassionately at all the facts, and he would see that the world must have great suspicion. Witness met Johnson on onei of the days returning from the search. Johnson sa d, ' It is of no use searching for him, Mr. Bolland, for you will not find him above ground.' Witness said, ' Well then he must be under the ground.' Johnson then turned away and left, as though he felt ho had com mitted himself. Witness heard that Johnson had, some time previous to the Iosb of Mr. Charles, expressed a strong desire to possess the novel called ' Eugene Aram,' and that he had, in fact, obtained the work. While the search was going on witness was in Johnson's house, with constable Leonard, and he got possession of the book, when ho found that the portion of the work which relates to the finding of the body, and Eugene Aram's defence, was very dirty and worn, and bore marks of having been much Btudied. That circumstance having occurred before the disappearance of Mr. Charles, caused some suspicion in the mind of witness. Mrs. Johnson seenied very indifferent during the search ; the only anxiety evinced by the Johnsons appe red to be to get rid of the search. The place where the remains were found was in an opposite direction to that Mr. Charles must hare taken to go towards the train. Senior-sergeant Thomas Kerrigan then deposed that on the 4th April, 1866, he received information through Mr. Colyer, he believed, about the missing man, Mr. Charles. The search was kept up for several days, but without success. Johnson appeared to witness to be the most reluctant in tie party. Witness spoke to him several times about his neglect in the first instance, and from Johnson's answers -witness strongly suspected there had been foul play. Witness sometimes entered into conversation on tho subject with Johnson in the presence of his wife, and when ever Johnson appeared to be rather hard pushed, Mrs. Johnson seemed to try to put an end to the conversation. In consequence of his suspicions, witness directed some of the police to be in ambush, and keep a watch upon Johnson and his wife. Witness caused a great portion of the floor of John son's hut to be dug up ; also the fireplace, stockyard, pigstye, and cow-bail, to try and find if the body had been buried. WitnesB afterwards got some rods of iron, with which he searched the bed of a neigh bouring creek, by prodding the earth as far as the iron would go down. Before the search was con cluded, the persons who were most anxious in it seenied to Johnson as his greatest enemies. When fresh parties came from Maitland to join in the search, both Johnson and his wife would get greatly excited, and Johnson, on one occasion, Baid ne was greatly astonished that the Mailland people should take such an interest in it. William Harris said he was four years ago in the police force stationed at Branxton. About that time, on Easter Tuesday, Mr. Johnson gave him informa tion that a person named Robert Charles was lost in the bush at Tangorin. He said Charles went out, sajing he was going out for an hour s shooting, and 'he would not be longer, as he had to return to Maitland by the train. Johnson said that Charles must have lost himself in the bush, for he had left his waistcoat, watch, a pound note, and a pair of boots behind him. Johnson said he had been out all day looking for him, and he felt very much fatigued, and his horse was knocked up. Johnson seemed much excited when he first came and gave witness information. During tho search Johnson frequently eaid to witness that it was no use looking for the missing man. While searching tho Sandy Creek with a blackfellow they observed two hawks hovering about. The blackfellow searched the creek for about an hour, but found nothing. The Rev. W. K. Colyer then deposed that he was head-master of the West Maitland grammar school. About four years and a-half ago he had an assistant teacher in the school named Robert Charles, who was recommended to witness by the Rev. Thomas Smith, of Sydney. Charles came up to Maitlund in December, I8li5. He told witness that he had some friends at Slanhop.1, and as it was the Christmas holidays, witness gave him permission to go and spend some time with them. On the Thursday before the Easter holidays Charles asked for permis sion to go out and visit his friends at Stanhope. Witness gave him permission, -with the understand ing that he was to return on the Monday evening, in order to resume school duties on Easier Tuesday, On that Thursday night witness paid Charles the balance due to him on account of his salary, about £4. Charles did not come home on the Monday evening, nor on the Tuesday, although witness anxiously expected him. On Wednesday witness received a letter [Marked A] from Johnson, as follows :— ' Stanhope, April 80th, 1866.— Dear Sir,— I am sorry I have to inform you that Robert Charles went on Monday morning after breakfast with lie gun, and was not seen since. I feel sorry for your inconvenience, as he said he was to return by Monday evening's train. — Your obedient servant, John Johnson.' Witness reported the matter almost immediately to the police. During this week witness received tho following letter (marked E) from Johnson : — ' Sydney, June 29, 1870\. Dear Sir,— If I can trouble a friend to look after and let me know anything of importance thut wauld concern me or my family as the put (sic) rery sore on me. Thank God, he has come to light, ; it is a consolation to those that upheld for me and family. Robert Charles and me are first cousinB. Mr. Colyer, be so kind as to forward to me to (sic) any information or any inquiries that is made. 1 wish you to have to to me (sic) all things per taining to him. The gun is mine, for I gave Mr. Peebles 15s. worth of potatoes after I heard he asked sergeant Kerrigan for the value of it. ? Mr. Colyer, please to have all belonging to him sent to mo to Sydney. I would be up but my present situation I cannot get away as it appeared in Evening Sews, 28th June. Yours, John Johnson.' Witness always believed Johnson innocent of anything like foul play in the matter. He could not Eee any motive whatever for foul play. Witness Baw a paragraph in the Ensign newspaper, which stated that Mr. Charles had beou heard of in California. ? Witness went to the office of * that paper, and found out that Mr. Thomas Ledeam had given the information on which that paragraph was based. Mr. Charles was about twenty-one years old; the description of his appearance in the Police Gazette (produced) is tolerably correct, except that witness would estimate Mr. Charles's height at five feet five inches, and not five feet six inches as stated in the Police Gazette. Dr. John Pierce then deposed : I do not think deceased could have shot himself and have afterwards thrown the gun away. Native dogs would have been more likely to have dragged the body down hill than upwards. One arm bone was broken, but I could not say whether it was done before or after death. The debris on the rock, I think, indicates that the body had decomposed there. The rim of tho ha. was there also. The appearances on the skull could not have been produced by a charge of shot. They must have been produced by a bullet or some solid missile. I do not think the ramrod of the gun could have produced such appearances. James Dean deposed that he was not in Maitland at the time when Mr. Charles was missed ; he heard of it after he returned. He was then in ill-health, and he went to stay at Mr. Peebles's, at Stanhope, to recruit his health. While there he heard of the missing man, the search, and the fact that strong suspicion rested on Johnson. Witness had known Johnson previously. On one occasion witness went to Johnson's house in company with Mr. Pceble'B. Johnson pointed to the fireplace, and said it had been dug up at the suggestion of Mr. Cracknell, but they found nothing. He also said that witness's flash brother-in-law (meaning Mr. John Tuck) had as much as told him to his face that he (Johnson) waB the murderer. Johnson said that he (Mr. Tuck) might thank his stars that some one was with him when he said that, or he might have been one. Johnson then said that Charles must have gone away somewhere and shot himself. Wit ness asked if he meant that he had shot himself by suicide or by misadventure, and his reasons. Wit ness pointed out how unlikely it was that a young man wjiq a situation, to go to, ana a ivaica ana a pound in hi6 pocket, should commit suicide. John son said that Charles might have run away, but he thought he was comfortable enough with Mr. Colyer, and he had not heard him make any com plaints. Witness asked what motive could people suppose ho (Johnson) could have for killing Charles. Johnson replied, ''None whatever; what was a pound or the watch to him f' Witness then asked why the people of Stanhope had such a down upon him f Johnson said it was because he had not given timely information to the police ; but he Baid, how could he, when he had been out searching in the bush for two days with Fred. Jones, and that Jones had then advised him to go and give information to the police. Witness then expressed a conviction that tho man he had seen on the Clarence River was Charles, and offered to write. Johnson said it was of no use, as Charles would not be found. Wit ness 6aid you are living under the stigma of being a murderer, and when a friend offers to write to clear the matter up you throw cold water upon it.' Witness then said he would write for his own satisfaction. Johnson said he could do so if he liked. John Johnson deposed : I was a farmer, residing at Stanhope, some four years ago. I knew Robert Charles. He was ray first cousin. I did not know him until ho made himself known to me, in tho early port of November, 1865. I supplied him with a horse, saddle, and bridle, and Is. to pay the toll-bar, when he went in to see Mr. Colyer. In January, 1866 I saw him as far as Mr. Colyer's house, and saw him go in. I saw him again some six or seven weeks afterwards. He came to my pJnce on a Saturday evening, I believe, and stopped till the fol lowing Monday. He then went back by the train. I did not see him again before Easter, but I got a letter to say he would bo up to see me. The next time I saw him was on tho Thursday evening before Good Friday. On the Good Friday I believe Charles was reading all day, and I was at my ordinary work. On tho Saturday he went out shootin :. On the Sunday we did not go to church, nor did Charles go out to see the neighbours thai I know of. He was in all day as far as I know, lie said he had to leave for Maitland by the after noon train on Monday. In order to catch that train he would have to leave my house about twelve or one o'clock. I was stirring that morning about six o'clock. He went out shooting with his gun before breakfast. The family had their breakfast about eight o'clock. Charles was not in then, but he came in afterwards, and Jiad his breakfast by himself, He . was* a very short time over his breakfast, and I then saw' him take the gun and so away. He was dressed in s: dark brown coat, and dark doeskin trousers. He was generally dressed in dark clothes. I won dered that he did not take his waistcoat with him. I was working at some bullock-yokes. As he passed mo he said, 'If you were in Ireland, John, what would that pieceof wood costyour' Isaid, 'Fiveorsix shillings.'' He said, 'Here you can go and cut it for nothing.' I was working all the morning in front of the house at the bullock-yokes. He did not work with me at all that morning. I was splitting that morning about half- past nine, but not earlier. I do not suppose that a person at Parkins's place could have thought there were two persons when there was only one. The only person who assisted me that morning was my son Thomas. I was splitting slabs all the rest of the day. When Charles passed me alter Breakfast he took a northerly direction. He appeared to go up towards Tangorin Mountain. The road he took was about thirty or forty rods from Mrs. Perkins's house. Mrs. Parkins's houBe is not a quarter of a mile from my place. I never told any one in this inquiry that I saw him go beyond Mrs. Parkins's. ' I never said 1 saw him go any other way than ub this road. I said so to sergeant Kerrigan, constable Leonard, and some gentlemen from Maitland. i was always anxious to afford every information to the' parties searching for Mr. Charles. In order to get tie dinner and go by the train Mr. Charles should have1 liteen back by twelve o'clock that morning. He di$ not come back then, nor did he come bock that Slight. He said he wanted to be in Maitland by the evening train in order to see some friend, as the school would open on the Tuesday morning. I first began to think he was lost on the Tuesday morning. I -went over to Rockliffe's place, and told Mr. Rockliffe that Robert Charles went out on the Monday morning and had not returned. I said if he was going out shooting I would go along with him. He asked if I was taking it so cool as that. I might have said I was sorry to gs to raise such a hubbub about nothing. I eaid that as ho and Bolland were makiDg one party, I would go round and make a search at Glendon Brook. I might have told Mr. Rockliffe that he might call the neighbours together, but I would not. I said that I did not think it was any use looking for him if he could not make his way out of the bush, for some day when he (Rockliffe) or some one else were going after cattle they would come across his bones. Why I made that remark was because one day Charles said he wished he knew a place where he could go where no one would ever see him, for he was tired of this weary life. I swear positively he used those words. I did not give this information bclore, because X did not think it was required. There waB no cae else present when he made use of those words. We were in my own paddock at the time. I was out searching on the Wednesday. I came into Maitland on the Thurs day morning, having called on Mr. Harris, at Branx ton, on my way. I went to see whether he had any information, or if he knew whether I could get a blacV' tracker in Maitland. I was out on one occa sion on Tangorin Mountain with constable Grennan and Mr. Mooney. I may have said it was no ? use looking, for he will never turn up, but I do not recollect using those words. On E ster Sunday evening I was talking- with diaries but we had no quarrel. Charles was talking about a church, and about the rector of the parish of Eildress, Ireland. Charles said that he (the rector) was no clergyman. I eaid shame on him to say so. Charles said he (the rector) should have received him (Charles) better when he called upon him for references when he was going out to New Zealand. Charles said, ' He (the rector) knew my father and mother very well, but it is the rottenness of the church. When he said that the wife called me away. I thought Charles was weak in his mind for saying such things. There was no iurther quarrel between us. The reason I would not agree that Rockliffe should call the neighbours to search for Chailes was, because I was unable to recompense them for search ing. I know constable Grennan, but I am not quite sure I should know him out of his uniform. Grennan was collecting the electoral roll in 1866. He came to my place, and something was said between us as to the remains of the missing man not turning up. Grennan came to my place Boon after the search was given up. I might have spoken to him in an excited state, and I might have said that whenever I saw any of those chaps I wondered what was up. I do not recollect what was Baid on that occasion. On the Monday when Mr. Cbarle was missing-, and on that part of the Tuesday, I was at my regular work. I was not out searching on those two days. I did not see JoneB until the Wed nesday. I did not toll Harris that I had been searching on Monday and Tuesday in company with Jones. I know Mr. James Dean. He was at Peebles' 8 some time after Mr. Charles was missed. I had some conversation with Dean about Charles. I told Sean that the neighbours blamed me because I did not give information earlier. I did not tell' Mr. Dean that I was out on the Monday and Tues day with Jones. I know Henry Garr.' He assisted in searching for Charles, and he afterwards went up the country. I remember Ghirr asking me whether I had any word of my friend. I told bun I had not I did not tell Gurr ti.at I had heard from a friend in California that Mr. Charles was there all right. I know the Sandy Waterhole Creek. I have been up there some fifty times since Mr. Charles was lost. I was never in the bed of the creek before Mr. Charles was lost, but I often went up the ridges orj each side of the creek. I went there afterwards because I thought it was there his remains would be found. I always fancied that Charles had committed suicide. I took a lively interest in looking for him even after the search. waB concluded. When Charles came to my place on the Thursday he brought with him some powder, shot, and caps. I always used to keep that gun in my place. I had no other fire arms whatever. I had no bullets in the place. I never fired a bullet but once since I was in the colony, and that was in 18S5 or 1856. I never went out shooting with b-11. I look at the powder-flask produced, and I do not remembor ever seeing it befoie. I look at the cap box produced. I remem ber that — it was my own property. It was that, or one like that. Mr. Charles had with him when he went out shooting. Charles had a particular way of walking. He leaned on the inside of the heels of his boots. I look at the sole produced, and I think if it had belonged to Charles it would have gone down more at the side of the heel. I look at ihe photograph produced. It resembles my cousin. I look at the skull produced. I cannot tell whether it would be like the Bkull of Mr. Charles. His head was a very peculiar one. I have read a book called 'Eugene Aram.' It often occurred to me that CharleB was as likely to meet his death by starvation as by any other way, but I thought he had committed suicide for the reason I have betore given, and because some of his family were that way inclined. Neither my wife nor any of the family had any quarrel with Charles. I never told the police I did not know which way Charles went. I was very poor when I lived cut there. The reason I wanted a bullet to Bhoot Thunderbolt if he came was because I had a horse to lose. I wanted a bullet to fit the gun, and I did not particularly want it to shoot Thunderbolt. I never mentioned the conversation about the suicide before to-night. I never spoke of it, although I now see that it is important. I swear I never asked Grennan if ho had seen Charles's ghost. I believe I was in the hut all Easter Sunday. I never har boured Thunderbolt at my place. I have heard that he used to go to other houses further up the creek. Martin George Richardson, re-called, stated that he had given evidence in this inquiry before. He was bound over to appear again that morning. He left Newcastle that morning by the first train. Mr. Mullen was in the same compartment of the train. They had some conversation together about the finding of the skull. Mr Mullens gave his opinion that the man was shot, and not by his own hand. A wonan who was on the other side of the compart ment said it was a wise man who would prove it. [Kir. and Mrs. Johnson were here called in.] That woman (Mro. Johnson) is the woman who made that remark. That man (Mr. Johnson) sat alongside of me in the compartment of the train. The remark was made in the hearing of Johnson, but he said nothing, Lawrence Rockliffe. being recalled, stated that he generally kept bullets m his possession, lie could not say whether Johnson ever sent to him for a 1 bullet, and afterwards sent it back by his boy. The wad produced was the size of witness's gun. At this point the inquest was further adjourned. 