In one of the election meetings in the Braid wood district recently, as we observe from the local paper, Mr. Gr. M. Stephen, one of the Candida es, was asked, ' What about the eight hour movement ?' to which he ie re ported to have replied: — 'He bo^ed it was no ' loafer' that asked the question. He bad often been compelled during his career io TVOrK IOUTieeii auu bi&itseu; uuiun a uujr. jolc thought it best for the employers to please themselves in the matter, an 1 he re om raended the person who put this questio ?-, if he 'ound the work here too hard, to go some where else.' We fully sympathise with Mr. Stephen in the spi it that dictated this reply It is quite true tbat any man who has to live by t is labour, whether intellectual or physical, in this country, has to work hard, and some of us may think tbat we have more than our fair share of it, considering the numbers of those who appear to get on very well without labour at all. Uorn but to consume the rruiti ot the earth, as the classic poet hath it, they ripen and fatten and sleep while others are toiling wearily. But, after all, their lot is not to be envied. Sweet is the bread that is earned by labour, and sweet is rest after it. There is, besides this physical enjoyment, a proud intel eetual feeling in the knowledge that »ur iabour, however hard to bear, makes us independent. The poorest workman in this country, who honestly gives his la our to the utmost of his power for the interest of his employer, in exchange for the wage he receives, is quite as independent as the man who employs him, and more so. As to the proposal to restrict the hours of labour by legislative enactment, it is perfectly ridicu lous. Suoh a law would be, in its final operation, far more oppressive to the labourer than to the employer, and the common result of it would be the misery and destitution of many families whose subsistence depends upon the exertions of the head of the house. In the course of the Sydney elections this cry of ' the eight-hour movement' was frequently heard, and the inference to be drawn from tbe vehemence with which some of the candidates were questioned on the subject was that rpular opinion was in favour of an Act of rarnament to regulate me matter. \jue ui the wisest lawgivers that ever lived has handed down to us tbe injunction that six days out of the seven are quite sufficient for labour ; ' but neither Moses nor the Divinity from which his inspiration came has said anything about limiting the number of hours that are. to make up the day. It is manifest that this is a question the decision of which must ' be regulated entirely by varying circumstances. No doubt where haste is not . absolutely necessary, and hard manual labour is required continuously from day to day, it would be quite enough to work say from eight to twelve, and from one until five. Employers in occupations not requiring speed must be shrewd enough to know that the least valuable labour is that which is exacted from over-worked thews and sinews. Discontent, moreover, damps the energies of the labourer when he is over tnskrri ; anr). in snitp of the nhilnsnnhv of Mr. Legree, the policy of ' using up the nigger' and getting another aft rwards may well be questioned as a matter of political economy. Yet all this must be regulated by mutual accommodation and convenience. 'I here are some of us who could not maintain ourselves if we were only allowed to work for eight hours a day. The field of our occupation would be gone, and we -should become helpless dependents upon society. It is because we are free ? to co as we please that we become reconciled to the toil, however wearisome it may be. There fs, unques iouably, something pitiful in the lot of the labourer compelled, for bare life, to manual toil from e.rly morning juntii the close of night. For him the e is little j.leasurc in the world, for even the rest on the 6 venth day is tut a painful iepose, disturbed by tbe consciousness of recurring toil. In all riiMi opcnnatinnK as would admit of the relax ation, it appears to us that it would be highly desirable for employers to consider whether they coul i not curtail the hours of .abour, with mutual advantage to the labaucrand to themselves. There can be very little doub', as a physical fact, that an over-worked popula t on transmits an enfeebled posterity ; so that, even 'n an e onomical point ofview, thelabou supply should be husbanded. This cons dera tion, however, is one which involves nothing but voluntary action. We telieve that in many cases large employers who limited the day's labour say to eight hours would find their work better done than at present, and tlieir men returning to it each morning with gr ater alacrity th n at present ; but each case varies from another, according to the circumstances that surround it ; and employers engaged in avocations which require long hours of labour cannot be expected to shorten them in obedience to coercion. Neither would it be just or fair to raise an outcry against anv man, or any body of men, who might find it consistent with their owu interest and their duty to their families, to work for any number of hours they pleased out of the twentj'-four. The raising of the ' eight-hour'' cry at elections is calculated to convey the idea cf invalidation ; I and the recent Sheffield disclosures have caused I and other associations based upon that | principle. Thus what is tailed 'the eight' hour movement' comes to be looked upon I with much suspicion and some alarm, and its advoca'es are regarded as troublesome agi tators, if not, as Mr. Stephen said at Braid wood, mere 'loafers.' The cause, in sub stance, is a good one, and. we have no doubt that employers as well as employed, where circumstances admit, will in due time see it in that light Meanwhile the very worst njury it could sustain would be by attempting t - promote it b y intimidation, and the grossest .folly would be to attempt to fix the hours of labour by legisla ive enactment. The Nathan Troupe— Le Petite Maeion.— Miss Marion Nathan takes a benefit at the School of Arts, this evening, -which is the hut night but one of the present season, as the company are proceeding to Goulbura. We trust the friends of the drama will do justice to the extraordinary and versatile talents of this charming actress, whose amusing and lifelike delineations have done so much to enliven the late holiday season. day prayer meeting in the Temperance Hall was held this day, at 1 p.m. The Rev. Adam Thomson presided. There were meeting for a similar purpose yesterday evening at St. Barnabas's School-.oom, where Rev. J, Barnier presided, and Rev. Dr. Beg gave an address; and at the Baptist Church, Bathurst-street, where the Rev. J. Voller presided, and Rev. W. Clarke gave an address. The last of this series of meetings will be held this evening, in the Congregational Church, Pitt-street, when a united communion trill be celebrated. The Eev. John Graham will preside; the Rev. Colin Jl'CuUoch will preach, and the Rev. W. J. K. Pidding ton will deliver an address. Pastoral Society. — A meeting was held at Denili quin last week for the purpose of forming a pastoral society, with that place as its centre, in order that it might have its annual shows as well as Wagga Wagga or Hay. It was determined to form such a society, but at an adjourned meeting on the following day, to hear a report of the society's -being actually started, a reso lution was carried, empowering a deputation to com ?municate with the committee of the Hay Society and endeavour to form a union with them. There was a warm discussion on the subject, and several of the new members promised subscriptions of from £10 to £20 to enable their own society to enter on an independent existence ; but prudence eventually carried the day in favour of union rather than opposition. BusHBAKcmG. — Thunderbolt may be dead (saysithe Arniidale correspondent of the Clarence Bxamintr)xmt he is said to have but recently paid a visit to the late Mr. Rhodes' station near the Big Hill, on the Newton Boyd Road, evidently on the look-out for another 'Regulator.' After mustering and inspecting the horses, he pronounced the best looking one too poor for his nefarious pursuits. Departing to his bush retreat, young Mr. Rhodes accidentally came upon him. There was a horse ready saddled and bridled in case of a em prise, and two other animals feeding at a distance in hobbles. The bushranger shortly afterwards left the locality, and is supposed to have gone in the direction of the Harness Cask River. The following additional special prizes were offered at the last meeting of the Northern Agricultural Association, to be included in the schedule of prizes for 1870 :— James White, Esq., five pounds for the best niv tine nf nnKUinrpH Anttfralinn frpnll Tn0A.t- Anr] fivr* pounds for the best assortment colonial tweeds ; Francis 'White, Esq., two pounds to the owner of the best Durham bull, and two pounds to the owner of the best Hereford bull, belonging to freehold or tenant farmers, occupying not more than 640 acres, including grazing land; G. J. Cobb, Esq., a silver cup, value three guineas, to the owner of the champion nne woolled ram, and two pounds to the owner of the champion coarse-woolled ram, both sheep to be selected by the judges of these respective departments from ' amongst the sheep exhibited ; the association's prize, for the best assortment of agricultural implements, was supplemented by George Loder, Esq., by the amount of three pounds. Atthe Albury Police Court on the 30th ultimo, James M'Gall and Charles Freeman, alias Michael White, were charged with forgery. It appeared that the prisoners had tendered a cheque for £27 odd to Mr. O'Connor, a publican at Belvoir, representing the cheque tobe signed by. Mr. J. T. Vautrier, of Dora Dora station. The publican incautiously gave the prisoners £15 in cash, and allowed £3 which had been spent in drinks, thus making up £18, the balance of £9 being understood to be still due to prisoners. The next day, on the cheque being presented at the Commercial Bank, it was found to be a clumsy forgery, the name Vautrier being mis-spelled ' Vbtier.' O'Connor then pursued the prisoners, apprehended them at Howlong, and handed them over to constable Morrissey. The pri soners were remanded to Belvoir. MEirOMAL. — It will interest the' subscribers to the memorial to be placed in St. John's Church, Newcastle, as a tribute of affection to the late wife of the Rev. G. C. Bode, to learn that, after some hesitation as to the form which the memorial should take, a stained glass window has finally been decided upon. The present cost or clianccl window will be removed, and its place supplied by a handsome stained-glass window from England, representing, we believe, the following scripture scenes: —The central lancet light will contain the figure of Mary sitting at the feet of Jesus, hearing TKa word; and underneath it St. John, writing the Apocalypse. The right side light— Timothy instructed in the Scriptures by his mother, Eunice. The left side light — The Good Samaritan. A brass border will re cord the object for which the window was presented to the church by the parishioners. The order for the window lias been transmitted to England, but it must be some months before its arrival in the diocese can take place. — NcvxMitU Pitct, Jan. 5. The Major's Creek correspondent of the Braidwood Despatch, contains jthe following reefing news :— Living- stone and party's crushing turned out 57 ounoes from about 37 tons of stone. This left a fair dividend, even after Xhe great expense in opening and commencing operations. The United Miners are now crushing Stuart and party's stone, some of which looks very good. An accident has occurred to the machinery of this crusher, which will T*revent one set of -the sta.inners working for a few days. The Homeward Bound still crushes about the same, eay averaging i ounce for 110 tons every week. This is a splendid plant of machinery, and works first-rate. Plumb and Co.'s engine and fifteen stampers will ere long be at work, and so will Mr. Dransfield's. The Oddfellows, after sinking fifty feet through bluestone (query? basalt), have commenced in the reef from the surface. The trial crushing will take place the week after next. A number of claims have been registered, awaiting trial crushings, but in many others active operations are being continued. Some of the stuff obtained in the deeper sinkings here is of a most extraordinary character, being in some cases of a black colour and a soapy like greasy nature, in the inidBt of which is embedded Urge quartz crystals ; in other cases very light pumice stone is obtained, in which are traces of gold. This is a most interesting locality for the geologist. A Sharv Chihiman.— A few weeks since a China man, known familiarly about here as Jemmy, was employed as an assistant cook at the Australian Hotel, but not finding that occupation as profitable as he could have wished, he threw up his billet and started off in eearch of any other, and if possible, better pnld employ ment. Jenuuy directed his steps towards Albury, and finding a number of German shanties in that district, in which a villainous, home-made, fiery abomination, known as German brandy, was dispensed on the sly, he suddenly became smitten with a. desire to prevent infractions of the law, and forthwith entered upon business of an informer. Procuring the assistance of a countryman as a witness, Jemmy visited all the unsuspecting retailers of illicit spirits, and asked for, received, and duly paid for a nobbier or two at each place. Having thus obtained proof of the sale of spirits at variows places, Jcnuny repaired to the Police office and informed against the offenders, obtained the necessary convictions, and then pocketed the half of the fines that were inflicted. Jemmy soon nutde more money in this way than he would liave scraped together in a life-time at .cooking, and is so elated with his suc cess, and has such an immense opinion of the value of his services to the Government, that he has announced his intention of proceeding to Sydney and applying for a billet as Chinese detective.— Wagga Wagga Exprtss. ScpebkaturaL Apr-EABANCE.— One night last week a young man was coming from Shoalhaven, when he beheld what he believed was a ghost, or something very like one. On crossing Mount Pleasant he was ridins leisurely along, the night boLig dark but sufficiently light enough to enable him to discern objects, when, without any previous intimation, his horse started at something. Simultaneously a strange noise was heard, and on looking down to the side of the road he beheld the spectre. The head was only visible, and he describes it as being larger in size than a cow's. The ears were as long as a person's arm, while the eyes appeared as large as a man's fist, and kept whirling round end round. The horse immediately started, and did not halt till near Kiama. We have been informed that another individual observed something startling one Sunday night, not long ago, about the small hours. He was returning home, and when between Mount Pleasant and Kiama, a creature in the form of a man, about six feet in height, with block stripes down each of his legs, and minus a. head, made its appearance very near Ins horse's bead. The indi vidual looked at it, nnd continued his course, but several times lie noticed it following him at a brisk pace. He immediately put spurs to his horse and the ghost taking the hint quickened his pace. They I raced for some distance, when suddenly the spectre j ' vanished into thin air.' Such are the circumstances j as related to us. We refrain from giving any opinion on the matter. They were related to us in all sincerity on the night of the occurrence, and the witness was I wry nervous, and ' nil of a shake.' The only couclu- I sjon we can arrive at is that the spectre might have j bw-n ' Pnrkoa'fi Ghost' taking it tour round the beloved I 