DALBY ANNUAL RACES. -Judgo: H. Thorn, Esq. Starter: Mr. Glxsson. Clerk of tho Courso : Mr. Jessop. Contrary to tho prognostications of a few weatlicr-wise amongst us, thoro was. no "regular pour down" of rain on Wednesday and Thursday last, whon ono of tho most successful race meetings yet hold in Dalby wna wifrnnsRpfl hv nnn nf tno nnnrnat nMrai- dancca over Been at a race meeting. All things aro by comparision, and. had wo not witnoBBed tho meo-eonrao on former occasions, when poorer horses and fowor of thorn contended for tho prizes, wo might havo thought the attendance good; but it was not so, although tho wenthor was delightfully fino; the horses, some of tho best in the colony, and the prizos to ho won woll; worth contending for. . Vory few ladies graced the meeting with thoir presence, and to our thinking, this alono would havo tho cffect_of making overything look dull. A kind of sottled sadness prevailed throughout, tho- only change from tho discontent that was apparent boing a very decided grumble at tho manner in which tho handicaps had boon arrangod. It was stated protty plainly that, the local .horses had been invoured, and wo must admit that Charlton waa hobr. Lied, by tho weight ho got; but owners of raco horses aro proverbially hard to please, and in this, rospeet a little grumbling is thbrbforo tp be expected. Our readers will bo able to.form .their own opinion about; tlio weights; all"" that wo can say— about -Olmrlton's Hspthat " bis" owner ' would- hav been oxtromoly foolish to .havo lei him win with that weight on hini. If -Uo had won. his handicap weight would, in all probability, hencoforth' bo regular crushers. Of courso wo do not know whether thohorso did his host, hut aro willing to boliovo_ho did. Still wo tako oxeoption to somo of tho weights,' as all; horsos in a handicap raco should have a fnir chanco to win. Wo regret to record an nceidont to Nightshado, ouo of the most promising liorsoH wo havo had hero. It' arose from "the. inovitablo bur" that always gets on a courso just at tho wro'ng timo; 'thiB liuisaiico got _undor .Nightshado's' foro-foot, .and almost caused tho liorso to. fall.. Ho, quickly rocovorod, howovpr,— and --mado-n-splbndid-offort;-;hut" lost tlio raeohioroly by a vory short length. His joclcoy (Cunningham) : lost much ground by boing nearly unseated; and' wo aro sorry to say Nightshado was pullod up dead laino llioro woro tho usual "Auiit Sally" and a mogry-go-round, both well patronised. Thoro" " was vory littlo drinking, and nono to pxboss that wo saw, and consoquontly no rows, until tho ovoning. of tlio soc'ond day, whon somo drunkards appbarod, and n fow prizo lights . took pluco. Some good inusio was' discoursed by what Punch has ungonorously termed " a band of tormentors." Tlio hotting was decidedly flat, and as our readers will soo, " tlio pot boiled ovor" on moro than uno occasion. ; . Iu tho abson'co of J. P. Boll, Esq. tlio post of judge was efficiently/ flllod by II. Thorn, Esq., pf Warm, wlioso decision gavo gonoral uatisiiiction. Tho stewards dos'orvo credit for thoir imuiiigoment in ovory rospoct ; but llio liandieappors, wo fear, will bo roiiiombeml withiioTkiiully fooling by somo wlio had littlo to say, and may lliorol'orp bo supposed to have thought tlio moro. . .; i " Noarly all tho places of business in-tho town woro closod on both , raco days, but all tho poopio could scarcoly 'havo gono 011 to tlio courso.for as wo liavo said, tho attoiulaneo was vory poor; possibly tlio closing all'ordud a good ; opportunity for stock-taking, or Bhnll wo say, ".sporting tlio oak against ghosts, " us wo usod to: do whon burning tlio midnight. .Anyhow_it_ia_n-strango-fiu:t- tiiat all tlio people.. wno closed up in tlio town did not; show up nt tho course. "Wo cannot close tiiis notico of our races without complimonting the startor and clerk of tlio courso. Mr. JeHsop had a difficult task to perform in somo instances, but his proverbial good nature prevailed ovor many difficulties, . and did much to provont tho fooling of dissatisfaction, to which wo have referred, from spronding further "than it did. Wo append the particulars.of each race : FIRST DAY — Wednesday, July 6. YIRST race, ' Tlio Maidbn Plate of £80. For horses that novor won a public prizo oxcooding£15. C)no milo and Mr. Harris' b g Ohovtdier, agw ... (Groor) 1 Pottondrigli's g g Dingdong, sgod... 2 Ball's b k Escort, .4 yrs ... ... ...(Bishop) 3 Rotting: Evon or Escort;, 4 to 1 against Dingdong, 6 to 1 against1 Jealousv and Obovulior, and anything up to 20 to 1 against the others. Elcvon horsos ontored, and ten c&rao; to tho post. A good start iras effected, and Broadbont's Jealousy wont away with tho load, followed closely by Harris Ohovalior. Near tho half-milo post Dingdong put on thostooa and come to tlio front. At » tliis timo it lookod liko Dbgdong's raco, but tho paco. was too much, and Chovalior, who was Bocona, kept it up witlTJoalousy, tho rest prcssing.him in a ruck boliind. At tho thp-quartor, Ohovalior camo forward, passed Dingtlong„and Jealousy retired, Escort taking third plaoo. In this ordor tlioy passed tho judgo, tlio raco boing wou easily by Ohovalior, bbcond bacb. ' ' Stoozmam'b Pubsb of £10. Milo heats) carrying 10 stono'; for hooks ; post entrance. Mr., Williams' Moadsfiold 1 'l Ahorn'sZoe ... 2 2 Eleven catered for tilts raco, .and oil got away fairly. Tlio raco was an indifferent ono, and no hotting worth mentioning. Tho winnor got an ad vantage iu tlio start in tlio first hoat, but ob tho cvont proved, lio oould win how hp liked. THIUD race. TlioSnonra, £30, jvitha. aweep.of £l-.onoh.foiLBecond: liorso'; ono milo, ono ovont. To bo handicapped ' by tho Stewards, or whom they may appoint; Ilolf forfeit to non-acceptors. Mr. Hogan's.oh g Arian, aged, 8 st ... fTurnor) 1 Flnnnory'8bhOharlton,3yrs,Ost61b (owner) 3 W. H. Kent's b g Cannon-ball, aged, 8st 4lb » ... ... ... 3 Betting i E von on Charlton and Zonobia, 2 tol against Tipplorj 8 to 1 against Cannon-ball, tho others notqpokon of. This was tho raco of this doy. Thero wore eight ontrioe7"sovon itartod. Tho start was offeotcd after somo litUo difficulty, but finally all got away on protty favorable torms, Canuon-ball loading. Ho kopt in front to tho hnlf-inilo whon Arian wont up, challenged, and passed him, Oliarlton tliird. At tho threo-quartors, Charlton took second plaoo, and until -tho finish this order was maintainoa. Cannon-ball was much over-weighted in this rnco, and somo mis take occurred in tho published weights in Brisbane, but wo aro assured no fault attaohes to tho stewards bore. Tho error of stating that Cannon-ball was to carry 7 st 7 lb instead of 8 st 4 lb occurred oithor in tho transmission of tho mossago or in tho printing office bolow, Fouaxn BACB. Ladies' Pubsb of £20 ; ono milo and a half j one ovont; weight forage. Mr. Ruddlo's oh u Premier, aged (ownor) 1 Skuthorpo's blk g Nightshado (Cunningham) 2 Four ontored, but tihaw's Tomboy nnd Flannory's Charlton did not go. Tho raco was a kind of match botwoon Rnddlo's Premior ond Skuthorpo's Night- sliado, and bat for an acoidont happqning to tho latter through a dog nearly upsetting him_wiLthink_ the block horso would havo won. Tlio betting was oven. At tho start, Premior got the insido running, and took tho load, Nightshado about a length in tho .t oar. Just past tho stand, a cur oamo on tlio Hno of tho race,' and throw Nightshado out of his stride, nearly bringing him down. Tho jookoy was very nearly unseated, and for somo timo could not get his foot back into tlio stirrup. Muoh ground was thon lost, Premier making traoke at a great ruto. At tho half-milo, Nightshado camo woll up, oon&idor-; ably dooreasing tho distanoo botwocn Itimself and Premier, and finished a game race within half u longth of tho winner. This was the best contested raco of tho day. Nightshado when pulled up was dead hraio. For tho fifth raco, the Hurry Scurry of £5, olovon horses started, and was cleverly won by Mr. Bonnott's Flirt. A second Hurry Souiiy, in whioh sovon ontored, was won by Murphy's Zoo. This ended tho day's sport. 