Horsptm, B (r£0H OUB DWW CObnESFOKDKNT.) ?f10 Christmaa Holidaysof '69 are past, and the ?fiople aeem tohaveenjoyedthemselveanotirith BBaudtng the timnderings of Anostle Burnett. ?Jt will be very difficult to eradicate the ancient ?Jhbit of baring sundry sijw at Christtau-time, ?BM yet I do believe that people could dance BB)at u joyously, and sing as jovially over a oun ?BJ coffee, as over a -ki: -oUoo of blueitone. Bf ( observe that Mr. llyiand has oontrartiots4 Bj7 report about fluke ciiitiog on the Luwer ?k awford Station, and I sincerely trust his cor ?fction is true; at tho iinta time, I would ?fture him that the fluke is a little gootleman ?Bio does not piit bis light under a bushel, and ?frier-ally manages to make his nreseuoe mani- Bjat Mr. Hylaod, however, is a- good tUtion ?f inager, and fluke, gUudera, rot, trot, or any Bjuor station calamity — cannot be laid at his BBnr. ?Tut Uev. father M'Kab, road man to hi* BjUowsn hen on the 3fltb December, and the Bfconle were, as the Scotch say, all 'unco ?kid.' It is to bs trusted that be gnt his BJ}iis' mis-box, and vrcnt on his way rejoicing. ?JpFbat mighty genius, your Fortiand corros Bp&daot;, »aem» to bave a dawn niwn '«n»Vfls,' ajsjsBpu wiu uui, vniub wy Kayraeo-aiory, notwitn BBuvUngtbeavidenceIaadu.ee; wlnoli reminds BE° of a tale I heard tbe other day about a man ?Bio wanted to pledge his Bible for a glut of BV^ft a°d 00 being refuted, declared that tbe BBjbkeeper wonld neither take bis word norths ?Bjord of God for a nobbier. Jack Sturtou whn, ??rough Mr. Supervisor Train, had furoislied ?Bptt with the, mitenat of a novel, exclaimed ?BJterH-ardt, 'Mr. Soott is s clever ohitl, but an ?B/fu' bsar,' wid 'Giant Genius,' in Portland, BJw-het to place me in the lame catfjpry. ?be We are oownn the cinfinni nf the va-p mtJA ?Siiob gsologi»tt have been predictinn ia to b« ?Se of groat unportanw, a-id in which there «re ?B be *-me grait csiilogicil eraais. I helisva, BB}wev»r. taese -3eaa ar« marvly conjectured, ?BJoaute geologtoal event* hav« oooirred at suoh BB't'y n note pati'ids, tint we have not sulfi ?B}ot 'lata to warrant our pmdioting their »? ?BrrsBde. BBjTbe l»rt great geological «vant m ? siibmer. BBf-».tba«au«eiroD.rmiriri« alluvial depiwiu. ?Vaalimvia it now ri«ioa, and a thooiana mile* BBu« wwt wart of Sootb A.mwio» tow imt feet in one uigltt within the last fifty years. \ t-siivjiis was quiescent until the year 03, when in oii'j night it became active, and oeered the gay cities of Pompeii and Herculanoum with asln'E — that was a great chimney- cleaning ! Comets liavc caused some geological events by coming nearly jn collision with the earth, l.eiuiracuinetuioritcd the satellites nf Jajntcr in 1709, and also in 1779, and passed tliis earth on tho 28th of June, 1770, so near that it was all but a miracle that oar poor old world did not j ield to its attraction and follow suit. A very slight submergence in the coast line of Australia would produce an inland sea larger thau the Mediterranean, on the banks of which new plants would appear, and unknown animals roam — for nothing on earth is iwmsuect, if there 18 any truth in the teaching of tbe past, or any constancy in nature— and who can say that thu present forms of plants and animate are more rixed and unalterable than they were ia former epochs ? And it is quite within the limits of possibility that a solitary member of the extinct animals, having adapted itself to new conditions of life, may still exist. Conse quently, it may be true that an animal of the pre-Adatnite appearance, inhabits U'Kenzie'e waterbole, near Hotspur. A number of respect able pen-pie vouch that they have seen it, and surely they cannot all have been mistaken. Tbo prospects of Victoria are very cloudy at present, and many people dread that after reaping there will be 110 employment for tbs labounug class ; and the anthem of Mr. Higin. botbam's republio will very probably be 'Hun- cry Day.' If the money expended on 'Verdon's folly,' 'the nucleus of our Victorian navy,' Den gratia I bad been expended oa public works, such as fertilising some of the forty-mile swamps, or making tho Glenelg navigable, we should have 'more work and leas jaw.' Vour readers will all be delighted to hear Breakwater, is now a certainty. Mr. C. M. Trangmar, a merchant in Portland, saw the Chief Secretary on the subject, and he Bftid the work would be commenced immediately by Srison labour. Here is a feather plucked from is chaplet of James M'Culloch ; and the con cession will help greatly to fix Mr. Mftcplieraon in iiis high position. Captain Bogan's ghost will probably take a cup of nectar in his bed of cea-greon flowers, by the dark and ttotmy steep Portland shore, and bow sing with glee — Our Brealcwater will stand, Kor the wisdom of our peers, The esteem of after rears i And Captain Hoean's ghost, Standing at the Flagstaff-post, Will ice this temple crown to In the bay where he wu drowned. The Breakwater in Portland Bay is, however, a step in the right direction, and Portland from its decadence will now leap forth like a Phoenix from its ashes, to impart new life into tho veins of its sisters around. It will become the Liverpool of Australia, and its merchants the mercantile princes of the South, The fame of the Chief Secretary will go down to posterity in connection with so grand an undertaking; and many a poor prisoner, less guilty perhaps than he appears, will acquire habits of industry at the Breakwater which will prevent his enter ing again into crime. Society will gain largely by the reclamation of men, and consequent re duotion of crime; and I would advise the pri soners to behave well, and we will see that ample justice is done to them— And von and every aur that dwells NcarOod will Be their tentuiels. We have had a visit from Mr. Geary, the school inspector, bnt for my part J cannot see that his visits are of much importance, for his examinations are very superficial. If it be true inac mose visits cost us *»w a year, we pay the piper whether we dance or not. We have too many over-paid officials ia our small com munity, and the pruning- knife in public places is much wanted. It is also said that kissing goes by favour iu school matters, and that some addle headed teachers who get large amounts of remit money are more entitled to a taste of their own birch. The scenes that take place in onr Senate House are causing us to be laughed at all over the world, and people are beginning to imagine that th& initials Mr. signify ' Mure Plunder.' The Parliament in Cannibal Wand, or Ya Htl, BcemB superior to ours in many respects, but wben our representatives get paid for pa triotism we may perhaps get oetter men. 