It ASURES OF AN EDITOR'S LIFE. Scut the subjoined from no exchange, and qie tBat at ubscribers who are disposed to curp and find fault, and coorespolndcnts who are duoply irate because their communicationn are unavoidably held over or oiitted will otudy the specification it contains of an editor's duties on a country journal. We can vouch for its correctness: "W)t111! 3Buy heo Morning Roarer arid edit i ? Not if I know it, Ithank you. You don't see why I shouldu't? Well then let me tell yo,. I'd rather turn. bricknrnker, cnllheaverc, wood-cutter, fencer, dithoer, anythlii, rather than turn editor nagin." llnuipriou, little ounn, was excited his small dlark eyes glit'ered like a ferret's his hair, short, wiry, and red, at the best of times grew uipwards inlstead of dnwnwnards nld looked like the clipped maine of at ihor s now, it stood failrly uprighlt, bristliing with ex citoment, like the hair on the neck of a Scotoh terrier whon Ilratlitng; it ph'inly said, "no air, you clin't ilnlpoes 1111011 ile-it won't do. I cUnl't nllow it for Ia ,nolnelt." It naused 11e to draw hli out, and so I nacled hirn iwhy not " Why not ! Do you know what sort of lllin ln l flie . ditor lrst ill, und what o'rt of 'li lt hh ll?dn? No! thon listtn. In tile flir t pliic , h ii i. li ii m i !fi ll O ,l p lii, hli ililut linow 'iwidltliing 11'I ntho |ai ot l il If hit !,::I , 't , Nothing 1on , lit thot a h ri i f t , ..l.. , I o hll. l ly o' r llrnr ll ti iist lll t# n yi ) ito ill ; r .I "lt 'l i rh, i ir, uIll '11111 1 ,11 0i- i Ii, (I? l i (l| hil (',ltilrl,, iri , :«,lli,, .lil, ! ,, ill,, 'i,;i;. lirl esi il iilhlli l i i tl l11 ll ,, l ia l i Ill W i it '. ii , ;lilt 't lil . riis ii, 4 i liloti, hlfi in i ii ji.1 f l) ., i ,, t i, l,, ( ; ti Ili) ?ot fit oli m , home, peace, quiet, comfort, and his wife and children. He must never want any sleep, but treat it as a delusion and a snare; and as for dinner, no man is fit for an editor who cannot make his Sunday's dinner last him the week. Be an editor indeed! Ugh, the idea is horrible! pass the wine." After viciously cracking a few walnuts Bumptious resumed: " No Frank, it won't do; it's a dog's life with a dog's payment. A man's temper must be angelio. He must rath6r like being called a liar and scoundrel than otherwise. IHe must smile at all scurrilous salutes from angry correspondents. Then the actual work- you've no conception of it. It's the old story over again-making bricks without straw. Take Dullpate's speech and report it. You've first to put it into shape, stiffen it with argument; supply it with grammar, cut out the twaddle, and make it intelligible; and next day Dullpato calls and blackguards you for not reporting him verbatim of course. Such a charming interview clears your brain, and you sit down to your leader. Tap, tap at your door before you've written three lines, and in steps Miss Felicia Warbler, to show you her little poem, commencing Alns, my pot of many days hba just done dying, And I, with bursting heart, must sit down crying. and so on for twenty elegant stanzas which, she thinks, will fill in nicely the corner of your excellent paper. You must not offena her-she is a subscriber; so with your best grace you assuro her, regratfully, that the taste of tle community is not sufficiently cultivated to appreoiato such poetry as her ; so with an air of interest, and without the ghost of a smile, you must recommend her to send it to a friend of yours, the editor of the Mudville Magazine, who, no doubt, will be delighted. The lady gone, you tackle your lender again-perhaps a knotty point on some constitutional question-you wish to do it well, look up authorities, arrange your argument, and so on; the door opens ' Good morning, Mr. IIeditor,' and in walks Farmer Mangold, an immense turnip in his hand, which he plnces on your table to enable him to draw fiom his huge pooket one of the largest, longest, and probably the dirtiest carrote you over saw or wish to see. By this time your table is covered with splendid specimens of Boglands, which Mangold wishes you to quote for its extraordinary fer tility; he is going home as soon as he can sell that desirable farm. You bow him out as cheerfully as your exhausted patience will admit, and find a devil waiting at the door. You know at once he wants you. Copy' is written on his face. I believe those imps enjoy the tortures they put you to. They know as well as you do that you're not preo pared-have not a line writton; but your time is up-it's no use-satisfy them in some shape you must. In desperation you take the soissors and cut out something, knowing all the time that you will be 'overset'-any thing to send away the iorrid spectre. I bo liovo no man more fervently hates the devil and all his works than an editor does." So eaying, the little man stops for breath, looks vacantly at the decanter, and, in a fit of abstraction, re-fills his glass, and does not re cover his presence of mind until it is empty again. Finding him silent, I look up and sdy, "well, anything more? " This starts him again. "More! I tell you, you people who quietly read your paper, and cannot take your cocoa and egg without it, know nothing about the labour-hard, continuous labour, wearying vexatious brain work-which goes to the making up of.that shoot which you idly scan, and then toss aside, with a mut tered 'nothing in it.' Bahb ! Nothing in it? It makes me wild when I hear a man say. this. Nothing in it? Give the same paper which you have contemptuously thrown down to a man, say in prison, or anywhere away from the haunts of men. Did Mo Clure, and his noble companions, frozen up in. the regions of eternal ice, say 'nothing in it ! ' when they got a paper from home ? No, indeed, the very advertisements teemed with life, intelligence, hopes, fears, and what is dear to everyone-news from home. "Not one in a thousand ever thinks how mush learning,. care, labour, and ceaseless indhutshy is required to supply him with his morning sows, and fewer still of the anxiety, worry, and omlortless life an editor has. Of course much topends upon the character of the man and theblass of paper he edits. In the large offices 'bhere is much division of labour; but in ma.v instances the whole work of a paper, not eochanicnh, falls upon the editor. VWhen this is6he case, if he is an honest man, with fair abilit., he is anxious to do his work well, and then' q really is one of theo hardest worked men in .., calling of life. I know what it is, and shua ,r at the thought of again undertaking sue, a re sponsibility." By this time Bumptious had cooled do.., We puffed our cigars in silence for some timei ]3Bumptious was getting cool; there was no fun in him at such times. To stir him up again I said, " politics must be a great relief to an editor." He-I rose immediately. "Politics, sir, a relief! I tell you an editor hates the very name. He eoes so much of the baseness, shiftiness, self- seeking, aye, and positively rightdown bare-faced lying, that he must be disgusted. As business he accepts it of necessity; but it is ashes in his mouth. One day he reports Mr. D. Rascal's speech at a public meeting. The next morning Ie re ceives a letter from that gentleman signed Honesty, exposing the fallacy and clap-trap of his own outpouring. Whichever party succeeds, hlie wants a billet, and anything lihe can do, say, or write to ensure succeess, lie is prepared for. Doctors andi lawyers are com monly said to view different aspects of human nature. I think an editor sees as much as either, and will generally side with the law yer. No, sir ; depend upon it, politics im prove no man; they blunt his moral sensi bility ; hie has so ofton to compromise between the right sud the expedient that they soon become synonymous teurms." '' No doubt, nio doubt, Be niptious,"' I broke ii), "you're I] ito righIit. Chauthbam wan it Ii rumba;, Pitt frr floe. Ijolifax trimmtied olwaoys oni till winniiriug. niiiiI Friirr irr too wioc joet nni itlpi ciiplei lie the rout. u oo't ohurfi, Frioi. (lod fortbid 1 hoburld rirlir thirt itidriditi of iroii riuna hauvo riot iiiiriitly mtire riiote('rhy e'ii hid far their corrot. try, wvith ru iii) i ieiii l eint viii ' cy hit thileei riwo rxuieptiilrie. I int I rpiiirhld thot rlilot oif yrorr Iirvonrirtit itatetilriel wrt in nuod hoitter rirro by jclhewieeprlj itetico, otor Clrint 'traoyl a dirty road without picking up some of the mire." "Well, don't preach, and I won't chaff. How do you got on with your correspond ents ?" " We seldom get letters that we care for, or that will pay for the time and trouble a perusal and correction. We've plenty of offers of assistance. One will, if agreeable, send tus a leader on some pet scheme of his own. An editor is often amused and some times angered by the cool way in which some one proposes to make a tool of himself and his paper. They seem to think hlie is a fool, and so he is if he romaine at lhis post one day longer than he can help. So I must decline peremptorily, decidedly, and most emphatically your obliging suggestion to buy the Scandal Town Roarer. I don't mind hard work. I'm used to abuse. I've an average share of brains, and more than the average want of cash; yet I must want both in a greater degree before I can entertain any such proposal. I am weak enough to have a lingering regard for my wife; and my chil dren, hbores noas they are, are not distateful to me. I know something of them now, and what home means; and certainly I am not prepared to give them all up for the pleasure of conducting a journal of small circulation, where the burden of the work fiols on the editor." 