•..-;'• ; ! ' Q A ' ; ; J i ; 1 ; •:-v. Ostblaay grp. ivisited theprlsSn: -I would riot have gone if ;I ;hii'd aiiy;"idea.<bf !the-terrible prison-was-cimparativelydecentand'^Liry. They: were chained by thelegs.but could m,oye about; ari.d'-'were Ibusy -at-!different;kinds-of work;'';'Their childrei»;we^:with:tbem.'iThey, themselves .were 'cleanand as : we.left;theni some money, they were in great ,glee.': it'was different the mek's' pHsori. ' In 'a.'large court-yard, somefifty or sixty garintand wild looking creatures sat eating,'gambling, and some of them'working. 1 They were chained at the legs, but their arms aud- hands were free, ,A.'more terrible aiid'^filthy-crowd I never beheld. Most of them were only kept .for execution. At first, they,', allowed us'to walk about, without apparently heedine us much ; but I.had provided myself witlistringp ef cash to give themj and assoonas they saw me take out the money, they, made a'rush at me. Iiegrand had - warned ' me not to allow .'them to touch'me as they'had almost-all terrible Bkin .diseases. ! There was therefore: nothing .fpr it but tp lay about me with my stick, ;to. keep them off; aud throwing the: money o ver their heads, they soon left us free in the scramble forthe cash.jni.dark cell, not far off, I found five poorcreatures undergoing the most awful punishment refined cruelty could devise. Eaeh had round his neck a board about four feet square, preven t- ing bis ever lying down or resting his head. I was .horrified to hear, that this awful punishment is inflicted for comparatively slight delinquencies; such as theft. They are condemned to three mouths of this torture, and few survive it. One poor wretch was trying to rest with his body on the raised floor, the head dangling out in a miserablo manner. They looked tired to death, and • stared at us in amazement. When they saw money, they wanted to close up to us; but their boards, of course, kept them at a distance from us. I left some money, and the gaoler promised to divide it- equally -among them. On leaving these unfortunate people," •I felt quite unmanned ; but worse remained! behind, for in theyard through which We had to pass, a poor prisoner was at tlyj.t moment •giving up the ghost. That he might be ready to be carted away, they Lad put .him in a basket, with his head and legs dangling out. I thought he was dead, for he was deadly white, with closed eyes, and his emaciated frame seemed motionless. The gaoler andprisoners however assured nie that he was not dead yet, but would be shortly. Just then, his eyes moved. Nobody seemed to care an atom for him. : It was a cruel sight to see; but the prisoners strolled about, the gaolers smoked, and all went on as usual, while thiB poor soul was'departing from a body kept ready for instant removal.— Oliamber's Journal. THE ABHLESS ABTIBT.—C»sar I)acorent was born in Lisle, Prance, January 13,1806. Born as he was without arms, what was he to do, even in this busy world ? • Each-foot had only four toes, but he early learned to use these to advantage. When very.ybung, he could with ease throw a ball, cut with a knife,' and draw lines on the floor 'with .clialk, and could even cut figures on paper with h>s mother's scissors. He early became a.good penman. From this he passed to drawing,, and naturally enough to painting, the wide space between his great toe and the next -enabling him to grasp his brushes firmly.'. At theage of thirteen his progress astonished Watteau, professor at the school of design who had received him as a pupil. Only,, three' years later he took the first prize for a drawing of the human figure from nature, After this he pursued his studies in Paris. He was of a lively temperament, and when iu conversation he became animated, he was mueh iu the liabit of gesticulating with his legs, as others do with theirarms. Someone has described .a visit to his painting-room, which is interesting:—" Across the whole extent of the canvas, ran, with incredible agility, like a fly upon the wall, the stunted trunk of a man, surmounted by a noble head, with expansive brow and eye of fire; and wherever the apparition passed along the canvas, he left the.trace of color behind him- On approaching a few- paces nearer we were aware of a lofty but slender scaffolding in front of the canvas, up and down and across the steps and stages of which climbed, and crouched, and twisted;—it- i8 impossible to. describe how—tho shapeless being we had como to see. We saw then that he was deprived of anns, that ho had no thighs, that liis shdrt'legsTwere closely united to his body, and that each of his feet wanted a toe. By one of his feet he held a palette— : by tho other a pencil; in his mouth also lie carried a large brush and a second pencil. And in all this harness he moved, and rolled, and writhed, and painted in a manner more than marvellous !- A voice, musical, grave, aud sonorous, saluting us by name, invited us to be seated. Then the apparition glided down the whole length of the scaffold to the ground, advanced, or rather rolled, towards us, and with a bound established himself on the sofa at our side. We watched him with' interest, and had a long ; conversation with him. He told us he had been born without armsj and had becu a painter ten years, aud was now making money by his art. He used his feet with alraoBt as much ease as people do their hands. Ho wroto his name with great rapidity and well, and told us he shaved himself.'' CHIG.VONS AKD TEEIB IKHABITAKTS. — An Italian paper mentions tluit at a recent lecture on the microscope in one of the towns in Piedmont among " the creepingaud crawl ing things innumerable," magnified to a thousand dimensions on the white sheet, were some of those peculiar insecls which aro Baid to hauut chignons and dead hair generally. One of these interesting creatures was presented to the gaze of horrorstricken ladies as large as a bug; and in two hairs from, a chignon exhibited it was computed that at least one tailiion were nidificating thereon. Two ladies screamed and a good many turned qualmish, at the idea of their back hnir being so lively,- and more than one chignon wearer seemed mechanically inclined to feel if anything was wrong, or, in plaiu English, to scratch her head. Although-one swallow does not make a summer, yet a pin maliciously inverted in the seat of a chair, will make one spring. Kit Barnes, the present famous man of Waterstreot, New York, is said; to have-a voice " like the tiling of a saw, nud when he laughs it resembles the agony of a door- hinge iu want of oil." recent speech. by/JMCr, Eease, M.E,, for South Durham;; he ^em^^A^^^^^^ltii^jS^' tive -vblumelately^pubiighed 'in,.rF , rfliicej''a 'cflrefd jeatimate ;l(cpmpUed; ifirom ! authentic recent Eur£peani<Wars. ^.ThejiCpmepn ..war) was stated toliav& cost *®84900>;Uves ;;.;the waraiOItaljr in-1857;:45,0$>; .Jri v^c%sw]&' Holstein;?B500^Tth'e Ajnericai;jvara-^OjQOO.; the;pruRsiau,,war^!^5,0D0;i;Mexicoaiid China, "66,GOO-^-mSk'ing! ,a.~ totaC- between 1853 and 1866, of l^SO,000 lives; and, besides all- these were tho maimed, the! halt, and the ; blind j.wh"owere : scattered over all • the nations of Europe. Between the Bussians 'and '.the Allies- there.-were more, than threS-quarteri' 'of'a million-men killed, each ,'pf / theni' at'tKe jpride of £433. On the .otlier.. haiidy the.!maximnm of cost was - reached in - the ,'Jbnerican 'civil' war. Each one of the 281,000 deaths (though this -is'ti,' Bmajl.estimate,,we. flhould imagine) .was purchased b^A^iexjgp^^qn'^jBlS^S', The tbelligerents .inJSputh. America did. 1 this Hprri- j ble business more clieaply,-..hot spending -more than £900 per man. Small wars are generally, costly. The jOanish war eixtin- ; guished 3500- lijires ^at ah' averag^ cost of :£2000.'. The cainpaign which !eridted ; at Sadowa must be reckoned, considering its brief duration, to Lave been. expensive., ,Every life -cost-nearly r £1500—Gl GAMBLIKO FOB A WIFB.—A very sad story is told by., the Virginia {Nevada} Enterprise. It seems that about nind months ago, a man living in the northern jjart of that city went out' into the eastern part of the State to-eeek his- fortune in the new mines of Nevada, leavii)g>liifi ;!wifa aiid vne child in the town. About two moiithifi after his departure; ashoemafeer persuaded this iady tp't'ake'upiier libode witbijiih' ib;-a;house which hie furnished for ter.- The new pair lived together .'until' the fc'egihniiig of last month, when their,happiness was somewhat clouded by the return of the hiisband. No little trouble ensued, but; at last the shoemaker and the husband agreed to plav 'a game iof cards, I" seven .Bp," for the lady. The game came »ff and the husband won his wife : back by! two; points.*' ' Both the shoemakerati'd-the wife - were iinuch affected, by the result, but the game had been fairly played, and the husband claimed the stakes. Accordingly the ill-sorted couple left the town on Sunday evening: by a fast freight waggon- for California. - "When the waggon Rtarted there was quite %a painful- scene; a crowd of nearly 100 .people coliected in North C-street, arid-the wife and , the shoe-, maker wept copiously. Theshoemaker, with tears in ; his eyes.'imformed ihe tiystanders that hehad lost; his - treasnre Bimply ; by not 'heldins enough trumps, ;»pd.;aeke3, seme iof tbem if they thought he would be -arrested nf he attempted-to jpull'. the .wjomati out ;of the waggon. : Thetjrowd, .who Bhowed-.mueh goed feeling, reminded him that }ie had lost her '"•on thfe«quare;V ,and that, rit , was his duty to-bear'.it- like man. •' In the', mean time, tho waggon rtio<v«(d on, and was'soon lp>t to sight, leaving the ; shoemaker in the most pitiable stiite of mental depression.- WiiiD HQIISES. — A gentlpmaii! on the Lachlau gives the following a&ount; cif the : removing-of wild horses; .to.; i&e;,.iPastoral Times.:—The greatest BUccesa 'ever known in this di8trict-..inrclearing .wild : horses, has just 'been "Attained on Mr.: Ceteris Jjake Walgiers ruii,. onithe Lower L'achlan.,. inuring the dry .weather, the ifjernifn defied all -efforts to get- shut of thepi in anysatisfactory manner; but, as the-old saying goes, it's an ill wirid thatblowB nobodyany good.' The present'immense:'flood so-'surrounded and 'locked in the wjld hprsea that the total number on the run,- about 40d' head,.were all yarded and taken -off the run. with ithe exception of about lOO-head that,were eo wild that tliey 'could'.not be got ;into the tailers, and they were rnri until they stood still on the plains fend-their throats were cut. Strange to say, not a r single, saddle horse was killedw broken down in liis work, so much dreaded for good horses');:-the system adopted being.posting fresh horses at various points of the plain, and allowing the wild horses to gallop themselves almost down through the bog and 'water before any attempt was made to put them into the' quiet mob of tailing "horses'; ; It was found jthat the heavier it rained and the more boggy the plains, the easier the wild hotses were out-! done.'" Some" more of ;t[ie lower Lachlan squatters, whose runs'are'infested-with wijd, horses, intend.at_pnce. trying" to get them off on the same plan. . - . ,. General "torn Thumb : is a Freemason. His wife is also said to have been admitted by an American-Lodge; . ,,, A MODEEJJ DESTROYER.—With reference to the announcement in :our last week's impression of : a new method of attack invented by Captain Ericsson, of the United States, ' we hear that a far more powerful system of attack, the invention of an Engineer; officer ofthe Boyal Navy, is now under the consideration of the English War Office authorities. Without entering into detail, ii may be briefly stated that this :systein of attack consists in the use of an" elongated shell-shaped selfpropelling torpedo, containing a .bursting charge of from 400 to 10,000 pounds of gunpowder, gun-cotton, or other explosive. It travels ntf, or 20 feet bolow, the surface of the wafer, as may be required, with a velocity of 140 to 500 or more feet per second, and will range in aqua from 700 to 1800 yards; and, paradoxical as it may appear, tho striking velocity at extreme range may be double tho initial velocity. Thus, this " destroyer" may be so constructed as to have an initial of, say, 300 feet per second, the speed may then fall, to 100 feet or 200 feet per second, at which it may remain uniform for 10 or 20 seconds; it may then increase in velocity to 500 or more feet per second, should such increase be found to be desirable. The great advantage of this invention is that it can be as . effectively used by the slowest as by the fastest vessels, or even by fixed forts and batteries facing the sea. The method of manufacture and mode of construction 1 are for - the present kept secret. The great objection to this invention is that it iB absolutely and .irresistibly destructive, as the combined fleets : ofthe whole'world could be destroyed in au'honr by Mr.-Beed r s ship "-Devastation,-",- now buildiug at Portsmouth, >if armed on the proposed system. •'• -• : A SEW COLONIAL GB&L.;—A warrant has faieon reooived from ber Mfijesty,' fdritardinc and'-au- Uiorising the'nse.'pf a new sbiil'for Now-South. Walesand'iU dcpoudchcios." The bBau^y of tho dasum of tins new seal is altogether a matter of opinion. «^ MOKEI;—Precious,.met?ajs are older than history;- Two-thousaiid-yeara before Chriaf Abraham, whose' silypp.and, ji^jgbl^. jf ^neriySriis;- 1 'says the Biblical r^'r/j, of JLi,. plielah—Where Jiisbones were,to rest beside those" of Sarah, -ihfofwife'-of his youth—for! " four hundre'd sliekels of ailver, curreiit moriey : ;with 'the^ merchant.''f'' ThiB Catholic version has it "'cothmon. curirent money." Heredotiis* a^seirts ttat"- coinkgfe' 'originated with the Lydians..' j?he!.w iprld's coinB since have been like .leaves ,'pf aut!tinin;! Most aro extinct, but: the :British;|iu8eumypfeserves tnore tlian- one hundred anid twenty, thousand varieties. The Paris collection,is still greater and is increased by two or three -thousand every.year. '.' The cabirietof the Philadelphia mint..' contains many;, antique specimens. Here are the self. fiame coins' Which piouB of their dead; to pay. bld.-^haron the ferriage oyer -the Styx. Here are fnces p/.i-nlersjandcap. tains down-to our own"id&y.; from j Alexander of'Macedpn;-'-and the mightiest . Jnlius who bestrode the narrow worlds -1ike;a' Colossus. '..- .SiOMrirj^s of tho . jj. .p^eypnts sleepi audbegefe the utmost dread of ippeiiding suffocation! '. These ^jjg ;are particularly recommended for removhig this affection because 'they , streiigth&i; the Nervous and tie debUitated, who .'are much more liable , to this .malady, than other persons.' Holloway's Pills so improve the 'digpstwn,,incroasptho jaction of the liver, arid' giye'activitjr to the boweli?,' that giddines^ headache,'^d : naiiseaj depart as the palpitation . diminishes,' liridthe'sufferer at once es- ,perieiu!es the most lridescribablb relieffrom am. iety.! '„. Holloway's Pjlls'formthe best alterativo and aperient iii all cases'bf ' convalcsoenco from fevers, 'inflammations,' Tienralgie arid all chronic diseases which have'impbyerished'thebloodand ? asgow, Weekly Express. , ..-',' - • •'•'..•'• < 