ENGLISH SPORTING NEWS. Fruii) litir»Lift !,- f,n,u(:n. The Ceswrewitch Stakes, u Free Handicap ?of 25 sows, cr.cii, 15ft., with 200 added, for three j ears old and upwards; winners extra; the second to receive 50 sovs. out of the stakes ; Oesarewitch Course (2m. 2 fur. 28 yds.); 02 subscribers. Mr. Nuylov's (Jlioiio, by Stockwull, 3 yra, 5 sh 71I- (]'. AVebh) ' ? 3 ?\V. R Stojichowcr's Joliu Davis, nRoil, li si 121b (Monlen) ? 'J Colonel Astloy'a Provider, 3 yvs., lisb 121b. (Jowitt.) 3 The following also rnn : — Cecil, Taraban' Gondolier, Cltmicnci?, Marquis of Carabas' Birthday, Phantom, Tramp (Into Agrippa- ]at« Tramp), Our Mary Ann, Lada.«, Lopez- Wildbad, Gardener (colt by Lamhtnu out --' 3Miss Peddie), Sylva, nnd Toby. Betting : 9 to 2 against. Phantom, G to 1 each against John Davis and Sylva, 8 to 1 ngainst tliu Miss Peddie colt, 11 to 1 against Cecil, 12 to 1 against Lopez, 1-1 to 1 against Taraban, 20 to 1 against Cherie, 25 to ] eacli against Our Mary Ann and Birthday, ?-?- to 1 usainst Provider. -10 to 1 each acainst Wildbad ami Marquis of Garabas, «'i0' to I against. Gondolier, (Hi to ] against Lodas, and 100 to 1 each against Tramp, Gardener, and Clcmenee. Nearly all the nineteen competi tros having been saddled at the Ditch Stables, they reached the post some minutes before the appointed hour, and were despatched without a. failure at 2.12 precisely; in fact the only animal who displayed the least sign of frae tiousness was Tramp. He wared up more than once, and directly the Hag had fallen to a splendid start, dropped many lengths astern, so time lie may t-e at once disposed or, as lie did not run half the journey, while his stable companion, Gardener, on the other hand, jumped away nearly abreast with Our Mary Ann and Lopez, of whom the latter took up the running in the opening two hundred yards, immediately pursued, after settling down into places, by Wildbad, Gardener, Our Mary Ann, and Phantom. Next to these, at an interval of a couple of lengths, laid John Davis, Sylva, Provider, and the Miss Peddie colt, with the middle division in compact company, the rearguard comprising Birthday, Taraban, Cecil, Gondolier, and Clemcnce. In this order they streamed across ' choice jade' at a fair pace, until approaching the ditch gap, when Gm'deiier retired from the van, where upon Wildbad and John Davis closed with Lopez, and the three came round the corner in a cluster, John Davis, in. the centre, imme diately assuming the command, attended on his loll by Lopez, and on the other side by Our Mary Ann, Wildbad, and Sylva to within a mile, of home, -when Taraban took a more for ward position, wide on tlio right, well in the wake of the Mis« Peddie colt, Provider, and Cherie, of whom the latter hail gradually separated licrselr it-cm the first division. At this stage, the Marquis of Oarabap, Cecil, Toby and Clemence, were hopelessly disposed of, and before reaching the T.Y.C. post, thn favouiite and the JMiss Peddie colt were added to the beaten lot, which presented a lengthened tail across the flat, and served to throw out tlio leading body in a holder relief. About two hundred yards below the bushes-, Wildbad and Our Mary Ann dropped back two or three lengths, and breasting the hill — a critical point with Cambridgeshire can didates — John Davis, hanging a little to wards the left, enjoyed a bare half length advantage of Sylva, Lopez lying third, Cherie fourth, Provider lifth, and Wildbad sixth for another fifty yards, when Sylva and Lopez were no longer able to hold their ground, and resignedun succession to Chcric and Provider. The hitter's fate was sealed before entering tlio Abingdon Mile bottom, -where Cherie got a trifle the best of John Davis, and the pair quitting Col. Astley's colt stride by stride, an exciting struggle ensued ; but, after dropping back to her quarters, John Davis reached Cherie's shoulders again, half-a-dozen strides from home, though the three- year-old ran the freshest and the longest, and gained an easy victory by a length aud a-half. Twice that distance divided the second and third, with Sylva, nearly as far again behind, fourth, Our Mary Ann fifth, Wildbad sixth, Birthday seventh, and 'Lopez eighth. Then, at a wide gap, followed Taraban, Gardener, Cecil, and Toby, with Lodas, the Miss Peddie colt, Cleroence, Phantom, Marquis of Carabas, and Gondolier, all of them thus being satis ' factorily accounted for in given order, leav ing it only to be added that the happily named favourite was the absolute whipper-in at the bushes, save Tramp, who, in an un sound condition, did not pass the post. Hun iu 3 min. 55 see. The value of the stakes, was £1245. The Middle Paiik Plate of 1000 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of ISO sovs. each, 20 forfeit, for two- year-olds; colts, S st. 0 lbs., fillies and geldings, 8 st. Gd. j certain winning penalties, and maiden allowances ; the second to receive 200 sovs., and the third, 100 out of the stakes ; Bretby Stakes Course (C fur longs) ; 1CS subs. Mr. Lyndon's cli f Frivolity, by Macaroni, S at If) lbs (including 4 lb extra. (Chidonor) ? ] J. Merry's b f Sunshine, 8 st 13 lbs (including 7 lbs extra (Daley) ? 2 Lord Falmouth'8 Kingcraft, 9 sfc 2 lbs, including 7 lbs extra (French) ? ... 3 The following also ran : — Pearlfinder, The .Recorder, Lady Superior, Satellite, Hawthorn don, Alaric, Cradle, Mahonie, Normanby, and Daylight. Betting : 7 to 4 against Sunshine, 7 to 2 against Hawthornden, 5 to 1 against Xing craft, 8 to 1 against Nprmanby, 10 to 1 against frivolity, 100 to 7 against- Pearlfinder, 20 to 1 each against the Blue Bell colt and Alaric, and 'lit to 1 against the Katherino Logie colt. A little time having been cut to waste in the earlier events of the afternoon, Mr. JVIauning was very expeditious in weighing out the field of seventeen, and as was the case in the Ces arewitch, the candidates for leading twoyear old honors behaved themselves extraordinarily well at the post. Thus, without any actual failure, the signal was given to a splendid start, and the horses stretched accross the course in such a level lino that we are tempted to detail their individual positions, the Leila colt, Kingcraft, Lady Superior, the Baron's pair, and Daylight forming the right hand division; while, stretching away from the left wore the Katherine Logic cnlt, the Blue Boll cult, Frivolity, and Mr. Bray ley's two. Then right in tlio centre laid Nor inanby and Alaric, with Satellite and Cradle on their whip hand, and Sunshine and H.iw thornden on the other side, of which lot the Frenchman jumped away ahead and head with the Leila colt, who in the first two hundred yards sailed to the front with a strong lead. He was immediately followed by-Aiaric, Is'ormauby, Hawthornden, Cradle, the Catherine Logie colt, sunshine, Recorder, the Mentmore Lass coit, and the Blue Bell colt, with Frivolity at the heels of Mr. Heene's representative, until approaching the bushes, when the son of Leila rapidly came back, and on the top of the hill he beat a re treat, iu company with Cradle, the Mentmore Lass colt, and Recorder. After these retire ments Sunshine and Kingcraft simultaneously came to the fore, aud in commencing the decent they were succeeded by the Katherine Logie and the Blue Bell colts, Normanby, Alaric, Hawthornden, and Frivolity, the majority of whom, however, began to hang out signals of distress ; and by depriving her unnamed stable companion ot third place entering the bottom, Frivolity completely shut out the chances which Hawthornden, Nor manby, aud Alaric had mevioiixlv iin.-uu-KKpil with the two top weights. Rising the linal hill about half a length before frivolity, there was nothing to choose between Kingcraft and Sunshine, and when, therefore, the chestnut slowly crept up to them, the issue iu the con cluding hundred and fifty yards became excit ing, Sunshine having the disadvantage of centre position, as the three closed towards each other, and thence continued locked together to the end. Daley was the first to move, and French immediately following suit, Kingcraft- shot out nearly a neck twenty strides from home, at which critical point 'a slight ' cannon,' originated by the ' hanging' of Kingcraft, ensued with the lot, and so finely did tl.o verdict hang in the balance that per haps the trifling want of elbow ,-nom suffered by the favourite gave the jiut to Frivolity a ' long' head, Sunshine in turn finishing a very ' short' head before Kingcraft. At an inter val of four or five lengths the KaUierine Logie colt was fourth, not more than half a length before Alaric, fifth, Noimanhy sixth, Hawthornden seventh, the Blue Bell colt eighth, the Mtntmore Lass colt ninth. Ma honio tenth, Piecorder eleventh, and the Leila colt twelfth, the rear being occupied by Day light, The Ca.miikuj.sjii he Stakes (Handicap) of 25 sovs. each, 10 forfeits, and onlv 5 if de clared, with 1 00 added ; winners extra ; the second to receive 50 sovs. out of the stakes ; Cambridgeshire Course (1 mile 210 yards) ; 1SJ subs., 78 of whom pay 5 sovs. each. Sir. Iloclgman's Vcstminster, by Glenmiisson, 3 yis, (ist -lib (Oradwell) ... ... ... ... 1 Dclntre's br f Ccnliij-nu, .'! yrs, 7st Sib (C'urrott) 2 l'ryor's Cardinal York, 3 yrs, 7st 121b (l'an-j-)... :i J he following horses also ran :— Rosieru- 1 cian, Typhceus, Van Ambur«h, Taraban, Bel Giorno, Perry Down, Lady Zetland, Ladas, Faii-wind, Border Knight, Miss Dayrell, Prior, Toison d'or, Lopez, Pompeii, Macdnn', Defender, Cocoa Nut, Far Away, Royal Rake, Atonement, Provider, Cherie, Kaupai, Sylva, and Assinehornc. Betting : 9 to 2 against Pjior, 5 to ] against Far Away, 7 to 1 against Cherie, ]2 to 1 against Vestniinster, 100 to S against Cardinal York, 100 to G each against Sylva and Cocoa Nut, 20 to 1 ngainst Typlirou.s, 2-5 to 1 each against Rosiciucian, Perry Down. Miss Day rell, and Defender, 1000 to 30 against Mr. Huglies's lot, '10 to 1 against Border Knight, /50 to 1 each against Van Amburgh and Cerdagne, 00 to 1 each against Pompeii and Provider, and 1000 to 10 each against Royal- Rake, Taraban, and Ladas. The field of nine-and-twenty reached the post within a few minutes of the appointed 2-10, and the body of hoivemen who had sur rounded the birdcago in order to watch the process of saddling, then making tracks in tho direction of the winning-post, the horses wero^ shown out very visible,, with the ditch forming a clear background. After four or f-ve failures, in which Cherie, Defender, and Macduff were the principal offenders, the shivering spectators received the glad tidings that a moderate start was effected at five minutes to three, and Miss Dayrell on the lpper ground, immediately shot out with a lead of two or three lengths, followed by Cocoa Nut, Far Away, Royal Rake, Cer dagne, Cardinal York, and Vestminstor, next to whom, in the centre, the bright cherry vest was quickly recognised on Rosicruciau. In the wake of those on the top side suc ceeded Perry Down, Typluuus, and Lady Zetland, aud on the lower ground came Cherie, with Prior, Kaupai, and Border Knight by themselves in the rear to the new stand, where Vestniinster took third place to Miss Dayrell and Cocoa Nut, with Cer dagne, Cardinal York, Royal Bake, aud Far J Away, still helping to swell the vanguard. At the Criterion post, C'herie, finding the pace too warm, dropped back in a lino with the second division, aud in rising the hill 1-- the site of the Old Duke's Stand, Rosicruciau gave way to some of his moie leniently-treated rivals, Miss Dayrell still retaining an undis puted command until completing tin: first fivo furlongs, when Cocoa Nut joined issue, and thej' raced head aud head n«-irJy to tho com mencement of the rails — a quarter of a mile from home — when Cerdagne, on tint whip hand, pnssed tho pair. Upon the instanta neous retirement of Miss Day rid 1 and Cocoa Nut, their places were taken by Vestminstcr, and Cardinal York, and with Far Away and Typlmjus now disposed of, Perry Down man aged to run into fourth place, with Royal Rake and the coming-again Cherie heading the widely-squandered ruck. From this point, however, neither of tho last-named stood a ghost of a chance, and with But ler very hard on Perry Down, below the distance, the issue, like so many of the pre vious engagements of tho season, resolved it self into a match after the compounding of Cardinal York two hundred yards from home, Vestminister having forged about a neck in advance of Cerdagne. Thence they fought out the verdict stride by stride, and although by 11 game eflort Cerdagne got on nearly even terms a dozen strides from the chair, it was a last despairing eflort, and Vestminister, gain ing ground to the end, the judge's Ji'at was three-quarters of a length in his favour, with Cardinal York third, beaten three lengths off. Separated tbrco-quarter.s of a length i'rom Mr. Pryor's colt, Royal Rake was fourth, with Cherie a bad fifth, Perry Down sixth, Ty phieus seventh, Cocoa Nut eighth, Provider ninth, and Sylvia tenth. Next in order came Prior, Toison d'Or, Far Away, Porn pun, Border King, and Miss Dayrell, while trotting home in a body at the tail end -were Kaupai, L,uly Zetland, Bel Giorno, Rosierucian, Mac flu IT, Lodez, and Ladas. Hun in 2 inin. o sec. Net value of the stakes, £1,910. 