THE BANK FRAUD. JAMES Calder was brought up, under remand from Friday, before his Wor ship the Police Magistrate (Captain Scott), charged with having conspired with others in defrauding the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank of the sum of £400. Mr. W. Roberts conducted the case for the prosecution ; Mr. W. B. Dalley, instructed by Mr. Williamson, appeared for the prisoner. Mary Rogers Whitford deposed : I live at Rose Cottage, East-street, Redfern; on New Year's Eve I received a brown paper parcel at my residence; I received it from Herbert Salisbury, the son of one of the prisoners in this case, I afterwards gave it up to detective Elliott, in the cause state as it was in when I received it it was Monday afternoon when I gave it to Elliott. By Mr. Dalley : I do not know prisoner Calder : I have known both Mr. and Mrs. Salisbury for some time ; when Herbert Salisbury brought the parcel, he asked me to take care of it for bin mamma. Edye Wiseman deposed : I am a printer, and until lately have been in the employ of Joseph Salisbury ; I know Gregg by his having been in Salisbury's employ ; Gregg . told me that he had gone by other names, and that he once assumed the name of M'Carthy ; I got a cheque from Salisbury ; the cheque was drawn on the Newtown Branch of the Commercial Bank ; Salisbury sent me, in company with his son, to that bank to got the cheque cashed ; Gregg was in Salisbury's employment at that time; I got the cheque cashed, and paid the money over to Salisbury ; the } cheque was for £5 I think, J James Morris deposed : I am Joseph Salisbury's ap ! prentice ; I have been in his employ about three years and a half ; I know prisoner Gregg, and" also the prisoner now before the Court, James Calder; Calder was frequently at Salisbury's in the months of November and December"; from the day before Christmas day until the Monday following New Year's Day, I was not at work ; Salisbury had no work for us during that week ; I went down every morning during that week to see if there was anything to do I often saw Salisbury and prisoner together ; occasionally Gregg was with them ; I did not hear their conversation; I have seen blank cheque-book in Salisbury's possession. By Mr. Dalley : I have seen cheques lying about (he < office, which had apparently been printed before I went into Salisbury's employ; there were as many as three thousand ; Wiseman, an errand boy, and I were present at the time Salisbury ? took the banks cheque- book from his pocket ; Salisbury made some remark at the time he took the book from his pocket, but I do not know what it was he said I did not see Calder at Salisbury's office later than a week before Christmas ; Calder once wrote an article for the Police 2feu\ a paper which Salisbury printed and published; after the ToUet Ifcics died, which was after " the prosecution of one of the v rites at the Criminal Court, Salisbury started another paper, called Once a Week;; a Mr. Davis, who used to edit the Sydney Times, was the editor of the Once a likely Calder commenced writing a tale for the paper; the title of the tale was " Sunny Australia, as it was " four or five numbers of the paper were published ; all this 1 occurred after the prosecution at the Criminal Court, which took place on tho 15th November; a person, named Gale, also wrote a ghost story for the Once a Week!. ; Davis used to write masonic nowa ; Davis was at the office constantly, whilst his articles were being got into type; Calder was at the office writing on and off for about six weeks ; I think he was in and out during the whole of the time the Police News was printed; Gregg was foreman in the office ; he must have known that Calder wrote for the paper ; Calder used to write some of the papers in the office ; after Salisbury's arrest, Mr. Ireland, Salisbury's a partner, tore up a lot of manuscript copy; he had heard Sulirbury oak Calder to write some seasons news to fill up the paper. Mary Tangee deposed : I am barmaid a the Emu Inn, George-street ; I know the prisoner before the Court, and I also know prisoners Salisbury and Gregg; the three of them have several times come into the Emu Inn together ; Salisbury and Gregg were the most frequently together ; Calder would sometimes come in whilst Gregg and Salisbury were there; the three of them were at the Emu Inn together about a week before Christmas ; I have supplied Gregg and Salisbury with pen, ink, and paper, when Calder was not there they used to sit in the long parlour ; I never heard their conversations ; I never recollect giving Salisbury and Gregg any paper or ink whilst prisoner was there I recollect on one evening I overheard prisoner say he had a petition before Parliament relative to the Volunteers. James A. Patterson deposed : I am an accountant in the Union Bank on the 22nd of November an account was opened in that bank in the name of W. Pearce; two letters were received ; the letters produced are the same; £1 was placed to Pearce's credit; I acknowledged the receipt of the first letter and the £1, blotter; I produce a pressed copy of my reply; I addressed the latter to Walter Pearce quaifzcrusheV, Auckland; the manager of the Union Bank received the second letter, on the 23rd of November, from W. Pearce, dated from Glebe Point Road ; the letter had reference to one sent previous, and which contained the £1 and the request that an account might be opened ; I acknowledged the receipt of that letter by post'; I directed the letter of reply to the Globe post-office; it was duly posted ; I produce a pressed copy of the reply; I know prisoner Calder ; he was formerly a clerk in the Bank of Australia. George Sims deposed: I sometimes visited Salisbury's house ; I saw Calder (hero in the latter end of December; he was there on the last day of the old year. The case was then adjourned until half-past 10 o'clock on Friday morning. 