Although Mr Longmore has a keen nose for abuses, and can speak out manfhllv when occasion may arise, ,Jie is not pos- sessed of the happy knack of putting his case in the most forcible light This foil ing was well exemplified on Thursday even- ing when the vote for the police force came on for consideration in committee of the Legislative Assembly. "What in most respects was a deserved and trenchant attack upon the Chief Commissioner and some other officers of high standing in the puwar iuiw, was ;tu; a umr uiarreu — addled, one might almost say — by the picture 3Ir Longmore drew of constables running about Melbourne with game hens wider their coats, and game fowls' eggs in their pockets, for the special accommodation of Mr Inspector Lytdeton. Honorable mem bers with the slightest sense of humor could not but be tickled by the idea of a burly policeman being called upon to quell a street disturbance, and seeing before him a divided duty — the preservation of her Majesty's peace, and the safe-keeping of Inspector Lvtdeton's eggs — the chances, of course, being that the eggs would have it, to prevent X. 44 from catching it Still there was much " stuff o' the conscience " in what Mr Longmore stated, as wOl be seen, by any one reading the Argus report of his speech. The other. Melbourne journals seem to have been satisfied with selecting the portions of Mr Longmore's indictment which were most open to ridicule, and thus inviting sarcasm in place of serious consideration. As both Captain Standish and Mr Lytdeton move in what is ' termed the " best society " in Melbourne, it was not to be expected that the Argus would do otherwise than snub Mr Longmore for his impertinence in daring to hint any scandal about the curled darling of the Melbourne Club, or that prince of cockfighters and ratpit men, " Tom Lytdeton," whose graceful though horsey brush has adorned the walls of so many metropolitan dining rooms. Accordingly Mr Longmore is accused of "calumniating in a most " reckless and disgraceful manner the " officers of the police force." But the reproof fells flat, for Mr Longmore declared that if he were granted a select committee he could not only prove die allegations he had made, bat a great many more besides of which he did not give the House the benefit. It is all very fine for honorable members to say that Parliament is not the place in which attacks upon the private characters of public officers ought to be made. This is a convenient way of shirking a grave responsibility. Unless Mr Longmore had made out a primd facie case against the present members of the police force what. earthly chance would he have had of obtaining a committee I We don't for a moment say that the impeach ment was done in the best possible taste ; but we think an allowance should he made for the plain outspoken utterances of a man with a real grievance, such as is Mr Long- more. Our only regret is that the disagree able task of indicting Captain Standish and some of his inferior officers did not fell into the hands of a more polished parlia mentarian In that case the public prosecu tor would have been praised instead of blamed, and in all probability other mem bers would have added their quota of valuable information regarding the every day conduct of the Standish clique. We well remember that when Mr Fellows, then in the Upper House, went through the whole gamut of abuse of certain honorarv magistrates appointed by Mr O'Shanassy, and in no way spared their private cha racters, the Council was with the ponderous joker, and the press, so for from censuring the hon. member, applauded the -courage and vigor with which he administered a well-merited castigatkm. Bat then, it must be remembered, the Larry Bourkes and Mick Doolans were not distinguished members of the Melbonrne Club, and their manners had not that repose which stamps the caste of F. C. S. It is the old story. of the big flies and the little flies ; and so it will continue to "be until such an one as George TTiginbotham rises in his might and bares to the very core the corruption and licen tiousness of certain officers of the Victorian Police Force. There is no need for the journalist to descant upon the penchant of Inspector Lytdeton for "duck wings" and "black " reds," nor to ask whether that worthy officer is cognisant of a clause in -the Police Act which expressly interdicts cock fight ing as an "Unlawful pastime. Neither is it required that we should examine the bet ting books of Messrs Coker, Thompson, Wallis, Slack, Saqui, and others, to know upon winch side of the ledger stands the account of the Chief Commissioner. What matters it whether Captain "Standish has broken the seventh, the tenth, or any other commandment; whether his tame -out of office hours is chiefly spent with ladies as liberal of their charms as they are free in conversation ; or whether the turning of a king delights his eye, and the rattle of the dice box soothes his ear during moments of after relaxation? Genius always has its eccentricities. Why not Captain Standish 1 Is he not an officer wnd a gentleman ; a duck of a man with the ladies, and the most agreeable fellow in town to lose one's money with ? It is with the Chief Commissioner of Police that the journalist has to deaL And we tell Captain Standish -plainly and frankly that the moral, and to a great extent the physical, evil condition of Mel- bourne is an eternal disgrace to his com missi on ership. , Bourke street, the. main thoroughfare of ' Melbourne, is a nest of thieves and ' prostitutes after uightfiiH In other parte of the metropolis even worse -orgies are carried on than in Bourke street. Drunkenness, obscenity,' rioting, and robbery go on unchecked in numbers of houses which, axe. .not licensed to remain open after 'midnight. Borne unfortunate wight who has neglected to "make, it right " with the police is eveiy now and again brought up, and fined for keeping his place open after hours ; but for one who gets a summons scores come off scot free. There are a dozen known gambling haunts within a gunshot of each other, but no policeman ever dares to .pass'flheieacreti green baize doors, for fear he .should meet liis inspector. In a word,' instead Of be coming better; Melbourne, is each day growing wbi-6e, 8pite of echools, ' reforma tories, churches, lectures, morality societies, and the occarional frdmhiationB of the un muzzled press. jFo the CbiefjGpmmissionmi., of Police ihe whntry looks, 'hut -looii in- vain, for "ah amelioration" -of ; the .-mighJy with yahi dh lIHbquinb'airiy refeks. " HaTO we tteen iw ' very wrong, thdn, in saying, that ,sq.; longas .Frederick Charles Staiulish remains at the head of the police force the social and criminal laws will be blinked and evaded? The orthodox policeman will continue to patrol his beat, dad in irr proachable blue, gi-- "- fully dangling a white cotton glove, and rejoicing in the gloss of his hair, parted carefully at the Lick, and there will be no public scandal in the day time. " What a fine body of men ' will continue to be the admiring comment of the sojourner in the city. But let the stranger " go the rounds " of Melbourne at and after midnight — what will be the result i The city will then ap pear to him in all its hideous nakedness, and misery and crime, and he will thank God that Ms lot has been cast elsewhere. Greater men than Captain Standish have been haunted by the ghosts of those whom they had foully wronged. We wonder if amongst other shades the incorporeal form of Peter HI Smith ever disturbs the calm slumbers of the gallant Chief Commissions-. Thehe is some shillv-shallvirm about the promised loan to complete the Ballarat Water Supply winch we confess we don't quite understand. It has for some rime been looked upon as an accepted feet that £170,000 for the construction of the Gong Gong reservoir would be scheduled in the new waterworks loan, and that the £25,000 balance still due from the Government on the old account would lie available with as little delay as possible. Now the chairman of the Ballarat Water Commission is informed by the Minister of Mines that no definite plan has been derided upon, that he must consult Ms colleagues, and that although Ballarat has a strong claim for assistance, and would be safe to pay both principal and interest back again, lie, Mr Mackay, was not in a position to give a straightforward answer to a very plain question. What has caused such a change to come over the spirit of the Minis terial dream, nnW it be the un quiet Brough Smyth once more meddling with what does not concern him, we cannot for the life of us divine. Why do Ministers say one thing this week, and palaver and rircumlocurioruse the next ? Will the patching up of that wretched muddle, the Coliban scheme, and the dis tribution of what water may be caught in the big dam, absorb all the proposed water works loan, or is the portion which should come to Ballarat to be reserved for the purchase of duplicate mains in case Mr Christopherson's fency patterns should all burst ? Or can it be that the department over which Mr Christopherson presides is jealous of the superiority and cheapness of the Ballarat Water Supply, as compared even with the boasted Van Yean ? The conduct of the Minister of Mines is becoming more unaccountable every day. We took him for a man of decision and action, but he seems now to be tossed about witti every wind ot doc time. On the mining lease rent reduction question he keeps feebly iterating the narrow views of antique diggerdom, and only the other day informed a most influential deputation from Geelong that he would have thought for more of the request for reduction if it had emanated from Stieglitz. As if three-fourths of the Stieglitz mines were not owned in Geelong. Then came the stereo typed twaddle about the difference between quartz and alluvial claims, in the face of the history of the New Albion Company, wMch expended thousands upon thousands of pounds in prospecting before an ounce of gold could be won to the good. Mr Mackay may for a time be forgiven for nursing Bendigo crotchets, and taking half- acre views of mining But we would re commend him, before utterly compromising himself on the lease rent question, to "bother business " for a week, and visit Ballarat, Clones, and Egerton. This trip we will guarantee to be a perfect cure for jaundiced eyesight. As regards the £170,000 for the Gong Gong reservoir, we content ourselves with reminding the hon. the Minister of Mines that Ballarat has the worthiest claim upon the Government, and that bnt for a distinct understanding with the late Ministry, Ballarat would before this have borrowed the money from another source. Sir Doane went straight to the point, perhaps with more valour than dis cretion. The chairman was the advance guard. We shall see next week how the main body fores, and until then reserve further comment. At twelve o'clock yesterday Mr Dnunmood, the returning officer for the Buugaree Road District, formally declared Sir Wo. Frazer duly elected to the vacant seat in the Road Board, caused by the resignation of Mr Surplice, be being the only candidate nominated. The declaration took place in the presence of abont a dozen persons. A special meeting of the Bnngaree Ploughing Match Committee was held at the Racecourse hotel on the evening of the 26th instant, when rules for the ploughing match were drawn np and adopted. It was reaolved that the rules and prize list should be advertised after the 3l6t instant. The secretary was instructed to communicate with three gentlemen, two residing in the adjacent districts and one in the district, to be judges of the plonghing. The poll between Bnninyongshire and Ballan Is now completed, the numbers being — For Banioyongshire, 108 ; Bellanshire, 106; majority for Bnninyoogshire, 2. The number of ratepayer wbo have polled are in excess of those on the ratebook of the shire of Bnnioyong. The latter object to over 40 votes given to Ballan, as the collectors allege that the own ere of some of the votes had placed calico tents on the ground a few days before the poll was taken, and a n timber of men engaged by a Ballan contractor managed by this me ins to polls number of votes. A scrutiny with the ratebook will decide who are bona JMe ratepayers, if it should be deemed necessary. The works at the new Town Hall are progress ing, although rather slowly. Yesterday two of the key stones on the large arched windows were fixed in, and other portions of the masonry are fast approaching completion. As the brick work will soon be proceeded with in earnest, the build ing may he expected shortly to make quicker pro gress. After all the tickets for admission to the recent Mayors' hall had been duly checked off by the caterer; and after the careful excision of the names of those persons who had been invited, bnt who, through indisposition, absence in England, and other causes, were prevented from attending, Hie real number of the guests was found to be 360\. From what we have learnt we fancy that a return ball is very likely to come off on an early day- .. w A special meeting of the Ballarat and Ballarat East Water Supply Committee was held last night to consider terms of agreement with the Bnngaree Road Board as to the payment of £600 to be expended on the temporary road at Fell- mongera. Before business was commenced, bpw- ever, it was decided to go into committee, and irar reporter retired. The hand of toe 1st B.VE. played as nsoal In the Bturt street gardens last night. The mildness of toe night had the effect of bringing out a large number of persons, who thronged around the pavilion and toe outside of toe enclosure evidently enjoying toe stirring strains of the band. The younger portion of the community was of course in.the preponderance, and although to all appear ance intently listening to the mnsic, yet appre ciating with equal ardor toe opportunity afforded of aaemhling at a public resort. . An application has been made to toe Ballarat Grand Division of the Song of Temperance for a to open a subordinate division at Amherst. The application has been granted, and the division will be -opened on Monday by Brother T. G. Dyer, D.G.WJ?., and Brother Peaice. We hear that twenty-three propose to 'jmnent themselves for initiation. .... .... Mr G. P. Smith's Liquor Yaw Amendment Bill passed its second reading last night wilijopt Ajdisdirioq.. ! ac Mr Chomley, secretary to the "Crown .Law Officers, has 'been appointed. Crown Prosecutor, while ,Mr. WeigeU has - been.jqipointed to Mr Chomley's vacantoffiee. The Geelong Police Conn, vis crowded to ex cess yesterday on the occasion of Frederick Brown being brriight before the bench on the charge of forgery, the particulars of which ap peared in this paper cf that morning. The pri soner, when placed in the dock, appeared to feel acutely his disgraceful position, and turned his back to the body of the court, hiding his face as mnch as possible with his handkerchief. The evidence for the prosecution was elicited by Suh- iispector M'Namara from Messrs Lewi1 Richard- sin, and Down, as well as from two lads, clerks of the prisoner and Lewis, to prove the receipt and delivery of letters passing between their employers, containing the bill to Lewie and cheque in return to Brown. Mr Lewis' evidence showed that after agreeing to cash the bill he enclosed it to Mr W. Down, clerk in the employ of Messrs Cameron and Gibson, who sent him cheque lees die count in return, and who after being told of the forgery got back the bill for it, tearing bis name, as drawer, from off it. The remainder of toe evidence with regard to this particular forgery, fully cor rctcnted what has already been reported in the Courier., with the addition that a letter of Mr Richardson's, found by Sergeant Toobey directed to the prisoner, bare pencil tracings all over the writing, as if Brown had beeo practising to imi tate bis handwriting. Sergeant Toobey stated mat ne naa aiscoverea ajso on roe prisoner ana in his office a large number of forged hills, as already described. On the application of toe police the prisoner was remanded until Friday next, and on Mr .Combe, who appeared for him, asking that bail might be accepted, the bench agreed if two good sureties in £200 each conld be found, aad toe prisoner himself in £200. The prisoner has not been able to procure it, and lies in gaol. The secretary of the Ballarat Fire Brigade wishes to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of cheque for £3 from Mr J. C. Smith, late of toe firm of Smith and Craig, as an acknowledgment for services rendered by tbe brigade at toe late fire in Start street adjoin tag his property. The secretary of toe Western Brigade also acknow ledges with thanks the snm of £3 from Mr J. C. Smith. A meeting of tbe Bnngaree Ploughing Match Committee will be held on Tuesday, at Carey's Racecourse hotel. A meeting of residence-area holders took place at Gray's Koh-i-Noor, at eight o'clock in the even ing, of Ihoreday last, at which abont forty attended, for the purpose of obtaining a reduction in the npset price of tbe Crown land between Pleasant and Talbot streets south, Mr Smith in tbe chair. It was agreed that toe Government be memorialised upon the subject, and that toe sec retary be instructed to immediately canvass the neighborhood and obtain as many signatures to the memorial as possible, and report progress on Mon day, 30th instant, to which date toe meeting stands adjourned. The first marriage ceremony in tbe Golden Point Wesleyan Cbnrch was performed last wetk by the Rev. Thos. E. Ick, M.A. A large congre gation assembled, including a great many young sters, who behaved remarkably well daring the service. A handsome family Bible, with the fol lowing inscription, was presented on tbe occasion: — " Presented by James Bennett to Mrs W. H. Eeast, in commemoration of tbe first marriage celebrated in the Golden Point Wesleyan Church. Ballarat, 19tb May, 1870." A meeting of toe members of the Bnngaree Torf Club will be held at Bentley's hotel, on Wednesday next, at two o'clock, to appoint stewards, arrange programme, and fix date of annual races That remarkable person ithe Ballarat corres pondent of tbe Herald, having exhausted the medical profession, has been taking a turn ronnd An hie riwn a/Winnf The fnllnvintT ie tha oun It. — " Diphtheria is dying out. Not so eeriona as thought." Next week the disease will probably have broken out in a fresh place, so that the sen sation may still be kept np. Apropos of diph theria, although not st all disinclined to splinter a lance with any respectable newspaper, on any subject, we most once for all decline to measure weapons with a journal which, when driven into a corner, stigmatises its opponent as "belching forth incoherent ravings." Fighting with a sweep is qmte cnt of onr line. We gather from tbe Clous Guardian that toe committee appointed at tbe late public meeting regarding the water commission have not been idle, as we hear that a memorial embodying the two first resolutions has been prepared, and an influential deputation will shortly proceed to Melbonrne to lay tbe matter before the Govern ment. We believe it is probable that a special meeting of tbe Borough Council will shortly be called to consider the propriety of cooperating with tbe committee in the matter. The sixth anniversary of the Albert Tent of Rechabites, at Ceres, was celebrated by a tea and public meeting on the Queen's Birthday. The tea, which was preceded by a procession, was par taken of by abont 250. Afterwards the chair was taken by Mr Cox, senr CJL, who, after a abort address, called npon the secretary to read the annual report. The statistics of tbe Tent showed tost fifteen new members had been enrolled dur ing the year, and at present there were three honorary and forty-nine members good on the books. The financial statement exhibited a credit balance of £194 4a 2jd. Tbe amount received daring the year was £72 10a 9)4; disbursements on account of sicknees only ami anted to ££ 2s 9d. Tbe report, which was considered to be of a h'gbly satisfactory character, was adopted. Mr Edwin Curtis, D.C.R, addressed tbe meeting at some length with reference to the advantages of total abstinence, aad of societies which handed together the friends of the cause, concluding with a few well chosen remarks on the necessity of a Permissive Bill. The Rev. J. J. I lalley, P.D.C.H., next spoke, advocating toe psssingofa Permissive Bill fie strongly urged toe desirability of a clanse being inserted in any bill dealing with the traffic giving tbe control exercised by tbe bench to the ccmrmnity, and condemned the system of beer, nigbt, and grocers' licenses. After a speech by the Rev. S. Mackie, the draft of a petition in fovor of a Permissive Bill was read and approved of, and ordered to be forwarded to toe represen tatives of toe district for presentation. Between thirty and forty persons, adherents of Mr Leech, met at the Criterion Hall, Outlemaine, on Wednesday evening, says toe Mail, and after due deliberation it was resolved that they take the name of " Universalists," by which appella tion tbe sect will hereafter be known. Mr Prit- chard waa elected secretary, aad a committee appointed to consult on nine poiata of belief, or what, by other sects, wonld be articles, and at toe next meeting the propriety of confirming these so as to be able to give an answer to any who may enquire of them. It was incidently mentioned that, "at the earliest moment, the Beet ought to open a Sabbath school, not only for teaching children bnt the numerous neglected yonth of Castlemaine." . . BachelJer's panorama of the American war wonld seem to have taken the peaceable Ballarat people fay storm. Last night the hall of the Mechanics' Institute wss nearly filled, and the spectators appeared to be highly pleased with all tbey saw. For the convenience of schools, families, and persons residing at a dis tance, the tableaux will be presented at half-past two o'clock this afternoon; and the nsnal entertainment will be given in the evening. On Monday night Messrs Raioer and Rose will give a performance in aid of Mr Blee, who so recently lost five children fay diphtheria. This week's Punch is a very good number both as regards tbe illustrations and the letterpress. PoorGraham Berry is made to cut a very ridicu lous figure nnder the satire of Mr Francis, toe Michael Cassio of arithmeticians. A happy por trait of Mr M'Lellao is given. Some lioes npon toe departure of Mr Butters to Fiji are tolerably humorous, and though it is almost sacrilege to parody the noble lines of Tennyson, " Home they broaght her warrior dead," yet toe fooling is so well done that we caDnot forbear to smile. Punch describes toe cause of the decay of toe turf to Ibe "tbe ringworm, a creeping Ithing, indigenous to Fencii-vania" We perceive by the. PoUce Gazette that Con stable Michael Tighe, who so generously handed his -revol ver -to Power, the bushranger, OB de mand, near Yea, baa received his dismissal from the force. Mr Dpffy, on Thursday nigbt, enquired of the hon. toe -Treasurer when toe Government in tended to submit to tbe Assembly toe immigra tion regulations, -and Mr MacBain suggested that when they were laid oa the table hon. members shonld be allowed time to consider them previous to tbe discussion being taken. "Sir 'James M'Cnlloch agreed to lay them on tbe table of the House on Tuesday next, and take toe discussion on the -following night. It was also announced by toe hon. the Treasurer (says toe Ape) ..that as soon as the immigration question was settled, the House wonld be called npon to consider, toe -vote for education. Very. little farther delay will occur in starting the North -Eastern- line. Yesterday's Argus re marks that it baa been'lately said that the contract for toie first four sections, of -the, North-Kastem Bailwaj.bas not yet been signed by the snccesrfol : tenderers, Messrs O'Grady, Leggatt, and Noonan. It is, however, only iairtp toese gentlemen to aay that they are not responsible, for tbe delay, Tbe egal con tract has not yet been received from toe Crown tolicitor's office. Whm it-is ready.Mesara O'Grady and Go. will immediately aign.it, In tofi meantime tbey .have'lodggijstjbB, whole of the deposit early £16jp00 — wjjth the. Government, and are pntofog jon their, "preliminary, arrange-' menta as rapidly aa pdealbTe. Another filicide! The Geehmg Adcrrtixer of yesterday says: — The holy, in a baa state of de composition, of a wood carter named Nanghton, was found suspended, with a rope around the neck, to a tree in the bnsb, near to toe Stony Creek re servoir, on Wednesday afternoon. Tbe unfortu nate man is supposed to have committed snicide. A fortnight ago be left his home, remarking to his wife that she might never see him again alive. He called at Mr Drapers store shortly afterwards, and paid a small account of 10s, and that was the last time he was seen alive. The police had scoured tbe bnsh in search of him nnavailingly. On Wednesday, however, a shepherd, in the em ployment of Colonel Champ, found toe body in the bnsb sb stated. Some days prior to his leav ing bis borne his condnct had denoted that he was suffering from mental derangement. The revelations made daring tbe last few days with reference to toe condition and financial affairs of Mr F. C. Oswald, manager of the Port land branch of toe Bank of Victoria, have taken the people by surprise. Delirium tremens, the resnR of indulgence, was tbe first development, "It then," saystbe Western limes, " was rumored that be was deeply involved in debt, and had not toe means to pay. Then it was stated that he was insane; which statement received counte nance from certain attempted acta of violence in his own family on Monday last, in consequence of which he underwent medical examination and a magisterial enquiry, resulting in a decision that he was a dangerous lunatic, and that it was necessary he should be forwarded to Melbourne for farther medical enquiry, wnd to be placed in an asylum shonld snch enquiry prove confirma tory of his insanity. Under these circumstances, many were disposed to take a charitable view of the case, and to attribute all to indiscretion and misfortune. This impression, however, has been dissipated by tbe facts which have been brought to light' ud tbe suspicions to which those facts have given birth; and any expression of pity for the Victoria Bank manager is now met by laughter or rebuke, as evidencing a want of pity for those whom he is said to have victimised. Both his delirium tremens and his insanity are now snspected to he shams. Mr Oswald left for Mel bonrne by the steamer Western, on Saturday : and in view of toe ensplckns which have been ex cited, it will be no more than is dne to tbe public, and to himself, that his affairs should undergo thorough investigation. That he should fairly have become involved to tbe extent it is rumored he has, is said to be impossible If innocent, it is dne to him that his innocence should be proved; and, if guilty, it is dne to the public his guilt shonld be made known and punished." Another notorious bushranger has come to grief. A telegram in yesterday's Argus, says: — " The Armidsle police having received informa tion of a highway robbery by Thunderbolt, went in pursuit of the bushranger. They encountered liim a few miles from Mslla, and ordered him to surrender. He endeavored to escape, and several shots were exchanged. Constable Walker pur sued him for two miles, when Thunderbolt got bogged. He turned and fired , at tbe constable, wbo responded, shooting him and his horse also. The body has been folly identified aa that of Thunderbolt." A proposition is to be submitted to tbe con sideration of the Assembly by Mr Longmore for a gratuity of £2000 to be given to Dr Lang, for merly a member for tbe district of Fort Fbillip in the Legislative Council of New South Wales, as a recognition of his services in securing the separation of this colony from that of New Sonth Wales. The commission appointed to enquire into tbe late collision at Footsoray resumed its sitting od Thursday (says the Age), when further evidence wag taken, and an adjournment was then made till the following day. As it is intended that toe scope of tbe enquiry shall inclndean investigation iiuu iijt-- carrying away or sue railway gates near Ballarat East, it is not probable that any report will be made within tbe present week. When the report baa been received it will not be finally dealt with until toe return of tbe Engineer-in- Chief, who is st present on a visit of inspection on the proposed North-Eastern Railway. A rather peculiar order (says the Herald) has best issued to the constables of the City police foroe by their officers. It may not be generally known that the officers are snpposed to make pe riodical rounds of their districts dnriog the day, meet every constable on duty in the streets, and learn from him if "all is right" The prin cipal objects of these visits have heretofore been understood to be that the officer may afford advice to any constable who may re quire it in the discharge of his dnty, and to see that every constable is sober and watch ful. However the officers have probably very often found it inconvenient to stop in the street to speak to a common policeman while in the com pany of a lady or other friend, and the order has now been issued that the Eimple seeing of an officer in tbe street is to be taken as a visit by the con stable who is fortunate enough to catch a glance of toe coat-tails of his superior. Now, every con stable mast daily report tbe visits made to him by his officer, and the officer on his part has to report tbe visits he makes to his men; bnt if nnder toe new arrangement a constable not having bis eyes along all the path ways within view, and up every street and lane he passes, fails to catch the bine of his officer's coat, and the officer makes report of a visit which is net acknowledged by the ubiquitous and all-seeing policeman, he is called npon for an explanation, which, if not deemed satisfactory, he is reported to the Chief Commis sioner. The result of this absurd and unreason able order is that constables have now to actually neglect their dnty to a great extent in order to not fail in getting a happy eight of their- officers whenever it is their high pleasure to walk abroad. Of couree toe giving of advice and the seeing that the men are sober and vigilant are ignored by toe present arrangement. 