CASTING OUT DEVILS. (From, the New York Tribune .) ' The determination of the human mind to believe in evil spirits, as if its own rascality and depravity were not suffi cient, is - certainly discouraging. There are those who apologise for this procli vity by attributing it to ignorance ; but at this time of day the human mind aforesaid has 110 business to be so densely ignorant as to suppose it possible for 1 M * 1 1 _ _ . ? I ? Jl ? 1_ aeviis ro taKe possession 01 ooys, xnougu these do sometimes behave in a way to lead to that belief, if we could but settle the belief that there are devils to. take possession in accordance with the credu lity which afflicts the superstitious. Some time ago we heard of a girl in Ohio who was said to be ' obsessed,' which is some thing more dreadful than being possessed of a devil, and a great deal harder to ?cure. We recommended in this case mild cathartics, but, even if they were administered, we never heard of the re sult. Now we get news of a German ycung man away out in Watertown, Wis consin, who has ''em' badly, whatever *l 'cm' may be. This instance of diabo lical agency having excited much atten tion, two editors (supposed to be familiar . . with devils) have visited the youth, and their report is thrilling in the extreme. The family to which the young man be longs came from Northern Germany — a country highly devoted to the develop ment -of spirits, ghosts, and demons. The youth's name is Siege, and a hard siege he was having of it long before he came to this enlightened land. His troubles began when he was about five years old. The story is that his sister found a duck's egg with a pin- hole in it. Under maternal direction she gave it to » dog, when the poor animal went* mad and blind ; the sister went into spasms, , and soon died; this boy became also blind, and was troubled with contortions. Also with 'jerkings.' Likewise with frothing at the mouth. Moreover, with ' looks of most malignant hatred.' He could -inly ' appease the raging demons by making the sign of the cross.' He 'was treated 'with roots:' he got no Abetter very fast ; and his afflicted parents ?determined to emigrate to this country so as to be able to try our Columbian \- .loots. , Bat the kind of vegetable proper for tbis case does not grow in Wisconsin. At any rate, the unfortunate German is having 'the jerks' and the shakes somewhat worse than ever. 'The demoniac symptoms' assumed1' an added violence.' He gnashed his teeth ; he threatened to break the bones of his little brother. Then the doors began to slam. Hollow noises were heard in the room. The family all had ' a rush of blood to the head.' One of the \- sisters had an illegitimate child to a Imtheran minister. Then the devil got into this poor family's cow, which ' reaped on her legs, smote her tail, and tihook her horns with savage fury.' Of course, this was too bad to be 1 borne,, and an Indian doctor was called in. This aboriginal physician tried ' plasters, ' but in a few days the plas \- ters refused to stick, and ' sprouted hairs.' Then thev summoned a Medium, who diagnosed 'a snake in the stomach,' the 'lashings of whose tail could be heard under the ribs.' Finally, the aid of the Catholic Church was:, invoked, but, the young person .being a Lutheran, there was some dis inclination to undertake his cure ; although, at the time of the lastaccounts, this poor epileptic had been carried to -fe&n;»hx and ' placed in different atti tudes before the picture of the Holy Virgin.' Upon this the spirits spoke 'in 'the Irish and Latin languages.' ' Four devils were cast out ' in one day,' and a pretty good day's work we consi der it. Was. On the next day three more were cast out. On the day fol lowing^', the most obdurate' agreed to Jeaye. ? But, alas, another devil, accord ing to the account before us, manifested himself, and, after being cast out, he announced the presence of four others in poor Master Siege's stomach. When . last heard from he was going to church ♦regularly, -but that he will ever get rid of all his devils is more than we can affirm. 'Now, here is a story which really belongs to the middle ages, or to some earlier period of the world's history, and which should receive credit at the present time only in some semi-civilised country. If we may judge from the narrative, the person said to be ' pos sessed' is an epileptic, suffering from a ' '' disease nearly incurable, and which, in time, is productive of many mental 'delusions. The reverend and religious ? man who undertook to relieve this patient should at least have called in , feoine physician of ability. If we hold \- that epilepsy is to be cured by miracles, let us at least comprehend that it is not occasioned by the presence of evil .spirits. What, pray, has the world .outgrown of the folly of its infancy, of the ignorance^ of its darkest days, if it has not outgrown the miserable delusion of a direct personal Satanic agency exercised over the brains, and the i bowels, and the stomach, and the ner vous system? What epilepsy is we partly know ; of these devils we know . nothing, and we might as well claim . their malignant presence in cases of cholera, of brain fever, and of hydroce phalus. But after all, it is a mournful consideration that hardly any cultiva tion (except a certain cultivation in itself of a sceptical kind) can save men from the folly of believing impossible things, and that too upon impossible grounds. ' There are educated men,' says Mr. Henry Kingsley, 'in England who,believe that Mr. Home was carried round the ceiling of a room.' The only safety for a man against intellectual delusion is in steadily refusing to accept i ' upbn hearsay testimony, or upon the conclusions of the senses, apparent natural laws which contradict those which have been fully demonstrated by the experience of mankind. Is there, can there be, such a thing as 6uper natural phenomena except by the direct interposition of the Deity for reasons which-tBftrry their value upon their face, ind5: which ' are consistent with the digdity-bf.a Supreme Being ? . i , ? r ...... 3-; 