"OLD BROWN, HYS DAUGHTER." I JL LA.Y OP WA.GGA. "WAQGA, I A STRANGER to fair Wagga bound, Who knew not of the Bridge, lio Cried '' who'll now row mo for a brown Across this Murrumbidgee 1 "Now who the douce are you would cross This rain beswollen water? " Oh ! 1'xn Bill Jones from Brown's, old hoss, And this is Old Brown's daughter. And day and night, in dark and light, Through rain and slush we've bolted ; And should the boss but cateli me now, I guess I'd just get colted. His stockmen hard behind us ride, In spite of all my dodging ; And if we're nailed, I guess I'll get A Government free lodging." Out spoke the Wagga puutman bold, " I'll cross you o'er, my hearty, It isn't for yutir dirty browns, But for the other party. And oil ! my word ! yes ! like a bird, And charge you not one stiver '? So, tho' its raining cats and dogs,' I'll punt you o'er the river.". : j ' " Oh ! come, quick .coins," fair Nancy cries, Don't mind the rain, iny love, nor The chilling sleet, I'd rather meet Old Harry than the Giiv'hbr." ? But as they punted o'er the stream, . That stormy jMurruuibidgee, Old Brown rides up-bu b has to stop . For three-pence at the Bridge, he . Forgot to bring the toll, and so He was not let pass over; And so was forced to let the girl Skedaddle with her lover. " Come back, you hussy, come," lie cried Bill, give me back my daughter, I'll square it up, and stand goes round At home, of rum and water." In vain he cried, he stamped, he swore, For see the maiden lingers, And Bill puts thumb up to his nose, , And spreads abroad his lingers. By the A uthor of " The Pleasures of Soap," A YANKEE editor says that the girls complain that the times are so hard that the young men can't pay their addresses. THE Princess Fredrica, daughter of the ex-King of Hanover-a wonder fully beautiful girl, tall and elegant, and just as stupid as she is beautiful is to marry the Archduke Louis Victor, youngest brother of the Emperor of Austria, one of the ugliest, wittiest, and cleverest men iu Europe; the wags are declaring that, as contrasts make the best matches, this union ought to be a remarkably happy one. CIRCUMLOCUTION. - A very polite young man, wishing to ask a young lady if he might speak to her a, few moments, wanted to know "if he could roll the wheel- of''conversation around the axle tree of her under understanding for a moment.".: . LOVE OF PRAISE.-An Irish orator, speaking of an opponent's Jove'of praise, described him as so vain in thai inspect " that he would be content to give up the ghost if it were but possible to look up and read the stone-cutter's puff on his grave." STRICTLY TRUE ?-A man, living down at Tennant's Harbour, Maine, being out in his dory, fell overboard, and not being able to swim, conceived the idea of striking bottom and footing it ashore. Accordingly, shutting" bis eyes and his teeth firmly together, he struck out for the shore, until, think ing he must be near land, he opened his eyes, and found himself iu the middle of a cornfield. HOLLO WAY'S OINTMENT AND PILLS.-Ab scesses, Erysipelas, Piles-Unvarying success attends all who treat diseases according to the simple printed directions wrapped round each pot and box. They are invaluable to the young and timid, whose bashfulness sometimes endangers life. A little attention, moderate perseverance, and trifling expense will enable the most diffident to conduct any case to a happy issue, without exposing secret infirmities to anyone. 