THE SOLDIER OF FORTUNE, A TALE OF THE WAR. THE AUTHOR OF 'STANFIELD HALL,' 'illSNIGKEV,' &c.; (Continued from Saturday, September 10.) CUAPTKn LXX. The grncrous kenrt heeds not the whimperings Or calculating pruJcuce, but follows Its own pvomptings.— Old 1'iay. In starting with Julian and Corporal Stoak, who was half mad with despair and jealou6y, in search of Lelia, Charles Vavasseur listened only to the dictates y\f l*t« liAjivf ? Iia nnrnr nn*»n t.liniMvlif: nf I the breach of his military duties, or the [ terrible consequences which might fol | low what, in nil probability, would l-c I construed into an act of desertion. lie f thought only of his friend, the com I panion of his sufferings and exile, I wounded and helpless — unable to pursue the unmanly ruffians ?who bad b.Tcaved him of the object of his affections. Much time was wasted in inquiries at all the outposts of the camp, and mid-day had passed before tbey discovered ? the slightest cine to the course * the agents of the ex-governor had taken ; even then it was a faint and uncertain one, Tlie sentinel who had b3en on duty declared that when he chal lenged tho driver of ihc curt the man had given the coun tersign correctly, and drove jiff ?with a rapidity which, under any other circumstances, would Lave excited his suspicion ; lm( Laving the word, he concluded that treachery was out of the question. ' And which way did the; go ?' impatiently demanded tho corporal. The man pointed to ilie wood on the south side of the camp. A brief consultation was held betwen the two friends As for Stoak, so greatly ws^ he excited by the loss of hi, pretty Peggy, that he was in capable cillier of giving a; opinion or taking any decided , .. step himself. ?J9k ' It is quite clear,' said the $? Pole, ' (hat treason exists in [ the camp.' I ' Treason !' repeated our I hero, with surprise, for it never I once entered into his frank and I loynl heart that it was pos I sible for an Englishman to be I tray his country. ' You are I -—you must he in error.' ' Can you explain,' continued Julian, ' by any other means how the agents of the Grand Duke Constantino knew the countersign ?' Charles remained silent. ' .And that they did possess it is clear.' ' Certain,' replied the former ; ' the gold of Russia has corrupted the fidelity of some miserable wretch, who — ' *' Not the gold,' interrupted his friend ; ' there have been other engines at work. Passions and interests have been played on. Although a prisoner, our ancient oppressor has not been idle. g- He is one of those men who have grown I gray in base intrigues, who has made it K the purpose of his life to study hnman ? nature, to bend it to his purposes. ? Think you,' he added, « that so fair an B opportunity as the character of your H cousin afforded has been cither unseen ? «r neglected.' H ' Cuthbcrt !' exclaimed our hero, in ^B a tone of surprise and sorrow ; ' no, H no, you mistake him, Julian : great as is ^B his hatred to me, desperate as I suspect ^m the means by which he has endeavoured H to Temove me from his path, I cannot ? believe him capable of an act which ? would brand Jbis same with infamy, to say nothing of the danger to which it w 'iild expose him. You wrong him.' ' You shall judge,' gravely answered the Pole. ' From the hour when I first became acquainted with his presence in the army, I have had my eyes upon him, and from his actions have judged the man. Your quarrel with his ser vant was incited by him.' ' Granted.' 11 The attempt upjn your life, which the devotion of Jack defeated, was also you cousin s suggestion.' Charles remined silent. He had never doubtc 1 for an instant that such really was the case, although he foibore to declare his opinion. ' And the shot,' continued the speaker ' which sent the assassin to his account, sealing his lips for ever, was fired by the hand that pai 1 him for his previous villany. Is it too much, then, to sup pose that the man who could descend to ' murder, would hesitate at treason ? No! his intimacy with General Scratchcnoff, as the ex-governor of Chcritz Khan now calls himself, explains the facility with which the abduction of Lelia has been j accomplished.' I There was a terrible logic in the words of Julian, which his heart could not dis prove, and ho blushed to think that his name — the name of Vavasseur — of which he felt so proud, might one day be branded with dishonour, and made a by-word for treason and baseness. ' It is terrible,' he observed at last, ' to reflect upon what man's evil pas sions make him.' ' We are what we make ourselves,' replied the Pole ; ' the evil passions you complain of were given us to sub due — tasks for the exercise ofviituc — battles to which none arc Ecnt unarmed, unless deprived of reason. Few of us can look back without recalling some fierce struggle with our earthly nature ; and those are happiest who have won the victory. But enough of this; I am playing the philosopher when I should act the friend.' _ After a brief consultation, it was do tided that the party should follow the direction indicated by the sentinel, and explore the wood. The ground was soft from the rain which had lately fallen, and the friends trusted to the ruts made by the wheels of poor Peggy's cart as a clue to guide them. To experienced hunters like Julian and Charles, the track would be sufficient evidence. They had not proceeded about two miles, when the corporal, who, in his impatience, had advanced before them, drew suddenly up, and stood with his hand to his cap. The cause was ex plained before either of his companions could demand it, by the appearance of several officers, who followed by an es cort, turned an abrupt angle of the wood. The foremost rider was Colonel Morley, next came Captain Craven, Cuthbcrt, and an aide-de-camp, who were followed by two personages whose uniforms were concealed by largo mili tary cloaks. It was evident from the deference with which they were treated that they were of high rank in the army. On seeing two men in the uniform of his regiment 60 far from the outpost, Colonel Morley reined up his charger, and called to them to advance. Stoak and our hero drew near and saluted him. J ' Deserting !' said their commander, i in a severe tone. ' Deserting !' repeated the corporal, with more warmth than respect. ' 1 1 thought, Colonel, you knew me better. I Haven't I been in the regiment, man and boy, thirty-five years ? Haven't I a good conduct stripe ? Has my name ever been on the punishment list ? : Haven't you yourself said that there j wasn't a better man in the service ? Deserting ! and to the rascally Russians who have robbed me of my wife, my darling Peggy ! That's had enough to bear, but to be taken for a — a — ' Indignation and grief choked the poor fellow's utterance. Morcly, who at first fuilod to recognise him, felt con vinced that whatever the intentions of his companion might have been, he had wronged Peter by his suspicions. ' Explain yonrself clearly, my poor fellow,' he Paid. ' I can't explain ; shoot me if you like,' muttered the corporal. ' Desert, indeed !' As briefly as pofsible our hero re lated the abduction of Lelia and Peggy, the manner in which it had been accom plished, and how he and the ontraged husband bad started to follow the rav ishcrs. ' Of course you asked the permission of the major ?' observed the colonel. ' I forgot that I was a soldier,' re plied Charles, colouring deeply, ' and remembered only that I was a friend.' ' It is fortunate that we have met, young man,' said his commanding offi cer ?, ' the consequences otherwise might have been more serious than yon imagine. I grant you and Steak leave of absence for three days; beware how you exceed tlto. time.' The only person sufficiently near to Colonel Merely to hear his words when the permission was given wa§ Cuthbert Yavnssenr, and a scowl of disappoint ment and anger passed over his face. One part of his execrable project ap peared to be defeated. ' At the expiration of your leave,' continued the speaker, ' yon and Stoak, whether successful or not in your search, must return to the regiment. A dny later and you will both be considered and treated as deserters.' So saying, he turned his horse's head, and rejoined the party he had quitted at a brisk trot. That Paine night tho Colonel was ordered by General Tawn to make a re cognisance, at a point not more than two miles from the spot where he had met our hero and his companions. They encountered a piquet of Russians, who fled at their approach, but unfortunately fired first, and Morel y fell, his death deeply lamented by all who served un der him, save one, and to that one his fate was a source of joy — for in the hurry of starting on his ill-fated expe dition, the Colonel had forgotten to write in the orderly book the leave of absence he had granted to Stoak und Charles, who, consequently, were looked upon by all in the regiment as having gone over to the enemy. When we say all, as a matter of course we except Jack Curling and Serjeant Bailey. The suspicions of the former, when he heard that his young master was missing; were directed to Cuthbcrt, and be threatened that if any harm had befalles our hero, his dastardly cousin should answer dearly for it ; and he was ex actly the kind of person to keep bis word. Bailey, whose remorse for the share lie had had in the ruin of our hero's prospects was deep and sincere, over heard more than one of these threats, and anxious to prevent the terrible consequences of imy outburst of indig nation on the part of Jack Curling, con trived that the latter should be included in n draft of his regiment who were to be sent the next day to Balrclava — where confusion had established her reign — where stores of provisions and ammuni tion were lying on the quays for want oi ii ruuu vu touvcy uieui tv the camp. At break of day the de tachment started. Many and bitter were the murmurings of the brave fellows as they waded through what had now become a perfect morass. Sometimes they were up t-j their knees in mud ; then, by nay of variety, scrambling; through low, stunted, prickly brushwoo 1, a cold sleety raia pelt tig in their faces. 'A Lit lie.' tho men ob served, ' would have beca. child's play to it.' On tlseir way (hoy encoun tered [allies of soldiers laden like nuilof — some with shot, others with provisions — oil cursing niul grumbling at the want of forcsifrht which ren dered such toil imlifpensibie to the safety uf llie army. None endured those suffer ings better than Jack. The rude apprenticeship lie Ji^-ii served in isilieria, and during his escape, had hardened him; and had hi- heart been less heavy with forebodings as w the fate of Charles, he would have smiled at tbo rest. As it was, he marched sullenly and glooinilv, appearing ia t:ike a savage delight in crick fresh hardship as it presented itself. It was nightfall before thf y reached tlieir destine! ion, where no arrangements haci been made for their reception. The consequence \va^ that the detachment were compelled to make themselves as comfort ably as they could, and passed the night m one of uie churches, to the intense horror of the Greek priests, who deemed the temple polluted by the presence of the un washed, hungry heretics. It is not our intention to dwell upon the want of organisation, both in com missariat and engineering departments, which produced such disastrous results to our army in the East. A far abler pen has already described them. Casks of biscuit and beef, with no other corer ing than a tarpaulin thrown carelessly over them, were rotting in the wet ; the quays so encumbered with packages that circulation was impeded ; clerks and storekeepers were running about madly, asking for orders which no on« appeared authorised to give ; surgeons entreating for medical stores buried in the holds of vessels unable to dis charge their cargoes. Babel must have been an orderly and comfortable place in comparison to it. ' Well,' thought Jack, as he stood leaning on his musket in his sentry-box, and coolly surveying the scene, 'if this be soldiering and glory, givfi me the plough tail at home, Siberia be a paradise to it. What would folk say to it it England, if they could see it ?' JACK CURLING'S UNEXPECTED MEETINQ WITH SU8A.V, OH THE QUAY AT UALAKIAVA. This was on. the morning alter his arrival in Balaclava ; be hod just gone on duty. ' Grog for the camp,' lie cried, as a couple of stout Highlanders marcb?d past him with u barrel slung on a pole, which they carried upon their shoulders. ' No,' replied one of the men, with & grin ; ' pepper.' ' Pepper! ' 'For the soup of the Russians,' added the Scot ; ' and I'm thinking it Trill make the kail inair het than the; like to lake it' 'Just look ah bit ye and you'lL see the pepper-box,'1 drily observed the Eecoud Highlander, 'and that'll tell ye the sort of pepper we are canning on;' About a hundred paces lower down on the quay, Jack saw a number of nien dragging-a-beavy gun It was gunpowder they were laden with. It was in tins manner, fur want of a proper roaJ, that artillery -nd ammuni tion were obliged to be conveyed to the camp. We have often wondered why large flat-bottomed sledges were uever. tried ; but had any one suggested the experiments, in all probability a model itt-Xhe first instance would have had to hare been made, then sent to England for the Board of Ordinance to have reported on, and by the time the navvies, who were afterwards sent out, had completed the road, permission arrived to have used them. From the scene of confusion near him, the attention of the sentinel was 6oon directed to a trim-looking cutter or yacht which had just entered the har bour. Evidently it was not a govern ment vessel ; there was no swallow tail pennant floating from the mast. ' Would I and Master Charley,' muttered the honest lad, ' were on board of you, and your sails set towards England. I have hnd quite enough of furrin parts. What fools men are,' he added, ' to leave their comfortable home, to see the world, as they call it. For my part I wi^h it wor no bigger nor Suffolk, and I safe in Horlcyford.' From the recollection of his native place, the thoughts of the speaker naturally wandered to Susan, and Iho fiiends whom he liegan to despair of ever seeing again. He wondered how she looked; whether she had been faithful to him during his long absence, or hod found another lover : a suspicion not altogether unreasonable, when the natural inclination fur coqi.etry of the pretty waiting uiaid is takcu into con sideration. For nearly on hour Jack remained chewing the cud of sweet and bitter reflections, speculating alternately on the fate of his young master, and on tha prospects of Susan's fidelity. During this time, a lioaf had put off fi-nn the yacht, which hail been ordered by (he harbor master to cast anchor on account of the mimfeer of vessels alongside the quay, and rowed towards the sLore. A party consisting of two ladies and the same number of gentlemen, nil well muffled up in furs and cloaks, stepped on shore, and were guided by a young midshipman to a house, one of the best in. thf. p'ace, diivclly opposite. ' How like that old gentleman's walk be to Sir Edwatd Olialloner's,' 6aid the soldier. ' Pooh, I be getting soft ard foolish loike. I shall fancy, I suppose, that I see Snsan next.' Scarcely had the words escaped his lips than another boat which hnd closely followed the first, came alongside, ami a female laden witli a bandbox and sundry small packages, stepped on shore, accom panied by an old man in livery ; but it was on the former that the eyes of Jack were fixed. Never had he seen such a likeness ; he rubbed his eyes, fancying that his imagination had deceived him ; and not satisfied with the experiment, nest pinched his nose to convince him self that he was not dreaming. He came at last to the conclusion, that if he wan not mad, it .was either Susan or her ghost, and shouted out her name. He was right ; the yacht which had attracted his attention was no other than the Mermaid, from which Sir Edward, Beatrice, Mary, and her husband, had just. landed; and the second parly con sisted of honest old Christy and the waiting-maid, who, on hearing the voice of her lover, recognised it in an instant, and dropping' her packages, stared round her. ' Here, Susan ! here in the sentry box,' said Jack. The girl, who really loved him, sprang across the quay, and the next instant was locked in his arms, to the great amusement of a party of sailors who ?wore passing— au (, we might add, to their envy, for as we have before ob served, Susan was remarkably pretty. Poor Jade was almost frantic with delight. He hugged both her and his musket in one affectionate embrace, and even went so far as to commit a petty larceny, amounting to half a dozen kisses, before she missed -them. 'Heavenibless thee, Susan,' he said ; ' I never thought to see tuee again. Thee beest as handsome as. ever — what do I say ?— ten times more beautifuller. How be Sir Edward and young lady ? Tlieebeant married.? Who broke the bay colt P- Lord I Lord I I shall go mod with joy. Give I another kiss,' ' The waiting maid reminded him that ho had taken more than he was entitled to alraady. ' Bnt how-did thee get' hone .?' da. nianded her lover. ? ' WitkthO' Mermaid.' ' Really, now,' said Jack, with a look of 'surprise ; '-weU, that bo curious. Thof/ITve-ecen- so much.-of fnrren parts, Iv never seed a: mermaid.. Mister ?CliarJoy says there ^beatrt- sneb; critters.' Susan-explained to him that ' it was the name, o£ Mr. Prank MorelandV yacht,' in which sbo and her rtmstor and.. Beatrice nod made the Toyiige. ' It wor Sir Edward himself thon,'' exclaimed the astonished lad. ' Wtell, I thought I know'd his walk again ; and if I beaa'tdreamin— jnst gire ino one kiss to convince me I am not—I seed old Christie — ' ' Of course yon did.' No sooner had the groom recognised Jack than, leasing the.-: lorersi to the ?tuanspor.te.of their mooting, Vip hm;i-.pnprl to the house to inform the baronet, who, accompanied by Frank Moreland; hast ened into the- street. Never had- the* poor lad felt so proud and gratified as when the old gentleman shook him by the hand, in the presence of Susan too, and called him his faithful honest friend. 'I have only done my duty, Sir Edward,' he blubbered, ' and perhaps not always that, for we have seen mortal hard times of it.'1 ' They shall bo pleasant ones for the future,' observed the father of Beatrice ; ' but where is the dear boy ?'' The countenance of Jack fell; the question was a damper to his joy. 'Cant tell.'ee, Sir Edward,' he answered with a groan. ' Not tell me,' repeated the baronet ; '? why surely you have not abandoned him.' ' I abandon him ! I leave Master Charley ! Not for all the gold in Lon don, and they do say there be a mortal lot there,' replied the lad ; ' not that I ever found nnyt' he added, with a sigh of bitter recollection. ' He has left me : they say he has gone over to the enemy, but it's a lie— a wicked lie ; I'd stake my-life on it.' ' Aud Imine,' added the baronet, em phatically. ' What !' he.oontinned, in a tone of indignation, 'Charles, who has ever shown himself the soul of honor, desert the colors ofhis-sountry — go over to the enemy — draw the sword against those of his own blood and race ! Im possible — the accusation is as monstrous as ridiculous, and none but a fool would give ear to it.' ' Or one who felt an interest in his ruin,' suggested Frank Moreland. 'You forget that his cousin Cuthbertie in the same regiment, and that no tie of kin* dred, no sense of shame, would prevent that very poUttc young gentleman from using every means to blast the reputa tion of one «ho hag proved his rival both in lovo and fortune.' ' True,' muttered Sir Edward, 'true. Alas 1 the misery of evil day 8 is not ended yet. This sad news must be kept from Tricksey,' he added; 'a second blow would kill her.' Both the gentlemen impressed upon the mind of Jack the necessity of con cealment. They knew how cunning die affection of woman is, bow persevering : that it tries a thousand means to gain tbe intelligence it seeks. ' You will be questioned,' they said, 'on every point; the slightest hesita tion or discrepancy will be perceived. You must bo firm — rock, marble.' ' Never fear mo,' replied, tho faonost fellow; ' tkougb I'd rather pnt my right band in tho fire than tell a lie to. Miss Beatrice— «titt, if -it is for her good. Ill not flinch. Pbean't .the ignorant, simple critter, P wor,'' he added, ' when Sir Edward sent I to London wi' a letter for Master Charley. Siberia be a rough school, but a good one, and the Booshians hard masters.' Satisfied with this assurance, Frank Moreland, who had made up his mind to keep the distressing, intelligence even from his wife, proceeded at once to the quarters of the commandant of Bala clava,, to whom he was personally known, and readily obtained a day's liberty for Jack, whose joy was suffici ently tempered by his anxiety respecting the fate of. his young master to render him cautious, and in less than an hour he presented himself at the house which hod bean taken by a Greek agent for the baronet. It was a very fortunate circumstance that Susan, who in her womanly sym pathy for the feelings of her mistress ,TCEolvcd to be. the first to impart the joyful intelligence of her meeting with Jack, had not remained to hear the con versation between Sir Edward, and her lover. There would have been no possU bility of keeping a secret had she shared in tiie keeping of it. It- must have come outi desrite the promiseB and well intantioned resolution she . might hare made, to 4hft. coatrar.y, . Miry and. the heiress had: scarcely, taken possession of the apartments, in their uew«bode, when the, waiting, maid burst into tbe room, and, with a sort of half hysterical giggle, threw herself upon one of the couches, exclaiming — ' I have seen him ! I nave seen him J' Beatrice turned exceedingly pale, and her cousin, alarmed at the imprudence of the girl, vainly attempted to check her volubility. She might as well have tried to stop, toe Fall of Niagara, by placing one of her tiny feet against it, or hare pat its -waters in het reticule. ' He- has got away safe from- the bears and the Rooshians,' continued the 'waiting- maid, 'and though tkey hare made a soldier -of him. Sir Edward will soon settle- that. Oh*, my lady I oh, Mrs. Mffreland ! you can't thinfc what I felt when I bearJ Iris own dear voice shout out; ' Susan, here in tlte- sentry- box.'' ' Whose voice V demanded Mary, impatiently ; for, seeing that the expla nation was inevitable, she felt, for her cousin's agony. ' His voice ! Jack's voice ! Jack in a box !*' A violent hysterical laugh closed her speech, and it was some moments before thcre.appparcd..the_ slightest chance of obtaining a ..reasonable answer from her — moments of dreadful suspense- to- the heart -of the4ietres»- ' Susan,' said the poor girl, placing her hand upon her arm, "for Heaven's sake tell me whom it is you have seen?" ' Jack, my lady — Jack Curling — my own dear Jack.' ' And his master ?' gasped Beatrice, who dared not trust herself to pronounce the name of our hero, lest her fortitude should desert her at the word. ' I haven't seen him yet,' replied the waiting maid, struck with sudden re morse at what appeared selfishness, in not having inquired after her young lady's lover. ' But he is quite well. He must be well, or Jack would have told me. Of course,' she added, ' they would not put a true born gentleman like Mr. Charles in a box. He will be here won ; they will both be here.' When the baronet and Frank re turned to their abode, with the intention of breaking tbe intelligence as cautiously as possible to our heroine, they found, to their vexation, that Susan bad been beforehand with him. Poor Beatrice was in a state of great nervous excitement; she fix 3d her eyes anxi ously- upon her father, then directed them towards the door of the apartment, as if expecting some one to follow. '? I know it all, papa,' she exclaimed, at the some time throwing her arms around the old man's neck.; ' you.hsve seen him.' ' I hare . Mm-, on* of. them,' replied Sir Edward Challouer, forcing a smile, ' and the other is not faroff. Tricksey,' he added, pressing her fondly to him, ' now when our troubles and anxieties are so nearly over, when happiness begins to dawn bright and unclonded, now is the time for firmness, to bear up against the transports, tbe. madness of . joy, as nobly as you straggled with grief.' ' Do not fear me,' replied the poor girl, cheated into happiness by these words ; ' it will not kill me. Charles,' Bhe whispered — ' There, yon see I can pronounce his name, and my lips do not even quiver, or the blood forsake my cheek. One word — one little word, and I. will wait patiently, father, patiently, for the rest-— does he live ?' ' Lire 1' repeated her parent, and a pang rent his kind old heart as he evaded the question. ' Did not I meet you with a smile ? Look at Frank — does he not partake of my satisfaction ? Of course he lives.' ' And is well.' ' Jack Curling, who has been sent here with a portion' of Iiis regiment, saw bim only three days sinoe at the camp in perfect health. There has been no battle,' he added, 'no engagement since then, so we have nothing- to apprehend on the dear boy'6 account. This is the secret I came to brotk to you, only that shattering hussy,' he added, glancing it Susan, ' I find, has been beforehand tritli me.' The speaker was, perliaps, the only person in the world of whom the pretty waiting maid stood really in awe, but ;vcn her patience gave way at what she considered Sir Edward's unreasonable ness. Had she reflected at the possible affect of her precipitation on the excited mind of Beatrice, it might have modified, her anger ; as it was, she turned her bead and muttered something about the poor having their feelings as well as the rich. ' True,' said the old gentleman, good hnmouredly, for he felt that it was use less to blame her, ' And I was wrong to speak so harshly, hut you forget that you deprived me of the pleasure of im parting, this joyful intelligence i to my daughter myself.' Susan suddenly recollected that: she had done so. ' And that your manner of imparting intelligence is not the most cautious in the'worW.. . But there— away with yon,' be added; 'you .will find One helo.fr, who doubtless thinks, you faultless, whether marriage may one. day cause him to change his opinion. is your affiiir, not mine.' Glad to eseape, the waiting maid' hurried from the room, and descended to the apartment occupied, by the ser-- vasts, whore,, to hor great delight, . she discovered Jack, who had already com' menced relating- a portion, of bis a& ventures io -Christie and the rest of 'tha barottcfo domestics, wmrcouldj scarcely believe that tho raw. cmtniry yokel,, whom they had formerly; laughed at* and playe \ so mnny tricks .on during; bis* short residence at the** Moat,v amHthe man- who had been- exiled / to. Siberia, escaped from, thence^.snered sables, and. shot a beat,- was onat and the same, per- son; In thefrophutra, he- waft^pitedu hero, and- Jackmodostly allowed them to enjoy |it.\ After a rough bnt-rapidjontKbaoCbti* and his young-master's! adrentorev tbe hone»t lad: proceeded to describe- their- enlisting in the army, and. the-, moaner in which Cuthbert Vavassoiwireated hie cousin. A burst of indignation- fol lowed ; it was succeeded-by -a feeling- -of horror at the attempt, made upon the life of Charles, which - the speaker un hesitatingly attributed to the instigation ofhis relative. ' The monster !' exclaimed Susan. And the word was echoed by all who heard it. Christio thrust his hand into his bosom, just between his waistcoat and shirt : he appeared to be feeling for something. One of the footmen gave a knowing smile, as if he alone compre hended the action. ' And where is poor, dear Master Charley now ?' demanded the waiting, maid, anxious to repair her former omission and have something positive to impart to her young lady. ' I saw bim at the camp only three days since,' replied her lover. ' Was he well ?' « Quite.' 'And only a simple soldier like yourself,' added Susan, in a tone of surprise. ' Well, I should have thought they would have made a captain of 'him at the very least. But fighting will be over — and yours too — for I know that before we left England Sirs Moreland hail a long interview with the Queen, and that her Majesty has dene some thing, I don't exactly know what it. is, for both of you.' 'Glad to hear it,' observed Jacfc» drily. ' I shall be quite content to reposo upon my laurels ; I don't want any fresh' ones.' ' Especially as you don't intend to rcpuse upon them alone,' added Mrs Morelond'e own maid, with a- laugh which brought a deep blush into the cheeks of the pretty Susan. The :beU rang twice : a signal that Sir Edward Ohalloner required the presence of Christie, who rose and quitted the room. Scarcely had he closed the door, than tbe footman, who bad given so knowing- a smile when the old man thrust bis hand into his waistcoat, drew his chair closer to the table, with the air of a man who had something to com municate. 'You all remember the duel?' he said. Every one but Jack did recollect it, and he did not think it worth while to interrupt the speaker by any unnecessary inquiries — an example which we most conscientiously recommend to our readers. 'Well,' continued the man, 'after the great London doctor had extracted the bullet, no one could tell what became of iL' 'True,' observed another of the servants. ' 1 heard him inquire after it myself, and he seemed vexed at the loss. I wonder what he wanted with it.' ' I could tell you what became of it,' said tha first speaker. 'You!' 'Yes. Chris tie has got it,' he added, lowering his voice ; ' he carries it sewn up in tho lining of his waistcoat.' 'What use can it be to him?' de manded Susan, who was a great lover of the marvellous. ' Have you any idea, Jack?' ' Perhaps I have,' replied her lover with a knowing look. Christie bean't the man to keep a thing of that sort without one day finding a use for it.' ' Not a word,' said the footman, as be heard tbe footfall of tbe subject of their conversation in the passage ; ' he would never forgive me, and Christie be an awkward customer to offend.' A general ' not a word,' and a hush followed, as the groom opened the door and made his appearance amongst them. Sir- Edward had yielded at last to the entreaties of his daughter to sec Jack, of whose discretion he did not feel alto gether assured, and Christie had been sent to summons bun to the presence of tho ladies. ' If you have any bad news,' obT served the faithful domestic, as he quitted the room with, the soldier, ' keep it to yourself.' ' Why should you think I have any bad news ?' ChriBtie shrugged his shoulders. ' DW Kir Edward tell you so ?' ' No,' replied the old man; ' but lie bade me -desire you .to be -cautious, and I guessed what that meant; besides,: I hare notlived so many, years in. tho- world without learning b lesson or two. You dont.- speak of Master Charley fretly when any one -asks yon where he is, or how. you left1 bim^ your eye grows troubled, and you change the subject, as quickly as possible. My young, lady. Heaven Hess her, who is at- BbrcwAi as she is beaatifuL will be sure to observe all this.' 'Thee bees a 'cute chap' observed JaeJti will} tusmile ; « andif I bad not so foitR&Uy.proousedsSir; EdwerA and Mr ?Mbwland., ? ' ' Keep; your promise, if you have made-one,''' interrupted' Christie ; 'I don't want you break it. If the * Squire! '1— tli*tsw*s4l»e oame by which ho generally designated his master— ('?thinks i^necessaryvl1. should know of anything, ta will tell me: himself; and if he- doesn't I'd rather not bear it. Ail Iihavtvto sey,' he added, 'is to re peat Wsosvn words : Be cautions.'* ? Thus: warned, Jack; was ushered into the apartment in which the ladies and the two gentleman were seated. The eyes of the heiress filled with tears as she placed hor band in (hat of the com panion of her lover, whose fidelity had won- him a place in her gratitude and esteem. The poor lad felt more embar rasMd at the honour than when Sir Edward himself had shaken bands with him ; he felt half afraid and haK ashamed to grasp the delicate white palm 60 cordially extended to him, and stood blushing and bowing like a schoolboy. ' Kass it, Jack,' said tho baronet, with a good- natured laugh ; ' you de serve the privilege, and Tricksey is no daughter of mine if she feels offended at it.' Tbe heiress smiled through her tears, and the rough soldier raised her slender fingers gently to his lips, kissing them as timidly as though he were afraid they should harm him, or he was committing some crime. ' No doubt you have been relating all you have seen and gone through,' continued the speaker, ' to Susan and all the fellows below.' The lad confessed that he had. ' And you must tell us the same story,' said Mrs Moreland, 'in your own homely way ; here is a seat by the fire.' Jack assured the lady that he would much rather sfand — an arrangement which none of the party would listen to — and, despite his diffidence, he was obliged to take the chair offered to him. Although, in his modesty, he felt that it was too much honor, he could not help secrety wishing that Susan would come into the room, and see the consideration with which ho was treated ; and it was not long before his very natural piece of vanity was gratified. He had scarcely began his narrative, before the waiting maid made her appearance, under pre tence of asking some directions from her mistress. Beatrice understood the little manoeu vre, and directed her to remain. ' You will have a hundred questions a minute to answer at the very least,' observed the baronet. 'A thousand, Sir Edward, if Miss Beatrice wishes it,' was the reply. Our readers can readily imagine the emotion with which the tale of our hero's sufferings was listened to. Tears of pity were drawn from the eyes of the hearers. The friendship of Henri, and the calm, stern character of Julian, which tho speaker ppinted well, because he drew from nature, excited the deepest admiration. How Beatrice shuddered and clung to Mary as sh» listened to the dangers of their escape, the terrors of that lonely rock on which the exiles had so nearly perished for y wast of food. '?God has indeed been merciful,' nobbed tbe heiress. ' His hand hath supported him.' Strange to say, Mrs Moreland ap peared far more curious than her cowsin in her inquiries respecting Lelia. She made Jack describe) with Ihe utmost minuteness, every incident that had oc curred in which the fair Circassian was ? concerned ; and only desisted from questioning him when she bad succeeded in eliciting the fact of hor love for the young Frenchman, and that the passion was a mutual one. Beatrice scarcely comprehended the motives of hor cousin. She had given her heart frankly, wholly to the object of choice ; and true hearts doubt not when they love. Her father's indignation was chiefly excited at the harshness of General Tawn, whom he had known from boy hood. That the Russians should have treated his favorite, Charles, with cruelty and tyranny, oxiled, and given out forged proofs of his death, did not so much surprise him ; but Tawn was an Englishman— a former friend; and his injustice galled him. . «The old fool?' he exclaimed. 'But wait till I see him! If I dont speak my opinion of his. conduct more plainlv than. I ever yet spoke to- any Ua, my name is not- Ned Cballoner. j Had he not been on bind as obstinate, he miabtvhaw seen^tbe dear boy, was a ffenUewani never knew a mwt vn.vxy life upomwhose brow nature had. wjton. the ctonctar mm legibl^'^^SBiPI 'Ah! sir,' observed Jack, 'the general bcan't the worst enemy poor Master Charley has had to contend with.' The baronel bit his lips with vexa tion ; he felt that they were approaching dangerous ground, and he mentally blamed his own impetuosity. ' Enemy !' repeated the heiress ' Is it possible that Charles has found an enemy amongst his own countryman ? Who would be so cruel — so base ?' ' His cousin Cutbbcrt,' said Susan, anxious to take a share in the conver sation. ' He is an officer in the same regiment.' At the name of the mau who had so nearly made her an orphan, her mistress felt her heart sink within her. ' Cnthbert Vavasseur in the Crimea ?' she faltered. ' Yes, my lady.' ' And with the power as well as will to insult and tyrannise over his cousin ; to goad his proud spirit by daily, hourly taunts. Father, this was the misfortune my heart divined. I felt assured there was some fresh trial at hand — some new misery to encounter ; my forebodings,' she added, in a tone of despair, ' have not deceived me.' Mentally cursing the officiousness of Susan, the baronet hastened, to reassure his child, glad that nothing more had been elicited. ' Tricksey,'1 he said, ' you alarm yourself without cause. Although in the same regiment, Charles is not under the immediate command of his cousin. At Alma- and Inkermann the dear boy distinguished himself, and has doubtless made friends ; added to 'which, Jack saw him only three days since in perfect health, and no quarrel or outbreak had then occurred between them.' The heiress rose from her seat, and fixing her eyes earnestly upon her lover's humble friend, as if she would read bis very soul, earnestly implored him to speak the truth. ' I have spoken it, my lady,' replied the lad. ' And concealed nothing.'' ' Nothing,' said Jack, trying to look as unconcerned as possible. Beatrice turned from him with a look of doubt ; her heart was not convinced. That same night Balaclava was visited by a frightful storm. Ships were driven from their moorings, and dashed madly against the rocks. Ves sels, which from want of room in port, had been obliged to stand out to sea, Were either lost or driven to distant ports. When inoraing broke, the first intelligence brought to Mr Moreland was that his yacht, (he ' Mermaid,' was no longer to be seen. The baronet wrung his hands in agony. The Queen's letter had been left with his baggage on board. 