THE "ADORATION OF THE LAMB" —CHROMOLITHOGRAPHS AT THE PUBLIC LIBRARY. About two months ago we announced the intended opening of an apartment in the Public Library, to be called "The Arundel- room," devoted to the exhibition of some fine chromolithographs and engravings pub- lished by the Arundel Society in London. At that time we gave a list of all the works in the collection, and on former occasions we referred more particularly to some of the most valuable amongst them. There is one series, however, of the magnificent colour prints included in that list to which, as it is only now accessible to the public for the first time, we have not hitherto had an opportunity of noticing as it deserves. We mean the copies of certain portions of the famous altar-piece, painted by the brothers Van Eyck, for one of the chapels of the Cathedral of St. Bavon, at Ghent. This great production, and the "Last Judgment," by the same masters, bave been styled the Homeric epopee, the Iliad and the Odyssey of 'Netherlandish art. None of the Teutonic schools, in fact, has produced anything approaching these two works, in vastness of conception, vigour of rendering, and excellence of detail. Of the two, however, critics have unanimously awarded the palm of superiority to the pic- ture at Ghent. It was painted for Judocus Vyts, or Vydt, Lord of Pamele, who wished to decorate the mortuary chapel of his family with a work of art that should eclipse all similar productions. The subject is taken from those passages in Scripture in which Christ is depicted as a lamb that with His blood washes away the sins of the world, standing upon Mount Zion, and surrounded by the hundred and forty four thousand who "follow Him wheresoever He goeth." In his interpretation of these passages, Hubert Van Eyck, by whom the work was de- signed and commenced, has treated them with a certain amount of freedom. He has grouped around the Lamb all the Christian ideas by means of personifications of his crea- tion and of types chosen from the history of all ages. Of the 12 panels of which the vast polyptych is composed, the subjects on five only are to be seen at the library. To these we will therefore confine our remarks. In the centre lower panel, which is reproduced in the large chromolithograph, the expiatory victim is placed on an altar, and from His breast a stream of blood is flowing into a chalice, placed to receive it. On the altar are the inscriptions "Ecce Agnus Dei qui tollit peccata mundi," and " Jesus via, veritas, vita." Above the mystic emblem of the Redeemer is seen that of the Holy Ghost, and before the altar choirs of celestial spirits are on their knees, some of whom are swinging censers, others singing the virtues and the sacrifice of the Lamb, and some, again, bearing the instruments of His passion, In the foreground of this por- tion of the picture is a green plain, sown with violets, daisies, and pansies, from the midst of which rises a fountain of rare workman- ship ; and in the distance, through rose- bushes and palm-trees and cypresses, a view is caught of the heavenly Jerusalem, whose spires, it must be admitted, have rather a prosaic resemblance to those of an ordinary Flemish town. Across the inter- vening country, starred with flowers, the mar- tyrs are approaching—on the right the heroines who have suffered for the faith, conducted by St. Agnes, St. Barbara, and St. Dorothea, and on the left those of the sterner sex, amongst whom are popes, bishops, and cardinals. They bear in their hands the palms which announce their victory. Below this latter group are the prophets of the Old Testament, and behind these is a glorious phalanx, supposed to represent the great authors and artists who in all ages have devoted their talents to the service of God. Some imagine that the figure with the orange branch represents Virgil with an ad- junct familiar to readers of the AEnid, and that the myrtle in the hand of another is an emblem of the burning love with which the name of Dante is for ever associated. Be this as it may, we have here a glorious band of thoso servants of the Most High who have clothed His doctrine in the brilliance of the fairest talents vouchsafed to man. Below the martyrs, on the right, is a troop of monks, popes, and bishops. The episco- pal personages here depicted have an expres- sion of the utmost elevation, which contrasts strangely with the vulgar and ill-favoured countenances of the monks. Besides this centre panel, the subjects on four of the side shutters are also represented in these chromolithographs. On those four shutters are eight subjects, four painted on the interior and four on the exterior. Those of the interior are the Pilgrims, preceded by the giant form of St. Christopher ; the Her- mits, a staff in one hand, and a rosary in the other; the Soldiers of Christ, amongst whom may bo seen Godfrey de Bouillon, Tancred, and Robert of Flanders ; and tho Just Judges, one of whom is supposed to be a portrait of Hubert, and the other of John Van Eyck. On the exterior of these shutters the sub- jects, of which we have copies, are portraits of Judocus Vyts, and of his wife Isabelle de Borlunt; and two magnificent grisailles, re- presenting statues of St. John the Baptist and St. John the Evangelist. Of this immense production, which in all con- tains 330 heads, no portions were ever copied before, if we except a reproduction made for Philip of Spain by Michael Coxien, and another made about the commencement of the 17th century. The canons of St. Bavon, to whom the whole originally belonged, and in whose posses- sion the principal parts still remain, were so jealous of their treasure as to refuse even to crowned heads the permission to have it copied. What was so often refused, and only twice granted, was, however, accorded for the third time some few years ago, and on this occasion to neither the entreaties of a prince, nor to the seductions of a millonnaire, but to the simple friendship of an honest artist —M. Christian Schultz—who, in the platt- deutsch of his native Mecklenburgh, talked some of the gros bonnets of the chapitre into this almost unheard of condescension. No sooner had M. Schultz received the much-coveted per- mission than he proposed to the Council of the Arundel Society to make the copy for them, and as he had already produced for the same society some extraordinarily fine copies of Memling's "Adoration of the Magi" and of two of the Italian frescoes (all of which are to be seen at the Library), his offer was readily accepted. The result is a production which, even as a chromolithograph, is remarkable, giving as it does with wonderful precision the rich brown tones of the original, the truth and variety in the figures, the finish of the de- tails, and the purity of the feeling ; while, as a faithful reproduction of the great master- piece of Flemish art, its value can hardly be exaggerated. Lord Lindsay, writing of the picture here brought before us, says that "a mystical charm is suffused over the whole scene which it is impossible to describe, and which, like music, it requires perhaps a peculiar mental and physical temperament to appreciate." Those who have a true feeling for such things will admit the justice of his lordship's remark if they visit the copy to be seen at present in the "Arundel-room." AUSTRALIAN FLAX.-A mooting has been held at Gumeracha, South Australia, for the fimpose of forming a flax company, A armer present stated that he had grown flax successfully for many years, and only wanted a market in the neighbourhood to grow a very large quantity. Another stated that when tobacco, cotton, and even wine failed, flax, with an ordinary season, would be sure to grow, and pay well. The difference in the cost of preparing and sowing per aero was not more than £2 above wheat, and a very handsome profit would be obtained with cer- tainty. The meeting was adjourned in order that inquiries mightbe made as to the cost of machinery, &c.; 