COLONIAL EXTRACTS. CRICKET MATCH.—R.N. versus TASMANIA.— At Hobart Town, on the 7th instant, eleven of the Flying Squadron, with Admiral Hornby, played eleven Tasmanians, with His Excellency the Governor, at a friendly game of cricket. The latter won. THERE has been an extensive conflagration in Flinders-street, Melbourne, at Mr. Mills's saw mills and timber yard, opposite the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company. A great deal of property was destroyed ; but the damage is covered by insurances to the extent of £6000 in the Sydney, Victoria, Australasian, and National Companies. Messrs. Solomon and Co.'s stone store, adjoining timber yard, was also burned down, resulting in a loss of £9000. Solomon and Co.'s stores contained a quantity of resin and oils. The flames were terrific. The surrounding stores were heavily stocked, and only escaped through the great efforts of the firemen. GARROTTING IN CLEVELAND-STREET, SYDNEY. —About 9 o'clock on Wednesday night, Mr. Alderman Murphy, while going home along Cleveland-street, was garrotted by two men. Mr. Murphy was within about a hundred yards of his own home when he felt some person throw his arms round him, and at first, think- ing some one was playing a joke on him, was about requesting that he would not be handled so rudely, when to his surprise he felt a pres- sure in his back. Mr. Murphy then became fully convinced of the fact that he was being garrotted by two men, one of whom held him backwards while the other attempted to thrust his hand into his trousers pockets. This course of procedure was of course objected to, and then a desperate struggle ensued, during which the worthy alderman was prevented from calling out, one of the men having had him tightly grasped by the throat while the other used his best endeavors to rifle his pockets, one of which contained between 20s. and 30s. Mr. Murphy had also a watch on at the time. During the scuffle Mr. Murphy and one of the men fell, and in the fall loosened his grasp. The former seized the opportunity and called out for assist- ance. A gentleman residing near having heard the cry, came out of his house and called out. The scoundrels immediately decamped, taking with them only a penknife which they had ab- stracted. Had it not been for the determined resistance made by Mr. Murphy, the villains, no doubt would have succeeded in accomplish- ing their lawless purpose. The police have arrested two men on another similar charge, and they are believed the same who assaulted Mr. Murphy, but believe that gentleman will not be able to identify the men. WE learn from the Bendigo Independent that "Messrs. L. Macpherson and Co. have received a commission from a chemist and metallist of high standing in London, to forward him a number of samples of quartz tailings for the purpose of having them thoroughly tested for gold, and thereby ascertain their real value. Should the samples turn out satisfactorily, it is the intention of the firm, in conjunction with some English capitalists, to go largely into the speculation. Those who are interested in this branch of mining may be congratulated on the fact of having the vexed question of what are tailings worth carefully tested, and in all pro- bability decided without any cost to themselves." BUSHRANGING.—Thunderbolt may be dead (says the Armidale correspondent of the Clarence Examiner) but he is said to have but recently paid a visit to the late Mr. Rhodes' station, near the Big Hill, on the Newton Boyd- road, evidently on the look out for another "Regulator." After mustering and inspecting the horses, he pronounced the best looking one too poor for his nefarious pursuits. Departing to his bush retreat, young Mr. Rhodes acci- dentally came upon him. There was a horse ready saddled and bridled in case of a surprise, and two other animals feeding at a distance in hobbles. The bushranger shortly afterwards left the locality, and is supposed to have gone in the direction of the Harness Cask River. A SHARP CHINAMAN.—A few weeks since a Chinaman, known familiarly about here as Jemmy, was employed as an assistant cook at the Australian Hotel, but not finding that oc- cupation as profitable as he could have wished, he threw up his billet and started off in search of any other, and if possible, better paid employment. Jemmy directed his stops towards Albury, and find- ing a number of German shanties in that district, in which a villanous, home-made, fiery abomination, known as German brandy, was dispensed on the sly, he suddenly became smitten with a desire to prevent infractions of the law, and forthwith entered upon business of an informer. Procuring the assistance of a countryman as a witness, Jemmy visited all the unsuspecting retailers of illicit spirits, and asked for, received, and duly paid for a nobbler or two at each place. Having thus obtained proof of the sale of spirits at various places, Jemmy repaired to the Police-office and informed against the offenders, obtained the necessary convictions, and then pocketed the half of the fines that were inflicted. Jemmy soon made more money in this way than he would have scraped together in a lifetime at cooking, and is so elated with his success, and has such an im- mense opinion of the value of his services to the Government, that he has announced his in- tention of proceeding to Sydney and applying for a billet as Chinese detective.—Wagga Wagga Express. THE FATAL ACCIDENT AT DUBBO.—On Thurs- day evening (says the Dispatch) one of the most terrible accidents that over took place in this district occurred in Dubbo, by which the lives of two people were lost. On the afternoon in question, Mr. William Reakes, of Narrawemar station, Mr. Mark Mangan, overseer at Bur- roway for the Messrs. Brocklehurst, and Mr. George Smith (better known as "Dusty Bob)," of Dubbo, were driving in a carriage through the town, Mr. Reakes having the reins. All the party were more or less under the influence of drink, and perhaps more careless than they otherwise would have been. When nearly op- posite Mr. M'Lean's Commercial Hotel, Bris- bane-street, the pair of horses in the vehicle were by some means startled, and immediately bolted, the reins flying out of the hands of the driver, who was unable to control the animals. They rushed down Wingewarra-street, and when nearly opposite Mr. M'Kenzie's hotel, the carriage struck against a stump, and Messrs. Reakes and Mangan were thrown with considerable force on the ground. The horses continued in their mad career, and when near the Royal Hotel they turned down Macquarie street, and Smith (Dusty Bob) was thrown out of the coach near the shop of Mr. Barnes, chemist. The horses kept on their wild course until reaching the vacant plot of ground at the rear of Mr. Dale's, when the vehicle coming in con- tact with a stump, the harness gave way, and the horses galloped off, leaving behind them the carriage, which by this time was completely shattered. Mr. Reakes, when thrown, felt slightly hurt, but in a short time he was again on his feet and found Mangan in a state of in- sensibility. Smith was also unconscious. Both were taken to the Royal Hotel, and Dr. Tibbits summoned. He immedietely attended, and used all the remedies at his command, but with no effect, for in an hour or so poor Mangan (who had received considerable injuries on the neck and spine) breathed his last. Smith was still insensible, suffering from concussion of the brain, and lingered through the night, but early on Friday morning he expired. An in- quest was held before the coroner (Dr. Tibbits) on the 24th, evidence to the above effect taken, and verdict of "accidental death" recorded in each case. This affair has caused great sensation in Dubbo, where both deceased were well known. Mangan was 34 years of age, and leaves a wife and large family of little ones. Mrs. Mangan's former husband (for this was her second marriage) was drowned while cross- ing the Macquarie near Burrowa, and some few months ago a daughter of hers was burnt to death in her sight—so that a strange fatality appears to hang over the family. Mangan had arrived in Dubbo on the 22nd to record his vote, and falling in with Reakes and Smith, owners of stations on the Macquarie, he with them was enjoying a sort of Christmas spree when the accident occurred which caused his umtimely death. Mr. G. Smith—poor old "Dusty Bob"—was 64 years of age, and had been a resident of these parts for many years. He had a considerable amount of station and other property, and at his death was the pos- sessor of a fair competence. "Dusty" was quite a "character," and perfectly well known through the length and breadth of the dis- trict. He was an uneducated man, but pos- sessed of a good deal of shrewd common sense. Of late years, since he retired from the active management of his stations, his sole pleasure seemed to lie in the wine-cup, and it at last was the cause of his death. Old "Dusty" with those frailties which, as Bishop Hall says, "hang plummets on our nobler parts," will not soon be forgotten in Dubbo. He was one of the oldest inhabitants, and his eccentricities were ever to the townspeople a fruitful theme of merriment. Smith claimed too, in his moments of inebriation, royal descent—in fact, boasted of being a natural son of George the magnificent and Fourth. On Wednesday, the 22nd, "Dusty" was in front of the polling booth nearly all day, and one of the last sayings we heard him utter was, "Well, you see, I have plenty of money to last me my short time in this world ; I think it would be better for me to be down below," pointing to the earth. The poor old follow had no idea then how short would be the time before being called to that dread last account which all of us must one day pay. He has left a will, and his property, we hear, is equally divided among his relatives. DEATH OF MR. JAMES MAIDEN.—Another of the early Border pioneers has departed this life. Mr. James Maiden, so well known as the founder of the town of Moama, died in the Bendigo Hospital on the 29th December last at the age of sixty years. It appears that he had been admitted to that institution about six weeks previously, suffering from disease of the lungs. He had been for some time ailing, and his death was caused by the complaint in the lungs, together with a general break up of the system. Mr. Maiden first arrived on this part of the Murray in 1843, when he brought a heard of cattle down the river, with which he occupied country a little below Tooranabbie station. In 1846 he commenced to build the Junction Inn at Moama, which some years afterwards was considerably enlarged by Mr. Waltham. In this house Mr. Maiden made a great deal of money, and was at one time worth many thousands. He became the pro- prietor of Perricoota station, which, together with Tooranabbie, he held for a considerable time. He had also entered into very large dealings in stock, and kept a large number of drovers employed on the roads. He was a man of great natural ability, and of much energy and enter- prise ; but, being uneducated, his undertakings became too complicated for his management, and, after a splendid run of good fortune, his affairs became entangled ; difficulties increased every year, and he at length found himself re- duced from the position of an exceedingly rich man to a condition of poverty. He never re- trieved his fortunes, and has been for some years in very poor circumstances. In the height of his fortune, one of the chief aims of his ambi- tion was to render Moama a place of more im- portance than Echuca, which was founded by Mr. Hopwood in the year 1853. A considerable degree of rivalry existed between them, and many amusing stories are told of the tactics pursued by the Kings of the two Border towns. Mr. Maiden established a punt at Moama, which place, by the way, was known for a long time as "Maiden's Punt." Mr. Hopwood subse- quently placed a punt alongside his, and another at Echuca, together with a pontoon bridge, which are both still in the same posi- tion. Mr. Maiden erected cattle yards at Moama, for the purpose of crossing the river, and Mr. Hopwood did the same at a point on the river nearly opposite to the present railway embankment. This warfare was carried on until Mr. Maiden was compelled through his pecuniary difficulties to retire from the field. It is somewhat remarkable that within a few days of twelve months one of these veteran pioneers should have followed the other to the grave, Mr. Hopwood having died last New Year's Day. They were within a few years of the same age, and both of them were men of iron constitutions, which shortly before their deaths completely gave way. Notwithstanding the long and warm opposition which was carried on between them in business, no personal animosity appeared to exist between them ; and in the latter years of their lives they always met as old friends and acquaintances, and con- versed jocularly of past times. Mr. Maiden always said that Mr. Hopwood fought him fairly, and attributed his failure to very different causes from his persistent opposition. They are both now gone, and we can only say, Peace to their ashes.—Riverina Herald. A GHOST STORY.—The following is from the Kiama Pilot :—One night last week, a young man was coming from Shoalhaven, when he beheld what he believes was a ghost, or some- thing very like one. On crossing Mount Plea- sant, he was riding leisurely along, the night being dark, but sufficiently light enough to enable him to discern objects, when, without any previous intimation, his horse started at something. Simultaneously, a strange noise was heard, and on looking down to the side of the road he beheld the spectre. The head was only visible, and he describes it as being larger in size than a cow's. The ears were as long as a person's arm, while the eyes appeared as large as a man's fist, and kept whirling round and round. The horse immediately started, and did not halt till near Kiama. We have been informed that another individual observed something startling one Sunday night, not long ago, about the small hours. He was returning home, and when between Mount Pleasant and Kiama, a creature in the form of a man, about six feet in height, with black stripes down each of his legs, and minus a head, made its ap- pearance very near his horse's head. The indi- vidual looked at it, and continued his course, but several times he noticed it following him at a brisk pace. He immediately put spurs to his horse, and the ghost, taking the hint, quickened his pace. They raced for some distance, when suddenly the spectre "vanished into thin air." Such are the circumstances as related to us. We refrain from giving any opinion on the matter. They were related to us in all sincerity on the night of the occurrence, and the witness was very nervous, and "all of a shake." 