<&&m; from tUt BY GEOFFBY CRABTHORN. I have bored you, my beloved public, more than once about our educational defi ciencies, and I mean to take every available opportunity of repeating the process until you have made up your mind what ought to be done, and done it accordingly. I m»1»> no apology therefore for asking yon to con trast the thoughtful utterance of the Wea leyan Church on this subject, recently published, with the vague and impracticable scheme put forth in a recent memorial to Parliament, which purports to represent the viewa of the Church of England Synod on this matter, albeit the document is simply signed "A. Adelaide,"-probably for Short. I am not going to debate the question now, for I am not in the humour to do so; but if you can devote your eneigies to a little thinking (an unreasonable suggestion, I admit), you may do yourself a service by comparing the two documents. I congratu late the Wesleyans on the catholicity of their scheme, although I don't go all the way with them; and I only hope that when the time comes for action they will cheerfully make yet further concessions to secure the training of our colonial youth to more useful and improving pursuits than at pre sent engross a frightfully large section of the juvenile population. Thanks to Messrs. Hughes and Hay, the question has long been threatening to come on in the House of Assembly, but it has been as often post poned to make way for " more important" matters-the cultivation of our country lands, and the bringing down by train of our produce ftom theFarNorth, being, of course, infinitely more pressing than the cultivation of our city weeds and the bringing up by careful training of our human produce throughout the colony! Everyday our boys and girls are maturing into men and women, and every day's delay in reforming our rotten educa tional system leaves them more and more a prey to low desires and gross enjoyments the natural results of social isolation and mental starvation. Already the records of our Criminal Courts bear revolting testimony to our past neglect. Let it continue for a few years more, and what must follow? There, my public, I have dono preaching for the present, so, if you arc not already nod ding, you can now close your eyes and go off into a comfortable doze of disregard as to the troubles these delays arc surely storing up for you. It is gratifying to note that Her Majesty lias been pleased promptly to signify her approval of the Bill for excluding contractors from Parliament; and one might reasonably have expected that its proclamation would have put an end to all convenient compacts between Governments and independent members. Such expectations, however, are clearly doomed to disappointment. Simul taneously with the proclamation of the Act we learn that a prominent legal member of the Lower House gets a retainer from the Government in the Northern Territory case-which for its fertility in fabricating costs bids fair to outstrip the great Moonta case itself-and as no one in his senses can suppose that the legal lore of the (by courtesy) learned gentle man can pcssibly be very essential to the con duct of such a suit, it becomes an interest ing speculation to enquire what are the services to be rendered in return for the retainer. That the author of the Bill should be the first to violate its spirit is bat natural, and it is to be hoped that in due time a return of his fees will enable the public to see how far he hasprofitedby the omissionof thefewwords needed to make such a transaction illegal. Of course, 1 mean simply a Parliamentary return of the fees; to look for one in the common and unparliamentary sense would be Utopian in the extreme. Everybody is crying out upon the Ministry's ! mistake in disregarding Mr. Mais's position, and taking up with a subordinate's estimate for the Northern Railway without investiga tion or verification, simply because it better j suited their occult purpose. Having so recently called Messrs. Patterson and Boothby over the coals in a friendly way for their cantankerous controversy, I am not much inclined to go at length into a somewhat similar question, albeit I do not hesitate to express my opinion that the Cabinet were not justified in violating official rules, unless they were prepared, like Cromwell, to remove the Mais. Luckily, a correspondent relieves me of the trouble of further comment, by contributing a history of the case, adapted with little alteration from a well-known ballad of the olden time. AN OLD SONG WITH A NEW FACE. FYTTE THE FIRST. John Hart he was our Treasurer, And eke our bold Premier; And Mais he was a goodly man A first-rate engineer. John Hart and Mais in anxious talk Sat all one winter's day ; When sun was set and mght was come, They had not said their say. John Hart he spoke in darksome hints. But Mais he took them ill; " To cut down these last Estimates Is past my utmost drill " If you would have a Northern Line, That sum you must expend!" John Hart he turned away in scorn, And thus their talk did end. "Oh, rede me, rede me, Milne," he said " A good rede give to me; Oh, shall I Boothby's figures take, And let stern Mais's be." " The estimates that Boothby gives Will suit you to a T ; Then use them freely in your Bill, And let stern Mais's be." Away, then, went bold Johnny Hart, Away to the House went he, And Boothby's figures used he there, And let poor Mais's be. And -ap then rose the grim Strangwuys, And grinned with mickle glee; " To Boothby Mais must now give plaec. If this be so," quoth he. Quoth Hart*? Our Mais is wondrous wise, A skilful man I ween; But Boothby's blessed with common sense, As plainly may be seen. " I've taken Boothby's figures here To fix the sum we 11 borrow; But ne'er shall Mais to him give place. The change would bring me sorrov And up then rase the members all And told him to his face, *' Away with Boothby's estimates, We'll trust to none but Mais. " For Mais he is a trusty hand And Engineer-in-Chief; And if we Boothby's figures take We'll surely come to grief." Then up and spake stout Hamilton. " On that I've much to say, And more the question be adjourned For one week and a day." FTTTE THE SECOND. rTwas at the solemn silent hour When night and morning meet; In glided Mate's grimly ghost And stood at John Hart's feet. His face was stern, and bold his loolc, He gave nor sigh nor groan, Bat stiffly curled his long moustache, And angry was his tone. "Awake!" he cried, "'Tis Mais that calls, Whose estimates you floored; Now must your conscience hear the man Whom you threw overboard. " This is the dark and dreary hour When walks each injured sprite; Though I'm not dead, my ghost has coma To haunt thee in the night. " Bethink thee, Treasurer, of thy fault, Thy broken faith, to me; Anil give the recognition due To my authoritie. "Why did you seek my figures clear, And not those figures trust? Why did you not explain your views When we the scheme discussed? " How could you tay my skill was rare. And yet that skill forsake ? How could you drop my estimates, And unskilled Boothby's take? "How could you let him 'gainst my Staff Insinuations spread, And charge us with dishonesty? I'd like to punch his head! " But hark! the cock-crow warns me hence, Remorse and grief be thine! For know, despite this usage vile, I shan't-I won't resign."i The cock crew loud; the morning smiled With beams of rosy red; In shame and grief the Treasurer woke, And pondering- left his bed. He hied him swiftly to the House His sorrow to express; But still the more he urged his pleas, The worse he made the mess. His Bill was dropped; the House declared They Mais alone believed, _ And swore by Boothby's estimates They ne'er would be deceived. MORAL. Take warning here, each bold Premier, By how this Bill has fared; Mistrust awaits all estimates By private hands prepared. Turn not aside from lawful guide ; Respect official ivle; "When in his place the bluntest Mais Bccomes a sharp-edged tool. My PORTFOLIO. A WAIL FOB THE NEW TARIFF. BT TF.BENCE O'FIKHIGAN. Och, Gcoffry, d'ye hear what Saxons, The murtherin blagyards, are at, That sit in the House of Assimbly, And spind all the money so pat They say that for cash they are hard up, Ail the counthry fresh income must raise, So they've put a big tax on the praties, That are carried across the salt says. Och! such ways I'd like ye to stop, if ye plaze. Crptain Hart sure's an illigant scliaymcr, An he says, l< Melbourne taxes each sack Of my flour; so to get compensation Well give them the compliment back." But the tax on his fine silk-dressed flour he To Melbourne can asy pay down, While it's bard for poor craturs to pay for Their praties in jackcts of brown. Sure the town Will resave such a lax wid a frown. Of coorsc all the Ministluy voted For mokin' poor Irishmen pay; And wid them they'd Mildred and Wentzel, Hughes, Cheriton, Erichauff, and Hay; There was some dacent boys voted for us, But alas, they were beaten by three. Though like a true son of ould Ireland Fought Gleesan to get them in free. Oeh, it's he, The darlin's the miiuber for me ! But what will we do for the praties, Now the price is riz ou usee high ? There's Judy, the wife, in the corner Wid the childber all ready to cry; And even the praties we've bj us Have cried all their eyes oat for fear Thoy'll never see more of their fain'ly Brought aver from W^rraambool here. fiure, it's clear For its poor folks they'll now be too dear. KECK OR NOTHTNO. In Saturday's Register an unlucky corres pondent, "XL," gets very properly snubbed for Bending in some rhymes of very doubtful quality as a "tip" for the then forthcoming athletic sports. The lines quoted certainly prove that if the writer's nom de plume is to lie interpreted numerically, liis signature is more forty-nate than his rhymes; or, in other words, his muse, musically speaking, maybe forte, but it is not allegro. If, on the other hand, the mysterious " XL" is construed literally, it becomes yet more inappropriate, seeing that verse is an art in which he will clearly never X L, while the event proves that even his prophecy of Giles's winning by a neck is only a neck sell too. 