III.— RELIGIOCS. THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. First Day. The sixteenth annual Conference of the Aus- <*> tralasian Wesleyan Methodist Church commenced its sittings in Pirie-street Chapel, Adelaide, on Thursday morning, January 20, at 10 a.m. The Pbestobnt (Ber. W. L. Binks) opened the Con fereuce by announcing the hymn commencing *' And are we yet alive," which having been snug, prayer was offered by the Rev. Messrs. Watkin and Rabone. The roll was called, and the President then rose and slated that by the vote of the last Conference the Rev. George Hurst had been nominated as President for 1870. Tint uoniini tion had been confirmed by the British Con ference. He then read the minute in which the appointment had been made, and the para graph of the address of the British Conference referring to the appointment. Addressing the new President, he said—Mr. President Hurst, I now with pleasure lay down the office which I have held through the kind suffrages of my brethren, and retire from the chair to make room for you. I band you the Conference seal with earnest prayer that the year of your presi dency may be one of peace and prosperity. Ibe f besidknt (the Rev. G. Hurst), on taking the chair, thanked the ex-President, and said—" My dear brethren- When, eleven years ago, I ltfc the British Conference and united myself to the Australasian, I little thought that I should ever occupy the very honorable and important position in which I this day huve been placed by my brethren in the rising Methodist Church in these flourishing colonies, and by those of the noble church in our fatherland, from which we are proud to have sprung and to be stall connected, not only by doctrinal sentiment, ecclesiastical usages, and warm Christian affection, l>ut also by con stitutional law. Just as the people in these beautiful colonies glory in their British descent, are deeply interested in Britain's honor and prosperity, and have no desire to sever their connection with the grand old country, with her noble institutions an-i glorious history; so we, as a Church, rejoice in our descent from Eng lish Methodism, are deeply concerned in its purity and success, and, though in a distant sphere, desire to live ani labor in intimate union with it. For the position in which my brethren have placed ma I am conscious that I possess but few intellectual or even spiritual qualifications; and in order that I may discharge the duties of my office with any credit to myself aud any profit to the Church, I am deeply con vinced thai I shall need the assistance of God and your sympathy aud help. But if firm belief in Wesleyan doctrine, if cordial approval of Methodist ecclesiastical polity, if full con fidence in the admirable adaptation of the aQ?n/-jo« of our Church to accomplish the pur poses for which the Church of God exists, and if fervent desire to see those agencies every where successful, constitute any qualification for the distinguished position in which you have placed me, aud will be any help in the discharge of its important duties', in these re spects, I am as well qualified as most men. And it would be no credit either to my head or my heart were I not. I was bora in Methodism, and trained within its bosom. It was the Church of my ancestors, and my &unily; have been connected with it from the time in was in troduced into my native place to the present day. Some of its members have occupied honorable positions in it, and have materially assisted in its establishment and extension, and j some, I am happy to say, now hold the highest j offices which Circuits can give. As for me, I owe all I have and am to it. Its influence over me and all my interests has been beneficial in the highest degree. In «arly life its ministry deeply and permanently impressed my mind with the truth and supreme importance of spiritual and eternal things, though for a time I did not yield up my heart to Him that made it, but allowed it to wander in the pursuit of sinful pleasure. Thirty-six years since, howevei, when my late reverend and most beloved brother Benjamin, who with the late Reverend Francis Tuckfield was the first Wesleyan Missionary appointed to Port Phillip, in Victoria, preached his farewell ser mon on leaving his home to enter the Westeyan Ministry in England, all my early impressions were revived and deepened, and soon after I re ceived by faith in Christ a clear sense of recon ciliation with God, and the regeneration of my nature by the power of the Holy Ghost. How much I vow owe and shall owe for ever to that farewell sermon of my sainted brother, whose influence led me to religion and God, only eternity will telL When I saw him leave his father's home for these shores, and when I fell upon his neck and kissed him, little did I think that after the lapse of so many years I should follow him; and even less did I think that, after he was removed to heaven from the chair of this Conference, I should have the honor and the inexpressible pleasure of ex pressing ruy profound obligations to him. But inyl attachment to MethoJisin is not purely hereditary, but also the result of intelligent conviction. I have brought its doctrines to the test of God's Word, examined its polity in the light of the general principles of Church govern ment taught in the Holy Scriptures, aud com pared its agencies and efforts with those of the Apostolic Church; and am satisfied that it holds * the faith which was once delivered to the saints,' and that it follows ths practice which commanded the approval of inspired men. And to me it seems that my convictions hie in ac cordance with another class of facts, which, I conceiie, may be adduced in support of the substantial agreement of the principles and agencies of Methodism with the teaching of the New Testament, and the usages of the primitive Church. Shall I say too much, employ the language of prejudice or of troth, when I affirm that it has commanded the approval and Hissing of God everywhere? The youngest of the Pro testant Churches in the British Empire, or in English-speaking nations, it is the largest and the most successful. Daring the 13J yeirs of its existence it has built more Churches, erected more Sunday-schools, converted, through ihe power of God, more eouls, and raised more numerous Societies than of the older Churches. In England, in the United States, and in the Dominion of Canada, it has multiplied its adherents by many millions ; while its missions in Central America, the West Indies, the Continent of Europe, the East, Southern and Western Africt, India, China, and Polynesia, are among its highest glories, and the result of its most successful labors. All these facts are evidences of true religious Ufa, and of the existence of the presence and blessing; of GoJ in the Methodist Church. In this southern world God has been with us, and He has crowned our labors with a gratifying meaure of success. When I say that God has been with us and crowned our efforts with His blessing, I do not merely refer to the ministry, but to the whole Church, and to all its agencies. With you, I do not believe in any of the un scriptural and preposterous claims in behalf of the priesthood which, in various Churches, are upheld in the present day ; and I am persuaded that neither you nor I are in any danger of attempting to lord it over the Church of God. Even our ministry is shared by our laity in two important particulars ; and t rejoice that it so. Indeed, I regard this fact as one of the great glories of our Church; as one of the great elements of its strength; and as one of the great causes of its success. From the begin ning the Methodist Church has been the great patron and employer of lay agency; and I am fully satisfied it could not have been in any part of the world what it is this day, apart from the piety and labors of our leaders and local preachers. When other Churches are awakening to the importance of lay agency, it is uot likely that we who have proved its value for more than a century shall undervalue it, or employ it less than has been our wont By the combination of ministerial and lay agency in these colonies, not only have the foundations of a prosperous Church been laid, but the building is seen to be risiag everywhere in somewhat massive and beautiful proportions. But the success^of the past should stimulate us to renewed and even more vigorous exertions. While the ground already reclaimed would re quire much effort and care, there is a vast field before us all but untouched. The masses of the people in all these colonies are far from God, regardless of spiritual religion, and un mindful of the beauties and advantages of virtuous life; andwe owe it to God.tothem, and to ourselves, to take our full share in their evangelization. Our agencies are well adapted to reach them, and they must be faithfully em ployed. Wealth, and talent, and time must be sacredly devoted to that great work which God has given us .to'do, and in the full measure of our duty. Both the talent and the time of Ihe Church may be zealously employed, but if they be separated from its wealth, to a great extent their employment will fail. The Church will never rise to the measure of her duty, and there fore never to the full measure of her success, without a righteous consecration of the whole. In these new countries all the material ap pliances of the Church —chapels, parsonages, and schools—have to be raised from their foun dations in the wilderness, generally where the people are few and feeble; and their spiritual needs (can never be met unless Christian people give to God of their substance as He has pros pered them. Well would it be for these new countries, in all their interests, were all the wealth in the Methodist Church, which ought to be devoted to the extension of religion, and virtue, and happiuess, sacredly consecrated to this object. But in the extension of our Church it will be well if we always properly distinguish between mere Church life and true spiritual life, and if we dili gently cultivate the latter. Church life, a zeal for the honor and ag/randisement of our com munity, might possibly enable us to fill these colonies with ecclesiastical buildings, and yet spiritual death reigu in all our borders. Having Church life we might be a corpse, beautifully decorated with do—drs it- is true, but nothing but a corpse. In that cose, so far as the salva tion of man is concerned —the one great purpose for -which the Church of God exists—the Me thodist Church might as well cease to be. "With ihe extension of the form of religion, let it be our one great object to spread its inner life and soul-saving power. Let us ever remember tho words of our founder, 'It is your business to sa-s souls.' That is the one great work of the Church of God in this world, and if she fail in that it will matter but little in what she may succeed. Let our ministry be directed to this one point, and let nothing for one moment divert our attention from it Let Christ and Him crucified, and all the momentous blessings resulting from His sacrificial death, present and conscious pardon, regeneration by the Holy Spirit, adoption, the Spirit's direct witness to our spirits that we are the children of God, and entire ■anctificatton b< the great thames on which we principally dwell These were the great truths, applied by thi Divine Spirit, which awoke from the dead the Church of God in the 16th century; and these are the truths, thus applied, which will keep it awake.| The preaching of any other doctrines will utterly destroy its life, and render it completely powerless for spiritual purposes. Methodism, through the Divine blessing, has always been a converting power, and I trust we snail take care that it shall never lose that power. Let us be more than ever true to our ancient pur pose—'To spread Scriptural holiness through the land;' holiness founded in true religions experience, in the sanctification of human nature by the Spirit of Goi. The Methodist ministry at all tunes and in all paces should be experimental and practical, promoting in ward leligious life and all other external godli ness. It should be these above ail things, but not at the expense of all other things. These elements should be combined with every other qualification which can make a successful ministry. The Methodist ministry should be as learned <s it is experimental and practical - learned in the general acceptation of that term, bat especially in every branch cf divinity. I rejoice very mnch that both ministers and people are folly alive <o the importance of this, and that in all these oloniea they have taken iuitiatoiy steps to give the candidates for our ministry a suitable training for their important work. The existence of Newington, Wesley, Prince Alfred, and Horton Colleges is a plea sing fact, clearly showing the desire of the Methodist people in all parts of this ' southern world' to promote every branch both of secular and sacred learning. For while these Colleges give to the young gentlemen of Methodism a sound commercial and classical education, they also endeavor to give to the ministry, or at least to a portion of it, a sound theological training. But in this latter respect they are not all we desire—they are not all that is urgently needed, and I even hope they are not all it is possible to get. lam inclined to think that something more adequate to the needs of the Church, and more in accordanca with its num bers, wealth, and respectability can yet be done. At any rate something moresbonld be attempted without any delay. I hope for mnch from the colleges as they now are, and so I think should the whole Church. We shall all be much disap pointed if many of the young men who receive a commercial and classical education iv them do not ultimately enter the Ministry and show iv it the advantages of their early training. But it appears to me that the colleges already in ex istence, will uever fully meet the real wants of the Ministry, and that the Church should always keep something more perfect before it, and endeavor to realise it. I should like to see—and so would you all, I be lieve, because we are satisfied that they are what we require—sufficient funds to give every candidate for our ministry a. suitable training, andaseparate college in every colony in which he shall receive it. The latter, perhaps, we cannot get at present, but I believe we can obtain the former. Hitherto we bave only been able to give a very limited number of candi dates any training at all in the c jUege whioh exist, but we should without any farther delay attempt to raise sufficient funds to train thfc whole. I hope that this Conference will direct that for this purpose collections shall be made j in all our places of worship, and that subscrip tions shall be solicited from all our more wealthy people. If the Adelaide Conference shall do this, it will please the whole Church, and contribute in a vital point to its prosperity. There is one other point on which I hope the Conference will bear with me while I say a few words—our foreign missions. Any Church with out missions to the heathen would be far below the true standard of Christian duty; but for any Methodist Church to be without them would be a strange anomaly. I have always thought that it was well that the Austra lasian Church tookthe missions which are under its care, upon the terms stated ia the original agreement; but it would be better if we supported £them without any assutanse from England. I do not wish to affirm that I think we are able to do that at pre sent; but I do wish to say that I earnestly hope we shall sustain our missions with all the zeal and liberality with which they ought to be supported, and that we ahaU aim at relieving the English Missionary Society of any pecuniary obligation, at the earliest possible period, that it may devote its attention and strength to other parts of the heathen world, where they are much needed. I should like to see our missions altogether our own, and flourishing entirely under our own care, ani hope that ths time is not distant when it will be so. Having them, it seems to me to be both the duty and interest of the whole Church to be faithful to them. Our Church has always been essentially missionary, and it will be no advantage to it in any way to permit any portion of this glory to depart. A revival of the missionary spirit, I am sure, wool I revive us in everything. Ido not say that ths missionary spirit has declined among us, but that it would be no disadvantage to us were we to receive an increase of this good thing, and that I devoutly pray that the whole Church may be thus enrichei. I hoj>R that this Conference trill | be distinguished by the presence and blessing of ! God, both in its deliberations and public ser vices. I am sure we arc all animated by a desire to promote his glory, and that all we say and do will only be the expression of that desire. Lei our discussions be marked by in telligence and freedom, faithfulness, and brotherly love. Let all that should be said be said, and nothing more, and said in such a way as will not unnecessarily grieve any man. Lastly, let me hare an interest, not only in your public, but also private devotions, that I may be all that a Christian man, a. Christian minister, a Christian gentleman, all that any one who presides over yon, ought to be." The address was listened to with great inte rest and satisfaction, and the President on re suming his seat was loudly cheered. The Conference proceeded to the election cf Secretary, the result being the reappjintment of the Bey. Benjamin Chapman b>- a very large majority. On ths nomination of the Secretary the Revs. C. H. Goldsmith and H. T. Burgess were appointed Assistant Secretaries. 'Ihe fiev. J.^G. Millard was chosen as official letter writer. The Bey. J. Eickfobd then moved, and the Eev. H. Gaud seconded— "That the cordial thanks of the Conference be presented to the Rev. William L. Binks for the ableand highly satisfactory manner in which he has performed the duties of the Presidency during the past year." This was unanimously adopted. The Ex-President, in reply, said he was much obliged to the brethren. He felt much indebted to them for the kindness and for bearance they had shown him, and for the valuable help they hid given him in all the important matters which had come before the Conference. The past year had been an event ful, and in some respects a painful one. They had been overtaken with calamities, in which some of their brethren had fallen under tUe hand of violence ; but he thanked God for the comfort and support he had received. He had done his best. (Applause.) He moved— " That the thanks of the Conference be given to the Bey. B. Chapman for his very efficient services as Secretary during the past year." This wax seconded by the Key. J. S. Waooh, and carried unanimously. The Secbetabt read the reply of the British Conference to the address of last year, and the Revs. Wills and Curuow were directed to pre pare the address for the present year. The hours of meeting were filed as follows: —Morning, from half-past 9 to a quarter before 1; afternoon, from a quarter-past 2to 5. The minutes of the District meetings were handed in bj the Chairman. A memorial from the South Australian Tem perance League in reference to the Total Absti nence question was presented. The Official Letter Writer was directed to prepare a reply. At 12 o'clock the doors were thrown open to the public, and the Conference prayer meeting commenced. There was a large attendance. Prayer was offered successively by the Revs. B. Chapman, J. Bickford, J. S. Waugh, W. A. Quick, J. Wfttkin, A Reid, and W. Corpoy. The afternoon session was devoted principally to the questions —" Who are received into full onaection at this Conference?" and "Who remain on trial ?" In reply to which the case of each probationer came under separate con sideration. Second bay—Fbioay, January 21. The Conference assembled at half-past 9 a. m. After singing and reading the Scriptures, the Bey. John figgleston offered prayer. Ihe record of the previous day's proceedings was read by the Secretary. The Rev. Mr. Millard presented draft of a letter in reply to the memorial of the South Australian Total Abstinence League, which, after a few verbal alterations was adopted. The business then proceeded according to the Standing Orders. In reference to candidates for the ministry who are recommended for training, it was resolved that a candidate re maining a third year at one of the institutions shall be regarded as having travelled one year, whilst one completi- g a second year only as a student shall be received simply as a can didate. In answer to the question " Who are now re ceived on trial?" the names of a number of young men were presented, together with the written characters and recommendations of the District Meetings by which they had severally been examined. The consideration of these esses occupied some time, and IS candidates were received. Careful attention was also gircn to applications made by stated ministers of other Churches to be admitted into the Wes lcyan ministry, and by two ministers of the British Conference to be received as members of the Australasian Conference. None of these applications could be entertained on account of the extreme difficulty experienced by the Con ference in providing for married ministers. The Bey. Messrs. Whewell and Woodall retire from the active work of the ministry for a short period, on the ground of ill health. The Rev. Messrs. Fawcctt and Allen, who have been supernumeraries, return to full work. The Bey. James de Q. Robin, who had rested two years, was reinstated. Thibd Day—Saturday. January 22. After the usual devotions the minutes of the previous day were read and confirmed. The plan of appointments for the Sabbath wai reviewed, and several rearrangements were made. The Order of the Day being called, nine native assistant missionaries were received iato full connection, 17 remain on trial, and five were admitted as probationers. The Rev. S. Rabjne and Mr. James Scott were appointed Auditors of the Children's Fund Account. The annual enquiry into ministerial character was made. The question, "Are there any objections to any of our ministers or preachers on trial?" received a definite auswer with respect to every minister in the Connexion. At 1 o'clock the Conference adjourned till Mon day. Fourth Day—Monday, January 24. On the motion of the Rev. J. COPE, the Order of tbe Day was postponed, and a Committee consisting of several senior ministers was ap pointed to examinine two probationers pre paratory to their ordination. The Rev. J. Cope called attention to a minute of tbe English Conference of 1869, with reference to bankruptcies, and gave notice that he would move the adoption of the minute by this Conference. The examination of character was then com pleted. The Stationing Committee having retired, the examination of the Revs. Spence and Simpson was conducted by tbe Rev. James W«tkin. At the opening of the afternoon session the station-sheet, as prepared by the Committee, was read by the Secretary. The second reading was immediately proceeded with, and occpuied the remainder of the day. Fifth Day—Tuesday, January 25. The Conference was opened in the usual way. The second reading of the stations occupied the whole of the forenoon. The Rev. J. L. Manning having tendered his resignation, the Conference resolved unanimously to accept it. Considerable difficulty was experienced in adjusting some of the appointments. The division of a number cf circuits, recommended by therespective District Meetings, was agreed to. The question— " What ministers or preachers on trial have died during tbe year?" having been asked, the President remarked that the subject before the Conference was a very eoleuiu one. Their miuds had been much affected daring the year by the death of several of the brethren. A portion of the hymn commencing— " Come, let us join our friends above," was then sung, after which the obituary notices, prepared by the district meetings of ministers who had died during the year, were read in the order of the districts. The first was that of the Rev. Joseph Fillingham, who died at Grafton, in New South Wales, in the 40th year of his age and the 20th of his ministry. The second, that of the Rev. William HOI, who was mur dered in the Pentridge Stockade by a prisoner into whose cell be bad goae to impart spiritual instruction. The Rev. J. S. Wauqh said he felt more than he could utter respecting his beloved friend and brother HilL All who knew him felt a love for him which increased in intensity and strength from week to week till the day of his death. It was evident that he entered on bis new sphere of labor in Melbourne with even unwonted zeal and earnestness. His death had caused a most painful sensation throughout the colony of Victoria. They had suffered a great loss—almost irreparable. He was a true brother, a diligent pastor, and an eloquent minister. The Rev. J. Eggleston said that all who were privileged to attend the ministry of Mr. HOI must have been struck with the richness and spirituality by which it was marked. The last sermon he preached was peculiarly appropriate, and was characterised by great fervor and power. The Rev. Ex-President read a minute adopted by the South Australian District Meeting, expressing its sense of the loss which tbe Church had sustained in the death of Mr. Hill, and also remarked that he had been mush affected in bis own mind by the sad event. Between himself and Mr. Hill there had existed an intimate and affectionate friendship, and he had marked his career from the first with great interest. He was eminently useful, and was instrumental in saving mue souls than most ministers. Similar testimonies w*re borne by the Revs. J. Bickford, T. Williams, J. G. Millard, W. P. Wells, and J Cope. Third, ifae Rev. John Whitely, who was murdered in New Zealand by the natives in the thirty-eighth year of bis ministry. The Rev. J. Buller sa:d he was a most earnest and successful missionary. He was sslf- denying and active to the end of bis long course of usefulness, and all who knew him loved him. His tenderness of spirit caused him to feel most keenly the disastrous war which had to a large extent desolated the country. Fhe massacre of Poverty Bay had particularly affected him. The Rev. W. Kirk had known Mr. Whitely for 22 years, and entertained the greatest ad miration of his piety and zeaL He felt sure that in his case the saying that the blood of the martyrs is the seed of tbe Church would be verified. his death had created a profound sensation among the Maories themselves. He had long acted as a peacemaker between con tending tribes, and was at length the only man who darst venture among them. Ths Key. A. Reed spoke to the same effect, adding that in the case of Mr. Whitely, as age increased, his zial and activity seemed to in crease in proportion. He was accustomed to spend five days a weak in teaching two Maori schools, four or five miles apart, in addition to his preaching appointments, which were very numerous. These testimonies were confirmed by the Rev. J. Watktk. The fifth notice was that of a native minister who died in Fiji. In addition to the above, tbe death of the Rev. Benjamin Field was mentioned, and a resolution of the Melbourne District recording the fact, was read by the Rev. Air. Waugh, who also spoke in high terms of Mr. Field's character, and of the valuable service be had rendered to the Church, particularly by the publication of bis "Students' Handbook of Theology." Mr. Field having been a member of the English Conference, an official letter was directed to be written to the President of that Conference informing him of bis decease. Sixth Day—Wednesday, January 26th. The Conference gave permission to occupy several new stations in various parts of the colonies. Additional preacheis were asked for a number of circuits. The request was granted in the following cases:—Newcastle and Adelong, in New Sonth Wales ; Albury, Walhalla, and Sandhurst, in Victoria; Wallaroo, in South Australia; Hobart Town, in Tasmania; King George's Sound, in Western Australia (one from England) ; Auckland (one from England), Short land, Christchurch, Springeton, Timaru, and Hokitika, in New Zealand. The Rev. J. Bulleb made a proposition to the effect that the European circuits of New Zealand should no longer be returned as mission stations, hut be regarded as ordinary colonial circuits. Some obstacles presented themselves to the adoption at once of this proposal, and the matter was deferred for future consideration. The usual elaborate statistical returns were presented and carefully considered, and several collateral subjects arising out of the returns were discussed at some length. The following is a summary of the return of Church mem bers :— Districts. FaU In" De" 9n •^ members, crease, crease, trial. Sydney 2,457 139 — 450 B&thurst; 782 35 — 202 Maitland 1,316 137—63 Gonlburn 829 132 — 173 Queensland ... 373 4—74 Melbourne ... 3,259 81 — 267 Geelong&Ballarat; 5,100 130 — COS Castlemaiue ... 2,991 445 — 450 South Australia ... 5,<=66 71 — 426 Tasmania 1,480 — 58 29 Western Australia 171 — 2 18 Totals ... 23,887 1,174 60 2,758 Mission Districts... 31,669 2,270 — 7,333 Showing a grand total of 56,556 full members, being a net increase of 3,391, and 10,091 on trial for membership. The returns also showed that there are 258 ministers and preachers on trial connected with the Conference, and 61 native assistant missionaries. A variety of business relating to connexional funds engaged attention, preparatory to the meeting of tha Connexional Committees on the following day. THE PRESIDENT'S OFFICIAL SERMON. On Wednesday evening, January 26, the President of the Wesleyan Conference (the Rev. Geo. Hurst) delivered the cu?tomary official sermon before the Conference in the Pine-street Church. There was a very large congregation. The subject of the rev. gentleman's discourse, which was an admirable one, was—"And Jesus said unto him, I am tbe way, the truth, and the life; no man cometh unto the Father except by me."—John xiv., 6. The Rev. Mr. Hurst commenced by remarking that tho re demption of the world by our Lord Jesus Christ was the most merciful and magnificent evont which had yet transpired in the universe. It was even more important and glorious than the production of all created things. There was troth as well as poetry in the couplet of Dr. Watts— " Twas great to speak a world from sought, 'Twas greater to redeem." Too Deity rcrealad Himself to His intelligent creatures by His acts, and each successive act presented to thos2 creatures some previously undiscovered perfection of the Divine nature. In the process of creation men developed His almighty power, His infinite wisdom, His boundless benevolence ; but in the greater work of redemption lie presented Himself to them and to the whole of His intelligent crea tures in an entirely new an 4 more beautiful aspect, for both they and them beheld Him as the God of infinite pity, of inexhaustible compassion, and of illimitable mercy. God created man to know, to lore, and to enjoy tbe benevolent Author of bis life, and of all its blessings; to be frith Him and to hoH con scions, intimate, and blessed communion with Him, and when man, by bis voluntary trans gression of God's holy, just, and good law, bad ost his intercourse with bis Maker, Jesus came to restore it Man's separation from tbe Father was purely the result of his own sinful act, and his reunion with him could only be effected by the mediation of Christ. *' There U bat one mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus." The greater part of man kind were indisposed to retain to God, being content to be "alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them, because of the blindness of their hearts." Many of those who were inclined to return to Him sought to return through themselves, or through some other creature. God had devised one plan only of reconciliation, but men had ia venteda thousand. God's method took away all merit jfrom men, humbled them in the dust, and saved them by an act of pure grace ai.d mercy; but their own schemes were designed to exalt their own merit, and to secure sj.lv i tion as an act of justice. Hence the way to Himself which the Father had appointed was very generally avoided, and many of those who sought to come to Him endeavored i come in their own way. But as th-ire w-w only one way—the way of sin—in which men departed from God, so there was only one w.-.y —the way of mercy—by which they could re turn to Him. Men had forsaken their Mak •••■ in their own way, bat they mo<t return :■> Him in His way. Christ and His mediati •:■ alone—including His descent from the bo>:t:;i of the Father, His assumption of their nature by His miraculous conception. His holy life, LI is sacrificial 'death, His glorious resurrection, His triumphant ascension, and His person il. all-prevalent, and ever-endaring intercession — were their only way to God. Not that His me diation was necessary to make the Father pro pitious, for it was because the Father was pro pitious that He Himself provided the media tion of the Son; but that the benevolent aud merciful Jehovah might, co.i?is<ently with His truth. His justice, and His essential holiness, pardon transgression, and welcome the sinner ts His heart. But for these purposes, the mediation of Christ was es sential, and in the presence of tbe infinite bene volence and boundless mercy of the Father* nature, Jesus was their only way to Him. " There is salvation in no other, for there is none other name under heaven given aiu'in; men whereby we must be saved." Oh that t!i - great truths contained in this text were dis tinctly heard and lovingly embraced both by the Church and the world. He then prozee .le.'l to state that it was upon the latter part of the text be intended principally to dwell — "Xo man Cometh unto the Father but by me." Tli; first great truth which this text taught was that God stood to them in the relation of a father ; the second was that to come to the Father and to rise to the privileges of sonship ?■« fraught with the highest happiness of v.-Lica man was capable both in this life anil is ti.at which was to come; the third was, that mm bad departed from the Father and, therefor?, last his chief good; and the fourth was, th:ii all men might come onto the Father through the mediation of Christ. Upon each of these divisions the rev. gentleman ably comni.->uted, and speaking upon the last he said, coniiug ;o the Father by Christ alone supposed divine illumination revealing their guilt and depravity and utter destitution of every form and degree of merit before God ; that they felt the sentence of condemnation in themselves, and poured forth at the throne of grace the only prayer or genuine penitence "God be merciful torn 3:1 sinner;" and that they embraced the atone ment of Christ as the only sure ground of their hope of reconciliation, and that they trusted in it for justification, holiness, and life. Having experienced and done thosj things, they found the Father, but never till then. Then their guilt was can called and their sins were pardoned; then they were adopted into the family of God and received {he spirit of adoption whereby they cried Abba Father; then their oM mau was crucified and they were renewed in the spiri; of their mind; then a sense of the Father* displeasure gave place to a sense of His favor and love, and their spirits were filled with light and comfort, peace and joy, confidence and hope. This was sdvatio-i —it was the life of God in the soul ; i". was the religion of experience, without which there could be no acceptable religion of prac tice. This was tbe essence of Christiauity I fading to all godliness of life, and withou; it all religion was mere form and ceremony, which could never give rest and hope to tbe soul of man. Had they then thus come to the Father, and had they found him.? What was their answer? In con cluding, addressing his brother ministers of the Australasian Wesleyan Churcli, he observed that ho hoped marc than cyer, by God's blessing, they slioui.l give prominence to the glorious truth contain* i in his text. It was the expression of this which had, by His blessing, mide them whir. they were that day. Let it be their ooe givnt work to spread it throughout the world. ~fhi Sacrament of the Lori'a Supper was then ad ministered to a considerable number of com municants, after which a solemn and deej-ly interesting sendee terminated. Seventh Dat—Thobsday, Jaxgart 27. The Conference met at half-past 9, ani after the usual preliminaries, the Key. J. Buix::-i moved, and the Rev. J. S. Waugh second;.}— " That the thanks of the Conference be pre sented to the President for his official ssn:>oa on the preceding evening." Carried unanimously. At 10 o'clock tbe C nmesi mal Committee?, which are compossd of an equal nnsab.?r <..£' ministers and iaymen, assembled. The foil >■■ - ing lay gentlemen were present:—Hon. .'. Colton, Messrs. J. Carr, M.P., J. Scott, L. fioach, W. Scott, D. Nock, M. Kingsborou«h, E. Snnter, J. B. Hack, T. Padmui, G. \V". Cotton, and J. Pearce. The report of the Children's Fund was read by the Clerical Treasurer. The fund w** shown to be in a satisfactory condition, and <> resolution moved by Mr. James Scott, iv reference to the adjustment of the fund for tbe ensuing year, was unanimously adopted. The thanks of the Committee were given to the Treasurers and Auditors for their serric-^s during the past year, and they wete reii« pointed to their offices for next year. Tho balance-sheets of tbe Kducation and Supernumerary and Ministers' Widows' Fund 3 were presented by the respective Treasurers. The services of the officers of these funds were also duly acknowledged, and appointments made for the ensuing year. Several recommendations of district meetings relative to the new scale of allowances piopos .1 by the last Conference, and submitted to t!ii consideration of Districts, were read. Tlu report of the Sub-Committee appointed to enquire into the same subject was also pre sented : and the Bey. J. Cope cade an elaborate and able statement on the proposed amend ments. After a lengthened discussion, the Sub committee were appointed, and the wli^'e question was again remitted to them tor more extended consideration. The Rev. J. Cope w.is requested to complete bis scheme of calcula tions for the assistance of the Sub-Committee. Several resolutions touching the general priu ciples of the fund were adopted. Foreign missions—The minutes of tbe Executive Com mittee in Sydney were read by the General Secretary of Missions, and received. A pro longed discussion upon the various matters con tained therein ensued. The necessity of La vine the mission accounts sent in earlier in the ye..; was strongly urged, as well as of increase.! effort? to augment the general income. A long letter from the Missionary Committee in London on the "subjact of the amount an nually drawn from that Committee to meet the expenditure of the Australasian Society was read. It proposed that instead of the tjtal de ficiency being supplied by the Home Committee, a definite sum only should be guaranteed by them, the responsibility of raising the balance to rest with tbe Australasian Conference. The Beys. J. Eggle&ton;, J. S. Waugh, and the Secretary of Missions were appointed a Com mittee to prepare a reply embodying the viewi of the Committee on the subject. A long aud very interesting statement was made by the Sev. J. Bailer respecting tin: state and claims of the Maori Nission in New Zealand, who read resolutions of the Northern District meeting on the subject. The difficulty felt is in carrying out the engagement made by the New Zealand Districts some [years ago £T support themselves without assistance from th« Mission Fond. The English circuits are fully prepared to fulfil the terms of the agreement in reference to themselves, but do not feel aUe to sustain the native missions in addition under the altered circumstances of these laissious. The Committee having sat till a late bom, adjourned till next morning for the campletioa of business. Eighth Dat—Friday, January 2S. {adjourned meeting of the missionary comhittee. The E«vs. James Watktn and S. Raboxe, who had been appointed a deputation to visic the Polynesian Missions and report on their condition, presented a full and most gratifying account of their visit to tbe Islands, and th.: results of their enquiries and observations. On the motion of the Rev. T. Williams seconded by Mr. J. Cabr, M.P., it was resolved "lhat the report of the deputation be re ceived, and that the substance oi it be priu'.eJ in the Annual Report of Missions." A conversation took place on the state nni prospects of the missions, particular refereT?'2 being made to the importance of tv« mtin ministry, the usefulness and efficiency of which ara becoming increasingly apparent. X was moved by Mr. James Scjtt, secondoi by Mr. J. B. ITaCK, and carried with aealr.sm tion—"That the cordial thanks of this Com mittee are due, and are hereby presented,toth<? Beys. S. Rabonc and James Watrin for their services as the deputation. " Two interesting letters were rrad —one ad dressed to tile Conference by the native ministers of Fiji, thanking the Conference for sending tl.n deputation, and expressing their warro ntt-ich ment to the Church; the other from Kin; George of Tonga, addressed to the deputation. thanking them for their visit, and requesting them to convey to the Australasian Conference, as well as to the Church at home, his thanks fur the Gospel to him and his people. The Conference resolved to seed a formal reply to tbe royal letter. At 12 o'clock the Conference resumed. _ Th ■? Connexional Committees, on the nomination of the Financial District Meetings, were appoints for the ensuing year ; also Committee for New ineton, Wesley, Horton, Prince Alfred, and Auckland Colleges. Other Committees for various Church purposes were appointed as usual. Applications for permission to sell Church property were received from several districts and duly considered. Permission was given in The President read a note informing the Con ference of the severe indisposition of the Rev. W. A. Quick. The Bey. James S. Wangh read extracts from a letter received by him from the Rev. John C. Symons. conveying a message of respect and love to his brethren in Australia, and Btating that he had made arrangements to sail on December 28, from Plymouth, by the ship Norfolk, and that his " Memoir of the late Rev. D. J. Draper" and an English edition of the late Rev. B. Field's "Handbookof Theology" were to be published'in London about Decem ber 15. The Bey. J. BICKFOBD mentioned bis having received a letter from the Key. William Butters, in England, expressing his unabated attach ment to his brethren in Australia, and interest iv the scenes of hb former labors. The com munication was received with great satisfac tion. The Conference then proceeded to the third readioe ef stations. TJie most careful con sideration was given to every case of special difficulty, but the reading was not completed when the Conference adjourned at 5 o'clock. Ninth Day—Satobday, Januaby 29. It was moved by the Bey. Jakes BickFORD, seconded by the Rev. 3. Ironside, and carried unanimously— i " That the hearty thanks of the Conference be presented to the Rev. W. L. Binls. the Ex- Prcs-dent, for the able and eminently practical charge delivered by him to the newly-ordained ruirjisters last evening." A. let ter from the young men ordained was also read, requesting the Ex-President kindly to permit the charge to be published, which re quest he agreed to comply with. After a revision of the Sabbath appointments, . the third reading of the stations was continued I ami fioally confirmed by a deliberate vote. The nest business in order was the election of Chairmen of Districts. The voting was as usual by ballot, and resulted in"the following appoint niems:—Sydney District, Rev. H. H. Gaud; Batburst, Key. J. B. Walerhouse ; Maitland; the President of the Conference (ex officio); Goulbura, Rev. W. Cumow; Queensland, Rev. •T. Harding; Melbourne, Rev. J. S. Waugh; G. eloug and Ballarat, Rev. J. Watsford; Castle n nine and Sandhurst, Bey. W. P. Wells; South Australia, Rev. W. L. Binks; Tasmania, Rev. | W. A. Quick; Western Australia, Rev. ?. Lowe; New Zealand, Northern -District, Rev. J. Buller; Middle District, K*v. T. Buddie; Southern District, Bey. A. Reid: Friendly Islands, Rev. Shirley Barker; Fiji, Rev. F. Laiigbam; Samoa, Rev. G. Brown. The Rev. Alexander Reid, being elected for the first time, was called upon, according to custom, to make a speech, which, after considerable hesitation, he consented to do, and acknowledged the vote in JlaorL For the benefit of tile uninitiated, the Bey. J. Bailer gave an interpretation of the reply. Tenth Day: Monday, January 31. Various recommendations of districts were read. The Rev. J. A. Cawdell, a minister of the Methodist Episcopal Church of America, having applied for admission as a member of the Australasian Conference, his application was declined, on account of the difficulty of pro viding for married ministers. He now renewed his offer on other conditions, and the Con ference resolve-!—" Ihat the Bey. J. A. Caw d>?H having offered to serve the Connexion for thioe years as a probationer, and the reason bring thereby obviated on the ground of which the Conference declined his previous offer, it is resolved that the present proposal of Brother Ciwlell be accepted, provided that it l« a distinct understanding that Brother CawdelTs daughter have no claim on the Children's and Education Funds." On the motion of the Rev. J. EoiXER, it was resolved that in future the statistics of the New Zealand Districts shall not be printed in the missionary report. The affairs of the book depots in the various colonies, and the state and prospects of the connexional publications, having been reported, it was resolved—" That the Conference rejoices in the conviction that great advantages accrue to the Connexion from oar book depots and j.^riodica's, and it is most solicitous that the •.neatest possible facilities shall be afforded to the spread of Wesleyan literature throughout the colonies." Book Committees were appointed for New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia. Very gratif j ing reports of the several branches cf the Provisional Theological Institution were presented, and it was resolved—" That the Conference has heard wi:h great pleasure the report of tie branches of the Theological Insti tution." Several recommendations of districts t>n the subject were read and considered. The advisability of establishing a Central Theological Institution has been repeatedly affirmed by the Conference; but the execution of the design has been impeded by difficulties arising out of th*> relations cf the several colonies to each otti^r. and the comparative infancy of the Aus -1 ralasian Connexion. It was suggested by the tin: John Cope that the requirements of such an inititntion might be met by utilising Horton (.V.'lego, in Tasmania. He accordingly moved :— " Tunt negotiations be opened viUi the Trus ter-i of Eorton College with the view of securing that property for the purpo3e of a Theological Institution for the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church, and that the result of such Bf gotiiitions be submitted to the District meet ings of ISO, and reported upon to the next Conference." This was unanimously agreed to. At llie time previously fixed the Conference proceeded to the nomination ef President for the year 1271. The appointment is made by the British Conference. Considerable interest was manifested in the result of the ballot. The votes were as follows: — Rev. S. Rabone, 1; R<-v. T. Williams, 1; Rev. E. Chapman, 12; Key. John Watsford, 22. The announcement was received with loud applause, and Mr. Watatord was called upon to deliver a speech. He said—" I thank the Conference for what I iivir.l as the greatest honor of my life. I owe my all to the" Church of Christ, and will try to Uo my best in serving it. There is this peculiarity in my election —that I am the first ! of those taken out into the ministry in the colonies to be nominated to the Presidency. I tbonk the brethren for their kindness." Sunday-Schools,—A code of rules adopted by the English Conference having been submitted for the consideration of District Meetings, the recommendations offered by them on the sub ject were read, and it was resolved—"That Committees, composed of equal numbers of ministers and laymen, bs appointed in each district to consider the whole question of Sab bath-schools, and report to the next Conference; and that the (ihairmen of Districts appoint such Committees." Invitations were presented from Victoria and Tasmania respectively to the Conference to hold its next annual sessions in those colonies. It was resolved—"That the next Conference be held in Hobart Town, to commence January 19, 1871\. The Stationing Committee to meet on the Tuesday preceding, and the Connexional and Missionary Committees on the 26th." On Monday evening, January 31, the sittings of the We.'leyan Conference were continued by a public meeting held in the Pirie-street Church. There was a large attendance, and the President (the Bey. Geo. Hurst) occupied the chair, several ministers being on and im mediately opposite the platform. After sing ing and prayer, the Chairman called on the , Rev. Wm. Curnow to read the customary ad dress to the British Conference. The Rev. Mr. Curnow read the address, which was a lengthy and interesting document, and which concluded by nominating the Rev. John Wats ford as President for the next Conference. R«v. H. H. Gaud had the greatest pleasure in moving that the address be received by this Conference. This was seconded, and earned unanimously. The Rev. J. Watsford, in a britf speech, in which he urged that what was J done should be done well and earnestly, moved —"That a Committee, composed of an equal n timber of ministers and laymen, be appointed in each district to consider the whole question of Sabbath-schools, and report to the next Conference, and the Chairmen of the Districts be appointed such Committee." The Rev. Spencer Williams seconded. He thought it vraa time for them to take the ques tion of Sabbath Schools into consideration, bnt they must not be too hasty in action. He ap proved of laymen being on the Committee, and remarked that he believed they, as pastors, had not performed their duties as well as they might have done with regard to Sabbath-school children. He believed that by the means expressed in the proposition they would frame a resolution which would be approved of by aIL TUo Key. W. L. Binks supported, especially advocating the appointment of laymen on the Committee, pointing ont that some of the most ■able and energetic Sabbath-school supporters would be included if the proposition were carried. These laymen—not only the Super intendent, but also the teachers —would be able to suggest alterations and emendations which would be of great benefit to the schools. He believed that if their Sabbath-schools were more efficiently worked they would see more satisfactory results arising from Sabbath-school training. They were all, he was sure, anxious for the one great object—the children's salva tion ; and they wished to draw them into the Church, and thus prevent them from going ont iato the world. He endorsed the sentiments expressed by the gentleman who preached the previous Sabba'h. It was deplorable that their children were allowed to leave the Church as they did ; and this compelled them to go over their work again. They should be kept in the Church, and by prayer brought to salvation. He heped rules and regulations would be produced which would be of use and benefit to Snnday- Bchools throughout the land. The Rev. A. Reid also made some interesting remarks. He pointed out that the principal agenta in children's training were their parents—teachers were «nly supple mentary agents. He urged them to unite in a solemn pledge to bring these children to Jesus, and carry oat his injunction, "Feed my lambs." . He referred to the number of services the children attended, and the little time the hard-working toiling man had to train up his uliiMrgn. The resolution was carried unani mously. The Chairman observed that in the address he perceived there was icfeience made to the deputation sent do wn to visit the islands, and believing that the whole Conference, as well as the Methodist people, would be please to hear some account of their visit, be would call on the Rev. Jas. Watkins to favor them with some particulars. The Eev. Mr. Watkins, in a humorous and pleasant manner, spoke of the visit of his brother the Key. S. Rabone, and himself to the Friendly and Navigators' Islands. He testified in warm terms to the seal and piety of the natives, and said he be lieved that there -was more vital godliness, more scriptural holiness, and more earnest liberality displayed by the natives of the South Seas, in proportion to their number, than any people in any other part of the world. In con clusion, he alluded to the fact that learning was not forgotten by the natives, for they had established a college at Tongatabn, in the Friendly Islands. The report of an examina tion of the scholars attending would be read by his friend the Bey. S. Rabone. The Eev. S. Rabone read the- report, which was lengthy, and which spoke favorably of the knowledge acquired by the youth of the Friendly Isles. He also read and translated a letter from King John, written in the native language. The Bey. J. Boiler gave an inte resting account of the cause in New Zealand. He lamented the war which had taken place there recently, asserting that It was not a war between the colonists and the Maori?-i, but it was an Imperial question. If it had not been for Imperial interference this war would not have been caused. He referred to the disas trous effects of the war, but pointed out that it would have the effect of making the two races—the Maori and the British—respect each other. In conclusion, he said he believed that in half a century the Maories v ould be found speaking the English language, adopting the religion, marrying Eng lish wives, would have landed estates, and would be similar in position to KngKrii gentle men. The Key. S. Ironside moved, and the Rev. Thos. Williams seconded—" That the very cordial thanks of this Conference be pre erited to those kind friends in and around Adelaide who have so hospitably entertained the minis ters during the sittings of this Conference." Carried by acclamation. The Bey. J. Cope moved, and it was seconded—" That the thanks of this Conference are due, and are hereby presented, to the resident ministers in Adelaide for the kind attention they have paid to the comfort and accommoda tion of the ministers of this Conference." This was also carried by acclamation, and the Bey. W. L. Binks having returned thanks, the pro ceedings, which had been of an extremely in teresting character, terminated with devotional exercises. 