FATHER HYACINTHE. No. V * Before he embarked for America, Father Hyacinthe visited the Archbishop of Paris, who received him with great kindness. The revd. prelate told him that, though he regretted his action, he hoped that the most friendly relations should continue to. subsist between them. To the Marquis tie Villatnarino, an Italian noble, who had written to him a letter of sympathy and admiration, Father Hyacinthe replied,—"Proofsjoi sympathy like those you have afforded meare pf-goodservice', in encouraging me in the difficult path in which I have resolved to walk. Italy can exercise immense influence in the work of the reform of the church. As far as regards myself personally, I know not whether the protest I have raised, and the sacrifice I have made, will be fruitful of results but I shall at least have obeyed my conscience even to the end. I thank you for having understood and supported tne." The protest to which Father Hyacinthe refers, is that which had been raised by himself and others in the boson; of the Catholic Church, against the influence under which the (Ecumenical council has been called, and the pretensions of its conveners. The Bull convening it, is thus interpreted,by a Catholic writer,—" it has been summoned to reassert and practically to enforce the church's political supremacy over civil society, and also her intellectual supremacy as conservator of Christian dogma, over philosophical, ethical, historical, critical and literary investigation." The protestors are umvilling to allow that the intellectual and social freedom of mankind, won after so many struggles should again be surrendered to the control of the church.' On reaching America Father Hyacinthe found that his fame had preceded him. The sermons and orations he had delivered in France had been translated into English, and widely circulated in the United States. To an American clergyman who had published an edition of his sermons, he wrote,— " I continue faithful to my church and faith, although I have protested against the excesses which have dishonoured it, and which seem' bent upon its ruin. I am not insensible of the interest felt in the bosom of other churches in what may be said or done within the pale of Catholicism I have never believed that the christian communions that have separated from Rome, have been disinherited of the Holy Ghost. Whatever be our prejudices, yet under the eye of God who seeth every hidden thing, we are labouring in common for the up-building of that church of the future, which shall be the church of the past in its purity and its original beauty." This liberal sentiment which the eloquent Carmelite preacher bad previously avowed from the pulpit of Notre Dame, and which he holds in common with many true sons of the Catholic Church, has in addition to his independent bearing, excited against him. the indignation of the Ultramontane press. In New York, Father Hyacinthe attended divine service in both Catholic and Protestant churches. In reply to numerous invitations he received from distinguished Americans to visit them at their homes, He replied that he had gone to America for rest, and for the purpose of quietly observing the working of free institutions and their influence , upon both society and the churches. He also stated that it was his intention to return to France in December, there to consult with his friends, and watch the proceedings of the council. (Ecumenical 