ATHOLBANE. A ROMANCE OF KENMORE CASTLE. BY S. COBB, ESQ. Chapter IV. A COMPACT. Of the retainers who had been collected in the lower hall only eight of them were really it for service. Three were too old to stand up against fierce blows, while one was suffering with sickness. But the eight who were able betrayed no disposition to shrink from the pro- posed attack. They saw very plainly that if they remained where they were they must soon be exposed to attack from the enemy, and they preferred to take the open court for the conflict. " It seems a little hard that Thorwald should be away with our best men at just this time," said the earl, as he and Aldred moved along the corridor together. "Why did he take them?" asked our hero. "What use could he have for such company on a mere business trip?" "O, the men were anxious to visit the capital, and Thorwald seemed full as anxious to gratify them." Atholbane appeared for the moment to have forgotten the present danger to himself and his castle. His head was bowed, his step slackened ; and the pole of his axe dragged upon the pavement. "We had better make haste, my lord." The earl started, as though from a dream, and in his blind haste he ran against his com- panion with a force sufficient to crowd him against the wall. "Bless me!" he cried, as he gained full con- trol over himself, "I am dreaming. I was for the moment thinking more of the danger that—" He stopped suddenly, as though he had com- menced to say something that had better re- main unsaid, and presently added : "We have work enough before us to engage our attention for the present." As he spoke they reached the door at the end of the corridor. Aldred had been there before, and removed all the bolts save one ; so all that now remained was to draw the single bolt near the knob and swing the door open. "I think we are ready," said Atholbane, with his hand upon the knob. The only response was a fierce clutching of their weapons by his followers, and in a moment more the way was opened. The Knight of Lanark was the first to reach the parapet. An angle of the keep shut most of the marauders from his view ; but he could hear the crashing of the heavy beam, and he could see, by the positions of a few of the ras- cals, that they were anticipating a speedy en- trance to the stronghold of the castle. The earl was quickly by his side, and when they saw that their followers had emerged from the corridor they closed their vizors, and leaped down the terrace. "God and Saint Michael!" shouted Aldred. "God and Kenmore!" answered the men-at- arms, as they rushed on after the two knights. Those of the marauding Danes who were battering at the gate dropped the beam and grasped their spears ; but before they could make the change three of their number had fallen. Two had gone down beneath the axe of Aldred, and one had sank beneath a blow from the earl. Our hero's object was to reach the robber chieftain, but that individual had crouched away behind his followers, where he stood as though stunned and perplexed by this unlooked for movement. Both the knights seemed bent upon the same object ; but they found themselves surrounded by the marauders, who had by this time recovered from the sur- prise, and they found plenty of work nearer at hand. The men-at-arms did well ; but Athol- bane and Aldred dealt death at every stroke. Their own bodies were protected by their armor, and so swiftly and surely did they ply their ponderous battle-axes that the enemy had no chance before them. Two of the earl's retainers were slain, and when the Lord of Kenmore saw them fall he sprang to the deadly work with re- doubled fury, and even the youth and vigor of Aldred could not overmatch him. The points of the highland spears, and the sharp heads of the javelins, were turned harmlessly aside by their steel harness, while the leathern doublets of their opponents, which might have turned off an arrow, offered no resistance to the keen edges of those two battle-axes. In a little while those of the marauders who remained alive showed a disposition to retreat, and at this point Aldred looked once more for the stout chieftain. "Ha! See there!" cried the earl. The Knight of Lanark looked, and beheld the man whom he sought in the act of mounting a horse in the outer ballium ; and at the same moment the rest of the marauders threw down their arms and ran. Of course neither of the knights, hampered as they were, could give pursuit on foot ; but Atholbane called to his retainers and bade them stop the fugitives if they could. One poor fellow who had been slightly wounded in the knee, was caught and brought back, but the rest succeeded in reaching the shore of the lake, and making off with the only boat there was at hand, their chieftain having dashed off to the southward upon the only horse they had brought with them. There were thirteen dead bodies in the court, eleven of the enemy and two of the men-at- arms-and when the earl had given directions for having them taken care of, he conducted his prisoner into the dungeon, where he found the countess waiting for him. She was very pale, and had evidently been suffering much, but she seemed greatly relieved when she saw her husband safe. She had witnessed most of the conflict from on upper bartizan, where she had kept Edwin for company. Several times the lad urged her to let him go down and take a spear, but she had wisely restrained him. After she had told her own experience, she asked the earl if he knew who it was that had attacked him. "No," he replied. "At first I thought it might be Olaf, the Dane, but I was quickly forced to give up that idea. Whoever he was he was a coward and a craven. Olaf would not have sneaked away from danger as did this man. He did not even show his face, and when I moved towards him for the purpose of inviting him to battle, he crouched behind his followers, and kept them between himself and us. And when he found that the day was going against him, he glided away, while yet some of his men were engaged, and mounted a horse that he had brought with him into the outer court. But we may learn something from this prisoner." The prisoner was a burly, brutish looking fellow, not particularly ugly nor particularly amiable. He sat with both his hands pressed upon his wounded knee, muttering curses, not loud but deep, over the misfortune which had brought him to his present situation. He was a Scott, of some, northern tribe, as was evident from his wild garb and wilder manner. "Look ye, sirrah," said the earl, "if you answer me straightly, all may be well with you. Give me such information as I seek, and I shall not seek revenge upon you for what you have done. What was the object of your attack upon my castle?" "My object was to obey the orders of my leader," replied the man, doggedly. "And what was your leader's object?" "I did not ask him." "But you have some idea, nevertheless. Was it for plunder?" "Perhaps so." "Who was that leader?" "I don't know." "Was it Olaf?" The man's eyes flashed fire. "Is Olaf a coward and a dog?" he fiercely demanded. "It was not Olaf." "But you must have known who led you if you were so willing to obey him." "I know nothing," persisted the prisoner. "I only know that Olaf sent us out under this man, and we were forced to obey him, because in doing so we obeyed our own chieftain ; but what was his name, or whence he came, I know not. "You had promise of booty ?" "No." "But you had hopes of obtaining booty?" "No—it had been denied us." "In mercy's name !" cried the earl, "you must know something more : You know some- thing of your leader's purpose. What was it? Tell me what you think." "I can only judge," answered the prisoner, "that he meant to capture you, and claim a heavy ransom." Atholbane questioned the fellow some further, but he gained no more information, and at length he gave the prisoner in charge to his warden, and directed that he should be closely and safely imprisoned, after which he went out into the court, where he found the workmen just coming in, and before noon matters were moving on within and about the castle as though nothing unusual had happened. Several times during the forenoon, Aldred fancied that the countess was seeking an op- portunity to speak to him privately, but he pur- posely avoided her. If he had been asked why he avoided her, he might have been unable to give an answer that would have satisfied one who sought information, and even to himself he could only make the excuse that he did not like the woman. He was naturally gallant and deferential to the gentle sex, and the light of woman's smile was like sunshine to his soul, but he found no sunshine in the smiles of the Lady Margaret. He felt uneasy when her gaze was fixed upon him, as though her dark eyes shot forth some baleful influence, and she gazed upon him as no woman had ever gazed upon him be- fore. Once, when he caught her gaze thus fixed, and met her look with his own, she started and trembled as though with guilty emotion, but presently afterwards, as he could tell by the shudder that erect to his heart, she was watch- ing him again, and this time he was forced to leave the room. Why was it ? For the life of him he could not tell. When she addressed him she did so most kindly, and in gentle tones, and yet even her speech grated harshly upon his ear. At length, however, while the earl was busy with the masons, the countess gained a place for her hand upon the young knight's arm, and led him to a seat. "Sir Aldred," she said, with a smile, "you must not shun me as though you feared me." "Indeed, lady—" "Oh, I understand. You fancy that I should stand upon the dignity of my rank, but that is not the way I treat my husband's honored guests. And, moreover, if I were even so in- clined, the services which you have rendered would remove all such barriers." The voice was kindly and persuasively pitched, and there was a smile upon the woman's face, but the eyes were fixed upon him with a search- ing, piercing glance that troubled him. With an effort, however, he so far overcame the strange feeling as to be able to meet her gaze without flinching. "Lady, I am grateful for your kind considera- tion, and I hope I may continue to merit it. At all events, it shall be my earnest endeavor so to do." "I can assure you of one thing," pursued the countess, still smiling, but with a smile that did not reach her eyes ; "if you do not continue to receive my kindest regards, it shall be no fault of mine. But, my brave knight, I have a strong desire to know how you passed last night. Do not accuse me of curiosity. I think you spent the knight in the—the—" "In the Ghost's Tower," said Aldred, finish- ing the sentence for her. "And as I find you alive and well to-day, I judge that you were not harmed." "I assure you, lady, I suffered no harm what- ever." "You are, perhaps, aware," continued Lady Margaret, without seeming to notice the eva- siveness of the last answer, "that those apart- ments are the best in the castle, and that they rightfully belong to me ; and hence I am very anxious to know why I cannot occupy them." "I thought you know, lady, that they had been reported as haunted." "Oh, certainly, I knew all that ; but is it so? Did you see anything ? did you hear any- thing?" "I heard the voice of the storm, and it sounded dismal enough in that old tower." "And what did you see?" "I saw nothing calculated to excite either fear or terror ; and my dreams, if I had dreamed at all, would, I am sure, have been very pleasant ones." "Then your sleep was not disturbed?" "Not in the least, lady. After my eyes were closed in slumber, I knew no more until the morning's sun was well up." "You mean to sleep there again, Sir Aldred?" "If it is agreeable to you and the earl." "I, for one, should like to have you," said the countess, quite eagerly. "It is not impos- sible that the ghostly visitants have departed. I hope it may prove so." "Have you ever seen them, lady?" Lady Margaret answered, with a shudder, and with a strange fluttering of tone : "Yes, I was the first—the first of the present family—to be visited. Oh! I can see her now as I saw her then—so pale! so deathly!" "It was the ghost of a woman, then?" "Yes ; she stood by my bedside gazing down upon me. I saw her as plainly as I see you at this moment, for I had left my lamp burning. I cried out in terror and she disappeared— melted away into thin air." "Was she clad in white?" "No—in deepest black. She came again and again, and finally I had to abandon the apart- ments. Others have tried to sleep there since, but none have succeeded. Only the spirit of the woman appeared to me, but to others the ghosts of men have presented themselves—the ghosts of one or two of those monks who were murdered here long, long years ago." At this point Edwin entered the apartment, and our hero was glad enough to have the con- versation broken in upon, for he had borne the gaze of those two eyes until he felt that he could bear it calmly no longer. During all the time that she had been talking the countess had not once removed it from him, but had seemed bent upon analyzing each particular lineament of his features. In fact, the knight thought it not im- possible that she had kept up the conversation more for the purpose of studying his face than of gaining intelligence of the ghosts. What could it mean? Towards the middle of the afternoon the earl drew Aldred's arm through his own and walked out upon the parapet. When they had reached the bastion nearest the western tower they stopped, and the host let fall his arm, and grasped his companion by the hand. "Aldred," he said, with deep fervor, "yester- day you saved the life of the only child I have to love—the only stay and hope of my declining years—and to- day you have saved my all ; for without your assistance those villains could not have been overcome. In return, you must allow me to take you thus by the hand and pledge you the love and faith of a brother. In sunshine and in storm, through good report and through evil report, I will stand by you and cleave unto you. My house is yours for a home always, and no breath of calumny shall ever move me from the friendship thus plighted. What more can I do?" The Knight of Lanark wiped a tear from his eye as he replied : "You can accept my pledge of brotherhood in return, and with it my faith and love." "I am the elder brother," said the earl. "And I the younger," added Aldred. "And," pursued Atholbane, solemnly, "if the time shall ever come when fate bids me draw my sword against thee, I will break the blade in twain and cast the fragments from me ere my hand shall guide the fated blow! It is a heavy compact, but I fear not to make it." "It must be the hand of fate that hath led me thus far," responded Aldred ; "and I recog- nize it as the will of Heaven. I have given up one home to find another. My lord, henceforth, while we both live, I devote myself to thy ser- vice." "AMEN!" It was a deep and solemn voice, yet soft and melodious, and seemed to come from one of the bartizans above them. The earl started and grasped his companion by the arm. "Aldred, did you hear?" "Yes, my lord." "Ah—you do not comprehend. You are calm and unmoved because you think some human voice bore that solemn utterance to our ears. We are directly beneath the eastern wall of the Ghost's Tower." "I was aware of it, my lord." "And you heard that voice?" "Yes." "And did you think it came from human lips?" Aldred had once made up his mind that he would not tell to the earl what he had seen and heard in the chambers of the tower—that he would not tell him until he had made some further discovery ; but his relations towards his host had changed since then, and he now felt that the faith of the now-pledged brotherhood required that he should keep nothing back. "My lord," he said, after a little reflection, "before we speak further upon this subject I must caution against betraying me to the coun- tess. She has questioned me touching what I saw and heard in this tower ; and though I told her no untruth, yet I purposely led her to be- lieve that I had met with nothing unusual ; and I would not like that she should know I had kept any intelligence from her." "Trust me, Aldred. You did perfectly right, —you did as I should have asked you to do had I been consulted before the countess spoke with you. But—you did see something?" "I did, my lord ; and the voice that has just spoken ' amen' spoke more plainly still to me last night." And thereupon the Knight of Lanark went on to tell to his host just what he had seen in the blue chamber, and what he had heard after he had retired. "And you were not afraid?" said Atholbane. "No," replied Aldred, "I had no thought of fear. There is an old legend that tells us how a certain youth, of exceeding beauty, fell in love with the reflection of his own face which heer saw in the clear water. If there was any one emo- tion in my soul more persuasive than another, it was of love for that pale, sweet face. Not such love as warms the heart of the true knight towards his mistress, but that other love which inspires the heart with awe and holy reverence —a love all pure and spiritual, with nothing sensual in its nature, and which gives forth no fire that can kindle the flame of jealousy. If the poor soul is in suffering, God grant that I may be the humble instrument of her redemp- tion. No, no, my lord, I have no fear of such a ghost." Atholbane walked to the extreme verge of the bastion, and when he came back he was pale and agitated. "Aldred, you and I will watch together to- night. I must see for myself." "Have you never seen it, my lord?" "I have never seen the woman's face. I have seen the dim, dusky form flitting away in the gloom ; and I have heard sobs and moans. O, my God ! What can it be!" "Have you never formed any opinion upon the subject?" The earl's whole frame shook as he replied : "I dare not think upon it. Let us say no more now. I am glad you did not tell the countess. And, my brother, for the present let this matter rest between thee and me." ===== CHAPTER V. THORWALD. When night came, according to arrangement, the earl accompanied Aldred to the ghost's tower, where he meant to keep watch until morning. Towards midnight our hero awoke his host, who had fallen asleep in his chair, and asked him if he would watch. "What hav you seen?" asked Atholbane. "I have seen nothing, and I have heard no- thing. You told me to awaken you if you fell asleep, and I have done so ; but you can sleep on if you wish." "No, no,—I prefer to watch. Go you to your bed, and I will take your place. I will call you if anything occurs." Aldred did not believe that the pale presence would manifest itself. He did not express the opinion to the earl, but he felt in his soul as though it were unkind for two stout knights thus to hang upon the haunt of the beautiful spirit. He almost felt ashamed of the lack of gallantry displayed by such conduct, and he fancied that he could see that pale, sweet face turned reproachfully upon him, However, he left his host in the blue chamber, and sought his pillow, where he very soon fell asleep. Meantime Atholbane sat close by the shrine which supported the cross, and upon which, also, the lamp stood. He had brought with him an old Saxon book of chronicles, the vel- lum leaves of which had grown yellow with age ; and as he sat there poring over the quaintly illuminated pages his attention was attracted by a slight, shuffling sound at the opposite side of the room, and upon looking in that direction he saw, standing within the folds of the heavy tapestry, the figure of a man, clad in a monkish habit of grey cloth, with a rope girded about his loins. The upper part of the face was covered by the overhanging of a black cowl, while the lower part was enveloped in a beard of snowy whiteness that reached almost to the waist. "Atholbane," spoke the presence, in grave, measured tones, "you have need to watch, but not here. The Knight of Lanark may be trusted with your very life!" The tapestry fell back to its place, and the figure disappeared. The earl, as soon as he could collect his startled senses, arose from his chair and hurried to the place where he had seen the strange pre- sence. He lifted the tapestry, thinking that he might see it again, but only the bare wall, smooth and solid, met his gaze. He had turned to call Aldred, when he beheld the youthful knight approaching him. "Ah, my lord, have you soon her?" "I have seen something, Aldred. Take you the lamp, and let us search." They searched every nook and corner of the chamber, and then went into the bathing room beyond, but nowhere could they find any clue to what they sought. "Aldred, it was not a woman I saw. It was a man—a monk—clothed in grey, with a silvery beard that reached to his waist. His look was grave and solemn, and his voice was in keeping therewith." "Then he spoke to you?" "Yes." And the earl repeated the words he had heard. "Indeed, my lord, I know not what may be the meaning of this, but I do know that the mysterious presence spoke the truth so far as I am concerned." Atholbane walked slowly and thoughtfully to the bed, and sat down upon a chair by its side. "Aldred," he said, removing his hand from his brow, and looking up into his companion's face, "what think you of this?" "Perhaps I do not understand the object of your question," returned our hero. "I mean, what think you of the character of those mystic visitants ? Are they really spirits that have passed from the body—that have met with the transition which we call death?" "By my faith," answered Aldred, promptly and frankly, "I am forced to the belief that they are. I have reflected much upon the subject within the last four-and-twenty hours, and can see nothing impossible nor improbable in such a thing. Wise men, in all ages, have held the be- lief that the spirits of the departed, could, under certain circumstances, revisit the scenes of their earthly life, and, if I am not mistaken, the sacred traditions of all religious sects make re- cord of such visitations. And, above all else, I cannot flatly dispute the evidence of my own senses. What's your opinion, my lord?" "I am of your opinion, Aldred, If you please to call such things ghosts, then we have seen them, and I am not inclined to disobey the injunction which I have this night received. Without stopping to inquire into the justice or reasonableness of such a demand, I am willing to leave you to do the watching in this tower. I have need to watch, but not here! Where am I to watch, and what? My brother, can you tell me?" The Knight of Lanark shook his head. "I wish I could answer you to some purpose, I my lord, but I am as yet in almost total ignorance of your private and public affairs. The warning may have had reference to something connected with the attack of the marauders, and it—." "Never mind, Aldred," interrupted the earl, with a wave of the hand. "I cannot say that at the present time I have even a suspicion of any threatened danger, though God knows I have trouble enough. But I shall watch—I shall watch elsewhere, and to you I give the mystery of this tower, to solve it if you can." Atholbane offered to remain where he was until morning, but his companion urged that he should seek his own apartment, and find rest. Our hero thought to himself, after the earl was gone, that the plot was thickening. If he had over doubted the existence of ghosts, he doubted not now, and he certainly had reason to believe that there was something more in these ghostly visitations than a simple desire on the part of the ghosts to wander about their old haunts. Touching the connection of those myste- rious events with the affairs of his host, he could as yet form no opinion, though he felt sure that their connection was all in that direction. "I will watch and wait," he said to himself, "and if there be danger hanging over this house may the fates in mercy avert it." Having spoken thus he arose, and drew back the curtains of the bed, and smoothed down the pillow, but before retiring, he concluded to take a look into the blue chamber, the door of which had been closed when he and the earl came out. He did not take the lamp, and he was not a little surprised, upon pushing open the door, to find a dim ghostly glare pervading the apartment. There was no lamp or torch to be seen, but from the sombre tapestry issued a grave-like glimmer, just rendering visible the furniture of the place. As he stopped over the threshold, he saw a dark figure arise from the mat before the shrine, where it had been upon its knees. It was the figure of the female he had seen be- fore, and he caught just one glance at the pale, beautiful face, as it passed on towards the inner wall. He spoke, but received no answer. He took another step forward, and the ghostly glimmer went out, and with it disappeared the mystic presence from his view. He followed it no further. He waited until he was sure it had gone, and then he returned to his chamber, and threw himself upon the bed. The few hours' sleep which he obtained was sweet and refresh- ing, and he dreamed no unpleasant dream. In the morning he found the earl in the court, and Edwin was with him. "Dear father," cried the boy, as the three mounted the parapet, "when is the tournament to be?" "In two weeks, my boy." "O, I wish it would come sooner ; I am so anxious to see bravo deeds done. I think our good Aldred will bear away the prize. Don't you think he will, father?" The earl smiled at his son's earnestness. "I think he deserves to win it, at all events," he replied. "You forget," said Aldred, laying his hand upon the youth's head, "that the best knights of Scotland will be there, and some stout Eng- lish knights to boot." "And who is better than you?" demanded Edwin, seriously. Aldred's answer was a faint smile and a shake of the head. "I don't believe there are any," pursued the lad. "My brother Thorwald thinks he is the best knight of the realm, but I don't believe it. When you and he meet, I shall look to see him go down. "O, I hope you will unhorse him!" "Edwin!" The boy did not heed the interruption, nor did he observe the sudden quiver of the lips us his father spoke his name. "As I live, father, I do not believe that Thor- wald is a truly brave man. Brave men do not boast so much." "Thorwald is not very boastful, my boy." "But, when he does boast, he does so in a way which is not very pleasant to me," asserted the lad, in a determined manner ; "and I am very sure it would do me good to see him—" "Hush, my son. Here comes your brother now." At that moment a proudly-sitting gentleman, followed by a score of stout men- at-arms, rode into the court, and the earl and his companions went down from the parapet to meet him. "Thorwald," said the Lord of Kenmore, after he had greeted his step-son, "let me pre- sent to you Sir Aldred, the Knight of Lanark, who has come to pay us a visit." " I bid the gallant knight a welcome to Ken- more with all my heart," responded Thorwald. And as he spoke he gave his hand to the visitor. I have heard of you, Sir Aldred," he con- tinued ; and I have often thought that I should like to meet you. Will you remain long with us?" "I cannot tell how long," answered our hero. "You are at liberty to remain as long as you wish?" "Yes." "Then never fear but that we shall detain you a long time. I think we can make your stay agreeable" Aldred bowed his acknowledgment of the implied kindness, and then the party turned towards the keep. "Have you been to breakfast?" Thorwald in- quired. "No," replied the earl. "It is early yet." "Nevertheless," cried the step-son, "I have ridden from Scone since I came from my bed, and you may safely believe I am hungry." "I looked for you yesterday, Thorwald." "And I intended to return yesterday ; but I accompanied some of my friends upon a hunt- ing excursion, and we did not got back in sea- son." Thorwald was thirty years of age, tall and muscular, with a low brow, a broad, compact, heavy face, the eyes deep-set and piercing—the nose and chin in perfect keeping with the high and prominent cheek-bones. His hair was black and long, but his beard, of the same raven hue, was closely and evenly cut. Take him all in all, Thorwald was a gallant looking knight ; and there were many noble dames in Scotland who would have called him handsome, and with them his superciliousness would have passed for proper pride and brave bearing. Though he may have taken some of his mental characteris- tics from his mother, yet, physically, he had in- herited from his father so clear a Norman estate that no one, unacquainted with his parentage, could have supposed that he had Saxon blood in his veins. When the party had entered the keep Aldred saw Lady Margaret as he had not seen her be- fore. As she embraced her dark-faced son all the pride and love of the mother was manifest, and she showed that, for him, at least, her heart could grow warm and sympathetic. After breakfast, while the countess had drawn Thorwald away, and while the earl was busy with the returned men-at-arms, Edwin ap- proached our hero's side and took his hand. "Good Aldred," he said, in a low, earnest tone, "did you observe how my mother met Thorwald ?" "I saw it," replied Aldred. "Don't you think she loves him?" "I think she does." "Should you think, from what you have seen, that she loves me as well?" "You have not been away from home as Thorwald has," answered the knight, evasively. Edwin shook his head. "Ah," he said, significantly, "you don't wish to tell me what you think. Where has Thorwald been? What danger has he met?—None. He has simply been on a visit to the capital, and he has had a score of stout knaves to keep him company, and give him protection in case of need. How was it with me when I came home from the lake? She knew, when she met me, that I had come from the very verge of watery grave." "Hush, Edwin. You do wrong to speak thus to me." "No, no," cried the boy, grasping the knight's hand more tightly. "Do not tell me that. I love you, and I want you to love me ; and I want you to sympathise with me." "My dear boy, you know I love you ; and it is because I love you that I would not have you dwell upon such a subject." The pale youth shook his head solemnly and sadly. "I am a poor, sickly boy," he said, "and my mother is not proud of me, as she is of he elder son. But,"—and his eye brightened as he spoke,—"my father loves me ; and with his love, and with your love, I suppose I ought to be content. But tell me, Aldred, how do you like my brother?" "I cannot tell yet," replied the knight. "I have hardly seen him." "But you have looked into his face, and you have heard his voice." "Ah, Edwin, we should not pass too hasty judgment upon our fellow." "You mean," said the lad, with an expression that might have become an experienced prea- cher, "that we ought not to speak our hasty judgment too freely. I know that you have formed a judgment. You have read Thorwald's face as you would have read the character of the weather in the dark cloud-signs that sometimes gather about the summit of Ben Lawers. You might not fel authorised, from those signs, to declare that a storm would come ; and yet you could not drive from your mind the conviction that a storm was imminent." "You reason well," returned Aldred, with a smile ; "and I certainly shall not contradict you. Still, I hope that my relations with Thor- wald will be of a pleasant character—and it shall not be my fault if they are not." While this conversation had been going on between Aldred and Edwin, the earl had been conferring with Siward, who was one of the number that had accompanied Thorwald. This Siward was a stout, fair-faced, resolute looking man, of middle ago, and was the armorer of the castle. He was not only a most excellent crafts- man, but one of the best and bravest of soldiers. He could use arms as well as fabricate them, and was thoroughly attached to the interests of Ken- more. "Do you tell me," said the earl, "that you have not been with Thorwald?" "I tell you," replied Siward, that he left us at Scone, when we reached that place a week ago, and we saw him not again until last night." "He had been hunting, I suppose?" pursued Atholbane. "So he told us, my lord." "But he did not invite you to join in the sport ?" "He did not." "Surely, Thorwald might have been more thoughtful of your comfort ; but you must not blame him." "I have no thought of blame, my lord. For my own comfort, if left to my choice, I should not seek the companionship of those who were inclined to avoid me ; so I have no discomfort to lay at Thorwald's door." Before the main gate of the keep the earl met his step-son. The latter had been informed by his mother of the attack of the marauders, and he now sought further particulars, which Athol- bane gave him in full. Thorwald expressed horror and surprise and indignation, at the same time expressing the firm conviction that if he had been at home he would have either cap- tured or killed the robber chief ; and he further- more declared that he believed that chieftain to have been none other than Olaf himself. "You say you have one of the rascals in safe confinement?" "Yes," replied the earl. "He is locked up in one of the cells beneath the eastern tower." "We will see him in the morning, and find if we cannot get some information from him. I think a proper application of the thumb-screws will open his mouth to some purpose." "Why not bring him up to-day?" suggested Atholbane. Thorwald said he had not time to see him. He had got to ride down to Claggan to attend to some business of his own, and he might not be back until night. So the matter must rest until the morrow. At night, just as the stars were beginning their watch, Thorwald returned, and as he was much fatigued he sought his rest at an early hour. Aldred again retired to the old chamber in the Ghost's Tower ; but neither the pale-faced woman nor the white-haired monk came to visit him ; but he dreamed of them both. Old Finían, the warder, however, had some- thing more than dreams to tell of when he saw his lord in the morning. He had seen a veri- table ghost during the night. He had seen it in the corridor leading to the eastern tower. It was black as night, and as big as a tree. The earl suggested that the corridor was not high enough in the arch to accommodate a very large tree. Whereupon the warder replied that ghosts could accommodate themselves to any space. They could fill a chamber, or they could pass through a key-hole. Did Finlan follow the ghost? No. There had been no need of it,—in fact, no opportunity ; for it had disappeared—re- solved itself into thin air—the moment it be- came aware that human eyes were watching it. Atholbane did not laugh at his faithful old warder, as he might have done a few days be- fore ; nor did he acknowledge a faith in the ap- pearance of a ghost. He thought to himself, as he turned away, that some one of the mys- terious habitants of the western tower might have paid a visit to the apartments of the oppo- site angle of the keep. After breakfast Thorwald came and proposed that they should go down and see the prisoner. He had brought two stout servants with him who would apply the instruments of torture, if such a course should be found necessary ; and he expressed himself as very confident that they should learn all they desired to know. The warder went with them, carrying the keys and bearing a torch. The door of the cell was reached, deep down beneath the tower, and Finlan applied his key and threw it open. The prisoner lay prone upon the cold, hard flagging, and when the earl spoke to him he made no reply. Thorwald touched him with his foot, and told him to get up ; but he did not move. "The man is dead!" said Finlan. Had he died from his wound? No. As they turned the body over upon its back they found the eyes pressed out from their sockets, and the tongue protruding from the mouth. It was a ghastly looking face, bearing, in its purple lines and horrible corrugations, traces of agony most intense. "See!" cried Aldred, stooping down and lift- ing the long hair from the shoulder. A leathorn thong, half buried in the swollen flesh, was revealed around the neck. It had been drawn tight enough to break the scarf-skin in places, showing plainly that a strong hand had applied it. No amount of discussion could solve the mystery. Old Finlan was strongly inclined to the belief that the ghost had had something to do with it. And so thought Atholbane ; but his thoughts went farther than did those of his warder. Who, or what, had been that ghost? When he was alone in his closet he sank into a chair, and bowed his head upon his hand ; and the words which had been spoken by the mysterious presence in the Blue Chamber came painfully to his mind : "Atholbane, you have need to watch ; but not here!" [TO BE CONTINUED.] ========== HENRY WARD BEECHER says it will never do to " preach cream and practise skim- milk." IN cold northern countries, by a wise pro- vision of nature, the mountains are clad in firs. CARLYLE in his advice to young men, says, "If you doubt whether to kiss a pretty girl, give her the benefit of the doubt." THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN LOVE AND LAW. In love the attachment precedes the declaration ; in law the declaration precedes the attachment. AN Irishman, hearing of a friend who had a stone coffin made for himself, exclaimed " Faith that's good. Sure an' a stone coffin 'ud last a man his lifetime. COMPETITION.—The man who travels a thou- sand miles in a thousand hours may be tolerably quickfooted ; but he is nothing to the woman who keeps up with the fashions. " REMEMBER who you are talking to, sir!" said an indignant parent to a facetious boy ; "I am your father, sir!"—"Well, who's to blame for that?" said young impertinence, " tisn't me." A GENTLEMAN, taking apartments, said to the landlady, " I assure you, madam, I never left a lodging but my landlady shed tears."—" I hope it was not, sir, because you went away without paying," said the landlady. " BIDDY" said a lady to her servant, " I wish you would stop over and see how old Mrs. Jones is this morning." In a few minutes Biddy' re- turned with the information that Mrs. Jones was just seventy-two years, seven months, and two days old. SHARP'S THE WORD.—An Iowa girl described as a pretty, talkative, laughing, bright-eyed brunette, lately got into Omaha in the evening, was introduced to a young man in the morning, went to a pic-nic with him, and brought him back and married him before supper.—Chicago Journal. MONSIEUR DE VIVONNE, who was general of the expedition against Messina, writing from that place to the king, closed his letter with these words, " To finish the affair we only want ten thousand men." He gave his letter to seal to Du Terron, commissioner for the army, who was bold enough to add, " and a general." SELFISH.—" My dear," said Mr. B. to his wife, while his smiling countenance indicated the consciousness of having done a good action, " I have just had my life insured for your benefit," —" Well, I declare," said Mrs. B. looking round upon her family and friends with an expression of injured innocence, "just to think of the self- ishness of men, and particularly of husbands ! There, you have been and had your life insured, while your poor wife may go without any insur- ance on hers. It's just what I would expect of you !" THE following is a verbatim copy of a sign formerly to be seen over a shoemaker's shop in the village of Heallan, near Denbigh, Wales. The schoolmaster would seem to have been rather at fault when the sign was composed : —" Pryce Dyas, Coblar, daler in Baco Shag and Pig tail, Bacon and Ginarbread Eggs laid every morning by me, and very good Paradise, in the Summer, Gentlemen and Lady can have good Tae and Crumquets and Strawburry with a scim milk, because I can't get no cream.—N.B. Shuse and boots mended very well." THE following anecdote is told of the painter Barrett :—His only pets were a oat, and a kitten, its progeny. A friend, seeing two holes in the bottom of his door, asked him for what purpose he made them there. Barrett said it was for his cats to go in and out. " Why," replied his friend, " would not one do for both ?"—" You silly man !" answered the painter, " how could the big cat get into the little hole ?"—" But," said his friend, " could not the little one go through the big hole ?"—" Egad !" said Barrett, so she could ; but I never thought of that." FRENCHMAN of the old school did at times tremendously polite things, such as breaking their necks to pick up a lady's fan, or setting fire to a house to dry her when caught in a shower of rain, or running through the body any one who should dare to say that her foot was large or her nose red. In our days Frenchmen are not quite such fools, and yet they sometimes do exceedingly foolish things in the polite line. This story, for example, is related of a Count de Lecoulteux, who has just died. In descending the staircase of the opera one night, a lady of his acquaintance had a lace dress of considerable value torn by a man trending on it. After an exclamation of impatience she turned to the count and said, " Have you a pin ?"— " Madam," said he, " I don't carry a pincushion, but here is one," and he drew from his breast a valuable diamond. " Sir," said the lady, nettled probably by his retort about the pincushion, " I cannot accept a diamond from you." " Well, then," returned he, " her is a pin with- out a diamond." And breaking off the jewel, threw it out the window, and presented the simple pin. EXTRAORDINARY PRACTICAL JOKE.—We saw the Strand thrown into terror, confusion, and distress by the unaided wit of two boys. It was one of those foggy, damp, December even- ings, when the lamps look like blurred moons, and objects twenty yards off are all but undis- tinguishable, and the pavement is as slippery as if all the clowns of all the theatres had been practising the making of butter slides for the coming pantomimes. Those playful youths had got a suit of old clothes and some straw, out of which they had made up an image sufficiently like a man to pass muster in that uncertain light. With this, counterfeiting the action of affectionate sons taking home it beloved but intoxicated father, they would suddenly appear in front of some passing omnibus, and then, affecting to lose all presence of mind, allow their helpless parent to fall almost under the foot of the horses. The scene may be imagined. Terror of the passengers, horror of the driver, horses down through having been sharply turned aside or pulled up on the greasy pavement, and the general agitation, which culminated when at length an omnibus with more way on than usual actually passed over the body, the wretched driver, of course, suffering the mental agonies of a homicide until relieved by seeing the straw intestines of his victim.—Saturday Review. BADGERING AN IRISH VOTER.—" You're a Roman Catholic?"—"Am I?" said the fellow. "Are you not ?" demanded the agent. "You say I am," was the answer. " Come, sir, answer —what's your religion ?"—" The true religion." —" What religion is that ?"—" My religion." "And what's your religion?"—"My mother's religion."—"And what's your mother's reli- gion ?"—" She tuk whiskey in her tay."— " Come now, I'll find you out, cunning as you are," said the agent, piqued into an encounter of wit with this fellow, whose baffling of every question pleased the crowd. " You bless your- self, don't you ?"—" When I'm done with you, I think I ought."—" What place of worship do you go to ?"—" The most convainyant."—" But of what persuasion are you ?"—" My persuasion is that you won't find it out."—" What is your belief?"—"My belief is that you are puzzled." —" Do you confess ?"—" Not to you."—" Come, now, I have you. Who would you send for if you were likely to die ?"—" Doctor Growlin."— "Not for the priest?"—"I must first get a messenger."—" Confound your quibbling ! Tell me, then, what your opinions are—your con- scientious opinions, I mean."—"They are the same as my landlord's."—" And what are your landlords opinions ?"—" Faix ! his opinion is that I wont pay him the last half-year's rint, and I am of the same opinion myself," A roar of laughter followed this answer, and dumb- founded the agent for a time ; but, angered at the successful quibbling of the sturdy and wily fellow before him, he at last declared, with much severity of manner, that he must have a direct reply. " I insist, sir, on your answering at once ; are you a Roman Catholic ?"—" I am," said the fellow. " And could you not have said so at once ?" demanded the officer. " You never axed me," returned the other. " I did," said the officer. " Indade, you didn't. You said I was a great many things, but you never axed me —you wur drivin' eras words and cruked ques- tions at me, and I gev answers to match them ; for sure I thowt it was manners to cut out my behaviour on your own patthern." 