SPOUTING. T5v Old iToiiiiqcks' -Ghost. So lifter 11II, Gynipio is to have another Christ mas Kaoe Meeting. Though; comparatively with tho programme of 'G9, the prizuB are not irresistibly tempting; yet 1 feel justified in stating that the presont list of ' good things' is, undor oil cir cumstances, very liberal. 3y souh the falling-off is attributed to the drain made by the Grst meet of the G. T. (1. 1111011 the fuiida available horn for sporting-purposes. With this idea I do not agree, and will lay tho Llame at tlio right door, viz., tho apathy of tho e who boasted so tnuch spirit at the last Gympio Turf Club Meeting. Had proper pluek beon shown, wo would havo been able to offer prizos much bettor tlinn any othor town in Qnoenslnnd. As it is, wo olfer little or no induce ment for horseB nt a distance. This circumstance nt all times tends to d|imp a rnco- meeting, as thoro is always moru excitement in watching a contost between local horses nnd thoso from other towns, than -between local horses nloue. But as, in this particular case, wo havo a fair field of local nags, tho owners of which aro each confident of posses sing tbo best, no doubt more interest will be manifested than otherwise would bo shown. If 1 mistake not, thn Stewards nre tho parties responsible for the programme published; then vvhv nnt. 'hhur? if. ivit.h nsimfia? Vnrv fow know who the Stewards are, or whether there aro any at all. It certainly soems a . ' hole nnd corner' wny of doing business; ' At tho first dis cussion-hold in connection with this meot, one of gontleme.n' present (who seemed to bo d meeting of himself) proposed no less than aeven stewards, somo. of whom were presont and gavo their con sent to act. Tho Seorotary was requested to write to'the others intimating that they had been elected nnd asking whothor thoy would net. Now, by the-bye, while on this subject a fow romnrUa anent the said elections may not bo out of place ; and I wish it to bo understood that 'I think many of the gentleman proposed tbo 'right men in tlio right place;' 'But tho individual boforo alluded to appoared to treat with contempt the nnmo of any other gentlemen but those proposed by liimsolf. If any. ono -suggested a name ho was met with the response ' Oil, ho is a publioiin' ; or 'Yes, ho is a vory good man, 'but lie owns a horse ; I don't wuut publicans or owners of horses on the list' ; or some other ridioulous assertion. Why, tho two classes he mentioned wero tho very men who ought to have been on tho Committeo, as it was greatly to thoir interest that the moat should bo n success. There tiro other incidents in connec tion with this elnntion that I could mention, but think it unnecessary. In ono of my literary rambles some timo ago, 1 strongly advocated tho advisability of at onco foucing-in tho race-course ; but nothing has beon done yet in the matter, and consequently n largo sum that would have been realised by tho sulo af the gate is lost to tho Stewards of the present mnnt.tnrr Tt. \a nnrtninlir timo tli.if. flta nnnran WHO fenced-in, as not. only would tho Gympio Turf Club roali8o a good aura by tbo snlo of f»nle at ' thoir own yearly gathering, 'but also would profit through letting tho course ns a grazing-ptuldock. Now for some remarks as to tlio programme. It is a very good one considering the short timo there ia, for getting in subscriptions, &c.;, and refleots credit on -the Stewards^ but tliero aro 0110 or two mistakes in it. Tho timo of closing the entrances is too into, vis., the night boforo the races; and I will explain how sorious this might provo. It is not expected that there will bo moro than four or five outrances for tho Gympie CliriHt m.iB Pinto ; and it is just possible that somo of them may bo ontored for tho Miuer'a Purse. Sup pose thoro should bo only three entered for tho big event and ono of those woro woightod' out of tho raco, it would leave only two horses, and, accord [ Ing to the Gympie Turf Club RuIcb, there would be no race. Now, what timo would there be to substitute another in its place?— for it is scarcely likely that the Stewards '.would allow such u gap in tho programme. Of course I spouk on supposi tion, but thoro is nothing like being prepared for the worst. '? ? Tho Miner's Purso is for horses tho bona fide propoity of miners not for any specified time beforo, but nt the time of, starting, I presume. . The Hurdle Race, iu my opinion, will not All uPv 7. The only horses thnt I liavo hoard of that are at present making preparations for tlio ensuing racos are Centipede; Gannon Ball, and : Mr. Best's three. There is somo tiilk of this gentleman send ing one of his nugs to Brisbane and Ipswich.; I am sure there is no one, in such a enso, who would not wish him luck, for ho . certainly deserves it. I intend shortly to givo an account of the running last year of the horsos that lire likely to put in an appearance. ' 