TIIB SUPPOSED DAWN OP A H13W LIGHT. No. I. Man 10 a progressive and developmental creature, the great secret of his success in raising himself to his present protid (iresminence being that desire to know all things of which he tttay be ignorant, to achieve all that is to be achieved, which is his great characteristic, and which is variously called curiosity and ambition. So far he has wonderfully succeeded in his efforts to elevate himself, he has conquered the obstacles of nature, has almost annihilated time and distance^ and brought nil the elements uuder hia command, but there is one thin;* unknown to him, one achievement that he Is not likely to achieve; He may control the nubtle influences called electricity aild magnetism, ho may make the impalpable air, the lire and the water, his. servants, hut he cannot raise the Veil which shrouds the Future, which divides the Land of the Living from the Region of the Dead, he cannot know what has become of the loved ones that have departed from him to return no more than he can stay their fleeting breath. In all ages, in all climes, amongst all races of men this desire has been manifested with the same aimleoo results, the creation of supersti tion, of ghosts and apparitions, of witches and wizards and others who preyed oil the desire of humanity to know something of tile Great Beyond, from which thete oanle in voids, no vision-the silent grave. And there was in this nothing at which to be surprised. " Who that hath bent him o'er the dead," and watched the loved lips cold in death, that will not reply to the wail of the lover, the chill face that will not smile however we gaze upon it, the stiff baud that will not return our pressure, but has felt an indescribable yearning to know whither the spirit had winged its flight, and desired to commune, if only once more, with the being loved in life so well ? Who has not in the first wild agony wished himself dead that he might bo with the dear one ? And many have been the efforts to draw aside the mysterious curtains and unveil the mysteries of Eternity, but still, solemn, and impenetrable they have remained, and will, it seemj, until at the last day the world shall flee away like a scroll, and the black Yeil shall be lifted for ever. Among the modern attempto to pierde the thick obscurity of the other world, Spiritualism id the greatest, and although by no means so new as many think, of late it has obtained so many believers, and has been in our own diatrict the means of founding a new " progressive" religion, the Casliemaine " Universaliste," that at the present moment a little study of its doctrines and manifestations appeared to me apropos. Such I could not look ior in the embryo efforts of bur planchette circles, where schoolboy scrawls, telling that " John Brown was a carpenter onoe, and vrns now in :he third stage of glory-good night," was the acme of perfection attained in the spiritualistic philosophy and practice. Fortunately a respected friend, who takes a deep and earnest interest ih the subject, aided my efforts by presenting rrie a bulky couple ol volumes 011 " Spiritualism,1, written jointly by Judge Edmonds and Dr Dexter of the United States, the nursery of the Spiritualists-a work written in such u manner that I had hardly glanced through it when I said to myself, " Eureka ! this is the work I want; it is abso lutely the Koran of the new faith." And such it is; a book written by sincere, able, and intelligent men, whose every word evidence their full faith in what they write ; men above the suspicion of resorting to dissimulation or nny of the meretri cious tricks used for the purpose of making money, as is the case with those persons who pervert the noble science of mesmerism lor gain. [ purpose giving the reader, in as concise a form as possible, the most interesting particulars I have gleaned from these volumes, and making Bome comments of my own upon tileiii. Spiritual mediums are not developed at once. Their debut is as writing mediums. They write messages from the wpirits at first in a clumsy way in their native tongue, hut gradully improve, and become more perfect, often speaking, according to these volumes, in Beveral languages of which they had no previous acquaintance, nnd are ignorant of soon as the spiritual influence is over, Certain mediums become even still more developed; they throw aside the dull slow planchette, and becom ing wrapt as the seers of old ore " possessed," not with the .Spirit of the Lord, but with the spirits of the departed, and speak and act and look as did tile bodies of the souls speaking through them. There ia even a greater development than ttiia; some absolutely become gifted with n greater gift than the G iiilic Taisieragh or Second Sight, and see tho inhabitants of ttio Spirit World around them, and influencing the mediums, by meant of which they guard against the evil spirits that are in the room. These are called aeeing mediums. For instance, Judge Edmonds had a difference with some dark spirit (of the spiritual divisions of the inhabitants of the next world morn anon) and when he returned home at night he saw the shady spectre attempting to influence malevolently Mrs F. a famous Ohio medium. In spite of the Judge's effortu the spirit obtains possession, and here is the result: .'At first we sat by the table very silent, and every muscle of her body was drawn to its tightest tension. It wan some time before the spirit (that is Mrs F. whose identity was nov? lost in the demon that had taken possession of her) said much, but the gesticulation was violent. He frequently looked in my face with a concentrated exprosaion of spite, ilia face waa very much finished." The whole countenance was contorted, and ho far did the resemblance extend that there was even around the neck tile white livid mark of death by hanging I Afterwards it turned out thin was the spirit of a murderer. Talk oI demoniacal possession after this 1 The introductions to those volumes #t6 to thinking minds by far the best part of them, for here hoih the authors reason coolly anil with great clearheiJ 6f thought ami ability on behalf of Spiritualism, claiming it nn oiily the sequence of thu visions and spiritual appearances recorded in the Bible. The rest of tile volumes are fnsde up of conmunicatious, and visions vouchsafed to' the seeing mediums. Spiritualists claim that one of the great proofs of the truth of the doctrine ii the manner in which the spirits change the style of tho language and even of the penmanship, when mediums arc influenced by different spirits, thus individualising ench, but truly in these volumes, ai in nil other spirit Communications, I have seen this has not been perceptible-all appear to be tinged by the medium as light is colored by the glass it shines through, "the spirits which cominunicatcd moat in the ftmtmds-ljeiter circle were Swecdenborg ond Bacon, nnd certainly tho communications bear little likeness to their styles, the style being inflated and verbose, in many parts objenre and very dull, owing to the redundance of adjectives. A great deal of the writing in these communica tions may be called invertebrate, without back bone, having no tangible subject, uninteresting as tslk for talk's sake. This is a characteristic of the writing of mediums. The incongruity of the sameness of style fa, however, ably apologised for by Judge Edmonds, who states that although at titiwn, wheti the influence is strong, the very words are givehj generally only the ideas and impres sions of scenes in the Spirit World are impressed on the mind, and the worda have to be supplied by the modium. I must resist the temptation of allowing myself to run away into discussing tho thousand interest ing subjects in. these two volumes of six hundred pages each which could not be touched upon in a short newspaper notice, and enter at once into a description of the revelations of the Spirit World, disclosed in this work, and which are the real tangible fesnltD, and all people will care to read about. 1 onde v>eiit to a circle where a lot of spirits were invoked, and they were successively asked what their names were, their occupation, and place of habitation while on earth, &c;, but nothing was asked about the world they were in. In fact when I asked the question, I was rebuked, I left thst oircle. I could not make out what pos sible good it would do me to know that Bill Smith was 8 nailmaker at Binnirigffom, or Chin Loh Sek a tea merchant at Foo-chow-foo yeftra ago. Judge Edmonds fully recognises the object which com munication with the other world should have, and ere entering into the descriptions of the other world in the volumes before me, I will give an extract from his introduction In a very early stage of my Investigations * * the question occurred, to what end is it ?-what purpose is there in view ? and what beneficial object can be attained by It P Tho answer readily suggested itself that if it (Spiritism) bo true, that they (the spirits) can thus commune with us, they must be able to discloso Jo' uo something at least of the state of existence into which they had been, and we were to be ushered. * * My d:;ty seemed to be plain, and that was to ascertain-iit>t to take it for granted-but inquire and ascertain if possible, whether such further knowledge might not come. The result of that inquiry we are now in part giving to the world." D. C. SPENCER-STREET GOODS SHe&S.-We; learn from the Age that the contract (or the new goods aheds at tho Spencer-street terminus having been accepted, and the preliminaries concluded, the undertaking will at once be taken in hand by the contractor, the site having been cleared ready for him to commence operations. When finished the store will be the finest one of the kind in the colony SfriMTim AND TIIE WAR.-It isctatod by the Age that the following item of spirit intelligence has been received by u well known spiritist in Molbohrnejaiid purports to be from no less a cele brity than iT^pdleon the First. The communi cation, which is written In a bold style in pencil, runs:-"The war is over, and peaCe ban been established. The peace is not a lasting one ; it Is but a truce-a prelude to a more decisive and bloody war." With unpardonable remissness, tho Imperial spirit has not dated his communication. We are therefore left to conjecture when the event occurred, or how the end of the contest was brought aodui. THE SrDNsr INTERCOLONIAL EXHIBITION. The Exhibition finally closed on Friday night last. Throughout the day, the 5. 31. Herald reports, the attendance of visitors was numerous. In the evening the building was thronged, and it ivas impossible to make progress along the centre walk, ao densely wero the people packed. His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, accompanied by Commodore Stirling, Lieutenant Haig, atld the Hon W. B. Dalley, arrived at the Exhibition shortly after ten o'clock- The Prince dii hia irriyal was warmly cheered by the crowd in the building. Wlieri tho cheering subsided the National Anthem was sung by the vocalists who were taking part in the concert then being given. The Prince's stay was brief, and he left by the northern entrance. The Galatea's band entertained visitors during the evening,in addition to the German band. Shortly before twelve o'clock the whole of the vocalists ascended the platform, and a verse of the National Anthem waS siiiig, irlany persons in the audience joiuingin the chorus. Thus closed the Intercolonial Exhibition of 1870, which is.generally asknow as the finest of its kind held on this side of the world, and successful beyond the anticipations of its niost dangliiiie promoters. It is known that nearly half the people of the Colony have visited the building. TUB WAB AnD TELEGRAPHY.-The European Mail Bays-"It is possible that the outbreak of war will materially increase tho revenue derived by the Chancellor of the Exchequer from the telegraphs. The number of telegraphic messages passing throhgh the central station in Telegraph street, the other day, was nearly 19,500, or 4,500 above the usual daily average." 