OPENING OF TH (ECOUMENICAL COUNCIL. The (Eonmenieal Council was opened on Decemnber 8\. Amid the ringing of the bells of all the ecolesies tical edifices 4n the city and salvoes of artillery frbm the Castle of Sai- Angelo and Mount Aventine, the prceaion forined in the Upper Atrium of the Vatican, descended the Scala nRegia, and passed through the Lower atriuminto thecathedral. Regular and aecular clergy were ranged on either side, and the procession consisted of six archbishop-princes, 49 cardinals, 11 patriarchs, 680 archbishops and bishops, 28 abbots, and 29 generals of religious orders. In all about 800 eccleaiastics preceded the Pope, who was carried into the cathedral in the gestatorial chair. His Holiness first knelt some time before the Sacra ment, and the assembly then took their places in the Council-hall in seven rows, After mass had been chanted by Cardinal Patrizi, the Archbishop of Iconium pronounced the inauguial discourse. The Pope, who appeared to be in the enjoyment of excel lent health, then gave his benediotion, the ceremony being carried out in exact accordance with the State programme. The tribunes of the Councilhball were occupied by the sovereigns and princes present in Rome, the members of the diplomatic body, Generale Dumont -and Kander, and the Roman and foreign nobility. The Council-hall presented a most splendid and imposing appearance. After giving the benedie tion the Pope received the homage of the members of. the Council. The appointed prayers followed, and. the Pope three times invoked the 'aid of the Holy Ghost for the Council, a hymn to the Holy Ghost being sang by .the choristers. Persons not members of'the assembly then quitted the hall. The:prelates approved the decree opening- the Counail, the Te Daeu followed, and the. ceremony terminated. The EIpresa of Austria was present in the gallery set apart s for miga sovereigns. -Tihe weather was very bad. On Det. 9 the- Pope read to the members assembled a short homily, in which he said thatit tid given him great pleasure to inaugurateothe Council on the appointed day, and to see the bishops assembled in greater anumbers than etar. They. had come to teach all hien ?the -voice of God, and to judge with the Pope under the auspices'of the Holy Spirit on the errors of human ecience. The Church was stronger than Heavea itself; and now was the time to consider what remedies were eficacious against the present evils. The bishops should strive with him to secure peacefulnese in the monasteries, order in the Church, and discipline among-the:clergy. In :onelusion,'le invoked the Holy Spirit; the. Virgin, and the Holy Angels.. The fourth sitting of the General.Congregan tion was to be held on December 28. After the election of the committee appointed to consider the questions relating to religious orders, the assembly will probably enter upon the disouesion of certain proposals regarding dogmas of faith. Duelling is among the subjects announced for discussion by the (Ecumenical Council. The debate will be opened by the Bishop of Privas. Among other matters of speculation connected with the Roman Catholic Council, it has become a question, notmerely what these reverend seigniors will say (if they are to say anything), but.how they will say it. Ltih, of course, is supposed to bb the.:oficiol tongue, but at a little rehearsal held the other day they came to signal grief at once on the question of. concocting the address to ,his Holiness in .answer-lore arlamenticeo--to his speech from the chair, for it was found that all the Latin available -did not eaffie for a common con neroation '.A few . American bishops proposed to substitute French, and things went on smoothly for a few:minutes in the tongue of the Gallioans, when the Bishop of. BReggio protested againet the profanation. Matters of the Church couldoohlybe treated in Latin, he said, theVulgates being written in that holy tongue, and some one evensuggsted Christ and the Apoatles as having spoken that-tongue. - And',so. the Latin debate was resnmed by-thoe ew who-had ;intered the language to'?a peakalbed : eg:r . :, - _ - The T Tiees' eotreepondent gives us, in the following description, an admirable idea of the varied character istios of the crowd attending on the proceedinges "Of course London, with its threomillions,canget upa larger multitudeofmen,n ageodymanyoeasions; but it.could not be anything like so alange,'so motley, so pintureeque, and s .esurprieing. :Imagine -all the lmreain alb the :pituree of humrhes. , ounties, cities, villages, by all the Italian ad all the Dutch artists, walking out.of their frames, just as they.are, and you have the crowd in whith I hare been wandering like a moto ir a sunbeam. I am living incompany with Raphael, Titian,. Paul Veronese, and alto Ten;ers; for I have never seen more beautiful dresses, never more quaint, never more savage and uncouth." Deseribing'the servioe, he says:-"-Strange as it may seem to Rnglieb Protestant ears, the service was incessantly going on as all the altars in the church; congregations were assembled at them, bells were ring ing, and responses chanted, and every now and then there was a procession, with bell and candle, from one part of the church to another. In the very midst of the sightseers, oocupying.everywhere the most com manding pbsitions, -erom the slightest to . the most dangerous oloration;priests were celebrating nase, a. if they were alone in the vest solitudes of the old hasilicea lere. I, must add.that eovery ten minutes .he.wod of comdmand was given in no gentle.voiee to some body of soldiers, to clear an avenue, push.bank a crowd, or ,make some new combination. This they lad sometimes to do in. the feas of strong remon ti'ancee. Lower down, the nave I hear. the thieves warr plying. their trade with concerted Attempts at dis?rder. .. 