THE MARCH MAGAZINES. The Cor mill makes up a varied and sprightly numW, rather above than below the average ; although there is1 no sketch of men and things in Imperial France this month. The interest of Mr. Reade's story is well maintained. " Against Time,' however, will be more acceptable to the majority ot readers. Tliere is not mucn mcmum,, but enough pleasantness of style and shrewdness of observation to compensate for the lack of it; A paper on that fastidious recluse, Charles Kirk- patrick Sharpe, scholar, antiquary, aud amateur artist, is little but a rechauffe of the memoir pre fixed to his etchings. The literary cookery, how ever, is well done ; and readers may be thankful' for the opportunity of becoming acquainted with an otherwise inaccessible work. An essay on Da Bruyere wears tke .appearance of having been derived from Sainte-Beuve, which is as much as to ' say that it is elegant in style and replete with miuute information. " Shamrockiana" is concluded, and not before we are tired of its mannerism, which latter observation may be ex tended to the papers of the "Cynic," whose growls are this month directed against the news paper press. A writer on the " Man in the Iron Mask" advocates the solution of the mystery recently propounded by M. Marius Topiu, with out seeming to be aware that it was advanced more than forty years ago by Lord Dover, and has been generally received ever since. Accord ing to this hypothesis, the captive was the secretary of the Duke of Mantua, named Mat- thioli. " After Many Days," a poem by Philip Bourke Marstou, is in the spirit of the sonnets which have already appeared under this signature, and is even more exquisite in diction, versification, and the powerful, yet chastened, expression of deep and tender melancholy. It is characteristic of Macmillctn that three of the most important papers should be lectures. Mr. Freeman's lecture on the origin of the English nation is interesting, of course ; Professor Seeley's inaugural discourse at Cambridge is important as an indication of the spirit in which the duties of a post of national importance are likely to be discharged by him ; but the chief importance attaches to the Solicitor-General's address on freedom of opinion in the Church — not so much, perhaps, on account of any novelty in the views themselves, as from the pro bability that the speaker will : one day be in a position to give them practical effect. The gist of them is conveyed in a sen tence : — "If the Church remains' established, it will remain so by the sacrifice of its present tests." A somewhat extensive secession is con templated and accepted as a probable result of the sacrifice in question. Another paper, which derives much importance from the position of the writer, is one on the Alabama claims, by General Badeau, who, if any men, may be supposed to speak the mind of General Grant. The friendly and conciliatory tone of liis observations will be duly appreciated, while at tbe sam? time we ' can not help observing that there is something either of sophistry or misapprehension in his remarks on Senator Sumner's speech. Mr. Sumner's pretensions were not considered ridiculous in England in so far as they extended to damage actually wrought by the Alabama, but because they set up a preposterous claim to compensation for the entire injury occasioned to American com merce by the war. Among other interesting papers, we may particularly mention Mr. Farrar's observations on " Learning to Read," and an account of Easter Island. The best paper in the Contemporary Review is by the Rev. N. G. Batt, who has found an inte resting subject in the corruptions of Christianity through the contact of Paganism, and has illus trated it with much curious erudition. Dr. Simon explains to the Germans that their most recent metaphysics are borrowed from Bishop Berkeley, aud enumerates thirty-six particulars in which their philosophical historians have misunderstood the said bishop. Eraser — always a magazine of the first class — has impi'oved still further since the completion of Mr. Fronde's history has left him at leisure to devote his principal attention to it. ! The present number has no less than five articles of unusual interest. The first, by the editor himself, is a disquisition on the reciprocal duties of " State and Subject," with especial reference to English affairs. It is deeply coloured by the influence of Mr. Carlyle ; and, like most productions of its school, combines fitful gleams of deep insight with a ten dency to contemplate things on the imaginative side. Professor Tyndall's lecture on "Dust and Disease" has already become public property through the Press. Mr. Leslie1 Stephen's paper on the " Broad Church " will probably attract much attention. He is of opinion that the Broad Church is not broad enough ; and many of his observations and admissions, coming from so friendly a quarter, must be regarded as damaging. It is a pity that AlC DUUUiU UC U> BLlttilgCl bU LUtf BUUdltlg liillUtJUCcS of a benefice. A writer on Faraday has per formed, with eminent tact and modesty, the real service of analysing and digesting Dr. Beuce Jones' cumbrous volumes. Mrs. Manning's "Ancient and Mediaeval India" does not require such a distillation ; yet Miss Cobbc's abstract of its contents will be found interesting aud service able by those who have not time to read the original work. There are also good papers on convents, the ballot in the United States, and university education in Ireland; and a pretty poem by Mr. Allingham. Blackwood lias for once no political article, nor, indeed, anything of much mark except an excellent paper on Miss Austen and Miss Mit- ford, and the two novels, which are as masterly as usual. The general quiet of each is this month relieved by a scene of excitement — a fire in " John," a duel in " Earl's Dene." The latter also touches the springs of pathos more deeply than hitherto in the character and misfortunes of the old French teacher. The Fortnightly commences with an article on the posthumous remains of Heine, by the Hon. Robert Lytton. Mr. Lytton's remarks on the poetical character of Heine are in general very correct ; but berates the particular book he is reviewing much too highly, aud his translations froin it, though as good as could be reasonably expected, are certainly not adequate. Mr. Free man's history of the Norman Conquest is favour ably reviewed by Mr. Cox, but a good deal of ex ception is taken to particular passages. Mr. Wyllie tries liard to demonstrate the mischievous character of Lord Mayo's policy in Afghanistan ; but, save for a few readers, he only beats the air. T? 18| .8|mP1Jr mpo8sible for the majority of the English public to arrive at any conclusion on the subject. Mr. Sydney Colvin's essay on Diirer is u neT au acuteness, our satisfaction in which may in some degree be qualified by his own excellent remark, that " the right way to treat a design like ' Melencblia' is to receive its imagina tive impression without striving after verbal oom- 9&ent; or preside interpretation," ! ; Temple Bar is very good this month.?" Red f as a Rose is She " is completed, but is withdrawn fromour criticism by the circumstance of publica tion having already taken place.1 ' ' The gem Of the ' n?m -1S '"J ®0g>" a stosy frbm tbe Russian 2 arJlleneff» raost racily translated ,by Mr. Wv; Ralstom It is a tale of the supernatural, and : most effective in this respect, but even more so ' iqr the strokes of sly humour and satire scattered through it— as, Tor instance, tlie parMduIaft-con- nected with the berth of the inspector !of Crown magazines. " The magazines themselves as yet; existed only in theory, and it. was not even quite clear what they were intended to. contain. But their construction had been riisolved upon as a' measure of public economy:" ' "The Danish National Character".- draws a favourable and probably accurate character of the Danes as an amiable, domestic, refined, but rather simple, jind slow people. Among the other contributions maybe mentioned "A Roman Story," an effec tive piece of melodrama ; and- " How We Took a - Farm," ', an amusing specimen ' of tbe farcical style. .. .. . : .. Besides its principal attraction, . "Austin Friars," Tinsley has two really excellent papers on curiously-related and curiously-contrasted sub jects, " The Uses of Science " ahd "The Uses of' Fiction." .The former shows how' apparently idle scientific investigations have led, to the most important practical results ; -the latter makes out an excellent case for fiction as an element in . education. "Oaly a Face" is a pretty little story ; and a description of Bournemouth is both attractive and .accurate. The . details of the Rugeley poisonings are served up again, in a paper which can serve no purpose but to injure the feelings and interests of living persons. Saint JPauVs is very readable. The best thing in it is Mr. Trollope's own tale, "The Spotted Dog;" but , Mrs. Olipbaut's story exhibits no falling off. Miss Austen's life and works are re viewed with somewhat less favour than usual ; nor does Mr. Gladstone's Irish Bill, though coldly commended, meet here with suck a welcome as it has usually received from the Liberal Press. The essay on Bishop Pkillpotts, and the review of Mr. Collins' classical abridgments, are very clear , and interesting. The Gentleman's Magazine contains a long blank-verse poem by the author of " Festus," entitled " The; Mystery of Life." It is a sonorous rhapsody, in which genuine poetic enthusiasm maintains a doubtful strife with tke.disad. vantages of involved style, impure diction, and defective versification. The most interesting of the iniscel- .laneous papers are " Fin-Bee's" observations on gastronomy, and the notice of "Ismael Fltzadam," the assumed name of John Macken, a once admired, but how forgotten contributor to the, albums and annuals of half a century since. The Britannia lias several smart papers on topics of social interest, and a really thrilling ghost-story. The interminable Major Blake is still at „ bis autobiography, which continues to amuse, in spite of its prolixity. One phrase strikes us as particularly neat : — " I becamte superficially enamoured of Miss Pendleton." — Illustrated London News. 