OUR NEGLECTED TREES. THE following interesting translation from a French work on Australian trees, was laid on the table of for last meet- ing of the Brisbane Acclimatisation Society ; and (says the Queenslander) shows the keen interest now developed amongst the French savans respecting the merits of our too often despised gum trees, which appear to be highly thought of in Algeria, for their shade and timber produc- ing qualities, besides the ameliorating influences they exercise upon the climate. It is said that there is nothing new under the sun, but perhaps some of the information contained therein may be new to our traders? :— " The Eucalyptus, natives of Australia, are trees which attain for the most part extrordinary circumference and height. We cannot say too much in praise of the intro- duction of these magnificent trees, which, without doubt, at some future time will render immense service for re- wooding of those countries in the centre of Europe and Algeria decimated for so long a time to so serious extent by constant fires. Moreover, they unite utility and pleasant- ness. "According to Dr. F. von Mueller, director of the Botanical Gardens, of Melbourne, the varieties of Eucalyp- tus are numerous and varied, but none present such advant- ages, or such facilities for cultivation, as the Eucalyptus globulus. "Of regular appearance, this tree possesses a stem per- fecty straight and thin; the bark peels of like the plane? tree; the stem is garnished in all its youth from top to bottom with branches; elegantly inclining downwards ; its foliage is thick, fragrant, and of a sea-green colour. It offers one peculiarity; during its youth the leaves are opposite, Sessile, and in developing acquire long stalks, become alter- nate, and obliquely or vertically, like the branches of the weeping willow. The flowers are white, small, and produce a capsular fruit about the size of a large filbert, en- closing a certain quality of small black seeds, more or less fertile. .- - "This tree,-whii:a bulong), to tliyiiiyrtJii'liuuiW, wus-tli . hovered in \TJ¿,ia Vint.-Uicifion'* l*w\, l»y I.*i>ilLii*dicr \- It hos received from this botanist th'i.nnmoof- Kurtlyntus .xUbulaa, bcomw of t)u* fun» of tho flomi buds enytrml by : their opcreuluni. .lt in commonly known by thu i .lvkcn by Jtaniy, uithoujili previously to .that wt. have rt- - -.Marked th« Eucalyptus in thu coil »or vaforics pf Mrviamo ,. J^oruuló/atltoaiucncOürt.ncar Vrrfaiillei. , ..iVTbe tjualirics pf [Ju* ,JÎuçtdyplii*.;nre vcrv important.; Tho .wood is dose, hurd, y«y «lld, and durable, iuii>;b.'in request hy shipbuilder*; hy; the .contractors..'of ii'oiritimc works, 'fur. making uubankmcntti, qun'yv jorrie*, kc. ; by railway .companies; to.ninko. dc?pon»"..'hy conch- Inu'hlcr*-, f or tho making of naves und felloes of wheel»; eyeñ, for .'; «ábinct work, as thoy liuvt; found uut how to give this wood ' M polïtch no as to bring uut tho beauly of.it« grain, j .. " Ho wo vcr, in «pite of thc dcnuity of it* wood,.{h¿ linen-. ' . lyptUA globulus grow* with tnirpriMiug rapidity. Iho fii-nt- 1 year of plurUutiun Üi<;y grow mn<:lo»u~tir LWcnty inches á Taonth, whcnTboy nrÓ phuited in n favourable ponticn..'1 'J'hoifgrwwth nuu'kvw«. during llu- swund jwr, bht their ? diameter incroaisc*,1 und thuy kwmo bushy -M tjie topl ¡ "With euch curpri^ig rapidity of (jruwth, it iwtjiiwy to ¡ buppú6C tliat in .ten years we um nbtnin fore*!* tpii^c wjtiid- i 'tolhc.v-ofouksaliundml vuiix ugo. Thin« hun been eut in Tunminu ft Eucalyptus' which tmmatuvl twvnVy-eîght 1 met rc « in circuniferrni-o ut its bci^c,'ind moro tluui «no him- , dred inrjrcH in height ; ' thoo L-JUUUIIKT* ure" nol'inmin new «ountri.Ä. Th« Hucalyptiw umy^Liliii.i.mùiiiiH M ¡ll mon coJrjiKil proportiun.4. Ur. Mueller speaks of one of those - ?gignntiu trw» whirh luul attained'm metres in height. . .- " AVhrtt! tbi: pW and the ground un-, Miijublc f hs' Eucn lyptuit tlotmlus grvWN nuiKuiliixiiUv. lt it to b>; rciiuo-ked tliat at ttio tl n¡vC1>, i J Exhibition of IS07, mi»mg thu pro- mo uni aiit f, where ttity npi'Mir !?> irv t>> nw«h tli. They .will, however, b*ir pmhmged drmghla, hut ?und penotnding ' scent without being-" diKigrccablc; thc* , aromatic em ai ult itu is which cwapv fr»»t it iieiitialj>o " tlrJctcrious miuMuus of tho nwrslu-s, luid it is to thin t: racter tbut they utlribtito the alienee of fever and iignn Anstntlia. wlà-mvcr thc Eucalyptus is fo.iud ginw : Abundantly. In any cuHi'.wheu thwc tn«s ultain a'<-cn dityoloumi-iit, tbr. Aickiieis of tlicir folift(?i iiiamUin huiui-Ijty of wil, which l/wus tho cxtwuno drync^i i>r '. »hintoor by u hwi^it mid u^recublc freshness. ? -. ¡ i ia cultivating them n thc grouuiU it is «t the risk of lo- ber, choked by weeds, or destroyed by thc ravages oT thun dcrsteruiRj.or mony ntlier laiuscp. .. ."Thc mo« favourable time for w win g thc liuculyptu in September or October. Tho young jilnnt», whítli only . take a few days to e-priug» Iiovc limo to enjoy- Ùie mild, to*" . jtxnilujc and uomiirc nnUldcnt strength to rvsi-tt tho eold -.vintcr. Transplanting for thc hiél tinte muy then tiiko placo toward« tho mouth of lobrunry or Mnn-h. Wlii-n un ' )mpcrtant plantation in roqiu'red, ir'in good to plough thc '. -ground bo/orehnnd; if thai is not pmctfeuble, it ulioiild be Lrckcu with a hoc ; afterwards tmec lines Ht regular dts lanccs of a metre, ond then plant ¿ho young lîuiulyptub ?about two moire*, npurt-cneh way. lt is wi-11 ut ihii tiioc lo moko hnrc.tliat tho rootji which are ulready woody luive not in, expanding twisted themselves round tho uitvrior of 1 tho po'tK, which injuree thc growth of' youn^ irf^s :md ' prevents thi-ui later from being strong ouuugh at (licii1 IWAC io jcsinthigh wind-*, part of tho rwolx fa»n betut »lt* with-iut fear at the point where thoy nave begun io bind, -it it "equally necessary to nutke KUro- before planting tli^ni that ihe bulla are not too dry-, and in this case «>nk them iu . water for poinii time in order,t« give them'u suitable d-'gioc .f huniiility. Thc planting done, the roots quickly sprcod ncriwraUlly on all «¡des. ' Watering at least once -a week ? will bc nercMary,' oupecînlly duringtho first period of vu^o ; talion, and.until the treen have acquired milflcicnt vigour Jo enable them'to rcfist thc changes of teiuporuUu-r. "Tho liucolypti require'.to grow in ulumps: tims .jrown, they are of mutual nasistanatiu resisting thc winda, ¡ /hui thc expen- ic i-f purchasing prop* is avoided, which ' fruuld be inoispcriMtblc if tho plants were ton isolated. ?nnd a tenth part of them will ni ways bo found fnilurcM. Two or three years ¡iftor thc Erst sui>prex.don they will jiavc to underjró the opemtion a secoud tim.-, und tinnily a third at a Mill more distant period, and with thc Minc ixmditiow, and thc Eucalypti whicli remain will thut' have a-large cuomrh difluucc between them to enable thom to develop freely. .' " In ».hort, thc Euculyptus globulus is a tree the rúlUiro of which cannot bu too strongly recommended in view of Its ? jpxnt utility. "Very beautiful examples can bo seen.m the , -mountainous part of thc cstabliahmcnt- of liamma^ niuo in thc beautiful plantations of these trees which «tiTound Algiers, near Carree, thc rwîdeucc of M. Cordicr. anti at Rustics Dey, thc rcBidcncv. of 2>L Troltier, which nrc now -giving a very grest impulse lo thc cultura or this intcro*t ing and beautiful tree. Wc do not hesitate to say with M. ? Troltier, ' Thc wood of tho eucalyptus will bo tho greatest product of AIp»!ria.'" thc operations of professioiinl burglars :-" Thc at- tempted robben* of ilr. Attcnborough's establishment, at thc coriier of Criiuiccry-lane, is likely to still further 1 tlèmonsrnvte the nbility of j-rofessional thieves and the "perfection to - which their ' tools-instrument»--they themselves wotdd call them-liavc been brought. At 3klr. Attcnborough's there were iron shutters, nnd in- side these plate glas». A valuable1 article, of jewellery. "had bec» spotted by thc thieves-that is, they had ob- served mid made a 'note of its position among the win clow stock.. Tlicir rirst operation on going .'regularly to work wibi to drill a bole in thc abutters. Hie plntc gloBs-wns at a distance of Minc inches from thc shut-, : lera ; ' and the next proceeding would- have been . ¿rill a hole tlixougk the glass. This, would have boen . accomplished by mean*- of a diamond drill-*-:* drill in -the cutting parte of which glaziers' diamond* of:the ? heatquality arc inserted. The .valuable article on ? *wbich thc thieves hod set their eyes would have been . \- lookedout.by awírchcK)k;butíhey-i\'ereintOTruptcd and were not - able to fetum before their unfinished - -workrwa* discovered. This attempt would seem to show \- that theplan adopted by .Mr.-Walker and some other -dealers in gold articles nndjirecious. stones is the safer . .one. allude to.that of having no. shutters, but .' jBÚhstituting for ihem iron railings outside thc pla'te îjlass and strong lights inside; Persons too often lose sight of the fact that professional ' burglais conduct .< their, business riot-in a chance manner,:but with the; /utmost method. : Tliey never, think of breaking into .?any house without having previouslymndc 'th'cmscTyca -thoroughly .acquainted with all the .'internal arran'fte \- Men VB. A, case recently/canac to. my knowledge, in ;.-which a burglar had planned a robbery of je*ft*els from a., gentleman's house. In one-bf thc rooms of thb liôyeé A . light wo* alwnyakept burning, at .night. , The .burglar'' bad ascertained that tliis was;oiily a blind.. . i had been tdlA that he.need not:mind the light, Í \- aid ojot-shów. ,that any person, was : up. . It ap bap-j peacdihat thc.night on which ho. went to. Commit the ' ? burglary and rolibery. some -one-was' up, and in the" * roohi where,thc light*was" burning; but the burgln'i" ?wns too Avide awoke to commence busincsa till'he . ascortained«whether thoiobost was elenr.-'.He did ¿his .by fiijigäng ültaridfnlftf .sand.up ngainat thq window. . A head, moved jtownnls tfic *trin'dow,'arid';tho' thief, decamped.instantly, Wien burÇlaw ore 'takcii..to' \- prison note books are -'-* .*-**"? ihciji, jn wbit9> A1"* ' pMt,;;(tránracÜOBS¡: bût * ^\')Letasf»which, have Win 'marked for plunder;* Jït ivicmarked tin thc metropolis, that entries mto uSvelling-hóuíCS hy means .of -latch-keys,- and; robbery of.iproperty from! places ' 'which.'could ; not he! known to per^ons-who had: not m^vcd'inioriñótioh from inside^ often .toTtd place, oftcri pointera and paperhangers.; are. employed in -those residences. : .Tho inferencer dniwn/rby the police is not, that thoseworkjnen'?eommit;the robbeneg* or . archil' league' with those, whó'.qommit'.fhem; but'thût ." thc- latter successfully ^pjjinp" ' 'the Syorkrarn; 'and" .íhüs the'latterVu.nknowÄ fo^cra6'blves,-we'mMe use of' hy. burglars 'and' thicVcs, Maid-servants; also oro vcry ftê .. ANGLOMANIA.-"OùT 'UVeiy -neighbours *'¡ nt Paris ?arc really becoming such' Anglomaniaca that wc ouite .expect to hcnr. of Jhein; endeavouring shortly to. jm .port ilxmdbn logs|.to;tho banJcs;of the'Seine,j nnd.to. rcplaco M.- Chevreau _by, ¡Sir ?ohn Thwaites! Not content .willi introducing, horse; racing and 'pigeon 'shooting into Prance, ;il}ey'hKve lately op cued a rat 'killiuK establishment In the Champs Elysees,' where' mr:.Uê-pëtitï e/ei^iuVennbled tb s<* ratá sloin with thc .greatest skill and rapidity .by small ¡ "bottle ttrrijtn.'*- * A's. usual, ? ¿be? lmvc'improvcAl- on English ' idenVrh Paris) and the-pit-' in T\\*bich" ihc;unfortunate rat» arc put , to death Li "Btirroundod by mirrors so arrail¡icd that' thc victims arc enabled ito; sec the last ; of' .themselves. !"beforc;,;giving, up . -the ghost..1 On ? -Thursday, thy.'-,. PrinceImperial ; honoured; thc _ iiewly-opcncd "institution '.with a' .visit,', and ' expressed great '. delight' at thc exploits' pF a tniall Enghau, terrior'naiacâ'.Coquette, which.de- stroyed twenty-eight ruts'bi «minute. ' Hut, in. spite of tne'Imperial patronage, thc Société Protectrice des Atiininux -.attempted on- Saturday to ? stop, the ! much-1 ] ndinircd ? ratting sports; -Having" ? appealed to-thc MbtiMcr-oPJustice, thoy-wevc referred by-him to.the' Prefect .of Police, who! gravely Informed "the" deputa- tion that there wore n great luauy 'nùllions offrais in, -Paris, tlitit thc BRid ruts did. an immense deal of damage in the; sewers, &c.;,;ond ;thàf really ! killing, such îioxiotui (inimnls was o', very meritorious act. . And w¡Úi tilia ; answer tlic Société ^rótccbricc .;Wa¿" , obliged' to content itself.- As, however, all. thc rats ' used "for" the delight pf the. Parisian public are first ' caught in the sewers and. thence-'brought.iri traps to ' the fcîhamps Elynfeea tivawoit tlièir fát¿v it might have been- thought that-it' would -be-simpler. to have' 'luiotfkcd theni on tho head' at once-without the inter- vention of thc boute'tar riera.T-jL'alt Mall Gazette. 