INDIAN MURDERS ON THE UPPER MISSOURI. The Sioux City (Iowa) Times of September 15th has the following:—It is our unpleasant duty to again recount the sickening details of another Indian foray upon white men on the Upper Missouri, near Fort Burford, as related to us by an eye-witness and a partial participant. It is the usual custom for Indian traders to give the heads of the different tribes a feast each year. On the occasion to which we refer Mr. Larpenter, whose trading-poBu is at For Burford, had given a feast to a large number of Indians. After their repast they went to the officers' quarters at Fort Burford, and amused the latter with a war-dance. Of course every one in and about the fort was present to witness this novel and amusing performance little dreaming that while they were standing as spectators to witness the war-dance of a-lot -of quasi- peaceable savages, their -fiends only one and a half miles from the fort were being murdered. It appears that four wood-choppers named Peter S. Dugan, whose parents reside in Butler county, Pennsylvania, James H. McLain, from some part of Illinois, J. Unroldie, an Italian, and an-old, plainsman named Adam Jones, went out in the morning to cut wood about one mile'from the fort. About noon and before the v wood-choppers were able to give the alarm, they were surrounded by about seventy-five Indian warriors belonging to (h Honca Papa tribe. The Indians immediately commenced an attack on the email body of white men. The latter being well Brined, fought back with heroism. For one hour the unequal contest raged, at the end of which time four white white men wore killed, but not before they had killed ten and dangeroufly wounded thirteen more of their enemies. . After the Indians had, killed-the rfour white unen, they PfJ^eWN* to take theijvecalps., Previous to this, M£ J. W. Cooper, hearing shots, and suspecting , that Everything was not right, .gotoains." borse and rode in the direction from whence the sound of the shooting proceeded. Ashe came In sight of the Indians they started for the Missouri Biver. Mr. C. learning the condition of affairs, returned immediately the fort, and gave the alarm. A large number of-citizens and soldiers went in pursuit but before they rsacbed the battle ground the Indians had scalped the four white men, and were in the act of carrying off their own dead. The white men giving pursuit, the Indians made a bee-line for the Missouri Biver. They succeeded in reaching the opposite bank, and gaining protection from the underbrush on its bank before their white ursuers came within rifle range. Ten fndians were killed outright, and thirteen wounded. The latter made their escape. The bodies of the ten dead Indians were fastened to the horses of the soldiers and •citizens and dragged to Fort Burfo'rd where they were cut up and quartered. It -would appear that the four white men fought until they were each one killed; When they wore found they were clustered together, some of them having fired from fifty to seventy rounds of- cartridges. Our informant states that a part of the same band of Indians on the same day, and about the same time, attacked a train belonging to Captain Payne. There were about thirtyfive men in Captain Payne's party. He had one man wounded and one horse stolen. ~jidian traders express fears of a general n outbreak. They say that the Indiiever showed as much hostility as they 'the present time, and,everything indiau Indian war. :sh as Food toe Hens.—Almost S writer on poultry, says a corresponsof an American contemporary, recom- J.6 the use of flesh as an article of food Wis. It is said to make them lay, and jere is anything in the fact that hens ire a very large amount of nitrogen for Manufacture of eggs, and that flesh is Ri&rly; rich in nitrogen, there ought to tme ground for the popular belief. For hives we have been in the habit of using freely as an article of food for fowls. ?Jways cook it, and have never fonnd bad effects from it. The other day, ver, we were assured by a gentleman ;!s very successful with his fowls that • tends to make them broody. Have ;f our readers even observed this effect fult from giving flesh to fowls ? If this isition is well founded, then it will be larv to abandon the use of flesh duiing ,)ring and summer months. During ,>id winter, ho-vever, there can be in on to giving fowls liberal supplies of If we do not give fowls fle-h, they : to have such grains as are peculiarly i nitrogen., Perhaps the cheapest mo us foed is wheat screenings or Bran ^contains 14 per <wnt. of nitroj matter; wheat, 13 per cent.; millet, ;r cen.; buckwheat, 9 per cent - ; corn, per cent Aji excellent article of food is prepared by making a thin mush or grual of corn or buckwheat flour and thickening it with'wheat bran. Fowls eat it greedily, and thrive on it. The most nutritious of nil grains is the lupine, which contains 34 per <•6 it. of nlbuinenoids. Has anyone ever cultivated them or tried them as food for fowls ? We propose to try them on a small scale this season,—Irish Farmer's Gazette. Editorship.—Speaking of editors, Caption Marryat most truly said :—" 1 know a periodical will wear down one's existence. In itself it appears nothing; it is the continual attention it requires. Tour life becomes, as it were, wrapped up in it. One publication is no floraer corrected and printed, than on comcs another. It is the stone of Sisyphus, an endless repetition of toil and weight upon the intellect and spirits, demanding all your exertions and compelling you to the severest drudgery. To write occasionally for a paper is very well, but to edit one is to condemn yourself to oppressive slavery."—To this might be added the task of pleasing everybodynever giving an unpleasant opinion ; being able to answer whatever auy of your correspondents might ask whether it related to the atmosphere of the moon, or how to restore decayed photographs. While an editor is everbody's slave, nobody thinks he has anything to do but read their letters, and too often answer them at his own outlay of poBtage. Shocking case op Htdeophobia.—A Philadelphia paper tells the following horrible story:—Georgma M'Credv, a girl aged twelve years, was bitten by a dog afflicted with rabies, on the 12 th of Jnly last. Two or three days ago the symptoms of this horrible distemper began to show themselves in their most apalling forms, and the girl was immediately subject to terrible convulsions and spasmB. From their commencement each successive convulsion was more soocking than its predecessor, until the poor child was lingering in agonies the most awful of which the mind can conceive. Her screams were heartrending, and the parents were almost distracted with this horrible visitation upon their child. These horrors culminated fast, until the tortures had became so frightful that the parents, acting, as we learn upon the advice of others, administered poison to their daughter to put an end to her sufferings, from which ehe was soonreleased after, the drug was administered. The San Francisco " News Letter" gives the following in reply to a correspondent :— " Young Mother.—Yeur little poem upon " Baby" is a gem, and we regret that we have not space for so exquisite a tit-bit. If you have -a fault it is the - trifling one, common to all young writers, of sacrificing melody to bard sense. The third stanza is a striking instance— ' Doxery doodle-um dinkle-urn dum, Turn to its mozzery muzzery mum; Tizzery izzery boozery boo, No baby so sweet and so pitty as oo.' " Ccfit said he would rather die in a railroad smash-up than a steam-boat bust-up, for this reason: " If you gets off and smashed up, dar y«u is! but if you gets blowed up on de boat, whar is you ?" much iSt a story: ,of a pian^D tried to frighten his Mend by -encountering !hi|n ^-midnight"in a lonely spot which, was supposed to be the resort of a ghostly vifjitant. " Ho took his seat on the hauled BtoUe. wrapped in a long white sheet. Preflently to hie horror, the real ghost appeared and sot <lown beside him with the opiinous ejaculation, "Youare a ghoBtaud i ama gUost: let us' come closer and closer together." And closer and closer the ghost pressed, till the sham ghost overcome with terroiy fainted away. This, we fear, is the. fate which awaits the Ritual imitators of the of the Church of Rome. That mighty ghost _" The ghost of the deceased Roman empire''—the ghost of the dead Middle Ageswill. press closer and closer to our poor dressed-up ghost till the greater absorbs the lesser, or deprives it, by mere juxtaposi- tion, of any true spiritual life.— Cdeious Wtti.—The following singular will was made by a miser in Ireland:—" I give^and, bequeath to my sister-in-law, Mary Dennee, four old worsted stockings, which she will find underneath my bed; to my nephew, Charles Macarmey, two other pair of siJbckings.iying in the box where I keep my linen ; to Lieutenant Johnson, of his Majesty's 5th Regiment of Foot, my only pair of white cotton stockings, and my old scarlet great coat; and to Hannah Burke my housekeeper, in return for her long and faithful services, my cracked eaarthen pitcher." Hannah, in high wrath, told the otlier legatees thatsh$ resigned her valuable share of the property'and then retired. In an equal rage Charles kicked down the pitcher, and, as it broke, a multitude of guinies burst out and rolled along the floor. Thisjfortunate discovery induced those present to examine the stockings, which, to their great j iy, were crammed with money. Utimsingthe Old Man.—An occasional correspondent of ours, meeting a party of American settlers the other day in Texas inquired from the conductor what the men in the first waggon were intended for. " To clear jhe forests." " Well," said he, " and what fere those in the second for ?" " To build*the huts," was the reply. "And that old white-headed man in the third waggon-"-what is he for f" was the next question asked ; to which the reply was given, " 0 ! that's my father ; we shall open our n.w csmatery^with him!" Our correspondent did not inquire further. A lady was taken before a magistrate at Cinciuaati charged with appearing in male attire, but the case was dismissed as there was no law applicable to it. A Cincinnati paper declares that " men have to riso now before their wives to wear their Sunday clothes, and they have no assurance when they uudress at night that tfcey will ever see their unmentionables again.' New Ohleans relates a case of absentmindedness. A gentleman, writing a letter at the breakfast table, dipped bis pen in tl»e coffee, -and continued his letter- Noticing his mistake, he put a large lump of sugar in tlie'.4ali, and then, fiuding his second blunder, poured the contents of the inkstand into the coffee cup, to set it right. "Biddy," said a lady to her servant,"" I wish you would step over and 6ee how old Mrs. Jones is this morning" In a few minutes Biddy returned with the information that Mrs. Joues was just 72 veai s seven months, aud two days old. At areeeut church collection for missions, in America, the preacher feelingly said,"My good brethren, let me caution thoRe of you who put iu buttons not to break off the eye. It sp. ils then for use." Edinburgh Review. —Cornell's Magizine. 