CHARLES DICKENS AND MARK LEMON. Dickens, Charles, the son of Mr. John Dickens, who held a position in the Navy Pay Department, was born at Portsmouth, in 1812. At the close of the war his father retired on a pension, and came to London as Parliamentary reporter for one of the daily papers. Charles, who was placed as a clerk in an attorney's office, was induced by a strong literary bias to obtain an engagement as a reporter on the staff of the Morning Chronicle, then in the zenith of its fame, under Mr. John Black The editor, noticing his readiness and versatility, gave him an opportunity for the display of his abilities by inserting iu his journal those " Sketches of English Life and Character," which were reprinted in a collective form, under the title of « Sketches by Bo*," in 1836-7. About the game time he wrote a comic opera, entitled " The Village Coquettes." This graphic power of describing the ordinary scenes of common life, more especially in a ludicrous aspect, did not escape the notice of Messrs Chapman and Hall, who requested " Boz" to write for them a story as a serial in monthly parts, and the result was the publication of the " Posthumous Memoirs of the Pickwick Club." The subject was treated in a manner at once so easy and natural, and with such a flow of genuine humor, that the author found himself raised, almost at a single step, to the highest rank among living novelists. Illustrated at first by the pencil of Seymour, and, after his death, by that ot Hablot K. Browne (Phis), the " Pickwick Papers" had an enormous sale, and the name of the author was announced in 1838. The great success of " Pickwick" naturally caused Mr. Dickens to receive a variety of offers from London publishers ; and brought about his connection with Mr. Bentley, who engaged his services as editor of his Miscellany in the second number of which, for February, 1837, appeared the first instalment of "Oliver Twist." This story, which was published in three volumes at the close of 1838, lets the reader into some of the se-.rets of life, as it was too frequently found in the parish-union workhouses, and in the dark haunts of, thievery and villainy which form so dark a blot upon London and the larger cities in the provinces. Admiralty illustrated by the pen«il of George Cruikshank, " Oliver Twist" at oace became a favorite, and is still regarded as one of the author's happiest productions. " Nicholas Nickleby," which appeared in shilling numbers, uniform with " Pickwick," shortly after the completion of that work, was written to expose in detail the cruelties which were then and are still, it is to be feared practised upon orphans and other negleeced children of the middle classes at cheap schools, especially in some of the northern counties. Mr. Dickens states in the preface that these disclosures resulted.from a visit of inspection paid by himself to a school of the " Dotheboys" class in the wolds of Yorkshire. In 1840 Mr. Dickens undertook the production of a story, or rather of a eerie^of stories, in weekly numbers. It w3s ; t 'entitled "Master Humphrey's Clock/' and included, amongst other tales, those since republished in a separate form, under the names of " The Old Curiosity Shop," containing the episode of 11 Little Nell," so remarkable for its pathos and simplicity; and of "Barnaby Rudge," a tale illustrative of the senseless riots connected with the name of Lord George Gordon, in 1870. About the time of the publication of " Master Humphrey's Clock," appeared his " Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi," thecelebrated clown, almost the only production of Mr. Dickens' pen which deals with the plain prose of facts. Soon after the completion of " Master Humphrey's Clock," Mr. Charles Dickens sailed for the United States, for the purpose of preparing himself for the publication of a work upon men and manners in the New World. Having visited a great part of the country, and accumulated a store of materials, ou his return to England, in 1842, he published " American Notes for General Circulation." Many of the author's statements were controverted by our Yankee cousins, and the book provoked a reply, under the facetious title of " Change for American Notes." In 1844 " Martin Chuzzelwit" appeared in numbers and in the summer of that year Mr. Dickeus visited Italy, and many of the results of his observations were afterwards published in the Daily News. Returning to England in the year 1845, he suggested the foundation of a cheap daily newspaper, to advocate the spread of Liberal politics, and secular education at home, and shi>w itself the sworn enemy of despotic and arbitrary power abroad. Having organized a large literary staff, and surrounded himself with some of the leading writers of the day, he commenced the Daily News. January 1, 1846, acting as the editor, and contributing to its columns his sketches Irom the south of Europe, under the attractive title of " Pictures of Italy," which were afterwards produced in a collective form. Mr. Dickens soon withdrew from his editorial post, and resumed his humorous serial publications. He wrote some stories of a more 6trictly imaginative cast, called " Christmas Books," of which the first, " A Christmas Carol," was published in 1843 ; the second, " The Chimes," in 1845; the third, "The Cricket on the hearth," in 1846; the fourth, " The Battle of Life,' ; in 1846; and the fifth, " The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain," in 1848. In addition to the above, Mr. Dickens has written " Dombey and Son." published in 1847-8; "The History of David Copper field," in 1849-50 ; " Bleak House," in 1853 ; " Little Don-it," in 1856; and " A Tale of Two Cities," "The Uncommercial Traveller," and " Great Expectations ;" the last having been reprinted from All the Tear Round. In 1820 Mr. C. Dickens started Household Words, a cheap weekly literary miscellany, which he conducted for some years; but dispute having arisen between him and his publishers, he brought it to a conclusion in 1859, and established in its place another, similar in plan and form, entitled All the Year Round, which he still conducts. The first number of a new illustrated serial story from Mr. Dickens' pen, entitled " Our Mutual Friend," appeared in May, 1564. Mr. Dickens has a high reputation, as an amateur actor, is one of the founders of Guild of Literature and Art, and has been an active promoter of , the Royal Literary Fund. Lemon, Mark, editor of Punch, born in London, November 30, 1809, was for some years a writer for the stage, and as a member of the Guild of Literature and Art occasionally donned the sock and buskin. He was one of the knot of authors who established Punch in 1841; from the first acted as jointeditor, and on the secession of Mr. Henry Mayhew succeeded to the chief post, which he has since retained. He is the author of upwards of sixty dramatic pieces, and of numerous articles in Household Words, the Illustrated News, and other publications. He has written "The Enchanted Doll,", a fairytale, published in 1849; "A Christmas- Hamper, prose and verse, a ' collection of stories," in 1850; "Wait for the End," in 1863; " Legends of Number Nip," and " Loved at Last," in 1864 ; " Falkner Lyle; Story of Two Wives,"- and " Leightou Hall> and other. Tales," in 1866. He has edited a j collection, of jests, and written about a hundred; songs. - , 