and los costs. AGRICULTURAL SHOW. JUDGES AND STEWARDS. Grain—Messrs Walter Duncan, Dodds, and W. Giant, (Millbank) judges. Stewards, Messrs A. Grant and J. Patterson. Fruit, Poultry, &c.;—Messrs Bowser, TV. Anderson, and Tyson, judges. Stewards—Messrs P. Grant and C Oummings. THE annual exhibition of grain, fruit, poultry, and dairy produce, for the united districts of Bacchus Marsh, Italian, and Pentland Hills, took place on Wednesday last. We regret to assert that it was not a success, indeed it was nearh 7 a failure, At the hour appointed for closing the gates there were about two dozen people in attendance. The exhibits were superior, but few and far between. Wheat and English barley were represented by about ten bags of each, no oats, one bag of Cape barley, and a few Lags of rye and prarie grass seeds. Three dishes, of "icsh butter and one keg of salt, with • v: r .lozen of hen eggs, and a solitary ••I : oi bacon, occupied a side bench. : "_, ee years ago any well-to-do farmer this district could have furnished the whole of the above exhibits. There •vers superior fowls and fruit, with a few good specimens of maize and tobacco. Potatoes and onions also were of fair quality, but nothing compared to the iz.iiibit8 of former years. The first pri^e barley was grown by Mr. George Pringle at the head of the Korkuperrimul creek, near Mount Blackwood ; it was a good sample, very carefully prepared. The second was also good, grown by Mr. Timothy Connell, Crow's Flat, Bacchus Marsh ; the third prize was also grown here, by R. Grant and Sons. Mr. John ) Myers, of Pentland Hills took first prize for wheat, a splendid sample. It realised 7s per bushel by auction after the show. Tho grass seeds of" Messrs Anderson and A. Grant wore remarkably good, as also was Mr. Simon's prarie grass seed. Ifr. Cuthbertsun's fuwls commanded universal admirutijn, though there were others exhibited owned by Messrs Symonds, Bower, and Watson, which wore really worthy of prizes. Tho apples and pears shewn by R. Grant and Sons were iarge and choice cf their kind : the latter were veiy large. As to grapes they were plentiful aud good ; the only exhibitor were Messrs Clifford aud Simon, the prize b'; ing bestowed HmV^ the former ibr geaeral excellence, though the decision was ii'MHU'-ned by persons who professed to akuowieuge of wine making. The grapes were a credit t) the t\v.< growers. Mr. T. Anders* m'a tubaeuo elicited many encomiums from lovers il the fragrant weed, and Mr. L. Clifford's extra exhibits of maize, pumpkins, marrows, melons, tomatneb, &c.;, were praised according io their d' scrviugs, for they were a splendid collection—their excellence being due to a small sys'em of irrigation iuttvjdueed by die enterprising grow;-.r. The ijliowiiig are Die awards of the judges : — Wheat—1st, J. Myers ; 2nd, W. limes ; 3rd, H. Muikle. English Barley—1st, G. Pringlo ; 2nd, T. Connell ; 3rd, it. Grant and Sons. C.ipe Barley—Yv". Anderson, 2nd. Xo other exhiliitrd. live—1st, A. and L. Grant ; 2nd, W. Anderson. Grey Pfas—II. Johnson. White Peas—1). D. lJower. Flour—W. Anderson and Co: Potatoes—1st, (i. Bunny ; 2nd, M. Burke. Onions—W. Dawson. Perennial Kye-grass Seed—A. and L. Grant. Prarie Grass Seed—A. C. Simon. Best collection of Apples—It. Grant. 1'ipst collection of Pears—fi. Grant. Best collection of Grapes—L. CliiTjid.. Beit Bouquet of Flowers—Edward Jones. Best 4 plants of Tobacco-^T. Anderson. Froth Butter—1st, W. Duijjun ; 2ud, Miss Grant. SnltEuttpr—W. Buigan. Siuo oi Bacon—J. Gcr.van. trparif:!! ejek and lien—W. Watson. Game coca and hen—J. Cuthbertson. lJraho.a-piiOtra cock and pair of hens—J. CuThi;.'i-ijon. Co. t hta of any breed, except the above : •• vhhertson. :• • olJeetion of poultry—J. Cuthbertson. . . .y cool: and pair of hens—J. Cuthbertson J • -Ac aud pair of Ducks—J. Cuthbertson. "/.en her. eggs—J. Cuthbertson. -Hr. Tanner, of the Courthouse hotel, lit;-: a booth on the ground, aud supplied a first class lunch to the order of the stewards. The gentlemen entrusted with the invitations did not invite therepresentativ es of the Press to the luncheon—a small matter perhaps—in which respect they have no imitators in Victoria. The Society may now give up the ghost, but it is a pity it did not know how to fall with dignity. 