Towns and Villages of New South Wales. ' TRUNKEY. APTER a fow days' fino wcathor, I vontured on a tri] to the above place; but, taking tho advice of a friend I booked a scat in Phillip's well-known Bathurst coach driven by a steady, careful, and woll-known " whip" a tall aud strong son of Windsor-and tho toam ai fino as any in the colony. It was well that I did not ven ture in my buggy, or I should have como to grief a many points, for there aro lons; swamps, as well ai * short ones, and a Murdering Swamp, not inaptly named, for valuable time is murdered 'by travelling a a snail's paco over such wrotobod roads. Ii £500 woro properly laid out on tho mosl boggy places, including tho approaches to a creole, witi some stonos to bottom tho crossing, this road would be {>assablo, until it was known whether the diggings wore ikoly to become permanent or not ; but in an j case the roads should bo kept in decent ordor, if onlj to enablo tho farmers and their families to get neal their best market-Bathurst. If some of tho so-called legislators could but soe teams being dug out of bogs, tho cattle or horses whipped, beaten with sticks, and kicked by men who don't wear slippers ; harnean broken, chains snapped-and then listen to thc atmosphere being pollutod with the degraded and disgustingly obscene language directed to man's best friend.-"The brave, tho gallant, noblo horse" mothinks, thoughtless or soneelossaa a largo portion of our M.L.A's aro, that the first step in civilization good roads-would bo more attended to, and less expenditure of tho public funds in useless printing and otherwise. I am not going to infringe upon tho province of your Mining "Reporter, whoso approaching visit to this placo is looked for by many interested therein ; his geological and sciontiflc knowledge renders his reports too valu ablo for mo to intorfcio with. I, thoroforo, may bo excused noticing tho alnioBt-bubblo companies started chiefly to put money into the pockets of directors and managers, some of whom could not tell tho differ ence between gold and copper, or whito quartz and Î>yrites ! In short, one of theso scientific (?) mon lias md some twenty-fivo or moro tons of slato crushed at 12s 6d a ton, when there wa3 not a speck of gold tobo found in it. Wonderful management ; fino prospects for shareholders ! Your Mining Boporter will bb able to toll your readers of tho wonderful sagacity possessed by tho management or " board" of ono company in placing their oxpensivo crushing machinery on a spot where it is-quito useless, instead of a plnco whore tho stone (if found to bo good) could have boen rolled down to ? the machine ; and of another company, whoso manager lost moro gold than he collected, although he had somo of tho very best machinery that P. N. Russell or any other firm over made. He may tell you that directors and others whoso only interest is in selling the shares givon thom (by tho deod of incorporation) for the uso of their very doubtful (commercial) names, aro not tho mon who should bo entrusted with the funds of the general public, and that such men aro not of tho class ? who*have misfit! "Rallami tn ilia imnnvfcnnfc -nrwifinn. Trunkey is situated on the Goulburn-road, about fortj miles from Bathurst and eighty miles from Goulburn, passing many farms, some of thom evidently belonging to men who know a plough from a house, but not much more. Tho neglected homestead, or moro properly speaking, huts, with straw, corn, and hay lying about everywhere, children as dirty as their grunting com panions (tho pigs) ; the wholo forming such a picture of dirt and misery, that there can bo no wonder these people do not improve their position. The land is rich for many miles, and bolongs to- somo of tho few wealthy residents in and about Bathurst. Tho first soventeer miles of the road wants but little doing to it-a few boggy places repaired-and commands somo very pretty scenery ; then a steop and wretchedly ruggod nscont up Pine 'Bidge, a steop that might be avoided by a good road round it O23ons a view of plains and mountains for many milos. Tho prettily-situated town (or city) of Bathurst and suburbs, with' its buildings, river, and plains, comfortable-looking "seats" of the wealthy farmers, and fattening paddocks-tho wholo forming & picture of tho beautiful that man has aided Dame Naturo to make. Somo three miles more and you arrive at your first Btago, mùch to tho joy of tho team of four well-fed horses, and, if the braoing air has done you good, also to your own pleasure ; and as far ns my experience goos a four hours' run over plains and moun tains is pretty suro.to make on appetite too keen to inquire who is to join you at the table, the only requi site hoing oloan and wholesome food, and such tho travollcr is suro of at the respectable but homely inn kept by W. Boulton. Tho trip, so far, was occasionally enlivened by ono of tho team " looking ovor tho traces,' os is usual with somo fomalo " leaders." Our dinner being finished and properly washed down with somo of Tennant's well know alo, a fresh team is "put-to," one of the four hoing prone to bolt ! Away wo go over eighteon milo3 of bog and ruts, which would defy tho whole team-if thoy were all trotters-to go far ata stretoh; many narrow escapes occur; but1 thanks to the drivor, wo go along morrily. But if the reader intends travelling this road by coach, if his norvos aro strong, like mino, lot him tako tho box ; if othorwiso, go inside, and thuB avoid seeing tho team Blipping first on tho near and thon on tho off side into ruts and bogs enough to break their legs ; the coach going over wide chasms, in and out of deep bogs, strid ing ruts, round stumps and trees, sinking heavily into tho bed of a rivor, and with difficulty pulling up tho sloping and soft mudbunk, tho howes' logs and tho wheels of tho coach barely to bo soon ! Theso aro tho roads, ye Sydney men of cominorco, over which your representatives and your goods have to travel. They are'trooks, not roads ; disgraceful alike to the Govern ment, to the so-called legislators, and to tho civilized nnTYiTrmniftr fnrinïnir -flin nonnlft nf +.lnü /»nlnnv In running over tho last stago, wo pass tho station of tho well known T. Jones, tho hospitable owner of Mount Lambió, nearRydal. Tho "precious metal" is to bo found in several parts of tliis run. On further is a stono building, now a post oflico, formerly a public school, but as no houso is to be seen ulong tho road for several miles, tho placo seems a queer spot for oithor a school or post oflico. ^ Tho latter is useful for , tho fanners and others skirting tho mountains on either side of tho road. 1 Still further on is another post oflico, kept by an industrious shoemaker, having ono other -resident-a farmer-for his neighbour. I boliovo tho wholo of thc district from Eoultou's Inn to thi3 post office is named Caloola. A few milos further brings you to "Onc-oyo," a station belonging to a well known wealthy resident of Bathurst ; it is a miserablo-looking pince, although the agricultural ground appears to be most fertile. The Trunkey gold-iiolds conimenco hero, and tho Victorian Company have pitchod thoir engine and formed a large dam near this spot ; and why they did so, when at a small cost they could have had Chard's dam, already made, and at the foot of a fino rango, thon, if not now, ?expeoted to bo payable, besides being abovo ono milo and a half nearer to tho host part of tho diggings and in tho township, I must loavo your Mining lioportcr to answer. When I last visited Trunkey all was expectation. Arthur's Town was just laid out, and, Arthur, Chard, and Company (tho prospectors) woro about building u. store and hotol. Bark huts and other buildings wer rising and being projected ; but, o whig to the ex-mombe for Singleton's Gold-fields Leasing Bill, the operation of the rainers thon on tho field wore stopped,* am I principally through tho two speculative companiesjjam I some Government officers, who were taking advantage o ! their position to tho injury of the working miner. Anc hero I must acknowledge the pronvptness of the presen Government, and especially the Treasurer, in causing an inquiry into tho matter alluded to in my formej letter, by which ono " official " had to return to ¿ii duties, for which he was and is well poid, instead o; speculating for a " rise " on a gold-field ; and anothei thought it most advisable tp transfer to California, r task he accomplished, it is said, by tho aid of a specu lator in Trunkey shares. Ho left, minus his reputation, af tor having robbed tho minors or the Government oi all tho cash ho took for " registration " and otherwise, from February 'till June of last year. Tho now regu lations, by whioh officials aro not allowed to hold Crown or aurifcrious land without tho consent of Government, will put a stop to such gambling by ¡ Government officials, to tho benefit of the mining ? community genorally. I Now Arthur's Town contains Chard-street, Arthur-street, and Queen-street, besides many others not yet named- the principal one having somo docent erections as stores and hotels. Of tho latter, tho "Boyal" is, fora gold- field, a really comfortable and well-arranged hotel, galvanized iron forming the oxtorior ; tho attendance being good, the table woll sproad, and tho viands of tho best description, reflect ing great credit upon the proprietors. Several othor hotels aro studded about, some of slab, other weather board and iron ; but the number is fast diminishing, for want of tho abundanco of gold that was prognosti cated this time last year : but of whioh your Mining Reporter may yet indicate hopes of realization, when thoîfields aro better doveloped by practical, instead of " drawing-room" directors and minors. Ono publican has offered his slab house to a com mittees of gentlemen, who aro raising funds towards building a church ; bub it is thought by some that tho ghost of King Alcohol would still hoveri around tho building, and distract tho attention of tho listeners from tho most " crushing " sermon ever preached by a gold-fields' minister. Thoro aro now about ¡É60 collected, a nd if some really pious friends in Sydney would deeply dig into their pockets and assist such an object, this gold-field would moro frequently echo tho glorious teachings of Him whoso life and death was ono grand and continuous lesson to do His and our "Father's will." I was astonished to miss tho ovor welcome pioneer from Trunkey-tho Wesleyan minister and schoolmaster. How isjäthis ? There aro about sixteon public-houses open at pre sent; but I can assure the "total abstainers" it will not require two-thirds of tho miners to decido about " closing" many of them, unless somo better prospects soon appear ; and this remark applies equally to some of tho stores, two or three of which aro well stocked. A circulating library, kept by an indiistrious son of Hibernia, is a valuable institution, tho owner of which has extemporised a musical horn from some shuightered cow or bullock, which precedes his welcome announce ment on, Saturdays (after tho arrival of the coach) ojE "Who calls the Town and Country Journal? Who callB tho Mail y And I must confess I was pleased to find so many applicants for'tho papor, although it is sold at fifty per cent, upon your publishing price. Ï heard many of the miners speak of the valuable mining intelligence contained in tho Town and Country Journal. ( j Tho Now South Wales Bank has a branch herb under an able, painstaking, -well- connected, although young oflicer; a gentleman, I venturo to assert, who hos tho respect of every man on tho diggings, as ho possessed that of the people of Grafton, when thorp occupying a position. one step lower. Tho temporary officos of the bank form one end of Chard's -Royal Hotel, and au obliging postmaster occupies the other, -j Threo medical gentlemen practice their profession here, but. although these bleak mountains producé many colds, I am informed the services of two of them aro not often in requisition, and tho third only attends upon special or extraordinary occasions, being on tho field for mining purposes rather than, the practiso of medicine or surgery ; a second one being the well known namesake of tho ohampion of " Emancipation J' in Ireland, tho great Dan ! ; Two dancing saloons are supported nightly by many disciples of Terpsichore, who "trip it" until a late hour. Tho musioians aro paid IA each night and thoro is no charge,!or admission ! Tho bar ÍB not far off, but whore the profits come from to support such establishments-with " drinks at sixpence "-I do not understand, nor do I think they aro requisite every nights ' i Many Italians are at work on the field, and if they wero not doing well they would soon shift. One coloured man has boon very fortunate on his alluvial claim, and I am glad to say ho knows how to take caro of hisoash. Many Chinamen aro also thoro, and to the Celestials do tho diggers owe tho fine and regular supply of vegetables. A few "chai'actors" aro to bo found at every diggings, and amongst such at Trunkey is ono who has the reputation of being tho "second" in a duel between his friend tho Duke de Montponsier, who has obtained moro recent notoriety in the same art of refinement, as seen by tho last mail. Another, bolouging to a lower strata of society'-an Englishman -who, being very industrious and quiet when sober, has tho peculiar and noisy forte when chinking of talking about the beautiful Abbey and Cathedral of York Minstei', which ho has seen on tho top and at tho bottom; mixing it up with "two devils" ho mot and killed, and tho rather questionable honourable history of himself "when ho had his iron leggings on in Tas mania." I think the police should bo instructed to look him up when under the influence of liquor, ' and thus stop a frightful maniac from making a noise through the town, besides tho unfortunate oxposuro of the poor follow's antecedents-and this espooially applies to his raving on tho Sabbath. Tlioro is on this field tho originator of tho t\rbe-woll boring process-a Mr. Bennett, now manager of the Sydney Company's crushing machinery. I am informed this gentleman was the first one who, in New Zealand, obtained water by artesian well-sinlring, and tho comparativo caso with which ho obtained water in abundance at most places, by means of stool and iron pipos of small bore, open at tho bottom, induced Mr*. Norton (after Bonnott had left thoso provinces) to patent his tube-well systom, tho only difference being that tho latter aro perforated points with a pump. Mr. Bonnott says " ho is certain water can be obtained in many parts of every run in the colony by the artosian system, and at comparatively small cost," and although of lato rather too mitch water has been showered upon somqpnrts of tho colony, his informa tion and talents might bo made available in other inland districts whoro tho valuable liquid is not to be had in such quantities. On the morning of tho rob bery at the works (tho 8th instant), it would not have been good for oithe* tho health or personal appearance of tho robbers, had Mr, Bennett como across them, so enraged M'as ho. It is estimated tlmtthero aro about COO minors on this fiold, studdod about tho ridges and mountains, and extending over possibly fifteen miles.-the principal street having storos and hotels on the sloping side of a mountain, and facing a high range supposed to contain a largo quantity of the precious und muck-soughfc-for . - ». gold. One of the medical gentlemen has selected a delightful spot, and has erected a prettily-formed iron house, with a flower and kitchen garden around, at the angle.of two mountains and near the creek. "With tho exception of this, trunkey? like many other diggings, does not present the beautiful as a picture, but to my mind there is something noble, if not ohorming, while glancing over a gold-field, and viewing the independent sons of toil-the honest, hard-handed and intelligent diggers, with here and there a wife and family to share with them the discomforts of a tent or bark hut, braving tho many dangers of a digger's life in traversing tho bowelä of tho earth, enduring tho hail, snow, rain or wind, and sometimes tho floods, risking tho various diseases and complaints incidental thereto, and when a "now rush" is announced to so easily pack up their " furniture," and with their stook-in- trado away they trudge for many miles-ayo at times, hundreds of miles-to colleot this nvuoh wanted gold. Monarch's can boast, but none coax hold, Such powerful away 03 tho spirit of gold ! And yet how fow obtain more than a living at it ? and yet fewer still retain much of what they corn so laboriously. These hardworking and manly fellows desorvo botter treatment than they have had since tho .passing of tho Gold- fields Leasing Bill-and I invito every digger to remember who was the author of that measure, and to romember it at th proper time, i.e., whonever there is an olection ; and. many hindrances to tho proper development of our gold- fields will dis appear, and an important branch of tho wealth-pro ducing industry of tho colony will again take its proper place. Amongst tho other absurdities of the so-called " Doctor's" measure iá, that of not allowing a digger to "jump a claim" while there is an amount (in value) of machinery registered against such claim, although such claim or claims remain dormant, as in tho two com panies claims now idlo, at Trunkey. At tho same time, mark ye, gontlo reader, that a claim may bo " jumped" if it belongs to a working man, oven should all his machinery, his shovel, pickv&o.;, be onthe claim, if ho is not thero during certain hours of tho day. Of courso, this is not one law for tho rich and another for tho poor. Oh, no ! such things could not occur in demo cratic Now South Wales. It could only take place in my beloved .but much abused and aristocratic Eng land. However, I invito tho diggers, on every gold field in ,.tho colony to form committees, to hold i meetings for tho purposo of discussing tho effects of tho present laws and regulations affecting their interests and through thom, the welfaro of tho colony, and then to properly lay theirl objections by their repre sentatives before tho proper Minister, and I am sure such will receive the consideration of the present Government-or, Bhould he be in power, the present President of the Council of Education;- but I do not know any other member of the Government of whom Mi-. Parkes was a member who would caro one atom moro for the important inerests of tho digger than does tim crotchetty and ridiculous ' author - of the Leasing Bill himself. PERAMBULATOR. 