The Bishop of Maitland to the Council of Education. West Maitland, 8th September, 1870. Gentlemen, — I beg to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 2nd instant, in which you inform me that it has come to the knowledge of the Council of Education that Catholic parents at Newcastle and other places in this diocese have been constrained, under pain or being deprived of the rights of the Church, to withdraw their children from Public schools, in direct opposition to their wish, and you ask me to acquaint you if I have directed such a course to be taken. In reply, allow me to say that Newcastle is not in my jurisdiction ; any communica tion you may have to make in reference to that place should be addressed to the Vener able Archbishop of Sydney. With regard to other places you do not name, and which you suppose are, in this diocese, I have to express my regret that the terms of your letter render it impossible for me to give you an answer, as a reply from me to a question affecting the relations that exist between me and the Catholics ot the diocese, over which the Holy Ghost has placed me, would seem to admit that the Council had a right to put to me such an ex traordinary question. It is scarcely neces sary for me to say that, apart from the offence which such a question implies, I, as a Catho lic Bishop, cannot recognise such an as sumption of authority by the Council of Education. As, however, the Council of Education may simply seek for information on the views held by me with, regard to the Public Schools, and on the obligations of Catholic parents to withdraw their children from those schools, where books must be read by them which were compiled for the avowed purpose of undermining their faith, I shall in that case be most happy to comply with your request; and any communication having due regard to the rights and duties of my position as a Catholic Bishop, and not mis representing the action which I and my clergy may feel bound to take, in order to protect the religious interests of Our Catho lic people, and to save the faith of their children from the dangers of mixed schools, — shall command my best attention and most earnest consideration. Allow me to add, that your letter renders evident a great want in the Council which you must feel, and to which public attention has been frequently directed, namely, the absence of a Roman Catholic who would take part in your deliberations, and whose counsel would no doubt be of the greatest benefit to you in your correspondence with the heads of his Church on educational sub jects. I have, etc, \+ James Murray, Bishop of Maitland. Public Meeting at Rtdal. — Last week a public meeting was held in the Court house, Bydal, to protest against the tolls, pro posed to be levied on carriers and others from the beginning of the coming year. The following resolution moved by Dr. Alley was carried unani mously : — 'That this meeting strongly protests against the new rate of tolls, proposed by the Government as being exorbitantly high, and de structive of the carrying interests, and that such rate would also seriously depreciate every inter* est connected therewith.' A second resolution was proposed and carried to the effect that the foregoing should be embodied in a petition to the Assembly, and a committee was appointed to carry out that object. When the Deluge Comes Look Out for your Traps.— We may'safely assert, that our friends in both town and country, may be always safely trusted to keep an eye to their little house hold Gods. A short time ago the Kerosene Company at Bowenf els, petitioned Parliament to raise the duty on inported oil of the particular description which they manufactured. Now we find gentlemen interested in the iron trade — not blacksmiths but, manufacturers — petitioning Parliament that machinery should be treated in- the tariff like other imported goods. What next$ Can even the paternal solicitude manifested by the Treasurer satisfy neither the importers or manufacturers. v Action of Pritchard v. Dibbs Fdp, Slander. — This case, which has caused sonle excitement and discussion amongst mercantile people was heard on Monday. Mr. Darley and Mr. C. J. Manning appeared for the plaintiff, and Sir James Martin, Mr. Butler and Mr, Want tor the defendant. The slander declared upon was that defendant had said, 'Oh, ? ? (naming and meaning a person carrying on busi ness in Sydney), he is a d ? swindler and Pritchard is another.' Damages were laid at £2000 The defendant pleaded not guilty. The jury not having agreed at the closing of the court were'locked up but were discharged next morning/as there was no probability of their agreeing'. 