GENERAL NEWS, It has been pointed out to us that we omitted from our report of the Mount Pleasant Show .'the; awards for white wine of any age. The first and. second prizes in this clas3 were ■iaten .by Mr.. d^ Greig. . • > The Oarnaquheen, Captain Colville, one,; of Elder'^s liners,, is the only > Adelaide I woolihipthat^had-airiyed when the mail left. i She_ swyed^t Falmdu.th_ on; 24th January, | haying eipAHen'ced'y'eiy '^ough weather, in | which she lost boats'and some of her spars. The wool sales were postponed until 17th February, to 'which date' our telegrams reach, but they, do not contain information of any further arrivals, "although,' of course, this is not conclusive against such arrivals having taken place. , - In the outward passenger list of the Coorong the name of Mr« "William Blackler appears, he-having resolvedHo make a tour to the old country after many years of unceasing colonial exertion. He proceeds' to .Europe via the Pacific,;and will, on ;his . return, furnish his experience by the Great Overland Bail way. Several-friends paid him' a parting tribute on the wharf, and others accompanied him.to the roadstead, whence a landing at . the Semaphore Jetty was effected1''after the usual wishes for a prosperous voyage had b'eefi. expressed. 1 We havfi .been kindly; favored with' ex tracts frotn-lefciers received in Adelaide by this week's .mail from the-Darling. The "captain of the Ifepnedy, one of the steamers trading on ihe river, writing on the 9th instant, says:—" I 'am glad to say that we, have had a change in 'the weather.-A. heavy- thunderstorm. passed over here, and heavy rain, fell for three hours; The river thenroBe one f bot, andhas been rising slowly, since.., I think it-is tho'Warrego water that is rising it now. u It cafamenced raining here last night, .and .is raining here now, a nice steady 'fain.' ' It has'"iook^a cloudy and black about the river the ■-last'two or three.days." From a letter, dated Wentworth, March 13, we learn that—" By the Darling mail to day there is a ! report of the rise of the water at Bourke of six febtj and heavy local rains, and it will take the water fivu wbtfks -to-reach- Wentworth. The | ; waterids: .at- present very low here, and \ the* J steamer"Prince Alfred has -turned back, froin Mcorna." A letter from the same place on the 14th instant has^.the .following :^The,Darling ;mail' airived'here last evening, and reports a rise of six feet at Bourke, but 'the river was again falling. However, hopes are very generally entertained of a good flood shortly, which I trust, will be fully realised. . - The adjourned meeting of the electors of East Adelaide will be held this evening at the Town Hall-Booms..— — - - - - It will be seen by' a notice in another column that the tea.and congregational meeting J in Connection with/Chalmers Church. which. was to have taken place next Thursday, is postponed Until the following Thursday, 24lh of March. ' At a mebtirig of the Geherai Committee of the Land Reform League, it was resolved | that a public address be prepared and circulated throughout the colony, enforcing the views and principles advocated in the programme already issued. A Sub-Committee was ap pointed, to report that day week. : • On Tuesday evening, the comedietta of j "My Turn Next," and the burlesque of "Arthur" were repeated at the Theatre Royal, and received with undiminished applause. ■ To night is announced as a "million night,".the price of admission to pit and gallery being re duced one- half. . The following are^the vessels that sailed from Port Adelaide-for the February, sales, and Md not" arrived on the 28th; January, with number of days out:— Date of No. of 7 From; Sailing,- Days, , Popt \ Peking. ... ... Oct. 26 r'.04:7 • Augusta^ ■Alchymist ...Nov. i ' 89' Do.. I. The Goolwa Nov. 1 89 Do. - J Coonatto .:. ... Nov. 1 89 ' Victor. • City of Adelaide.:. Nov.- 2 88 " Adelaide. The Murray Nov. 3 87 Do. : BundalSer... ' ... NoV. 6 84 Do.' "' j Darra Nov. 19 71 Do. ' ; The Carnaquheen, Captain Colville, arrived at Falmouth January 24,105 days out. - • On Tuesday evening; March 15, an en tertainment WaB given in the schoolroom below the North Adelaide Congregational Church' by the North Adelaide Young Men's Society to inaugurate the - eleventh session. , There were about 300 ladies-and gentlemen present. The President (Rev. J. Jefferis, LUB.) who pre sided,: stated in commencing the proceeding that the young men had striven to give some novel and interesting entertainment to inaugu rate'their entrance upon their second decade of existence. He referred to the good influence which the Society had been enabled to exercise, and he congratulated the members on the pre sent position and prosperity of the Association: He ^expressed-a- hope also that'the young men would still-continue to take an interest in the Society, and they would be encouraged in .this by their mothers,''sister,- and "dearer7 one's yet." At intervals during the evening Beveral selections * of music .were "played in excellent style by the Concordia Ba'nd. The remainder of. the programme consisted of recitations and7 a debate.. Mr..l;F. Searle reoited an extract from "Doctor Marigold's pre; scriptions," which provoked; much amuse ment.: The.spirited, dialogue in the moun |-tain-pass-between -Rhoderick Dhu and Fitz \- James, as given by Scott in b'is. "Lady of the Lake," was given in fine style by; Messrs. J. H. Finlayson-andB. iWhinham, who were honored with a reoaL A scene representing a debate in the Society was also given. The debate was on the. subject—" Are the mental, capacities of the sexes equal ?" Mr. R. Searle was.Chairman of the debate,' and the following were speakersf Messrs. H. Turner, *J. H. Finiaysop,W. J; Back, C. S.- Leader, W. Shopbridge, A; Pomeroy, E. P. Pilgrim, D. J. Adopok, ,-Wi Phillips, 'W.-WhinhaTn, J. F. Conigrave, E. P; Nesbit, C. W. Babbage, H. Holthouse, and Hi F. Leider.The arguments pro and con. the question as they arose on either side ; caused considerable interest and amusement. The cfo{ hate, on the whole, passed off very satisfactorily; and was exceedingly well received,. Shortly before 10 o'clock the National' Anthem w is sung, and many of the visitors left immediately afterwards, but others remained for the enjoy: ment of a; promenade for half an hour,; : j The Prince Alfred" YVesleyan College Bazaar opened in .the Town Hall on Tuesday afternoon, tit was generally understood ; that a magnificent collection of goods'.had been secured by the;assiduous and;praiseworthy exertions 'of the ladies ,connected with tho several churches ;of the City; and Norwood circuits, :who. havd most thoroughly; identified -themselves with the movement. The; result was what- might have been expected when \so many busy'fingers had :been-at work -and so-many ladies hadput into force those persuasive powers of which they are possessed to obtain contributions of money op goods towards the bazaar.' The result w;as that by the united efforts of the ladies a splendid lot of goods—fancy and useful—was qhfained.! So. large,"was the coUection ,that when displayed in .the imm ense Town Hall the stalls appear ed} to" be somewhat crowded. The" stalls, which; ran round the Hall, were presided over by the following ladies:—Mesdames Mil-; lard, Patchell, W. Scott, Bakewell, T.j Robin, . Gall, . King,. Dunn, Lawton,! Swann, Colton, Jas. Scott, Colwell; Stacey,; Marshall, A; A. Scott, Pengelly, Knight,| Cotton, Johnson, Jno. Hill, Binks, Jas. Robin,! pay, Coombs, : Lloyd, .Casely,'Millner, aadi 'Ingram, who were'assisted by a bevy of young' ladies.- There was a toy stall j presided over by; Miss Millard,-Miss" Pearce,. and Mis3 Carvosso. jj and a Christmas tree was attended to by about a-, dozen charming little girls, who appeared'.'toj enjoy the fun of disposing of the little. niok-j hacks which covered the tree. There Was also; a refreshment .stall, - at which . cakes, sweet-' meats, &'o.,: were sold. In an immense bollcc-; |-tion of'goods such as this was—representing, it; ; is said, a money .value of £2,000—it is almost j impossible to refer to a few articles without! meriting the charge of inyidiousness. There; were;; however^ some beautiful wax ' flowers; dnd -fruits,, 'and elegant. specimens of leather; work,' made by Miss Halcroj together with'; several exquisitely worked ottomans and' ' ouBhiohs, -the'handiwork ..of several ladies,! which attracted general' notice, and certainly; reflected the highest credit on the workers.' It would he perfectly impossible^ in a brief; notice, such as we must necessarily .'give, to; mention, one-tenth of the articles which de-1 served particular notice, and so it..is to. be; hoped we shall be excused if we refrain from; further particularising the- goods, hot because 'they do not merit it,- but because it would be invidious .to mention a few where all' are so.| . very Worthy of attention. There was parian-1 Ware, glassware,, fancy ware, wool and crochet work, embroidery, clothing, and every- descrip tion of goods which constitutes the stock of a; bazaarkeeper. It may be remarked that the; promoters of the bazaar hope to realise a sum of £1,500 at least, and they. further hope to do_ so. by a, system of bona fide sale. Raffles, lotteries, :| and lucky-bags have been' forbidden, and..tbe, fair vendors would soom to have undertaken a formidable task in endeavoring to dispose^ of all their goods without resorting to means which less scrupulous people have not failed to adopt. However, they appear quite sanguine of the •result, and this hopefulness, was justified by the number of visitors who flocked into, the room almost as soon as the bazaar was opened. The attendance in the afternoon was very large, and the sales were exceedingly brisk. "We may herementionthatMr. A. Cunningham, ofRundle ' street, kindly exhibited, at the request of the Committee, a magnificent doll which he had justdmported,-and which attracted considerable notice. In the evening the attendance^ was very numerous, and the Hall presented quite a busy and animated appearance. Among the novelties -was a publication entitled " The Bazaar Herald," a newspaper that it is intended shall be issued daily,during the continuance of the bazaar. '• : '■ " , "Biddy," said a lady to her servant, "I wish you would step over and see how old Mrs. Jones is this morningj' In a few minutes Biddy returned with the information that Mrs. Jones-was just 72 years old.' When is an alderman like a ghost!—"Wlien he is a goblin1 (gobbling). N : 'J - • • ; - v'- , 