POPULAR WOMEN. (Saturday Review.) The popular pretty woman is one who, take her as a young wife (and sb e must be married), honestly loves her husband, but does not thrust her affection into the face of the world, and never flirts with him in public. Indeed, she flirts with other men just enough to make time pass pleasantly, and enjoys a rapid waltz or a lively conversation as much as when she was seventeen, and before she was appropriated. She does not think it necessary to go about morally ticketed, nor does she find it necessary for her dignity or her virtue to fence herself round with coldness or indifference to the multitude byway of proving her loyalty to one. Still, as it is notorious that die does love her husband, and as eveiy one knows they are perfectly content with each other, and therefore not on the look-out for supplements, the men with whom she has those innocent little jokes, those transparent secrets, those animated conversations, that confessed friendship and good understanding, do not make mistakes, and the very woman belonging to them forget to be censorious, even, though she is so much admired. She is a mother too, and a fond one, so can sympathise with other mothers, and expatiate on her nursery in the confidential chat over five o'clock tea, as all fond mothers do and should. She keeps a wellmanaged house, and is notorious for the amount of needlework she gets through, and of which she is prettily proud, not being ashamed to tell yon. that the dress you admire so much was made by her own hands, and she will give your wife the pattern if she likes; while she boasts of even rougher upholstery work which she and her maid and her sewing-machine have got through with despatch and credit. She gives dinners with a cachet of their own, and that have been evidently planned with careful thought and study; and she is not above her work as mistress and organizer of her house- hold. Yet she finds time to keep abreast with the current literature of the day, and never has to confess to ignorance of the ordinary topics of conversation. She is not a woman of extreme views about anything. She has not signed, improper papers, and she does not discuss improper questions; she does not go in for woman's rights ; she has a horror of facility "ofdivorce ; and she sets up for nothing—being • neither an Advanced Woman desirous of usurping the possessions and privileges of men, nor a Griselda who rti infra her proper place is at the feet of men to take their kicks with patience and their caresses with gratitude, as is becoming* in an inferior creature. She does not dabble in politics; and though she likes to make her dinners successful and her evenings brilliant, she by no means assumes to be a leader of fashion, or to impose laws on her circle. She likes to be admired, and she is always ready to let herself beloved ; she is always ready, too, to do any good work that comes in her way, and she finds time for the careful overlooking of a few pet charities, about which she makes no parade, just as she finds time for her nursery and her needlework Another kind of popular woman is the sympathetic woman, the woman who gives instead of receiving. This kind is of variable conditions. She may be old, she may be ugly; in fact, she is more often both than neither, bnt she is a universal favourite notwithstanding, and no woman is more sought after or less wearied of, although none can say why they" like her. She may be married; but generally she is either a widow or an old maid ; as, if a wife, her sympathies for Tthings abroad are necessarily somewhat cramped oy the pressure of the home life, and her sympathies are her claim to popularity. She is sincere, too, as well as sympathetic, and she is safe. She holds the secrets, both of opinion and deed, of all her friends, but no one suspects that any one has confided secrets to her before himself. She has the art, or rather the charm, of perpetual freshness, and all her friends think in turn that the fountain has been unsealed now for the first time. This is not artifice; it is simply the property of deep and inexhaustible sympathy. It is not necessary that she should be a wise adviser to be popular. Her province is to listen and to sympathise, to gather the sorrows and. the joys of others into her own breast, so as to soften by'sharing or heighten by reduplication. Most frequently, too, she is not over rigid in her notions of moral prudence, and will let a lovesick girl talk of her lpver, even if the affair, is hopeless and has been forbidden, while she will do her best to soothe the man who has had the misfortune to get crazed about his friend's wife. She has been even known, under pressure, to convey a message or a hint; and of the two she is decidedly more pitiftil to sorrow than severe to wrong-doing. She is in at all the misfortunes and maladies of her friends. No death takes place without her bearing part of the mourning r on her own soul, but then no marriage is considered complete in which she has not a share. She is called on to'help whenever there is work to be done, if she is of the practical iype ; if only of the mental, she has merely to give up her own pleasures and her lime, that she may look on and sympathise. Every one likes her, every one takes to her at first sights no one is jealous of her, and the law of her life is to spend and be spent for others. It not unfrequently happens, though, that she who does so much for those others has to bear her-own burden unassisted ; and that she sits at home surrounded by the spectres of despair, the ghosts of sorrow, which she helps to dispel from their homes. But she crosses, she asks no one to lay so much as a finger on her own. In consequence of which no one imagines that she ever suffers at all on her own account ; and most of her friends would take it as a personal affront were she to turn the tables aud ask for that of which she had given so much to others. She is the'moral anodyne ef her circle,and when she ceases to soothe, she abdicates the function assigned to her by nature, and dies out of her allotted uses. Another kind of popular person is the woman whose sympathies are more superficial, but whose faculties are more brilliant; the woman who makes herself agreeable, as it is called— that is, who can talk when she is wanted to talk, listen when she is wanted to listen, take a prominent part and some responsibility, or keep her personality in the background, according to circumstances and the need of the moment; eminently a useful member of society, and popular just in proportion to the pleasure she can shed around her. But she offends no one, even though she is notoriously sought after and made much of, for she is good- natured to all, and people are not jealous of those who do not flaunt tneirsuccesses, and whom popularity does not make insolent. The popular woman of this kind is always ready to help in the pleasure of others. She is a fair weather friend, and shrinks with the most charming frankness from those on whom dark days have fallen. She is really veiy sorry when any of her friends fall out from the ranks, and are left behind to the tender mercies of those cruel camp-followers in the march of life—sorrow or sickness ; but she feels that her place is sot with them—rather with the singers and players who are making things pleasant for Hie main body. But if she cannot stop to smooth the pillows of a dying bed, or soothe the troubles of an aching heart, she can organise delightful parties, set young people to congenial games, take off bores on to her own. shoulders, and even utilize them for the neutralization of other bores ; she is good for the backseat or the front, as is most convenient to others ; she can shine at the state dinner where you want a servicable show, or make a diversion in the quiet—not to say stupid—conglomeration of fogies where you want a lively element—to prevent universal stupor; she talks easily and well, and even brilliantly when on her mettle, but not enough to. excite men's envy; and she has no decided opinions. She is a chameleon, an opal, changing ever in Ranging lights, and no one was yet known to determine her central quality. 