THE NOVELIST. THE SHADWELLS OF RABY. CHAPTER LXXXrv.-CONCLUSION. " Got your things on ns fast as you can-anyway, no matter-you can throw a cloak over you." And as the half-awakened maid obeyed, Agnos humed to the window j but she had forgotten that it did not command a view of the hall-door. Before the shutters were well opened, tho knocking and ringing were repeated. "Quick. Dorothy ! I can't go without you-do, for Heaven's sake." Expecting to ace Mark in a few momenta-not know ing what story Lo might have to tell, or in what spirit or character lie might nppear- her heart, which all this while, was beating as if it would choke her, suddenly, with a deadly faintness felt as if it stopped still. But Agnes was not a lady to swoon easily. There is some truth in tho theory of effort. "When she and her maid had reached the head of the great staircase, a servant had already opened the hall-door, and she heard a voice ; it was not her husband's talking in the hall with the old butler, who was still retained. Agnes descended, stopping and then for a moment, to listen. When she came into tho hali, the old servant, in slippors, and without a neck-tie, in deshabille, with a solitary candle on the table, talking to a stranger, who had not removed his hat. They were talking earnestly, it seemed, and in tones little above a whisper. Disappointed ami also relieved, she eaine forward more boldly, and tho men looked around. The stranger removed his hat, and advanced to meet her. He was tho vicar. Strange was tho countenance of Agnes the light of her caudle so close to her face, and that face so pale and contracted with the peculiar frown of pam. "Toll mo quickly; you need not fear," she said, very low, in a voice thinand cold, tliafc thrilled Stour Temple. She read instantly the dark look in tho vicar's earnest eyes-she knew there was news of Mark, bad news for her at least, she saw it must he. " Yes-I'vo learned something about Mr. Shadwell there has been an accident-a very bad one-fatal-I'm grieved to say." Ho was led on to say this hythe gaze that was fixed on him. He felt that the least delay would not soften but protract her agony. She made an attempt to speak, it was but a con tortion, her voice did not come ; but she was pulling at his hand quiveringly, and he knew she wanted to hoar th a whole story, bo it what it might, and he told it. I will not relate it in his words, but these were tho facts Two cows of the vicar's were pastured at "VVynderfel park. One of these that evening had strayed away, and aman was sent in quest of it butin vain. About eight o'clock, favoured by tho moonlight, li» resumed his search. Having failed in other quarters, he meant to-try tho woods near Hazleden, which are approached through a glen. Ho missed his way, how ever, and found himself, on a sudden, by the awful tarn of Feltram. The moon being high, lighted the opposite side of tho precipitous amphitheatre, and those peaked, grey rocks, projecting through tho trees here and there, to which Doro, drawing such a scene, would have given the outlines of sheeted grotesques, with upraised arms, stooping from mid air over tho black oval of tho pool. The man looked round, and saw tho black tomb of the unhappy Mildred-like apatoh of shadow on tho grass, and " winter talcs" which he had heard of tho " gaze lady" which, as I have said, local antiquaries tell us is truly " ghaist-ladye," came crowding horribly on his memory ; and these scaring fancies were brought suddenly to their climax by his seeing, just emerging abovo the smooth surface of the tarn, a human figure floating f aco upwards. It was not till ho looked hard at it for some seconds that he became certain that tho white object which he saw was a half-submerged human face, looking upward against that streak of moonlight which, wavering and flickering in tho shadow of nearly leafless branches, yet so sharply defined it, that there could remain no doubt in his mind-except that tho appearance might be one of the delusions practised by the goblin of that haunted glen. Forgetting tho cow, and everything but the ghost of the Lady Mildred, the man got away as fast as he could, and by tho time he got quite out of the ;haunted ter ritory, ho began to reflect that tho figure he had seen floating in tho tarn might have been not a ghost, but a corpse. He made haste to the vicarage, and there saw Scour Temple, who, though it was by this time past .ten, got men together, and with his brother Hoger, and proper appliances for drawing the body, if such it shoiild prove to bo, from the water, and carrying it away, sot off for the Glen of Feltram. Tho vicar was very silent during the march. He had a presentiment-so had others-which no one uttered. Through the narrow glen, bearing their ropes and poles foran extemporized bier, silent and awed, like men passing into a cathedral at a midnight funeral, they entered that dark hall where stands the solitary tomb, and the tarn reflects the stars. Taking their stand upon that patch of sward on which foll a narrow strip of light from the moon, now high in tho heavens, they got the ropes in a long loop, round the object which floated at tho surface, and drew it slowly to the margin. Slowly, with a sort of undulation, sometimes under, sometimes ovor tho water, it glided to the hank. With hardly a word, spoken under breath, they drew it up, with a trail of water streaming after, and laid it, a few yards on, in the patch of moonshine. It was tho tall, slender figuro and proud face of Mark Shadwell, on whioh tho moonlight fell 1 Tho vicar looked down upon tho familiar features of tho mau with whom KO much, of tho pastof Iris secluded existence waa uhwiciatfMl, with a vaguo mingling of deep emotion ami deep thought. Every face is sublime in death. Tiie whole cuss is there ; the weakness and the fate. 11 uwes ami ic softens us. Wo see, for tho first time, liuw much wu» excusable, how tremendous is tile peiiiilty. Tho t:ilo is told, to which words can bo added nevermore, mid it Jingera still in our ears. W« rcMiiemln.T tliiujjH wo might have said, but whioh cnn never now bu n.iid. The writing is finished, and rolled up, and sealed, till tho tremendous daybreaks over all. Having given his jnon orders to convey the body to Raby ; and loft that matter in charge of his brother, he himself -walked on to Kaby, whose inmates wore startled, as I have said, by his late knocking. " Very rash," thought the vioar, struggling to got rid of a conviction that haunted him, as he rapidly trod tho "Wyndcrfol path to Raby, *' very mad of him to tako that devious and dangerous way on such a night." The truth is, there was no way ot accounting reason ably for Murk Shadwell's having taken tho Feltram path, if his object waa to reach Raby either safely in such a storm, or expeditiously. Stour Temple was trying to exclude thc hypothesis, at which other people arrived unanimously-I mean, that tho squire's death was not aooidentaL Knowing all I do of the oiroum stanoesj and of that impulsive, violent, and hypo chondriac man, as well as of the intensa agitation in whiohho took his leave of tho vicar that night, and of the legal measures he had taken to secure the disposi tion of his property, I have myself no doubt whatever, that Mark Shadwell made away with himself, in his despair deliberately. In the mind of every man who wilfully ends his life, there are, I have no doubt, fluctuations, waverings, horrible recoils, and then relapses into suicidal frenzy, before tho irrevocable plunge or pistol shot, or razor gash. Human nature takes fright, and cries. No ! with all its might : and mortaUty pleads, and tho whole man shudders and protests ; and he thinks, and thanks God-tho danger is over; but tho mysterious temp tation recurs-importunes, bewitches, transforms him -and ho is gone ! ' The body lay that night at Raby. A coroner's jury pronounced his death accidental, following strictly auch evidence aa was before them, though every man of them had bia miagivinga, and afterward bia convio tiona. Time has passed-with many disturbances, and and adjustments, demolishing and repairing, obliter ating and creating, and carrying on the great story of human passion, vanity, and sorrow, since then. The beautiful Agnes-like a spirit n possession-was not easily to be cast out. Sho was active, truculent, unscrupulous, and seemed resolved to contest the rights of the heiress of Raby to the last. But Raohel had no intention of turning one who had been her father's wife-undeserving as she was--adrift upon tho world with absolutely no provision. She knew nothing of that paroxysm of jealousy, and tho cause, whioh had produced the catastrophe. Perhaps Mark Shadwell's o^nstruotion of what he saw wa3 too nearly absolute and extreme, considering how strangely perfidious that woman, and how capable of deception within deception, and of merely beguiling Clayton and befooling him for a purpose. Clayton, however, kept her at arm's length ever-after, and she hated him with a mysterious and intense acrimony, So as soon as tho fury of this beautiful young woman, holding Baby against the siege of London attorneys, engineered by counsel learned in the law, a little cooled, and her cold, shrewd, common sense asserted itself, she was more disposed to listen to reason, and so a treaty was concluded. Baehel charged the estate with an annuity to her, and she covenanted to trouble her and the estate no more. So this evil angel, so beautiful and fatal, her mission ended, vanished, and ceased to be seen and heard at Raby. I have heard of her at different places-at Paris, at Florence, at Spa, at Vienna, at St. Petersburg, where occurred that fracas, whioh I dare say you re member. This ambiguous beauty is clever and admired, and carries with her a gentle gaiety,ian angry heart, and man j secrets. lam always expecting to hear moro of her. Scarlet lip and pearly smile, and softest eddies of dimples ; those brilliant blushes and dark eyes, with liquid glances, shy and fiery, are still weaving spells, and turning heads, and setting new dramas in motion. And so she is going up and down, and to-and-fro upon the earth. There are disappointments and revenges ; deep works the " little billow" of that bosom. The fire is not quenched and she is not happy. Bachel is married, very happily, to Mr. Charles Mordaunt, of whom I know little, except that ho is a very good fellow. Old Mervyn, his uncle, stopped the suit he had commenced, and the estate has benefited by that forbearance ; but he paid off, besides, a smart mortgage. He has the young people to live with him at free quarters, and takes an interest in nursing the Baby estate, which is already emerging. Baehel will never live at Baby ; it has too many melancholy and terrible associations. Ono secret of that ill-omened house is, happily for her, hid alike from herself and the world. It concerns the murder of Sir Koko Wycheriy which occurred thus Sir Boke, after a shortnap in his chair, awoke. He got up and looked his door, which opened upon the lobby. The other door, which communicated with Olewson's room, being bolted, you would have said that the baronet was tolerably secure. There was a fatality here, however. JuBtas he had completed the mysterious ceremony of unwigging, described at the inquest by Mr. Olewson, and donned that quaint cap in which he was found next morning dead in his chair, he heard a step approaching from the end of the gallery. The baronet had been expecting a note from Miss Marlyn all the evening. It was awkward, his night cap being on his head instead of that extremely clever wig in which he usually mot his friends. Still, he could not risk missing that note. It struck him, how ever, that tho step might bo that of Carmel Sherlock, whase orazy visit at the door he remembered uncom fortably ; and rather to quiet a nervous feeling, than with the slightest idea that it might actually be em ployed, he took up the dagger, whioh in an evil hour for him, he saw shining upon the dressing-table, and then went quickly to his door and peeped out upon the gallery. The step was not that of Carmel Sherlock, nor yet that which he half expected. It was the figure of Mark Shadwell, now very near his door, that appeared. He had intended passing on to his own room, but Hoke Wycherly stopped him, and invited him in, with what to Mark seemed an irritating insincerity-satirical, inquisitive, which he felt like an insult. In a spirit of intent defiance, then, Mark did turn ' into the room. Those who mean to tease others, and amuse themselves with their irritations, should be very sure of their own tempers. Koko Wycherly being, in some respeots, a man of tho world, though, naturally, as Mr. Olowson know, a gentleman easily exasperated, could affect good humour where it suited him. But under the strain of circumstances, all affections are hable to break down. The cards were there, but Shadwell did not care to play, and the baronet talked a little in his usual iron ical vein. There are rules to be observed, of course, in this kind of game, as in others, and I have no doubt that had Mark respected them, Sir Roko would have managed to keep his temper. But Mark Shadwell's natural violence and isolated habits were against all such regulated hostilities. Ho became uttorly unpar Ihnentary, and was quickly very much the more pro voking of the two, and broke into insult so direct and galling, that the baronet^with a pallid smile, told him he lied, and at tho same moment chucked the pen that lay on the table in his face. The wizened malevolent smile, the retorted outrage, Mark's long-pent hate and ungovernable pride and vio lence transported him. As a man starts from his bed in the crisis of a fright ful dream, in a moment, Mark stood freezing before Iiis victim. Tho convulsive smile continued-there was something Uko a yob, and another, and a gush of blood flowed from tho simpering mouth. Mark's hands wildly pressod the wound, and tho blood flowed warm and sluggisly through his fingers and over his wrists, and tho changeless face of Eoko Wycheriy seemed to smile at efforts vain as the dream of rolling back time and undoing the past ; and Mark felt, with a transport like madness, that tho work of that blind momont was for him and for Roko to go on, and on, and on, through inexorable etornity. It was the few furious words of the altercation and the crash of the decanter, overturned by Mark's arm, that had startled Mr. dewson from his slumbers. Then followed the quiet, and those mutterings of Mark's solitary horror, whioh had deoeived him. As Mark left the room, pale as a spectre, with the dreadful evidences of bloodshed on his hand, he was observed by Agnes Marlyn, herself unseen. "When he had gone, her curiosity drew her to Sir Boke's door. It lay partly open. She listened-she knocked, to ascertain whether any ono was in tho room, and, finally, she entered. She thought something bad must have happened, but had no idea how bad. Courage was tho^ attribute, perhaps, most remarkably pro nounced in the strange character of that young girl. But tho horrible revelation nearly overcame her. Even in that siokening moment her habit of never acting, except on second thoughts, prevailed. Bapidly recovering herself, she distinctly saw the whole truth, and comprehended the value of her secret, and stole silently, her brain teeming with .horror, wonder, and castles in the air, to her room. The confession of Carmel Sherlook explains the rest. I Unger over these scenes. When, business or plea sure calls me northward, I sometimes make a halt at the quaint little town of Raby, and saunter through the grand old park of th6 by-gone Shadwell's, admiring with a renewed interest its picturesque nooks and hollows, its magnificent timber, its sombre uplands, and broad westward slopes. My latest visit was made toward the end of last October. I looked in upon my dear old friends at the vicarage. They are all well, and by a happy chance I found the vicar himself at home. One bit of news in that part of the world I learned. An heir has been born to the Mordaunts, and, I suppose Rachel is now as happy as mortal well can be. I should have walked over to pay my respects to the young gentleman, had time sufficed. But, alas ! the railway, though an educator, is also a tyrant, and makes us count our minutes and keep tryst, under very dis agreeable penalties. So, consulting my watoh, I took my leave of those loved aud simple friends. The vioar accompanied me in my walk toward tho town of Raby, where he had a call to make. We pur sued the well-known path by Wynderfel. And when we reached the ruins, with mutual consent we paused before the silent door-way through which Carmel Sherlock had emerged on the day when he was cap tured. " You have read the old Latin inscription cut in tho stone of that doorway. It refers evidently to the gaze lady," said the vioar. "The more I think of that legend the more curious it appears. I have, in my few leisure hours, been collecting materials. I shall find out something of the history of the two ladies who were supposedto have represented, in other centuries, that fatal spirit. Certainly, according to the old prophecy, she was due, as we said of ships, just at the time when Miss Marlyn appeared at Raby, and then, you know, it was to be for the disastrous extinction of the old family name ; and see what accompanied it -I may say, what was brought about by it-a great scandal- mur der, suicide, and the predicted utter obliteration of the ancient name of Shadwell ; and she had the mark of a star in her left hand, also-it tempts one to super stition." The vicar smiled sadly. "And I hear at intervals, of the wanderings of that mysterious young lady, with a kind of interest-though I never liked her -and I should not wonder any day to learn that her clothes were found standing upright and empty, in her room, the form, that had filled them, vanished, like the lady in the German legend, you recollect, who had returned to her husband from the grave. But the sun is near the edge of tho distant wood, and I've been delaying you, so let us be on." So we turned towards Raby, and for a time,., in silence, pursued our way thinking, and then talked of the neighbours, and their haps and mishaps, and sayings and doings, till the moment came for a kind farewell. Baby is untenanted. But its wild and noble scenery, tho picturesque ruins of WynderfeL and thc awful glen of Feltram, draw many a tourist and wandering artist to visit its haunted grounds- These memorials of a more famous face remain, but Shadwell of Wy derfel, or of Baby, a title whioh we meet with often in old country chronicles, and which mingles historically with others in the lists of splendour and of war, will turn up no more. It is " A LOST NAME." THE END. Iggp" A nevo talo of great interest will be commenced in owr next issue. 