DIOCESAN SYNOD. TUESDAY, MAY 17. The annual session of Synod was opened on Tuesday. At half-past 11 o'clock a number of clergy- <*> men and laymen met at Trinity Church where tbe Holy Communion was administered by His Lord "hip the Bishop of Adelaide, assisted by the V«y liev. Dean Russell, the Yen. Arch deacon Marryat, the K?a. Canons Coombs and l)ov<j ; and the Hcv. fi. Reid. His Excellency the Governor, attended by the Private Secre tary (Mr. O'HaUoran), was present. After this : service the Bishop delivered his I Pastoral Addbess, 1870. "Rev. and deal Brethren—la all history, civil or religions, there occur epochs—times, when a change becomes apparent in the thoughts and spirit of the age. Old forms pass away. The grace of^tlitir fashion has perished. They give place to others more suited to new ideas and aspirations. Society tikes a fresh departure on the voyage of the future. " The eternal verities, however, of religion and morals remain unchanged because un changeable; nor are the outlines of the Church of God, after the lapse of age?, or of the inner life of that Church, less dis tinct to the Christian's eye than when first traced by the finger of the .Spirit on the page of revelation. Critics, indeed, aud expositors may dispute about the jot* and titties of the manu script ; bat spiritual and enlightened reason will take its stand on * the faith once delivered to the saints;' 'the form of sound words' in which it was delivered; and the apostolic in stitutions borne wif. <s to from the beginning, in all times and piano- r.y the untrersal Church. The overthrow of J'.. ,'inisni :,%.{ the civil es tablishment of Chris'iaiiity under (^onstantinc ; the completion by iJrc-^.iy ilia Groat of the Church system of It .me .-j..i tli-; asceuilancy of its tiishop ; the P-;j?:il iheaciacy iuaugarated by HUtcbrand, the 7th tiregory ; the freedom of Churches and tiiuii- reformation achieved by Liv her, all form tiislicct epochs in ecclesias tical history, r.nd at tbe present day we witness one of no less iaiportauc.-, viz.. the epoch of 'religious liberty and equality' for all com munions, and for every individual. "It concerns us indeed, much whether clergymen or laymen, to ma?k well the ' times and seasons'1 in which our life is c&st;, lest we waste our efforts in the endeavor to re store a past which cannot be recalled, or mould the present after the fashion of bygone ages. A Pope may assume per sonal infallibility, and the autocratic episco pate of the world. He may oppose a syllabus to the advancing tide of modern thought, bat the waves will still flow onward. A wiser monarch of old exposed the folly of his courtiers by receding in time, lest lie should be over whelmed. " Our reformed branch, then, of the Catholic Church should not be blind to the present epoch. The Church policy r.f Queen Elizabeth has come to an end. The disestablishment ac cordingly of the Irish Church has set at rest many questions which during the last twenty yeara have perplexed the colonial Churches. A'oic at least they are clearly seen to be unesta- Wsked— unconnected with the State, except so far as they are still under the supremacy of law with regard to their property and the personal rights of their members. " The legality also of our Synodal compact was formerly questioned. Now that the Irish Church is basing its organization on such an agreement, it will be conceded that a voluntary association, such as the Church of this diocese, can only maintain its internal discipline on the basis of a compact resting neiihcr on Royal pre rogative nor on Imperial legislation. *• Anticipating as we did*in 1835 this conclu sion, this diocese had for fifteen years carried on its independent action, having first bound itself by a constituent declaration to the closest fellowship ii> doctrine, discipline, liturgy, rites and ceremonies, with the Church of England. Though, no part of its establishment, we are, I trust, and shall continue to be, essentially a branch of the zreat Anglican Communion. "A necessary consequence of our legal posi tion, as & Voluntary Independent Diocesan Church, is the necessity of adopting, by our own free consent, ecclesiastical regulations, which in the Mother Church are imposed by law. As an example of -what I mean, I may allude to the revised order of lessons to be read in the daily service, and more especially on the festivals and Lord's Days, recommended by the Boyal Commission. It appears to commend itself to the general acceptance of tiie Church at home. As far as I have been able to examine it, I believe both in its omissions and insertions, as well as its arrangements of lessons for a third service on Sundays (where it is needed), to be a real improvement. Time, however, must elapse before Convocation and Parliament concur in this wise reform of the Prayer-Book. It may be well therefore for this Synod to pass a regulation approving the new Lectionary, and leaving the Bishop to introduce it. into the i diecese so soon as it shall have received the ap proval of the Queen in Council. It would be undesirable to alter the present arrangements of lessons until a definite order can be substi tuted for it. " I do not find that the Ritual Commission has made any recommendation with regard to ceremonial observances or vestments of the clergy. Pending tie trial of certain clergymen for introducing or reviving obsolete ceremonies and ornaments, any interference with the action of the law and its judical authori ties was felt to be a greater evil than patiently waiting for legal investigation and judicial decision. Many practices of a novel character have consequently been pronounced 'illegal.' Loyal submission to the lavt thus declared, rather than paltry evasions of it, will, I trust, characterise those ministers of our Church at home whose emotional and imaginative dispositions have led them beyond the sober ; i:nplicity of Anglicm ceremonial and vesture, 'i'he 53 Canon will, perhaps, be made the 1 g.l guide for this matter. ** >i...ther subjxt growing cut of the rc visiou vi the Lectionary is that of a proposed revision of certain passages in the authorised version of th* Holy Scriptures. The considera tion <f tiiii importune suhject has lieen re comrrc ;.ded by the ISishops to the Lower Hon eof the Convocation of Canterbury. This step i>, f believe, call, d for l.y the advanced state of linguistic criticism, as well as by borne acknowldd/>.-d cnons in the present translation. It is the clear opinion of the learned prelates who have sanctioned tills movement that no portion whatever of the lec^h'ed doctrine of the Church of Tsgland will be weakened or ino<h£i •. I by it. Truth and honesty require that the Word of Col shouM be offered to mankind in its genuine form and its (rae mean ing. It the discovery of ancient manuscripts, and desper acquaintance with the 3"astern languages, shall Ire sen the authority of certain special texts, still in tbe revised version Divine truth will be set forth with greater certainty and precision. We need in no wise lose our time-honored version; and if the co-operation of learned Nonconformists were received it would be still the Bible of the whole Eoglish speaking population of the world. A different type would readily indicate the passages not resting on the best authorities, and the new translation might be interpolated in the old within brackets, or at the foot of the page. " During the last session of Synod we con sented to establish in connection with the other Australian Dioceses, through means of a Ceneral Synod, an Appellate Tribunal, to take cognizance under the Metropolitan or Primus of doctrinal causes referred to itjfrom tbe Diocesan Courts. Another important subject remitted at that time for consideration to a Select Com mittee was, the mode of electing our future Bishops. This duty has devolved on as in con sequence of our legal independence of the Eng lish Establishment Happily, we are in no want of precedents to guide us in tbe choice of plans—we have the Scotch, Irish, American Canons, as well as the practice of the Uni versal Church from the first. The main object of our endeavors on this subject should be to eliminate from this solemn act as far as possible the influence of momentary excitement and party passion, ll should be done assuredly *as unto tuc Lord, and not unto men.* The appoint ment to be made should f ecure the largest pos i sible amount of unanimity. *' The practice of the Universal Church from the beginning, and followed ia the Scotch, American, and Irish branches of our Episcopal , communion lias beeu, that the clergy should nominate oue or more caudidates for tbe office, 1 and that the laity should concur with them in sekcting tho most approved. To this , practice the American Church has given its adhesion; and the plan thus deliberately 1 adopted in a Church where lay influence ia un i doubtcdly great, and individual opinion enjoys the fullest scope, has in its favor the weight 1 derivable from such considerations. " Tho Irish branch of our Church, with its i two thousand clergy, organising itself as a free and voluntary association has adopted a ', similar arrangement. "It appears also that the Convocation of Canterbury his appointed a Committee to re -1 port on this subject. Under these circum stances I think it would be wise to defer the adoption of any flan for this diocese until we ' have had the benefit of such enquiries. To ! the English or Irish Clergy recourse may probably be had in filling up this See. Ie is important, therefore, not to diverge more • than is absolutely necessary from the or ganic arrangements of our mother Church, now partly disestablished. Much angry feeling, indeed, and many fears have been elicited by that strong ac: of power which after 300 years separated the Irish Chnrch from the State. But that connection only identified it in the minds of tho Celtic population with their Saxon conquerors, and furnished a plea for un dying hatred and chrcnic rebelliousness. Re l leased from this fatal prestige of State con nection, the Irish Chnrch will enter, I believe, ' upon a new career of missionary effort, and feeble most be the faith as well as cold the love which fails to bid her ' God speed in that holy war.' ! " While thus contemplating the great changes which have already taken place, or are immi nent in tbe Church of England, whether in her ' revised Lectionary, or proposed revision of the ) authorised version of the Scriptures ; or the ap pointment of eufixagan bishops; or the disestab lishment of the Irish Church; or in the greater elasticity given to our Liturgy by the permitted separation of its services, we can hardly fail to own the hand of Providence over ruling to good the revival set on foot among , the clergy 40 years ago, when the desire sprung up to restore a. more primitive church lite by daily services and closer adherence to the spirit \of the Prayer Boot. Bigotry alone will deny |to these men self-denying seal and disinter r csted laboroosness in their sacred calling. That they in many cases have gone from us, or to [ the verge of error in some points of doctrine and j discipline, is the conviction of the great body of the clergy. But the impetus which has been , given by them to pastoral earnestness is un doubted. The old rigidity of a legal establish ment has yielded to this influx of new-born [ zeal, and never were the Anglican Clergy ani , mated with sincere devotedness or presided I over by a more distinguished hierarchy. We . may fairly expect, therefore, when the ' j true interpretation of the law concerning [ Ritualistic practices is ascertained, that some , authoritative directory will be issued, or tbe aid of Parliament invoked, to check i innovation under the plea of doubtful or disused Rubrics. Meanwhile, acting on the j principle * Let every man be fully persuaded r in his own mind, 9 may St. Paul's spirit of for bearanca also, neither judging, nor despising, t nor offending one another prevail among us, f being assured that whatever 'is not of God , will come to nought.' " It remains for me to notice the subject of i national education, which of late his been I much under discussion both here and in Eng j land. In these days an uneducated people must descend to a lower level among the nations of the earth. A good secular educa ] tion, even unaccompanied by direct religious 1 instruction, is surely better than rude nncul . tivated ignorance. The Litter must be the fate I of our rural and pastoral population unless the f State will divert the funds, now in tome measure j wasted on town schools, to the employment of f school teachers throughout the country dis j tricts. Kvery good school in the centres of :. population ought to be self- supporting, or will s be supplemented by voluntary aid, if that aid f be not checked by Government interference. " Hut here crops up, to an extent surprising iv this country, distrust of the voluntary prin r ciple as applied to education. Its efficacy, on s the other hand, in regard to the supply of c religious ordinances, has beeu vaunted above . measure! If by the aid of a moderate ' bonus' r institutes have sprung up all over the country, f why not schools for the young ? WJiy should . the duty of parents and the zeal of friends and i of pastors be set aside or ignored ? Why, with j crippled finances, should Government not avail c itself of the zeal and liberality of the best edu ! cated and best disposed membcts of our com- V inunity, in order itself to set up a dry, . hard system of secular schooling, with nothing in it but self-interests to animate c the teachers or secure the attention of t the scholars? Nor cm we fail to observe % the arbitrary intolerance which proposes . to tax Christians for the support of schools, t and deny all aid to such schools when the 7 truths of the Christian revelation are taught in them to Christian children. Does not this look 1 more like anti-Christian hostility to God's truth 5 than f ear ef sectarian proselytisro? Granting that 7 the latter should be shut out, are there no means I of enlisting voluntary zeal in the cause of national education, while the rights of con t scienoe are protected? Let some such scheme ! be tried before driving into irreconcUeable j antagonism with State schools those bodies , of Christians who deo.-u religious instruc tion an essential part of every-day schooling. \ Let for example— * "L The builders and managers of schools decide whether any, and if any, what religious . instruction shall be given in their schools. The I State in South Australia avowedly has no con [ cern in preventing any more thin providing re t ligions teaching. , "2. Let State Inspectors examine and certify as to the quality of the secular education re [ quired by the Government before any State aid i be granted. "3. In all State-aided schools let the hour be fixed and time limited during which religious i instruction, if any, shall be given; and let no r child attend on such instruction whose parents desire its exemption. ' ', "4. Let tbe Government Board of Education , fix. the list of secular books from which the [ children in State-aided schools are to be in -3 structed. , "5. Let the State require sufficient area for I the numbers taught in every State-aided school. , " 6. Let the -ud available for educational dis . tricts be proportioned to the number of children ' in it of the proper ages to attend school in each. [ "7. Let bonuses be given in the shape of a , capitation fee for each child passed by the In ; Gpectors as properly instructed in secular learn ; ing. "The above scheme has been tentalively acted \on during the last thirty years in England, and [is now in a fair way of becoming a truly national , system. (L) The combination of voluntary . effort with State provision, and unrestricted , action for the friends of education, whether . Secularists or Religionists. (2.) The tenderest . regard towards both for conscientious scruples. (3.) Compulsory State education for idle and destitute children, whose parents neglect the i duty. These seem to be the principles on which , legislation will ultimately be based in England. The adoption of similar views in this colony would at onse quiet apprehension, satisfy the demands of religious opinion, evoke voluntary . liberality, draw into tho profession of teachers , men deeply interested in the moral welfare of their pupils, and, finally, elevate the mental drill of secular education into the dignity and pleasantness of moral training. ; " Before I close this address, it is necessary that I should advert briefly to the resolution No. 4fiB, passed in the lite Synsd. To all ' Ritualistic' or ceremonial acts implying, or calculated to inculcate the Roman view of the mystery of the Lord's Supper, I am, and have always been, opposed. While resolved to maintain the ecclesiastical law of our re formed Church in regard to doctrine, liturgy, holy orders, rites, ceremonies, ves tures, and ornaments in our churches, I feel equally bound in conscience not to strain that law in order to narrow the comprcluensire ness (liberal a3 it is, within Scriptural limits) of the Anglican Communion. I have received no complaint from the wardens or members of any congregation alleging any illegal 'ceremony or ornament' used by ai.y officiating minister during tho ordinary morning and evening prayer, or in the Communion service. It will be well, however, to state that by the decisions of the Court of Arches and Privy Council tbe following ceremonies have been pronounced ' illcgaV In the administration of Holy Com munion, elevation of the paten or cup, and genuflexion or prostration before the table dur ing the Consecration Prayer. 2. During divine Eeiriceany procession ti or round the Church, sieging hymns or Te Deum. 3. The burning of incense generally, and lighting candles, save for the purpose of giving light. 4. In regard to vestments an appeal has been lodged with the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council against the judgment of the Dean of Arches in this matter, that judgment, therefore, has no effect until such an appeal is decided. " With regard to * ornaments' or articles in US2 during the administration of, or subsi diary to, Divine service—other flian vest ments — / hum of none ttscd ia this Diocese which are illegal; such, for example, as a cruetfce, or cross ' with the figure of the Saviour thereon.' This, when not forming part of the arcliitecture of the Church, bnt used as part of the 'furniture of the Holy Table,' is ' illegal.' The Dean of Arches, how ever, expressly declares 'vases of flowers to be legal,' and (floral decorations, 'not used as an additional rite or ceremony.' He deems them ' innocent and not unseemly decorations'—like the ' branches of holly' at Christmas; and ' willow blossoms' on Palm Sunday—very gene rally used from old time in our village and other churches. " After all, brethren, religion docs not consist in ilicsc tilings, but' in rightousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost;' aad I would record my solemn protest against those troublers of our Churches' peace, who, through the laxity of the statute iav, have wilfully revived (against tbe advice of their Bishops) obsolete Jiomanising ceremonial in our Divine services. "I would also affectionately urge my rev. brethren to take heed to the 'weightier matter* of tbe law.' At a time when an un scrupulous criticism assails the text and inspi ration of the canonical Scriptures; when a rationalistic materialism makes a mock of all 'supernatural manifestations'of God to man, rites and ceremonies and decorations are not the weapons which are ' mighty through God to the imlling down tbe strongholds of error.' Conridion is the true origin of effectual per sonal u>ligion; and they who, instead of rea soning like Paul on 'righteousness, temperance, and judgments to come,' address themselves to the sensuous and imaginative part of the human soul, may captivate, indeed, a crowd of wor shipper?, but without promoting the true ' worship of God in spirit and truth.' "It wakes little difference whether the appeal be made by a gorgeous ceremonial, or l.y the powerful voice and exciting action of some revivalist preacher. How different arc these methods from the powerful reasoning and fer vent appsals of St. Paul, addressed to the reason and consciences of men. The embellish ments of religion may suit the cravings of an opulent and luxurious age, which is ever trying to harmonise the worship of God with the ser vice of mammon. But the love of pleasure, lust of the eye, and pride of life mingle with 2eal for the outward form. Let it be your endea vor, rev. brethren, rather to build up in your people sijaple but effectual f*ith, combined with hope and charity: that faith, which of old was content to worship in the ' house,' or ' caves of the earth,' before the light of day, or in the darkness of ' the catacombs.' Then was a pattern of sublime virtue given to the world in all the varied relations of life—masters and slaves, children and parents, wives atid husbands. Are we better Christians Vian they with all our varied modes of religious worship? Let us give, if we will, of our best to God's service, the noblest buildings, the choicest ornaments, the most comely order of divine service, but let us never lose sight of those great Christian verities—'Except a man be born from above he cannot see the kingdom of God, and if we live in tbe spirit let as also walk in the spirit.' When, however, I look back to our last meeting of Synod and re member the freedom at once, and faithfulness, the forbe trance, the candor, and the charity which then on the whole characterised our dis cussions, I do believe th?t that assembly was not lef c without the guidance of the Spirit of God. I fervently pray and hope that a like spirit will govern our present assembly. If there are questions to ba sifted or doubts removed, be persuaded that an honest, loving regard for God's truth is perfectly compatible with gentleness, impartiality, and sincerity. Let us, then, seek the things which make for peace, not by insincere compromise, but by the wisdom which is from above— first pure and then peaceable: easy to be entreated, because always eudeavoting t-> keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace, as well as righteousness of life. The Synod will meet for business at the Church Office this afternoon at 3 o'clock. 