DESCRIPTION OF THE COUNCIL BY A BISHOP — AN AMERICAN CORRESPON DENT—THE QUESTION OF OPPOR TUNENESS—THE GREAT CONSPI RACY — DIPLOMATIC ACTION — RE TRACTIONS—PROGRESS OF DISCUS SION. Our readers may be glad to see a description of the Council by one of its most eloquent members, the Bishop of Hebron. It is a striking contrast, as might be expected, to that which is given every day by men who have never entered it. xne asouie a/ixu jjuwci- ful of this world," says Mgr Mermillod in his recent pastoral, " could smile, nineteen cen turies ago, and scoff at their ease at the Twelve Apostles, gathered together in an upper chamber in J erusalem . Y et the mocking science of Athens, and the brutal policy of the Ccesars, were alike vanquished by the living -nf+ovorl hv that First Council. CirilXX AlACtlUAVJJi J — Since that hour the Church, convoking at fitting moments the great assizes of Christen dom, has repeated the ancient but ever new formula of the Acts of the Apostles, It has seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to Us." After expressing the wish that the faithful could be actual spectators of the present Council, the Bishop continues : " We went out of Jerusalem only twelve, taking with us the right, the duty, and the authority to teach ; Go, teach all nations ; and after nineteen centuries of apos- tolate and martyrdom, we return eight hun dred, of all the tribes and languages of the earth, witnesses of the vitality and unity of the Church, amid the ruins and divisions of the world. On each morning of our Sessions may be seen, bending their steps towards the great basilica of S. Peter, these Bishops from every corner of the globe. All kneel before the altar and worship our Adorable Redeemer Jesus Christ; then, after saluting with respect the tomb of S. Peter, they enter the, Council Hall, and there, prostrate in common act of prayer all assist at the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, ' ' ' At length the delibera tions commence. They are conducted with the most touching dignity and the most complete freedom. Believe not what is said by enemies employed to misrepresent the mission of the Church. Never was there any human assembly which presented in the same degree the marks of mutual respect and independence. We have seen Parliaments and Peace Congresses at their work; we have assisted at the efforts, generous or intemperate, of human reason to promote social development, or to appease the conflicts which rend the world ; and many a tumult arose in such assemblies. But here, at Rome, where every nationality is represented, in spite of this difference of races and of the varieties of early training and education, every one may see ill UILT iree uen Derations me unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace. How should it be otherwise ? Did not our Lord Jesus promise to be with us all days, even to the end of time ? And, moreover, these Bishops do not bring to the Council their personal opinions or private sympathies ; they are the witnesses of revealed doctrine, and they study, with the ardour of a zeal which comprehends both things eternal and present necessities, by what means they may best secure .the defence and the diffusion of the Gospel. Here are the successors of S. Denis, S. Remy, S. Martin, and S- Hilary, who, as a Protestant historian has said, f made the French nations, as bees make a hive.' Here pray and deliberate those intrepid and learned Prelates of Italy, who preserve, amid poverty and persecution, Catholic liberty and science. Here are found the Bishops of Spain, who utter in burning accents tne language of theology. Here rise in their turn the Bishops of Ger many, to testify how doctrines and souls have been subverted by Protestant criticism and exegesis. Here are the Prelates of Belgium and Holland, who unite in their hearts the love of Holy Church with devotion to their own country; and the Pontiffs of Ireland, who during three centuries of suffering have pre served the purity of their faith; and the Bishops of England, who are once more rearing on British soil Catholic institutions. Here we salute the goodly company of American Pre lates, profoundly attached to the Republican form of government, and recounting the mar vellous fecundity of their dioceses amid the free activity of the new races among whom, they dwell. Here also are the delegates of the ancient East, Patriarchs and pontiffs who be long to the chain of uninterrupted witnesses of traditions which ascend to the Apostolic age. Lastly, here we look upon those heroic missionary Bishops, who penetrate where even. TY1 DTP T.T i £1 /qt»ao n ai 4- a! 1 attt nv»rl tttl a v4.c lit o llvu yy j dliu yyj.1l/ with the same hand baptize the heathen and . lay the foundations of civilization. Nothing stops them. Their predecessors died the death of martyrs, and they hasten to tread in their footsteps that they may obtain the same glory. They accejit every form of death with equal serenity. They tell us of their days without food, their labors without rest, and their final hope of the dungeon or the scaffold. They only smile at tortures and death, and nothing equals their heroism except their modesty. The very sight of them brings to our memory the long train of martyrs whose history the Coliseum recalls. The Coliseum has enlarged its bounds, and the whole world has now be come the battle-field of truth. The Church, in the person of her Apostles, is always, like '.ier Master, stretched upon the Cross, hut in her crucifixion she still speaks ; she may suffer and die, hut she converts her executioners, blesses her persecutors, op>ens the way to heaven, and civilizes the world. The contact of these missionary Bishops melt us, their narratives exalt us ; and we feel that our own- struggles against an unjust Press, hostile pre judices, or the antiquated chicanery of law, are poor indeed compared with their combats." Such are the impressions of one who belongs jO the Apostolic company whom he describes, and among whom he is himself not the least distinguished. And now let us hear a witness of another class, from whom we may learn how our brothers of the great American Republic, who won by a single effort the liberties which other nations obtained only after centuries of combat, or have not obtained at all, judge the great assembly of the Vatican, and what they expect it to produce. The Roman correspon dent of the Boston Pilot , of the 5th of March,, addresses these words to his countrymen : — You would be astonished to see the number of Protestants who hang about places here, turning all they see into ridicule. England and Scotland launch out every writer a spawn of this foul-mouthed order. They stop at nothing. The old exploded and worn-out calumnies of years gone by, that are nowhere heard in other places, because even Protestant common-sense has disowned them, are scattered about here ; insults to Catholics, «h amps to Protestants of delicate feelinsr. — — — u Women are the chief hawkers. of these detest able tales, and it speaks volumes for the mild ness of the Papal Government that such things are allowed to exist." Our American friends, who value true liberty, think that a little wholesome coercion would not be out of place in dealing with these representatives of British Protestantism. But the Holy See is prover bially patient and long-suffering. " The Council," continues this writer, " is the full and glorious declaration of the high thoughts and noble aspirations and deep considerations of the 'last three hundred years." No question he observes, will find it unprepared, since all have been meditated beforehand, and among them " the question of the Infallibility of the Pope. When the Pope declares, as Head of the Church, his declaration, ex cathedra as it is called, is to be accepted as of faith. This, is tlie present belief of the Church. It is not formal hersey to deny it, but its denial comes so near heresy that it is a difference more in form than in reality. Now it has been thought that this belief should be raised into a dogma/' The American writer then compares the obser vations of a well-known French Bishop on the inopportuneness of the dogmatic definition with those of the Archbishop of Westminster. " The English Archbishop/' he says, "with a more hereoic faith, thinks the time is ripe for its definition, and that many circumstances in our age demand its promulgation/' He con siders it " very probable that the conditions of government in the two countries have made the distinction. In England the Church is free — that is, it is not a State Church, owes no subjection to the State in its internal laws; hence the acceptation or rejection of a thou sand dogmas, if such a thing were possible, would make no difference to the English Government. But in France the case of the Church and State is entirely different. There the monarch considers his rights interfered with," &c.;, ; and as the other Inopportunist Bishops come chiefly from Austria, he forcibly remarks : " It is, you observe, from countries where the State and Church lie in close con nection that the objection comes." Finally, he adds, that though many American Bishops, who have themselves actually defined the dogma in their own Provincial Councils, " re gard it as sufficiently expressed at present, yet some of them have signed the postulatum asking for its definition/' and that all, "when dis cussion shall cease, will accept with eager hearts the dogm V The foolish correspondent of the Times asked not long ago, "An American phrase for Infallibility ? What can it be P " Here is their answer to his question. Our French contemporaries, encouraged probably- by the energetic language of a vast majority of the bishops and priests of France, who seem to speak more emphatically as the the crisis approaches, continue their efforts, secure of the only approbation about which a Catholic need be solicitous, to impress upon their readers the necessity of that definition which, as several fathers of the Council have not feared to say, "will shortly be promulj gated." With this view they point out how essential it was that the Council should have in its own hands the power of limiting need less discussion, and that the only possible restriction of its Apostolic liberty is that which the Civil Power may attempt to introduce. Gaadagnar tempo , as the Civiltd Cattolica of the 19th observes, is now the watchword of all who conspire against the Council, in the hope that delay may create obstacles to the defini tion, by giving time to temporal Governments to exert their influence. The Monothelites, as the Monde pertinently observes, said to Pope Honorius : " Why should you define whether there be one or two wills in Jesus Christ ? It is not opportune. Silence will be the surest safeguard against new divisious." Unfortu nately Honorius adopted that view, and error sjiread, thanks to his silence, and after twelve centuries still ravages the East. "The lan- guage of the Gallicans at this day," says the Monde, " is exactly that of' the Monothelites : Why define the supreme authority in the Church P We have lived thus far without any definition ; it is opportune/ And would peace really result from the silence of the Pope P Would divisions be healed? What did the silence of Honorius produce? The liberal Catholics in all parts of Europe only wait for thefailure of the Council to become bolder in their pretentions, and to substitute their modern ideas for the tradition of the Church. By the seductive word liberty they beguile young people, and disturb simple minds. The silence of the Church would be interpreted in their favor. If the chiefs of the party persist in their arrogance, the mass at least, who are resolved not to separate from the Church, and are only deceived, would return to the fold. The history of Honorius, which our adver saries use against us, is full of Instruction. Honorius was censured for having left truth in captivity. He did not err in the teaching of the faith, but yielded to perfidious counsels. There is nothing so -opportune as to stop a schism in its commencement . Pius IX. will not favor Gallicanism by his negligence in condemning it. The Bishops assembled in the Vatican will not incur the reproach of having kept silence. They will not foment by neglect a sect which is already formidable." We are tempted to add the words with which Father Philpin de Rivieres, of the Brompton Oratory, concludes his admirable reply to the Second Letter of M. Gratry. This unhappy and condemned priest, a tool in the hands of a faction, had dared to speak of Ultramontanes, that is Catholics, as "a conspiracy of fraud and falsehood." " If the great conspiracy of which you speak," replies Father Philpin, "- embraces in fact the whole of Christendom from the first ages ; if it extended everywhere in the ancient Roman world, in Arabia, in Spain, in Africa, in Gaul, and everywhere also in the modern world ; if the nascent Churches of Australia and America and the Asiatic missions are included in it, exactly like the venerable churches which date from apostolic times ; if, lastly, all its threads are gathered together in the hands of Jesus Christ, and our Divine Saviour is really its Chief, its Author, aud its Source — what remains but for us also to join ourselves to this vast (Ecumenical con spiracy, this conspiracy of Heaven?" The diplomatic manoeuvres with which the -Council was menaced" appear to have collapsed. It seems that no ambassador will be sent, and the French Government has only lost dignity by the imprudent letters of M. Daru. His apologists now discover that the Minister had really no baL intentions, and did not mean anything in particular, and quite forgets what he cUff write, " since he never keeps copies of .his private letters." Such are the secular counsellors of the Pope and the Council ! How many of them will still hold their present offices when the Council has finished its labors ? It has been pleasantly suggested at Rome that M. Daru's ambassador should be sent to spend a few years with Dom Gueranger, to learn theology before he begins to teach the Council. The sole effect of all that has been done to intimidate the Council, as we observed last week, has been to weaken the "opposition." The Nazione . now admits that they have dwindled to forty, and that further desertions may be anticipated. The Vienna correspon dent of the Monde mentions a fact which is fully confirmed by our own intelligence from Rome. Mgr Simor, Archbishop of Gran and Primate of Hungary, in concert with four other Magyar Prelates, has finally declared in favor of the Definition. Is is added that " the Austro-Hungarian Inopportunists will shortly be reduced to two or three, who will certainly not venture to brave the anathemas of the Church." The Liberal journals of Pesth already revile "the deserters." The Cardinal- Archbishop of Vienna, it is further stated in the Monde, " testifies by his latest acts and writings his personal belief in the infallibility of the Pope. The dogma which was to divide the Council and the Church into two camps, as a celebrated inopportunist declared, will be proclaimed with one accord by all the Fathers, with the exception of a very small number of Prelates who are not likely to return to their, dioceses" — probably because the clergy and faithful of those dioceses have so emphatically repudiated Gallican doctrines. We rejoice to hear that the solitary French Bishop, who had complimented M. Gratry, moved by the solemn condemnations pro nounced upon that person by so many of his venerable colleagues, has retracted his letter. " The Bishop of Saint-Brieuc/' says the Ossea - vatore Cattolico of Milan, " expressed to the Holy Father his regret, and his desire to do so in person. The Holy Father received him with his usual benevolence. It is probable that Mgr David will shortly give a public proof of the regret which he feels on account of a letter written in a moment of irrefiection, and pub lished against his will. The hand of God is more and more plainly manifested." It is no doubt-because the Sovereign Pontiff sees the evidence of this truth, and confides in the om nipotent influence of the Holy Spirit, that he lately refused, when solicited by Mgr Steins of Calcutta, and two other missionary Bishops, to interfere in any way with the order in which the subjects for discussion, and especially the great Definition, are to be proposed to the Council. After an interval of eighteen days, during which the Fathers have been examiuing the Schema de Ecclesid, the thirtieth General Con gregation was held on the 18 th. The Primate of Hungary made a report to the Council of the Commission de Fide, after which the Arch bishops of Nisibis and Smyrna and the Bishop of Ivrea addressed the Fathers. The doctrine of the revised Schema de Fide is said to be identical with that originally proposed, but differently expressed. It is thought that the first definition of the Vatican Council, which will be received with joy by all Christians, will be made at an . early date. The next Congre gation was to meet on the 22nd. It is said that there may possibly be a Public Session as early a3 the 25 th. 