THE HR VMA AND THE THEATRE. No. III. (To the Editor of the Protestant St andard.J Sin, — My last letter placed before your readers certain phases which the drama and. theatre present to the clergy, I briefly glanced at each of them, and pointed out. that, while they formed themselves into objections. against certain features of these institutions, they failed to establish any argument for their abolitiou. I also endeavoured to . show that an institution being corrupted, did not, because of its corruption, necessarily demand its own demolition, and that, therefore, some more potent argument for the removal of the drama from our midst was required than mere objections to the evils attendiug and surrounding it. Were I familiar with any argument — emanating from the clergy— which went to show that it ought to be abolished, it would only be fair that I should here introduce it ; and I would certainly do so. But I am not cognizant of any. I have, indeed, listened to graphic relations of the hellward course pursued by actors and theatre-going people — (a truth too true and melancholy, but hot more so than the fact that many of our church-going people, some of whom were never at a theatre, are careering in the same direction) j — I have heard min isters narrate fearful accounts of the cruel delusions into which both men and women have been ensnared through fre quenting the theatre and the dram-shop ; — of the waspish and butterfly existence eked out by theatricals; of the romanti cising influence tho theatre exercised upon youths; of the thieving committed by boys and girls upon their parents and others, for the purpose of theatre-admis sion; and many other unhappy details, which, if chronicled, might well fill an unedifying chapter of authenticated hor rors and miseries. But, while I attach great importance to this black and fright ful picture of the results of theatre inti macy, and while I givo all credit to the clergy for dutiously exposing it to the contemplation of their congregations, I am not blind to a very glaring inconsistency of which they are guiltyin connec tion with this subject. It is this Since they have not proved that, the Drama and Theatre ought to be abolished, on the ground that, these institutions are corr rupted, why, since tlie removal of the corruption would materially ameliorate the evils of which they complain, - - have. , they not taken action towards' this end ? Or, if for the convenience of argument I grant that the Drama ought to be abolished, on the ground that it is corrupted,, why, since the Drama seems destined to exist commensurate with the desire for enter tainment, haoe they . not adopted measures towards the . removal of the evils which form the ground or argument for the Drama's "bolition Or, — (arid I do not approach the confines of hypercriticism in introducing this hypothesis) —if the clergy deem the evils in connection with the drama and the theatre irremediable, or irremovable, and, therefore, consider these institutions irreclaimable, why do they not co-operate to abolish them from our midst ? Viewed from the three aspects which this subject b as j ust assumed, the attitude of the clergy has been, and is, anything but consistent The work of reform does not entirely re-" solve itself into a few pathetic stories or exhortations from the pulpit. The re formation or abolition of the drama re quires something more than a casual allusion to the evils attending the obscenity of a certain play, or the vice which surrounds and accompanies a cer tain theatrical grog or oyster shop. Yet, the generality of ministers will not ven ture further than something like the fol lowing: — "Abstain from those cruel mockeries— those false pleasures, which come to you iu the shape of the ball-room, the saloon, and the theatre !" Now, I quite agree with his reverence, so far as he has gone. But watch him. He goes from the pulpit to his dinner, from his dinner to his library, and from his library to his bed, withoiit ever giving a practical thought to a practical effort towards lessening either of the three evils which he warned his congregation against, and into which he may have his fears some of 'them may still fall. This bandbox kind of religion is far too prevalent. There is too much theory about it— too much of the "Look to. me, and do as I tell you." People — ay, even the most exemplary — have their casual thirst for a little entertainment; and surely, since nature must sometimes slake her thirst at her own streams, the Rev. Mr. So and So might try to purify them of their, impurities. Some may have a hankering after the concert, others after the opera, others after the drama. If, then, the objection of a minister to either of these three (or any other) kinds of entertain ment is based on the assumption . that each and all are tainted with looseness, why does he not, in some way or other advocate and agitato their elevation ? There are many channels which he might enter into for this purpose. He might, for instance, form a mutual improvement society of the youDg men of his congrega tion, and set them into competition with essays on, say — "In what way can we elevate the Drama to a dignified and Moral Position ?" " When the Drama is Reformed, how shall we establish its Popularity ? &c.; He might write a series of letters to a literary or religious journal on the subject ; deliver a lecture now and again ; forbid the sacrament to any of his congregation who, having a theatre and shops as their property, would let them out to such speculators as would demoralise or in any way encouiage vice in their vicinity ; and in many other way < take action in this needful work. It is true, indeed, that the house of prayer should he the resortiug place of the Christian ; and it would bo well if Christians looked upon it, and frequented it, as such. But this re verence and affection, though sometimes strong, often relapses into a hungering after natural sources of enjoyment; and, if we except those who are standing on the brink of the grave, and some who have passed into the scared leaf of their age, few (even . the most religious) are anohored so tightly to eternal and spiri tual ideas as never to desire to swing round to their natural enjoyments. This may be illustrated thus: A young lady is a Christian ; she attends the house of prayer at night, and experiences an ex quisite felicity while following in spirit the words of her- minister's prayer, and while warbling hallelujahs to her God. In the morning— now, this is nature- she feels inclined to sing some favourite song. Though she is" near heaven, she finds she is still on earth. Her soul, though anchored to the celestial is still chained to the terrestial ; and the beauties 6f the latter, though natural, fill up, for a short time, the heart that was Imst night rocked to and fro with lib' heavenly. This will always be the cser while -ire .occupy our uuglorified bodice ; and a consideration of this same truth should of itself induce ministers im dignify with . the religious and moral element those sources of enjoyment er intellectual recreations to which " the heart that weeps and trembles " has so often recourse. The song, the' liker the hymn, the better. The drama, the more moral, the less objectionable. , But evem supposing all professing Christians were to abstain from the concert, opera, and drama— which we need not expect until the heart shall have been translated to » region where it will satisfy itself with satisfaction— it would still be the, duty of the clergy to lend a hand in reforming., the more disfigured institutions of the social world. They are, or are supposed to be, the chiefs of civilizatiou. They are not only ambassadors of God, to deliver the glorious message of the Gospel tar mankind ; but they are foremen among their fellows in directing, superintending and ornamenting the building-up of our social economy, Before passing from the clergy (to give an exposition of my own views upon the drama, and the means I would propose towards not only elevating it from the sensationalism into which it has fallen, but in plaoing it on a more moral ground work than it has yet attained to)- — I would call attention to the manner im- which many of Shakespeare's sentiment are often employed by them Few minister are without a copy of Shakespeare's works iu their libraries. Many are extensively conversant with them. Not a few spice their sermons with his sublime passages. If my lord Bishop, or his reverence is declaiming against strong drink, a senti- ment from Michael Cassio, in "Othello" is often recited " Ok God, that men should put an enemy iu their mouths to steal away their brains ! thaA we should, with joy, pleasance, revel, and ap plause, transform ourselves into beasts." And again — " Every inordinate cup is 'unblessed ; And the ingredientjis a devil !" If my lord Bishop is speaking of the end of this world — as Adoison phases it — "The wreck of matter and the crush of worlds"— three chances to one but he recites: — " Like the baseless fabric of this vision. The cloud-capped towers, the gorgeous palaces, The solemn temples, the great globe itself, Yea, all which it inherit shall dissolve, And, like the insubstantial pageant faded, Leave not a rack behind. Wc arc such stuff As dreams arc made on. and our little life Is rounded with a sleep." Even the priesthood have quoted Shake speare to enrich their lectures ; and onr one occasion a priest ventured to prove that Shakespeare must have been a, Roman Catholic, otherwise he cculd not have made the Ghost in " Hamlet " say : — " I am thv father's spirit, Doomed for a certain time to walk the night. And for the day confined to last in fires, Till the foul crimes done in my days of nature Are burnt and purged away." With as much consistency he might have attempted to prove that Shakespeare wa a believer in witches, since he made one of. the hags in "Macbeth shout':— " When shall we three meet again ?" In thunder, lightning, or in raint > A continuation of this subject' wilt nrmenr in next week's issue. 1 DAYLIGHT! Erratum.— In the fourth line of the verse quoted from' Shakespeare in my letter, in fat A week's issue, for ' hatch a wall," read — " patett- a/wall."- — Daylight . - This sublime passage, according to several critics, i® oho of tho finest ever written by- Shakespeare. It is inscribed on his ttotue n» Westminster Abbey (Poet's Corner). I res- member of reading a conversation which... transpired between an English gentleman or literary taste and a Gaelic poet — (it my memory serves me, the laiq Mr. Grant — on- this passage, Tho English scholar was of" opinion that no book, not excepting tho In spired Volume, contained anything to equal it. The Highlander observed that lie could pro-' duee from the Book of Revolutions a passage on tho same subject which was, to his mind, infinitely more sublime. Ilis friend challenge# him to do so ; whereupon he read the follow- . ing: — " And I saw a great white throne, And Him that sat on it — From whose face the earth and the heave Fled away and there was no more sea. And I saw the dead, small and great, Stand before God." &C.; The gentleriinn, for a moment, was staggered! he took the Book from tho other, and, afte reading the verses quoted, acknowledged tow Scriptural picture of tlie end of all things to MB much move natural and appalling than t!.- Shakesperian. The story says that the gen«e- man was inspired with a " new taste fortl Old and New Testament. I may here remarA that as the Inspired Volumodoea HOt-profe Oa'beii lwok'of jmetical sentiments,' it' shows MytliiBEf bat eandonr. .to"> bring; the select wnrsesofour firstpoetsinto competition with «t. . Yet, inany persons' are guilty of this, especially such as are tainted with infidelity. T%ey seem to imagine that if they can cits a -fiassage from the poets which can tickle the fancy more than' any verse to be foHnd in Holy Writ, the declaration of its being inspired as ' materially weakened, and laid opeh to uektion. They evidently are ignorant of the design and nature Of the Word, and evince a gritiful childishness in supposing that it was enritten, as most poetical works are, to capti vate the imagination and the senses. Dictated r the Spirit of the Almighty, the Book of I Hooks was written by different pens, in different places, and in different ages, chiefly 4e reveal the mind of God towards mankind, to explain His will, and to point to the Messiah S the only Being under Heaven whereby sal vation (eternal happiness) could be procured, notwithstanding this, the sublimest passage «f our poets, in whatever language couched ffiave been enriched by its sacred beauties ; and «n it, if we otty search, will be found passages, compared with which the productions of a Homer, a Shakespeare, or a Hilton are as amthing. 