A CONSCIENTIOUS PARISH CLERK. Your most obedient servant, G. G. An English parish clerk is generally an im- <*> portant functionary, He is half an ecclesias- <*> tical officer, and in his own opinion, at least, is a pillar of the Church. It is quite true that the advance of civilization and education has robbed off some of the peculiarities which used to distinguish the pariah clerk, bat there are parishes in the remoter districts of England in which the species, -with its most markad peculiarities, is still to be found. Such an one roust have been the writer of the subjoined letter. It is tile finest specimen of cringing servility, nncta*os pious talk, and shrewd worldly wisdom that we have met with for a long time. "G. O." must be a lineal descendant of Dr. Arbnfhnot's I" P. P.," that memorable parish dark, over whose happy memoirs our great grandfathers used to laugh :— The Whitdtaven BeraXd. publishes the follow ing latter, which it Bays was actually sent to his incumbent by the clerk of a parish in the diocese of York, under circumstances which are sufficiently suggestive in the document:— Dear?ev. Sir—l avail myself of the oppor tunity of troubling your honor with these bfun dered-up lines, which I hope you will excuse, -which is the very (ssntiiaents of your humble servant's heart I ignorantly, rashly, but re luctantly gave warning to leave your highly respectable office and most amiable duty—of your most wdl-wished parish and place of my succor and support. But, dear sir, I well know it was no fault of yours nor from any of my most worthy parismonffrn. It was because I Hiought I were not sufficiently paid for tiie in terment of tiie silent dead. But win Ibe Judas and leave the house of my God the place where His Honor dwelleth, for & few pieces of diver? Hot Will X be Peter, and deny myself of an office in His •anctuary, and cause me to weep bitterly? Hoi Can I be so unreasonable as to deny to ring the solemn toll that speaks tiie departure of a soul? Ho! Can I leave digging the tombs of my neighbors and wiumjMmiwh, which have many * tune made me to shudder aad tiiink of my mortality when I dig up the lemain? of some aa IweDknew? No! And can Iso abmptly for sake the service of my beloved church, of which I hare not failed to attend every Sunday for thews seven and a. half years, save one? No! Can I leave waiting npon yon as a minister of that Being that fdtteth between the cherubim, and thatsitteth npon the wings of the wind? No! Can I leave the place where our most holy service nobly calls forth and says—and I being a married man—"Let no man put asunder ?" No ! And can I leave that ordinance where you say "Thus and thus I baptise thee in the same of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and become reganerated and grafted into the body of Christ Jesus?" No! Can I think of leaving off «i««?i?ig the house of God in which I take such a delight, in looking down her aisles and beholding the sanctuary of file table of the Lord? No! And can I forsake taking a part in the thanksgiving of women after childbirth, when my own wife has been delivered these ten times? No! And can I leave off waiting on the congregation of the Lord, which you well know, sir, is my delight ? No! And can I forsake the table of the Lord, at which I have feasted for, I should suppose, full thirty times? No! And, dear sir, can I ever forsake yon, who have ever been so kind to me? No! And I well know you will not entreat me to leave, nor return from following after you, for where you pray there will I pray, where you worship there will I worship; your church shall be my church, your people my people, and your God my God. By the waters of Babylon am Ito sit down and weep, and leave Uiee and my church, and hang my harp upon the trees that grow therein? No! "One thing have I de sired of the Lord which I will require, even that I may dwell in the House of the Lord for ever, to behold the fair beauty of the Lord, and to visit His temple ; more to be desired by me than gold—yea, than much fine gold; sweeter to me than honey or the honeycomb." Now, Sir, this is the very desire of my heart to wait upon you, which I hope you will find to be my delight, which hitherto has been, but I unthinkingly and rashly said I should no longer, for which I have roared for the very dis quietness of my heart. Now, if yon think me worthy to wait upon yon, please tell the Churchwardens all is reconciled; and if not* I will get me away into the wilderness and hide me in the desert in the clefts of the rock. Bat t still hope to be your Gehazi, and when I meet my Shunamite say, " All is well." And I will conclude my blunders with my oft-repeated prayer—"Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost, as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end. Amen. 1' Now, Sir, I shall go on with my fees the same as I found them, and will make no more trouble about them; but I will not—l cannot—leave von nor my delightful duties. 