lath ekglisii news. From the European Mail of Slav 20 The wool sales lliis mouth have gone »-ff, on .the whole, fu voir ably to importer. Thoy nrtractcd a very fuli attendance of buyers, nu-J duriug the eociiiJ week of their cootiuuunco prices udvaticcd i'l. tu 1«1. per pound. upon the rotes that ruled at the lost series, A . very large portion of the wool offored wa purchased for foreign cuDsutupfioo, ond tbi.- ,js naturally considered os no indication of the v increasing prosperity of the continental wool'cn trade. 1 «m told that ono lot of eevcuty-sevrn bales of Queensland wool re- allied as much os 4d. a pound more than the uruticr jiuq vuiucu ii ut ueioro tno sales. j>ir. J. 0. White has arrived in England from lirisbnno. He Iiub cnino here to report upon wool for the benefit of the squatters in Queens land. He has bceo attending the May wool (salcs and bos seen tho biokcrs. I understand ho is about to start to tho north of England to pursue his enquiry among tho tnunufac- : turers. He has never I ecu in England before, and I inn sorry to hear that liu is suffering .from indisposition. A Youno Incendiary.— Fanny Bradloy, aged thirteen, servant to Mr. Rollin, grocer, SffiDton, ha? ben charged at Kothcrliam, with attempting to set firo to the dwelling of Charles Pushley, lahourcr, a neighbour of her em ployer's. The prisoner placed a rug and cushion on tho fire in u back room of tho house duriog prosecutor's absence Tho fl-uncs were extin guished In time lo prevent the furnituro from becoming ignited, uud tho prisoner at first charged a strange mun with the offence, but, on buing opprohendod, she confessed tho crime, » woll as other offences cf a serious ohornctor. She snys sho only intended to frighten tho prosecutor, against whom she had no ill- feeling. A TBttttiBt.B tragedy took plnco at an inn at Barnstoplo, on May 7 A neighbouring farmer, whoso heavy libatiunB prevented his saving tho last train, slept at the White Lion. Tu the night he arose, and, on returning to Ins bed mistook the room, and entered that of tho land lord, wbo>Q uaioo is Yeo. Tho landlord whoso excesses seem also to have been esteu aivo, awoko in terror, oud, chinking tho intruder was a robber, qbtuiucd o raizo r, and attacked the unlucky farmer, cuttiug ofT bis nose, and inflicting uthor frightful wounds. Another lodger, named Jones, como to tho roscuo, but was bIso frightfully wounded. Yoo is in custody, and states that bo thought the men wero robbora. \- Murder of a Wife in Liverpool.— At tno Liverpool Police-court, on May 0, Robert Chester, a miserable-looking middle-aged man, yos brought up, charged with having caused tno death of his wifo. It appeared tho prisoner and deceased lived in- Malt- street, Windsor, and. that they had been outdriuking, and when thoy wont homo tho prisoner had iu his pos- session a shilliug, "which his wife attempted to got from him, . Tor that purpose she put hor arms around hi in. a fiUttfllrt nnailnfj nnrl till. I... fell duivn u flight of stuirs At tho bottom, tho prisoner cumuir need kicking hor in tho nbd.minn, ond tlien loft tho imuso. Tho nn- fortunoto womon died shnrily nftrnrords. A Chapter op Accidents at Hedditcii.— A short tiioo ngo, as a corriogo, conveving a wedding parly, was proceeding from tho rail way station, Heddilch, it caiuo in collision with a mnn named Enoch lSlundoll, and tho wheels of tho vchiclo passed over his hend. Tho vehioio was overturned, and ihreo Indies— Jlisa < is i ' ' Emma Ilartlcs, and Miss Anna wero thrown out, being tnoro or less injured.— As a boy named Houghton was driving up Evcuhniu-sliect in a enrt, ho wos thrown out, hut not seriously injured. In Bromsgrovo ltoad, a liorso belonging to Mr. Ilinos, buildor, bolted, and throw tho man in ohargo.— A cart, filled with boya, was also up- jot"! ono of tho toys, tho St of Mr. Jumos Clarke, builder, receiving scrcro injuries, Shocking Death op Two Children.— 1 Two okildren, named Hubert and I.nwrenoo Clurk- snn, ngail seven and four years, wero recently burnt to tleaiii in a pigsty, at Lythom. Four children wont into tho styo aud sot lire to tho materials. Instaully thoy and tho stvn ii.nlf wore enveloped in flames. Tho children's Shrieks of fright and agony attracted a largo number of naiiic-strickon neighbours, who on- ilenvoured frantically to extricnto llio littlo victims from tho Amies. Aftor somo dolny, owing, to tho difficulty of access to tho styo tucy wore brought out, the two children of ClnrksuD being then dead, and their bodies charred uud horribly disfigured. Tho two Other ohildrcn woro so roriously burned that Ibeir rooi'vory is doubtful. A Vtt.LAQE Destroted bt Fire —The vulauo of Jlroadclysi, four uiilcs from Kx-tcr, has been almost destroyed by a lira which l roko out on April 27, and destroyed no less than fifty. mno bouses. Only cightcun houses remain in tho village; most of tho inhabitants ore burnt out, aud will imvo to Cud shelter as m ?? Clla' , No rrvisicns wero to bo ' obtained in tho plnco. Tho property destroyed belonged to Sir Thomas Aolond, whoso son, P., with other gontlomen, wore on tho spot and used every effort to supply foud and shelter to the sufferers. It is supposed that the conflagration was caused by Z rZ q T cU"a,,c> of an «» which was ll lrii fr1' of doslrui"i»n ns tho ; 11 . = EvonJolyst now presents can scnrcely bo imagine), and no description can convoy nny adequate idea of tho damago tho firo has douo. ||y (hi, calnurfty nearly 250 persons aro rendered houseless. Tim totll destruction ofolothos, furniture, and tho stuck of small shops has thrown this largo number of persons on tho protection of tho district. Whilst woll assured that extreme destitution will bo nllaviotod as inueh as possiblo by tho benifl- ennoe of Sir I homas Dyko Aoland ond others of the neighbourhood, it is deemed most lesirablo to supplouiedt their oharitublo work by soliciting the aid of those who ' may sympathise with tlio misery now existing, end help thereby to reiustato tho cottagers in a now home. Another groat robhery of jewols has bcco effected. oud £10,000 worth of jewellery Stolen from tho residenco of Air. and Lady Margaret ileaumout, iu P.ccadilly. It is sum posed that tho erimo was porpetrated by tho same band of burglars who lately robbed the house of tho American Minister aud of Ludy iNupier. A rewurd „f £1000 has boon offered. Ioutiifui, Depravity —At Uow-street recently a printer, redding at 20, Duko-strcet. Lincoln s Inn Fields, named Joseph Hamilton! "touded before Mr. Flowers, with hisdnughtci. Lhzah?th (Uimlton, ten and a half years of ago, of whoso conduct ho seriously complained Ha slated that be had taken groat pa»n« io irnogiug the girl op, but iu spito of.the kiudoei? # be received, ond tie comfort of a good home, sho robbed him of every tmall bit of wearing apparel or anything she could lay her bands upon. She also mixed with very bad companion?, ond although she was of such tender years, tho frequently stayed out with them tho wholo night ood conducted licrsclf most improperly. He did not like the girl scot to prison, lut bo found it totally impos sible to control her or to reform her in nny way, aud be had determined to seek the advice of the magistrate on the subject. Mr. Flowers tried to question the girl, but 6ho remained very sullen. After some little consultation had taken place, it was suggested that the girl should bo for a short timo imprisoned in a cell by herself, and told if sho continued her depredations sho would bo imprisoned for a lengt hened period. She was accordingly locked up, n nd after having bcco left in thecclls for a few hours was again brought before the magistrate. She still remained sulky, and did: not appear to have been affected in tho slightest degree by her short incarceration. Mr. Flowers said he should certainly adviso the father tochurgo his daughter with stealing ono scarf and a pair of gloves, which she had in ber possession, having taken them that day from his house. Mr Flowers then remanded the prisoner for a week, and observed that in tho meanwhile it would bo ascertained if thcro was a vaeancy in ono of the industrial schools. Tho gill was subsequently removed to tho cells, where she for the first time burst out crying. A Uouriiile Tragedy is reported from. ILUinioro. A woman named Citherino. Marsh, who lived with liar mother und four cbildron in a liouso near Loloir Market, proceeded to District School fto. 18, aud culling out ber son James, oged eight years, cut his throat from car to car,. neatly soverir.g Lis bead from bis body. A ,1!| tlo boy ontned Burnett came out of school with Jnmc and witnessed the murder. Mrs. Marsh also bttcmptcd to murder the boy Burnett, but bo ran aud escaped. Sho thon returned to her homo and went into the back yard; where another son, William, aged seven years, wa9 swinging, his little sister Mary Jane, oged four years, being at play near bv. - Sho next se'zi'd hold of Willfom nml m-.t his throat, cnusiug instant death, and imme diately grasped hor little girl, and, applying hor weapon, cut off ber head. Sho then went into tho homo and cut tho throat of her youngest child Goorgo, oged two years ond five months. The head was nearly severed from tho body. She next assaulted her mother, aged about fifty-four, and very feeble, cutting Iter throat 60 terribly that it was impossible for her to survive. Mrs. Mnrsb is about twenty-seven years of ago, and was undoubtedly temporarily insane when committing tho mur ders. Alive in the DEAD-nouse— The San Francisco ' Alta California gives ,an account of tho experience of a Gorman who was sup posed to bnvo died in that city, and whoso uuuy wus unmeutaiciy removed aud placed in tho dood-houso nttnclied to tho hospital in vthioh ho lini boon under treatment : "Tho body reus deposited in n enso nlioro two other bodies bud already boon placed, and between tb'em. Tho coyer was put on, and tho keeper of tho dead-bouso retired for tbo night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling or the most unearthly character was heard in the dead-house. Tho keeper of tho deed-house wns sought efter, but, being nweru-of what ho was required to do, ho sought concealment, preferring to-let tho ghosts fight it out among themselves rather than atcmpt to became peacemaker. II hen at lhst ha was prevailed upon to proceed-, to tho- dend-houso and open tho door, the ghostly form of the German, whoso lifo had been a few hours previously pronounced extinct, and who had been dressed in tho robes -of tho dead, stood before him. Tho keeper fainted outright, while tho ibrri- fied German rushed lioadlSng through tho long halls and corridors of tho building, spreading dismay aud terror as ho went. Snino moro courageous than tho rest caugiit and arrested him 111 his fruntic career, but the next inslhnt tbo poor Gorman full on tho floor in a fit. Tho nhvfiininn imq nnnf Fnw . wkA ....... A- 1 . ...... I,... uuu icaiuraiives UECn, uy which he was rostorsd to consciousness. How ho felt when he returned to conscious- ncss, wo giro as lie told it himself Vcl, vcu I got sick and rss in bed that day, tho doctor canio to mo and said I vos very sick. Ho vent away, and after ho vent I fell asleep. 1 knew nothing moro til I voke in the night! and there was no light. I put out my hand, and I could get no bed' clothes, for I vas cold. I don put my hand to von sido to try for tho bed clothes, and, oob, vat you tliiak 1 got— vy a ded nion.I Dero be wos, cold enough sure I roared mid all the power I had, and vas going avay by the otbor sido, vrn, sure, I put luy hand on another. Then " I roared, and oollod, nnd cnod out all I conld, and ven I was getting up my bead struck a board that was covering me. -< Oh," said I, " vat docs this mean, vcro am I? Ant I dead ?" and I roared nnd bawled, and threw off tho cover and jumped about as if I vas mod. And I knocked ot tho door vid my bands and feet but nobody would open it for mo, oud I r iujR !f Jot! I vas riot sliuro. l iian tuo den matt a drnsa «n ma a i..» ai._ _ door qponcd, and vou I looked at tho mnn vat- opened it ho fell down inid font, and I ran till I voscnu"lit. Then I fainted, and ven I come to myself I thought it was a dream. But it is as truo as I am Iiero.' ". A lady in Michigan is said lo have recently recovered bar reason after being insane twent/- tliroo years. The interval lias been a blank, ,ofwl'0-.mT ?. "Ti,lly wl,alevcr occurred he ri" r y, pUZZ,cs l,or ,IC! ago " al occurred a few weeks lntor'oJ" Pnh S, W,tt-TI'0 will of the Into George 1 cabody was admitted to probnto on April 13 it, Essex County, Massachusetts. It appears that he left only about $150,000 tho wholo of which is bequeathed to his rc Jadves. inot1"1!6®1'' for chnmP'O0ship of America look place on May 10, near New Orleans,' between James Maco and John Allen. Ton rounds were fought, lasting forly-fonr minutes. James Maco was the winner. Torn Alien had his 6bouldcr dislocated. Destruction of a Cotton Mill.-- The Co-operative Company's Cotton Mill at West Houghton, near Bolton, was burned to the ground on May 2. The fire is supposed to have originated in consequence of the friction of one of the cog wheels, which required oiling, this set fire to some cotton waste lying near. The damages are estimated at from £30,000 to £40,000, which sum is covered by insurance. Between 400 and 500 persons will be throwg out of employment. Large. Fjre jn Hull — An extensive fire broko out in Hull on May 3, on tho north sido of Victoria Dock, which fur & uiile aad u half is occupied with timber yards. Ouc- fdurth of this length was one sheet of flame, illuminntiog tho country for mites. Tbo stacks of deals whou half consumed toppled over, intensifying tbo fiauocs aud iocreasing the confusion. Somo of tho shipping was ou firo for a short time, but tho vessels wero hauled away. Hundreds' of men wero en gaged io throwing timber into tbo dock to limit tho firo. Ono youth was killed. The mariucs from II.M.S. NVyvcrn wero called out to os?ist in subduing tho firo. 