SMAHBON'S ARMY AFTER THE, BATTLE OF W.~RTR. The Siecle, writing of the military situa tion, says :-" The defeat of M'Meaon. has been terrible-we must be outspoken--more disastrous than we. thought. se has told us officially that he brought off 18.000 Sup. pose de Failly had formed a junction. with him, our right wing would even them consist of only 50;00: This army seemed yesterday to be between Saverne and' 8arrebourg,. on the road from Stnasburg to Nancy. The army of the Crown Prince, notwithstanding itslosses, must still amount to 120,000, and we must not forget that they are flushed with victory. On, this.ide, therefbre,. the situation is serious-very serious, In the centre the evil is less the? we supposed. The defeat of Frossard at I'orbach has not been so disastrous as we thought. His corps has succeeded in effecting its retreat to Put telange, and probably by to day it will, have effected a junction with Basaine. The loke however,, must have been very severe. B~I sine has now under him 183,000 men almost intact. Well commanded,, wisely, directed, this army may form the rampart of France But we must not deceive ourselves; we must not rock ourselves in delusions. The task of 'this army is arduous The dilculties it has to overcome are formidable. The Prussians 'who fought at Forbach do not seem to have exceeded 64000, about the half of the first Prussian army, commanded by General Steinmetz.. The entire force of the second German army, that of Prince Frederick Charles, is, according to the smallest com putation, 160,00, who have not yet fixed a I shot. This army seems to have debouched I from Bliecastel on Saarguemines and -lohn I ba to effect a junction with that of Stein metg: This junction must hage alr.ady taken place. We'calpt eatimate at lessi than 240,000 the awsses of Germans who, have entered Lorraine, and who are.mnarching pro. bably on Nancy or Frouard, the junction of the railways from Paris to Metz and. StrasL burg, and who are maniuvring,i o doubt to pre'ent the jpnction of. M`'1ahon with Baz saine. Can battle ii, the open country be given to such enormous forces with ,any prospect of succeq ?. Would it not be wiser Sto fail: back on the liip of the Meuse ,arst, Sthen on the. Iara ifi necessary, thus pre t serving the fprges who havq not yet been f engaged, ard giving time Go the patriotism of the nation to organise itself foi a supreme ,effort under the walls of 1'aris P" A letter in the Siecle, dated, Nancy, A August 9) says :r-"After the defeat of the ,Frebh. at WoQrth they retreated Qa Saarene, where they encamped. When the news. arrived in, the latter place a panic seized the S.townpople. All the hoq~easwere closed ehotels, cafes, beer houses. I was scarcely e half, an hour in my chamber when the land' lord entered, and told me to leave as soon as eI could, for he was going to conceal himself in, the monuntaina of, the Vosges,. I was r shortly in, the street, and beheld hundreds d taking the paths which lead to the mountains. i Tlp army also thought it wise to retreat, land i?fall back on, Saarbourg:. Not being * able to follow the army, Ifollowed the people on foot, ys neither vehicles, nor, horses. were etp be. hbad, 1 lgf my, luggage in, the house of a person. whom I dQo.not know, and who had the politeness to open the door ad R itch, it.ipsid when he locked the door,,and w ?as off. o the hl~ efast as his feet and ;lega, could cairr him, I do, not know ex! Sactly where they are going, but I know wherq. thl crowd ia.going, and. wat a crowd -old. me,. women with their babies, and d little girls f. soma four yearsclimbing acrcss ,chamois paths, gries, tears, and- desolation. e1 asksome persons whom I hear speaking !French. where we are goipg .and when will e our jpurney, come t.an. ends I am told: we are going: to a plateaul where. we.will encamp for the night as.beat we can, after a Jpurney i of five or six hours. Ii regret that I did not l remain, at Saverne, and fpaq the Prussians. At midnight the grnA p of'men, women, and children stopped at somq village the German '. ume.of which.Iforget. At 5;in the, morn ing I was able to.leave in.a vehicle which I ,happened. to preure, and which broyght, me to Saarbourg at 4.in the e'ening , ~lhere I s:foi~d the corps d'armee of, M'ahon terribly ,cut up, many of the soldiers without arms, 'sacks, or, any other.kind of equipment. One 0 man told me had nothing to eat. but potatoes Sfar four dAys. " Bills are posted, on the walls of Nancy, e directing, the inhabitants not to offer any resistance to the entrance of the Prussians. Notices of a similar nature are osted. on, the L walls.of I14hausen," Most young ladies are very fond of' beaux, but young gentlemen should remember that none of them. ar.e partial, to cross beaux. ' he aylvesford Mercury says.---We ua t derstand, fr,om good authority that. Mucey, e who.was convicted at the Ballarat Circuit Court of embez,;ling: £1000'belonging to the 'shire of ;reswick, and. sentenced' to.aeveral g yeara impngsonment for the ofsence,, is about ,to.open a general.store next to the Shire hall, Kingiton. Indeed, part of the stocki in-trade has already, been, received, We Sare aware that some technical objections to the conviction, have yet to be argued:in the Sprisoner's favor, bu, they cannot alten the moral effect of the verdictB If ouc infer ' mation is oorreot---au~dwe have.ne doubt of .it-4the ex-secretary of, the shire. must be Sone of the coolest specimens of hla?u?nity. that even this. colony can furnish r M?aDEnos OTrsOan oN A. CHLrsE,.- SWe are likely to have another trial for mur. Sder, seys the Pleasant Creek News, fully s equal to any of those laktely heard in, our ciircuit courts, in point of brutality and \- cowardice: The.facts are briefly these. Mr 1 Geary,.the inspector of schools, when.traveli I :ling in the. discharge of his otcial' duty, Ssomewhere in the neighborhood of; Eden I hope, had his. attention arrested by a low Smoaningesound, and looking in.the direction Sperceived the fornm. ofa, man. stretched., upon Ia sand bed, neaun some sparse scrub. Pulling Iup the buggy which he was driving,he. diss Smounted, and.found a Chinamen horribly 'mutilated, The roof of the. moifth and, a number of the. teeth, appeared to. be.licked in, There was.a large gash,on the forehead, a:s portion of one of, the hands was broken, Iwhile the face ofithe unfortunate cre ture appeared to be smashed to a mummy. With some diliculty, Mr Geany got a,little brandy down. the man's.throat, and carriedi him, to the buggy, where he fainted,. after vomiting !a large quantity of blcod. Mr Geany found it absolutely necessary to tie him in with,a :rope, which he fortunately had in. a trap, and in this manner he drove to Edenhope whicb was. some few miles distant from the spot. Dy virtue of the stimulant, which Mr Geary kept repeating in. small.doses, the Chinaman got suffcient strength to say, "'Me die, you, take money," producing at the same time a.,cheqpe for- a considerable amount from, some part of his clothing. When, somewhat relievedi by the aid of the doctor, the unfortunate man stated the cause of the attack to be somewhatas follows: -HE had been working for Mr Smith, the owner of a station, in that locality, as gar, dener;; bat lattealy a new cook had. been engaged, who refused to work for the Chi. naman,. The matter lkd to disseieions among the men, and resulted in the. Chinas manleaving. The owner. ofthe station was I so,annoyed that he. turned away some of the.hands, inclnding~ the sdok, and these followed the unfortunate man,, attacking and beating him in the savage minner described It seems,@owever, that they' were unable to find the cheque. The Chiiamana made his dying depositiones, and either one or two of the men inplicated sre bythi.time arrested as the police stated they were itre of being able to. Faptuoar them. The. life of the" China man is quite despaired of by the doctor, A young man named 'Wynn Hand met , w?ith arather serious" accident a few das a aigo at Bagshot. ' He 'was in a stooping E positidn near al timber waggon whick hewas I loading, when the horses began to. move on v with the load, and a, large log fell over, s bruising him severely and breaking one of a his legs at the thigh,. He was conveyed to f the Sandhurst'HospitaL, Many readers will remember the cleverlyi written letters which. appeared in the i Madras Mail, one purporting to be from the. Duke of Edinburgh to his ellter brother, containing narrations. of, and comments on, Shis jpurneyings in India, and one from the L iPrince of Wales in. reply. The simulated ,authorship was so. well supported, that " in England it was thought necessary that 3 the letters should be publicly disavowed by. n .' tPrince of Wales on. behalf of himself and r his brother. The Madrab Mail, in a recent number, thus laughs. over the result of its ingenious hoar:-"-' A, member of the Indian 2 Council, writing to, a friend of ours by the n mail just received. from Europe, states that a Her 'hfajesty the Queen '.could with the greatest difficulty be persuaded that the let , tera from Alfred, to Alberti 1dward, and from e Albert Edward to Alfred. were not genuine :,and; authentic!' We beg to assure thi a. Royal, mother of the illustrious personages a whose style w.e. would appear to have imi \- tated with such success as even to have de, y ceived herself, that their Royal Highnesses I had no hand in the very mild productions which we took. the liberty to identify with f their names. We cannot profess to be on s more than " levee". bowing terms- with the s Prrinces;.but it did not.call for the exercise . of much; ingenuity to simulate a mode of ex , prssiQn. of which. the Prince of Wales's g letter to Lady Morduant furnished so admir e able a models Her Majpsty, we learn, does e :not at all enter into the spirit of the very e mild joke of which we must admit ourselves o guilty. In Marlborough-house, however, d the "jpux. d,'eapr.i" are regarded very good& d humoiredly.: W e ,;'etnot fail to send to d the Queen iand Princes a copy of the little :book we rd preparing, which, will. c.ontai v the letter, and the comments which they d have evoked.-' d Professor J. D. Steele says the result of a observations now being taljen shows that L. storms rage upon. the sun with a violence -of which we can form no conception. Hurri. I canes sweep over its surface with terrific e violence.. bast cyclones wrap its firesainto P whirlpools, tt the bhttom of which our earth Y could lie like a boulder in a rolcano. Huge t flames dart out to. enormous, distances, and Sfly over the sun with, a speed greater than l that of; the earth itself through space. At na one time a cone of fire shot out 80,000miles, L* and then died away,. all in ten minutes' time. There is n?thing.in these phenomena e to.alarm, uwp. 'dhey have, in, all probability, I happened constantly for ageapast That we. Y have now means of; investigating, their 3, nature and mesuring their height ands e velocity furnishes no cause.of, anxiety. 's " A very serious charge is made by several of the New Zealand papers,. especially the Otago Daily Times,. against the General Y Government,.otf tampering in an upwarrant' " able manner with. the telegrams. which con e tained the news brought by the last Suez .mail. She.statement is that the telegrams sent from the. Bluf to. the various papers which have combined, their. telegraphic arr. rangements were transmitted- to Wellington, t and were there divulged by the Government. .to the Independent, a Ministerial organ. This jourral, although not one of, the tele graphic association, was still enabled to pubi, t lish telegrams which. were the legitimate property of the papers thus combined. It I seems. odd that the New Zoaland Govern, t ment, which,at ore time supplied telegraphic s aummaries of the news to the journals of tie colony, should now so far vary the former !system a .td appropriate the despatches. of , the newspaperain. so audacious a manner. It appears likely that in. the event of the Government failing to give satisfactory exn planation of the charges.made,, the associated journals will seek rediess'in the law courts. One paper, the Timaru Herald, suggests the ; meeting: at- some ceqtr.al place of reprerentar. of all the papers interested, for the- purpose of taking such steps as will effbetually pro. tict the press against conduct so inimical to 'its freedom, The action.of thae.overnment in the matter of. the late English, mail, teler, grams.it declares to.be dangerous,. despotic, and dishonest.. SA New ZIealand'chief, .Wi Take, Ngatata, in the course of an examination, before the Petitions Committee at Wellington,. delih vered himself as follows respecting the effect of the European. law on his. own people: "The law is defective. When.a Maort com mits.an, offence- against another Maori, no.1 notice is taken of it; and therefore I say, although the Government tells up that we M'aories are under the same laws. as: the Europeans, we, the Maories, receive nol benefit fromthe law. Ihe Europeanakeep the body ofi the law and give us: the ghost of it. I compare the present state of the law to a man looking into a mirror. The Euro. pean.isin front of the mirror, and;can see what is reflected in it;. the Maor is. behind it groping in the dark. Therefore when a Maori commits an. offence he is blamed for. it, and told that he is no good,.and-thab he should be obedient to the. laws of which he knows uothing,- -Another thing I want to. know is this--why are these Maori members allowed seats- in. the Hlouse ofl Represents. tives?- I have never heard them say a word, I suppose they sit there as ,arved images," In an.art~cicon -the Legislatie. blunders. of the late session of Parliament, the Weh lington Advertiser sEays :-" What makes all these errora.the less excusable is, that the Government have. lawyers. enoagh arouind. them,, one would think, to conduct matters properly. With-a Solicitor Generalh anAtl I torneym.eneral, a lawyer for a Premier,.and an assistant law offcer,. all sunpposed to, be competent to give opinions,, we. cannot get h lawsframed without having to reckon on a large percentage of them. leing worths, Coloanl Gore Browne,. late governor of asmania,a~I' formerly governor of New Zealand,.has been. appoinrated to the. Goven porabip.!of Beamanda~ i is believed that, ps Colonel Browns on-l required a few months of service to.endi;l him to a retiring pension, this appointmeat hbnbeen conferred on him for that purpose. A headless black whale wta~ found stranded on the beach near PigBse Point, Portlapd,-by Mr DavidMonrrison --it would appear, says a correspoirdent of the Hamilton 8pectator, that this monsrer of the deep has been: harpooned by some deep sea fisberinjei, who. were in the act of cuttrag it up, and by some means it got dissevered from" the veb- H sel's side and coated to this point.. Jludging from its size (about 60ft long, the oarcase must have originally been worth £500. bdie' sael f gartting in sae close vitcinity o Melboit oeoourred on Sunday night: A man named William Nolan was proceeding along, the St Vilds road, at about a quarter past seven, and when about rFOyards south of Prince's bridde, was set upon by two men, one of whom garotted h'm, and rifled his pockets, while the other stood over him with a knife They took LSMI0s and a black and tan sheep dog with a strap and chain round its neo'r. Nolan was stopping, at Steward's Boarding house, Bourk' street. The laborer. at the Alfred Graving Dock, Wil liamstown, have again struck work. Owing. to the wet weather last week a good deal of time had been oat, end on Saturday forenoon the contractors in. timated to the men that it would be necessary for them to continue their work till 4 o'ol ok in the evening instead of leavin off at 4 which is. the uuaElhour. On hearing this request. the men sot only refused'to comply, bub stated that they, would not work st all unless they were paid 'a a day all round. For some time past the practice has, been to pay the dock laborers Os, Os d, and 7s a day, so. cording to their abilities. As the contractors refused to accede to this demand the laborers all left the works in the afternoon as soon as they were paid. There are now 68 men on stake. Those who got 7s is day also refused to work unlesthe.othe<men were 'paid the same rs'e of'wags. The masons, however, are still employed, and it is satisfactory to know that the works are not likely to be er onusly interrupted 'by these proceedings. The contractors informus 1that the excavation at the dock will be completed in another month, and that they will have no diffoiulty in obtaining. as many laborers as may be required for the remainder of the contraot.-Argus. TIe. Benalla Ensign says:.-" The spread ofsoeab in. the district round Banalls is a most serious matter, aend we trest the inspector and the boards of advice, if they have any power, will' take every means to stay its advance. Bqpatters have it in their power 'to dc very much towards the spresad o1 soab, by spariug no epense to make their fences sooure be. tween, themselves and an infeatedi ran. Any economy in this matter is ruinous not only to, them. selve', but to the whole district. At one of the entertainments reeently given to the DukeofEdinburgh in Iadia,an old lady was present who, being afflioted with deafness, earied an ear trumpet She had oceapion to summons one of the .table servants, who,waa.?arrying s.dish of peas, and put up her trumpet to hear his reply to her question. The unlucky Khitmutgar, misunr'e-tanding, her. wishes, instantly tranasarred a bountiful, helping r.f peas to the open mouth of her acoustio in atr ;mncnt. Su'oides, and ettenlpts.at suicide, have become so frequent thate one thinks little of them ;: but he-e is a curious one which w.e cli from the M and D Adver 'iper:-"A determined attempt was made on Thur. day morning by a miner named William Peterson living atMoequito Flati to commit *.hM h by chop. ping his head with an axe.. It appDar. hat Peterson Shas been drinking hard lately, erd. as he did not make his appearance in the mon.i g, Mrs Coles, of the Reefhotel, thinking all w . not right, directed a man in her employ, named Spinder, to go to Peter. won's but; and, upon his arrival there,. he found Peterson lying on the floor, with his, head, foe, and c" lothes covered with blood. Information warbrought 'to Senior Constable Fahey,, who at ones, dispatched' Ci Constable Molloy to the spot. Molloy found Peter. son in the state described, and at once had him removed to the Maryborough Hospital, where he re ceive' immediate attention. Peterson's head' pr.a. ented a frightful appearance, from the mannier in whch he hadtout it, both with the axe and sledge hammer. Before operating upon himselft Beterson tested the keenness.of the axe br chopping off' the nose of his dog, which he had tied up, and which poor animal' escaped, and' is now-unless. some friendly band has terminated its existence-running about in its mutilated onnlition 