ADELAIDE. [From our Special Correspondent.} August 12. Whether the Parliament of South Australia has done wisely in rejecting the Ministerial motion, that a small portion of the detachment of the 18th Regiment at present quartered here should be re tained for the purpose of forming a nucleus for a permanent military force, time alone can show. No one, not even the most strenuous eharapioa of the measure — whom I certainly do not take to be the Treasurer — would, in his wildest moments, suppose that we could ever raise a force really able to defend us against the organised attacks of an enemy, legitimate or otherwise. But it may fairly be reasoned that the presence of such force would deter any privateer, cruising on her own account, from attempting to possess heradf of, or at all events work serious injury to^ this 'price- less gem in Britain's crown.' Mr. Cou-Hn seems to be of opinion that a colonial militia should be formed without any extraneous aid from home; and further, that the big guns at present, I be lieve, lying idle somewhere along the sea-board, should at once be mounted, to prevent any im pertinent foreign ships from taking a ' nautical synopsis ' of our coasts and harbors, as the Russian frigate did not long since. If this gen tleman's advice is followed, it would be as well to provide ourselves with a strong military force first, as the consequences of firing on any and every foreign vessel that anchors peacefully in our roadstead are likely to be somewhat inconve nient to the colony. Mr. Ebenezer Ward, of course, objected, on the ground of expending intmej on what he wee pleased to call a ' mere Government House toy.' It is astonishing how the burnt child does dread the fire, and how the member for Gumeracha bristles up at any extra expenditure. As to his proposition that the Banks should combine to protect their property, if they thought it was likely to be endangered, and ' ensure against this risk as they would against others,' it was foolish and flippant and in every wav worthy of the man who uttered it. Certainly. however imminent the danger that may threaten Bank property, Mr. Ward is not likely to be affected by it. Mr. Cavenagh was of opinion that an enemy should be met on the sea, not on land, in which there is doubtless much reason, as, we are told, there is in the roasting of eggs. Mr. Hughes contended that a local militia would cost infinitely more (besides being, without help from the regular forces, almost an impossibility) than the retention of the 60 men as proposed by the Treasurer. Mo other member of the Govern ment spoke, and indeed, if they could not put more *' heart ' into their speeches, it was as well they did not ; and finally the motion was defeated by a majority of four. And so we have looked our last upon the red-coats, and how I wish I was one. For the credit of the colony I am happy to be able to tell you that the Theatre Royal was crowded on Monday night to welcome Mr. and Mrs. Bandmann to iSouth Australia. ' Narcisse,' from the fact of his electing to make his first ap pearance therein, I take to be one of the favorite characters of Mr. Bandaiann. I am sure it is not his best Clever, undeniably, as the performance is, it struck me throughout as being strained and unnatural. Possibly this is in a great measure owing to the size of our theatre, which hardly admits of such loud and fervid gesticulation as do those in which the gentleman has hitherto been accustomed to appear. The character had evi dently been carefully studied, indeed I belie\e it was written expressly for him, or rather expressly adapted from the German for him, by Mr. Tom Taylor. Mrs. Bandniaun, whom possibly some of your readers may remember on the English boards as Miss Milly Palmer, looked and acted very nicely as Doris Quinault, the witty ' Reader to the (iueen ' and pretty favorite of the Theatre Frangaise. Miss Carey, as the Marquise D'Epinay,. was simply charming to look at, and spoke the little she had to speak gracefully aud well j but by far the best of them all was Miss Edouin, as the brilliant and haughty Madame de Pompadour. The closing scene, where she dies in the arms of tne JiusDana wnose me sue nas ruiueu, ana who to his horror recognizes in the splendid wanton of the French Court the young girl at whose feet fifteen long years ago he had laid his love, was marvellously good, and, to use a stock stage ex pression, no one could have ' died ' better than Miss Edouin. The other characters were fairly represented, and the scenery and dresses very good. Alltogether it is some time since the Adelaide stage has been so well and worthily trod jis it was last Monday night. The after-piece, an amusing little comedy, entitled ' A Happy Pair, ' consisting merely of a breakfast- table dia logue between a newly-married couple, played by Mr. and Mrs. Bandaiann, was far more to my liking than its more weighty and sensational pre decessor. Mr. Bandmann was very happy in his impersonation of a rather fast English gentleman — not by any means an easy thing for a foreigner to imitate — and Mrs. Bandmann, as the over loving young wife, was perfection — easy, grace ful, and above all so ladylike, her acting was indeed a treat to see. The dialogue was smart and well-sustained, and a most marked and grate ful contrast to the usual run of Adelaide after pieces, where coarseness and buffoonery are but too apt to take the place of wit and pleasantry. Let us hope that Mr. and Mrs. Bandmann have inaugurated a new era. The Adelaide Hunt Club intend to wind up their season, as they did last year, by a day's racing, open only to members of the Hunt. Last year, it may be remembered, .a xjapital day's sport '''' ; : was fhe result, -when poor .Gordon came ever specially trom Melbourne W- ride Launcelot for Mr Blackmore— and there-is no 'just cause or .impediment v „ why .this ,: year Bhottld not be,.J ^ualy successful. I confess I do not quite see^i-.V Mie object of compelling all horses entered for the * ' flat race to first; clear a hurdle of 3 ft. 6 in. high ; ... if the race is 'to; lie run on the flat, -why should jt'\'ti :. . .' be necessary that the competitors should be able . ? . tojujnp? It would-be far more to the point to have it clearly ascertained that all horses entered ??? in the names of members of the Club were bond fide the property of such members — a point which, in the majority of Hunt Club Raca«, is very apt to be overlooked I hear that last Saturday a very good day's sport was had from Onetree Hill.' ' ?? ' The hare that was turned down — more a sport for beagles and foot people than for a mounted field— ? - very quickly gave up the ghost, but the drag that' ..'? followed was, according to the papers, a regular ' ' stinger,' taking all who were able to follow right into Gawler, much, I should fancy, to the astonishment of tne denizens of that romantic town. An interesting letter has been received by His * ' , Excellency from Mr. John Forrest, who 'id in' . command of. the expedition sent by the Govern-^ '*. ment of Western Australia on an overland' journey from Perth . to Adelaide. The letter dates from Fowler's. Bay, : and the party hope ta. be in Adelaide in five weeks from the time .of. writing, July 29. The health of the party ha» been excellent, and though ihe journeys have been long and wearisome, not a horse has beet* lost. Plenty of grass, but a great scarcity of ; permanent -water ; natives friendly, but wholly ' unintelligible; .and ..many thanks .to, Trooper; Richards, who- met tbe party and guided them into Fowler's Bay, concluded Hie letter, which may be pronounced to be,- on the whole, very; satisfactory. ????.? ?-? , Augost9, 1870. ? Since my last letter our district has beeu blessed with heavy rains,, the effect of which is to be seen in the greatly improved appearance of the country generally. ' -Crops are looking exceed ingly well, and promise good results. Nature has assumed a ?' garb of green', and everything has a look of '* freshness and beauty.' Our dry, arid plains are smiling in the freshness of springs and the desert is ' blossoming as the rose.' Our business prospects are slightly improving. Our wharves are animated with an activity which is somewhat cheering. Several steamers have lately arrived from the 'Up Kiver,' and are now taking in cargo. The Albury sailed a few days ago, and the Queen on Monday morning last. To-morrow the Telegraph and Ariel will leave, both deeply laden. The Providence is hourly expected, and is already advertised to sail again ; ' the Culgoa is expected to sail in a ievr days. It is rumoured that the Wen tworth steamship has been purchased by Messrs Johnston and Murphy, who intend adapting her machinery for the ' outside trade/' between Port Adelaide and Victor Harbor. There is no doubt but this is an enterprise which is -well worthy the attention of capitalists. And it is strange that it has not ere now received that consideration to which it is justly entitled. MEADOWS. August 1, 1870. A great quantity of rain has fallen during the last fortnight, ana gardening operations have been quite at a standstill on account of the wet ness of the land ; but the crops, though not growing fast on account of the cold, are looking very healthy. Our mail arrived in good time to-night, and it is hoped that it will continue to do so — a blessing; most devoutly wished: for by those who have to come any distance along our. muddy mails utter nightfall for their letters and papers. The second Inspector of schools, Mr E. Dew hirst, visited Mr Jones's school here on Friday last. It was very wet yet a large number were in attendance, and he expressed himself preatly surprised at seeing so isany ; he also commended them for their improvement and orderly behaviour and granted them half holiday. CALLINGTON. August 3, 1870. On Thursday, 21st ult., Mr John Williams, of Barossa, delivered a temperance lecture, illus trated by diagrams, in the Wesleyan Methodist Chapel. There was a moderate attendance, many more would have been present had a longer notice been given. The lecture was well received, and several names have lately been added to the pledge-book. Business is fearfully dull. One of our Stores is closed, and I fear with little prospect of being reopened, at least for some time to come. Hands have been shortened both at the Paringa and Bremer Mines, and I am afraid that unless the lode in the 103-fathom level is shortly cut, many more will be out of employment. Messrs Paltridge & Cornelius sold, under distress for rent, at Mr Jas. Shake's Tavistock Hotel, on Monday last, household furniture, stock-in-trade, &c;, &c.; A large quantity of valuable goods were disposed of, but at a great sacrifice. MnTTXTT1 ttA'RTTF'/R August 3, 1870. The arrival of Tom Thumb and suite last Thursday morning was looked for with some interest, and on the appearance of their convey ance a little crowd assembled to see these world renowned littlenesses alight. During their stay a rather amusing incident occurred. Commodore Nutt requiring a watch-glass stepped down to Mr. Nicholls the watch-maker, but found that he was from home, whereupon the Commodore volun teered to fit one himself, and perched upon the watchmaker's vacant stool, formed an amusing sight to a troop of grinning urchins outside. The afternoon and evening performances were both crowded, the Commodore's droll humour calling forth roars of laughter and loud applause. The General's characters, and Mrs. Stratum's songs, and Miss Minnie's acting being thoroughly appreciated. On Tuesday, the 2nd inst, a lecture on Tem perance was delivered by Mr Williams, (who is employed by the Temper mce league) in the Temperance Hall. The Rev J. Goodwin in the chair. The attendance, owing to the inclemency of the weather, was small, about 60 persons being present. The lecturer had diagrams showing vhe effect produced by alcohol on the brain, 'stomach, head and liver. The lecture was listened to with interest ' throughout, and at the conclusion a vote of thanks was proposed to the lecturer aud chairman by Mr Neate, and seconded by Mr Barlow. The Chair man delivered a short address on the evils of intemperance. A collection was made which realised 16s. lOd. The Chairman stated that the roll was open for those who might wish 10 si»n the pledge. Two persons signed. MILAXGK August 11, 1870. Our lovely township is still improving, although times are dull we notice several nice dwelling-houses in course of erection. Mr Gosling's bakehouse is almost finished, and Mrs Chalklen has had a large shop and bake house built for Mr Dodd, who seems to do a good trade. We may expect to see some of the newly dipt wool in Milang by the end of the present month, shearing having already commenced up the river. The Lake is much higher now than it has been for years. 340 