Answers to Correspondents. (No notice mill be talten of anonymous communications.) L. S.—No. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM is not a Fenian. YOUNG AUSTRALIAN has not complied with our request about name and address. J. S. BUTTERS.—We expect you have a large interest in " working minas." STUMPS.—The eleven put their faith in a broken "REED" when they chose CURTIS. GARTON.—You are a brick. If everybody was to follow your example, the " TOMMY DODD snobbery" would soon be extinct. K. (St. Kilda),—Do write a little plainer, please. V. Y.—It is not polite at a dinner table to ask anybody to " pass the ointment" when you want the gravy. COOK.—A "resurrection" pie is generally served up on Saturdays at schools. It consists of the leavings of the week put into a dish, with a crust over them. It used to go by the name of " raised " pie when we went to school. ANXIOUS ONE.—Yes. Horses, as a rule, are very fond of traction engines. CONSTABLE.—We apprehend you had better arrest a man who strikes you and calls you the names mentioned. You do not require witnesses; your black eye will speak for itself. SOLICITOR.—We have searched all works on criminal jurisprudence, and consulted the Solicitor-General, but have been unable to discover any penalty for suicide. STUDENT (S. Yarra).—Perhaps HAMLET'S . father's ghost, in his hurry to revisit the earth, caught up a patchwork quilt in which to envelope his warlike form. Hence the line, "A king of shreds and patches." MERCHANT.—We cannot|tell you where to get men's conscia recti. Try at a boot shop. A GARDENER commences his letter with " I'm blowed." We hope his roses are in the same condition. JENKINS.—Fish should always be eaten fresh. You never eat it* tail on that account. WHITNEY, CHAMBERS AND CO.—We have received your descriptive catalogue, containing everything under the sun—in ironmongery —from a packing needle to a chandelier. Undoubtedly yours is the book of the season, for not only is it ornamental, but useful as well, and, taken as "mental pabulum," worth dozens of the three-volume novels of the day. To all those about to marry we would parody the advice of our London parent and say, "If you will marry, furnish at WHITNEY, CHAMBERS AND CO.'S" We have received from the publishers the Australian Journab containing the opening chapters of the new story entitled "His Natural Life." Of the merits of the work it is of course impossible to speak as yet. However, one thing is certain, that the proprietors are men who encourage local authors by deeds aB well as words, the price paid for Mr. CLARKE'S story being very fair. It seems a pity that proprietors of other newspapers, &c.;, do not follow the example set by the Australian Journal, and hold out a little inducement to men of letters resident in the colony, instead of paying high prices for imported rubbish. 