ADAM AND MALLY. ' . ' A Story of Scottish Farm Lijcs. [from fbasers' magazine.] (Concluded foom our last) . CHAVIER HI.— WHO WILL SPEAK XJBE I'OBEJIIOST I WOBD ? ' Tho quarrel which was talked of by moxethan one Oefceratioaltad broken oat^Vlazed Wj and, xaHikd most fires, continued to smoulder Jor .nearly the quarter of a century. Adam and Mally had made themselves a marvel, the gazing-stocks ot the country sido'in the beginning. Ttiat might ' be a reason why the couple stayedf on servants on the same farm of Hayston, - not only failing to lose sight of each other, but. coming -? perpetually in contact. Their stubbornness and selfishness might bemixed up with the fact. ? Neither would give tho other the satisfaction of thinking thathe or she had cost him or her a good placo— which good servants were wont' to clingj to tenaci ously so long as they woro in service; It was a boast then of many a ci-devant resolute and tiatient1 ploughman- and maid-seryant that their first place had been their last, until they had learnt to care for children, animals, land, as if these had been the servants' own. Yet another' motive might lurk under the persistency with which the pair kept alive: the association which linked them together by not separating as wide apart as'the poles, putting sea and shore and crowds of strange faces between them.- In the' love to hatred turned ' it is possible there : was a'/ morbid appetite for the sight and the sound of ; each other. But only a Yorkshire, a Cumberland, or a Scotch lad and lass, could have- lived the experience out, perhaps; not many besides Adam andMally. ??' .-;^' ' :v ' : ' '?'*' ? '^ :;;i; ? ' ; At Hayston Adam Urquhart arid Mally Gilhaize abode month after month arid year after'year, ecrviDg each other, for their faithful service^ to their master and mistress demanded the sacrifice^ Bilently. Their companions whispered and glanced, but. from the first they laid no trains and played no tricks to break the deathlike silence between Adam and Mally, or to draw them, in any untoward fashion for their circum stances, together again. The weight of resent-' ?tnoVif. +.Tift ^n-nf.Ti n-t-' cinllpn-nnKa \vlnrh +.hrt Tnri.n and. the woman evolved fairly awed their bluster ing, rattling, . .half -childish neighbors. .Adarii and Mally were let alone— that last fearful sen-, tence pronounced bit' unrepentant transgressors; Not even Mrs. Fernie dared to speak of the one to the other. As for Jeaniie, passing from thoughtless girlhood 'into thoughtful woman hood, the spectacle of such enmity, so provoked, positively scared her. ' It is fearsome, mother,' Jeannie would say, stopping her sewing and in-, dulging in a day-dream by the window or the fire; 'they liked each other once, they'll like each other again if they eyer get to' heaven, or will they stand aloof there', think you ! ' If all the inhabitants of Hayston had been as imaginative as Jeannie Fernie had grown, the two unreconciledl'fpes might have, been able to cast a repellent gloom over the open, wholesome day of rural life. , But the agricultural race, superiors and inferiors, proved largely practical) and even Jeannie in her youthful fancies was ordinarily very much occupied with her own important concerns. The Hayston world could exist, flourish, and become hardened,, and to a certain extent unconscious of a constant night mate in its presence. ' ,The punishment fell justly on the offenders— arid how among other galling eleirients the flouting notoriety which light women crave ate like fust into the soul of the proudest of proud peasant women !.; ', ? ; Adam's and Mally'_s: 'sticks,' as.Mrs.: Fornie had named their pieces ot furniture ; without any intention of disparaging them, had been taken back by the mechanics who had furnished the articles, unaccustomed ? as wheelwright or cooper was to such bride's arid bridegroom's va garies;, on the1 payment of . a small ' forfeit. Adams folk and' Mally 's folk had alike looked on the proceedings aghast and aggrieved, :. but had not ventured to , interfere with, .their formidable, relatives. The mousetrap, .pin-: cushion, &c.;, had been returned to their re spective: donors— -a process .which had moved: a soft-hearted woman or two to tears, Mally. had retained heir wedding gown and cap because they were of no moment; to Mrs. Fernie and: Miss Jeannie, neither ,woul_d iit.be acceptable to Mally's. old and young 'mistress to. have . . their gifts back., The. former, bade Many, lay the unr lucky apparel by. and, Mally laid' it shrouded in a towel at the foot of her.kist, as Adam had stuffed the crimson plaid- to the foot of his- wheratheir fingers rarely fell on them. .?':-? i The foreman's houso had to be ' wared '? with a grudgefrom Mrs; Fernio on 4dam because he was itho foreman, but he lived; in it as ho had lived in the. bothy, -more ascetically and austerely indeed, for it was a lonely as well as' asordid life with no .end in view. ...'.';. -.-,.- :,, Adam might have: married; tp* spite Mally : he was a hard-working, sober man, ,a: good worldly match in his degree. : ,.-._ '?'?? -.--.. .?? Mally might have married to put out her malice on Adam, for she ^vould have ?. \ made a good wife notwithstanding heir pride, which she had, so closely? disguised that her -neighbors called' .it: temper, and did not avoid and rail at her for it. Adam and , Mally might have, married another bride and bridegroom, but they did not so marry. In the bustle of Mally's activo duties, going aTiniit. t.lin linnsn shn-WflH Tifivfitr nnf, of siirht nf t.Tip home which should have been hers, not a day „ out of the sight of the man who in quaint German and Scotch phrase was to have-been her 'man.' She saw the foreman's house with the February snows drifting up its little window^ summoning before the mind, by dint of contrast, the cosio hearth beside which there had once been found a place for Mally's wheel— Mally could have pointed to within half an inch of the spot selected — while above the snowed -up window was still fastened fhe nail for the cage of a bird which had moulted and replumed itself, and sung in season ' and out of season till it had died a bird's natural sudden death. Mallysawthe same house glitter ing in tho golden June and July mornings, when cocks were crowing, larks carolling, and white convolvuluses hanging their trumpets over the hedge of Adam's yard. ,. . ? . Mally fed the fanners with Adam when the roar of the March wind silenced the beat of the machine, and rushing in below tho closed door and by the keyhole, caused the chaff to dance on the barn, floor. Adam bound to Mally's shearing as the best bandster to the best shearer during the long day, among the white bore and the vellow oats of the harvest fields. . At the shearers' 'leven hours and four hours the two sat in the same social ring, and if Adam did riot reach parched corn to Mally as Boaz did to Ruth, this couple ate of the Fame pile of scones and touched with their lips the rim of tho samocog of ale. . . ?:? ... ..' . :..-.. \ ? ? .: , A little later in the season, when tho Septem ber air had a touch of keenness in it, bringing out tho scent of the mint in tho stubble and ;tho sound of the crack of guns and the whirr of partridges' and pheasants' wings flying before the lairds and their sons and guests, Adam, built the stacks in the. yard, andMally, in her robust womanhood, equal on a pinch to a. man's work, of ten stood on the height of the full corn cart and forked sheaves- to him;. Afterwards, ?when her share of the work was done,7while her sinews ' were all strained, her muscles all quivering and throbbing with the toil, Mally -would walk , out of the, house with a straight back and an unflinching gait, and hand up to Adam tho pitehor with his draught, which it was her duty to brew for him— a pitcher given without a bouison and returned without thanks. At the milking, summer, and winter, Mally now carried her pnila unrelieved ;. hor arms wero more mature and more trained to their load ; she could cross the long gloaming fields without a halt. It was well since sho had. no longer reason to fear delay in her progress, or tho chaffing (' jawing,' Mally named it) of the other lads and lasses on out-of- charactcr ill timed aid. ???.?/ ? ? But when' Adam was ? in tho field or , the byre u.L-iuuf ^i-: o'I;' ; .-????':?: '?? :'--*- ???'???-* - ~u '???'?? ?- with the othor men to get the' chief sauce to his meals, if any of the kye were restive— and Mally as the head woman-servant on tho farm always milked such kye — Adam the leader next to the roaster, still came forward and held- each un ruly cow's head:or foot, to keep her from doing Mally harm. Mally was not simply his master's servant, and so like the rest of Mr.' Fernie's goods and chattels 'to be guarded from injury under Adam's care, she was a woman to be de fended by a man; ;'! ''',':.,' . ? ^ ,: ', . . Mally had a. .mighty control over her nature, but her hatred was. like fire in her bones at such a moment, as Adam's was when she held up to him the stack-builder's pitcher. She would rather the brutal horns and hoofs had tossed and kicked her. He would have preferred if the draught; which, tasted like gall , to Ms parched palate, hkd. been manifest poison, that he might nave poured it; without challenge or the regard less.ground. , _ , , ' ... The man arid' the woman were , present in company at every feast at Hayston year after year. ' Other neighbors changed places, married, died i Adam and .Mally, reappeared as if they naci oeen pewmeti iu uucit oo«vo. j-mj va»-- tinued'to sit in the same kirk where 'they had been cried and should have been kirked, and in whoso mouldering corners the echoes of the threo . cryirigs lingered and came back tauntingly _ to the ears which the aging bridegroom and bride strove to close against the werds. Iri the same , servant's bucht, sometimes side by side, Adam and Mally sat or stood _ listening to words of heavenly amnesty and Divine for-! giveness. Thoy went forward when there were set in the kirk the tables of the Lord, who bade a man when he would come to God's altar 'and hadanything against his brother, to leave there his gilt bof ore the. altar, and go and .first be re conciled to his brothor andthen cohie and offer his gift. Instead, approached this' man arid this woman, having tneir\ hearts consumed with the grudge which they bore each other, did not fear to eat the Master's bread, and did not fall down and give up .the ghost in the act of daring impiety. .' , Changes supplied their test to the faithful ness of the love to . hatred turned. In the ? course [oi years there ?came, to pass a day on which Adain,,perchei^ on the higliest step of a high ladder repairing the thatch en the roof of an outhouse, missed his footing, fell to the ground, and suffered a sufficient concussion of the brain to keep him insensible for a period of hours. During nis interval of unconsciousness Adam did not lack the attendance of women. Among: thom ' was Mally, experienced' and oorlofa ?! Vint.-VilaiinTipil in hpv Tiirlrtiness as Adam was iri hi3 swarthiness, yet quite as much to be dependeduponin the matter of basin, sponge, and bandage as though she were no*, in a waking dream.' ? ?'-' ' ' .' ' \ According to mostnovels, Adam, shut in as he was from the outer world, ought to have recog nised Mally. through his closed eyelids, and while his powers* of observation were still in abevanco detected1 her presence by some subtle instinct : butAdara was only a coarse and dull fellow of a ploughman, and he had not this inscrutable' secorid sight.1 On his recovery he must have' guessed that there were women folk about him when he was lying helpless,: and he might won der in the sullen recesses of Ms soul whether Mally Gilhaize were one of these women, but he never asked in order to make himself sure. As for Mally, leaping at a conclusion in her woman's way, she credited that, he had asked, been answered and made no' sign, so hated- yet more for his iriflexible.sternness the man of whom she had thought at odd moments, when he. was stretched white and still beforcher, that she could have taken his place and died in his rooiri' to raise' him up to rude. health arid lbnglife again. 1; . . It was Jeannie ? Fernie's turn to lib; marriedj arid' iri the- expanding,- infinitely gentle sym-; pathies which belong to' great hai^pincss (else happiness is not' worth much 'either to the pos sessor or to '.the1 wbrld .at large), Jeannie bo thought her tenderly of the last .marriage' which ha,dbeen'iri preparation at'Haystori, and how it had' ended , 'with a riian and' a woman's lives marred.1 In the light and satisfaction of her own heart Jeannie read , the curse of blight and barrenness ,on two other hearts, and compre hended how the' mere joyful: talk of another wedding at Hayston i must sound to them. She trembled and yearned— not lest dire discord should break in on all the harmonies of her own life, for, knowing her lover kind in his truth, and herself 'meek in her loyalty, she could not conceive ; of su6h desolation as their portion. But ?Jeanriio panted to play the peaco-maker. ..'. Mally Tiad.beon ironing a big washing of Miss Jeannie's pretty, new ?'. clothes and dainty fine muslins, and was still '. engaged in ironing, when Jeannie ;crept .behind her. 'Mally,' she said, nervously^ ' db you iriind your fine lace cap which Igave you when I was a saucy lassie eight years ago ? Oh !' Mally, Mally,' cried Jeannie, holding Mally fast'; by, throwing her arms round Mally's waist, braving the hazard of the scorching iron, ' will you never: wear that cap ? Is there nothing that I can say or do for you and Adam ? Would he. mind if my Willie spoke to him ? I think I could persuade;1 Willie to try, and Willie is a lawyer with a wise and winning tonguo. The minister is nothing :vt6 ' Willie. Then we might ,be, married on the same day, Mally, and that would break the deed and cover your story with purs.' ?'.??''.' ;1 ','''?'':'? ' Never, Miss Jeanriie !' forbade Mally so furiously, as she freed herself, that Jeannio recoiled.' 'Me to,' be spoken for to Adam Urquhart by another man, be he servant or master? I would ha'e the mools heaped upon my head sooner.' . ', The warm breath of changehad no effect on that i black' frost . of hate. Ten, fifteen years elapsed — Jeannio Fernie's childreri were running about her knees ; the master arid the mistress of Hayston. were superannuated iri thoir infirmity. Mally was a middle-aged woman of forty, Adam an elderly man of forty-five. Among peasants the married women age faster than the men, but in compensation the reverse; is the case with the un married women. Mally_ was still firm and vigorous down to teeth and hair, with much work in her, though there was a weather-worn look about hor, and hard liriea about her full-fleshed, fresh-colored face ; notwithstandihg that' her dress romained nearly the sairie, no brie would have mistaken her for a' much younger woman than she was. Yet if Mally had been a happy woman, in her scrupulously-fitting, wellpro served clothes, -her staid' freshness and come liness, whidh had nover depended to any great extent. on youthful bloom and lightness, might have been little . impaired. A proud honest ?\yoman must lose more ' than| happiness, '. she must lose self- respect' bef orb sno can become a haggard slattern' in rags. . Happiness— or. let it be called peace — however, if.it is not the founda tion, is the copestorie of /the good looks of a wo man of forty. . Mally had the air of a woman who was trusted and was worthy of trust : at the same tirao she looked what she was, a soured, exacting, .what the Scotch' call 'forbidding,' woman— a wo man who would noithoir ask nor grant' a favor— ; a woman before whom tho ybringor maidservants at Hayston either poworcd or broko into revolt ; flying or- flouncing1 to their tottering old mistress, who might sometimes bo unreasonable and fretful in her dotage, yet by whoso decision her subjects would sooner abide than by that of the beggar made a porter, who was Mrs. Fernie's premier. But Adam was bent and half lame with rheu matism ; it- was ' only by an offort that he was, able for a full man's work. His hair was quite grizzled— indeed, ho looked groy. all over. , If he were a moneyed man, as it: was reported Adam was, rich enough, in his ' assiduous poreovoring parsimonjr to have leased and stocked a little farm of his own, lib was far from showing it in his person or habits. His jacket was faded and patched, his shoes clouted, his blue bonnet disT. colored into green, with the cherry in the crown and the tartan belt frayed into no possibility of knowing what, they had represented. . His bachelor foreman's house was as cold and com fortless a den as rustic Timon of Athens ever took refuge in! Heshowed that a man's' self- re-, spect may exist on bare uncouth decency of gar ment and dwelling. He was a morose, saturnine man, who for all he was a good servant, a 'pure liver, a regular church-goer, was rightly named by Scotch shrewdness *' an auld sinner,' and was shunned as nien shun a famine. The one thing which Adam cherished in ad dition to his sturdy faithful fostering of his old master's possessions was his yard. Adam con tinued to cultivate his yard, and not only to plant ' fur,' and dig potatoes, but to rear in his border a flower or two, which he looked at with grim, dim, shy satisfaction— did not pull or give away. , OHAPIBR IV. — 'OUT OF DEATH — LIFE.' Death which had long spared Hayston came at last not for a single visit. The old master and mistress died within a few weeks of each other in the last year of what had been their fathers ninety-nine'years* lease. Their death happened, opportunely for tho entrance of a new tenant. This now teDant was a man of new lights in everything, holding undoubtingly to the proverb that ' new brooms sweep clean, '^i He had been permitted to enter on the farm in spring time, just after the old couple, whose day wa3 over, had passed with the lengthening day and the broadening light — let good people trust to a longer day that should have no night, and to a lignt wnicn- as it cua nou aepenu oa sun or mouu should know no setting. The new tenant's first : act was to dismiss every old servant at Whit sunday. It was the best season of the year for getting field work, if it was not the great hiring term, and as compensation was given to those servants who were engaged for the year, none of them bad a right to complain. None of them did complain, and the younger men and women, though they might spend a sigh on their old master and mistress, rather liked the compulsory flitting, for the love of change had awakened' among them. But there were : two to whom quitting Hayston' for ever and a day, was like breaking up the foundation of their lives and tearing up the roots of their being. Adam Urquhart and Mally Gilhaize had come to Hay ston a strapping lad and lass; they were' leaving it well nigh a carle and carline, faded, so far as they- could fade, furrowed with heavy hearts and tempera, from which the elasticity was all de parted. They had dreamt their dream of love and hatred there and what was to become of the lifo that was left thom when they shoukino longer see each other daily so as' to procure fresh supplies of the bitter morsel between their teeth? Tho couple might, indeed, take other places on ono farm, but that could only happen by an unlikely coincidence. Christian man and woman ,could not be so heathenish; so devoured by absorbing ? malice, as to premeditate and carry out craftily the arrangement. ? :- No, there was to be no more glancing from beneath the brows at what should have been her home by Mally ; no more dark looks interchanged at milking time ; no more mocking aid proffered by the ono to the other'; no more sittings bound by an unhallowed spell-; in tho same bucht in the kirk, and going forward having hands foul with the blood of each other's soul to handle and taste tho memorials of spotless Innocence and unfailing Love. .?? ''. .-?'? : '???-?- ? o!-\ ' v:.:. . ;-??'?: / .... ;. ?? ?? ; ??;? ? : The winter snow might fall, the summer sun might glint ori the foreman's' house at'Hayston ;- it would be the scene of another life 'history, ' viewed by stranger eyes that knew nothing : and cared nothing for Mally and Adam. Mally might toil and trudge, Adam limp and grind1; it would bo miles arid miles apart, and without the knowledge of each othor. In the listlessness and depression produced by the conviction, Mally did not take another place,. but resolved to go home to a widowed sister (Mally's mothor was dead), and work with her for her board. Tho situation would bo mere idle ness to Mally, in which she might for the first time in her active, robust life, sicken of a vague disease, or where her craving energies would plague the indifferent, scornful nephews and nieces to whom she would be the tyrannous, crabbed Aunty Mally. . Adam, too, though there was no collusion be tween the pair, wouldnot hire himself to another master. He took a vacant cottage in the vicinity, proposing to live there and work at odd iobs till he could rent a field or two such as his own powers and those of a yoking of horses might labor, and t&us; attain the object of peasant am bition — to turn cottar-farmer on his own account. But with no diligent, careful gude-wifo to be .perpetually looking after houso economies, and to better his home so as to render it a res torer fora breaking down man, or to takeher share in field work ; with no young, vigorous son or UaUCUtUl V\J JJlUip Iflj 1XUJLU, UUO ^AUU^U-OlUUtt. Ul IUV sowingsheet when stiffening hands were grown more feckless, the chances were against Adam, Industrious and sagacious in his own line, painfully saving {as Adam was, he could not fight the battle single-handed iikeayounger, abler-bodied man ; he would lose his hard-won, tightly-griped silver ; ho inight come on the parish at last a savage pauper, if he did not prefer to starve and die alone — a beast's death. ' It was the night before the term. Adam and Mally had withdrawn betimes from the 'foy' or farewell supper held in the farm-house kitchen, and had left thoir neighbors at liberty to linger and enjoy the slightly sentimental hilarity, while the two old stagers worked up what remained to bo worked before the household slept, and waited in thoir final night at Hayston. . ? The kye, what was left of them, were in the field, but Mally had a light burdon to bear com pared with what she had often borne. over the red and white heads of the clover, and the May gloaming was not dusk enough in its swootness and seronity to admit of a fear of boglos. Though Mally had ceased to bo haunted by these tor mentors, there was danger that even the hard, middlo-nged woman iriight be assailed by ghosts, this night — by the ghost of her own not un tender, true-as-steel young womanhood, and the ghost of a man capable of kindness in his severity, and passionately fond in tho contracted, gorged channel of his manhood, whom she had gone halves in destroying. By a small circumstance enough Mally was de livered from these, importunate, troublesome boglos. As she passed what was still Adam's house and yard, she saw him delaying the little horse- suppering which, he had to do, /possibly both to flash up his solitary1 lantern for a parting gleam on the all but empty stalls, bins, hooks for martingales and bridles, which he had known so well, and to shako down the foddor for the sole ' descendants and successors of Diamond and Bab at-tho-Bowstor — fearing bogles in his turn. Adam was in his yard among tho dews, and by the evoning star gathering all tho flowers which an early season had brought into blossom in his border. London prido, thrift, polyanthuses, white lilies, with branches of budding lilac »from his bush and of hawthorn from liis hedge. Somehow tho sight of Adam gathoring flowers and making ? a nosegay tickled and tormented Mally, and drove other thoughts . out of her mind. What would the dour, sour carle do with, a flower] Bticlc.it in a broken jug, and set it as a relic of his garden, to adorn the first ishelf he 6hould;put up m his miserable cottage ? A ?' fell' like place for a posie, and a fell like iman for posies ! '. ... . ., ,. ; Mally would riot: miss ' the «gowans'! on the sward ; as for her last, bird, it was. dead—better dead, ' ' poo r genty, singing , thing,' than, beset by her sister's cruel cat a'nj mischievous,' heed less bairns. But what had Adata Urquhart tb to do with flowers.? and how could he pretend to betaken up with them.; when he had not so muph as said ho was sorry to give up evorything besides ? .-. ;. .;.... Adam was there to answer Mally's question ?,?.'- as she rose up from her sitting posture, witn 'her backtothefarm town, she saw. Adam standing at a few paces' distance, from her and the kye in the field. He_ looked grey, in the paling light, old and wan in his roughness, as she had decided very unlike the fresh, fragrant flowers which he held in his hand. Nevertheless ''? '- he i clutched them, till, as by an impulse, he held; them, out towards her. 'Will you have them, , Mally 1' he asked, tho voice which broke the long .silence , sounding hollow as a voice froiri the ' dead ; ' they will help to keep you in mind o' Hay ston. ' : ?' '.???'? ??? ??: '? ' ' _?'?? ? Mally might have said that ' she did not wish to be kept in mind of Hayston, and least : of , all by him. She might have said, as she was: not lover of flowers for the flowers' sake, they would encumber her with a milk pail in her hand, and what was she to do with them when 'she should flit the next dajr ? But she only stood staring at him till the ebbing tide of his blood was rushing in a raging flood to his 'face. Then her eyes flickered and fell, and Mally held put a hand and took the flowers, without a word either Of thanks or reproach. ?:;?? Adam drew a long. gusty sigh as though his breast were rid of some perilous stuff. ' It's a pity theyrre no summer flowers,' he remarked, apologetically, almost pleadingly, ' for then,' more ?, by token gin they had1 been roses, 'they would ha'e kopt their scent— ^the scent o Hay ston.— after they were nae mair than a ' wheen dry shrivelled blades. '? But I put sorrie springs e' , balm among them, and they'll keep pressed in1 a book.' ' Why should they ' keep, Adam, ;when everything, eke has gane ? ' inquired Mally sharply. He glanced at her,, and then he offered to takeher pitcher. ? 'Til carry it,'hesaidstoutly. 'It'sno ill to carrv.'-she nrotested: but nhe did not resist farther; or tell him that the strength of his arm compared, to hers was not what it had been. . .. ?.!.!??'?? '???? ?-?''. ?:?' ''? '''' /''' ' There were no longer jeering companions to cry out and affront Hercules and Omphale : Mysie and Goordie, Sandy and Girzie, were at their' own firesides, speaking anxious words to haflin' laddies and gilp'ies of lassies starting at the coming term on their entrance into the world, or' rocking sick bairns' cradles, or pining ori sick beds thomselves. : As for the successors, who were celebrating their foy in the farm house jkitchon, thoy would about as soon have expected, , and would have looked 'little' less aghast, to see .the two solid green Jaws— the opposite boundaries . on the different: sides of'Havston— march across' ,, and meet amicably: and .'confidentially as;to see Mally and Adam make up to each other on their last night and break; the seat of fifteen ye'arson their lips. These innocent youngsters were still bragging. and blustering, drinking toasts and healths, singing each hisorher solitary identifying'; song) and lighting pipes in blessed inhocupus ness. ??' It's no ill. to carry,' echoed Adam j as he put down the pitcher arid wiped the perspiration from his brow, midway iri the field) ' but.it'slong since I've carried anything for you, lass.' ,' ; If- he choked on those significant words, Mally's heart' swelled when' he resigned the' pitcher,' thrusting it into the hand' which held the flowers' at the corner of the^house;- -'.''i .: '?? ?'?'?' :-: -?'-' This was the upshot.' Well; what else could it be ? and was it not a mercy that not an evehad. seen the weak moment of relenting? Thellbwers'' might stand unnoticed among the 'basins ; in the, dairy, amidst the confusion.' - ?.--. v.u^ :-.:,: ExcitSd and out of order as1 Hayston was, t^ho tmlihuh elip.ri tmt,'-a.t.'ltmtrhh. anr? Tnnn smfl wn'min wereatresti sleeping- sound1-.' after, their fatigue' and excitement, and in preparation for the fresh fatigue and excitement of the term1 dayV When Mally laid on the great slab of peat for the ; gathering of the kitchen fire, ; she' star ted to hear a tap at the window. The sound was not un common of nights where ; farm servants lodgey but every countryman, far and near, was aware thatthe Hayston folk would .flit next day, arid; might be seen and spoken 'with in the course of their flitting. Every younger cbuntryman: was occupied more or less this: night, if not with his o^vn flitting, with that of his immediate neigh bor. None of the women sleeping fib ^sweetly1 had reason to bo restless in anticipation of a visitor.-.. ?? ^ ' ? ? ? -': '?? ; '?' ':''? ' :' ?' , Mally's heart leapt to her throat. .She thought she know the tap,_yet; how could she after so wide an interval ? Her fancy was play ing a trick on heir ; she was 'a daft arild maid,' sho said with indignation and s'coni, to credit that because one act'had been reproduced of tho play which had been played out before Miss Jeannie was wed or the auld mistress grew aiild (the old figures, every one, had been coming to life again, and moving around her during these dreamy, dreary, bonnie May days), all the acts were to be repeated; .,;?.. The tap came agairiy causing Mally to shake as sho had not. shaken in her life before, and Adam's voice reached her in. a loud whisper1 through the window-pane, 'Mally; will ; you wait and watch wi' me the nicht 1 It is an odds from the nicht I socht you before.'1 '. Mally went to the door, though she walked as if her feet wero loaded with lead. She unlocked and unlatched bolt and latch bunglingly; saying faintly, with a woman's jealous excuse for herself to the shadowy figure without, 1 ' It's a balmy nicht-^-it's no as gin it were winter. I can tak no chill in ^the May air through a crack wi' an auld acquaintance, forby I'm no so fashed wi' hoasts as 1 was wont to bo.' 'Mally,' demanded Adam, with his hand pressing Mally's shoulder, ' will you gang wi' me come Sabbdth, and see my mither 1 She s very frail arid blind now, woman.' ' I'llbe bly the to speir ' for her gin that will do her phy glide,' granted Mally iremulously, but in her sympathy, maintaining lier woman s perversity and hypocrisy to ' the last, for, after all;' Mally, with her troraendous dignity and stanchness, was only a woman.' ' \Vo ha'o been twa fules wha ha'e lost the best o' their days.' swore Adam, speaking under that inconstant but sweet May' sky, : which could frown and smile again twenty, times in a day. The sentence was disparaging in every light, yet Mally assented to ? the condemnation mildly, ' Sae ha'e we, my man.' ' . Adam brightened, the next moment, as men will brighten when their opponents show symp toms' of giving in,g cheered at the same time by ? a welcome recollection. ?.;.:.' i1 ,:,?.-??; ' Folk may laugh,' ho ' declared, 'let them laugh, Maliy, wo may do't the morn. We ha'e na lost the fees for the cryings, and your red plaid is aye to tho fore.' ? ! : ,'; 