IRELAND. The Irish Conservative journals point with much satisfaction to the attitude taken by the Irish Liberal members on the new Processions Act. The statement of the Solicitor- General for Ireland, that S it was impossible to carry on the govern ment of Ireland without coercive laws, ' is said to have been received with derisive cheers. During the debate Mr. Maguire informed the House that it was not in the interest of the Government that he supported the adjournment, and that he would vote against the Bill on the second reading. Mr. Downing hinted that the Government might avail of the proposed measure to stop the agitation in favour of a Federal Parliament for Ireland. " An Irish proprietor" has published a remarkable letter in the London Standard in which he asserts that nobody in Ireland likes the Land Bill. He says the labourers detest it, the tenant farmers fear it wiil cause a rise in their rents, and the land- : lords feel that their power to exercise their rights and duties will be seriously compromised. He thinks with a Roman Catholic priest in the county Meath, that the Bill gives a licence to evict, and believes that it will cause social disunion and political weakness. But, he adds, there are signs that Irishmen generally will counteract this last effect by political union. At a conference of the various tenant rights associations of Ulster, held in Belfast on Friday, a resolution was adopted on the motion of the Rev. Mr. Robinson, a Presbyterian Minister, calling on the House of Commons to reject the alterations made by the Lords in the Bill. The Liberals of Dublin are bestirring themselves in the interest of their can didate at the forthcoming election for the city. There are various rumours afloat respecting the candidature of Con servative, Liberal, National, and Tory- National candidates, but there is nobody openly in the field yet. Irish Newspapers. — On Saturday July 23rd, a deputation of Irish newspapers proprietors waited by appointment, upon the Chancellor of the Exchequer, to seek to induce him so to amend the "Post- Office Bill" of which he is one of the sponsors, as to render it just to the Irish proprietors. The deputation was intro duced by the Right Hon. Dr. Ball, and was accompanied by Mr. Maguire, M. P. , Cork ; Ion Tront Hamilton, Esq., M.P., Dublin ; Mr. Callan, M.P., Dundalk ; Viscount Crichton, M.P., Enniskillen ; Col. Taylor, M. P., Dublin; Colonel the Hon. Arthur Cole, M.P., Fermanagh; Sir Patrick O'Brien, Bart., M.P., King's County; Mr. Russell, M.P., Limerick; Mr. Synan, M.P., Limerick, and Major O'Reilly, M.P. , Longford. As the Chan cellor of the Exchequer only intimated late the evening before at what hour he would receive the deputation it was im possible to give adequate notice, and many of those were absent who would otherwise have been present. The Hon. secretary to the. deputation stated its object. The Chancellor of the Exchequer listened to the representations of the deputation and the members who suppor ted it and then briefly informed them that he could not accede to the request. He did not consider it necessary to state his reason for this decision. Both the question and the deputation were c ' merely Irish," and as such were got rid of with scant ceremony, though I am bound to say that some of the gentlemen who were experienced in . the matter stated afterwards that the right hon. gentleman was more civil, or less uncivil, than, usual. The Irish newspapers have, however, something yet to say on the question, and it is to be hoped that they will not permit the contemplated inj ustice to be inflicted upon them without at least entering a protest against it. A motion will, it is understood, be made in the house on the subject, and be suppor ted by Irish members of all political opinions. It is not for that reason the more likely to be carried, however, but it may serve as a test of the assertion so often made that on Irish aflairs the house would always defer to the wishes of the Irish members if unanimous. Not an Irish member advocates the fining of the whole Irish press by a bill which at the same time confers large benefit on the English and Scotch papers, and notably on a paper with which Mr. Lowe was once intimately connected himself. We will see if the unanimous opinions of the Irish members of all parties on this point will be respected by the house, or treated with the same contempt as that with which Mr. Lowe treated the remonstrances of the Irish press. A straw shows the way the wind blows. — Freeman. Repeal op the Union. — Give to Ire land a State Legislature and a State Executive in Dublin ; secure thereby the residence of its ablest men in the coun try. Open a fair field as ministers, legis lators, and orators to its best and wisest men. Afford from the same source, as would necessarily and certainly be done, occupation to Irish architects, sculptors, painters, and secure a resident aristocracy of worth, talent and wisdom, and you will at the same time restore the wealth, trade, and commerce of Dublin and Ire land. Dumb Ireland will then speak again. H alf -inanimate Ireland will again awaken to national life and breathe the breath of hope and freedom. Whilst by again accustoming the Irish people to the management of their own affairs, and to administrative duties of the highest order, a willing people will be educated in that political kmowledge which will put an end to the ills which afflict them, the causes and cure of which none can under stand as well as themselves — Sir George Greg's Pamphlet. The Dublin correspondent of the Times has placed before the people of England a picture (quoted from an Irish paper) which, if told of any other nation (Spain for instance), would elicit a howl of hor ror from the Tweed to the Land s End. It is a description of a visit paid by Mrs. Luby, wife of the Fenian prisoner, to her husband. She had not seen him for more than three years, and when the in terview was obtained she was led into a huge cage, grated with heavy iron bars, her husband was brought from his cell to another huge cage, grated also with heavy iron bars, apart from that in which she was detained. A gaoler stood beside him — stern, watchful, listening, and re- pellant. She hears the clank of with drawing bolts, and there was ushered in the living remnant of her husband. He looked worn and pallid, shrunk and shrivelled with suffering and semi-starva tion, so that she was appalled at his appearance; he seemed so aged and so utterly broken down. Only when parting she was allowed for a moment to touch his hand. Of course this will all be denied by those papers which were the loudest to express their indignation at the thought that some prisoners in Naples were to be seen in cages. The cage system, it seems, prevails in England too, but of course no one must presume to de scribe British prison officials in any other language than as the gentlest of gaolors. — Universe. Coadjutor Bishop of Killala. — In accordance with the authorization given to the Most Rev. Dr. Feeny, Bishop of Killala, by the Supreme Pontiff to con vene his clergy for the purpose of recom mending three persons, any of whom might be selected as his coadjutor bishop, an assembly of the diocesan clergy was recently held in the Cathedral church, Ballina, and the Mass of the Holy Ghost having been celebrated, the following three names were recommended for transmission to Rome: — Yery Rev. Thomas M'Hale, professor, Irish College, Paris — JDignissimus. Yery Rev. Hugh Conway, P.P., county Sligo — Dignior . Yery Rev. Peter Nolan, The Presbytery, Sligo — JDignus. — The Oonnaught Hanger. Tearing- Down Offenseve Placards. — The appeal in the case of the Catholic blacksmith, who was fined by the Fermoy magistrates for tearing down offensive polemical placards exhibited outside the residence of the Rev. Dr. Collis, was de clared that the defendant was guilty of an illegal act, but expressed strong dis approval of the exhibition . of such pla cards, and reduced the penalty to a nominal sum. His Worship recommended the local magistrates to refuse to entertain such charges in future, and to leave the plaintiff to bring an action for the des truction of his iiroperty, and observed that magistrates were not bound to sup port Dr. Collis in conduct calculated to produce a breach of the peace. — Ulster Examiner. Water Mills and Factories in Ireland. — The Chief Secretary for Ireland was lately asked by Mr. Pirn whether he had given his consideration, as promised on the 8th of April last, to the memorial presented to him by a deputation of the owners of water mills and factories in Ireland, complaining of the injury inflicted on them by the Salomn Fishery Act of last session, and whether he is now prepared to afford them legislative relief . Mr. C. Fortescue replied that he had given the best atten- in his power to the question, and he had been assured by the law officers of the Crown in Ireland that in every case in which any serious cause of complaint had arisen steps had been taken to remove it. With regard to any legislative relief, he thought it might be well to ascertain how the present Act worked between this and the next meeting of Parliament, and he hoped that, if in the interim the existing law was exercised with forbearance and moderation, there would be no occasion for a further appeal to Parliament. Irish Monumental Cross. — There is at present on view at the stoneyard of Messrs. Eardley and Powells, Dublin, a magnificent Jrish cross, twenty-six feet high, intended to surmount a monument on the rock of Cashel. The cross, as a work of art, has peculiar claims to the most favorable notice on account of the ancient models being faithfully k ept in view, and because of the variety and excellence of , the emblematic designs, and the admirable manner "in which they have been exe cuted. The ornamentation is most florid, and represents a very great amount of patient and highly skilful labor. No Celtic cross of modern construction that we have seen even distantly approached j the merit of the one under notice, which is intended for a site 011 one of the most prominent positions of the greatest and npost historic group of ecclesiastical ruins in Ireland. On the front of the cross is the crucifixion, in prominent relief, and nearly life-size, surmounted by a dove, and surrounded with symbolical figures of the evangelists, typified, as in the Revelations. At the feet of our Lord . crucified are ears of wheat and a vine ! tree. In front of the shaft are three j panels, representing legendary incidents j in the life of ht. Pat: ick, as a captive, as a shepherd, and as the apostle of Ireland, j — Freeman's Journal. Return oe the Most Rev. Dr. Leahy. — The return of the Most Rev. Dr. Leahy, Lord Bishop of Dromore, j from the (Ecumenical Council at Rome i has been selected by his lordship's parisho- j ners as a seasonable opportunity for ex- ; pressing their devotion towards him as their spiritual guide, and their apprecia- : tion of his kindness and watchful care, j The address wras drawn up beautifully engrossed, and bearing the mitre at the ; head. After warmly expressing their pleasure at his lordship's return, and expressing their knowledge of his many graces and virtues, the following reference to the (Ecumenical Council, which is especially interesting in view of the vote just recorded at Rome: — "Of the deliberations and decisions of that great Council of the Church we presume not of ourselves to offer any opinion. As members of the Church of Christ we are admonished by the inspired writings to obey our prelate and be subject to them, for thev watch as being called to render u o an account of our souls, and that being so we can have 110 doubt but the spirit of God pervades their Council." In reply to this paragraph His Lordship says — "That portion of yur address af fords me particular pleasure in which you profess your unhesitating and unqualified submission to whatever decisions may be promulgated by the Church now assem bled in General Council. This is the true Catholic spirit, and I humbly and gratefully thank God who has bestowed it upon you. Those decisions w7ill be formed after ample discussion, and fre quent and earnest prayer, by prelates gifted with great abilities, extensive ecclesiastical learning, and great experi ence." His Lordship makes eloquent reference to the glories of the Eternal City, and affectionately alludes to the j Holy Father, whom he left in excellent | health and spirits, and who sent through j His Lordship his paternal blessing to his ; people in this diocese. We understand j that the students of St. Colman's Col- j lege also presented His Lordship with a , filial address after the examination at the j close of the session. The Catholics of j the parish of Newry are much rejoiced at ; having their revered bishop again amongst them, for his zeal and charity and learn ing have endeared him to them as a parent and a friend. — Freeman's Journal. Encounter Between the Orangemen and Poltce. — An encounter took place recently between a gathering of Orange men and a party of police at a place called Civiltown, near Laurencetown. A green arch was erected at the Point, and as it was feared a conflict might ensue between the Orangemen and Catholics on the return of the former from a sham fight at Guildford, the police wisely removed the arch. They went to perform a similiar office for an Orange arch, when they were attacked with stones, and several of them were severely hurt. An inspector, who was in charge of the police, was seized by three or four of the Orangemen, and he was obliged to draw his sword to defend hin self. The police charged with the bayonet, and it is said several of the Orangemen received injuries. The Orangemen were driven from the ground, and the arch was then removed. The police force has been augmented, and it is supposed they will be kept at Laurence- town.— -JSortkern whig. 