'- T*&kauri6tr-oF; abobibald. ^ itiriimd from Ike Northern Atmu.\ Ot JTiilllMlimii iminn tot, and at about fctf^le3f35giri number of people ?tSEBJJt'nuiiT T--*--- we expected crossed 'tfceW toward* the«aol, in older to tear and aae tb« last of Wklexarxler Archibald, the aider fad abettor in,Tinot tbe instigator o£ the imnr- derrfPWiidtHillijSiO., The prison bellbe^n tffbuL aooni a quarter oerore awn, «™™» «j afterward. Archibald, accompanied by the Rev MessiM'Carwin, Hartley and Jeokyn, moved fantte condemned eel! into the yard where the gaH«.ws was erected, and where, the 'P«*t»to™- about eiAty is nnmbir, where assembled, tie ^jki nut aeem utterly depressed and broken down Nul Palmer, defiant and cold like Williams, neither bad he that strange down look, both I sending and repulsive, so marked in Griffin He appeared iu feet to be as one who was con ioioaTtnat he had led an evil life, whose Bins bad been brought home to him, and who was about b- expiate, repentant and hopeful, his crimes, and to make, by hi* manner of dying, the only reparation he possibly could, to man and to his Maker. As he walked along the patch, on either side of which the flowers were blooming, he listened with respectful attention to the words which fell from the R«v. Mr. Carsou who preceded him, although at the same time his eyes moved about him as if hungry to catch the last look of old and familiar faces. Behind lain walked the Rev. Messrs. Hartley and Jenkyn and the oflicaU ; when he arrived at the foot of the ladder, with head bent, he re mained st&ndiug;, according to the fashion of the Presbyterian church, of which be was a member, while fir. Carson prayed, and at the cUe of every seiiteuce, wheu his soul was cftmmended to the mercy of Heaven, or when he was des cribed as one repentant, he auswered ' les! yes '' and at the conclusion of the service for the dead he said in a loud voice, 'amen ! amen !' Almost immediately after Mr. Jenkyn had concluded, the voice of the doomed man rose calmly aud firmly in extempore prayer. O Lord God, our inuat merciful and Heavenly Father, I tbsuik Hie* that Thou hast allowed me to live a life i.f *- years, the gi^ater portion ot which I have spent in sin, wickedness, and misery, and I thank Tliee that Thou hast given me a lew seek?* in prisou, in order that I tuigbt be bmuebt v- rei«itanee ; that thou hast eu ^Jedmtto iWThy blessed Boot that Thy light might shine into my souL O Lord. Thou hast indeed shewn Thyself a God of mercy to me . Thwu hi$i given toe strength and comfort, fcud I an regard my coffin with as little fear as 1 dfe! ray bed. O'Lord. I thank Thee for the .fcebarge TThmi hast given me from life and sin, nad I hope that my fate will strike terror into tat hevu ul the wicked --!' ail the world. I was led on by my sins bUiidfolded to the gallows, ii,»i now.' -'- Ujrd God, look down with pity upun me I thank Thee that I was cleared of tfe.** drvurui uva* this moruing. andtbat I am as I aa- may I he tonsiJered by all the world a- a livmi sSKnnce. and I give up to thee my tpew. OLofd. wh- 41y I 1k-e* acceptable to Thee. I baseeeb Tea* to bear my prayer, O Lord, for say dear wife aad cuiidnen. watch over them, Uk*- tiaau *j«i di.-Ck.-t them in the path of rsrfiir-«i«:«^. O O»pd biess them. O God, I ^cay fur, s:y «;emie*. acd forgive those who *»»« evki«-of if liar : me, is 1 forgive them, and . dt»t ?t those whi perjured themselves, k'd*ejdii*o. I th-us k Thee. O God, that Thou tk-c eaabiei me tu hve to he able to ask pardon fur them a»i for myself is I have d- ne. I regret Ctri: .icTtiee should have been curbed. God forbid thai; I -fcvdd one nr I* cirsed by any man, tad I b- f* this all will freely forgive me as I IbrstTg 'Ltm. I hive x* thank God that I have br enemies, ind I h-'P« that I shall meet all my edaskxD! icd fnenA; in Heaven. I saw the like njsfi? of «-ir 'vivimr ye^vniay, and I said I shall see hrm m reality in Heavea to-morrow. I t&aak; the itrthcTtties for allowing my friends to fte me. O God. have mercy upon me, have mercy npoa me for my Savious Christ's sake. Amen. Aiueu. He dwelt upon the last work with marked em phasic, and when he had brushed his prayer, there were but few present who did not look upon the prostrate man as one who was deeply sensible of his sins, aud as one who, however he might have erred, was not to be utterly con demned and cast out. Archibald rose aud asked the gaoler whether he might place the flowers in the coffin. Receiving an answer in the affirm ative, he walked from the foot of the scaffold to the place where the coffin was lying under the drop ; the lid was lifted up for him, and he managed to place the flowers on the spot where his head would rest. He looked fur a moment or two calmly upon the bed upon which lie was so soon to lie, and without making any comment walked composedly back to the foot of the gallows, and asked the Rev. gentlemen to accompany him to the drop. He mounted the steps steadily, but without the slightest affectation of haste, and as he went he said, ' Thanks be to God, I am climbing to Hea ven.' Upon reaching the platform the rope was directly placed round his neck, and he inti mated to the hangman that he was desirous of speaking. - He then stepped forward, and said in a loud voice, although at times it trembled, and shewed the struggle that was going on within him : — ' Dear mends, I will say a few kind words to you before I leave this wicked world.. I hope and trust that my words, and that my fearful end, will go forth and not only make an impression upon you, but be a warning to you and to all the world. I shall say nothing ?bout my trial, about its fairness or unfairness, nor shall I say anything about the past 1 bless thoae who discovered my sin ; I bless my coun tryman who found me guilty, and the judge who aentenbed me ; God bless his soul, and may he live long to administer that justice which he has always tempered with mercy. I have prayed late and early for all those witnesses who com mitted penury against me— if they did so— and I have prayed for all and everybody late and early. I now want to show you that there is much difference between me and a man who has the animal courage to commit a murder. There is a difference between a man possessing animal courage aafficient to enable to walk up to a man and deliberately shoot him, and then to walk to the callows without fear, and me, for the strength I have got is from the Almighty; the Almighty has given me strength to say these few words to you, and to meet my death hopefully. I do ' *ot stfr this from any outward boast, that some bbokgnald may say that I died game ; God for bid tiiatl should die like a cor. I thank my Oodthatl «an do better than that, and. meet aydMtfaa** Christum, and I trust and hope that when all of you meet death yon may meet ft wi&tUsan;* fifth and peaces I do. lam an UDMfakMUd m *uA my position is * very ?MlgBimSggsMTik. wr . Fare that he would have had sufficient nerve to utter a syllable ; not one there who had known him of old and listened to his conversation could at all understand how so wonderful a change could have been effected in seven weeks, and how the wild, careless, dare-devil Archibald could thus stand on the scaffold and tejcli by words and actions how an erring human creature ought to meet his Maker. Turning from the spectators he requested Mr. Carson tn offer up another prayer. That gentleman directly complied, and said, — ' Into Thy merciful hands, O Lord, we commend the soul of Thy servant— now about to be severed from his body— receive him, we commend Thee, into the arms of Thy mercy. [Archibald : Yes.] Let not his faith waver, nor his hope fail. (Archibald : No ! no !] Let him die in peace, rest in hope, and die in glory. [Archibald: Yes.] The reverend gentleman then taking Archibald's hand said aloud,— 'Dear brother, God the Father who hath created thee : God the Son wh» hath redeemed thee ; God the Holy Ghost who hath eutused grace into thee, be now and evermore thy de fence. [Archibald: Yes.| Assist thee in this thy hist trial, and bring thee to everlasting joy —Amen.' With his voice trembling with emo tion, Archibald repeated the Amen. ror a moment he stood perfectly still, and then said, ' I have forgotten to say good-bye to Mr. Hartley ; he turned round to and shook hands with Messrs. Hartley and Jeiikyn, and said ' good-bye.' The reverend gentlemen gave him the parting benediction, and left the drop. As they did so Archibald said, 'the Lord have mercy upon me.' He then stepped forward, and said to the spectators, ' I should like to hear one word from you all for my poor soul's sake. Let uie bear' you say, ' the Lord have mercy upon you.' ' These words were uttered in such a tone of strong aud earnest appeal, that 'the Lord have mercy on your soul' welled up as it were from the people, who were most of them apparently affected. When the sound of the praver had died away, the stillness while one could Lave counted t*u, was almost paini^S then Archibald in a loud, clear, aud what may be called an exultant voice, exclaimed, ' Tbank vou ! thank vou ! God lie thanked, 1 can now die in peace ! He drew r little back and, ' Fear not : fear not ! Let not the body oe ainuu ; lei -uui uearus nut uc nuuuicu, v«^ i be filled with song- God bless you all.' The I hangman directly placed the white cap over bis head ; during the operation he was still praying aud his last look upon those who stood beneath him was calm, and as he had promised there was just the flicker of a smile upon his lips. This was the last glimpse that was caught of the living face of Archibald. The cap was fastened aud from behind it could be heard, 'O merciful Godrecei— . . .' The prayer was never com pleted by words, for at that instant the signal was given by the Deputy Sheriff ; there was a sharp grating sound, then simultaneously the trap, and the body of Alexander Archibald fell, and the soul of the last of those three miserable men. who had been concerned in the murder of Halugan had flown to meet those of his partners iu crime, to plead for, aud let us hope, to obtnin forgiveness. 