POETRY. FROM THE WRECK. A Gallopping Rhyme. A TRUE STORY, by the author of "ASTAROTH." "Turn out, boys" — "What's up with our super' to night? The man's mad — Two hours to daybreak I'd swear — Stark mad — why there is'nt a glimmer of light." "Take Bolingbroke, Alec, give Jack the young mare. Look sharp. A large vessel lies jamm'd on the reef, And many on board still, and some wash'd on shore Ride straight with the news — they may send some relief From the township; and we — we can do little more. You, Alec, you know the near cuts; you can cross The 'Sugarloaf' ford with a scramble I think. Don't spare the blood filly, nor yet the black horse. Should the wind rise, God help them, the ship will soon sink. Old Peter's away down the paddock to drive The nags to the stockyard as fast as he can. A life and death matter; so lads look alive." Half dress'd, in the dark to the stockyard we ran. There was bridling with hurry, and saddling with haste, Confusion and cursing for lack of a moon. "Be quick with those buckles, we've no time to waste." "Mind the mare, she can use her hind legs to some tune." "Make sure of the crossing-place; strike the old track, They've fenced off the new one; look out for the holes On the wombat hills." "Down with the slip rails; Stand back." "And ride boys, the pair of you, ride for your souls." In the low branches heavily laden with dew, In the long grasses spoiling with dead wood that lay Where the blackwood, the box, and the bastard oak grew, Between the tall gumtrees, we gallopp'd away — We crashed through a brush fence, we splash'd through a swamp — We steered for the north near "the Eaglehawk's Nest" — We bore to the left, just beyond "the Red Camp," And round the black tea-tree belt wheel'd to the west — We cross'd a low range sickly scented with musk — From wattle-tree blossom — we skirted a marsh — Jhen tbe dawn faintly dappled with orange tbe ilu-k, And peal'd overhead the jay's laughter note harsh. And Bhot tbe fint sunstreak behiud us, and soon The dim dewy uplands were dreamy with light, And fall on our left flwh'd "the Reedy lagoon," And sharply "tbe flugar-loaf" rear'd on our right. A smother'd curse broke tbrougb tbe bushman's brown beaid. He tum'd in his saddle, bis brick-colour'd cheek Flush'd feebly with euudawn, said, "Just what I fear'd; Last fortnight's late rainfall has flooded the creek.'' Black Bolingbroke snorted, and stood on the brink One instant, then deep in the dark doggish swirl Plunged headlong, I saw tbe horse suddenly sink. Till round the man's armpits the wave seem'd to curl. We followM, one cold shook, and deeper we sank Than they did, and twice tried the landing in vain, Tbe third struggle won it, straight up the steep bauk We rtagger*d, then out on the skirts of the plain. The stockrider, Alec, at starting had got The lead, and bad kept it throughout; 'twas his boost, That through thickset of scrub he could steer like a shot, And tbe black hone was counted the beet on the coast The mare had been awkward enough in the dark. She wssenger and headstrong, and barely half broke; She bad had me too cloee to a big stringy bark. And bad made a near thing of a crooked ehieoak; But now on the open, lit up by the morn. She flung the white foam-flakes from nostril to neck, And chased him—I hatless, with shirtsleeves nil torn (For be may rifle ragged who rides from a wreck)— And fester and foster across the wide heath We rode tiU we rased. Then I gave her her heed. And she—stretching oat with the uit in her teeth She caught him, outpaced him, and passed him, and led. — We nesr'd the new fenoe; we were wide of the track; 1 look*d right and left—the had never been tried At a slit Imp. 'Twae little he cared on the black. " You're mora than a mils from the gateway," be cried. I bung to her heed, touched her flank with the spun (In the red streak of rail not the ghost of a gap); She shot tened her long stroke, she pricked her sharp earn, She flung it behind her with hardly a rap— I saw the port quiver where BoUngbroke struck, And guessed that the pace we had come the l*st mile Had blown him a bit (he could jump like a buck). We gallppped more steadily then for a while. Tbe heeth was soon pess'd, in the dim dietanoe lay The mountain. The enb was J art clearing the tips Of tbe ranges to eastward. Tbe mare—oouid she stay ? She was bred very nearly as clean as Eclipse; She led and ae oft as he came to her side She took the bit free end untiring as yet, Her neek was arched double, her nostrils were wide, 1 And the tips of her tapering ears nearly met— "You're lighter than I am," said Alec at last ' "The horse is dead heat and tbe mare lent blown. She mrot be a good one—ride on end ride fast. You know your way now." 60 I rode on alone. Still g&llopping; forward we paas'd the two flocks At & in tyre's but and M'Allistnr'e hUl— She was gallouping strong at tbe Warrigal Bocks— On tbe Wallaby Bangs she was galiopping still— And over the weatelandaod under tbe wood. By down and by dale and by fell and by flat Sbegallopii'd, ana ben in the stirrups I stood 1 To ease bob and there in the saddle 1 sat To etoerlufc, We suddenly struck the red loam Ofdbe tnek near ths troughs—then she reelel on ertte her croup covered over with foam, . t-refl bar nostrils and bloodshot her eyes. A dip in the dell where the wattle fire bloomed— A bend round a bank tliat had abut oat the view— Lurgt^ framed in the* mild ltj:ht the-mountain had , With* taB purple peak bursting out from the blue. I pull'd her together, I prme'd her and she Shot down the decline to the Company's yard, And on by the paddocka, yet under my knee I eould feel bar heart thumping the saddle-flaps herd,. Yet a mile and another, and n&w; we were near The goel, and the fieldi and the terms flitted past, And 'twlxt ths two fenoes I tum'd with a oheer, For a green grmfcdmare twas a for thing and fast; And laboorwB, tensed by her galiopping hook k Saw bare-headed ridor and Gm-eneeted steed; And ahoue the white walls and the slate-oolourod roofc Of the township. I steadied her then—I had need Where stood the old chapel (where standi the new ohuroh-— Sinot chapels to churches have ohanged in that libf her aider She had never wont shoes. ' *'■ ' r, there are < 1 wreck that must baffle Let Kendall write legends in lettets of go! jwa among children 0f men. 