She listorne! the (ftimlish By Bbooke Foss Westcott, B.D. From the London Quarterly Bevietv.) The publication of this volume adds another <o tho scries of careful, accurate, and interest ing works for which Mr. Westcott deserves the thanks of every biblical student. In liis previously published and now well- known vol- \- times — the Introduction to the Study of the Four Gospels, tho History of the Canon of the New Testament during the First Four Centuries, and . The Bible in the Church — he has very happily . succeeded in combining the popular manual with the scholar's book of reference and au thority. To a learning and accuracy which -command respect and confidence he unites what are not always found in union with these qualities, the 110 less valuable faculties of lucid arrangement and graceful and facile expres sion. In this his latest work lie lias dealt with a congenial subject, well fitted to form a sequel to his former works, and likely to meet with a \- -wider and more general circle of readers than even they have met with. There are few sub jects, indeed, so closely connected with theo- -Jogy and religion ; and which arc, or should be, of so much general and literary interest as the history of the English Bible. The student of English literature and the student of Eng lish history may find almost as much in it to repay their thought and research as the stu dent of theology or of ecclesiastical history. From various causes, and especially from the .political and religious disputes and controver sies of the past, as an American writer has re. marked, the Bible lias become known to the anind, and incorporated into the heart and the speech, of the English people, to a greater ex tent than any other hook ever entered into the life of man, with tho possible exception of the Hebrew Scriptures, the Homeric poems, and the Arabic Koran. The subject, therefore, of Mr. Wcstcott's hook might he expected to possess attraction for many readers, apart from tho literary ability, the faithful labour, and the chastened enthusiasm which lie has thrown into the execution of it. Passing over with slight notice the remains of our earliest translations of the Scriptures, Mr. Westcott dates the commencement of the history of the English Bible at the close of tlie fourteenth century. That history is twofold. ' There is the external history of the different versions, as to when, and by whom, and under what circumstances they were made; and there is the internal history, which deals with, their relation to other texts, with their filiation one on another, and with the principles by which they have been successively modified.' Under these two divisions he treats it ; and the arrangement being a convenient one, we shall try to follow it in going over the same ground in the following pages. I11 the historic current which wo are about to trace, 110 more .prominent epoch emerges than that which marks the invention and application of the art cf printing — tho great mechanical and literary revolution of the. fifteenth century, hardly less Important in its consequences than the grent religious and intellectual revolution of the sixteenth ; and the history of our translations cf the Scriptures falls naturally into two periods, that which precedes this cpoub, and that which follows it, The first of those periods, that of the Manuscript Bible, ends with tho publication of Tyndalc's Printed New Testament in 152o, tho second that of the Printed Bible, begins in 152o and ends inlCll, with the publication of our present Authorised Version. The Manuscript Bible, Tho remains of the early attempis in our country to render the Scriptures into the vernacular possess little interest for anyone but tho literary antiquarian, yet the work which was afterwards effected is more highly valued after comparison with these early and partial attempts. The long Anglo-Saxon poem attributed to Cacdmon, a monk in the monastery of Whitby, near tho Close of the seventh century, is rather a metri cal paraphrase of the narratives of the Old and ®few Testaments than a translation properly .jBOtCalled. The epithet 4 Miltomc' has been .- applied to some el the passages in the poom, jandidic description of the assembly of Lucifor .JWditba fallen angels 111 consternation at tho Jtacaiiuwtion of Christ, has bcon compared with 41ic fumssis passage in Paradise Lost. But tbc mention <oi such a senne is sufficient to show how fur the work in which it occurs must ho from anything like a translation of the Scrip tures. A version of the I'salter into Anglo- Saxon is said to have been m.vle by Aldhclm, Bishop of- Shorborn, in the same'tfentury ; and ho has been supposed to be the au'thor, at least in part, of the Royal Library at l'aris at the commencement of the present contiiy- The name of the Venerable Bedo is also associated with this work. In his epistle to Bishop Eg bert, ' on ecclesiastical discipline, he vccAm- jmonds him to endeavour to implant deeply ,'c tho memory of alt men the Catholic faith which is contained in the Apostles' Creed, and tho Lord's Prayer as it is taught us in tbo Holy Gospel, and that the vulgar, that; is, those who know only their own language, must be made to say them and repeat them over and over again in their own language. ' I have myself, also,' lie adds, 4 often given English translations of both of these, namely, tho Creed and the Lord's Prayer, to uneduca ted priests.' His longest attempt, however, at translation into his native tongue, to our eyes strangely out of proportion to his volu minous Latin works, was mado just before his death, in 735 ; and is recorded by his disciple, Cutlibcrt, in tho touching and beautiful letter which he wrote after the death of his ' father and master, whom God loved.' It deserves a place among the too scanty records of our earliest translators : — 1 He also sang antiplious according to our custom and hi3 own, one of which is, 4 O glorious King, Lord of all power, who, tri umphing this day, didst ascend above all the heavens ; do not forsake us orphans ; hut send down upon ns the Spirit of Truth which was promised us by the Father. Hallelujah!' And when he came to that word, ' do not for sake us,' he burst into tears, and wept much, and an hour after he began to repent what I10 had commenced, and wc, hearing it, mourned with him. By turns wc read and by turns wc wept, nay, we wept always whilst wc read. . . During these days I10 laboured to compose two works well worthy to he remembered, beside tlie lessons we had from him, and singing of Psalms, viz., he translated the Gospel of St. John as far as the words, 4 But what are these among so many, etc., (chap. vi. 9.) into our own tongue, for the benefit of the Church ; and some collection out of the Book of Notes by Bishop Isidorous, saying, 4 1 will not have my pupils read a falsehood, nor labour therein without profit after my death.' 1Vhen the Tuesday before the Ascension of our Lord came, he began to suffer still more in his breath, and a slight swelling appeared in his feet; but I10 passed all that day and dictnted cheerfully, and now and then among other thing said, 4 Go on quickly, I know not how long I slinll hold out, and whether my Maker will not soon take me away.' But to us lie seemed very well to know the time of his de parture ; and so he spent the night, awake, in thanksgiving ; and when the morning appeared that is. Wednesday, he ordered us to write with all speed what lie had begun; and this done, we walked till the third hour with the relies of saints, according to the custom of that day. There was one of us with him, who said to him, Most dear master, there is still one chapter wanting ; do you think it trouble some to be asked any more questions ?' He answered, 'It is 110 trouble. Take your pen. and make ready, and write fast.' Which lie did, but at the ninth hour he said to me, 'I have some little articles of value in my chest, such as pepper, napkins, and incense; run quickly, and bring the priests of our monas tery to me, that I may distribute among them the gifts which God lias bestowed on me.' . . . Having said much more, lie passed the day joyfully till the evening ; and the boy above mentioned, said : 'Dear master, there is yet one sentence not written.' He answered, Write quickly.'' Soon after, the hoy said, 'It is finished.' Ho replied, 'It is well, you have said tho truth. It'is finished. Take my head into your hands, for it is a great satisfaction to me to sit facing my holy place, where I was won't to pray, that I may also sitting call upon my Father.' And thus 011 the pavement of his little cell, singing; ' Glory he to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost,' when ho had named tlie Holy Ghost, lie breathed his last, and so departed to the heavenly kingdom.' — Works of the Venerable Bede , cd, by Giles (1843), vol. i. pp. lxxxi. — Ixxxiii. and clxiv. — clxvi. After Bede, tho next name in the list of translators is that of King Alfred. To the he- ginning of the code of laws digested and pro mulgated by him in Anglo-Saxon, he prefixed the Ten Commandments and some other suit able passages from the hook of Exodus ; and, according to William of Malmoshury, ho began a version of tho Psalms not long hc-forc his death in 001. A translation of the Gospels, made probably in the ninth century, is extant in at least six MSS. of later date, and lias thrice been published. The narratives of tho Evangelists were also made accessible to tho Anglo-Saxon reader by glosses written be tween the lines of the text in copies of the Latin Gospels. Two such MSS. are still pre served ; one in the British Museum, and tho other in the Badleian Library. The former, known by the name of the Durham Book , is a beautiful volume, having tho Latin text of Jerome's translation, interlined by an Anglo- Saxon version written, as a note at the end in forms us, by a priest named Aldrcd. The lat ter, known ns the Bushworth Gospels or Gloss, was made by two persons, Owun, and Fnrmon, a priest ; and, like the other, probably belongs to the tenth century. Glosses of the same kind were also made about the same date on tho Psalter, the Lord's Prayer, the Canticles of tho Church and different portions of Scripturo. In the latter part of the tenth century, Aclfrio translated the Pentateuch, Joshua, Judges, part of tho books of Kings, Esther, Job, Judith, and tho two books of Maccabees : but his object boing to give the BubBtance rotlior than . the words, of the parts of Scripture which I10 trans- Ilated, he iu many cases omited, and in others abridged, the erignal narrative and precepts. He also wrote an epitome or short account of tho Old and New Testaments, and n large num ber of homilies, eighty of which still remain, full of quotations from the sacred writers. Tho incursions of tlie Dnncs and the invasion of the Normans must necessarily have caused the loss of much of the previously existing Anglo-Saxon sacred literature ; but manuscripts which havo been preserved prove that versions of the Gos pels and other books were still in use and wore reproduced by transcription in tho eleventh and twelfth centuries. Before the closo of the lust of these periods, the Normans had translated into the dialect known as Anglo-No. -man tho book of Psalms and the hymns of the Church ; and before the middle of the thirteenth century, a prose version, in that dialect, of the whole Bible seems to have been completed, as well as a metrical history of the Old Testament to tho end of Kings. Coming now to the period known as that of Semi-Sajon (called- Second English by those who prefer the name First English to that of Anglo-Saxon), we meet with the metrical paraphrase of the Gospels and Acts of Orm or Ormin, named by him after himself the Onnnlmn. It extends to nearly 10,00 lines, and is interesting for its peculiar versification and tho singular mode of spoiling adopted 011 principle by the autliorj; but as a translation it is very fnr from being literal. Its influence also must have been confined within the very narrowest limits, for it is onlv found in one manuscript, which is believed to bo the autograph ; and this work, for tho proper spell ing of which its author left strict, injunctions to the copyists, has never been copied at all ! With the Ormulv.m may be classed a long para phrase in verse of the principal events of tlie Old and New Testament narratives, under tho title Sahis Animee, or in English, Sowlehele . Another paraphrase, limited to t-lip events in Genesis and Exodus, and of rather later dale than the last-named, is still preserved in the library of Corpus Christi College, Cambridgo. There is also a manuscript of the Psalter in verse, of which five other copies are found else where. " During tho reign of the first three Edwards," it has been said by a good authority, " there appeared a great variety of poetical composi tions upon sacred subjects, containing large ex tracts from Scripture. Some of these were tnkon from the Anglo-Norman and French originnls. Tho principal were in tho form of legends of saints, and for tho fasts and festivals of the Church ; parplirascs of the Gospel les sons ; narratives of the passion and resurrec tion of our Lord ; relations of the creation n d fall of man ; expositions of tho Pater Nostcr, the Creeds, the Ten Commandments, and the Avo Maria ; and exhortations to confession and penitence." Of prose translations of any ontirc books of Scripture into English properly so called, tho earliest seems 1 0 he a version of the Psalter in English and Latin, verse for verse, which is at tributed to William de Schorhnm, vicar of Chart-Sutton in Konfc, in the first quarter of the fourteenth century. Almost contemporary with this, but somewhat later, is the prose ver sion of the Psalter with a commentary executed by Richard Rolle, ' cliantyy priest' at Hampole, near Doncnster. This work of Rollc, who died in 1349, was often transcribed, and a large num ber of copies remain, exhibiting many varia tions in tlie text, and in the commentary differ ing so much from one another, both in matter and length, that little trace of their common origin remains. In a copy written, it appears in the time of Henry the Sixth, it is stated in some prefatory verses, that mnnv copies had been rnndo by ' evil men of Lollnrdry,' who had corrupted it with their own heresies ; and the writer also informs us that the work had heen undertaken at the prayer of a worthy rceluso named Dame Margnred Kirkby, and that tho original manuscript was still lying at Hampole, bound by chains to the author's tomb. A manu. script version of the Gospels of Mark and Luke and the Pauline Epistles has been assigned to the time of -Rolle, hut it more probably belongs to t-lic fifteenth century j and there is reason, therefore, to believe the statement correct, that down to the year 1360 the Psalter was the only book of Scripture which had been enthely ren dered into English. In passing from theso earliest translations to tlint which now moots us, wo exehnuge tho brief and disconnected records of imperfect versions, by authors frequently anonymous and generally ob3curc,fortho ample and completed lnbours of a man whose name and work are interwoven with llio history, of England of his day, no less closely than with tho history of tho Church. Two great names give an enduring and lively interest to English history in the fiftoonth cen tury — John Wycliffe and Geoffrey Chaucer. ' Tho morning star of tho English Reformation' had renclied its setting, before 'the morning star of (English) song' shone forth in its last and brightest period. Born four years after his great contemporary, the poet was fifty-six when the theologian died, and lio lived 011 for sixteen yeirs after liim. They were men of difforent character and genius ; yet we can understand each of them better by the light of the other's works. Chaucer was no WyclifBte and no re former j but many of the abuses which Wycliffe sought to remove were assailed by tho poet with1 keen though humorous sarcasm. Wycliffe was- 110 poet ; but the society in which he played- tho part of a roformcr was that wlijch, after four centuries and a half, still lives with the freshness of yesterday in the pages of the Can terbury Tales. Wo cannot, however, here notico tho history of Wycliffe's life and labours- Wemust refrain from speaking of his honour- - able position at Oxford, and his reputation,- acknowledged even by liis enemies, lor learning and easu:sticnl skill, his controversy with the' Mendicant Friars, his appeal from the offensive treatment of Archbishop Laughain to tho deci sion of tho Popo, lii9 bold and disinterested reply (before that appeal was answered) in tho interests of the realm of England against tho claims for tribute of Urban the Fifth, his nego tiations with tho Papal embnssy at Bruges, his appearence beforo the convocation at St. Paul's to answer charges of false doctrine preferred against him, his condemnation by four Papal bulls, his defence of himself before the nsscmbly at Lambeth, his continued immunity from per sonal punishment, whilo his opinions were fre quently and vehemently denounced, and after so many stormy years his quiet end on tho last day of December, 1384, iu his own Leicester- shircjparisli, whence, forty-four years afterwards, by tho long enduring malice of his enemies, his bones were takon out of their resting-place, burned to ashes, and cast into the little stream at Lutterworth. Nor must wc speak of tlioso smaller treatises, which so well reveal the pro gress of his mind towards independence of human nntliority and submission to tho Divine Word alone. We must pass on to speak briefly of his translation of the Scriptures — tho work to which we may most fitly apply tho character istic saying of Foxc ; — ' This is out of all doubt that ut what time all the world was in most desperate and vilo estate, and tliat the lnment- nblo ignorance and darkness ol God his truth had overshadowed the whole earth, this man stepped out, like a valiant champion, unto whom it may justly be applied that is spoken in the- book called Ecclcsinsticus, of one Simon, the son of Onins, ' Even as the morning star being in the midst of a cloud, and ns the moon being full in her course, and as the bright beams of tho sun, so doth he shine and glister iu . the temple and church of God." ( 2o be Continued.') 