THE SHEARING SEASON. A DALBY correspondent of the D. D. Ga-<*> zette writes on September 10:—A great many troubled looks hare been east at the sky during the last two days. The heavy clouds that hare lowered about us have caused many to think that we are in for another dose of rain i and, aa the lambing season has just commenced, rain at present would be a great drawback, if not a calamity. Bat, after all, I think we shall eava me weather for a time at least, for I find thet some great authority (Baxby, I think) in speaking on this subject, says—"The nearer the time of the moon's change, first quarter, full, and last quarter, are to midnight, tha fairer will be tha weather during tha next seven daya "—and as tha change to full moon (vide Pugh) takes place on the 9th day of the present month, at 55 minutes, 19 seconds past 11 o'clock, p.m., tha next seven days thereafter should be super fine, for it is almost impossible to get nearer to midnight than that with auch a cumbrous article to deal with aa a full mjon* People in terested may, therefore, take heart and rely upon good weather for ten days to come. The temperature ia very agreeable, there is an excel lent spring observable in tha grass, and crops are looking blooming. It would seem that all the up-country rivers and creeks have run themselves out sufficiently to be crossable, as mails now arrive with most aommendable punctuality. At thia time of year, when so many men will be handling sheep—probably for the first time —it might be as well to note that animal poi soning is not unknown hereabout, as witness the unfortunate affair at Weranga twelve months or so ago, and now we have another instance of what a mere scratch may lay a man liable to. About two months since a tradesman m this town, whilat removing Umpaa from a horse, chipped one of the knuckles of his right hand against the horse's teeth. He paid no attention to the scratch until the hand and arm swelled so that medical aid had to be called ia. The doctor cured the great blotch that had resulted from the scratch, but another great blotch broke out farther up the arm, and when that was cured another and yet another here and there all over the arm came like the ghost* in v Mac beth," and up to the present time (since the accident) that man has not earned a shilling, and it is very difficult to say when he may have the full use of his right arm again. Now, suoh a thing aa this ought to induce caution in those who have the handling of sheep for the first time (old hands know how to look out), and take care that no accidental scratch remains unattended to for a single hoar longer than can be prevented. The Dally Harold says:—We have re ceived a sample of potted meat, prepared by Mr. Spriggs, of this town, and which bids fair to become an important local industry. The meat, which is enclosed in tins, has an excellent flavor, and will be found a very acceptable addition to the breakfast table. To , buinmeo and trtreUtn it will bt iuvtluahje, forming m it does • moat desirable change to the salt meat or the everlasting sardine*. Th« tint are about the sic* of a small sardine box. but the quantity of nourishing food eaoh eon- Urns is asserted to be equal to four or fire pound! of beef. We learn that a tolerably good town trade v being done in the artiole, and Urge order* hare been received to supply tbm digging to the north, wh*re ■ wimple shipment was dispatched several months since, and imme diately became a great favorite with the diggers. We reoommend our readers to try the) article, aa we feel assured that it will be found superior to the potted meat imported from Europe, being both more juiej and more whole lOBW. Several large flocks of sheep are at pretest passing through this district. Two days sine*. 14,000, belonging to Mr. Davenport, orosaed the creek #» route for Clifton, where they ar* to be eoiirerted into preserved meat. They arc from Mount Abundance, near Roma. Another flock, belonging to Mr. Page, of the Clareaee Birer, New South Wales pasted through yee> terday. We hare not learnt where they wefw purchased, but they are alto intended to to converted into moat for the home market. W« also learn that a flook of 7000 weaners, really pnnM, from Mr. Geary's station, Clavertoa. Warrego, are in the neighborhood. They m going to Mr. Tooth's station, near Wanrioh. that gentleman having, we understand, beoom* the purchaser. These sheep are spoken of m some of the best in the colony. Claverton ia ftt> be oonverted into a cattle run, and the sheep •re, therefore, being cleared off. """*" The Deniliqui* CkromieU state* that shear ing has commenced on several stations, and where possible, this work will now to started. The weather during the past weak has been very favorable overhead, but the water round many wooltheds at present forbids a mm mencemeat % in fact, some station holders intead to erect temporary sheds, as their old ones, being on low ground, cannot now be occupied. The Dubbo Dupateh of Friday, September * says:—"From information to hand froath* various establishments in these districts, we aiw glad to learn that the new dip of wool ii ex pected to be very good. Most of oar large stsv tion*owners are improving the oharaoter of their flocks, and the clip, as regards quality and quantity, promises to be the beit ever out ia these parts. Shearing will oommenoe on afar* rawombie on September 15, and 70,000 will to dipped. It is expected they will average ft lbs. of clean washed wool." 