To the Editor of the Church of England Messenner. Sik — In a lecture delivered by me a few weeks ago at Kilmore, I noticed, as one of the characteristics of the Bible, ' the incidental an ticipatory condemnation ' which it contains ' of all the various here sies and superstitions which have since prevailed in the Church of Christ ; the worship of the Virgin Mary, and of saints and angels ; the substitution of the commandments of men (human traditions) for tne laws 01 uoa; tne veneration or rencs, prayers in an unknown tongue, the abstaining from meats, and others.' Animadverting upon this remark in an article headed ' Popish Errors,' the Advocate, a Eoman Catholic journal, accuses me of showing my ignorance, if not being guilty of wilful falsehood, by thus indirectly affirming that the Church of Rome worships the Virgin Mary ; and for the confirmation, as it appears, of its own judgment herein adduces that of the Church News. The article itself is a very long one, but the following extract is sufficient for my present purpose : — 'As the Church News tells us :— ' The Bishop in his latolecturc travelled out of his subject to refer to the worship of the Virgin Mury, and spoke against priestcraft and of the Roman Catholic belief in a way that caused probably more pain to the members of his own church than to those of the denomination attacked.' The QhurchNcws adds that—' His lordship must be aware that cultured Bom an Catho lics deny they worship the Virgin Mary.' We trust his lordship is not aware ; for if ho talks of what he does not understand he is jncrcly indiscreet ; but if he charges us with what lie knows to be false, the falsehood recoils upon himself. His lordship (and the Uhurch Ncivn) will be grateful to us for assuring them that no Catholic, cultured or uncultured, adores the Blessed Virgin.' For the truth of this assurance the Advocate refers to Butler's Catechism and to the litanies, from which, it tells me, I may learn that Roman Catholics 'never give the Virgin supreme or divine honour, which is due to God alone,' and that they do not in addressing her use the words, ' Have mercy on us,' but ' Pray for us.' On the occasion of delivering the lecture referred to, I was not ' aware that two Eoman Catholic priests would be among my audience. Had I known this I probably should not have alluded to the' par .ticular errors of their church, and I am sorry for having done so. For although, in referring to the worship of the Virgin, I did not travel out of my subject, yet the reference might have been, without any great injury to my argument, omitted ; and I think that, in the presence of those whom wo deem to have erred from the truth, all allusions which irritate only without convincing should be avoided. Now, however, that the worship of the Virgin Mary is denied, not only by the organ of the Church of Eomc in this colony, but as it would seem also by members of my own church, I think it necessary, not in the way of controversy with the former, but for the purpose of informing the latter, to state the. reason for which I cannot accept the denial. I was aware of the distinction which theologians of the Church of Eome have drawn between the honour paid to the Virgin and the honour paid to God, and between praying to her and asking her to pray for us. But the real futility of these distinctions will appear by examining any of the devotional books authorised by that church, and in common use among its people. In one of them, The Key of Para dise, is an office entitled ' The Litany of the Blessed. Virgin,' which contains the following hymn, recommendation, and prayer. The hymn in its original Latin form occurs repeatedly in the Breviary. The Hymn.— ' Ave Maria Stella.' 'Bright mother of our Maker, haill Thou virgin ever blest, The ocean's star by which we sail, And gain the port of rest. Whilst we this Ave thus to thee From Gabriel's mouth rehearse ; Prevail that peace our lot may be, And Eva's name reverse. Release our long entangled mind From all the snares of ill ; With heavenly lights instruct the blind, And all our vows fulfil. Exert for us a mother's care, And thus thy children own ; , ... Prevail with Him to hear oiu1 prayer/ Who chose to be thy Son. Ah ! spotless maid, whose virtues shine With brightest purity : The actions of our lives refine, ~ ' And make us pure like thee. ' . Preserve our lives unstained with ill, In this infectious way ; That heaven alone our souls may fill With joys that ne'er decay. To God the Father endless praise ; To God the Son, the same ; And Holy Ghost, whose eqiial rays One equal glory claim. Amen.' A Recommendation to the Blessed Virgin Mary. '0 ' Holy Mary, I recommend myself, my soul and body, to thy blessed trust, and' singular custody, and merciful protection, this day and daily, and at the hour of my death: and I recommend to thee all my hope and comfort, and all my distresses and miseries, my life and the end thereof, that by thy most holy intercession and merits all my works may be directed and disposed of according to thine and thy Son's will. Amen.' Another Prayer to the B. V-M. '0 Holy Mary, mother of God, and gracious Virgin, the true comfortress of all afflicted persons crying to thee, by tli.it great joy wherewith thou wert com forted, when thou didst know our Lord Jesus was graciously risen from death the third day; be a comfort to my soul, and vouchsafe to help me with thine and God's only-begotten Son, in that last day, when I shall rise again with the body arid soul, and must, rivn nniinnnf-, of nil mv actions : to the ond I mav be able bv thee, 6 pious mother and Virgin, to avoid the sentence of perpetual damnation, I and happily come to eternal joys, with all the elect of God. Amen.' I I leave your readers to judge whether this is not the language of I prayer and adoration, and whether all those Avho use it, ' cultured or uncultured,' may not rightly be said to worship the Virgin Mary. — I am, sir, your faithful servant in Christ, Bishopscourt, October 26, 1870. C. Melbourne. ? ♦♦* ? ''. 