The boldness of Australian statesman ship is not likely, from the knowledgo wo havo of it in tho past, over to plunge us into very grave difficulties. In office our public men take care to follow, as closoly aa possible, a well beaten track, and if they ever diverge from it to look for a shorter road to material progress, they aro careful not to proceed too far, lest a Cimmerian darkness should overtake them. Out of office they are tho Bame negative quantity. They lack the boldness of conception which marks tho loading men of most new countries j they op pose tho opinions of their political ad versaries with other opinions, some times, perhaps, slightly less diluted, but always of precisely the same orthodox design, and all round there is a happy disposition evinced by Australian Governments to ba content with tho reflection of that ' willow ' pattern' policy which served in England during many generations of party government, and from which, in these latter days both people and rulers havo to some extent emancipated themselves. There can probably ba no better illus tration of tho indisposition of Austra lian statesmen to go beyond tho tether of their political catechism, than is to be found in the method adopted by the lato intercolonial delegates of dealing with the proposed annexation of Fiji. Those islands would be a source of con siderable wealth to any settled govern ment in those latitudes, which chose to take the group under its management. Not one, however, of tho Australian Governments is equal to the effort. Col lectively thoy shrink from tho respon sibility, all the while coveting the pas session. On tho 1st July last, after timidly discussing the subject of a British protectorate, tho intercolonial delegates did, at last, agree to submit a joint note to the Imperial Government recommending a protectorate, and there the matter appears to have ended. The probability of tho British Government taking to itself fresh co lonial responsibilities in the face of those which it is trying to shake off as boing too onerous, is so remote, that tho Colonial Seoretary has not deemed it necessary, up to this time, to reply to tho request mado to him, and when tho reply doss come, it is nob difficult to imagine what it will be. It is not in this fashion that the statesmen of Canada conduct public affairs. Young as the Dominion is, it has already annexed, partly by purchase, but chiefly by an identity of interests, tho whole of the territory known as British Columbia, with a population of G0,000 persons. It may be supposed that Canada has by this act gained great present, as well as prospective, advan tages, and that, being the larger and wealthier ot the two provinces, sue lias obtained by a long way the best of the bargain. By the terms of union, pub lished at length in the American papers, it would certninly appear to be ether wise, so far at least as any present benefit is concerned. Canada under takes to maintain a Columbian : State Legislature, to pay tho salary : of a Lieutcnant-Govornor, to provide certain mail services, to maintain all officers in connection with the local government, to connect the seaboard of British Co lumbia with Canada by railway, and to confer hosides innumerable other privileges upon the incoming state. There would appear, indeed, to be to Canada only the nominal advantage of an extension of somo 214,000 square miles of territory for all these conces sions ; yet it is evident that Canadian statesmen see the importance of ab sorbing so largo a territory, which must in course of time number its millions of industrial population. It may be urged that the circumstances under which Canada annexes New Co lumbia are not paralleled by these which suggest the annexation of the Fiji group ; that tho Dominion has power under its constitution which these separate colonies do not possess ; and that to annex a settled neighboring state is a vastly different thing to at taching a group of savage islands to a distant government. To the hitter objection it may be urged that Bri tish Columbia is to Canada as diffi cult of access as is Fiji to Mel bourne. Until 1858 it was a portion of the Hudson's Bay territory, and it is only within the last ten or twelve years that it has been erected into a British colony. With tho main chain of tho Rocky Mountains on the cast, Canada can only hope to create a trade with the new province by constructing an immense line of railway through wild uninhabited territory, and this she proposes to do within the period of ten years. Thus the scheme is a gigantic one, beside which the pro posed absorption of the Fiji Islands by these colonies sinks into insig nificance. As regards the power of theso Governments to do pre cisely what the Government of Canada has done, there is nothing whatever to prevent them. Each has responsible government, and full control over its local revenue, and can make what dis position it pleases of its resources. No thing, in fact, is wanting but the bold ness and skill which are naturally looked for in those who undertake the government of large communities, and which appear to be more distinguish ing traits in the leading public mon of British North America than in those who rule in the Queen's name in the semi-tropical colonies of Australia. The question of payment of members is being dealt with by the expiring Par liament in a characteristic way. Those who wish for the payment do not manfully advance their opinions. Those who have heretofore been opposed to it are discr.eotly dumb. There is a lacka daisical limpness on both sides, and it ig even whispered that the members of the Upper House would be very glad if the measure could be carried by acci dent. We, too, should liko to see it car ried, but we would have it done in a straightforward way. The members of tho Assembly, those against as well as those for tho principle, are trying to de ceivo themselves into tho belief that thoy aro acting disinterestedly — they pro pose to pay their successors, not them selves. But as they one and till intend to bo in the next Assembly, tho dis interestedness is too transparent a sham to deceivo any but themselves. The members of the Council, at all events, cannot ho* up the protonce of such a plea. Thoy will all bo in tho next Par liamont, and will all bo paid, with an average of six yeara' vested iuterest in tho measure. If, then, tho disinterested dodgo is to secure tho success of tho measure, tho Council will havo to confess that tho disinterested ness is all on tho side of the Assombly. Thero is a shabbiness about the whole business that wo do not like. We would rather seo the now Assembly take the open unmistakable course of insisting that the requisite amount shall bo put on the next esti mates (on tho restoration of respon sible 'government), than to go in a sneaking way to obtain the monoy on a false prottnee while constitutional checks aro in abeyance, and tho Assembly itself is falling to pieces from old ago and dry rot. It is known that tho Ministry aro divided on this question, — a scandal in itself after what transpired at tho preced ing crisis, when a resolution affirm ative of the principle stood on tho orders of the day as a Government measure. Tho question is now, fa cetiously, we supposo, said to be an ' open' one, the fact boing that the Ministers discreetly keep their mouths closed when it is mentioned. Wo must protest against this or any other constitutional question being dis posed of in this way. We must con tinue to protest ngidnst an Assembly which has reached its allotted span, being galvanised into tho semblance of life to do more than make arrange ments for its own obsequies. Let the Government have their supplies, and let tbo thing be done quickly. Another week should suffice, and then tho dissolu tion should come. The grant of supplies has had tho sting taken out of it by the stipulation that tho new Parlia ment shall bo convened for tho des patch of business three months before the close of the term for which supplies aro asked. The Easter holidays will be over on tho 11th of April, and of course the elections will have to be completed in decent time before the holidays begin. The fight is a drawn one, and neither cock is able to got up the ghost of a crow. ' 'Tis pitiful, 'tis wondrous ' pitiful.' The efforts of all true Libe rals should be directed during the next elections to find a remedy for the half heartedness manifested by our legisla toi-3 of every grade, and for that in diflerontism which is spreading like a blight over all our political institu tions. ____^^_^_ 