The question of federation has not been brought before tlie Assembly in a way that can lead to any practical result. Mr, Gavan Duffy does not appear to have picked up a single definite idea during the thirteen years which have elapsed since he first moved in the matter. He has no scheme to propose, no resolution to nubmit upon which a committee can go to work'. ..His pro position is a more abstraction, and he appears to have asked for tho committee in the desperate hope that some idea will turn up in tho course of its pro ceedings. The debate in the As sembly was a mere waste of time, and the committee can do nothing but shelve the question of inter colonial treaties for a time. Mr. Duffy has gone the wrong way to work. If he is hot prepared with a scheme of federation, ho should have contented himself with taking the initiatory step of vindicating the right of the colonies to enter into mutual agreements by treaty for the regulation of their intercourse, prior to entering into any closer relationship. To appoint a committee to grope its way in the dark through an abstract question upon which public opinion has ' not yet found expression, is nothing more than a confession of inability on the part of its proposer to grapple with the subject. If he has anything to lay before such a committee, why should he hesitate about bringing it to light at once, so that it might be discussed simultaneously throughout the colonies interested? The terms in which Mr. Duffy has couched his motion do not clearly indicate what he is driving at. Mr. Duffy himself must have seen the absurdity of merely considering what steps should be taken to bring about an arrangement the desirability of which had not been previously affirmed ; and wo accordingly gather from his speech that it is his intention to ask the committee to consider the advan tages of partial and complete federation, and to make their choice. If ho had given the question the slightest consi deration, he would have seen that partial federation was an absurdity — an impossibility indeed. No matter how the f unctions of the federal parlia ment might be limited, it would be necessary that it should have the power of enforcing its decisions, and this could not be accomplished without complete federation. If the committee which Mr. Duffy has obtained does not go beyond the question remitted for its decision, it may do its work in a day, and bring up its report on Tues day next. The steps to be taken are simply those which were taken thirteen years ago, and the committee cannot guarantee any other result than was obtained then. Mr. Duffy ought to know that it does not altogether rest with the several colonial parliaments, or with their delegates, to settle this matter, and that, while it is desirable to '?' educate ' public opinion on the question, it is equally necessary that public opinion should educate the delegates. Mr. Duffy himself has a great deal to learn, and among the things which he does not understand, 5s the folly of ask ing any community to ratify a scheme which has not even a skeleton frame work. The whole of the colonial par liaments might agree that federation was desirable ; but as soon as details were entered into, they, would ily off from each .other, and each Separate proposition would find only one adherent. Now South Wales and Victoria might agree that federa tion was desirable, but beyond the general proposition they would be_ unable to advance ; for th'e simple rea son that, at each step, the real question would be — is New South ? Wales to become a province of .Victoria, or is Victoria to return to her : ancient alle giance to New South Wales? With this difficulty staring the federalists in the face, they should set themselves to remove it before taking any other step. Mr. Duffy has not given it due con sideration. Perhaps he will under stand the difficulty better by putting it in this way — which of the two colonies is to be the Ireland and which the England of the anti podes? Lat him crack this nut before he goes any further. Let him substitute the word 'Union ' for ' Federation,' and tell us how he likes the sound. No doubt he intends to be on the Saxon side this time, but there must be an Ireland somewhere in the bargain. Mr. Michie's views are no clearer than those of. the author of the move ment. Hegoesbackto the Heptarchy and the ' despicable ' states of Greece for shocking examples of disunion. If he were to tako-flr wider- view, and tell us ???HfiHBSHB3SSSHBBBi for a sensational lecture. But in truth precedents drawn from his tory antecedent to the invention of printing, are inapplicable to the con ditions of modern civilisation. If the federation of the colonies could be brought about by mere talk, Messrs. Duffy and Miuhie could easily settle the matter ; but if required to go into practical details, neither of them will make much progress. No one else seems to have much enthusiasm to bring to tho work, and the sooner the committee finishes its labors, the sooner will the arrival at a mutual under standing on intercolonial interests by means of treaties be consummated. Time was when such a little scene as took place in the Assembly on Wed nesday evening, when Mr. Macpiier sox positively denied the existence of a minute by the late Government, a copy of which Captain Mac Mahon' as positively stated that he had seen — might have been followed by a deadly encounter between the lion, members, did not anxious friends se cure the interposition ef Mr. Speaker and tho Sergeant-at-Arms. Happily we live in daj's when gentlemen can satisfy their sense of wounded honor without incurring the risk of a wound still more serious ; and Cajitain MacMahon may bo congratulated upon the complete ness with which ho has vindicated his veracity upon this occasion. A question having arisen as to what action tho Government intended te take respecting the contractors for the Alfred Graving Dock, who have sus pended operations, Captain Mac Mahon requested to know whether any record or minute had been left by the late Government as to the mode of dealing with such cases. Ho explained that ho referred to a Government minute — arising out of the introduction of the eight hours system — rendering it optional with all Government contrac tors to abandon their contracts, receiving payment for the work done. The Commissioner of Public Works replied that in his depart ment he could discover no record of any such document. Captain Mag Mauon rejoined that he had seen it. Mr. Macpherson interjected that ' the late Government had ' never made such a minute, ' or left one.' Captain MacMahos repeated his assertion that he had actually seen a copy of the document in question — and the matter then dropped, doubtless leaving- many under the im pression that the lion, and gallant member was laboring under some hal lucination — for of course nobody could attribute an ungenerous mental reser vation to a Minister of the Crown. Last evening, however, Captain Mac Maiion effectually changed the aspect of the business by producing a copy of the very document, the existence of which the Minister of Laads denied. Here it is : — ' Inform contractors that the Government ilaea not admit that any injury ha3 boon or will bo sustained by contractors in resjjecfc of contracts now in course of completion, in consequence of the proposal made to adopt tho eight hours sys tem in future Government contracts. If, how ever, contractors desire it, the Government arc prepared to release them from their contracts, and to pay lor work done under them. (Signed) M. M'lJ.' 1 It would appear, then, that it was Mr. Maopiiehson, and not Captain MacMahox; who labored under some hallucination upon the subject. There is the minute, fully answering. to Cap tain MacMahon's description, and bearing the initials of the Jate Attorney General ; yet Mr. Macpherson- had the coolness to deny that the late Government ever made any minute of the kind, or left one. Perhaps, how ever, Mr. MacDonnell amused him self by making minutes without the cognisance of his chief 1 No, on the contrary, Captain MacMahon intimated that the minute had been discussed in the late Cabinet, and that Mr. Macphersont himself was privy to its preparation. He con cluded by reading a statement made by Mr. Irons — one of the contractors for the Alfred Dock — from which it ap peared that tho minute had been re ceived by his partner from Mr. M'Lel lan, the late Commissioner of Public Works. So complete an exposure evidently told upon even so self- asserfcive a gen tleman as Mr. Macpherson. He had an explanation, of course — that the minute was not made by the late Government, but by the late Attorney General, and that it was nob intended for application to all Government con tractors, having been written solely for the guidance of the late Minister of Mines who had solicited the advice of his colleagues as to the form of notice to Messrs. Meagiier and other contractor whose claims tha Government had allowed. . Now, when Captain MacMahon first in quired about such a minute, why did he not get a prompt and straightfor ward answer ? Even if it were un desirable to accept his definition of it, Mr. Macpherson knew per fectly well what. he meant; and when an explanation was 'as easy1 as ' lying,' why was the lion, member put off with a 'curb contradiction, left far a whole day under a serious stigma, and put to the trouble of proving to the House and to the public that he was neither foolish nov untruthful? Official courtesy we leave out of the question. Perhaps the Minister of Lands, touched by' the awkward ness of recent disclosures, has be taken himself to the cultivation of official reticence, and this little affair is to-be regarded as a sample of his proficiency. How unfortunate the : late Cabinet '. were in having so many official secrets revealed pre maturely. Now, forsooth, Mr. Mac pherson affects to wax wroth at the ' improper use ' made of a docu ment intended to be private. . He is not usually so hard upon such harmless frailties, when tho offender is also a useful partisan. ; Underlying all this there may be some points for the serious considera tion ot' the Government and the House. Accepting the account now given of this minute— that it was intended to apply to only one section of Government contractors— it may be desirable to, in quire why any distinction was made in their favor. What are the extenuat ing circumstances through which fish has been made of one lot and flesh of the other? Ac present it certainly seems that, such a line of defence, in stead -of exculpating Mr. Macpherson HBHSSSSS9HB directly or indirectly been .cany ing out a system of favoritism in connection with tho Government contracts ; and they may be assured that the public will accept neither eva sion nor quibble in reply, such as was attempted upon Captain MacMahon. It is deeply to be regretted that, by taking into their councils a member of the late Cabinet, tho present Govern ment are troubled with such a precious legacy of maladministration — all the more to bo regretted because there is no knowing the extent of the evils still to come. The luminous little literary effort in Dl'aise of Victoria sir n. nnlrmv. nnrl Victorian barmaids as a colonial i.nsfci | tution, in which Mr. Macpherson's friend, the sagacious Nixon, expati ated on the special inducements which should make British emigrants decide on making thi3 region of Australia their adopted home, in preference to any other land, should bear the title of 'The ' Disowned.' Its origin is involved in mystery, and all attempts to clear up the negotiations which led to its pro duction have, for the present at least, resulted only in failure. Ifc perpetually turns up, however, like the proverbial bad shilling, at the moat unex pected moment, and in the most embarrassing manner. It has twice already, short as the ses sion is, cropped up under the noses of lion, members in the Legislative As sembly, in all its unbidden offensive ness, without any preliminary deodori sation to make the infliction endurable. The very mention of it sent off Mr. M'Kean into a fit of sneezing that was positively alarming. But the bad odor of the transaction was only made the more palpable by the sternu tatory manifestations under which Mr. M'Kean tried to overwhelm all fur ther notice of it. Like their late col leagues in office generally, Mr. M'Kean and Mr. Macpherson meet all references to their Ministerial blunders and shortcomings with the convenient rejoinder, non mi recordo. They forget everything that it is inconvenient to remember. And this little allair ot the IS rxon pamphlet seems to be one of the matters about which they remember to forget every thing. But it will not have its claims denied, nevertheless. It comes ever and anon, like Banquo's ghost, and stares them fixedly. Tho apparition presented itself on the last occasion when the estimates were under consideration last week. But it put in an appearance on a former occasion, when it met with the usual shabby treatment, which is the customary outcome of the Mac phersonian tactics. It was disowned. 'No child of mine,' ejaculated Mr. Macpherson, as ho pointed to the orphaned brochure ; and Mr. M'Kean said ditto to Mr. Macpherson. Hon. members puzzled over tho thing, but none could discover how it came to boar on its front the title and authority of the Government as a sort of official emigrant's guide- book. AH that could be got out of the discussion and the explanations of the ex-Ministera, was that the assumption of the Govern ment's sanction to the little book was unauthorised. How came it then that they had put down a good round sum on the estimates to pay for the work ? Under the ' miscel ' laueous' votes of the Chief Secretary's department, Mr. Macpherson had in serted a vote of £750 for ' providing 'handbooks of information respecting ' tho colony.' This was a pretty tangible contradiction to the disavowal of Government authority. And though the Macpherson Government has dis appeared, the vote for Mr. Nixon's pamphlet has not followed them into the vortex out ot which there is no resurrection. It remains, though in a. slightly reduced form, upon the esti mates still, as if in evidence that though the pamphlet was disowned, it was nevertheless one of the belong ings of tho Macpherson . Ministry, which had got from them . such a pledge of authority as to en able it to survive its patrons, and assert its claim to the bounty of the State under the regime of their successors. It now holds its ground on the estimates as revised by Mr. Fran cis for the amount of £525, or £225 less than the original item. This vobe came on for consideration in due cour3e, as we have said, it few days back. And Mr. Macpherson, finding his non mi recordo tactics would do no longer, bethought himself of admitting that an order had been given to.- the publisher for the work in what lie con-, sidered an improved form, namely that of a Gazetteer, with a view to encou-. raging the production of an article of native industry, the want of which, he said, was much felt. This was certainly ingenious as ah apology, and does infinite credit to Mr. Mac pherson for the progress it shows he has made in the art of the mystifica^ tion of parliamentary explanations. Parliament was sitting, it appears, at the time the order was given. But Mr. Macpherson did not think it in cumbent on him to get the assent of the Assembly previous to incurring this expenditure of the public money. In fact, calling in the notice of Parliament before it was too late, might have had the unpleasant effect of putting a stop to the job at the outset ;' so Mr. M.\c:~ PHEiisoN pledged the public credit to the outlay without the authority of Parlia ment, and tluis made sure of the' little treasury dole for his friend Nixon, and his friend's publisher,. Mr. .Bailliere!' But all this time not one member : of Parliament or of the Government has seen the work in its . enlarged form, '' revised and amended by the author,' as Mr. M'Kean announced it to be. Mr. Francis appears to have thought himself bound to honor the claim by retaining it on the estimates, though he has been quite as unable as all others, to clear up the precise nature of the authority obtained by the author and publisher from Mr. Macpiiersox. But he stated that neither Mr. Mac ! PHERSON nor Mr. M'Kean had seen the book, though, as we have seen, they stood sponsors for it. In these circum stances, the House at once concurred in Mr. Francis's proposal that the vote should be postponed, in order ' to ' make inquiries about the book.' : ' But though the state of fog which prevails in the Assembly generally upon the secret history of this remark-. able -book is very dense, and- requires ' doors.' It is generally known thttf a sort of topographical and statistical stew is boiling down at present under the cooking attentions of Mr. Nixon, who has made a re-hash of all the old-standing information in fiaUlicrc's Gazetteer, together with his own pamphlet, and some pickings fur nished from the Registrar-General's office. And this, by-and-by, when the cooking i3 finished, is to be turned out as tho savory mess of ' facts and ' figures,' which is to attract immi grants suffering from land hunger and want of employment to Victoria, as the only true home of inell wlio mean to go ahead, Cheap at the price, asserts Mr. M'Kean — only £525 ! Besides, rejoins Mr. Macpherson, it is giving en: couragement to native industry. Whether any considerations of this kind will weigh with the House, when the subject comes on again for discus sion, of course we ave unable to say. But in these days of ' cutting-down ' expenses,' and forced retrenchment, it does appear certainly a wanton waste of money to expend it on such a job as this is. Furbishing up old facts and figures long out of date is rather an odd way of giving correct, full and reliable information about the country to intending emigrants ; and we think the Assembly is called upon to refuse its sanction to such a proceeding. 