i '''???'???- ? ?— — '—— RENE. THE CONSCRIPT. '. [raoai temple bar.] part i. It was in a dull garrison town in France. I was utterly weary of tho place. Business took me there, and business detained me longer than suited either my pleasure or my pocket. I had jeason to hope that the affair I was engaged in would prove lucrative in the endi but that end Was long in column, hull m uxxu jucttiLiuiixiu x *vao not flush of cash, and had to economise strictly. With this laudable end in view, I generally dined at a small restaurant . in one of the streets lead ing from the market-place. It had the advantage of being decently kopt, and was much frequented by the subalterns of the regiment in garrison. One of tho most regular customers at this res taurant was a sous-lieutenant. He was a man of middle age ; his grave countenance was tinged with melancholy. His thick moustache was al to the general grimness of his appearance. There ? was something about this man that attracted me in spite of his grimness. By the medals on his coat, he had evidently, been distinguished in ac tive service, and by tho manner of his brother officers', he was as evidently held in respect. What attracted me so much in this man was tho singular change that cape over his countenance when he spoke and smiled. It was as if he had two natures, one overlaying and keeping back the other, that was only allowed to appear on the suriace at rare intervals, xnat man nas a history, I said to myself, and I watched him with interest. The good people who kept the- restaurant had one child, a chubby round-eyed urchin they called Babofc ; what his real name was I never hoard. The favorite, amusement with the boys of tho town was playing'at soldiers. Babot had one day gpt possession of an old tin saucepan ; this he bad converted into a drum — to his own infi nite satisfaction,— when a party of older boys, marching past, seized the mimic drum and made off with it, leaving Babot howling. Hearing the outcry, Fabre — that was the name of tho sous-lieutenant 1 have been describing — started up from table and strode to the door. ? I followed, fearing the child had met with an acci dent. Fabre was first. Finding what had hap pened, he took the boy in his nrrns and carried him to the nearest toy-shop ; and a smart &carlet; and tinsel drum soon turned tears into crowing laughter. 'There 1' said the sous-lieutenant, setting the child down ; ' if any of the boys try to take this from you. toll them that Fabro will be after them. Poor little follow ! we none of us spoke there came into his face that sudden change I have spoken of. He sighed deeply, and as he pro nounced the word 'treasures his voice fal tered. This trivial incident led to conversation, and from that time Fabro and I became friends. When he was off duty we frequently strolled to gether along the walls, or the poplar-lined banks of the sleepy river. He had been in both the Crimean and Italian wars ; was a man of keen observation, and excellent company, when once the ice of habitual taciturnity and reserve waa broken through. One evening we were sauntering about the town when a party of conscripts was marched in. They were evidently country lads for the most part, — the raw material, slouching and awkwaid. Each had the number he had drawn stuck in his hat. Some were indifferent or sullen, others laughed and shouted — one or two looked dangor ous, and a few wero sunk in the deepest dejec tion. ' Paiuvres diablc3 /' Fabre exclaimed, with an emotional ring in his voice, regarding them compassionately as they passed. I was sur prised. Fabre was so completely the soldier, that till, that moment it had never occurred to me to question his motive for entering the army. Then it flashed across me. ' You wero a conscript, porhaps ?' The thought 6eemed to have found utterance almost involuntarily. I was vexed wim iuystai ; icaiiui ue Iingoo oe OuCnaea. JLie had always maintained a degrco of reticence as to his personal history. ' If M'eieu haa any interest in the matter, ho shall hear,' Fabro replied. ' It is a simple story, scarcely worth tho tel ling.' Relieved from tho fear of having given offonco I. assured him with perfect sincerity I should feel an interest in all he chose to tell me. We wore now in a boujovard where there were shady trees, and seats at intervals. ' Let us sit down then/' Fabro said ;' it is cool hero,' and ho lifted his military cap. 'M'sieu shall hear all, if ho pleases. We were only peasants,' he began, .'.s wo sat down under the acacia trees aud %;iied our cigars. 'Wo wore born a few miles from Foix, in Aricge, I and my father and my father's father before him. My father was a vine- dresser. When my brother Pierre was a/ mere youth, and. r - | | ? — - ? : ? ? -~~~* , ?I little more than a child, tny father met with an ' accident that lamed him ; and after that he was 'unable to work' at the vines, and was glad to take .any odd jobs that came to hand. Pierre did not count for much ; lie was idle, and had a roving -disposition. Insteai of helping, |he was always ?getting into trouble. I was a strong well grown lad, aud hud no fear of work, and I was am bitious. You will smile, M'sieu. 'What has a peasant to do with ambition V yon will say. Ah well ! the hearts of rich and poor are much alike, I suppose. I had set my heart on one day beingi a proprietor; and when I went to work in the' 'vineyard I said to myself, I will one day have a; vineyard of my own. I had to labor hard ; not; only to keep myself, but to help poor old father. : By working early and late, and by a bitof car pentering I took, up *ab odd hours, I:' not only ' kept the pot boiling, but week by week contrived ?to lay a trifle by. Each vintage. I added to ; my : store, for I hai an end in view you see; M'sieu. In a few years I expected to have savel: enough to buy a horse and cart. Father could not do much among the vines, but he could drive a cart and earn money a3 a carrier. This would be a beginning. After that we should be able to : hire a bit ®f garden-groiind, and whpn father no longer needed my help I would bring Toinette ? 'home. She would feed poultry and attend to the garden. We could send poultry and vegetables to the market at Foix in the cnit, and so it would go onjby degrees, till at last I suould findmyself master of a vineyard. Oh, it was a beautiful 'plsm o£ life I had laid down ! A thing to laugh at, — was it nob, M'sieu? Toinette and I Lad been playfellows when we were children, anil ' whenever I pictured a ,home of my own it was wituxoiuetto there. ? 1 dare say there were pret ?tier girls in the village ; I do not know. 1 only ?know that I loved her, and love is not critical. Years went on, and I grew from youth to man ? hood. The littlo store accumulated slowly, for. 1 you see it was but a few frahc3 here and there that I c ould save. But I thought when father ?had the carrying business, we could get on, 1 , rapidly. Toinette listened to all my projects, and; : encouraged ine in what I was endeavoring to do.' ; I was now nearly twenty-five, and I had aTl but a ' few francs of the sum I had heen working and saving nine years to gain. Nine long years ! I knew I should bs able to earn the rest of the ' money wanted before the winter was over. ? Toinette was weaving some pretty scarlet fringe to trim the harness of the horse' I was going to, ?buy. She was to inset me on:the road horaej ?from Foix, and have the first' ^ride in the new! cart ; and when father was fairly- started as. a carrier I was to speak,tothe Cure about our mar; riage. We Lad settled it all you see. , Wore you ever in -our part of the country,- M'sieu ? 'No.'i Ah ! it is grand and beautiful there ! There, in stead of this dead level, we have the mountains,' foaming and dashing against the rocks when the snows are melting from the upper mountains. ? On1 the opposite side of the river to- where we livedy was an. old ruined castle, on the summit of .a rounded bill. The ascent to. this castle was planted with trees, and was a favorite, wall?. Here often in the long summer evening when work Was over, or on our rare holidays, Toinette and I used to wander^ talking about our future that was always to be spent together— always to-' gether. Or we used to look over the old walls overlooking the river, and were a3 happy as the birds that flew in and out of the ivy over our ? heads.' Fabre paused for a while. ' Then drawing the. back of his hand across his brow, and clearing his throat, he resumed : ' Just for the moment/ M'sieu, it almost seemed to me as if I could hear the murmur of the river, and Toinette's voice, that was as sweet as the lapse of waters, or the song of birds — at least it was so to my ears. ' When we have fixed in our own minds the way. ?we will go iu life, it seems that the good God^ for our benefit, no doubt — stops us, and turns our steps into a different path altogether. The time for drawing for the conscription was approach-: ing ; but it gave me no concern ; I had drawn a luckv number before, and should do soaeain.I made no doubt. I had great faith in my luck,' . because all had gone so well with me hitherto.; When the day came, Pierre and I, and the other young men of the district, assembled to draw the ? numbers. M'sieu I thought the earth had given .? way from beneath my feet when the ; number I held was read out. I have no doubt my cheeks ' were blanched,; for the sergeant whispered ? 'coward 'as he passed me. I think' when 'wo . were before Sevastopol he recalled his word; I was not a coward in the sense he ? meant. But it : is no light thing- to have all one's hopes and all one's efforts for nine years annihilated at .a blow; ? — brought to nothing, like the the ashes of this , cigar that I .knock away. At first I had some ?- hope that Pierre might offer to take my place ; for when father was angry with him for his un steady waya he used to talk of -going for a soldier. But talking and doing are two different things, as I found. Father urged me to pay for a substitute. But a . substitute was not easy to be found. It would have taken all my money, just all that I haJ saved. Toinette, too, begged me to stay ; but to what end ? We could not marry, if I had nothing but my daily work as a yigneron, and father and mother to keep. It might have been better to dp as they wished ; but what would/you I We 'are but human, and I could not begin again. I de termined to go. There would be the money, so ; that father could make his living as a carrier, ? and Toinette I knew would be true to me, and ? when I came back, we should see. I found it the hardest to part from poor old mother. You see father being lame, and Pierre not good for much, she leaned upon me. When she hung crying round my neck, I began to wish I had let the money go, and consented to remainat home. But it was too late ; and we were marched away, just as you saw those poor fellows awhile ago. I did ' not like a soldier's life : my heart was not in it ; it was always in our valley, amongst the vines aud olive-trees, and I longed continually for.' the ' time of service to be over. I did my duty. Time ?would have gone no faster for shirking that ; and ?when our regiment was ordered to the Crimea, I caught somei-liing of the excitement, and was glad to go— glad of the prospect of change, and of active service. I was no great hand at letter ? writing, I had not had time for much learning ; ? but I managed to write home to tell them I was ? going, and to bid them keep up their hearts. You know all about the war, M'sieu. Our regi men', ln'l its share in all that was going on. I escaped for a time, but at the taking of the ? Matekoff, I got this ugly sabre cut across my face, and my arm was broken by a bullet. I suppose I faintsl from loss of blood ; they told me after - wards I was taken up for dead. I was along time in ho.-pital. I h id fever, and it was months before I cDnld crawl a'wut again, and was strong enough to ho shipped off for France, with other invalids like myselfi All the voyage I thought of father and mother and Toinette, and how glad they would be to have me back, and how soon I should get strong again at home. It was ' four years siDco I had left the village ; and I thought with my heavy moustache, arid the sabre cut across my face, and my uniform, no one would recognise Hene the vigneron ; and I ??would go first to the auberge and hear the news before waking mytel£ known. My heart leaped ?within me as I apj roach ed the villago andeaw the old castle upon its rounded hill, and tlw swift flawing river. I said to myself perhaps I shall meet father in his cp.ri, or perhaps Toinette may bu at Iiit door ;ls 1 pass ,* bu!; though I met several of the villagers, who turned to look with interest at the weather lejiten and wounded sol dier, I saw neither father nor Toinette, and no ' one recognised me., I was still weak from ill- 1 ness, and when I reached the auberge I was j glad to sit down and call for some wine. The; laudlord brought it. I asked him. to sit down and ; partake.' First, I had to answer many questions j about what was going on in the East, and thenj Tasked for news of tho village.' I had' my cap, drawn down over my forehead, 'and was sitting with my back to the light, but once or twice 1 1 saw my companion look at mo; narrowly, as if he, suspected I was some one he ought to know, j This- was the news I heard : 'Fabre and his wife; were both. dead. The old reu n had no heart to do anything after his younger soi,' who was the ? stay of the family,1 the landlord said,, 'had .been; drawn for the army. Had I happened to.' meet with Rene Fabre ? He was killed at the taking of ; the Malakoff— his name was seen iii the list.; That just broke the hearts of the old people, they never lifted their, heads againi The mother j went first. Old Fabro died only three weeks ; ago.' ' Had they never received a letter ?' I asked making my voice as. steady as I could ; for one of the kind nurses at Scutari had written for me. ' No. What letter should they receive ,when,Rene was dead ?' It had been lost then. . I could not repress a groan; ' Was my wound paining me ?' the landlord asked. 'Could he do anything for me V I shook my head. ; ' Where was Pierre Fabre?' I asked., 'Pierre had got into fresh trouble, and had gone away two years before. : No one knew anything about him.' Then_ camo - the natno that had been trembling on my lips all along— Toinette Dufour. Again I observed the, landlord look at me inquisitively, ' That was the g-irl Rene was to have married,' he said. ' Her mother always wanted to marry her to Barbel s Ambrose, because'old Barbel was rich. Toinetto would not hear of it until the news came that Uenfi was killed, aud then somehow.it seemed as; if she did not care what became of her, and thei mother had her ,way. It had not been a very, happy marriage hitherto, as indeed, how should: it, with a bride with no more heart in her than a. ghost.' This, M'sieu, was my coming home. I : diet not make myself known. Where was the use? I engaged a. bed for the night, and then I wan dered out. I went first to the little cemetery, then . I watched for one sight of Toinette. I saw her just at dusk, pale. and sad- lookhig at her husband's door. I did. not dare to present my self before her; I.could not trust myself to hear her speak.- 1 turned away and climbed the hill ?? to;the castle, and. there I threw myself down on the spot where w,e had Bat so many summer eve nings : dreaming ? dreams — nothing but dreams,: ?M'sieu.. I dp, not know how long I Laid there. It seemed during those' hours as if there was ne-therj paso nor future any -more, only one long everi present agony. ; At last the glimmering lights in the village were being extinguished one by one, and I knew I must return to the auberge. Early the next morning I loft my old home for ever and returned to Marseilles where I waited till my regiment ; came back from the East. Both officers^ and men were glad to re ceive me amongst them again, and I had no wish to leave them, any more. Why should I ? ^his is all. It is quite a simple story, you see, M'sieu.; ' TMb modal was won before the Malakoff, and .this at Solfermo. , Allons, vive la gloirej A few 'k-wrtViiYi VioqW-.O! mm*** at Iociq ? cpiift.t. rlrtP.H if. TY12ltit.fiT I I am a sous -lieutenant, and perhaps may die capi taine. That ought to be enough for my ambition, you will say. But people are not all alike, and it seems to me that myambition i3 over. Tiens ! Let us go and have a cup of coffee ; I am not ac-j customed to talk so much, my throat is dry.' Pitching away the end of his cigar, Fabre rose from the bench where we had been sitting, and led the way to the cafe! \ I followed slowly. ' ? We were both silent. What could I say ? Where' would have been the use of commonplace words of pity and consolation ? Fabre never again made any reference to his past life in talking to me, and I was careful not to allude to so sad a theme. Shortly after this a change was made in the garrison, and Fabre's regiment was ordered to Algeria. A crowd followed the troops as they marched away to the roll of the drum. Fabr.3 waved his hand. to me as he passed. Will his w6ary'spirit find rest in a soldier's grave, under the burning sun of Africa, was my thought, or will he live, a superannuated officer, to potter about some provincial town, shouldering his crutch, to tell how fields were won? Most pro bably I shall never know. Such was my conclu sion as I sighed over tho departure of my pleasant friend and companion. . ; ; . part ir.' ? The business that had detained me so long was brought to a successful issue, and it was'upwards of three years before I had occasion to revisit la belle France. This time my affairs led me. to Bordeaux, and afterwards to Marseilles. As time was not pressing, I determined to take holiday for a few weeks, in order to visit the places most worth seeing on my route. I had heard nothing of Fabre since vfe parted ; 1 but when I arrived at Foix, the place brought him vividly to my recollection, and I determined to ride over to Varilhes, and thence walk to the village Fabre had described to me. # I found the castle was connected with some historical asso ciations—it had been an appanage of the Counts of Foix, and had suffered in tho religious wars of the sixteenth century — so I had a double object in my ride. : . It was a lovely. day. The vintage had comr monced, arid the vineyards were alive with busy groups of men, women and children. I rode slowly, enjoying to the utmost ;the gay and ani mated scene, and it was already afternoon when I came in sight of the little town of Varilhes. Putting up my horse, I set out for my walk ; but after proceeding for about half a mile I began to feel uncertain whether I had taken the right direction, and looked about for some one of whom I could make the inquiry. There was no one to be seen on the road, but to my right was a small country house, a ' bastide,' as it is called there. It stood in the midst of a garden, where fruit arid flowers grew together in all the luxuriance of the south; and from a vineyard at the back I heard the soimd of voices. I opened the gate thinking I would skirt the garden to the vina yard, and there make my inquiry of the first per son I met. I had the gate still in my hand, and was just about to enter, when I was held spell bound in astonishment, as if I had se8n a ghost. A weather-beaten, military -looking man issued from' the house at that moment, and at a glance I recognised Rene Fabre. Ho perceived me at the same instant and advanced with open arms. ' Quel bonheur ! I am overjoyed ! Did M'sieu drop from the clouds ?' _ I returned his hearty greeting, for I was truly rejoiced to see him again. As for my leaving him for that day or the next, it was not to be thought of for a moment. Anything I needed could be sent for tp Foix, but stay I must 'Toinotte!1' he cried. ' Come out then, my child. Here is my good English friend ; come and bid him welcome.' At this summons a pale darkeyod, Spanish-eyed, Spanish- looking woman made her appearance, who was introduced to me as Madame Fabre. ' Oh !' cried Fabre, 'M'sieu is surprised ; aud well he may be. But dinner is ready, is it not, ma mie ? Afterwards Mbicu shall' hear.' . I wis altogether surprised at such a turn of events-, but at nothing more than tho change in Fabro himself. The nature that bad formerly alwny.3 been subdued and kept back was now triumphant. He was absolutely radiant. After an excel l-.'nt dinner, wo strolled into the vineyard lo mno'.m our cigars, uud thou I uskad Fabro how it hail rt.ll come about. ' When I last saw you, he -said, ' I never thought to visit roy native place »'ain. But when I returned from- Algiers, something seemed to draw me here in spite of 'myself. On All Soul's Bay I said to myself, 1 will go and hang a wreath of immortelles over father and mother's grave. Sol came to. the vil lage, thinking just to visit the cemetery, _ana walk up to the old castle once more. Ihere ; were many people in the cemetery, for it was All Soul's day, you see; and I saw Toinette there amongst the rest. I did not accost her, but- when she had hung her wreath and . gone away, I went to. see whose grave it; was she had boen visiting, and I found it was; Ambrose Cauviu's— that was the name of the man : they had married her tp. I can't tell you how I felt at that moment, M'sieu; it seemed suddenly as if all the clouds had rolled away from the sky, and the sun was shining— as if , life were opening afresh. Teinette was tree then ! and I had only to resign to be free also. I was no longer poor, for I had shared in prize-money, and I bad saved . more from habit, and from not having anythingl cared to spend money upon, than because 1 had cared to save. But now I was glad— oh ! now .glad! I felt like a boy again. ' Well, M'sieu, to cut my story short, I got the good Cure to break ihenews of my being alive and at home to Toinette, gently ; for she bad suf fered much unhappiness, and her health was not strong. When we first met, we wept in each others arms— wept over all we had suffered be fore we could begin to take joy in heing together' once more. ? .»Ti_ v ? 'Toinetto hadbeena widow four years— if I had but known sooner ! Her husband wa3 killed by the machinery of the oil-mill where he worked. I resigned my commission, and then we were mar ried. I looked about and found this little place' that happened to be for sale. I could not quite compass the purchase-money, but the mortgage will be cleared off in a few years, God willing. So you see my dream has come true after all, M'sieu. If only poor old father and mother could have lived to see the day ! But what would you? We cannot have everything, and they are in a better place I trust,' and Fabre reverently lifted his cap. I heartily congratulated hinl upon the change that had taken place in his circumstances, and then we talked about the prospects of the vintage, about Algeria and other subjects. I spent two pleasant days with Lieutenant Fabre and his gentle wife, and then I took leave; and not be fore I was made to promise to pay them a long visit at some future time. ' Then I hope M'sieu will not come alone,' said Fabre, who is disposed to commiserate my bachelor state. _ ; ' . I shook, my head, laughing. His pleasant smile, as he stood on the platform of the railway station at Foix, looking after me, as, the train whirled me away, is the last recollection I have of him. - ! 