@?-elibarl»-»r fiSaces. I: I d o:u a. Correspondent) f The nbovo. races , came off on the 17tb March, according to - advertisement.,' nnd beftamly n mow [.' disagreeable day could not have been, as it rained all ; day without .intermission ; nevertheless, oboot cm i hundrod persons assembled to witnoss tho several j-, contests.' Tiio' Stowarda thought it advisablonotlo ; postpone tho races, as they -could only put thom c! from day to dayi' wliieh was likely to make hii ?- worse. It is rather surprising tbat' tlie races did set ? fill better; ns Shcllliarbor lias, been always mil - . patronised by all parts of the district, but wo mml [ only hope for a better field next timo, Tho folloron? K is an account ol tbo running:— - For tho Maiden Plato thero were tbrco lioiseJ, ;.. Lady Mary, Village Maid, and Up a Treo, l . Lady Mary appeared to be the favorite, tho Vill'!' s , Maid noxt, while Up a Tree waB considered a n» . I outsider. The lot was dospatched to agoodstin, f , Up a Treo going to the lead, witlrVillago Maid clw , up and-Lady Mary sovoral longths in tee rear s ta ^ ^ 'this position thoy raced once roimd,. when Lady Mir? : . , . eamo np and raced tbo othor tivo into tho straight running. ' At this'point Up n' Treo; came away ibI , won, hands down, by about two longths, Lady Uuj l- second, and Village Maid third, abont two IMS'11 ; k°Tl'o Peterborough Handicap brought , Leamington, and Up a Treo to the post. A - was effected, Up n Treo arid Leamington racing ai»j ; at a smart paco for a milo and a half, when lw* - who was running last, came up and raced tbo p. , , Ud a Tree having hnd enough of it, retired, leaviDj . the other two to make the boat of it. Parwon j.- . . by about three lengths. : „ . For tho Distriot Purso there woro only two Barwoh aud Mystery,' the other two boiog draws- ^ ( , Barwon won by ahead. -i.,fr, 1 ..... Tho Soiling Raoo having fallon through, t^ 01 - j ? - only two horses, the Stewards subsonbod: a handiap for all hoiscs. Thero woro . five liorBos for tilts'' , Leamington, Lady Mary, Hickory, Villngo Mai , tho IC.amn Ghost. This was a good race, Lo nn'f P winning, with Village Maid . soeond, and G1Thistbe\ng tho laBt race, tho_pceplo soon _ keg' jj , disperse. Tho prizes woro paid ovor at t'-° ltJ „ Paokct Hotel, .in tho evoniug, whero ercrjt - . passed off most satisfactorily.. . i ' ?- Haidon'f M A roaich wns made botwccu Mr J. i j Baxw'on hbd Mr C. Price's Crabby .Dqwn.fo ^ . ,[ side, to lio run on the Peterborough courso on ^ ,. , j May noxt_. ; ? ? . — . — — y i I 