A LIVING i3N00H ARDEN. A resident of St. Louis writes to 'The Democrat' of that city a singular story of the battle of CMckamanga. It was suggested by witnessing the play of Enoch Ardun. lie says : — A sergeant in my regiment was wounded nt Chickatuattga, and was reported dead. Ho was seen to fall in the heal of the cngngcmcut, and our lines being pushed hack, the body was not recovered until next day. When the poor follow was found ho was mutilated by being tramplod on by tho cavalry that his face could not be rccognsied. A comrade, however, found in his breast pocket a miniaturo of his wife, aud scut it to her with an account of his death. It turned out that tho body was not that of Tom C— — , hut a pnrgoant of another company. Tom, dcrpciately wounded, fell into tho hands of tho onem', and was sent lo Andcrsonvillc, where the llcbcl surgeon cut ofi ono of his arms and ono of his legs, and, iu spifo of his bad fare, he recovered in due lime. I never knew why they kept Tom so long iu prison, except it was for tho purpose of ex changing him fur a sound man. When pour Tom returned to his home in Pennsylvania, nobody iu the i illage kqpw him. His wifo had removed to Illinois with her parents more than a year previously. Without mnkiug himself known to any oT hi? old nrquaintanceo, Turn slnrted to Illinois to hunt for his wifo. When ho arrived in tho neighbourhood where she was living, ho learned that she was married to nn old friend of hie, who had followed her from Pennsylvania. Ills first impulse was to make himself known to her and claim her as his own; but when ho saw tho snug cabin in which sho was living, and heard how kindly sho was treated by her. husband, ho changed his mind. "Suppose I go#nnd claim her," ho 6aid to himself, " how can I support her ? What can I do for her, with only'ouo arm and ono log, and a body weakened by months of suHcring at Andcrsonvillc? No; sho is happy and contented, aud thinks nic dead, and I wil1 not destroy hor happiness and become a hind' ii to her." Tom «et.?d upon this ios< lu- tiun, and worked his fray to New York, where beset up a small business ns a kerb-stone mer chant, selling nuts and cakes, und soda water, aud getting along prosperously. Ho soon nmdo money enough to buy an artificial leg, und after a while got a patent orm made, nnd to see him walking along tho street, you would not suppose that !io was hut little more thun half u man. He wag a good business man, nnd in tho courao of a yenr enlarged his stock in trade, and opened a regular rotrai! grocery. IIo mado money fast, and bocamo n prosperous merchant, respected by all who knew him. Iu hit) prosperity ho uovcr forgot his wife, and always cherished a hope that sho would he restored to him. Ho was a regular subscriber to tho village paper published at tho town near which his wife lived, aud read it with great interest. One day ho saw in this paper the announcement of the death of tho man who married hia wife, rio lost no tiino in starting for Illinois. IIo found his wifo in dcop mourn ing for her lato husband, and sho hnd added another iufaotilo link to the family cirolc. Tom made himself known to her, nnd was re joiced to find that she still loved him qs fondly as ever. It was some limo befuro Jio could convince her that ho was not a ghost returned from tho other world In order to muko things sure tho parson was culled in, nnd Torn and his wifo wore married over again. They went to New Yorl>> whoio they nro still living io a hrown-stouc front, as liuppy a couplo as you will find in Gotham. Of course, they do Uol tell everybody about their family matters, but you can rely upon this story us Mrittly true, Tho ending is rather better than that of Euooh Arden, and I think Adams would do a good thing if he would depart from the ver sion of Tennyson, and in the Inst act get Philip Kay giouud up in his own mill— acci dentally, of course— make poor Enoch step in and enjoy tho wife and tho forturno left behind. " What about the picturo of Tom's wifo, found iu the pookctof the dead Holdior?" " Oh, 1 'forgot about that. Tom says that when he was wounded and left upon tho field, u stragglor cauio along, nnd he stepped him. Supposing ho would bleed to death, he gavo the picture to tho straggler, with ft message for his wife. Tho rebel cavahy mado u charge soon after, and killed the slrngglor, with the picturo of Tom's wife in his bosom, and curriod Tom off to Andersonville. This accounts for the picturo being found, and causing every body to believo that Tem was killed." Pur.unlEN lit America —Tho rapidity with which many of the people in this country riho into high political positions is ono of tho amazing facts of tho age. Four years ago, for example, a very worthy gentleman, and the con of a bookseller, who had taken ail honour able part in tho war to uphold tho Union, asked to he appointed a colonel in tho army, and his request was refused. A fow flays ago that (nan was appointed Secretary of War in the Fabinot of President. Grant. Ten years ago there was n young man residing iu this city, smart qnd active, who got his living by writing fur the mrigaainrs and illustrating his papers with sketches by his own hand. IIo became a great traveller, published several volumes about tho States of the Pacifio coast, and also ono descriptive of n voyage to Ire land ; und Inst year he was nppointid tho Amcricuu Minister to China lie is now on his way home from the Celestial Kuipivo. The caicer of his predecessor in China was still more remarkable. His youth was spent on tho frontiers among tho Indians. lie thou graduated at Harvard University, adopting the profession of tho law, lcchiro a member of Congress, was sent as a Minister to Austria, and .subsequently to China, aud he is now the wonderfully successful person who ia travelling from mio Court to another in Europe, nUeuded by half a hundred Chineso dignitaries and servants, and glorying in the title of Koving Ambassador from tho Chineso Empiro to nil tho civilised nations undci; tho sun. More astounding than all is the fact that nine years ago the now President of the United States .wasu leather manufacturer iu the Slate of Illinois — 4 Cor. Atlu-njumu.' Hiuy to Cir.v You u Ltvr.—A very respectable- lousing gentleman called on Henri Kochcfort ono day. / Kxcum: my troubling yon." bo mid, " but llu'rc is in ymir ucigliUiurlioml a imor woman in Ihu CKtrvnuty of inltory. If .1,.. |ltt» „„t ||,„ i.cco.fnry HU111 tu f»ay lair lent tn-ilay i>ho will 1m tum.-il into tlio Blicct. — " How toucli i» nciilinl iialu'il IWI10- fort. Scvuiity.tivii framis." ISnclmfoit took from In. iviclict 111. Biivuiity.fiva francs, noil nrk. il tin, r,r ,VV.T" " 0',, r"s- " Vim can Kivu t|,„ monov to me. t t«o Kvnttumun icii vd, inking nnd wittinlr «hc francs intoM pocket \ - 1 am l» r landlord im.o u Ihu ircuijil fur the lent, ltow joyful the nilt bo Wheu you give it to her I 