CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION. Evening Meeting. The public meeting, hold in the Congregational Chapel, Gawlor, on Thursday evening, was begun by singing, and prayor being offered by tho Rev. Mr. Manthoroo. Tho Rev. C. J. Evans, tho Pastor, explained that Mr. W. Duffield, M.P., who was to have taken tlis chair, had seut a telegram expressing regret at being detained in town on iniportaut matters connected with tho Legislature. Mr. Evans, who had then beon requested to preside, said it would bo his duty to make room for those who wore to speak. There wa-3 no desire on their part for infringement upon tho work of others. They looked upon other do nominations as belonging to tho same brother hood — engaged in tho same work. Tho Church belonged to Him who made them and all the earth. It was the duty of tho Church to fill tho earth full of love, so that all might bo blended together in tho beauty of unity. Tkoro might be unity without uniformity, and this was to bo accomplished by 'the lovoof Christ. Ho would not say tho position thoy occupied was the best, but they had a work to do, ana they were doing it in the best way thoy could. He recognised the efforts of others, and wished thorn God speed. The Rev. Mr. Gibson, of Angaston, whoso subject was ' Personal Consecration to Christ,' remarked that all men were called to be Christians, bought with tho same price, had the same imitation 'Follow Me,' were His who had a right to each of them, and were bound to obey His will and commands. General Have lqck's inen, owing to their affection for and con fidence in him, gladly wont where he led. Man could not choose in 'this matter; for Christ would be glorified, either by the joyful servico of His own people, or by those vessels of dis honour who did hot oboy him. Tho service of Christ was not unpleasant, although they might have to 20 through' reproach and tribulation, for He 'wiped away tears and gave peace. Ho was no tyrant. His servants did not so fully realizo the sweetness and blessedness of Hig service as it was their privilege to do. Christ called to' activity, not only in their own obe dience, but in loading others to Him. This was to be dono, not by fear, but by setting before them the sweetness of peace in the enjoyment of religion. Tho best way to advance in conse cration to Christ was by usefulness. The Sabbath-school teacher, tho conductor of the Bible class, the visitor to the sick, all got good while doing good. Christ had plaecd them hero for usefulness. There should bo no idle Christians; the Saviour was never idle. They were the salt of the earth, and as the light from heaven, shedding a beneficial influence on all around. The Church must not be asleep. It was not necessary to have largo talent or great wealth to be useful, for much might bo accomplished quietly by following Jesus in kindness and love, keeping in view the reward promised, and not growing weary in well-doing. He concluded an eloquent address with prayer for the spread of love and usefulness. Mr. W. Lewis, J.P., of Allandale, said it was something like presumption to say anything after the eloquent speaker to whom they hud listened. Tho topic given him was ' Individual effort and personal responsibility.' This rested not only ou their ministers— good men and true —but on every member. There was the erroneous idea entortaincd by some that tho responsibility of success rested solely on such as tho deacons, who certainly had their rosponsi. bility in the n nances. The minister's stipend had to be raised, and people wore apt to forget their part in the work. The same command was given to all— 'Go, work.' No one could with stand this. Fault was often found with the minister or deacous if they wero absent; but members forget their own neglect, and that they ofteu allowed trifles to interfere with duty. There should be a union of effort, each one doing his own part, and the whole blending in oue work of usefulness. Each might do some thing. Thoso who could not do much might bo taught by tho Great Teacher, and instead of finding fault with the minister or tho sermon they should pray. They wanted uomoru spiritual life. ? . The Rev. C. JIantiiorpe, of Glenelp:, said it was rather singular ho had almost forgotten thore was to be a collection. He had thought ho should bo . able to sit still, but the subject of Home Missions was mentioned, so he rememliered, and collections aud he always went together. They were Independents, because they believed each Church had power to carry on its own work for Christ without control. They mot in Unions to consider matters connected with their own Churche3, aud to atford assistance to those struggling under difficulties with the hope that they might become self-supporting. Various Churches had been assisted by the Home Mission Society. They raised annually £310, and asked for help. Foreign missions must bo supported, but they need not interfere with homo mission work. They had not said much about themselves that night— not because they were ashamed of their principles, but were satisfied in their own strength, and with these principles. They had no antagoni .u to other bod--«, but, whilo doing their own work in their o. .. way, rejoiced iu the prosperity of others. After the collection and another hymn, The Rev. A. Scales spoke on ' The necessity of increased spiritual life in all our Churches.' Theiabjecfwasimpdrtdnt, rfnd irequffedL muStf thought. * Generally there' was a couicfonsness* of the E'eed of this life, but he feared it was not realized -so fully by members as it ought to be. Thoy did not ? receive and enjoy all the privileges and blessings they were entitled to. They did not fulfil tho part of brethren and sistors. There was too much shy ness, and therefore not so much spiritual help afforded to each other. There was more spiritual life needed in the pulpit. Ministers felt this; their labours were not attended with the success they should be. Week-night ser vices were not so full of life as they ought to be. The same might be said of Sabbath-schools. There were not so many young gathered in as might be expected. How was this life to be obtained? Not by- complaining. Thoso who complained most were geuerally the most cold. Religion must be shown in work done, and uot only by the good received. It was a great blessing to any minister to see that his people were receiving this life, and its enjoyment would tell on all around.. They needed lifo within, or work would bo mere formality. Might God grant this life to all of them. The Rev. E. Griffiths, of Kensington, spoke at length on ' The spread of Ritualism being a call to the Church to insist on the spread of spirituality of doctrine.' Ritualism was opposed to the simplicity of the word and worship of. God. Tho best way to avoid it was by retain ing tho Holy Ghost, and taking tho Word of , God as the guido. Tho proceedings were closed with ,tho dbxoloer and benediction. 