MEN OF THE AGE. 8EBIE8 OP BIOGRAPHIES Ol' EMINENT PERSONAGES WHITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR THIS JOÜBNAI/. Charles Dickens. AMONG the most attractive writers of fiction ia the Victorian era of English literature, Charles Dickens occupies a high place. Indeed, taking the extent to .which his writings are circulated through the world as the test of popularity, it may be said that he is second to none in the powor to -win tho attention and applause of tho million ; and as his imagination has all along been enlisted in tho Bervice of humanity, ho deserves to he a favourite. Ho was .born at Landport, in Hampshire, England, iu 1812. His father, Mr. John Dickens, had a situation in tho Pay Department of tho Navy, and heing pensioned off at the conclusion of the war with Franco, he became a Parliamentary reporter. Bis son Charles was placed as clerk in an attorney's office ; but as he had moro inclination for litorary effort than for the business of tho office, and soon proved himself capable of composition that gave promiso of creditable attainment, he was offered a position ns reporter on tho True Sun. Thence he went to tho Morning Chronicle, on which ho was engaged under Mr. John Black. Soon after the commencement of his engagement as a reporter on this paper, he wroto for it " Sketches of English Life, by Boz." Tho first of these appeared in the year 1836, and at once gained for "Boz" a wide-spread popu- larity. And, of course, tho favourable reception he mot with stimulated him to new efforts. " Boz " ?was distinguished hy the boldness with which he introduced upon tho pages of fiction phases of English life that had heen generally regarded up to that time as lying outside tho fields of romaneo. While showing by some of his delineations that he had not gi von up his own refinement, ho brought upon the scene illustrations of coarse and brutal character, relieved with striking examples of pure and gentle human nature. Ahout this time he wrote a comic opora, "tho Villago Coquottes." Soon afterwards ho was engaged by Chapman and Hall to writo a serial in monthly parts, to bo illustrated hy Seymour. He gave to this now story the title of " Posthumous papers of the Pickwick Club." The publishers, knowing tho talent of Soymour, seem to have engaged Boz to perform a secondary part in the production of a work rich in fun and ingenuity. But itwas soon evident that tho letter-press was moro attractive than even tho sketches of the talented artist. Prom the notion of a club, who mimicked and carica- tured tho manners of members of Parliament, this story soon passed into a regular narrative of the adven- tures of Mr. Pickwick, a most amiahle and eccentric old bachelor. The scenes and characters of this story have become familiar in every social circle through- out the countrios whero the English language is spoken. Sam "Weller, the elder, with his common sense philosophy and dread of "widders;" Sam Weller, the younger, with his loyalty to his good maBtor, and honest buoyant hoart-both thoroughly English-poor Mrs. Bardell with her embarrassing susceptibilities and ridiculous pathos-and brow- beating Sergeant Buzfuz, will long live in the imagination of generations of English readers. These Pickwick Papers were not only a great commercial suecoss, hut tho introduction to a new era in literature. The overy-day life of tho middle and lower classes, described with accuracy and vigour, was made the chief interest in imaginary history ; and other talented writers soon took up tho same class of I subjocts. In 1838, tho real name of tho writer who had became popular as " Boz," was published to the j world. Meanwhile Bentley had, in 1837, engaged DickenB to conduct his "Miscellany," and in 1837 appeared tho first instalment of "Oliver Twist." AB a repertory of humour, and an embodiment of high spirits, Dickens has produced nothing which sur pasaos his first noted production, the "Pickwick Papers." But in " Oliver Twist," and other tales, he has shown a nobler purpose, and a moro varied talent. He has proved his power in the regions of the pathetic to bo equal to that which ho had exhibited in the comic. " Oliver Twist" was the first tale in which Dickens made tho assertion of tho claims of philanthropy on behalf of the down-trodden children f of want the main object of his pen, and in whioh pathos predominates over the ludicrous. In follow- ing his youthful horo through tho persecutions of a parish work-house, and the haunts of the lawless and dissipated classes in London, the author not only charms tho reador by the novelty of his delineations of Ufo, but calls forth the deop sympathies of the hoart. Having visited ono of the cheap hoarding schools in tho wolds of Yorkshiro, and seen tho inhumanity practised on the unfortunate children consigned hy their parents to the core of miserly, unfeeling schoolmasters and housekeepers, Dickens introduced into his next talo, Nicholas Nicklohy, a description of the cruolties of "Do-tho boys] Hall." This tale comprehends a larger variety of character then those which preceded it. A fine spirited youth and his charming sister meet on their way through tho world, villanous lawyers, poor but good-hoarted clerks, dissipated noblemen and their sycophants, victims of tho miserly schoolmaster's cruelty, and true friends. The publication o this tale had somo good effect in chocking the evil against which it was directed ; hui tho operation of such efforts in first awakening atten- tion to abominable cruelties requires to be followed np by a long continuod education of publlo feeling, lip to tho point at which outrages on humanity will bo effectually frowned down. At prosent, it is tc be feared thoro is many a " Do-tho-boys" Hall ir oxistenco. Dickens's pointed rebuke of some of thc iniquities of the wealthy provoked against him some hostility; he was charged with misrepresentatioi and exaggeration. If those complaints had anj offect upon him, it was not by any moans to induct him to retract what ho believed from observation tc be true representations, but to stir him up to rendel impartial justice by attacking successively the wrong- doings of many classos. In his " Hard Times " h( again, at a later period, pleaded the cause of thepooi against those who took advantage of their necessi- ties to grind them to the dust. The next production of his pon was a series entitled " Maator Humphrey's Clock," comprising two tales, " The Old Curiosity Shop," and " Barnaby Rudge." In the first of these ho showed that thc conception of "Oliver Twist" had not exhausted his capacity for original and touching sketches of child life. "Little Nelly" is almost unmatched as a personification of childhood's affection and sim- plicity. " Barnaby Budgo" has mere of an historical character than any other of his tales, being taken from the times of Lord George Gordon and tho " No Popery" riotB. Having gone thus far out of tho region of fiction, tho author went still further in the same direction, and published a work from which fiction was altogether excluded, though in tho narra- tive of facts he found scope for word-painting. This was tho "Memorials of Joseph Grimaldi," a man whose life presented just that combination of tho comio and pathetic in tho delineation of which Dickens most oxcolled. "Tho Talo of Two Cities," another tale with something of historic air, appeared at a subsequent time. But Dickons spoke more effectually to tho world, because moro fully in tho exorcise of his own true function, whon he wrote a series of tales for the winter holidays and fireside family meetings,-"Tho Christmas Carol," " The Chimes," the " Cricket on tho Hearth," "Tho Battle of Life," and " Tho Haunted Man and tho Ghost's Bargain." These Christmas visitors havo been welcomed to thousands of happy homes, to give new animation to morrimont, and aomotimos a deeper zest to affection and good resolution. Meanwhile, Dickons had booomo a travellor, visit- ing several of tho States of America, and making his observations on the mannors and morals of the | American people. On his rotura, in 1842, ho pub- lished "American Notes for general circulation." Whether he had takon his cuo from " Sam Slick," or whether two British subjects-ono a judgo, from the provinco of Canada, and tho othor a literary man from tho mother country-carno from independent observation to similar conclusions as to tho faults and foibles of brothor Jonathan, it is certain that Dickens's criticisms cut as keenly aB those of Judge Haliburton. Tho Ameri- cans were greatly annoyed at tho pictures prosonted to the world of their social lifo "for general circu- lation" in England and tho world. A storm of indignation burst forth in tho press of tho Unitod States against the spy who had partaken of their hospitality, and then from hiB safe retreat in England issued forth his stinging caricatures. Th< passion, however, soon subsided, and did not hindei Americans from relishing the humorous and touch- ing productions that issued from tho inventive brain of their critic. Long before his Beeond visit to America, all feelings of resentment had died away, tn 1*844 he published " Martin Ohuzzlewit," thc last of his productions in which humour pro dominates. The same yoar ho visited Italy, and wroto descriptions of what he thoro observed, which appeared afterwards in the Baily Nexos. This London journal was started on tho 1st January, 1846, and Dickens, who had a hand in the originating i of tho project, was appointed to tho post of its firsl i editor. His "Pictures of Italy" formed a ver j interesting feature of the papor. Ho did not, how- ever, long continuo in tho office of editor. Politiof did not seom to be a congenial Bphore. H( doubtless found moro agreeable occupation ii writing "Domhoy and Son," and when it hegni to be whispered hy some critics, that his poweri I wore on the decline ho produced a tale that ii I acknowledged to he equal, and hy some considered to ho superior, to any of his former works-" David i Copperfield." Certainly in the power of exciting j tho humano sympathies this talo is inferior to none. Nor did this exhaust his imaginative powers. In quiok succession it was followed by " Agnes," " Bleak Houso," "Hard Times," "Little Dorrit," "A Tale of Two Cities," "Tho Uncommercial Traveller," and " Great Expectations." In all his tales there is the same playful humour, moro or less displayed on tho sur- face, with occasional appeals to the emotional part of human nature, and a haok-ground of earnest purpose, either the oxposuro of shams, or tho tearing away of the hypocrite's garb, or the condemnation of villany, or tho plea for commiseration on behalf of tho suffering and the helpless. In 1850 ho commenced a course of literary labours of a different kind, by the publication of " House- hold "Words,"-a weekly journal comprising infor- mation on mattors of useful and ornamental art, practical ncionco, history, curiosities of antiquity, and almost every topic that appeals to tho reason or tho imagination, enlivened hy tales and poetry. Compared with his former works, this journal indicates that, with advancing years, the author has felt an increasing dosire to contributo solid benefits to the sum of human happiness, by diffusing information calcu- lated to engage tho thoughts on important subjects. This publication was continued until 1859, when its place was supplied hy " All tho Year Bound," in which Dickons still continuos to furnish thousands of readers with a multiform vnrioty of montai food. In 18C4 ho bogan " Our Mutual Friend," a moro artistic novel than his earlier talos, but ono that lacks tho freshness of genius which won for him tho ear of tho multitude. While as an individual writer thus largely contributing to tho literature of tho day, Dickons has shown a generous public spirit in tho advancement of tho intorests of his colleagues in tho ranks of polito learning. Ho was ono of tho foundors of tho Guild of Literature, and has been an active promotor of tho Royal Litorary Fund. Ho has also boon a generous friend to many artists and authorB. rt is a mattor for rogrot to have to rofor to tho fact that ono distinguished by such amiable traits should havo missod that homo happiness which ho has ofton well depicted. But Mr. Dickens himself has thought it duo to all con cerned, to inform tho world of tho naturo of hia domestic trouhlos, and it is, therefore, no impertinent intrusion to note tho fact that, in consequence of "incompatibility" found to bo insuporablo, he has doomed it nocossary to provide a separata establishment for Mrs. Dickons, and has dane this on a scale that woxild bo gonorous for ono much moro rich than ho " is. Tho world of readers can hardly boliovo that tho fault líos on tho sido of thoir favourito author. Tho man who has mado us all lovo "Oliver Twist," "Little Nelly," tho " Brothers Choeryblo," and " Kato Nickloby," and detest cruelty and selfishness cannot bo ono without hoart, or ono that would willingly cast a shado of gloom ovor his own homo circle. In 1868 ho once moro visttod Amorica ; and rocoivod wherovor ho went a most enthusiastic ova- tion. He publicly acknowledged that his formor representations of American lifo had boon based on imporfoct information ; and that all futuro editions of tho " Amorican Notes" should have ally loaf booring this confession. His past errors, in tho face of this acknowledgment woro freely pardoned by the pooplo who have folt themselves to bo grievously libollod by that production ; and tho reconciliation was cordial. Long may Mr. Charles Dickens livo to instruct and amuso a circlo of roadors wider than almost any author has ovor succoodod in interesting by thirty years' successive productions. 