dfor Ctntpetatttt Cnlnmn. THE LOST . BROTHER. ' Some thirty years ago, six very little children might have been frequently saen issuing from the old dull gray parsonage of H , in the West Riding of York shire, and wending their way, hand in hand, over the wild, bleak, and lonely jnoors that stretched far away, in uplands, dotted here and there with lichened rocks, seamed . and . scarred with rough weather, and now and then a solitary dwelling, with its bare patch of garden- ground, in which nothing would grow hut the hardiest vegetables for common use. These six little children were more at home in the dun and purple moors, with the ' peaseweep,' the blooming heather, and the sweets of wild flowers, than they were anywhere else. Five of them were girls, and the sixth was a little boy — their only bri ther. The eldest of them could not be more than ten years of age. They were all the world to each other, for they were ' mitherless bairns,' their mother having died lately of decline. When the ? wee toddlin' things' were out upon the moors by themselves, they were the brightest flowers in that wild waste. They were left much to themselves, and thrown. ..much upon their own resources, for their father, the incumbent of the parish of H -, was a man of a very peculiar temper, and led a life of great insolation and reserve, even within his own dwelling, taking his meJs in solitude, and mixing but little with his five girls and his little boy. He spent much of his time in his study, and in the discharge of his parochial duties, and in long solitary walks ; but he had little or no time to spend with his children. He seemed more a stranger than a father amongst them ; and this arose, not so much from a want of affection, as from a strange love of isolation; for, notwithstanding this eccentricity, his parishioners felt that he had a heart somewhere, and that., in times of sorrow, he could weep with those who wept. The children knew their father's reserved and silent way, and it gave them a quiet and subdued thought- fulness and reserve, which made people say that the ' wee things' had got old heads on young shoulders. They were thrown very much upon the care of an aunt, a good old maid who come to live with them, and a faithful servant, who never received any other name that that of old ' Tabby.' Happily the bairns id not require, much care from any o e. They could soon shift for themselves, in the way, at least, of proviving amuse ment ; for their books, and the dear old moors, that were ever new, never failed to furnish a world of enjoyment to the youthful inmates of that dull gray house. The two eldest sisters died when but young. The other three (all gone) lived to become distinguished writers, especially the eldest of them, whose name is now a household word. It is the sad life-story of the brother, that we would now briefly sketch. He was a boy of remarkable talents, and engaging manners, and soon acquired at that could be taught at the parish achool. He was as genial and open- hearted as the father was distant and re served ; and he so won upon that frigid nature, that of tines, for days together,' they worked hard for hours in the study —the father acting teacher to his pro mising boy. Ho was fond of drawing and painting, in which he would have excelled; and, whilst but a mere youth, he had a burning desire to distinguish himself in the world of letters. He was the pride of the family.. His three sisters felt, and proudly acknowledged, that if anything bright or promising was in store for them and their father in the future, it was through their brother it must come. He was the greatest genius in this rare family, now so well known by the tragic story of J ane Eyre. Never was brother more beloved, and never did sisters work with more heart devotion to help up a brother to the pinnacle of his wishes. The villiage, on the outskirts of which they lived, consisted of but one long, and very steep street, lying on the face of a hill, on the edge of a wild and dreary moor. The way to the parsonage lay through the churchyard, which was literally . pavemented with flat tombstones. Adjoining was the ohurch, and not far from that was the village inn, which Jung out the sign of the ? Black Bull.' In that.pa.rt of Yorkshire no funeral. ser vice was complete without what was ter medan ' arvil'— a gathering aVthe close, for dririkingand; . these;, f.ayyila . were generally held in the little inn. Patrick, for that -was the boy's name,- if as a fre quent Visitor at the ' Black Bull ' ou all such occasions ; and, as he had all the legendary lore; of the district by heart, nothing afferded these gatherings greater amusement, than to hear these' old le gends recited by one so young. . . The father was too much occupied with him self) or with other concerns, to take any notice of how his son 'conducted himself on such occasions. He was fond of com pany, and , of applause. If a solitary traveller arrived at the inn, the landlord was sure to expatiate' : on the wonderful genius of the lad /at the parsonage, and Patrick would be sent for, to share in the bottle, and to help in passing the time. Wheil he was about eighteen, no visitor was better known, and none more welcome at the 'Black Bull.' This was dangerous ground, and hazardous training for one so' young ; hut this was never thought of. The sisters saw their brother an object of regard to all, and this was enough for them. Time crept on, and the young man got thoroughly tired of bis aimless life; for ever and anon he felt the quickening power of aspirations urging him onwards to a high destiny, and raising him far above the rustic gatherings, in which he was the presiding genius, and the soul of wit. He felt that this, after all, was hut a miserable distinction—it was one which he longed, with all his heart, to exchange for a better. He lay rusting at home, when he might have been shiniDg in Lon don. It was his most fondly-cherished wish to seek distinction there, either in the world of letters or of art. He corre sponded with Wordsworth, and was about to enter the Royal Academy as a pupil ; and now his sisters saw his path to honor and fame lying in the fright sunshine of Virma hofnrr him Knh. anmolirktD or other, the plan for sending him there was fallen from, and he became, more than ever, a frequent and but too welcome visitor at the village inn. He did not yield, without a struggle, for he was still swayed by noble impulses and manly re solves, which, had they been but followed out, would have led to a better fato. Omi nous whisperings and rumours at length began to reach the parsonage ; and these might have been heard long before there, but for the isolated manner in which the inmates lived. For a long time his gifted and affectionate sisters would not permit themselves nor others to regard these failings in any other light than but the wayward traits of genius, and the mere playful ebullitions of a strong character, as yet without a definite aim in life. He was the idol of their hearts — the genius of the family — their own generous, gifted brother, and for years, notwithstanding the tongue of rumour, and even in defi ance of their own senses, they would be lieve nothing bad of him. Some poetical effusions, which are still preserved as the first fruits of his genius, only serve, alas ! to show what the harvest might have been, but for the blighting influence of strong drink. He became, at last, a tutor in a wealthy family, and from the time he did so, his history forms one of the darkest chapters in the annals of domestic tragedy. He was not altogether to blame ; but his pre vious habits had weakened his moral na ture, and he became an easy prey to the new temptations which now assailed him. During the time he filled this situation, when he visited home, which was but sel dom, he was a sad mystery to his sisters. He shunned them, or at times wept in their presence, and wished back the happy days of childhood. He was either elated with the wildest merriment, or he sat upbraiding himself in the strangest, language, and in the depths of the bit terest remorse. Suffice to say, that he came home in disgraee to his father, who was now nearly deprived of his sight, and to his sisters, who were all but broken hearted, when they could no longer con-, ceal from themselves the sad fact that their brother was a poor cast-away. The mystery was now solved. Many were the sleepless nights they spent, and the bitter tears they shed. The blind father, stoical though he was, sat stunned with grief in his study. The sisters wept in secret over the broken idol of their hearts. He now lay a dead weight npon the. family — all his former . aspirations and resolves gone. He was supplied with occasional sums of money, but these only 'served to furnish him with the means of further de basement. He contracted debt, and could , not pay it; and the shnilfs' officer was not unfrequently. seen at his father's' doo% He was always either drinking,- or stupid with drink— making the whole family wretohed, -.so that his sisters,, from the shame they felt, could not invite any of their friends to come and see them. He took to the eating of opium, as 'a sweet oblivious antidote' with which to soothe his guilty conscience. For this purpose it was more effectual than drink, and more easily carried about with him. He adopted the meanest shifts to procure it ; and be came such a slave to it, that it was a- ne cessity of his wretched being. He had frequent attacks of delirium tremens, ren dered all the more frightful by drink and opium. On all sueh occasions, his old blind father would permit no one to take charge of him but himself; and frequently has the son been heard to say, as they re tired for tho night, that either he or his father would be dead before morning. During those sad and weary nights there was no sleep to any of the inmates of the parsonage. The sisters would sit in their room, trembling and sick with fright, expecting every moment to hear the report of a pistol in the dead hour of night, ior the father always kept 9uch a weapon in his bedroom. It was in vain the daughters warned him of his danger — he was not to be frightened, and B was still his own son, and no one would watch him hut himself. Iu the gray dawn of the morning, when the paroxyisms were over,' and the old man, exhausted, had dropped over to sleep, the poor shat tered drunkard— the ghost of his former self — would steal out of the room, maun dering like an idiot, and demanding more drink. More than once he has been heard to say, as he staggered out of the bedroom, ' The poor old man and I have had a ter rible night of it; he does his best -the poor old man ! but it's all over wit'a me.' In nio lnof lllnoaC! nA VOOAlrrnJ iUni am iu uio iaou inuvHo, AAV AOUAVOU UUdl, WUCU he felt death approaching, he would stand up to receive the last enemy. He had frequently said that, so long as there was life, there wa9 strength of will to do what it , chose. His fitful, feverish, wayward life, had not, at least, been an example of this. When; he felt the death-struggle coming on, ho insisted on standing up. Would to God he had stood up long before this, in the dignity of moral manhood, and risen above the vices which brought him to an untimely grave ! When he died, his pockets were full of letters, which revealed but too truly the depths, into which he had fallen. ' He died and made no sign,' in the thirtieth year of his age, another instance of a brother lost — of early genius blighted by strong drink ! In his case, alas ! love's labours, even the love of sisters, stronger than death, were all lost, for he fell before that enemy which— hardens a' within And petrifies the feelings.' 