LOCAL AND GENERAL. " Yass Races. — A mooting to arrange for hold ing races on tho 2 1th nnd 25th May was hold at Mr. T. Colls's Coinmorc-inl Ilotcl, Yass, last Saturday evening, Mr. J. Sliipwuy in tho chair. Tlio proceedings wero anything but orderly. It was arranged to canvass tho town for subscrip tions, and a sub-eommittoo was appointed for tho purposo. Mr. Mackintosh was olectcd treasurer,- nnd other ofheo-boarers appointed. Messrs. L. II. Fitzgerald, Goo. Robertson, and J. J. Roborts wore uppointod a sub-committeo to select a courso 011 tho ground which Mr. T. Bnrbor had placed at tho disposal of tho moot ing. Mr. G. Smith voluntoorcd to moasuro tho course. It was arranged that at next mooting a progrnmmo should bosubinittod. Tho motion for adjournment, fixing the hour of next meeting for oight p.m., was only just carriod, many prosont being in favour of a morning meeting to allow of tho attendance of such residents in tho country as might be favourable to the attempt to rc- oommcnco annual races in tho district. Accident at Cavan. — On Saturday last, a man named Noonan, a ploughman in tho employ of Mr. Calvert, Cavan, Murrumbidgoc, met with an nccidont by which his right log, abovo tho ankle, was fractured. It appears that Noonan and a person nnmod Thatcher wero unloading a dray, and while carrying a snck full of salt, weighing some 2S0 lbs,, on a handbarrow, Noonan slipped, and his leg coming under tho barrow, tho bono was smashed. Dr. O'Connor, of Yass, was at onco sent for, and sot tho limb. Noonan was brought into tho hospital yesterday afternoon. A Ghost at Murrumhuriiah. — Wo arc in formed by a correspondent of a rather lame attempt at a practical joko which was made on the 7th inst. at Murrumburrah. A young man named O'Donnoll, in tho employ of Mr. A. D. Young, has lately boon in the habit of sleeping in tho Catholic Chapel now in the courso of erection thoro. On tho abovo date, a party of men and women wishing to frighten b:m, despatched to tho chapol a ghost, whito sheeted and wiord, all ready made to ordor. It sooms, however, that O'Donnoll was not to bo frightened so easily. Ho roso from his bed and commonccd to dross. Seeing those stops, tho ghost " skedaddlod but tho promoters of tho unsuccessful spiritual mani festation, indignant at thoir failure, indulged in stonothrowing at O'Donnoll, who owing to it boing dark was unablo to catch or identify any of his persecutors. It must bo owned that tho whole affair was not of a vory creditable charactor. Transmission or Prisoners. — Yostordny morn ing six prisoners wore forwarded to Goulburn in ono of Messrs. Cobb and Co.'s coaches, under tho oscort of sonior-constablo Ilauglioy and constable Smith. Throo of tho prisoners wore in irons ; tho othor throe boing unfortnnntos sontoncod to gaol merely to ouablo thorn to obtain medical treatment. Tue New Bridge. — Wo do not see that tho Government nro as yet taking any stops to commence tho cutting for tho road 011 tho north side of tho, bridge. Unless the work is soon commenced, there will bo considerable delay before traffic can bo resumed, oven nftor tho completion of tho iron work. Could not both works proceed at tho smno timo ? Coroner i'or Young. — Mr. Robert Brown Armstrong has boon uppointod to bo coroner for the district of Young. The Defaulting Railway Accountant. — A reward of £100 has boon offered by tho Govern ment for sneli information as shall load to tho apprehension of Ashdown, who, as it will bo roinomborod, abscondod last woek from his bail. Ho is doscribod as "about forty-five years of ago, fivo feet sovon inchos high, medium build, dark sallow complexion, iron-gray hair and whiskers, down looking." Insolvency Court. — April 0. — Before the Chief' Commissioner. In the ostato of Arthur Rommington, Ilardwicko, near Yass, an ad journed singlo mooting was hold. Two debts wore proved. Insolvent did not appear. Tho mooting was adjourned nntil tho 13th, whou, if ho did not attend, a warrant will issue for his apprehension ... Corrodoree. — It is said that a mooting of tho Upper Murrumbidgoo blacks is to bo hold shortly at Gundagai. New Magistrates. — Tho undermentioned gon- tlomon havo been appointed magistrates of tho colony, viz.: — James Day, Albury; Jamos II. Dunlop, Walboondra, Albury ; William Frodorick Ewington, Hay; John Byrne Hurley, Rock Lodgo, Corumandra, Lachlan ; Francis Mason, Cawaroe, near Braidwood ; Kenneth McLonnan, Albury ; Duncan McPherson, Wankmiuga, Lake Victoria, Wontworth; Jamos Iiuon Mitchell, Albury ; Jamos Ramsay, Nanama, Gundaroo. Expenses of Petty Sessions, Gaols, &c.;— Tho following items wero voted last week: — Adolong, police to act as C.P.S., £10; Binalong, acting C.P.S., £10; Burrowa, C.P.S., £175; Forbes, C.P.S., £175 ; Grenfoll, C.P.S., £175; Gundagai, Polico Magistrate visiting Tumut, Adolong, Tumbaruiubu, and Cootamundry, £150 ; C.P.S., £175 ; Gunning, acting C.P.S., £50 ; Lachlan, Polico Magistrate for Forbes, Con- dobolin, and Grenfoll, £-150 ; Murrumburrah (new appointment), C.P.S., £175; Quoanboyan, Polico Mugistrato for Braidwood, Bungcndorc, aud Gundaroo, £150 ; C.P.S., £175 ; Tumut, C.P.S., £175 ; Yass, C.P.S., £175 ; Young, Polico Magistrato nnd Gold Commissioner to visit Burro wa and Murrumburrah, £500 ; C.P.S., £175. — Braidwood, Wagga Wagga, and Yass gaols, each— gaolor, £1-10, matron, £10.— For tho District Courts in tho South- wostern dis tinct :— Rogistrar, Yass, £G0 ; ditto, Young, £50 ; ditto, Gundagai, £50 ; ditto, Burrowa, £30 ; ditto, Tumut, £50 ; ditto, Wagga Wagga, £50 ; ditto, Albury, £300 ; doputy rogistrar, ditto, £50. Rogistrar, Dcniliquin, £50 ; ditto, Hay, £10. Bailiff, Young, £-10; ditto, Yass, £50 ; ditto, Gundagai, £10 : ditto, Burrowa, £30; ditto, Tumut, £10; ditto, Albury, £-10; ditto, Hay, £-10. Grants in aid of Mechanics' Institutes. — Tho cstimato for tho above purposo which was ngreod to last Wednesday, included tho follow ing itoms : — Braidwood, £50: Forbes, £100,; Grenfoll, £100; Gundagai, £100; Quoanboyan, £50 ; Waggn Wagga, £50 ; nnd Yass, £100. The Defaced Silver Coinage. — In tho Legisla tive Assembly on Wednesday, the Colonial Treasurer laid upon tho table copios of do- spntchos and minutes on tho subject of procur ing a supply of silver coin from Loudon, to replace tho defaced coinage now in cir culation hero. Tho first lottor is from Mr. Samuel to Lord Bclmore. In it the Treasurer informod tho Governor of tho inconvonionco ex perienced in consoquoiico of tho circulation of tho coins alluded to, of which some samplos nro onclosod, and soliciting tho good offices of his Excollency in procuring a hotter supply. This lottor having been roforrod to tho doputy-mustor of tho mint for his report, that oflicer reported accordingly as follows: — "Tho silver currency at home is maintained in a healthy condition through tho agency of tho Bank of England, which withdraws from circulation tho worn and dofacod coins, and sends thorn into tho Mint for rocoinngo, receiving also and sonding into circu lation tho now coin. It is possible, as suggested by tho Coloniul Treasurer, that tho Imperial Go vernment might bo inducod to oxtond similar bonofits to this colony, in which caso tho presence of a branch of tho Royal Mint might perhaps Ijo considered to afford facilities such as aro obtained in London through tho Bank of England." A second dospntch from Lord Behnoro having boon roforrod by Lord Granvillo to tho Lords of tho Treasury, and by thorn to tho Royal Mint, Mr. Froomantlo replied as follows to tho Lords of tho Treasury: — "Both the G'oininoreiul Bunk of Sydnoy and tho Govornor of Now South Wales prefer a request that tho Imperial Govornrffont will supply that colony with silvogjffns in ex- cliango for tho existing silvor currency, which has hocomo much worn by use; nnd I would submit that as 110 authority has been given to tho branch of tho Royul Mint nt Sydnoy to coin silver, a supply of silver monoy from this eoun- Lry oilers the only means ol reintegrating the silvor currency of tho colony, and tlint tho Bank of England should bo authorised, therefore, to receive silver coin 011 tho application of tho agents for tho Government of Now South Wales 011 tho samo conditions as tlioso undor which it receives it from persons resident in this country. Tho result of tho arrangement will 110 doubt bo to iiierouso tho. loss incurred by tho Imperial Government on the receipt of worn silvor, which now amounts to £1 5.1)1.111 a year. One point of difl'oronco is to bo noticed between tho applica tion of tho Govorniuont of Now South Wales and that of tho Commercial Bank of Sydnoy. The forinor roqnosts that sufficient silvor coin may bo " sont to tho colony to roplaco that which is now in circulation," whereas the latter suggest that "as it would not bo worth tho troublo and oxponse of shipping tho worn coinago from tho colony, merely to oxchango it for tho current silvor circulation of this country — two or throo thousand pounds monthly in new silver should bo supplied " for tho uso of tho colony. Upon this point J would remark that it would bo diffi cult, if not impossible, for the Bank of England to guarantee that now coin shall in all cases bo given in exchange for worn silvor; and I submit that, whilo granting tho colony tho samo privi leges as those enjoyed by tho homo community, tho Imperial Government should not restrict I ho discretion of tho Bunk of England as to whether tho silvor issued by thorn for transmission to Sydnoy should or should not consist entirely of now coin." Tho next document from tho secre tary of tho Treasury to tho Bank of England, is as follows : — "Tho lords commissioners of her Majesty's Treasury havo had before them your lottor of tho 30th Ootobor last, enclosing a copy of a communication received from tho London manager of tho Commercial Bank of Sydnoy, in quiring whothor tho Bank of England would roccivo £1000 or £2000 monthly in worn silver coin. In reply I am to acquaint you that it ap pears to their lordships to bo desirablo that the usual facilities for tho exchange of worn and light silvor coins should bo afforded to tho agents of tho Australian banks who may present at tho Bunk of England such worn or light silvor for oxchango (the bank or the colonial Government undertaking tho cost of its transport to and from tho colony), but that thoir lordshins must lnavo it to your convenience to supply tho applicants with now coin, or with old coin legally current." Tho reply from tho Bank of England is not gi von. Mr. Samuel addressed another lottor to the Go vornor, which his Excollency forwarded to Eng-. land by the March mail (last month). Mr. Samuel's lottor is as follows : — "Referring to the despatch from tho secretary of Stuto i'or tho Colonios, No. 0, of'2lth January last, and its en closures. 011 t he subject, of replacing defaced coin in tho colony, 1 desire to call attention to tho fact that it is not therein stated that tho request made by tho Government ofthis colony, through me, on tlio.27 tli August, 18(J0, will bo" complied with; and I would again respectfully urge tho necessity of somo stops boing taken to obviate i tho soricms inconvonionco felt by tho public here, I owing to tho depreciated condition of tliu silver j coins in circulation. What ronlly is required is i that, as in the caso of tho eoppor coinago, a sup- > ply of perfect coins should bo sont to replace tlioso in circulation, which cannot bo otherwiso j withdrawn. Tho application of tho Commercial ' Bank of Sydnoy, mentioned in tho despatch, was ! not mado with my knowlodgo. I shall fuel obliged if his Excellency tho Govornor will ro- i now my request of August last to tho Imperial I authorities by tho outgoing mail." ; Expenditure of Puiilic Moneys. — On tho 28th ultimo, Lord Bclmore addressed an important j minuto for tho consideration of his responsible j advisors. IIo animadverts on tho total absence ' of certificates 011 tho face of documents relating j to payments out of tho Consolidated Revenue not . specially provided for by act of Parliament. Ilo j says : — It is perfectly clear that tho Governor cannot constitute himself into an auditor before payment. That is a duty which can only bo pro perly performed by tho Department of tho Audi- tor-Goncral. If the Governor is effectually to perform the duty, which it now appears was cast upon him bv the Constitution Act, but which I can Hardly think was recognised, ou its roll ox- tent of porsomil responsibility, as so cast upon thoni by either of my immediate predecessors or their Ministers, I nsscrt in tho strongest terms than an audit before paymont, together with a certificato from tho Auditor-General that tho monoy required is legally availablo, or if not nil so availablo, tlion showing what tho items in excess arc, and that tlioy havo boon sanctioned by the Govornor in Council, nro absolutely indis pensable. Tho minutos having shown that the rccoipt of instructions from Lord Granville, renders ono of two things noccssary ; either that tho Govornor should bo roliovod of personal responsibility by ono of tho methods indicated by Lord Granvillo, or tlint a vory decided change of pnrt of tho prosont system, with regard to issues of public monoy, must bo ndopted, con cludes by stating that if a subsequent change of practico has had tho effect of imposing a "more onerous duty upon the Governor than was con templated possibly by tho trainers of the Con stitution Act, it scorns to 1110 to bo tho duty of tho pcoplo of this colony not only (to uso Lord Grnnvillo's own words) "to support hint in doing so," but further to provide him with tho most oftectual moans of executing his duty " punc tually." The Latf, Water Police Magistrate. — Mr. Pc'ter Laurence Cloote, whoso\lcath wo recorded in our last issue, was educated at Harrow, and in early lifo had served as adjutant of a mountod corps in tho Kaffir war. Subsequently ho occu pied the post of uido-do-camp to his uncle, Lieutcnant-Gonoral Sir Josias Clooto. lie ar m-oil in Australia in 1S52, and first cntorod tho public sorvico as gold commissioner, but 011 tho douth of Captain North became stipendiary ma gistrate in tho Water Polico department. The St. Andrew's Society. — This society, recently startod in Sydnoy, has for its objects tho assistance of Scotchmen in distress, or wanting information, as woll as tho social im provement of mom bers of tho society, by tho promotion of physical onorgy, and tho" elevation of moral charactor. Not only Scotchmen, but tho descendants of' Scotchmen, are eligible for membership. Among tho oflicors clocteil aro Dir. Buchan Thomson, president ; tho Rev. Dr. Lang, chaplain. Tho monthly subscription is Is. It is intondod to oxtond the society by branches to townships of the intorior. The New Victorian Ministry. — We glean the ' following from tho latest Melbourne telegrams : — Tho Ministry have boon sworn in, and the writs for thoir ro-olection are to be issued noxt wook. Tho Press generally consider that tho now Ministry is a good ono, although somo tako oxception to Mr. M'Phorson. Tho following aro tho names: — Sir Jamos M'Culloch, Gliiof Secre tary ; Mr. Francis, Treasurer; Mr. Michio, Attorney- General; Mr. Wrixon, Minister of Justice; Mr. M'Phorson, Lauds; Mr. Wilson, Railways; Mr. a'Bockott, Customs; Mr. Bates, Public Works ; Mr. Mackay, Minister of Mines. It is proposed to givo Mr. Grunt a seat in the Cabinet without portfolio, and ask tho llouso for a pension of £1000 per annum. The Tenterpield Jury and Judge Mkymott. — At tho Quarter Sessions held at Tcntorfield on Wednesday, according to tho ,$'. M. Herald's telo- grum, Malachi Kolly, charged with stealing in a dwelling, was acquitted, whereupon his honor ordered tho names of tho jurymen forthwith to bo struck off tho jury-list, and statod that a more disgracofnl verdict, had never boon given. Excmu'TA. — A fire occurred last Tuesday night in Brisbane, by which £2000 worth of damage was sustainod. An English agent has arrived in Mclbourno with £30,000 to invost in tho Castlomaino minos. Tho Mogo diggings, near Moruyn, are looking up again. Tho Braidwood Dispatch says that tho floods havo almost selflod the Nolligen farmers. Tho Earl of Belmoro has given £50 as a donation to tho Maitland Bencvolont Society. Tho jury, who investi gated tho circumstances attending the gunpuwdor oxplosion at Mansfield, Victoria, censured tho man-hauls for sending powde" .in.suiiuhlo to waggon carriage, and contrary lo the provisions of tho Act of Parliament applying to such car riage. The Melt„,vr,ie Jlcrald suggests fri- 1 onnial intercolonial volunteer encampments. 1 A young man named Frederick liaise, canto by 1 his death on tho 5th April,, in Lydiard-street, Ballarat, death being caused by asphyxia from 1 suil'ocation, from a large quantity of oats having I fallen upon him from a loft on which tho oals were laid not having been properly secured.— — i Tlio avcrago attendance at the Free Public i Library, Sydney, is stated to Im 200. It ap- 1 pears from correspondence between tlio Vicar- 1 General and tho Government , that Mr. O'riiillivan, I before I10 made the late charges against the i iimuagomont of tlio Roman Catholic Orphan c School at Parnunalta, was himself charged with I grossly immoral conduct. A local bank is 1 talked of in Albury, with tlio especial view of 1 mooting tbo wants of froo seloctors, l'armors, Ac. ! Tlio Molbourno Corporation have forwarded 1 au address of condoloneo to Lady Darling. i The Naramlera correspondent of tlio Wagga I Wagga Express statos that on tlio 5th inst.. iho : Murruinbidgee was eleven feet lour inches abovo I summer level. fncondiarism is said fo be 1 largely on tlm inereuso in Victoria. Next, 1 Saturday a cricket match comes oil' between Gundagai and Wagga Wagga. Writing aiiont 1 the grape crop, the Wagga Wagga Advt v/iVcr states that tho wines from tiie early vintage will ho 1 short in quantity, but- aro likely to be very full- 1 bodied and dry in quality, whilst tlioso from tlio 1 late crop will bo, in all probability, weak and washy, and without any good keeping property. Tho Gipps Land mining warden lias re cently reported 10 tlio Victorian Government the discovery of payable goldworkings at Corner Inlet, in tlio southern portion of bis di-triet. <)n the iStli inst., tlio Wagga Wagga bench lined tho local Briilgo Company's toll-taker 2 Os., with two guineas professional costs, for taking 1111 oxcossivo toll froin a person named llollowny. T'liu free punt movement is making progress in Wagga Wagga. A punt has been purchased for the sum of £325, and its utmost iininediate uso may ho expected. A Victorian View of the Railway System of New South Wales.— The Melbourne Jlcrald has the following remarks on tho abovo subject: — The railway system of Now South Wales is at present 011 its trial in that colony, and it is understood (although tlio report is not yet before Parliament) that a select cominitteo has pro nounced it to bo a lingo costly mistake. Tlio subject is of somo importance to 11s, inasmuch as thoro was reason to believe that at no distant dato the Sydney Government would push railway extension as- far as tlio Murray, and thus bocomo our formidable rival in the carrying u-udo of the preihteq of the Ifiveriiia district. That public feeling is strongly in favour of a through lino to connect tlio capitals of the two colonics is evident from the tone ol'tho Sydney Press, which descants 011 tho advantages of making tlio through journey in twenty-four hours, and tlio iinmcu.su extent of country that would thus bo opened up to profit able settlement. Tlio great difficulty, however, with our northern neighbours is want of cash. The total amount of thoir railway loan is a little over £l!,O00,Ui)(i, tho greater portion of which, it appears, has been spout on ilireo separate rail way schemes, instead of one great trunk line, nnd worso still, thoro is every probability that tho requirements of those existing lines will absorb the balance of the loan, leaving not a fraction for soutlioru railway oxtonsion. This would not be a vory serious matter, perhaps, if the present lines were remunerative, because tho Government would then havo no difficulty in obtaining tlio sanction of Parliament to a further lean. But they yield to tho .State a not prolit — 1 or raLhor, as it is somi-ollieially put, an "apparent" net prolit — of only some £sl,0ii0 per uniitim; while the annual interest 011 the rail- j way lean amounts to £0u",uuu a year. 'Every | mile of railway in the country costs £51-1 per j annum, equal to a poll tax 011 every man, woman, and child, of 12s. a year. Under tlioso circiim- J stances the select committee havo found a diili- culty in recommending nn extension of railway of such a character as would be required from tho present terminus of then- southern line to that point ol tho Murray that would form the connect ing link between the capitals of the two colonics. ! In othor words, tho select committee have come to tho conclusion that inasmuch as the present lines do not- pay, it would bo injudicious to borrow money to extend tho snmo costly system, nud that the- best thing would ho to construct liorsc-powor railways beyond the present termini. It is difficult to boliovo that this last alternative will bo adopted by Parliament, be cause any policy that has a tendency to make Now South Wales appear nationally of loss im portance than Victoria is certain to be unpopular. Already, and before tho report of tho select cominitteo has boon laid before Parliament, there- is a strong fooling against it, and feclors are being thrown out to ascertain how far direct taxation will bo acceptable, the quid pro quo boing southern railway extension to the Murray. It will not bo siispi-ising if the financial difficulty that stands in | tho way of so costly an undertaking is mot by tlio i adoption ol a system that has been found to work well in tho United States nnd Canada. There private enterprise, largely endowed with land by the Government, lins succeeded not only in carry ing out important works of this character, bat also of settling a considerable population nt various points throughout the whole lino of route. In the inuantimo, however, this colony loads the way in tho matter of railway extension, and wisely, as it will now , bo admitted, in a northerly direction; /or long befwrc New South Wales is ready to make a sign our new northern line will have secured the large and imporlunl traffic of the Bivtri nc district, and wo shall ho in an o'xcol- Iont position to sustain a kcon competition with our northern neighbours by tlio timo tho whisllo of its first looouiotivo is hoard on tho Murray border. .Serious Accident. — A11 nccidont of a vory sorious nature occurred at Fisher's Creek 011 Tuesday last. On that day, Mr. Joseph Dwyer mounted a young horse, which proved oxtromely restive, bolting with its rider, and dashing him against a tree with groat violence. Tho injuries sustained consist of a fracture of tho skull, a contusion 011 tho right shoulder, and other bodily hurts. Mr. Dwyer is now under tlio euro of Dr. Oiill'ord, who pronounces tlio sufferer us likely to recover.— -Burrowa, Advocate. Useless Journey of a Crown Witness.— Tlio presont stato of the law as to the calling of Crown witnessos occasionally brings to light cases of individual hardship where tlio witness has been takon away from his business avoca tions and compelled to travel, often without any advantago to tlio cause of justice, to somo distant part of tlio colony. That such cusos aro somo- timos unavoidable wo aro not so unreasonable to deny, lint wo think wo enn detail a caso in which nothing hut sheer want of judgment, if not stupidity, has boon tlio means of sending a so- called Crown witness from Albury to Boga, in the coast districts, 011 a fruitless and i-xpeusivu wild gooso chase. A ease of supposed inl'anti- cido lias I'or somo months occupied tho attention ol'tho polico and bench of magistrates at Moruyu, which, from recent reports in tho iicnvspapors, appears to havo culminated in tho committal fur trial of two young ladies named Margaret Gil- hcrt anil Elizabeth Tarlintou, daughters of a respectable resident in tho Boga district. Tho alleged oll'eiico — namely, I'or unlawfully conceal ing tlio birth of a female child— is said to havo been committed six yoars ago. Tho principal witnoss for tho prosecution, n woman named Emily Wintle, states that she heard sounds and voioos in tho room of Margaret Tailinton which convinces her that tho birth of a child had oc curred, and that Margaret was its mother. Afterwards, tho witness statod, Elizabeth Tar linton took tho body of tho child to tho bottom of the garden and there buried it. .Several years nftor this alleged crime tlio witness, wlioso lins- batid by the hyo sooms to have had his eattlo im pounded by tlio prisoners' father, comes forward and gives information upon which tlio present prosecution is based. The remains of tho child have been exhumed at tlio phico indicated by tlio witness AVintlc, and a coroner's inquest was omployed oil' on and on for somo' months in the examination of witnesses. One of these so-called wituosso, was a Miss Ifogan, bar maid at AVIiiteliand's Commercial Hotel in this Lown, buL she knew absolutely nothing about the ease, and after having boon dragged from this roiuoto border of tlio colony down to Llio lloga district, the witness otl'ecteil nothing in ihu case except to provoke tho merri ment ol the coroner's jury by her evident ignor- uice of anything which could elucidate tho affair 'or or against tho prisonor. Tho Tarlintons wero lischat-gcil alter the coroner's vordict had boon lolivored, hut wore subsequently put upon their trial upon further evidunco which appeared. It ippears that about the time when tlio allogud rilfenco was committed, in tho year 1 361- , Miss Hogan had occasion to stay at Mrs. Tarlinton's liouso near Boga, and the principal witness in the caso, tho wife ol'tho soloetor whoso eattlo liail aoua impounded by tlio squatter, Mr. Tarlintou, stated that Miss llognn had at that timo remarked that the prisonor .Margaret loolcod as if sho was L-ncointc. On the strength of this representation the magistrate at Boga, Mr. Caswell, sont for Miss Hogan from Albury, although ho wus Assured that she had never made tho remark re ferred to as to Margaret Tarliutcm's condition, and that she know nothing whatever about tho affair, or tlio people connected with it, which could in any possible wny all'eet the caso in tho slightest degree. Wo understand Mint Miss llognn explained this to tlio inspoctoi- of polico in Albury, and that sho understood from that gontleuian that hor knowledge of tlio ease could not. be ol' any possiblo uso to thj Crown. Wo presuino from this that tho inspector must havo reported to the samo all'uet to the authorities at Boga. Nevertheless she was compelled to make a journoy to tlio coast and hack again, a woary trip of about 11 thousand miles ; her usual avocations wero interfered with for several weeks, and a usoless expenso of perhaps £150 was entailed upon the eountrv. Jn a ease like this it scotus to us that a temporarily constituted court composed of the polico magis trate. tho inspector of polico, nnd a local solicitor, could at a trifling expenso havo ollootivoly ascertained whether tho witness had any evidence to givo which- could in any degree havo justified tho country in incurring tho expenso ol' sending her for examination to tho other cud of the colony. Nothing was elicited from tho witness at Mega which could not havo noon equally well clicitod at Albury. — Alburn Banner. Forgery. — Willi reference to tho forgeries wo mentioned in our last issuo as having been perpetrated in Burrowa, tho Advocate has tho following: — Burrowa has been honoured with a visit by an individual calling himself "Mr. Watson," who during his short stay amongst us succeeded in victimising two local storekeepers. This doubtless liigli dignitary in the " sharping " profession arrived in Bun-own 011 tho 2nd inst., and during tho evening visited somo of our stores, in two of which ho purchased various articles, in each case offering in payment there for a £10 cheque drawn on tho Joint Stock Bank. Yass, and signed "Roes Jones." Having no suspicion of the genuineness of Ihu cheques, both were cashed without hesitation, and tho correct change handed over to llio undoubtedly gratelul recipient. Thoso chcquos wore pnid into the local bank, aud forwarded to Yass lot- collection on Thursday last, 011 which day intelligence was received by telognun to tho ell'ect that, both cheques wore forgeries. In formation was at onco given to tho polico, who nr.,- now instituting inquiries, such as wo liopo will load to tlio capture of the delinquent. This ra'licr smart individual, however, having de camped early on .Sunday morning, and without att meting suspicion as to his movomonts, somo didicully will doubtless bo experienced in dis covering the precise direction in which ho lias d -parted. "Mr. Watson," as he calls himself, appears to have received a good education, is rather loquacious, but lias not a particularly fascinating appearance. Being possessed of amazing impudence, ho will, no doubt, in tlio various towns honoured by hint ivitli a visit, alforil furl hor proofs ofhis abilities in tlio special line of business 1 10 litis cltuson for a livelihood. — Jjurrowa .U trouaie. l-.t'rongir.i.y Gold Mining Company. — We ex tract tho following from tho Gundarjai Times: — Although tho public may havo beard little of Into as to tlio progress of tlio Eurongilly Gold Mining Company, ull.nccossary preparations for commencing operations in earnest 011 that golil- liold havo been mado in a quiofc btisincss-Iiko manlier, and most of tho machinery is alrpqjly 011 llio ground. Tlio battery, will consist of ten head of stampers, oacli weighing (3 cwt. It is expected that in two months, at latest, from this time steam will bo up, and tlio stampers at work. About 300 tons of good- looking stone, in which gold is plainly dis cernible, aro now to grass, and wo learn that a rich roof has boon struck in Barnosls shaft. This had formerly boon sunk 30 foot nnd thou abandoned; but 611 going somo 8 loot further down, tho leader wo refer to was brought to light. The shaft is now 135 feet down, fully 35 tons of stone have hocm raised, and tlio roof seems to widen out ns tho workers get lower down. ... Drowning at Grenpell.— On Thursday last a liLtlo girl about ton yoars of ago, namod Berry, was drowned in a nolo noar Mr. Vaughn's machine 011 tho Ono-milo. It appeared that tlio child had gono to tho liolo with a billy to fetch somo water, and when attempting to (ill the billy, tlio sides of tlio liolo hail given way mid she had liillcn in. Dr. Austin was sont for as soon as the child was discovered, but all dibits to restore animation were of 110 avail. — Burrawjourj Argus. The Alleged Hard Treatment of Murphy. — With i-oforeiieo to tlio story told by tho mini Mur phy, lately taken from Dourko lo Wagga Wagga on a 1'also charge of murder, tho Dubho Disjiateh writes as follows : — From our letters — and somo of tlioin nre from porsotis ontiroly unconnected with tho police — wo learn that Murphy's story is vory sensational and very much at varianco with facts. Murphy was first arrested on a charge of forgery. Whilo in tho Bourko look-up, ho was seen by a mini named McGregor, who gave inform ation that led to his boing also charged with tlio murder of tho hawkers, Pohlman, at Naran- dera. McGregor verified his information 011 oath. Tho prisonor plcadod to boing possessed of two or three aliases, lie said ho was working at Buckaube at tho timo of tho murder. Mi-. Acior, J.P., the owner of tho station, denied all knowledge of him. The boneh allowed him every opportunity and a considerable timo to prove his alibi — to find anyone who could idontil'y liini under tlio dill'cront aliases ho sported; but Mur phy was unablo to do this, and hence nothing was left to tho magistrates but to romaud him to Wagga Wagga. By tho way, ho called Mr. R. Naucarrow ; but as that gonllouiaii had not seen liim until some forty-soven days after the mur der, his evidence was ol little use. At Gongolgon, and on the road from Bourko to it, prisoner was treated as well us possiblo. Murphy was never, as lie status, lour days at tbo woolslioil at Colano ; in fact he never s",w it. It was hero, according to bis story, he faintod whilo cn route from Gongol gon to Ouuiioiibar. A correspondent writes: — lie never fauitud in.r was ho assisted 011 or oil' tho horso on account of his woaknoss. If ho was assisted 011 his horse, it was because tho animal was loo high for liiin. Ho got another horse in prol'oroiioo to tho smallor one, bueauso it was tlio easier to ride. Tbo Iroutinont Murphy received wus the same as tho constables." At l.lie Duhhu lockup, Murphy was impudent and troublesome ; but be was treated kindly, and not like a dog as lie avors. When lio wont through Orange there was no crowd lining tho stroots to see tlio " murderer," and tho all-sufficient reason was that perhaps no two porsons in tho town wero awaro of tho cxislenco of such a person as tlio said Murphy. While m route to Goulburn, under escort of sonior-constablo Toohcy, Mur- phy says bo was not ullowod to havo anything to oat, and boyond a fow ponchos bo nevor tasted food till bo ronchod Goulburn. A correspondent on this point says: — "Murphy loft Batburst in chargo of Tooboy, and m tho samo coach wore tbo gold oscort men, Crow and Mulonoy, undor sonior-sorgeant Brookes. At Bowonfols, tbo lot got into tho samo carriage, and travollcd together by rail as far as tho Parrainatta Junction, Mur phy was not pointed out us a murdoror whoro tboy woro having breakfast, and certainly no young lady started hack horrified. Murphy took with-hiin,-whon laaving Batburst gaol, sufiiciont food to last him until bo ronchod Goulburn, and whilo on tbo journey bo did not ask for bronk- fast. In fact, tbo only thing ho wanted or wisliud for during tbo wliolo journey was brandy. Sovorul times ho asked that bo might bo allowod to got it; but on all occasions bo was rofuscd, nnd Mur phy thoroupon beenmo very savago and very nbusivo." AVo may nlso stato that bo grossly abusod tbo govornor of tbo Batburst gaol, Mr. Forbes. Tho faintingfits and wonknossos, which nro frooly introduced in tbo story, did not, wo bavo ovory roason to know, take placo. Whon a stoppage occurred, it was not because of Murphy's illness, but owing to polico arrangements. It is also said that Murphy lias u wifo and family at Bourko. AVo should bo sorry to dony this ; but nono of tlio pooplo from Bourko and around it, who visitod hero during tho Into sessions, knew of tho oxistonco of such a family. AVo think wo bavo protty clearly shown that Mr. Murphy, in his narrativo, paid littlo hood lo tho Shaksporonn tulvico "Notliing extoiiiintc nor sot down aught in malioo." AVo regrot as much as any ono bis wrongful arrest; but such things will happon. That tboy do occur is tbo fault of nobody in par ticular. Robertson Testimonial. — Tbo mooting of tho frionds and supportors of Mr. Robertson, which was to havo boon held at tbo Criterion Hotul on AArodnosday ovonitig last, did not conio to a suc cessful issuo. — Burranyony Argus. Tun Defeat of the Salesmen.— Tbo Molbonrno butchers bold a meeting early on tbo morning of tho 6th inst., at tho market yards, Floiniimton. There wore from sixty to seventy present. Tbo mooting rosolved to insist upon tbo usual term oi unrcy-ono nays' credit;. Mr. Jiaiutnond would not yield, and tbo result was that bis cattle realised about 25s. per bond loss than tboy otherwise would havo realised. Dalmahoy Campbell and Co., who had not attorn ptod to make any cliango, woro fortunato enough to ronliso for thoir cattlo a nmcli higher prico than tboy would under ordinary circumstances have realised. Bol'oro tbo conclusion of tbo salo of cattlo, Mr. Dougherty mounted tho fonco, and intimated Ilia intention of soiling in tho old wnyj' and a fow minutes afcor tbo olhor salesmen yielded. Mr. Hammond must have realised over £100 loss than bo would have dono undor tbo old system. — Daily Telegraph. 1 Gunning Police Comer.— Wednesday, Aputl, 6\. — Bof'oro tbo Polico Magistrate of Goulburn nnd II. Saxby, Esq.— Edward Pursohouso v. Stophon Brown. Illogal detention of a horso. Complainant bad bought tho animal' from Mr. Line, of Gunning, who bad purchased hor nt a pound salo ; she got out of tbo paddock ; did not know how ; found lior in possossion of defendant, who claimed her, and rofuscd. to givo hor up.— E. Lino doposod thnt ho bought tbo maro at a pound salo. — Dofondant doposod: llo brod tbo maro; had rocoivod no notice of impounding, Ac. ; found hor advortisod in tiio Gazelle. Tbo bench considered tbo brand oxcocdingly illegible, and that tbo description of tbo poundkoopor had boon as accurato as it could bo. Tboy mndo nil order for tho dolivory of tho maro within two days, and assessed tho value at £5.— Turner (sheep inspector) v. Patrick Foley, fuiling to ro- wirn and rogistor sheep, rioa, guilty. Mr. Tumor only asked n nominal penalty. Fined 5s., and 9s. Gd. costs.— Samo v. Tlios. Patterson. Broach of samo Act. Pica, guilty. Finod 2s. fid., and 9s. Cd. costs.— Samo v. Jolm Johnson. — Broach of samo Act.— l'loa, guilty. Fiuod, 2s. Gd., and 9s. Gd. costs. The Roads in the Buaidwood District. Tho Dispatch says despondently :— Traffic of all kinds is now almost entirely suspondod from tho horrible stato of tho roads. Minor roads in ail directions aro bad enough, but tboy are notliiii" to ho compared to tho Goulburn road, tho lii'di" way of tho metropolis. It is impossiblo lor teams to travel between hero and Boro, and our millers aro mainly dependent on this rond for receiving thoir snpplios of whont. A mail coach is supposed to travel daily upon it nlso, although in tho prosont condition wo may consider our selves lucky if wo manago to got two mails a week. Botwoon Boro and Goiilburn tho con dition of tho roads is not a whit hotter. From Tarrago to Goulburn it is a perfect slough, in addition to which thoro are soino tumblo'down old bridges and causeways, which can only bo orossod at tbo utmost peril to lifo and limb. The Cost of Criminal Trials.— Tho pre liminary cxponsos attondant upon setidiii" our criminals to comfortable hoard and lodging with labour sufiiciont to koop digostion porfoot 'with out distrossing thorn, is given in a parliamentary roturn of trials and committals in tho Rivcrincs district, movod for by Mr. Pholps. AVo will tako samplos from tho list, liamoly, the trials thnt havo taken placo at Domliquin and Monindoe, wo find that 23 trials cost tho country £820 10s. Gd at tho f'ornior pluco, mul 4 trials £2S9 10s. 2d. at tho lnttor. Tho highest figure is £140 14s. 8d. for stealing money. A murdor cuso cost £78 5s' lOd ; forgery seoms tho choapost artiolo of pro secution, boing dono us low as £7 10s. Larceny in tho aggrogato, is pretty donr, as wo find from cusos costing tho Government rospoctivolv £61 13s. 10d., £7G Gs. Gd., £72 lis. 2d., and £78 18s rV-n o ,7 disPsod oi' a medium of £o0. — ,5. M. Ilcrald. Bazaar and Bruce Auction at Young —Tho Roman Catholics at Young and Murrumburrnb being desirous of clearing off tho nrospnf liabilities of tho Roman Catholic Churches in thoso loonjitios, intond holding a bazaar, Bruce auction, and concert nt Young, in tho month of May next. — Burrowa Advocate. The Grenfell Mines.— From tho letter of a correspondent to tho Town ami Country Journal wo extract tho following :— Tho Quondong Gullv load is somewhere about throo miles Ion-' prineipaHy leased from ono to ton noros ; dentil of sinking, 150 to 200 odd foot ; avera"o width of load, twoiity-fivc foot; depth of wash-dirt carrying go d, from ono foot to oightocn inches yield of gold will averago about 8 dwts. per load oi 21 cwt. Stewart' 8 Gully, rimninsr nonrlv parallel with the Quondong, and forms a junction mid-wny. The depth of sinking, uvorago width of load, depth of wash, and yield of gold, is similar to tho Quondong — Tho Two-mile load runs more easterly and wostorly than oithor Quondong or Stownrt's Gully, and has boon oponed somo threo months ago. Tho lead is upwards of throo milos long; depth ofsinl-inrr 130 to 200 ft; wklth of lcadff,'oig,rto ninoftof'; and avorago depth of wash, twolvo inches ; tho average yield f gold, fiyo to six dwts. per load. nil (M ianSn- f 18 Il0fc Pilyuljlo Muny fiats and gullies havo boon prospected with little i en no succoss. Tho loasos ou tho Quondoti" und Stewart s gulhos will givo on tho avcruo wagos from 40s. to 45s. por wook. Thoro nro a fow of tho crack loasos which will probnhlv givo tho sharoboldors £8 to £10 por wook thoso lorm a goncral oxcoption. Tho Two-milo throughout, on an average, will givo 30s. por man. II tho supply of wutor should bo con- waTbod 16 13 Pssibl that 35s' P01' wook may bo Wheels within Wheels.— A Sydney corros- tn It hT Jill' 1 3 :_TlS K!Ul!' mld with kw much w- Iff A JL01"? niy roi.ldors t0 find that fan Alfiod Stophon is about to rotiro from tho boneh, nnd hvo m his nioo villa at Darling Point on tho ponsion provided by a grateful nation His successor w.fl bo Sir AVilliam Manning, and Bullmf T?y Th -hip -wiU thon fldl t0 Mi'. ButloR. If such things- como to pass— and stranger things have como to pass— tho lifo purpose of fan- Jumos Martin will bo blighted, All know thnt tho lenrnod knight hns had Iho chiefs seat in his mind's oyo for many yours, and ho hopod, by tho turn of clinucos, to bo in ofiico when tho wished for retiromont took plneo. But, if tho story I havo just given ns it was givon to mo ho correct, Sir Jumos Martin will ho woefully disappointed; and thoro will also ho somo changos in tho aspect of things political. All tho rousons thon for tho morganatic ullinnco with I'arkos will bo takon away, and tho chuueos nro that Sir Jnmcs will oithor form a now. party, or support Cowper I This, you will say, is tolorahly prospective talk. AVclI, so it is, my doar sinful brothors, and sisters ; but strange things do linppon in Now Baratnriu, aud light prophecies aro oftontimos fulfilled. Young Police Court.— April. -5. Braddon v. Kelly — Absenting from hired scrvico. Mr. Froo- stono for compluinnnt ; Mr. Gordon for dofondant Complainant stated : I am ovorsoor for Mrs. AVilding nt Back Crook ; I hired dofondant on 1 lth March, as shepherd, for a period of three months, nt £30 pel" annum ; tho agreement wus a verbal ono ; ho took tho shocp on 11th March ; ho loft his omployniont on 26th March ; ho said ho could not miiul tho sheep ; I told him if ho loft tho shcop bol'oro his time was up ho would got no wagos for wlint ho luid dono ; I asked him to stop, but ho said ho would not ; ho has not lioon nouv tho station sinco tho day ho loft. To Mr. Gordon: Thrco days after dofondant entered tho employ ho said ho would not stop ; lie after wards agreed to stop and try again; I gave him a flock of 810 shcop ; tho sun was about nil hour high whon dofondant gave up tho shcop ; I never wont to tako delivery of tho sheep from dofond ant. To tho bench : Defendant said tho froo soloctors woro hunting him ; ho had plenty of run for his sheep. Dofondant oxamiuod stated : 1 ogrocd with complainant to shepherd a llook of shocp nt £30 por milium; thoro was no tinio .specified ; I could not shephord because tho froo selectors huntod mo; one man said I wns on his four acros of ground, another said I was on his pre-omptivo right, another said I was on his selection ; I was novor huntod so much in my life. Mr. Gordon bore submitted that tho caso was a most paltry ono, tho chargo hnd only boon trumped up after dofondant hnd applied for his wngos. Mr. Frcostono though thnt, in a .caso liko tho present, tho hardship of tho omploycr was tlio grcator; servants should not leave ho- causo of a squabble. Tho caso wns one of a clear breach of agreement. Thoro being anothor caso ugninst tlio samo dofondant for negligently losing sheep, his worship preferred to hoar it boforo dociding. Tlio samo complninant stntod : AVlion I hired dofondant I gavo 810 shocp into liis chargo ; tboy woro conntod ovor to him ; whon ho gavo them up thoro woro scvon short; two havo sinco boon picked up ; tho sheop lost woro inaidoii owes, and woro worth about 4s. Gd. onoli ; dofondant said ho would go and look for thorn ; tho run is a good ono ; thoro nro somo liolos about it, but tho shepho d can avoid thorn ; do fondant hnd told mo that n dog had rushed tho shcop ; somo of tlio shcop woro bitton ; a shep herd runs somo risk in crossing tho crook; I told defendant if ho lost n shcop or two thoro would lio nothing said ubout it. llis worship being of opinion, with regard to tbo first caso, thnt complainant could not huvo folt much aggrieved, as lie did not at onco prooood against dolendant for desertion, dismissed tho caso. In tho second a verdict was givon for complainant for £1 2s. Gd., with costs of court. — April 0. — Larcony. — John AVullaco was charged with steal ing a bottlo of bruudy, tho property of Mr. Bumps, of Cootainimdra. Sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment ill Ynss gaol. Tho samo prisoner was thon charged with stoaling a waterproof coat, tho property of Mr. Barnes. Remanded for a wook. — Abridged from Burranyony Argus. Power Again. — AVo understand that tlio irroprossiblo Powor has again turnod up, niul that this foolhardy bushranger, hud actually tlio iinpndcncc to call tho other day in broad daylight, iti fact, about 110011, at Mrs. AAratt's hotel,' at Longwood, fronting tho main road, and not a stonu's throw from the local polico station, and that he coolly eat his dinnor, paid for it, and then niado oil". It is a -wonder that ho did not invito two or thrco of tho local polico to join him in a sumptuous food. That probably will ho his next move, and after all tlio money and goods ho has obtained latoly, ho could surely afford to act liborully, — Ovens Spectator. Accident. — An accidont hnppcncd on Thursday night last to souior-constablo C ihbons. It appears that ho is subjoct to attacks of dizziness. About eight o'clock in tho ovoning ho wns walking on duty down Main-stroot with constnblo Bulla, "and whon crossing tho littlo bridgo, ono of tho boforo montioncd attacks soizod him, causing him to loan for support against tho hand-rail, which gavo way, and ho was precipitated into- tho crook, a distance ofsovornl foot, falling on his bticlc and shoulders. Ho is, as maybe imagined, sovorely shaken and bruised, and will bo for a short timo incapacitated for attending to his duty. — Burranyony Argus. Hollow ay's Ointment and Pills. — For tlio euro of burns, scalds, wounds, and ulbors, this justly celebrated ointment stands unrivalled. Its balsamic virtuos, iiiimodiatoly on application, lull tbo pain and smarting, protect tlio oxposud nerves from tbo air, givo iotiio vessels tho vigour necessary to heal tlio sore, and confer oil tho blood a purity which pormits it only to lay clown healthy llosh in placo of that destroyed. IIollo- wny's pills simultaneously taken, much assist tho ointmont's purifying and soothing powor. To- gother, thoso romodios act liko a charm ; no invalid, after a fair trial, has found thorn fail to rolicvo his pain, or completely euro his diseaso." Tho combined action of tho ointment and pills, in all disorders, is too irresistible to bo with- 1 stood. j 