THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. First Day. The sixteenth annual Conference of the Aus tralasian W esl ey an Methodist Church commenced its sittings in Pirie-street Chapel, Adelaide, on Thursday morning, January 20, at 10 a.m. The President (Rev. W. L. Binks) opened the Con ference by announcing the hymn commencing "And are we yet alive," which having been sung, prayer was offered by the Rev. Messrs. Watkin and Rabone. The roll was called, and the President then rose and stated that by the vote of the last Conference the Rev. George Hurst had been nominated as President for 1870. That nomina tion had been confirmed, by the British Con ference. _ He then read the\minute in which the appointment had been made, and the para graph of the address of the British Conference referring to the appointment. Addressing the new President, he said—Mr. President Hurst, I now with pleasure lav down the office which I have held through the kind suffrages of my brethren, and retire from the chair to make room for you. I hand you the Conference seal with earnest prayer that the year of your presi dency maybe one of peace and prosperity. The President (the Rev. G. Hurst), on taking the chair, thanked the ex- President, and said—"My dear brethren- When, eleven years ago, I left the'British Conference and united myself to the Australasian, I little thought that I should ever occupy the very honorable and important position in which I this day have been placed by brethren in the rising Methodist Church in these flourishing colonies, and by those of the noble church in our fatherland, from which we are proud to have sprung and to be still connected, not only by doctrinal sentiment, ecclesiastical usages, and warm Christian affection, but also by con stitutional law. Just as the people in these beautiful colonies glory in their British descent, are deeply interested in Britain's honor and prosperity, and have no desire to sever their connection with the grand old country, with her noble institutions and glorious history; so we, as a Church, rejoice in our descent from Eng lish Methodism, are.deeply concerned in its purity and success, and, 'though in a distant sphere, desire to live and labor in intimate union with it. For the position in which my brethren have placed me I am conscious that I possess but few intellectual or even spiritual qualifications; and in order that I may discharge the duties of my office with any credit to myself and any profit to the Church, I am deeply con vinced that I shall need the assistance of God and your sympathy and help. But if firm belief in Wesleyan'doetrine, if cordial approval of Methodist ecclesiastical polity, if full con fidence in the admirable adaptation of the agencies of our Church to accomplish the pur poses for which the Church of God exists, and if fervent desire to see those agencies every where successful constitute any qualification for the distinguished positieh in which you have placed me, and will be any help in the discharge of its important duties in these re spects, I am as well qualified as most men. And it would be no credit" either to my head or my heart were I not. I was born in Methodism, and trained within its bosom. It was the Church of my ancestors, and my family have been connected with it from the time in was in troduced into "my native place to the present day. ' Some of its members have occupied honorable positions in 'it, and haYe-i'materxally assisted in its establishment and extension, and some, I am happy to say, now hold the highest offices which: Circuits can'give; so for me, I owe all I have and am to it.Its influence,over I me and all my interests have been beneficial in ! the highest degree. . In; early., life .its ministry deeply and permanently impressed my mind with the truth and supreme importance of spiritual and eternal things, though for a time I did not yield up my heart to Him that made me,_ but allowed it to' wander' in the pursuit of sinful pleasure.,. Thirty- six years since, however, when my late reverend and most, beloved brother Benjamin, who with the late Reverend Francis"'Tuckfield was'the first Wesleyan Missionary appointed to Port Phillip, in Victoria, preached his farewell-ser mon on leaving his home.to enter the Wesleyan Ministry in England, all my early impressions were revived and deepened, and soon after ^re ceived by faith in Christ a clear sense of recon ciliation with God, and the regeneration of my nature by the power of the Holy Ghost. How much I now owe arid' shall owe .for ever to that farewell sermon of my sainted "brother, whose influence led me to religion and (God, only eternity will tell. When I saw him leave his father's home for these shores, and when I fell upon his neck and kissed him, .little did I think that after the lapse of so J,many JyearsJI should follow him; and even less did I think J that, after he was removed to heavehjfromlthe chair of this Conference, I should have the honorj and the inexpressible pleasurei,of ex pressing my profound obligations to him. But my"'attachment to Methodism is not purely hereditary, but also the .result of intelligent conviction. I have brought its doctrines to the test of God's Word, examined its' polity in the! light of the general principles of Church govern ment taught in the Holy Scriptures, and com pared its agencies and efforts with thoBe of the Apostolic Church, and am satisfied that it holds ' the faith which was once delivered to the j saints,' and that it follows the practice which commanded the approval of inspired men. And ] to me it seems that my convictions are in ac-: cordance with another class of facts, which, I conceive, may be adduced in support of the substantial agreement' of; the . principles and agencies of Methodism with the teaching of the New Testament, and the usages of the primitive Church. Shall I say too much, employ the language of prejudice or of truth, when I affinn J that it has commanded the approval and blessing j of God everywhere? The youngest of .the Pro testant Churches in the British Empire, or in English-speaking nations, it, is. the,largest,.and the most successful. .During .ther 130 years of it3 existence it has built more Churches, erected more Sunday - schools, . converted, through the power of God,: more. souls,, and raised more numerous Societies than of the older Churches. In England, in the United States, and in the Dominion, of Canada, it has multiplied its adherents by many millions; while its missions in Central America, the.West Indies, the Continent v. of; Europe, the .East, Southern and . Western: Africa, India, Chiha, and Polynesia, are: among its highest glories, and the result-of its most, successful.labors. All these facts are evidences of true religious life, and of the existence of the presence and blessing of God in the Methodist Church.In this southern world God has been with'us,! and He has crowned our labors with a gratifying measure of, success. When I say that God has been with us and crowned our efforts with His blessing, I do not merely refer to the ministry, but to the whole Church, and to all its agencies. With you, I do not believe in any of the un scriptural and preposterous claims in behalf of the priesthood which, (in various Churches, are upheld in the present day; .and I am persuaded that neither you nor-; I are in any danger of. attempting to laud it over the Church of God. | Even our ministry is shared by our laity in two important particulars; and I rejoice that it so. Indeed, I regard this fact as one of the great glories of our Church; as one of the.great] elements of its strength; and.as one of1 the 1 great causes of its success. From the begin ning the Methodist Church has been the great patron and employer of lay agency; and I am fully satisfied it could not have been in any ] part of the world what it is this day, apart from the piety and labors of our leaders and local preachers. When other Churches are awakening to the importance of lay agency, it is not likely that we who have proved its value for more than a century shall undervalue it, or employ it less than has been our ; wont By the combination of ministerial -and lay agency in these colonies, not only have the foundations of a prosperous Church been daid, but the building is seen to be rising every where in somewhat massive and beautiful proportions. But the success'of the past should stimulate us to renewed;and even more vigorous-'exertions. While the ground- already reclaimed'.; would; re quire much effort and care;-there is a vast field before, us all but untouched. The masses of the peopie in all these colonies are far from God, regardless of spiritual religion, and un mindful of the beauties and advantages of virtuous life, and we owe it to God, to them, and j to ourselves to take our full share in their j evangelization. . Our agencies are well adapted to reach them, and they must'be faithfully em-, ployed. Wealth, and talent, and time must be sacredly devoted to that great work which God hasgivenJus|toJdo, andinthefull measure of bur duty. Both the talent and the time of'the Church may be zealously employed, but if they be separated from its wealth; to a great'extent their employment will fail the-Church-will never rise to the measure of her duty, and there fore never to the full measure of her sucoess, without a righteous consecration of the whole. In these new countries all the material ap pliances of the Church—chapels, parsonages, and schools—have to be raised from the foun dation in the wilderness, generally where the people are few and feeble, and their spiritual needs can never'be met unless Christian people give to God of their substance as He has pros-, pered them. Well would it be for these new countries, in all their interests, were' all-:the" wealth in the Methodist Church; which'ought to be devoted to the extension of religion,' and virtue, and happiness, sacredly consecrated to I this object. But in the. extension of our Church it wilL-ffieJ_weULjLf_;iwe_alwajs^ properly distinguish between mere Church life I and true spiritual life ;'and if wb'do not dili-' gently cultivate the'latter, Church life, a zeal| for the honor and aggrandisement of our com-, munity, might possibly enable us to fill these colonies with ecclesiastical buildings, and yet spiritual death reign in all our borders. Having I Church life we might be a corpse, beautifully decorated with flowers it is true, but hbthing_-! but a corpse. In that case, so far as the^salva- | tion of men is concerned—the one great purpose for which the Church of God exists—the. Me thodist Church might as well cease to be. With the extension of-our.--forms of religion let it be our one great object to spread its inner life and soul-saving, power. Let us ever I remember the words of1 bur founder, It | is your business to save souls.' That is the one great work of the Church of God in this world, and if we. ^il in..thatfit, will.l matter but little in what she may succeed.' ' Let' our ministry be directed * to'this one point, and let nothing for one moment divert qur attention from it. Let Christ and Him" qrucified, and all the meritorious blessings resulting from His sacrificial death, present and conscious pardon, regeneration by the Holy Spirit, adoption, the Spirit's direct witness to our spirits that we are the children of God, and'entire sanctification be the great themes on which we principally dwell. These were the'"great truths, applied by the Divine Spirit; which awoke from the dead the Church of God in the 18th century ; and these are the truths, thus applied, which v^ill keep it awake. The preaching of any other 'doctrine will utterly destroy its life, and reader itiutterly powerless for spiritual purposes. Methodism, | through the Divine blessing, has always been a converting power, and I; trust we Bhall take care that it shall never lose that power. Let us be more than ever true to bur ancient pur-: pose—'To spread Soripturai holiness through the land;' holiness ^founded in true religious experience, in the- sanctification of human nature by the Spirit of Go,d. The. Methqdist, ministry at all times and in all places should be experimental and practical, prompting in ward religious life and aU qthex external' godli nessr ~ It "sSoild be these' above all things butriot atfthe expense of all ;other ithinga. "These elements should be combinedwitlrevery other quaUfibajapn^vrhich catt<make(a suooessra ministry. The Methodist ministry should be as learned as it is-experimental-and practical learned in the general acceptation of that term, but .especially in eveiy. branch of.,divinif(yr I rejoice very much that both ministers andpeople are fully alive to the importance of this, and that in all these; colonies, .they have taken initiatory steps to give, the candidates for our ministry a suitable training for their important .work."' The, existence of Newington, Wesley, Prince' Alfred;; and Hortoii Colleges ^is a '.pis sing factj ^Cleatly.shoWinjg the;'de4ife!'of the Methodist people in all parts of this ' southern world' to promote* every branch'Both of secular and sacred learning. "For while these Colleges give to the young gentlemen of Methodism a sound commercial and classical education, they also "ehdeayor toTgive. tontha Tministiy,"or at least to a- portion' of it, a sound'theological training. But in the latter respect they are not all we desire-^they are [not'all that is'urjently needed, and I even [hope1 they are not all ft is possible, to, get. v I am. inclined to think that something; more adequate, to 'the needs J6i the Church, and more in accordance with its num bers, wealth, and respectability can yet be done. At any rate something more should be attempted' without any delay. - I hope for'much'from the colleges.as tKeyriow are; and so'I thirikshaeld thejwhole Churoh. We [shall all .be.'disap pointed if many of the young men who received a coihmercial and classical education In ^them do not ultimately enter -the Ministry and show in it the advantages of their early training. But it apjiears'tbmie that the colleges' alretwfk'ihVex* istence, will never fully meet the real wants of: the/Ministry, and that !-iths' Ohriroh should tdwsys ■ keep something .most perfect before it and endeavor to realise it. 1 should like to Bee—arid so would you all; ' l ie. lieve, because;we are satisfied: that. they are what we requirerT^ufficient funds to" gifle every , candidate for our r.ministry. a' suitablegraining, and-a separate collie, in every r colony' ia^jfhifih he shall receive "it ;'Vihc^.lhti^r^'(s^q9ff,r'W* cannot gefcat present, but f teHewpi.w/can pbtaimthe former. r Hitherto we; Kaye, Offtly been ; able,to give a very limited humber of candi dates any training at all in; the, college which exist, but we should without any furtner delay attempt to, raise sufficient funds'.to train the whole. I hope that this' Conference will direct that for this purpose, collections shall be; made in all our places of .worship, and that subscrip tions shall be solicited from all our more wealthy people.; /If the;Adelaide Conference;shall-do this, it will please the whole Church, arid will contribute in a vital point to its prosperity. There is one other point on which .1 hope the Conference will bear with hie while: £ say. a few words oil'foreign missions. .Any Chureh^'with out missions to the heathen would bbffir .below the true standard of "Christian'dutybut for any Methodist Church to be without them would.be a strange anomaly. 7.1,have'lflways thought that it - was' well /tbat'-;tbeLAh8tra lasiau.Church took the missions which^are under its' c&re; upon the terms stated iri 'theoriginal agreement; but it "would be better if . .we entirely supported them without any assistaaoe fromTEngland;,; I do not wish.'to.-affirm that I think I we'/Sre lr able to doithafcjat /pre -sentjibut-I do wish to ;:riay7 .that I earnestly hope we shall sustainAOrir missions with all the zeal and iliberality iwith which, they .ought. to, .b6 supported, and ..that we shall aim-at relmvirig the Ehglish-lMhufibnary. Society ,of any. .pecuniary,, obligation^ at. the earliest possiblri period, that "it may devote' its attention and strength'fo-other parts of the heathen world, where they are. much needed. I should -like 'to aee^ onr missions '"and-'Jmen altogether and flourishing entirely under our own,care,.and hope that the time isnoj^disient when it/mil be,so.' Having them.its'eem^tame to be birth the duty arid interest'of-tl&^Sgiole Church to be faithful to thein. Our Cburoh has always been essentially missionary, and. it. will be rip advantage to it in anyway to peimi^Jiuiy portionpf.^thib ^lbryto depart.; '.A^.wywil of •the rhissioriary spirit, I aril sure,' ^orild^revive us in everything. I do not say that the missionary spirit has declined airiong us, but that it wulbe no. disadvantage to us .were we'to reemve. an increase.of this good thing^andi that /I: devoutly pray that, ihe: whole Chjireh-jnayibe thus enriched. I hope that this.C.Prifereflfle.Will ba distinguished by. the presence arid blessing of God,'both in'its .deliberations , and public ser vices. I am sure we are all ^connected by a desire to promote his glory, and that all we say arid do will only be the expression pf that desire. ,Let our discussions be, marked, by;in telligence and" freedom,, faithfulness^ and brbtherly love; -Let allthat should Jbe!Bdid be said, .and nothing more, and said in such a way 'hs-'-v^'-.riot-ii^pceisrarily^^eye^toy ~4fika» Lastly, leP me have 'an -mterest^not only in your public, but also "private devotions, that I may! be1 but' a Ohrlstiffi'Jmah;u a - Christian minister, a Chris tiaff~"gentleman, as any rona !wT& presides over yoii bright to-beil'S7^ oY . The, address warlistened.to, with great iate test1 arid - satisfaction, 'and the1•President1'-©# 're suming his seat was loudly cheered. The Conference proceeded to .the election of Secretary, the result, being the .reappointment of the Key. i Bqoi amin Chapmim:bypy§ry large imajority. :;0* Ine ti mm" n afi jirnf tjT.n.iljciptsiJ the Bevs. C. H. (Goldsmith and H.zr4-BufgeM were appointed, i Assistant '.Secretaries. The Eev. J..G.MiUard;was choaeii iaa. pffioial letter writer. . ; ;i.,, ■ -■"ml ,r-l The Bey. J. Biokfoed ; then.; ipo'ridj and the Eev. H. Gaud seconded— "That the cordial thanks of ,the; Conference be presented to the Eev. William L. Binks for the able qn,d highly satisfactory manner in whioh he has performed the-dnties of the Presidenoy duripg-the.past year.v7i;j; JOT This was unanimously adopted. The vEx-PaEaprNT,; in jreply,; said; he r was much obliged to the ..brethren. He felt muoh indebted-to them-for the kindness and for bearance they. had: shown" ;him, u*drfor ,the valuable help they-had given him in all the important ; matters which had pome befotetho Conference. .& Thp past year had been an event ful, and in some respects a painful one. Thev ha$.{)qen' overtaken with oalamities^in vrhicn some of their brethren' hadriallen. under the . hand of violence; but' he' thariked God'for'the ; comfort and support he had received" ~j9ephad 'dorip his'besti^ Applause.) ' ;He movpcl-^ , ' '^Thafihe thanks of the Ppriferenoe heaven tb.the.Eev;1 B. Chapman forhhi; very eflhdeut services a? Secretary during the past '^erir.'*;1; ;v> T^ya.ss-®pnded by the fibv; ;J; .S' WlTOH, 'iirid Parried rineriimously. ' 1 - The'SiOBETilBY read the reply of-thp.;British Conference tp .the address of last yeSj^ajail'the Eevs,. Wiffi;arid' Curnow weire^;<Hi^ted3p.pr« pare the address for the pre^rityeaci "" ,_Vr The hours of meeting were'flxed' as foftows: —Mormng, from, half^paat 9.-tojk quarter before 1; aflSfnP6ri7ffbm''a quaiteripast^ to 5. . ,-Tte0minutes£offthe.Histii^;,mre9tingSi were handed in by the Chairman. [.Amcmprial from theSouth 'AustralianTeiU" perance.League.in j^ference to "the Total Absti nence question was presented. The Official Letter^Yjiter was direoted; to prepare a mply. "Afl2 b'olocfc the doors were .thrown to the public, ari'd'thd' CojD&rehcb; p^yerrmeeting commenced. There ^wM7a'da^e?4¥uridaaoe. Prayer was offered' sriccesaiveiy bWthp Bevs. • B. Chapman, J. Bickford," J.S'Bl, Wateb- W. A. Quick, J. WatHh^A^Eii^fan^W.^do ThhriftbmPbriise'ssiori',i^ftevbfed^| to the questions.—'f.Whq ure receivpArinto" fu connectibri ''&iT-; ihis' Corifesreri'ce ? ""dad" " Who remain on trial ? '^'Iri7reply to which the case of'each probationer oahie"under separate con sideratioru ' •v.,.: -- rj. :■ no 