|kal sub §tiifial IJrlus. Mr. George Clark, at the request of a largo 1 number of his supporters, has consented to I become ft candidate for the representation of tills town, He is away in New South Wales at preecut on very important business, hut be bns been communicated with, aud has coo | seiitml to stand ehoutd his old friends doMic it. Acting upon this decision, a committee has i been fonmd, And have- communicftied frith liim further regarding his views tin the princi pal p diiic&l; topics of tliU most important period* and as soon as these are received the committee will take the earliest opportunity of letting his friends know them, and personalty canvaxsing the electorate. We understand that the case of Wildash v. Brosnan will he sent to the l'riry Council fur | final decision. The new building of St, Mark** Church is , now completed, and St will be seen by adver tisement that it will be opened for publio wor ship on Thursday, the 11th August n«kt. The Bishop will officiate at the opening service, and it is arranged that a deputation wait un Hid Excellency ihe Governor and request his prcfteuce on the occasion Tiiere are several things pertaining to the fittings of the church yet to he obtained, such as seats, communion rails, lamp*, &c.;, but a subscription list has been set on foot by Mr. Gumming to raise auf. ficient funds for tno purchase of these, and we arc glad to learn it has been heartily responded to. We are gratified to learn that the pamphlet entitled " Facie and Figures No. 2." issued from ihlR office ft few days iig-i, has been i received so well by the public. Not only lias nearly ihe whole of the first edition been 1 buuglit up, hut we have received an order for a second edition of 2000 copies in order, as I the letter states " that they may be sent home I and distributed in Ktigland, and show to the | Htulesmon in the old country how the colony i of Queensland has anffereii by the cxtrava j gance and wild *chemc* of Rome or the 4»oli ticiuns who have been in power.*' We can I only thank the public for their support. Tiic Committee meeting of the Warwick ' Hospital was held on Wednesday last, when there wore prcsent-jThe President, Dr. | lulls lie idley, Mr. 0. F. Gumming, J. Oxen ! ham, and the Secretary. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and con firmed after which a letter was read from the Colonial Treasurer mjuerting that a list of I subscriptions should be sent to the Treasury ! before the eudowmcnt could be forwarded. The wardsman'fl report was «b follows; Halea Females Total Remaining at last mcellng... 31 I ».,».» 19 Admitted since ... ... i 1 ...... 6. If Discharged « S 0 1 BemaJnlog In hospital .» 19 2 IS The Visiting Committee reported the condi tion (if the hospital as satisfactory i buttbey drew attention to the ereat discomfort aris ing from the amoky state of the chimney io the large ward, and I hoy requested that the attention of tlie arcliitect should be drawn to llie matter. Offere for supplying medicines to the huspit?! were received from Mr. Ward and 5. Berkuly, both of Brisbane, when, on tno motion of the President, seconded by Mr. Gumming, Mr. Ward's lender was Accepted. An account from H. Willi ami, amounting to £6 12s, far making linen press, destc, &c.;, was found correct and passed for payment. Dr. Balle-Beadley gave nuiice of a motion to be brought forward at the next mooting, to the effect that the Com mittee in future hold their metslfugs at the Town iinii. Messrs. Cummings, Oxenham, and the Secretary were appointed Visiting Committee for August, after which the meet ing terminated. The Royal Agricultural Show will take place at Toowoomba on Wednesday next, and notwithstanding that public attention is just now occupied by electioneering matters, there is every likelihood of tlie exhibition being a good one. The entries, we under stand, are fully up to the average number, and the prises offered Tor farm and agricul tural produce have been well responded to. We would remind those parties who intend sending exhibits from this district lo the Show that waggons will start fur the Rail way Station from the yards of the Ellinlborp Mills this morning at ten o'clock, up to which hour articles trill be received. Messrs. Wildash and Lester have provided the Wag gons which will convey the goods to the! Ksilway Station, and from thence they will j be also conveyed free of charge to Toowoom-i ba, and will also be brought back tlie same j way free. Should the areather be fine we ] believe the cheap trains will take a large number of visitors from this district. I Arrangements are ia progress for re-ad justing the tariff for telegraphic messages | within the colony as a first step, and ulti mately fur message, to the adjoining colo nies. We are not in a position to give the proposed new scale of charges for messages within the colony, hut may state that (hey will be fixed on the principle of dividing the colony into three portions, namely, Southern, Middle, and Northern. The price for the minimum message of ten words from Bris bane to any portion or the Southern divi sion will be half-a-crown ; to any part of the Middle division, three shillings and six pence ; and to any part of the Northern division, four shillings and sixpence. Another peculiarity will be that messages to the Northern division of the colony ex. ceeding ton words will be charged a penny per word for all words over the minimum. Courier. On Sunday lust an accident occur led li> u ni»*ii of the ua»ne <if Patrick Donovan, [ residing »i Gleugallan Swaniji, by which lie sufl'ered a severe fracture of the thigh Ij'Mie, b?*idcK bt'Vt rc iiijuricM to the arm. It appears Donovan wan till after Iwr*et, awl (lie animal lie was riding, on rcr.s.Mng a riiiue, became restive ami threw bis rider. lie was taken to Mr. Ili^int.' public house, at Hie Swamp, atnl tin! fractured limb was set by | Dr. Lee, under whose care we undeibtjud lie is mending. A challenge lias been Rent by Hie farmers of Spring Creek and Allora to the farmers in the Warwick district In inert them at a ploughing match. No prizes are stated, hut a good sum of money i».1 s been collected at Spring Creek, which if added to by a similar sum from tlii* district will allow of liberal prizes being offered. The rules upon which the match is to ho conducted are as follows : ]. JCtilratica money, ten shillings each. 2\. Ploughs to bo drawn by horses only. 3\. Quantity uf land to be ploughed, one acre. 4\. Time allowed, four hours. 5\. No assistance allowed in setting out. 6\. Depth and width of furrow 5 in. and 9 inch. 7\. Two ridges to be set out and Gnish ono furrow. 8\. Any ploughman not finishing by the time specified to be disqualified. 0\. No person to walk over the ploughed ground until after the judges hare given their decision. We hope the ploughmen in this district will take up the challenge, and prove that the good name already earned at the locai matches can he maintained when niatchcd ngniust oilier districts, On Monday evening last the vestry meel ini! of Si. Mark's Church was held. Hie Ven. Archdeacon ivas in the chair. From the Treasurer's statement it appeared that the sum of £80 was due to the Archdeacon on the 80th June; to meet this sunt there was a balance in band of £16 0s Id. There was a large number nf subscriptions which became due on the 1st July, and which it was expected could be collected during the following week. A long conversation took place on the opening of the new church, when it was resolved on the motion of Mr. ROES, seconded by Mr. Gumming, that the church be opened on Thursday, the lllli August next, and that n committee be ap pointed to m ike the necessary arrangements, such committee to consist of the Ven. Archdeacon Glennie, the churchwardens, and Messrs. Diivoney, Addeobn>uko, and the mover. Mr. Cumming moved Bnd Mr. Addenbrooke seconded, that a deputation should wait up<m His Excellency the Governor during his visit to Toowoombi, to ask him to atteud at the opening of the church. Tito motion was carried. Mr. Cummin; laid before the meeting a drawing of the altar rails, and stated that be had opened a subscription list to defray the ex pense nf this and the other fittings which would be required, and which had been heartily respunded to. The plan wan accepted, and it was tnuved by Mr. Gumming, seconded by Mr. Knsa, that tenders bo called far the erection of the altar rails according to the de sign laid before the meeting. A vary superior hngskin saddle with worked doeskin se^t, Is now on view at Mr, Kluge's eliop. and will be raffled for this evening at eight o'clock, at the Do mis Hotel. It is finished in a first-class style and is well worthy of inspection.-[ ADVT] The Attorney-Genera! and Mr. Handy passed through Toowoomba ou Saturday last, en route to the Mitchell. We ate pleased to learn that llie (armors residing in and around the thriving little sottlemcnt of Spring Creek liavecoiitributud the sum of £G0 towards the erection of n Primary ijchonl near Mr. Gillam'R hotel. We understand that tenders for the building will be invited in the course of a few days. The trial of Herrlidi for the murder of Michael Elien was concluded on Wednes. day, when a Verdict of manslaughter was returned, and lie was sentenced to fifteen years' penal servitude. Kahler, who was arraigned hb an accessory after tbe fact, was acquitted. Referring to the Ipswich and West More ton election, the correspondent of the Courier sayeOf political news there is any amount stirring, consequent upon the receipt of Mr. Pring's addrean to the electors of this constituency. It is reported that in connection with him it is more than pro bable that both Mr. Macalister aud Mr. O'Sullivan will be brought out, as the former is not so likely to meet with the easy walk over for Eastern Downs that be has so fondly anticipated, Mr. Davenport haviug expressed his firm determination of coming forward himself. Mr. O'Sullivau had declared him self in favor of the Opposition, and strenu ous exertions wftl be made to induce him to come forward, ao that an opposition bunch may be formed which some conceive will' prove to be a very formidable one. It is also currently reported here that Mr J. P. Bell has withdrawn from Dalby in favor of Mr. Blake, and that lie intends to stand for West Moretou ib conjunction with Mr. Francis, and possibly Mr. O'Sullivan, should lie atand nod be defeated for the town. There seems every probability that the three late members fur West Moreton will be again brought forward by (he Ministerial parly, it being difficult to find any new man to fill any of tbeir places. Pabmamsntabt RaCEB.-A series of amusing articles is appearing in the Queens land Timet, under the above heading, in which the candidates for the varioul consti tuencies are reviewed in true racing stylo. We extract tbe following 'regarding the Toowoomba candidates t-For the Drayton and Toowoomba Purse there is every proba bility of en exciting contest, there being two horses already in the field, Mr. Groom's " Protectionist'" .and Mr. Taylor's " King Jimmy." The former, the winner of tbe same event on many previous occasions, is by Plausibility out ot Oily Gammon. Be is a horse of a f*ir tarn of speed, but rather hard in the mouth, and has acqnired a habit of bolting, although when he does take it into his head to run-straight-which, forlhc sake of his backers, is unfortunately but seldom-he bIIOWB bimielf to be mors thau an average performer. His former owuer adopted the system of blindfolding him before bringing him oo to the course, and those now running him pursue the same course, first coaxing him witb a Toowoomba cabbage or a bunch of carrots, of which he is said to be very fond. He is one of those horses, however, upon which no reliaucecan be placed, aod his party are not backing him very heavily, being afraid that bis opponent has too much bottom for him. " King Jimmy," by Joe Hume's Ghost nut of Cala bash, has certainly neither breeding nor ap pearanoe to recommeud him, although there can be no mistake about bis staying powers'. He is a very old hand on the Queensland turf, being one of the first horses that the colony prodnoed. Like Oratory, lie carries a largo amount of beef, and i pity the lad who lias tbe strapping of him. There is one good trait about him, how ever, and that is that you cnu always depend upon his mooing straight in his owner's interest. He has to be kept con stantly muscled or be would eat his own clothing. Since the commencement of his c«re<T Lis owner lias mado s poort d^al not j <>f him, afi he is (lie sort of fiMimalHiat can he ywed f>>r various purposes. ISvep as a draught horse he is useful, And camJofieavy work, wliilnt as a hack he id well op' to weight, nm) wilt tstand a Jong journey if baited often uud not overridden. He it the favorite for the uveiit-»not that lie would have A Mihw Re regards fool with his anta | sunist, but because of hie staying qualities and the likelihood of Protectionist bolting. A brown trout, weighing 10 lbs, has been caught in Tasmania. The address of Mr. Thompson to the electors of Ipswich, as to its manner and form, i6 free fr»ji) all thofe objections uM< h the friends, an well as or oiore thau the foes of (he Government, regret t«> sec in the inanifeHimtB of his colleA^uea. There U here no foaming at the mouth, no fury, no dj^usl, 110 nstouibhineut, no melodrama. It it> ilic productiou of A man used to in«, who can give and take hard knocks with equal L'ood humor, who knows butter than to prefer noise to hitting, than to let his opponents know Umt he U hurt, or is very much alarmed about the result of the tussle, fn consequence, t hip address is of course much belter calculated to serve the Ministerial cituse than is either of those we have passed io review, and demands a more thorough examination And aoswer. It moreover proves-io addition to the inielli. cent, painstaking care of it* author io roi*u. aging his departmental busincHs--how wise was the appointment of Mr.. Thompson. to the position lie holds, and how just was ihe annoyance of the Opposition at liis rapid elevation. 