RIVERINE INTS&I.IGBNCB.; DEKILKIU;* PASTORAL ASSOOFAFFPS.—We believe that this inject wtlj bp further proceeded with on the $th February nt Peqiliquin, when a number of tfcp sauattprs from ffie fttorirt rueet to appoint direptgr* of tfafi Jopa} scab (>natd. From information . which w» have gathered, we learn that the Hay PaktOral Show Assoclat/o^ have 00 objection to amalgamate with the fcceiWy formed society at Deniliqum, provided the next ^ M . heW »* 9" ^® other hand, Cotothi A^iety-wejefer to_ the opinion* of individual litfnihers thereof—think that Deniliquin should have V.ne ?npw as an experiment, in order to,see what aulocnt of strenpn. Deniliquin possesses in this re«pebt. befor; ajp'^fc. gamation with.. Corowa U sought. • If lo«l jealousies could be placed in abeyance, a really effective and powerful " society could be furhiift.' We have assurance?, ^' think reliable, that' those gentleman whif .'have' hitherto patronised the shows alteady lieM, - Will also send exhibits to Deniliquin, which will be a: great way towards smoothing down any little-asperities.. which .nuy have arisen in connection with thi| affair. We hope to see moderate opinions prevail, as the matter is of a kind requiring careful treatment to guide it successfully through. CoanwA Snow.—We call attention to a meeting to be held next week on this-subject. We hear that it i* intended at the next show to have exhibits of wools. RMEWAL or SQUATKK'S LEASES.—'This matter is occupying the attention of- the- Crown tenants. Under the 15th clause of Robertson's Land Act nearly all the Crow.n tenants,, under eertain conditions, apply for renewals of their leases, and as a large number of them fall due this year, it is neceasaiy that those who desire renewals should seek them WithinJthe first'three months of 1870. Meetings' of Crown tenants have been held in Sydney and Melbourne with the view of having tliejr opinion's on this clause, and aathe interestt are-'^ diverse','ttfany of the runs in regard to r$ntftl,b«ing, far j^yer-valued, and some being; moderately appraised, each Crown tenant will have to look closely into his position. 'It is next* to;impossible that any combined action eould fte' taken herein without incurring a good deal of risk -of re-opeiiing the land que tion—a step just rfow; in Parliament, which ought to be avoided, if possible, because to do. so wou)d be to play 'irito the hands of tbe Opposition in Parliament. : Where the Crown tenant is not seriously 'affected, either by encroachments on' his rentedirun-by conditional purchasers, or by excessive-rental, it would be good policy not to seek the interference of the Government. Of course, when h'e is half ruined,' a* many of thetn are in the more fettled districts by encroachments from the selector class, and where a readjustment of the rental is thus rendered indispensable, tbe Crown tenant 19 in a position to appeal to the Government for relief, and we hope with strong confidence in the justness of the Executive. -We trust, now that Mr. Cowper has returned to power, "thai he has lost a good deal of antipathy'to the squatters as a class which he evinced some years ago, when he was powerful, as a Minister. Tift not because the Crown tenants are not opposing the existing Land Act and do not publicly express tbeir dissent from some of it* provisions 1 irhicli bear so heavilyon them that tbey are necessarily content with the law, but hecauee, in the language of our greatest bard, tl»ey say— 'Til brttrr to brar*the ill* *» have Than flr to other* whieh.-w* tnow ant of. Some thousands of settlers have invested their all in pastoral pursuits here, relying on the justice and wisdom of the LegisJntnre that tbe Crown tenants should not be harshly dealt by, or that their interests should not be tnineeessarily damaged, in reply to popular clamour or in \- order to support any man or set of men in power. We should then prefer to let tbe land law remain as it is, rather than risk rts hemg remodelled or altered in its main provisions. We hear that Mr. Robertson and Mr. Cowper are not desirous of re- opening the subject, and the fact of their not wishing to tamper with the Land Act is evinced by there being no allusion to it m theviceregal speech intheopeningof Parliamennt. That the leaders of the Opposition in Parliamet will endeavour to make some hostile attempt at damaging the pastoral interest, as it i9, cannot be doubted, and of course we shall have to oppose tliem. Mr. Parkes has always.been, hostile to tbe interest, politically and tmcially, though Sir •Tames Martin has no ill feeling towards tbe squatters—but, to regain office, who can doubt that both of these political leaders would act in u:iison on any subject? The matter reqwes a c.treful consideration on the^-jiart of the C&own;' tenants. Those- who desire renewals of their leases on the present assessment should apply forthwith to tne Government; those who want their runs to be re-assessed will have to take action carefully, as we have, stated; but it would be unwise to complain and appeal without very strong grounds indeed. Eticcrtoir MERTIKG.—A meeting of the electors was held on Thursday evening.. the 3rd inst., at tbe Sportsmen's Arms;—Mr. Hooper in the chair. Mr. Rosenfeld gave as a reason for his candidature that he could not, with any propriety, reject the overtures of support made to him by so many gentlemen who signed hit requisition; further, as a convincing proof of the genuineness of this requisition many names ap- ; peared on the list ef perisons with-whom he had not even been on speaking terms for years. : Taking all these circumstances into his serious ; consideration, he felt it his bounden duty to ! meet the wishes of those gentlemen who signed I his requisition, and place his services at the dis- : posal of the ratepayers generally. If clected, i he was in favour of a " fair field and no favour," ' so that calls from the lowest to the highest ratej payer should receive the same treatment at his nands ; he was averse to " borrowing money" under any circumstances; was m favour of a moderate rate; was in favour of all economic measures. Mr. Rosenfeld was unanimously declared a fit and proper person to represent the ratepayers in the Council. After the close of Mr, A. Rosenfeld's meeting Mr. Johnson addressed the electors—Mr. Hunter, sen., in the chair. Mr. Johnson at some length stated his views; he considered a shilling rate a fair rate; was in favour of cutting down the expenses, so that, as a rule, the whole of the expenses shonld not exceed 25 per cent. On .the gross income; thought he could better explain his views by putting the motion in the form of a proposition: That supposing one hundred pounds were iu hand, seventy-five pounds of tn& one^ hundred should be spent in improving ^ rb^ways, and the remaining twenty-five in office work, super- Vision and general expen&s;\- ?llei thought the same misapplied equally to both municipal and commercial matters, that tbe expanses, should bear a relative proportion tb itbe income. He would like to see the towns commons placed on a sound satisfactory basis, more especially as great dissatisfaction baa arisen under exEsting'arrangements ; he was not acquainted with the. towns commons question^but if elected he would .do. all in his power to render it a useful- institution to the town. As to tenders, would; like to see tbe work let in small, lots, so that-1 tbe poor man would have the chance of -tendering, and thus avoid the necessity, of.Afidipg security on .thfe one hand, or compelled'^) deal: with ~thf large storekeeper on the other. He thought if the work was given in small tote, say not;to exceed £15 in value, the needy Worker would have a chance of dealing where he thonght proper. As to improvements, he most certainly , wauld support any measure for improving the footways, &c;, in the great centres'of business, so that 'those gentlemen daily engaged in commerce;, and the residents generally, could go to and from their busiwithout wading knee deep in mud. Was in favour of draining the lowlying lands, and forming footways of the earth taken out of the cuttings. Would recommend, as a rule, that the , watercourses shoudl follow natural levels, and no. further attempts made to make water to run uphill. Was against this system of blocking the water courses, and was afraid the rotten pine blocks weuld require replacing, every two or three years. For sanitary reasons, was in favour of keeping the water in the south lagoon at a high level, and in after years would like to tee the lagoon bridged, and the banks planted with trees. Mr. Johnson replied to several questions put to him by several of the ratepayers in a very satisfactory manner; on resuming his seat he was cheered most heartily, and was unanimously declared a fit and proper person to take a seat at the Council board. Mr. Lawrence Robertson addressed the meeting at some length, and promised to put the ratepayers in possession of his whole scheme for borrowing £2000 at the meeting of electors at Simpson's Hotel on Friday. Some fifty ratepayers were present at this north town gathering, and tbe whole affair went of in a " right merne manner." ROTAI. HOTEL.—The A. J. S. Bank, whe held a bill of sale over the furniture of this Hotel, have caused it to be-remnved to the vacant hotel lately occupied by Mr. Roberts. THE present number of Sydney Punch is adortted with a large coloufM Wftfffl. representing thelearling politicians under ihe similitude of % show. Dr. Lang is iftok\ng Qn benevolently, and is aup: poacid to remark^ to,Mr. ^-nnch—" Wonnerfu' weans, Maipter Pimch I wonntrftf weant!" The following liaea froiq funA are detcriytive:— THE POLITICAL BA&X; SHOW. BehoJA thu group of politicians keen, . Iq ijkurs'ry garb, each bint his babe to wean; Sere Cowper sits, and dandles public While Parkes looks on, W envy and disgvwt. Finance, sharp Samuetateks in vain to quiet, And Martin's Opposition babe kicks up a riot} Buchanan's changeling, too, is loudly squalling, y^nd Pidd. upon his misfiiug infant calling. * " My ancestor," bold Windeyer reverently guides, ~ And Forstar's Ceradotus newt, with sneer derides; \- ^tan seeks his chdrtning child to pott. While'JSiiCTV sings to sleep his infant ghost. And standing by. Robertson looks on, And chidas Tom h J a " Aweel," say* Lang,-his with kindness beams,— , „ " I eanna weel deny-they're winsOuie wen!?*. • The letter H. DENILIQUIN HOSPITAL.—Remaining last week, 12; admitted, 3; discharged, 2; died, 0; remaining in hospital. 13. WBSLETAH.—We hear that the Conference have appointed a minister for Deniliquin, and that he will positively be here about the 1st of April. # BKEEDINO TELLS.—A few days since two new arrivals reached Deniliquin in the shape of a short horned Durham bull and cow, evidently .imported from the " tight little island.'' They are, we learn, the property of Mr. Jenkins, of the Murrumbidgee, and were about being conveyed thither. The animals referred to were in themselves pictures, and were under the inspection of many a settler and commission agent, who mounted the wheel* of the waggons toliave a good and close view of the animals. ' We hear that they cost a large sum of money, something about £500 or £600—at all events they were to well cared for as to warrant sneh a sapposition—" Taurus " having an entire waggon to himself, and his mate another to herself, while the two were followed by a third laden with provender. It is undoubtedly a fact, whether with man or beast—breeding tells. MOULAMEI*, BALKAMALD, DABLIXO RIVER, &C;< —We have complaints before us from all these places that the paper, tince the late postal change, does not reach them as regularly as by the old system. In many instances, the paper of the ! 22nd of latt month only arrived on the 29th. j while the paper of that date was still missing. From all accounts, wc fear that the change will not prove! acceptable or advantageous. Eucnos Msmm-rOn Tuesday niglit Mr. Rosenfeld met the e&ctors; at the Brewer's Arms. About eighty persons were present, and the meeting w^ held in> the open air. Mr. Andrew was c&titd; to the chair. Mr. Rosenfeld, after addressing the' company in terms similar to what will be found reported in his speech at the nomination, was unanimously voted a fit and proper person to have, a seat in the Council. Mr. JoRtiston then spoke his views, and after some good-natured rallying hy some of the elector*, he also was unanimously voted a fit and proper candidate for alderman: ATTEMPTS AT SUICIDE.—Mr. Weller, a pub- lican, residing eight miles from Deniliquin, was brought into town on Saturday charged with having taken poison. While being brought to Court be broke away front the constable in charge, and ran into deep water to drown himself, but was brought out by Inspector Davidson. Weller, we hear, lias made several attempts in prison to-destroy himself. POLLIKGDAT.—On Saturday fthis day) electors will vote by ballot for two g( nU nen to fill the vacant offices of aldermen. NEW INSOLVENT.—Mr. John Taylor's estate is about to be. we hear, compulsorily sequestrated. This has been expected for a long time, so long that some people thought it would never come. Mr. Taylor's butchering business has been transferred to Mr. H. Mathewson. DINILMIUIK HOSPITAL.—The n«nnl monthly meeting of the committee took place on Wednesday, 2nd instant. Present—Mr. Waring (in the Cnair), the Rev. J. M. Ware, Messrs. Roth, Cameron, Mayne, and tbe Hon. Sec. The monthly aceonnts were passed and ordered to be paid. Two committees were appointed to bring up reports at the next meeting—the one as to the sheeting, &c..; and tbe other as to the other articles tendered for. Tbe tenders for fencing were also considered, bnt not decided upon. Tenders for the"usual sapplies for groceries, meat', provisions, ttc., were ordered to be advertised for; and after certain r»ntine-htisines3 was gone through, the committee adjourned. MA. WILI-IAM- HOWARD RUSSELL'S DIAKT in the East during the tour of the Prince and Princess of Wales thus describes' a celebrated Armenian gentleman, who resides in Cairo and is known by the title of Hekekan Bey:—" Formerly in the service of the Viceroy, he has retired in his old age, yet green and vigorous, to pursue his researches after the mystic meaning of the old Egyptian monuments, and to cultivate his critical faculties in the pursuit of the trne character of civilisation, the religious philosophical, and metaphisical formuls of which w many traces lie around him in the land of his adoption. One of the old regime, he is not, perhaps, so favourably impressed wi$ the somewhat violent efforts of the Government to civilise the Egyptians of to-day as he might be. A Christian, and a free mason, and a mathematician, he is a profound lieliever in the immense extent and profundity of ancicnt Egyptian knowledge. To hear him speak, one would believe that in astronomy the Egyptians of the time of Plmroah were, at least, as well versed as the Astronomer Royal. His conversation was to us all singularly interesting, instructive, and novel. Speaking English with the greatest purity and ease (and, indeed, what language does he not speak?), the graceful old Armenian wa9 wont to sit for hours telling us of adventures amongst the Arabs of the desert when he was out surveying for the Government in times gone by, or propounding with the utmost animation his astounding theories concerning the nature of Egyptian monuments, to which he attributed the deepest significance, to he understood only by the instructed." The following is Mr. Russell's description of what the party saw at Karnak, and of the effect produced on his own mind hy the solemn grandeur of the ruins:—"They are the only works of human hands, which I know of, that produce tbe effect of awe. The immense antiquity of what we see affects us only in relation to that fact— any stone at our feet is older by countless ages. But our fellow men hewed these blocks, anil built them up. and drew those figures, and cut those blocks in the nonage of the world. There is a godlike grandeur in the labours of these poor, nameless multitudes. Time has cast over them the shadow of eternity. What lies before us seems superhuman; but only because no human creature now can wield the power to which these owe their creation. ' What this must have been 1'—that is the thought which fills the breast with something like veneration as we walk, down what was once the Avenue of Sphinxes, now a rough, broad patch in the desert sand, covered with stones, sand, fragments of slabs, flints, and lined formerly by a border of gigantic sphinxes at short distances, of which not one remains complete -where sphinxes bad the heads of rams, the necks and busts of women, and the arms and claws of a lion." EXPLOSION or A SODAWATBB MACHIKE.—Says the Kapnnda Herald:—" Beware, they are very dangerous! No doubt they are very nice things to have in your home to make a pleasant drink, but should you chance to put too much pressure on them they may explode and do considerable damage. We allude to the new family sodawater machine. Monday last was (as most of our Mondays have been of late) a very hot day, a well-known commercial gentleman was making a glass of soda water at the residence of one of our townsmen who rejoices in the possession of one of these apparatus, when the whole affair exploded, the glass shivering into a thousand fragments, completely tearing asunder the wire guard in which it was enclosed. Fortunately no great damage was done, but those in the room encountered a risk which was more sensational than pleasant." A YOUNG WIFE WELT. MATCHED.—Samuel Baldwin, a gentleman of Hampshire, had, by his will, in the year 1736, ordered that after his decease his body should be thrown into the sea beyond the Needles, which was accordingly complied with. On making inquiry into his motives for this singular disposal of his remains, it was discovered that he made it for the purpose of disappointing a young wife, who had frequently assured him by way of consolation, that she would dance upon his grave. 