MISCELLANEOUS. [From the European Mail-~\ Sxrrr CiiKWijfa.—From the fallowing it will be seen that the Totty is uot the only race th:it is addicted io this pleasant practioc :—The society at'the ladies of .Texas cannot bo the most attractive in existence, if a letter from a lady now residing iu that Stale is to ba believed. The writer asserts that, though tliero is as much passion iu Texas as anywhere else for display and dress, for tight lacing and pinching shoes, for good looks and Admiration, yet there is no real beauty to be found there. This, however, is not the fault of nature, slie is confident. She lias seen features and forms among Texan girls which in New England would make their possessors the admired of all admirers, but which in actual fact were nevertheless absolutely repulsive, so lifeless and expressionless were they. After long etudy of the question she has arrived at the conclusion that the cause of this repulsiveness is a vile practice to which every native Texan woman is enslaved—that of excessive snuff 'dipping.' Go where you will, she tolls us, this practice greets you. Young girls of 10 years of age make a broom of one end of a stick by chewing. This they dip into the family snuff-box, which is generally, it appears, of a capacious size, and then restore it to its place in one corner of the mouth. From this early age to the close of life, we are assured, there is no cessation of this pleasing practice. By it, this lady correspondent asserts, the skin is given, an unnatural color, the lips and mouth are injured, and the whole constitution of tho woman is undormined. Indulgence iu it is so universal that there is no attempt at concealment. Whoever may happen to be present, after each meal the women of the household repair to their ' dipping.* Nay, upon one occasion, she assures us, her host did not wait for the end of the feast, but sat at table eagerly chewing her old snuff-stick until the guest, unable to control lier disgust, had to retire without satisfying her Lunger." ALITE RTR A DEADHOCSE.—The San Francisco Alta California gives an account of the experience of a German who was supposed to have died in that city, and whose body was immediately removed and placed in the dead-house attached to the hospital in which he had been under treatment:—" The body was deposited in a case where two other bodies had already been placed, and between them. The cover was put on and the keeper of the dead-house retired for the night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of the most unearthly character was heard in the deadhouse. The keeper of the dead-house was sought after, but, being aware of what he was required to do, he sought concealment, preferring to let the ghosts fight it out among themselves rather than attempt to become peacemaker. When fit last he was prevailed upon to proceed to the dead-house and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, whose life had been a few hours previously pronounced extinct, and who had been dressed in the robes of the dead, stood before him. The keeper fainted outright, while the terrified German rushed headlong through the long halls and corridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as he went. Some more courageous than the rest caught and arrested him in his frantic career, but the .next instant the poor German fell on the floor in a fit. The physician was sent for, and restoratives used, by which he was restored to consciousness. How he felt when he returned to consciousness we give as he told it himself:—' Veil, ven I got sick and vas in bed that day the doctor came came to me and said I vas very sick. He vent avay, and after he vent I fell asleep. I knew nothing more till I voke in de night, and dere vas no light. I put out my hand, and I could get no bed-clothes, for I vas cold. I den put out my hand to von side to try for the bed-clothes, and, och, vat do you tiiik I got—vy a ded man! Dere he vos, cold enough sure. I roared mit all the power I had, and vas going avay by the other side, ven, sure, I put my hand on another. Then I roared, and called and cried out all I could, and ven I vas getting up, my head struck a board that was covering me. " Oh!" eaid I, " vot does this mean, vere am I ? Am I ded ?" and I roared and bawled, and threw off the cover and jumped about as if I vas mad. And I knocked at the door mid my hands and feet, but nobody would open it for me, and I thought I was ded myself. I was not ehure. I had the ded man's dress on me. At last the door opened, and ven I looked at the man vat opened it he fell down mid fear, and I ran till I vas caught. Then I fainted, and ven I come to myself I thought it vas a dream. But it is as true as I am here." LATEST FASHIOSTS.—-Many years ago, when a visit to Paris was the event of a lifetime, and Longchamps was considered a correct authority in all matters connected with the toilette, it was a comparatively easy task to answer the question, " What are the fashions for this season ?" But no, when Longchamps is a legend of the past, superseded by the racecourse in fie Bois de Boulogne, we look around us at the crowd of elegant costumes, each one differing from the other in some trifling detail, and are tempted to reply, u You may wear what you please, as long as you choose colors suitable to your complexion." We fear thai our fair readers would scarcely be satisfied with this advice, and will therefore describe a few of the most striking toilettes. First let us mention the new style of coiffure, which, it is said, will soon supersede the chignon. We allude to the catogan or club. Although the chignon is rapidly going out of fashion, the coiffure is more complicated than ever; the hair is generally worn in waved bandeaux in front, while curls of various lengths fall from the top of the head; but the newest style is the mtogmi, formed of loose plaits, and tied with a large bow of black or colored ribbon. We hail the downfall of the chignon with gratification, but we do not consider the catoqan a great improvement upon it. Now that the winter is over, and we may hope for warm weather, the airy little head-dress, consisting of a rose and two or three inches of lace, called by courtesy a bonnet, is to be replaced by the genuine article, with curtain, crown, and strings fastened under the chin. Such are the varieties! of fashion. The small voilettes are no longer worn, but largo square or pointed veils have taken their place. A favorite costume consists of a round skirt of pearl-grey China crape, with five flounces headed by ruchings of maroon satin, a short tunic to match, and bonnet of black lace and white roses. The round skirt is the most inconvenient of modern fashions ; it lacks the gracefulness of the train and the comfort of a short dress. The French name for it, rasferre, is most appropriate. Another dress, short enough to show a pair of pretty feet, is composed of gros-grain, with revers of bright blue, oasaque of the same material; a small Leghorn hat, with a long black lace veil and blue feather, completes this stylish costume. A companion dress is one of mauve-colored silk, with five plaited frills round the skirt; above each one is a fold of the same material, but of a darker shade. The bodice has a full plaited cosaque and wide sleeves. Hat of white Btraw, with bouquet of spring flowers. Another toilette is most elegant. A trained skirt of green-and-white striped satin, with a double-scolloped flounce, short Tipper skirt and jacket trimmed to correspond; duchess sleeves ornamented with satin ruchings, diamond bonnet of white tulle, with small green feathers. Green is the favorite color this season; even roses are made of that hue—a violation of nature against which we must protest. The use of poppies and wheat-ears at this season is also a broach of good taste; surely May supplies us with plenty of lovely flowers, without encroaching on those appropriate to August. Ball dresses are more profusely trimmed than ever; one recently sent from Paris to a lady of rank at our English Court was a chef 3,* tBUvre of white satin, tulle., and moss roses. As many as 16 flounces are now to bo seen on balldresses ; in fact, but few costumes are considered complete without one deep flounce or several small ones, DE. LivnroSTomE.—Her Majesty'S Government has determined to afford the means of relieving this great traveller by sending supplies to him at Ujiji from Zanzibar. HOGG'S SECRET CODE for letters or telegrams deserves notice for its originality, for it baffles all the ingenuity of the inquisitive, and is worthy the attention of correspondents working on the cypher system. LIABILITY OF HTTSBAOTJS.—A case was decided the other day at the Canterbury County Court which involves the ques-; tion of the supposed non-liability of aj husband for debts contracted by his wife subsequent to the publication by the former of a notice that he will not be responsible for the same. A Mr. Creed sued one Brown, a miller, for £5 odd, being for the maintenance of defendant's wife, who was daughter of the plaintiff. Brown and Miss Creed were married last year, and shortly afterward the husband discovered that his wife was running into debt for the necessaries of the household, although he handed her his weekly wages, amounting to 24s. After several quarrels and reconcilliations the parties separated, Brown having determined not to live any longer with his wife, who thereupon went to live with his father at Faversham. Brown inserted an advertisement in a local paper, stating that he whould not be responsible for any credit given to his wife. The claim made by the plaintiff was for board and lodging at the rate of 8s. per week, and for other necessaries supplied to defendant's wife. The Judge, in deciding the case, remarked that defendant had himself put away his wife, and there could be no putting away of a wife so as to relieve a husband from his liability to maintain her, unless it was shewn she had committed adultery. No such allegation was made in the present case. With respect to the insertion of an advertisement, that only protected a husband from a wife pledging his credit for what were extravagancies, but it did not by any means relieve him from this liability in respect to what were necessaries. His Honor made an order for the amount claimed. ANOTHER POLAR EXPEDITION.—We again note that Professor Nordenskiold is organising another Polar Expedition for 1871-2, and that he intends, amongst other things, to attempt to reach the North Pole by starting from Spitzbergen, or its neighborhood, in the spring, and travelling by sledge over the frozen sea. It is reported that he intends to visit Greenland this year to procure dogs for his enterprise. We fear that if he relies upon dogs, he will not succeed better than his predecessors, and he may even experience great difficulty at the outset in obtaining the requisite number for his purpose • for, by the latest accsunts from Greenland, the disease among the dogs in that country (which proved such a hindrance to Mr. Whymper in his attempt to penetrate to the interior in 1867) has spread, in spite of all efforts to check it, from one district to another, and is still continuing its fatal ravages. MAKING A NOSE.—The case of Mr. O'Connor, of King's County, Ireland, whose nose was cut off some weeks ago by a band of ruffians, excited attention, even in a land of outrages by its exceptional atrocity. The sequel of the story, however, is very different from the beginning. Mr. O'Connor's mutilation has led to one of the greatest surgical feats ever accomplished. A new nose, fashioned out of his own flesh, has been fitted upon him with admirable success. An incision was made in the forehead, and a portion of the living flesh skilfully drawn down, fashioned into the proper form whilst still warm and plastic, and fitted to the stump of the mutilated feature, the skin being artistically drawn over the scar. Mr. O'Connor will be but slightly disfigured. His friends say that the now nose looks better than the old one. FATAL ACCIDENT.—On May 14 a fearful accident happened at the Beckton Gas Works, Barking, whereby five men lost their lives, and two others were seriously injured. A man named Daniel Philips was engaged in measuring the depth of water in a well pumped by a powerful engine to keep the works clear, when he was seen to fall from tho first stage at a depth of about 40 feet into the water below, a depth still further of about 25 feet. An immediate rush was made to his rescue by other men, all of whom unfortunately shared the same fate from the effects of choke damp, At length the cause of the accident began to be understood, and no more men were allowed to go down by the ladder. Efforts were, however, made to recover the bodies by men going down with a rope attached to them, under the direction of Mr. Hall, the manager of the works; and amongst these a man named Cook, of Barking, was conspicuous for zeal and self-devotion. It is stated that the pump had been worked for five ^months without any sign of foul air, and when the man first fell it was supposed he had only missed his footing. A VILLAGE DESTROYED BY FEBE.—The village of Broadclyst, four miles from Exeter, has been almost destroyed by a fire which broke out on April 27, and destroyed no less than 57 houses. Only 18 houses remain in the village; most of the inhabitants are burnt out, and will have to find shelter as best they can. No provisions were to be obtained in the place. Tho property destroyed belonged to Sir Thomas Acland, whose son, Mr. Acland, M.P., with other gentlemen, were on the spot, and used eveiy effort to supply food and shelter to the sufferers. It is supposed that the conflagration was caused by sparks from the chimney of an inn which was on fire. Such a scene of destruction as the village of Broadclyst now presents can scarcely be imagined, and no description can convey any adequate idea of the damage the fire has done. By this calamity nearly 250 persons are rendered houseless. The total destruction of clothes, furniture, and the stock of small shops, has thrown this large number of persons on the protection of the district. Whilst well assured that extreme destitution will be allievated as much as possible by the beneficence of Sir Thomas Dyko Acland and others of the neighboreood, it is deemed most desirable to supplement their charitable work by soliciting the aid of those who may sympathise with the misery now existing, and help thereby to reinstate the cottagers in a now home. Another great robbery of jewels has been effected, and £10,000 worth of jewellery stolen from the residence of Mr. and Lady Margaret Beaumont, in Piccadilly. It is supposed that the crime was perpetrated by the same band of burglars who lately robbed the houses of the American Minister and of Lady Napier. A reward of £1,000 has been offored. ATTEMPTED ABDITCTIOK OF A GIBE.— On April 29, an attempt was made to decoy a girl of 13, named Lizzie Knight. It appears that the girl, who lived with her parents at 43 Old Pyke-street, Westminster, was out with her brother, when a well-dressed man offered her a ride in a cab. She refused to enter the vehicle without the company of her brother, and it was arranged that he should also go. After going a short distance the man let the boy out, and was about to be driven away with tho girl, when she become aware of his intention, jumped out, and fell into the road. A crowd collected, the cab was driven away, and she was taken to the Westminster Hospital, when she was found to be suffering from a fractured thigh. The girl now lies in a dangerous condition. PBESENT FOE THE PBUTCE OP WAXES. —A large " joss," or idol, has been sent home from China by Admiral Keppel, as a present for His Soyal Highness the Prince of Wales, and has arrived at Sandringham. The figure weighs about 30 cwt., being made of metal. It is not of great height, but of massive proportions. The ornamentation is elaborate, and the whole details of the figure are distinguished by painstaking minuteness. A SHARK STOBY.—While the bargu^ Amelia was on her passage homo trom Trinidad, a Bhark was observed following the vessel. The shark-hook was immediately baited and thrown over the side, and the shark was immediately caught. As usual in such cases, the mate essayed to pass a hitch over the back of the animal, when he fell overboard, and in his fall caught hold of the back of the shark. The master sprang overboard to the assistance of the mate, and in the midst of the struggle which ensued the shark got clear off the hook, but fortunately the master and mate were drawn promptly on board, or the shark might have had tho best o the business. ATTEMPT TO MtruDEu A MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT.—On April 29 a desperate attempt was made to murder Mr. Charles Buxton, M.P. For several years past Mr. Buxton has employed as secretary a young man, named White, a person of somewhat eccentric habits. Owing to his irregular conduct of late, a three months' notice to leave was given at the commencement of the session, which afterwards was reduced to a month. Mr. Buxton desired him to attend at his residence iu Grosvenor Crescent, when he was slightly reproved for inattention to his duties. To this he made no answer. Mr. Buxton then said he required the direction of a friend, and asked his secretary to procure for him the " Army List" from another apartment. White remained silent, and then said, "You want the * Army List' do you ?" aud left the study to fetch it. On returning, his conduct became still more remarkable, and Mr. Buxton again reproved him for the manner in which he was behaving, observing that although he wished him to leave his service, ho was willing to assist him in eveiy way, and to procure for him another situation. To this White said, " I do not believe a word of it, and then leaned over the table, and gave a ferocious scowl at his master. Thinking that the man merely meant to assault him, and feeling that he was the more powerful of the two, Mr. Buxton remained sitting, and White then proceeded to his usual place at the table. Mr. Buxton again told him he had better leave the house, and was busy writing when he heard the report of firearms, and turning round, he saw White standing looking at him, with a revolver pointing towards him. Mr. Buxton instantly threw himself on the floor of the room behind the table, when White coolly said, " Are you wounded, sir?" Mr. Buxton then rushed at his assailant, when White ran out of the room, opened the street door, hailed a hansom cab, and in a moment or so was out of sight. Mr. Buxton followed to the door, but the man had then gone. The mark of the bullet was found on the wall directly over the place where Mr. Buxton was standing at the time the pistol was fired, and the bullet was picked up in the middle of the room. Information was immediately given to the authorities in Scotland Yard, and Colonel Henderson directed Inspector Tay and Sergeant Davy to take every means for securing the would-be murderer. The would-be assassin was arrested on May 2 at the Maison Doree, Paris. He was armed with a revolver when taken. The prisoner, who has been brought back under the Extradition Treaty, underwent an examination before the police court on May 16, and was remanded. ATTEMPT TO ESCAPE FBOM A Nunnery.—The other day a nun known as Sister Agnes made her escape from the convent at Badderly, near Knowle, Warwickshire. She was captured by a Mrs. Heath. Although alledged to be insane, she provided herself with victuals, and when seized was on the public road calling to a man to help her. Mrs. Heath has for many years been a confidential servant in the convent. Sister Agnes is described as "one of the inner circle," and it is said that only on rare occasions she had an opportunity of escaping. At chapel on the day in question she feigned illness, and said she would say her prayers in the garden. On getting out she clambered over a high wall, and got into the road, but was pursued and captured. The greatest excitement prevails in the neighborhood. The poor woman, who it is now said is insane, has been removed to a proper asylum. ADDIS'S SINGLE BAIL TRAMWAY.—We have before us a photograph which gives a clear insight into Mr. Addis's system. It is simple and inexpensive, the cost being not more than 5,000 rupees per mile, and where no road exists, the rails can be laid down, and quite good enough for ordinary traffic, by ballasting a strip 18 inches wide. Then it is an advantage that a single pair of bullocks can draw from four to six times as much as in a common wagon on an ordinary road. In countries like South Africa, the West Coast, and the Biver Plate, this single rail tram would be an immense saving of labor and capital. We are glad to hear that it is likely to be generally turned to account in India. One of the novelties of the Paris season is a summer hat looking like very good straw, but in reality made of wood shavings, and sold for the fabulously small sum of 2Jd. A highly superior article of this kind of manufacture may be had for 9|d. A correspondent says:—" How far are we in advance of the time when it was an opprobrium to wear a hat at 4s. 9d.! The hat at 9|d. looks very nearly as well as a Panama. It is of exquisite whiteness, very well-shaped, light and comfortable on the head, and might be worn by a well-dressed heavy swell at a horticultural show. Of course it is fragile; a heavy shower would reduce it to the consistency of the blotting paper, and it will not stand the slightest blow. But with careful handling in fine weather it will look well for several days, and as the fine days in the course of a summer during which a man cares to wear a straw hat are often very few, it is a great question even with the owner of a Panama, and there are few possessors of a good Panama, whether a succession of four or five new smart, fresh-looking hats at 9§d. is not a better investment than the 5s. which it takes to get a Panama cleaned— a Panama which, however fine the quality, is sure to look terribly dirty before the end of the season. FIRE ESCAPES ur NEW YORK.—The Architect says:—"Since the passing of the law requiring fire escapes to be affixed to tenement houses in New York city, nearly 11,000 buildings have been furnished with them. The superintendent of buildings refers in terms of commendation to a plan recently proposed—that of having a doorway marked " fire escape," constructed in the party-walls between adjoining houses. Building paper now forms a regular artiole of commerce in the United States, and more than one public company is doing a large business in it. It is being used on the outside of frame buildings, and under shingles and floors to keep out the cold ; as also on the inside of frame buildings, and under shingles and floors to keep out the cold; as also on the inside instead of plastering; and it is said to be both warm and cheap. A correspondent of an American paper " took tea" with a Mormon elder the other day, at which six wives " presided," and 27 children sat round the table. 