Melbourne Letter. Friday, November l). It would be unfair to judge of our Parliament by their performances during the first two weeks of the session, otherwise, they might as well be dis missed to their homes at once. The time of their meeting, however, was inopportune for actual work. The first few evenings were given out of sheer courtesy to tho ghost of an Opposition which confronted the Ministry, ynd since then the holidays and races have absorbed the atten tion of legislators as well as more ordinary mortals. Hence the work of the session has yet to be begun, and we must wait for another week at least before we can judge of the disposition of honorable members to do it. This very unpro mising commencement is already inducing the belief in some quarters that the few measures which were promised will have to be retained on the list of unfulfilled promises for a few months longer. The third visit to Melbourne of H. It. H. the Duke of Edinburgh terminates to-day, and it will probably be a good while before we receive a visit from royalty again. There has, however, been very little on this occasion to indicate the fact that we have aprince of the blood amongst us, and his Royal Highness has appreciated the quiet which he has been allowed to enjoy. Lord and Lady Canterbury have done their best to make the stay of the Prince agreeable, and, although the least ostentatious, this will probably have been the most enjoyable of his visits. The postponement of some of our public amusements, owing to the wet weather, appeared likely to deprive the Duke of some of his anticipated enjoyments. You will have learnt from the tele grams H. R. H. Prince Alfred had the pleasure of driving his team of greys to the racecourse, with the Governor of Tasmania and Mrs. Du Cane, and a select party in the drag. This extra day will have afforded him much gratifica tion, for the weather was everything that could be desired, and the town turned out en masse, the ladies coming out in all the gorgeous colours of the commencement of summer, and making up a spectacle never surpassed for brilliancy in these colonies, To a young gentleman on pleasure bent the past few days must have afforded opportunities for enjoyment which should be satiating, if not surfeiting. There was a grand ball at Toorak one night, a public ball in celebration of the com pletion of the Alfred Hospital the next night, the Derby day on Saturday, the ' Horse Exposi tion' on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, with (amongst otner novelties) the trial of the light-weight hunters and steeplechasers ridden by ' lady equestriennes,' four of whom put the various animals to the fences and water jumps. Then on Wednesday there were additional sports and pastimes, in honour of the birthday of the Prince of Wales, and the inaugural dinner of the new Mayor of Melbourne, in the Town Hall, at which, besides the Prince, there were present the two Governors, the Bishop of Melbourne, the Dean of Sydney, and Ministers and ex-Ministers by the score ; the series culminating in the great Cup day, yesterday. One would imagine that, after all this, our Royal visitor will begin to feel used up by the time he finds himself afloat in the Rangatira this afternoon. Everybody seems to have been astonished at the result of great cup race. The horso which won it, ' Nimblefoot,' was such a thorough outsider. He belonged to the late Mr. Walter Craig of Ballarat, and would have been sold with his other horses, but Mrs. Craig knew that he was a favourite of her late husband's, and as £50 was the highest offer for him, she had him bought in. His winnings on this occasion will probably be over a thousand pounds, and Mrs. Craig clears some three thousand more in bets at long odds against her horse. The most remarkable incident in con nexion with the event, however, will be gathered from the following paragraph, which appeared a few days ago in the Bendigo Independent ' It is said that the late Mr. Walter Craig, of Ballarat, told some of his friends a short time be fore bis death that be bad dreamt that he saw a horse, ridden by a jockey wearing his well-known colours, but with crape on his left sleeve, come in first for the Melbourne Cup. Now Nimblefoot, Mr. Craig's horse, won the Hotham Stakes on Saturday, and his jockey, who wore crape upmi his sleeve in memory of the late Mr. Walter Craig, was loudly cheered upon coming to scale. Those fond of coincidences may remember that the well known John Scott, a celebrated trainer, a short time before his death, said that Malton, entered for the Chester Cup, would do a good thing. Malton did win the Cup, though an extreme out sider. Whether Nimblefoot will win the Mel bourne Cup is another matter, but should that he the case it will be somewhat startling.' And, startling as it is, Nimblefoot did win the Cup ! The Chess Match which has just been played between members of the Melbourne and Sydney Chess Clubs has given, as jnightbe expected, ample satisfaction to the Melbourne players, as ihey may fairly claim to be the victors on the general result. The progress of the game was watched with much interest by a few ' quiet ' people, while all the gayer portion of the world of Melbourne were away at Flemington racecourse during a considerable portion of the time. It is to be regretted that there was a mistake made by one of our players, who misunderstood the move of his Sydney competitor, and thus allowed the game to drift into confusion. Even supposing, however, that this game were re corded in favour of the Sydney player, it would leave Melbourne the winner by one game. This little tournay has had an excellent effect here in reviving the interest in the game amongst our players; and as the play of the Sydney men is ? acknowledged even by the winners on our ride to have been extremely good, it is not at all improb able that the laurels will be transferred at the next friendly encounter. The arrangements of the telegraph departments of both colonies must have .been .veiy complete ; for there was no hitch or delay from the commencement of the telegraph ing, soon after 10 o'clock in the morning, up to near midnight, when the last game was played outi The preparations for the defence of the colony from invasion is no longer regarded as an emer gency ; and, although Parliament was sitting last week, the Government scarcely thought it necessary to consult the Legislature on the sub ject. It is true that one or two of the Opposition speakers made it a ground of complaint against the Ministry that they had acted illegally in raising the new defensive corps, and asserted that if these men were called out, and loss of life re sulted from the use of their weapons, it would be murder in the eye of the law ; but members fenerally appeared quite satisfied that the linistry had not taken a single step beyond what the country would be prepared to endorse. There is no talk now about a Militia Bill ; nor is there any attempt being made to give additional vitality to the volunteer organisation. The present 'standing army,' of seventy or eighty, cut as respectable a figure as can be expected, and are daily improving in their drill. The scientific corps, to oe called the Torpedo and Signal Corps, has also been partially formed, and the officers have been gazetted. The principal work, how ever, which has been going on lately has been in the direction of harbour defences by shore batteries. In the repair of these and the mounting of the guns convict labour has been partially employed, and with very satisfactory results, for the men appear willing to do much more on the shores of the bay than in a prisonyard. Sir James M'Culloch told the House, the other evening, that the de fences of the harbour were in a better state now than they had been at any previous time ; all which is perfectly true, though it by no meanB follows that their condition is_ a satis factory one, for the magnificent pieces of ordnance possessed by the colony have been hitherto lying about in a state of apparent neglect, and some of the batteries required to he taken to pieces, and others better adapted to the appliances of modern warfare constructed in their places, All thiB condition of unpre paredness is now in process of being changed, and very soon we 6liall be able to boast of the follow ing shore defences WlLLIAMSTOWN. Light-house Battery, two 9-inth guns, four 80-poundcrs, and two 68-poundere, Central Tcn-guu Battery, one 9-incli gun, throe 80 pounders, and probably six C8-pounders. Bight Battery, three C8-peunders. Breakwater-pier Battery, one 9-inch gun and two 80 poundcre. Base or Horson's Bay. St. Kilda Bight Battery, one 60-pounder. Emerald-hill Advanocd Battery for four guns of modern construction, dismantled. Emerald-hill, Central Battery, three 80-pounders. Sandridge Lagoon Battery, one 9-inch gun, three 80 poundcra, and prohahly four 68-pounders. Pout Phillip Heads. Three-gun Battery, 68-pounder. Total Guns Mounted. Total old pattern 68- pounder smoothbores, 8, prohahly to be incrcaecd to 10. Total modem rifled, 80-poundcr mounted, 16. Total modem rifled guns, 800 pounders, 6. This leaves one 9-inch gun and eight 80-pounders unem ployed. The names of six gentlemen have been gazetted as a Board of Defence for considering and re porting upon the various suggestions made to the Government for the defence of the colony. Amongst these suggestions Is one for the adop tion of an engine of destruction which, if it is capable of all that is asserted of it; will render a large military force unnecessary, inasmuch as a very small party of uien could with it destroy an army of invaders. It is, of course, a compound engine like the mitrailleuse. The inventor is a Captain Fitzgerald, and but little notice would probably have been taken of it but for a sort of testimonial of Mnjor-General Chute, who wrote to the Treasurer before leaving for England, re commending it to the attention of the Govern ment, and stating his conviction that these imple ments are likely to prove most destructive, and that guns worked on the principle of this inven tion would in a few hours annihilate an army. The agitation in favour of the introduction of the system of selling grain and flour by the cental instead of the bushel or the ton, which was ini tiated at the Commercial Conference held in Sydney a year and a half ago, has encountered many hindrances and delays, but it has never been allowed to drop, and as your readers will remem ber the Conference of Delegates representing the Governments of four colonies which met here in July agreed to give the movement their sup port with a view to its being brought into practi cal operation on the 1st January next, the time fixed at a meeting of factors, merchants and others interested, which had been just pre viously held in Melbourne. In order to ensure this arrangement being carried into effect at the time named, our Chamber of Commerce is send ing a request to all the journals of the colony to commence the quotation of their market prices in centals as well as bushels, in order to familiarize the trade and the fanners as well as the general public with the new denomination. To facilitate calculations, a table has been prepared by the secretary, which will be widely distributed; and it is also expected that an actuary will bring out a more elaborate and detailed table giving eveiy conceivable gradation of price, which will be m print before the new system comes into actual and general use. At first sight the change seemsto involve some trouble on the part of dealers to familiarize themselves to the new method of calculation— but when once adopted, it must be much more simple to reckon everything by a standard of 100, than to be taking, as the case may be, 20 lbs. or 40 lbs., 50, 54, or 56 lbs. ; 60 lbs., 112 lbs., 2000 lbs., or 2240 lbs., and dividing or multiplying this great variety of figures. Moreover, the same article is not sold in all places by the same weight, — maize, for example, which is sold by the bushel of 60 lbs. in Sydney, is sold by 56 lbs. down to 00 lbs. in different parts of this colony. It was expected that an attempt would have been made before this to draw from our Ministers a statement of their intentions in reference to the despatch of Lord Kimberley on the subject of intercolonial free-trade. The last session of Par liament was about to close when the report of the Intercolonial Conference was laid on the table, and the Governor's prorogation speech intimated that 'the Government would take such steps as might be requisite, in order to give effect to the resolutions agreed to at the Con ference.' Now, although there has been no time for the introduction of any legislation upon the sub ject, yet, considering that two of the Governments represented at the Conference, namely, South Australia and Tasmania (as also_ New Zealand which was not represented), have since introduced bills into their respective Parliaments, having for their object the promotion of that Intercolonial free-trade which the Conference declared that the colonies ought to be enabled to arrange between each other— it was but reasonable to expect that on the opening of another session some reference would have been made to so important a matter, or that the Chief Secretary would have availed himself of the earliest opportunity to give some explanation to Parliament of the views and intentions of his Cabinet. The explanation pro bably is that there is too much apathy on the subject in political as well as non-political circles, and that the absence of all pressure from without is the true cause of the ministerial inaction and silence. During the next few days however, we shall hear something about it, and the Age (con sistent always in its opposition to ' Rogers ' and Downing Street) is demanding from Sir James M'Culloch the fulfilment of a promise made by him some time ago, that he would resent any interference with responsible government on the £art of the Colonial Office. The despatch of ,ord Kimberley is (says the Age) just the sort of interference which calls for the protest of the colonies. Possibly, however, the Age may find that Sir James views the despatch differently, and as simply a repetition of instruc tions to Governors of tnese colonies which have been issued by Lord Kimberley's predecessors in office, and of the general directions to Governors of British colonies, and a premonitory hint that the 43rd section of our Constitution Statute cannot be repealed in favour of intercolonial treaties. There has been a feeling of uneasiness here in regard to the letters and packets usually for warded across the Continent from either Mar seilles or Brindisi, especially as some packets ex pected by the last mail have not reached their destination. Still, however, the Post Office authorities issued their ordinary announcement, and the general public have adopted the usual course, trusting to the Admiralty agent in charge taking the necessary measures for ensuring the delivery of the mail by the earliest practicable route. Some of the banks and mercantile houses, however, have adopted the Brindisi route for their chief advices, sending duplicates by way of Southampton, and reserving triplicates for either the Californian mail or the next month's mail by way of Brindisi, This seems to be the course which has been advised by London houses to their Melbourne constituents or cor respondents. Is the 'World Round. — It seems that the stubborn Englishman, Mr. John Hampden, ol' the village of Swindon, who believed that the earth is not a globe but a plane, and with dauntless breast threw out a challenge, offering to bet £500 in favour of his views, is no myth. His wager was accepted by a Mr. 'Wallace, who agreed to ' prove the convexity or cur vature of the surface of a canal, river, or lake.' So a portion of the ' old Bedford canal, 6ix miles in length in a straight line, was selected for the proof. Referees were appointed, and in case of disagreement between them, the editor of the Field was to make the final decision. A signal was placed at each end of the six miles and one in the centre — each signal being the same height above the water. From either end the central signal seemed five feet higher than that at the other end, proving, as Mr. Wallace's ? referee argued, die convexity of the surface. Hamp den's referee admitted the facts, but denied the' in ference. 