GENERAL NEWS, We learn that on Monday a telegram was received at the Land Office stating that a valuable mineral discovery had been made on Torke's Peninsula, and asking for protection or pre-emption while search was being made for the spot, which had not been sufficiently noted. Almost immediately afterwards another tele- 1 gram was received naming the locality. "W"e understand an area of 960 acres has been taken up, and rumor speaks in a sanguine manner as; to the new discovery being an embryo Moonta. It is, we hear, situated about four' or five ; miles from the celebrated Moonta property. On dit that the former lessee- of the ; old Theatre purposes building a new Theatre I with hotel accessories. Messrs. A. Hallett, J.P., Tt. S% Kelly, J.P., H. Warren, J.P., andT. Playford, M.P., ■ have been elected members of the Central Road j. Board by the nomination of the District Councils. We believe one of tbe unsuccessful candidates was only a few votes behind a more fortunate rival. Messrs. G. McTSwin, J.P., and It. Smith, J.P. have been nominated members of the Board by the Government. Since the works of the Victorian Gold Quartz and Cement Crushing Company have been started at Barossa 700 tons have been put through, the total yield being about 700 ozs. of gold. It must be remembered, however, that with a large proportion of the cement taken to the crusher, quite as much, and in some in stances more, of the precious metal 'had been previously pieked or hammered out by the digger. Ah unfortunate accident occurred on Monday evening to a Strathalbyn tradesman, who was returning home from town in a spring cart, with a case containing 500 feet of crown window glass. The belly-band of the harness broke, the cart tilted up, and the case fell with a loud crash on the hard metalled road. The Strathalbyn mail to Adelaide was just coming up, and it stopped to enable the passengers to offer assistance, which they readily did; but of course the glass must have been all broken. Ou Sunday a fire broke out on Mr. Jame3 Lindsay's premises, on Gawler Plains, near Smithfield. It originated in the stable, and destroyed two reaping machines and out buildings. Mr. Lindsay's entire horse, Young Fireaway, was in the stable, and was saved with some difficulty. A large hay-stack also had a very narrow escape, but fortunately that was saved. The damage done is estimated at upwards of £200. The fire is supposed to have been accidental. Bucknall's river sports at Port Ade laide on last Saturday afternoon were really erood. A snlenaid Bwimminc ram> lwlnroon TV1V Hunt (Champion of the Teas) and Mr. Miller (the celebrated Port duck), resulted in the for mer named •winning. Afterwards Miller resumed his usual avocation, and received the tallest chasing he had .ever encountered, and got caught at the last moment. Several pair oared races also came off. "We understand that Hunt has challenged any man in the colony to a floating contest. The crews in port are also challenged to send four men to compete against four of the Collingrove's crew. We are informed that a person from J Victoria was showing some fine nuggetty gold in town on Monday morning which he had washed in one of the gullies this side Mount Lofty. As a practical man he said he was quite sure he could mako £40 per week with such machinery as he could facilitate in half an-hour out of a packing-case. He says that the gold came from a large reef in the neigh borhood, and he has no doubt that all the gullies leading down into the plains contain gold more or less. We heard of another part*" who were up at Mount Lofty on Saturday,,A wno got 6 dwts. with the greatest ease ©r e three buoketsful of stuff. ' -it of On Monday afte?«oon an accider . result, we believe, of gross earelesy -1 - ® fast driving round a corner—hay me^a . little boy some seven years o1 a r J ? Redman. The child, we ore ' ?ed ®lchard crossing the street near-'rheFnt ini,ormed' ^as a cab driven by a ma-, E*ro?£ wlien rapidly round th» „!r i rVo11? Smith came Gawler-ulaea. r - corner, of f irenfell-street and and one of " ifc knocked dm ,vn the little fellew, andbrok che wheels passe d over his right leg pital-- -e it._ He was corrveyed to tho Hos , where it was ascertained that he had sus .ned a compound fracture of the leg just above the ankle. On -Enquity late last evening: we learnt that the little sufferer, although in great pain, was bearin-g up manfully. It really is high time that the -proposed Corporation new by-law in reference "to driving round corners should be in force to prevent reckless and dan gerous conduct such, as this. On Monday afternoon the Chamber of Manufactures met at the Town Hall Chambers for the purpose of recommending gentlemen qualified to act as Judges in Section B (colonial manufactures and industries), at the Agricul tural Society's^ Exhibition in February. The section was divided into a large number of classes, and gentlemen were recommended as Judges, subject to confirmation by the Exhibi tion Committee. It was decided by the Chamber to forward a recommendation to the j Agricultural Society that in future all colonial made implements and machines should be classed under colonial manufactures and in dnsfaries. The Committee reported that it had been decided that a member of the House of Assembly should be asked to ascertain the feel ing of the Legislature in the matter of giving a bonuB for the manufacture of woollen tweeds in the colony. Mr. J. Knowles moved, and Mr. H. Giles seconded, the adoption of the report, which was carried. It was decided to entrust the question of giving a bonus to Mr. T. Cottrell, M.P., who was requested to bring it before Parliament at an early date ; and the Secretary (Mr. S. Y. Pizey) was requested to write to members of Parliament, asking them to give the matter their support. The Minstrels' entertainment at the Theatre Royal on Monday night was patronised by a very fair house. The stalls and gallery were well filled, and there was a sprinkling in the boxes. Among the company in the dress circle were His Excellency the Governor and Lady Edith Fergusson, who were accompanied by the Hon. Lieut.-ColcinelEdgcumbe (A.D.C.). The heat was excessively oppressive, but in spite of this the performers spared no efforts to please. There was something on the pro gramme for every taste—songs, dances, and buffoonery. Tbe principal songs were "Ring the Bell, Watchman," by Campbell; "Letter | in the Candle," by Ackland; "We Meet Again," by Amery; "The Village Blacksmith," by Campbell; and the vocal duet, "The Moon has Raised her Lamp above," by Messrs. Ack land and Amery. The celebrated Golden Shoe dance by Kelly and Holly was repeated, and excited as much wonder as ever. The humorous sayings of Bones and Tony caused great amusement, as did also some of the ludicrous and absurd performances in the second part. The entertainment closed with I the farce of " A Ghost in a Pawnshop." An influential meeting of seatholders | at St. Luke's Church, and other friends of the Rev. James Pollitt, the incumbent, was held on Monday>evening, January 24th, in White's! Arbitration Room. Mr. James Williams, the | senior warden, on being voted to the chair, remarked, as the convener of the meeting, that | their pastor, after his many years' labor in this colony, and having been instrumental in raising three churcb.es where he had ministered with satisfaction to the several congregations, finding his health shattered somewhat, had applied to them through him for 12 months' leave of absence to enable him to recruit his health., and return to them with renewed vigor. It was well known that the salary he had received, and his generous nature had pre vented him from saving much. It was con sidered by many of the congregation that a testimonial showing their esteem and regard | should be presented. Several of the congrega tion and others supported the Chairman's i remarks. . Resolutions were passed to the effect that the testimonial should consist of a purse of sovereigns, and that Messrs. John Chambers, H. H. Haussen, J. H. Clarke, W. Bishop, F. J. Blades, John Downer, T. Dodd, J. K. Hawthorn, George Mills, P. E. ELoare, V. Lawrance, J. H. Sherring, Lang, Colyer, Edmunds, and J. Williams should form a. Com mittee, with power to add to their number, to raise subscriptions, and Mr. George Mills was appointed Hon. Treasurer, and Mr. C. B. Darton Hon. Secretary. The ladies of the congregation were requested to form a separate Committee ; Mesdames Reid and Codd and Miss Tapley to be the conveners. . The former congregations of Mr. Pollitt are to be applied to to contribute to the fund. The meeting, which, was very enthusiastic, closed after thanks to the Chair man. Erratum.—In a paragraph appearing Tuesday's Advertiser respecting the .crushing | by the Victorian Gold Quartz and1 Cement Crushing Company at Barossa, tha- 70 ounces mentioned as the total yield from 700 -.tons of stuff should have been, stated ag. 70ff ounces. 