TIHE LAST ESCAPE FROM SIBERIA.I [From Chamoberas Journal.] Who does not remember the pleasure with which, as a child, he read the history of Elizabeth, or the Exiles of Siberia. her courageous devotion, and her ultimate suc cess. Such literature has latterly become too common among the unfortunate Poles. Her most devoted and bravest sons have been expatriated to the land of eternal snow, and the adieu of their sorrowing friends sounds ever in their ears a ne plus itous recoir. Once or twice in a century, a general amnesty, as it is called, brings back a few to their own country; and, even more rarely, a bold nod energetic exile finds means to escape his horrible doom, and reappears among his former acquaintances, like a ghost from another world. They write the story of those wild and howling wildernesses; and others who die there send the journals they have kept to loving friends, who publish them in Paris or Brussels, where the Press is free. Such a work is that of M[ Rufioaiotrowski, almost the only example of a man sentenced to hard labour who tried to escape and succeeded. On foot, he made the long and perilous journey over the Ural chain of moun tains to Archangel, Petersburg, anti Riga, without passport or help, and but little money, confiding his secret to no one, that they inight not be involved in his terrible fate if discovered. He was one of thor heroic emissaries, who, after emigrating from Poland, returned to his oppressed country with impossible plans, unreflecting appeals, and crude ideas, only to suffer as.a victim of Russian policy. The end of iis journey was Kaminietz, in Podolia, where he gave himself out as a Frenchman who had come to give private lesions in foreign languages, and received the usual permit from the authorities without exciting any suspicion. lie was soon introduced into the best society ; and the better to shield his connections, he chose the houses of Russian employls, where he suffered tortures from the remarks he heard made npon his insulted countrymen. His security rested much upon his not being supposed to under stand the Polish language; and during the nine months he remained, he obtained such command over himself, that the police had not the slightest suspicion of his being a Pole. The warning voice came from St. Petersburg, through the spies in Paris. Early one winter's morning he was roughly shaken out of a slumber by the Director of Police, and carried before the Governor of the province, who had come specially on this errand. His position was represented to him as one of the greatsst danger, and he was recommended to make a full confession. This for many days he refused to do, until a large number of those who were his accomplices were brought be fore him; and their weary, anxious faces induced him to explain loudly, and in his native tongue-" Yes, I am a Pole, and have returned because 1 could not bear exile from my native land any longer; here I wished to live inoffensive and quiet, confiding my secret to a few countrymen ; and I have nothing more to say." The Governor's eyes sparkled. He was delighted that the difficulty was over; and an immediate order was made out foir the culprit's departure to IKiof. His sufferings were frightful, and were not lessened when they stopoed at a but, where some rusty chains were brought out, the rings of which were thrust over his ankles. They proved much too small, and the rust prevented the bars from turning in the sockets, so that the pain was insupport able. He was rudely carried and thrown into the carriage, and thus arrived In an almost insensible condition at the terrible fortress of Kiof. After many month's miserable detention in this prison, which we pass over to dwell mror particularly on hls escape, he was sentenced to death, which was commuted to hard labour in Siberia for life: degraded from his rank tas a noble, and ordered to make the journey in chains. As soon as this was read to him, he was taken to a kibitka, or chaise, with three horses, which stood at the door. Irons were put on, and he was placed beteween two armed soldiers; the gates of the fortress were shut, and the roand to Siberia was before him. Many more afflicted ones than himself were passed. None but the nobility have the privilege of riding; the commonality are sent in convoys of from one to three hundred, and to walk to their destination occupies from one to two years. Two are chained together, and one cannot move in his sleep without awakening the other, and causing great pain. About ten thousand are sent every year-yet the people on the road are compassionate and sympathising; the women give cakes, dried fish, or fruit. An employd came up to M1. Piotrowski, and timidly offered him a small packet, saying-" Accept that from my saint." The convict not understanding, he added-"You are a Pole, and do not know our customs ; it is my fete-day, when it is above all a duty to assist the unfortunate. Pray, accept it then, in the name of my saint, after whom I am called." The packet contained bread, salt and money. Night and day the journey continued, with the utmost rapidity, for about a month, when, in the middle of the night, they stopped at the fortress of Omsk, where he was placed fur.a few hours with a young officer who had committed some breach of discipline. They talked incessantly until the moruing, so great was the pleasure of meet ing with an educated companion. A man of Siberia was in the room, which Piotrowski examined with feverish interest. "Ah!" said his companion, "are you meditating flight I Pray, do not think of it. Many oat your fellow countrymen hare tried it : and, tracked on all sides, tortured with hunger, and wild with despair, have resorted to suicide, to save themselves from the conse quences of the kuout and a life of misery." At midday he was brought before Prince Gortschakoff, and the critical moment of his fate arrived. He might either be sent to some of the Government factories in the neighbourhood, or to the bell of convicts the mines underground. An hour passed in cruel suspense while this was debated. At length one of the Council announced to him thet he was to be sent to the distillery of Ekaterininski, three hundred miles to the north of Omsa. The clerks around congratu lated him on his destination ; and his depart urs was immediate. On a wintry morning he reached a vast plain near the river Irtish, on which a wretched village of about two hun dred wooden huts were built around afactory. When introduced into the clerks' office, a young man who was waiting jumped up and threw himself into his arms; he also was a Pole from Cracow, a well known poet, and sent away for life as "a measure of precau. tion." Soon they were joined by another political criminal. These spoke rapidly and with extreme emotion, entreating their new friendto bear everything in themostsubmis sive and patient manner, as the only means of escaping irom menial employment, and being promoted to the clerk's office. Not long was he permited to rest. A convict, branded on his forehead and cheeks, the Superintendent of the others, came and ordered him to take a broom, and sweep away a mass of dirt that some masons had left. A murderer was his companion; and thus he went on until nightfall, when his two friends were permitted to visit him, in the presence of the soldiers and convicts, most of the latter of whom had been guilty of frightful crimes. Thus day after day passed on, in sweeping, carrying wood and water, amid snow and frost; sad, painful memories on which it is useless to dwell ; the f barracks a scene of drunkenness and de. bauchery at night, and his companions the worst of mankind. His good conduct brought him in a year and a half to the office, where he received ten francs a month, and the work was light. During this time he saw and conversed with many farmers, and travellers from a distance, and gained every informa. tion about the roads, rivers, &e.;, with a view to the escape he was over meditating. The natives unite with the soldiers in exercising an incessant supervision over the hundreds e of escaping convicts, ann a common say. ing among the Tartars is--"In killing a squirrel you get but one skin, whilst a convict has three-his coat, his shirt, and his skint." Slowly and painfully he collected the ma terials for his journey. First of all a pass port was an essential. A convict who had been sentenced for making false money, still possessed an excellent stamp of the royal arms; this Piotrowski bought for a few francs. After long waiting lie procured a 1 Siberian wig-that is, a sheepskin with the wool turned in, to preserve the head from the cold-three shirts, a sheepskin bour 1 noose, and a red velvet cap bordered with f fur-the dress of a well to-do peasant. On a sharp frosty night lie quitted Ekateriuinski for Tara, having determined to try the road to tile north for Archangel, as the least frequented. A large Fair was shortly to be hold at Irbit, at the foot of the Urals, and he hoped to hide himself in the vast crowd of people that frequented it. Soon after he had crossed the river, a sledge was heard behind him; he trembled for his safety-his pursuers were perhaps coming. " Where are you going 7" shouted the pea sant who drove it. "To Tara." "Give me ten sous, and I will take you." "No; it is too much. I will give you t eight." " Well, so let it be. Jump in quickly." He was set down in the street; and knocking at a house, enquired in the Russian fashion -"Have you horses to hire T' " Yes-a pair. Where to?" "'o Tlara. I am a commercial traveller, and going to meet my master. I am behinrd my timeo, and wish to go as quickly as possi ble." No sooner had they set off than a snow sstorm came on, and the driver lost his way. T'hey wandtlered about all night in r the forest, and it was impossible to de o scribe the anguish and sulfering Piotrowaki 1 endured. "Return to Tara," said he, as the day t broke-"I will engage another sledge; arnd you need not expect any money from me, SaIfter the folly you have shown in losing your a way. They turned, but had hIardly gone a mile Sbefore the driver jumped up, looked around, Iand cried-" This is our road." Then mak iing up for lost time, lie seet him down at a friend's house, where he procured some tea rand freshl horses. On he went in safety, re I newing his horses at small expernse, until Slate at night, when hIe suffered from a most uunfortunate robbery. lie had not money at I hand to pay the conductor. They turned into a publiclhouse where a crowd of drunken people were celebrating the Carnival. He drew out some paper-money to get change, whenr the crowd coming round, some oneo seized his papers, among which were about, thirty france, his invaluab!e passport, and , note in which he had minutely inscribed all the towns and villages he must pass through on the road to Archangel. He was in des pair. The very first day a quarter of his money was gone, and the only thing by which he hoped to evade suaspiciouns, his passport. He dared not appeal to the police, and was obliged to submit. Regret and hesitation were not to be thought of; rapid ;travelling is common in Siberia, and he soon found himself on the high-road to Irbit, crowded with an innu merable mass of sledges, going or returning to the Fair, filled with merchandise and peasants;, rho guide their agile horses with unparalleled skill; It is the season of griun and good humour; and the people show it by unbounded gaiety. Piotrowski took courage, returned the salutations of the passer-by-for how could he be distinguislced in such a crowd The gates of Irbit were reached on the third day. " Halt, and show your passport," cried an official; but added in a whbisper-"give me twenty kopecks, and pass quickly." The demand was willingly gratified, and with some difficulty he pro cured a night's lodging, lying on the floor amidst a crowd of peasants, who had pre viously supped on radishbsoup, dried fish, oatmeal gruel, with oil and pickled cabbage. Up at daybreak, he took care to make the orthodox salutations before the holy images which are :found in the corner of every Russian dwelling; and passing rapidly through the crowded town, te walked out of the oplosite gate, for henceforwurds his scanty funds demanded that the journey should be made on foot. In the umidst of a heavy talling snow, lie managed to keep the track, avoiding the villages, and, when hungry, drawing a piece of frozen bread from his bag. At nigllifhll he buried himself in the forest, hollowed a deep hole in the noew, and found a hard but warm bed, where he gained the re pose he so greatly needed. Another hard day, with a dry cutting wind, forced him to ask for shelt, r at night in a cottage, which wasgranted without hesitation. He decribed himself as ot workman going to the iron foundries at ollutole, oil the Ural mountains. \Whilst the supper was preparina, he dried his clothes, and stretched himself on a bench with inexpreosibla sa!i-faction. He faucied he had neglected no precautions; his prayers and salutations had been made ; and yet supieion was awakened, as it appeared by the sight of hi. three shirts, which no peasant pos-esses. Three tuei entered and roughly shook him froa sl. ep, demanding his puass port. " Hi what right do you ask for it? Are you police ?" " No; but we are inhabitants of tile vil lage." "And you can enter houses and ask for iassports? Who can say whether you do not mean to rob me of cmy papers? But my answer is ready. I am Levreati Kourizme, going to Bohutole ; and it is not tie first time thalt I have pas.ed thtroughl the countrs." I-e then entered into details of the road and the Fair at Irbit, ending by shllowing his er ilission to pa-s, whicl, as it bore a stamplll, natidl,-d these ignorant men. " Forgive u.," said they. " We thought you were ilU escaped convict ; some of therm pats this way." Henceforward Ie dared not seek the shelter of a house. From the middle of Februery to the beginning of April, in the midst of one of the severest winters ever known, his couch was in the snow. Frozen bread was his loud for days together, and the absence of wartt aliments brought him face to lace with the terriblupectres of cold and hunger. The Urols were reachedt, an he begun to climb their wooded heights. On pIas-ttig through a little village at nighttall, a voice cried -" Who is there 7" "A traveller." " Well, would you like to come and sleep here." ', May God recompense you, yes; if it will not illcollnvelience t on." An aged couple lived there; good peolte who preltared cu meagre repast, which seettd t least to Plotrowski ; thle greuto-t comfort of all being tcat Its could take Iff his clothes. Titey gave himn his breaklust, and would not accspt any remunteration but his warm and cordial tt tank. In tile evening he toet with t convuo of yanstchicks, or drivers, who were returning from tiew Fair with thirty sledges of goods, uch druawn by one horse, and gubied by some tty ntchiks. ThI'reirskill in de-cending tihe mighty slopes of the moontttinsis wonder. ful; the road is narrow and bordered b) walls of snow .so high that imen anti hoores colm plet.ly disaplpor il ttem, When two con voys mrtet, the smaller tarns out of the road, and burie, itself until only the horses' ears tre visible. This strange evolution finishe.d, the men , elonging to both assist in drawing horses tand vehlicles out; but many dead boldies of the tornler strew theroad-ide, the fatigues are so great. One evelning our poor friend'slife s wasnearly extinct ; the way was lost tile hail pierced his skin, his supplly of bread was exllausted, Initl alter vainly draggicg his wear, lihbso, he fell into a kind of torpor. Aloud voice roused hinl "Whutaure ) ot doing her- ?" " I atnm m.king a pilgrimage to the monas tery of Solovetak, but tile strrm prevented mlly seeing the track, and I have not eaten fur several days." "It is not suprising. Wo who live on tl:espot often wander away. There, drink thtt." The speaker gave him a bottle containing some brandy, wlhich burned ,:him _o eartually, that in his pian he danced "Now, tr~y to calm yourself," saidl the god Saiuraritlt, giving Icicm soite bread and irieid lilsl, which P'iotrowaki ate raventously, saving \--'.I thanrk you with allnIIy heart, May God bless you for your goodtecs. "Allh, well, dc not say so much; we are boct Christiacs. Not, try to walk a little." lie wase n trappler; and lehd him into tile right path, pointing out a village iln w-herei he couldI get rest and refre-stument. Piotrowski mtanaged to crawl to the place, and tihiLt tainted away. VlWhen he rlcoverest hiitsell; heaskud for ruadils soufl, but could not swullow it; and to cwards sooln le fell asleep on the bench, never awaking until tile same time on the next day, when the host roused him. Sloel, rest, and warmthl restorol tile weary traveller, wtleo ugain started oil his loug Iil griacnge. The town of Veliki-Usting was renchedtl, iwhere ltu clhterlinted to cthange I tIs cllurarter antl bfecouth a pilgrilt, going to pray to thie hIoly ihlcges ol Sulovunbk, on the Wtlite Sea. 'lThere care four of tltaue holy places to ewhich pious ltuslsians resocrt, ntd i verywletre lthu waylarers are well received; Ilospctality and almsa being Ireely dispensed to ttoe who are going to pray for tlce peace oft tile donor. l'ateslorts are not rigorously exacted, end hI hoped to ioitt hIitollt to a otmpntnyl trusting to he le..u markel thain it ulonue. Aa she a"e standing irresolute in the market- place, a you g man accosted hime, and finding that thev were bound to the same place, invited him to join their party. There was about twenty ; but no less than two thousand were in tile city on their way, waiting until the thaw should have opened the Dwina for the rafts and boats which would traneport then to Archangel, and then to Sulovetk. It wt'.s a scene (br 'Cnaucer-the sincere ascetic de tached from this world; the hall-idiot, who sought to be a saint; the knave who played upon the charitl of ,thers; and the natute hypocrite. The'erots are loaded with corn, .nd the pilgrims receive a free passage ; or a small sum of moent is given them if they con sent to row ; troin forty to sixty sailors bsing required for each, toe oars coami-ling of a thia fir-tree. Piotrowski was only too haplpy to in crease hi .nmall store ot mone) by working. At the break ot day, before .starting, the cap tain cried-'"Seatyourslves,anll pray to God." Every one squatted down like a Jlussuluman for a nutluent, thtn ruse and made a number at salutationu and crossings ; and next, down to the poorest, each threw a small piece of money ilto the river, to secure a propitious voyage. Fifteen days passed, during which Pio trowski learned to be an expert oarsman ; then the golden spires of Archanget rose before them ; a cry of joy was uttered by all ; and the rowers broke off the lower part of their oars with a frightful crash ; such is the uni versal custom. It was a heartfelt prayer of gratitude that Piotrowski raised to God for having brought him thus tar in safety. How pleasant was the sight of the slhips, with their flags of a thousand colors, after the snow and eternal forests of the Urals. But there was again disappointment ; he. wandered along the piers, but could not find a single vessel' bound for France or Germany, and not daring to enter the cafds, where perhaps the captains might have been, he left Archangel in sadness determined to skirt the coast towards Onega. He would thus pass the celebrated monastery without the necessity of stopping, atnd pre tended that he was proceeding to Novgorod and Moscow oni the same pious pilgrimage. Through marshes and blighted fir-plhnta tions the weary wayfarer sped, the White Sea rising frequently into storms of the utmost grandeur; but the season was lovely and the sun warm, so that camping out offered less hardship; the wolves howled round him, but happily he never saw them. Many soldiers, who were Poles, were estab lished at different points to take charge of the canals lie often listened to their sad complaints, and once remnarked to one, "But they do'not beat you much r' "Hlow Not beat us f" was the answer, accoumpanied by a bitter laugh. "Do you think tihe Czar lets us eat his bread gratui tously I" (To be continued.) 