A CANTON PRISON. ONE day we visited the prison. I would not hare gone if I hud any idea of the tenible scenes which awaited me. The women's prison was comparatively decent and airy. They were chained by the legs, but could move about, and were busy at different kinds of work. Their children were with them. They them selves were clean : and as we left them some money, they were in great glee. It was different in the men's prison. In a large court-yard, some fifty or sixty gaunt and wild-looking creatures sat eating, gambling, and some of them working. They were chained at the legs, but their arms and hands were free. A more terrible and filthy crowd I never beheld. Most of them wore only kept for execution. At first, they allowed us to walk about, without apparently heeding us much ; but I had provided myself with strings of cash to give them : and as soon as they saw me take out the money, they made a rush at me. Legrand had warned me not to allow them to touch me as they had almost all terrible skin diseases. There was£bere* fore nothing for it but to lay about me with my stick, to keep them off; and throwing the money over their heads, they soon left us free in the scramble for the cash. In a dark cell, not far off, I found five poor creatures undergoing the most awful punishment re lined cruelty could devise. 1£ach had round his neck a board about four feet square, preventing his ever lying down or Testing his head. I was horrified to hear that this awful punishment is inflicted for com paratively slight delinquencies, such as theft. They are condemned to three months of this torture, and few survive it. One poor wretch was trying to rest with his body on the raised floor, the head dangling out in a miserable manner. They looked tired to death, and stared at us in amazement. When they saw money, they wanted to close up to us ; but their boards, of course, kept them at & distance from us. I left some money, and the gaoler promised to divide it equally among them. On leaving these unfor tunate people, I felt quite unmanned; but worse re mained behind, for in the yard through which we had to pass, a poor prisoner was at that moment giving up the ghost. That he might be ready to be carted away, they had put him in a basket, with his head and legs dangling out. I thought he was dead, for he was deadly white, with closed eyes, and his emaciated frame seemed motionless. The gaoler and prisoners however assured me that he was not dead yet, but would be shortly. J ust then, his eyes moved. No body seemed to care an atom for him. It was a cruel sight to see; but the prisoners strolled about, the gaolers smoked, and all went on as usual, while this poor soul WBB departing from a body kept ready for Instant removal.-. Chambers's Journal.' THE ARMLESS AKTIST.-Caesar Ducorent was born in Lille, France, January 13, 1806. Born as he was without arms, what was he do, even in this busy world I Bach foot had only four toes, but he early learned to use these to advantage. When very young, he could with ease throw a ball, cut with a knife, and draw lines on the floor with chalk, and could even cut figures on paper with his mother's scissors. He early became a good penman. From this he passed to draw ing, and naturally enough to painting, the wide space between his great toe and the next enabling him to grasp his brushes firmly. At the age of thirteen his progress astonished Watteau, professor at the school of design, Lille, who received him as a pupil. Only three years later he took the first prize for a Srawing of the human figure from nature. After this he pur sued his studies in Paris. He was of a lively tem perament, and when in conversation he became ani mated, he was in the habit of gesticulating with his legs, as other do with their arms. Some one JiaB de scribed a visit to his painting-room, which is interest ing :-"Across the whole extent of the canvas ran, with incredible agility, like a fly upon the wall, the stunted trunk of a man, surmounted by a noble head," with expansive brow and eye of fire; and wherever the apparition passed along the canvas, he left the traces of colour behind him. On approaching a few paces nearer, we were aware of a lofty but slender scaf folding in front of the canvas, up and down and across the steps and stages of which climbed, and crouched, and twisted-it is impossible to describe how-the shapeless being we had come to see. We saw then that he was deprived of arms, that he had no thighs, that his short legs were closely united to his body, and that each of his feet wanted a toe. By one of his feet he held a palette-by the other a pencil; in hiB mouth also he carried a large brush anda second pencil. And in all this harness he moved, and rolled, and writhed, and painted in a manner more than marvellous! A voice, musical, grave, and sonorous, saluting us by name, invited ns to be seated. Then the apparition glided down the whole length of the scaffold to the ground, advanced, or rather rolled, towards us, and with a bound established himself on the sofa at our side. We watched him with interest, and had a long conversation with him. He told us he had beeu bom without arms, and had been a painter ten years, and was now making money by his art. He used his feet with almost as much ease as people do their hands. He wrote his name with great rapidity and well, and told UB he shaved himself." A MODERN DESTROYER.-'With reference to the announcement in our last week's impression of a new method of attack Invented by Captain Ericsson, of the United States, we hear that a far more powerful system of attack, the invention of an Engineer officer of the Boyal Navy, is now under the consideration of the English "War Office authorities. Without enter ing into detail, it may be briefly stated that this sys tem of attack consists in the use of an elongated shell shaped self-propelling torpedo, containing a bursting charge of from 400 to 10,000 pounds of gunpowder, gun-cotton, or other explosive. It travels at, or 20 feet below, the surface of the water, as may be re quired, with a velocity of 140 to 500 or more feet per second, and will range in aqua from 700 to 1800yards ; and, paradoxical as it may appear, the striking velo city at extreme range may be double the initial velo city. Thus, this "destroyer" may be so constructed as to have an initial of, say, 300 feet per second, the speed may then fall to 100 feet or 200 feet per second, at which it may remain uniform for 10 or 20 seconds ; it may then increase in velocity of 500 or more feet per second, should snch increase be found to be desir able. The great advantage of this invention is that it can be as effectively used by the slowest as by the fast est vessels, or even by fixed forts and batteries facing the sea. The method of manufacture and mode of construction are for the present kept secret. The great objection to this invention is that it is abso lutely and irresistibly destructive, as the combined fleets of the whole world could be destroyed in an hour by Mr. Seed's ship " Devastation," now building at Portsmouth, if armed on the proposed system. ' Broad Arrow.' GAMBLING FOR A WIFE.-A very sad story is told by the ' Virginia (Nevada) Enterprise.' It seems that about nine months ago a man living in the northern part of that city went out into the eastern part of that State to seek his fortune in the new mines of that section, leaving his wife and one child in the town. About two months after his departure a shoemaker pursuaded this lady to take up her abode with him in a bouse which he furnished for her. The new pair lived happily together until the beginning of last month, when their happiness was somewhat clouded by the return of the husband. No little trouble en sued, but at last the shoemaker and the husband agreed to play a friendly game of cardB, "seven up," for the lady. The game came off and the husband won his wife back by "two points." Both the shoe maker and the wife were much affected by the result, but the game tad been fairly played, and the hus band claimed the stakes. Accordingly the ill-sorted couple left the town on Sunday evening by a fast freight waggon for California. When the waggon started there was quite a painful scene ; a crowd of nearly 100 people collected in North C-street, and the wife and the shoemaker wept copiously. The shoemaker, with tears in his eyes, informed the by standers that he had lost his treasure simply by not holding enough trumps, and asked some of them if they thought he would be arrested if he attempted to pull the woman out of the waggon. The crowd, who showed much good feeling, reminded him that he had lost her " on the square," and that it was his duty to bear it like a man. In the mean time, the waggon moved on, and was soon lost to sight, leaving the shoe maker in the most pitiable state of mental depression. MONEY.-Precious metals are older than history. Two thousand years before Christ, Abraham, the Chaldean shepherd, whose children have never lost their faith nor thrift, through a hundred and four teen generations, returned to Egypt, "very rich in cattle, in silver and gold." Afterwards, says the Biblical record, he bought the cave of Macphelah— where his bones were to rest beside those of Sarah, the wife of his youth-for "four hundred shekels of silver, current money with the merchant." The Catholic version has it "common current money." Heredotus asserts that coinage originated with the Lydians. The world's coins since have been like leaves of autumn. Most are extinct, but the British Museum preserves more than one hundred and twenty thousand varieties. The Paris collection is still greater, and is increased by two or three thou sand every year. The cabinet of the Philadelphia mint contains many antique specimens. Here are the self same coins which pious ancients placed between the cold lips of their dead to pay old Charon the ferriage over the Styx. Here are faces of rulers and captains down to our own day from Alexander of Macedon, and the mightiest Julius who bestrode the narrow world like a Colossus. THE SKELETON OF THE WRECK.-'While Sir Michael Seymour was in the command of the Ame thyst frigate, and was cruising in the Ba^ Biscay, the wreck of a merchant ship drove past. Her deck was j uat above water ; her lower mast still standing. Kot a soul could be seen on board ; but there was a cubhonse on deck, which had the appearance of having been recently patched with old canvas and tarpaulin, as if to afford shelter to some forlorn remnant of the crew. It blew at this time a strong gale; but Sir Michael, listening only to the dictates ef humanity, ordered the ship to be put about, and sent off a boat with instructions to board the wreck, and ascertain whether there was any being still surviving, whom the help of hi9 fellow man might save from the grasp of death. The boat rowed towards the drifting mass; and while struggling with the difficulty of getting through a high running sea close alongside, the crew shouting all the time as loud as they could, an object resembling in appearance a bundle of clothes was ob served to roll out of the cubbouse against the lee shrouds of the mast. With tbe end of the boathook they managed to get hold of it, and hauled it into the boat, when it proved to be the trunk of a man, bent head and knees together, and so wasted away as scarce to be felt within the ample clothes which had once fitted it in a state of life and strength. The boat's crew hastened back to the Amethyst with this mis erable remnant of mortality ; and so small was it in bulk that a lad fourteen years of age was able, with his own hands, to lift it into the ship. 'When placed on deck, it showed for the first time, to the astonish ment of all, signs of remaining life; it tried to move, and tbe next moment muttered in a low sepulchral tone, "there is another man." The instant those words were heard, Sir Michael ordered the boat to shove off again for the wreck. The sea having now become somewhat smoother, they succeeded this time in boarding the wreck; and on looking into the cub house, they found two other human bodies, wasted like the one they had saved to the very bones, but without the least spark of life remaining. They were sitting in a shrunk-up posture, a hand of one reach ing to the deck, as if to regain a bit of raw salt beef of the size of a walnut, which had dropped from its nerveless grasp. Unfortunate men! They had starved on their scanty store, till they had not strength re maining to lift the last morsel to their mouths ! The boat's crew having completed their melancholy sur vey, returned on board, where they found the atten tion of the ship's company engrossed by the efforts made to preserve the generous skeleton, who seemed to have had just life enough left to breathe the re membrance that there was still "another man," his companion in Buffering, to be saved. Captain Sey mour committed him to the spcclal charge of the sur geon, who spared no means which humanity or skill could suggest, to achieve the soble object of creating anew, as it were, a fellow creature, whom famine had stripped of almost every living energy. For three weeks he scarcely ever left his patient, giving him nourishment with his own hand every five or ten minutes; and at the end of three weeks more, the " skeleton of the wreck" was seen walking on the deck of the Amethyst; and to the surprise of all who re collected that he had been lifted into the ship by a cabin-boy, presented the stately figure of a man nearly six feet high! A BOMAKTIC STORY.-Some years ago the Parisian firm of X. and Y. was regarded as one of the richest and most honourable In the St. Denis quarter. The senior partner had full confidence in Y., and fre quently left him In sole charge of affairs when he him self was obliged by delicate health to be absent from Paris. In his visits to various watering-places, X. was always accompanied by his daughter, Amelie, a charming little girl of eight. In whom, since the death of his wife, tbe father was completely wrapped up. One day on his return to Paris from Vichy, he was greatly surprised to find the offices o! the firm closed, and in a few minutes discovered that his con fidential partner had absconded with all the avail able assets of the firm. M. X. possessed, It is true, an independent fortune of his own, but too honest to victimise the creditors of the firm by suffering it to be declared bankrupt, he himself paid off ail those whom his faithless partner had left in the lurch. This honourable conduct left him almost a beggar, and he was so broken down by his misfortunes, and by anxiety for the future welfare of hia child, tliat a short illness carried him off. The orphan child met jwith a kind friend in a former servant of her mother's, a brave and generous woman, who, hearing of Amelie's terrible bereavement and distress, insisted upon her sharing her own home, and such comforts as she could offer. But after a few years this kind protectress was herself taken away, and Mdlle X. was once more, when scarcely 15, thrown on the world. She had, however, a brave heart, and after some trouble obtained employment In a great millinery establish ment, supporting herself by her needle for three years. At the expiration of this time she was astonished by receiving a letter from a New York notary requesting her to come out immediately to take possession of a large fortune left to her by M. Y" her father's former partner, who, touched by remorse, had made a will on his deathbed in her favour. After consulting with her employer Amelie sailed for New York, and found that the fortune bequeathed to her was nearly double that of which she had originally been deprived, for tune having smiled upon the absconding partner, who had now made restitution. Returning to Paris, she invited her kind employer, and all her old compan ions, and everyone who had befriended her in adver sity, to a fete in honour of her happiness. This took place last Thursday at Clam&rt; amidst general re joicings from all those who had known and respected her father's integrity, and her own brave struggle with the world. A COUNTRY GENTLEMAN.-The amount of unpaid work, often anxious and tedious, performed by country gentlemen in the management of magistrates' and country business, police, roads, &c.;, in the supervision of poor-law boards, the prisons, hospitals, lunatic asy lums, and reformatories conscientiously looked after, the conduct of which can certainly bear a comparison with that of the same institutions in towns, gives them a local field circumscribed In extent, but very real in its sphere of usefulness. Even granting that there is some bad political economy and some "indifferent justice" to be found among them, stipendiary magis trates do not turn out always wise, statesmen have sometimes to undo the work of their predecessors, the master manufacturers are not supposed to be alto gether successful with their men. As a class the country gentleman has had the best education at school and college which the country has to give. He has generally travelled a good deal, and been able to compare both men and countries from without hia own, which rightly understood is a sort of education in iUelf; while that which constitutes the best train ing of all, the management of men, politically and socially, has been peculiarly his. "Whence come the treasures which furnish the walls of loan exhibitions and South Kensington portrait galleries but from our country houses, collected by generations of country gentlemen? The best libraries, the most beautiful collections of plants and shrubs, the curious antiqui ties so liberally shown, are theirs. From their ranks have sprang the leaden who fought our battles by land and sea for hundred! of years-such as Sydney, Raleigh, Marlborough, Wellesley, Clive, Howe, Anson, and the Napiers. And when the pnblic has required other service, Pym, Hampden, and Sir John Eliot came from thiB class; while In latter times, and for different needs, what were Pitt and Fox, Lord Derby, and Lord Palmers ton, but country gentlemen born and bred ? They will no longer have the same mono poly, of the conduct of the state. Other classes have come rightly " to the fore," and have both the educa tion and the energy to use their right, but the honour of England has'not suffered in the hands of what Mr. Gladstone calls " the leisure class"-theirs has been both a dignified and a useful life.-'Good Words." HORRORS OF "WAR.-Since the creation of the world fourteen thousand millions of human beings have fallen in the battles which man has waged against his fellow-creatures-man. If this amazing number of men were to hold each other by the hand at arm's length, they would extend ever fourteen millions, five hundred and eighty-three thousand, three hundred and sixty-three miles of ground, and would encircle the earth on which we dwell six hundred and eighty times! If we allow the weight of a man to be on an average one cwt. (this is below tbe mark), we shall come to the conclusion that six millions two hundred and fifty thousand tons of human flesh have been mangled, disfigured, gashed, and trampled underfoot. The calculation will appear more striking when we state, that if only the fore-fingers of every one of those fourteen thousand millions of beings were to be held in a straight line, they would reach more than six hundred thousand miles beyond the moon ; and that if a person were to undertake to count the number, allowing nineteen hours a day, and seven days in a week, at the rate of six thousand per hour, it would occupy that person three hundred and thirty-six years. And, awful is the consideration ! three hundred and fifty thousand pipes of human blood have been spilt in battles! "Who would not exclaim with Bishop Hall-" Give us the man who can devise how to save the troops of men from killing, his name shall have room in my calendar. There is more true honour in a civic garland for the preserving of one subject, than in a laurel for the victory over many enemies." The Turkish Government, we are informed, has just ordered a number of mitrailleuses. They are to be made in the United States, and the order is to be exe cuted with all despatch. I NUMERICAL PROPHECIES.-The French have a liking for a curious kind of prediction, or omen, involving the addition of numbers contained in dates, and connected with the lives of distinguished personages. For instance, Robespierre fell from power in 1791, and the first germ of the Napoleon era may be dated from the same year; add to 1791 the four component numbers, one, seven, nine, four, and ^ we come to 1S15, the year -when Napolppn'a power finally ended. Louis the Sixteenth ascended the throne in 1774; add 1774 to one, seven, seven, four, and they make 1793, the year when the ill fated monarch was executed. The great French Revolution began in 1780; add this to one, seven, eight, nine, and we arrive at the year 1614, when the exile to Elba put an end to the French con quests in Europe. The Bourbons were restored in 1S15 ; add to this date one, eight, one, five, and we hare the date 1830, when the Bourbons were once more expelled. Louis Philippe was bom in 1773, and came to the throne in 1S30 ; add 1630 to one, seven, seven, three, and we come to ISIS, the year of his expulsion. His queen, Arudlie, was bora in 1782; add 1830 to one, seven, eight, two, and we arrive in the same way at the precise year 1848. Once more that royal couple were married in 1609 ; add 1830 to one, eight, nought, nine, and here again crops up the fatal year 1S4S. It is impossible to say how many hundreds of royal and imperial dates would have to be examined before these seven strange coincidences could be found ; but we can scarcely wonder that a people fond of such numerical oddities should attach a sort of fatalism to dates. Early last year there was a good deal said on this subject in France arising out of the following collocation of figures. The present emperor, Napoleon the Third, was born In 1808,» and became emperor in 1S52; add 185*2 to one, eight, nought, eight, and you get 1809. Again, hi? empress, Eugenie, waB bom in 1820; add 1852 to one, eight, two, six, and there similarly arises the date 1809. Again, add 1852 to one, eight, five, three, and for a third time you arrive at 1SG9. "Therefore," it was thought by some, "1809 will witness the downfall of the empire." When the year passed over without any such catastrophe, the figures were manipulated a bit; the Prince President was not actually crowned emperor till 1853. Predic tions can often be made to accomodate themselves to ascertained facts by some such manipulation as this. Still, there can be no doubt that the dates here col lected are very singular ; they are odd coincidences, if not fulfilled predictions; and the world will pro bably see a good many more of them.-* All the Year Hound.' COMPARATIVE EFFICIENCY OF TEE PRUSSIANS AKD FitEj.cn AS SOLDIERS.-The correspondent of the * Daily News' says:-" As the result of my converse, tions with the wounded, I am convinced that the fight at AVeissenburg was a fair testof the troops engaged on both sides. The engagement was hottest and most sanguinary when the Geisburg was finally captured. The Germans ascended the hill under a heavy fire, just as the Guards ascended the heights at Alma. Sheer determination on the German side won the day. One regiment was nearly annihilated. The officers fell by scores, still the men pressed forward, and never paused till tbey attained their object. These are facts which cannot be gainsaid. 1 leave it to theorists to contend that the French ought to be the conquerors in this war. The tido may turn and the German army may be rolled back all along the line. But no one who has mixed with the officers and soldiers, has wit nessed the forces which are being massed along the frontier, appreciates the spirit which animates the army, a spirit which is but the reflex of that of the entire German people, can entertain any doubt as to the issue of this cruel war, or can help feeling grati fied at the prospect of the approaching 'downfall of the Napoleonic dynasty." DISCOVERY or A CAVE.-The North-Eastern Hall way Company are now forming a new lino between Gilling and Helmsley, which passes through the Caulk less spur of the Hamtyletons in a deep cutting, sear Stonegrave. Here, at a depth of nearly 30 ft., a large chamber in the oolite rock has been discovered. A man named Pinkney has been down into the cavern, which he found to contain water-worn pebbles and stalagmite. He says the chamber is as large as an ordinary room, and has three openings from it, into one of which he ventured as far as he could see, but hearing water and finding a sudden descent he re turned. At present the entrance is covered, but a full exploration will eventually be made. The care is on the same horizon as the famous Kirkdalo Cave. CHIGNONS AND TBEIU INHABITANTS.-An Italian paper mentions that at a recent lecture on the micros cope in one of the towns in Piedmont among " tho creeping and crawling things innumerable," magnified to a thousand dimensions on the white sheet, were some of those peculiar insects which are said to haunt chignons and dead hair generally. One of these in teresting creatures was presented to the gaze of hor ror-stricken ladies as large as a bug ; and in two haira from a chignon exhibited it was computed that at least one million were nidificating thereon. Two ladies screamed and a good many turned qualmish, at the idea of their back hair being so lively ; and more than one chignon wearer seemed mechanically in clined to feel if anything was wrong, orx in plpin Eng lish, to scratch her head. MB. SrcituEON ON THE WAR.- The 'Morning Ad vertiser' prints part of a speech on the war delivered by Mr. Spuigeon after laying the foundation-stone of « new Baptist chapel at Peckham :-" It makes mc sick at heart to find out the great seers have been telling us we are getting near the milennium. It seems to me tbey are something like the Irishman who could foresee backwards. I wish these kings of the earth would sometimes do their own fighting, instead of getting their soldiers to fight for them. It would not be a bad idea if Napoleon and the King of Prussia would come over to England and fight it out. I am quite sure the Police would wink at the matter, and for my own part I would be quite willing to hold their coats, and I would cheer each one on, and say, "Hit him hard; I think he deserves it!'" AFoil JX)VTE.-The other night a curious affair happened at a Paris Theatre. A young man belong ing to a veiy good family, who has been desperately in love with a fair actress, entered her box and de manded an explanation of her conduct. Her reply was, " Well, Jules, my explanation is that which you have had by letter-namely that we part for ever." Half fainting he fell back In his chair, but arose again with a scream wUch resounded throughout the house. He had eat upon the dagger, which had got out of its sheath, with the former of which he in tended to kill himBelf. Blood flowed and he was cured. The Glasgow detective police have been successful in discovering a house, kept by a man named Abra ham Freyd, where a very extensive trade has been done in altering the appearance of stolen watches, and sending them into the market again. In the shop were found thirty silver and five gold watches, which had been mora or less tampered with-having been re gilt, re-plated, or re- engraved, and had new numbers substituted for the original; and in the house of Freyd's brother-in-law two gold and five silver watches, similarly altered, were discovered. 