mt »üMty iWorctng ^eralïu THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1870. IN the Legitlative Council, yesterday, Mr. GoitDON presented a petition from bankers, merchants, and others, praying f«»r some legislation ta regulate sentences for criminal offences, in -view of recent alleged lenient and unequal terms of punish- ment awarded by criminal Courts in this colony. The Cemeteries Regulation Bill was cn the paper for a Eecond reading. Mr. OVEN moved the second reading, explaining that the intention of the Act was to substitute one set of trustees for each cemetery for separate Bets of trustées belonging to each denomination having a poriion of ground therein- that it was thought that such a BJ stem as proposed, which waa taken from English and Victorian precedent, would do away with much expense and inconvenience. Mr. C. CAMI'UELL opposed the bill, and moved that it bo read a second time this day six months. His chief objections were based on alleged interference by the pro\ i&ione; of the bill with the Church of England. Mr. GORDON opposed the bill QB uncalled for, as the present Kecropohs Bill worked well, and would have tjcen altogether satisfactory but for the intermeddling of the Go\einment and appointment of unnecessary officers. Mr. DAULBY supported the motion for the second reading, pointing out that this was a general measure, and not limited in its operation to the cemetery at Haslem Creek, and intimated the nature of amend- ments that he should piopose in committee. ' Mr. HOLT, Mr. J. CAMMELL, and Mr. RICHARDSON, spoke in opposition to the second reading, which was, however, supported by further speeches of Mr, DOCKER and Mr. HAY. The second reading was carried by a majority of 8 to 6, and the second reading made an order of the day for Wednesday next. The question as to the locale of the bust of the late John Blaxland was referred to the Standing Orders Committee, on the motion of Sir \V. M. MANKIND. ' Mr. A, CAMPBELL, in the absence of Mr. Towns, moved an address to the Governor praying for early steps to be taken for the erection of lighthouses on Seal Rock Point, and South Solitary. The motion was agreed to, and the House adjourned until Weane Bday next. IN the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, , Ministers, in answer to questions, said : That £20 had been given in June last for the repair of the ap proach to the Ashfield Station, on the western side of the line, and for the eastern side provision would be triade ; that the Government would sanction the ex- penditure by the trustees of the Rocky Point Road of the same amount na that received last year ; that the Government would lay on the table the report of the Inspector of Charities on the state of the Roman Catholic Orphan School; that from 1861 to the Î»resent year, the number of pupila at St. John's Col ege had been in each year, 4, 5, 3, 8, 9, 8, 8, 7, 6, 2, besides the two in the present year, there were six out-students ; and that the office of District Judge for the Western district was filled by Mr. Josephson, who was absent on leave without pay. Petitions were presented-by Mr. BUTLEU, from Archbishop Polding, against the Divorce Bill ¡ by Mr. CowrEit, from officers of the Civil service, on the subject of superannuation ; "by Mr. KINO, from resi- dents of Sydney, against the administration of the Crimtaal law ; and by Commander ONSLOW, from Hugh Maguire, praying relief. A bill to provide for the audit of public accounts was brought in by Mr. COWI- EK, and was read a first time. 'The petitions from Albury, from the Roman Catholic Bishop of Maitland, and iront the Roman j Catholic Bishop of Bathurst, were ordered to be ' printed. I On the motion of Mr. PIDDINGTON, a return of the | annual expenditure of the colony, from 1856 to 1869, was ordered to be laid on the table. A bill to appropriate the sum of £121,000 to the ser- vices of the various departments for the month of March was brought in and read a first time, The House went into Committee on the Legislative Council's amendments to the Gunpowder Ex- I port Bill, and came to a resolution disagreeing from those amendments. The House went into Committee to consider a reso Iuiion affirming the propriety of introducing a bill to provide for distillation from colonial produce. Mr. SAMUEL, in moving the resolution, atated the objects and main features of the bill. I Mr, PIDDINGTON taunted |the Treasurer with de- parting from the principles of free trade, of which he professed to be so strong an advocate. The bill cer- tainly offered a premium to the produe'ion of a colonial manufacture, and to that extent was a pro- tection, Mr. SAMUEL asserted that the article produced would certainly be an inferior one, and even if there were a protection to the extent of 2s. per gallon, that would not be sufficient to put the product on an equal footing with the imported article. The question of {tee trade and protection was in no way involved in the matter. The resolution was agreed to, and reported to the House, and the bul was brought in and read a first time. The House went into30oni_ittee of Supply to con- sider the Supplementary Estimates for 1869. After several minor votes had been agreed to, a vote for £306 12s. was moved to refund to Davis, Alexander, and Co. of Goulburn, tile amount of fine inflicted on them for a breach of the Gunpowder Act. Upon this there was some considerable discussion. Mr.' DBIVEB and Mr. PIDDINGTON urging that the remission could be justified on no grounds whatever, that iftheEe fines were refunded, the Government might lery fairly be called upon to refund every fine imposed upon ether persons, for like ofiences. Mr. SAMUEL urged that (the Government had put the' amount on the Estimates because they considered that Davis, Alexander, and Co. had been sufficiently punished by the loss of the gunpowder which had been seized. Sir JAMES MAKTIN "stated the cir- cumstances under which the seizure had been made ¡ a fire had occurred at Davis, Alexander, and Co.ls, and! Ibe presenoe of this powder in their stores had seriously .endangered the safety ot the city of Goul- burn,! there being over a ton and a half of powder stored in their establishment Mr, AMXA>-DB» urged that the parlies in question had been allowed to keep the powder for mwny years on their premises and only when he opposed the Government of the day WBB this firm made the objetit of persecution by the police. Mr. WILSON denied this assertion, as the Government had had nothing to da with the uurtter After some further debate, the vote was negatived bv 31 to 9. ' The next item on the estimate waa the Bum of £257 5s. 2d., for salary to Mr. Duncan, Collector o« Customs, from 21st December, 18C8, to Jannary 3rd 1809, the date of his restoration to office. ' Mr. DUIVBH wished for some explanation of this item. He could not see on what ground this »alary was demanded for Mr. Duncan. He moved the omis- sion of the item, Mr. SAMUIL explained that the amount had been put on the Estimates because there had been a very prevalent impression that Mr. Duncan had been improperly dismissed. Believing that to be the feeling of the House, the Government had placed this sum on the estimate for Mr. Duncan's salary during the time he had been improperly out of office. Sir JAMES MABTIN wanted to know why salary should be Riven to a gentleman who had not earned it. Ihe salary due to the oflice had been paid to Mr Berney, who had done the work, and it was not a* usual thing to pay two persons for doing the same thing. Mr. WILSON thought Mr. Duncan had been very properly dismissed, and on that ground could not consent to voting this Balnry. Mr. ROBERTSON defended the course taken by the Government in submitting this sum. If they had been wrong let them be punished, but let not that be made a cause for punishing Mr. Duncan. If this amount were not voted, it would imperil Mr. Duncan's claim to n petition in after years. Sir JASIFS MABTIN explained that his claim to pea Mon lind been specially saved in the minute of the L'xecutive Council. Mr. BiTLEii asked hon. members if there was to be no redress for injuries done by competent authority. If there were not, a vast umount of injustice would be ¿one. Mr. PARKES pointed out to the Committee that s new and important principle was now being intro- duced for the first time, and hon. members would now have to decide whether an officer dismissed by con- stitutional authority should, if reinstated in oflice, re- ceive paj ment of salary for the time he waa under dismibsal, Mr. KING thought all sides had been to blame in Mr. Duncan's matter, and therefore it would Da better to pay the money and have done with .the whola lung. Sir JAMES MARTIN remarked that that would be w eil enough if they w ere dealing with their own funds, but they were now disposing of the public funds, and tome difference must be made. Mr. Fis-iNGTOK considered the dismissal of Mr. Duncan an act of great severity, but thato'Rcer had certainly been guilty of so much insubordination that he was not entitled to claim his salary. Mr. M. U. STEPHEN could notvote for this amount, . for Mr. Duncan had not performed the duties of the office, whilst another had done so and had been paid fcr to doing. At the same time he did not desire that his vote should be regarded as a decision whether Mr. Duncan had been rightly dismissed or not. Mr. FLOOD entered very fully into the circum- stances of_Mr. Duncan's dismissal, defending that gentleman in the position he had taken up. Mr. Duncan had been removed by competent authority, but the Ministry which dismissed him had been also removed by competent authority, thus Bhowing that the House had not gone with them. Mr. PARKES admitted that if an injury had been done it ought to be ícdressed ¡ but redress could only come afier inquiry, and if inquiry were made in this case, he was sure that Mr, Duncan would never be found to be blameless. Mr. JENNINGS insisted that the Government which, had dismissed Mr, Duncan had been over and over again censured for what they had done, first by the House which turned them out of office, and afterwards by the public, which sent in a majority to oppose them. A wrong having been admittedly done, it ought to be redressed as fully as possible. Mr. FORSTER urged that as Mr. Duncan had bee restored to office by the Government strictly on the , ground that he had been wrongfully dismissed, that being so, that officer would be entitled to claim such a sum as he would have been entitled to had he been under suspension only. Mr. LLOYD felt that Mr, Duncan had been subjected to a course of very arbitrary treatment. He had been certainly guilty of insubordination, but he had at the same time received provocation sufficient to drive him to it. Mr. Duncan had been improperly dismissed, rd was entitled to claim this salary. Mr. HOSKINS believed that no official head of a department ought to disobey the orders of his political head, whether those orders were lawful or not. If an officer of the Government were to Bit in judgment upon the orders given him by hil . political chief, there would be an end to all subor dination in the Government service. He asked where was the proof of any injustice having been done to Mr. Duncan r So far from this being the case, Mr. Duncan had himself admitted in his apology that he bad sot conducted himself properly. Mr. BUTTER entered into a lengthy defence of Mr. Duncan, and reminded hon. members that that officer had sworn duties to perform under the law, and that subordination to his superior meant perjury. Mr. S. BROWN theught Mr. Duncan to blame in some respects though the punishment had been severe. He had been properly restored to office, bat his restoration did not justify this claim for arrears of salary, * After some remarks from Mr. ROBERTSON and Mr. SAMUEL, ; Mr. LEARY confessed that Mr. Duncan had been hardly treated, but refused on principle to vote for the money. Mr, FITZPATRICK thought Mr. Duucan had acted unadvisedly, but should vote for the amount as the offence had been condoned by the apology. Mr. DRIVER'S motion for omitting the item was carried by a majority of 28 to 22. (For printing £129 were voted ¡ £66 for the gun- powder magazine; and after some discussion with reference to £3690 balance claim for warlike stores, ££931 for stores and stationery were agreed to. For harbours £594 were voted ; for the Glebe Island Abattoir £189 ; and under the head mis- cellaneous £23,195. Amongst the items under the ' last head, there was considerable discussion, on the vote of £150 for a gratuity to the widow of Charles Brunstum, a Government boatman, who lost his life by the upsetting of a boat during a heavy squall. The amount was ultimately carried by 33 to 1. A motion for adjournment, moved by Mr. PID- DINGTON, waa, after a leng debate, lost by 26 to 13. Ihe following amounts were voted ¡-Commission to land agents, £2700 ; and survey of lands, £647. A motion for adjournment, moved by Mr. PID- DINGTON, was negatived by l8 to 13. On the vote of £900 for roads other than mam roads, a lengthy discussion arose on the vote for the road from Kelso to Tambaroora, but the sum was ultimately voted. The House resumed, and progress was reported. The House adjourned at a quarter to 2 until 3 o'clock this day ALL are tolerably well informed, by the aid of the Press, of the effects of drunkenness ia this city. Still, only a very small part of ita consequences is shown in those mournful details which crowd our columns. Many are the victims of which the public take no note. When men in a state of intoxication mount a spirited horse or walk into the water, or perform any of those perilous acts which none but drunkards will attempt, and BO perish-or when stimulated by drink they commit horrible crimes-we may see a paragraph detailing the fact. Of these indeed, we have had multitudes lately ; but the other consequences below the crust of society, which devour the life of the people, remain In an address delivered by District Judge FBANCIS, at Wagga Wagga, he tells u s what would be repeated by almost all, hu brethren. "Here again», said ¿e "nearly every caBe has its origin m that fearful .-Such lis the report made by all'«ur Judges from one year to another. Dr. BBMOOT, the chaplain of Hobart Town, alleged that hs had attended four hundred executions, and that nineteen out of twenty of these ended a course which began in drunkenness. But the m sshiet is !nbt felt only, ia the lower tanka of life. Intemperance has penetrated »every cirole, and darkened almost every considerable, household.. We are glad to see, .therefwe, 1 ; ' ' -'? t that there ia some stir in country places to promote a better regulation of the liquor trade, "od if possible, to check the course of in- temperance. "Until, in this respect," said Judge FBANCIS, "the morals of the country are changed, it is impossible to expect any re- duction in the list of crime." The great difficulty äas been to show what course legislation should take-in what way the liberty of enter- prise and enjoyment may be preserved, and at the same time society duly protected. The plan recommended by a large number of persons in England and the colony is a reduction of the number of the public-houses. ¡The question has been sufficiently discussed, ¡the pros and cons have been thoroughly sifted and taken into account, and a common opinion seems to be that, if the licensing «stem is worth a straw, a limit to this trade is also just and in harmony with the established course of English legislation, ïfc has been found that where any house obtained a license as a matter of course .without regard to the locality, or to the number already licensed, or to the character of the premises, or to the habits of the owner, that drunkenness in- creased in an enormous degree. The mode of conducting business, not only in new houses, but in those hitherto re- spectable, often underwent a disastrous change. The landloid, instead of being a respectable tradesman, supplying the wants of Ihe neighbourhood, became a " (outer " for all sorts of customers, keeping open his house to the very last moment, and by every possible enticement, attracting the classes of the population most liable to be drawn aside. It would indeed be curious to know what proportion of wages pass into the hands of the publican of this class, what connection there is between the pawnshop and the bar, what the sustenance of the family in comparison with the outlay for drink. We are not advocating teetotalism, so called, or any eevere theory of morals ; but we should be blind to all that is passing around, if we did not see the awful devastation produced by intemperance. The terrible lessons which are derived from the Press and the Bench are confirmed from the îeminiscences of every neigh- bourhood, however small it may be. Let any man recollect what he has known-the number who have been as surely killed by intemperance as if a murderer had taken a j knife and cut their throats-the number who have been beggared by intemperance in their estates, as if a robber had swept their habita- tion to the last remnant-the number who have lost their reason as certainly as any poison could have driven ihem mad-the number who have been made desolate in all the relations of life as surely as if the whole world had been their enemies and lad conspired for their destruction ; the number who have dropped from stations of usefulness and honour into contempt, and from being men of influence have become drivelling, tottering, idiotic fools. If experience did not reconcile us to things as thej are, we should feel these effects of intemperance as a blot upon our nation and age not to be endured. Our legislators aie employing themselves to enable, people to escape from the thralls of matrimony by a simple process, and they profess to do so in the interests .of women, to whom .our laws are said to be unequal. If'these sympathisers would turn towards the house of the drunkard, and to his wife and children, and see if law could impose a barrier to his onward road to destruction, they would be entitled to public gratitude. Why not pass a law which would enable the municipalities to take under their charge the decision of this question. We do not wish to entitle them to shut up any present places of business that are fit for it, according to the «Id standard of fitness, that is where a »house has been built specially for the trade; "but in _ all new licenses the question of necessity might fairly be decided by the <lir.ect votes of the population, or by the municipality, perhaps, subject to appeal. In time there would be a reduction of the number, but there ought also be a more effective regulation of those in existence. No state of society can support so many out of lhe profits of industry. The " poor man " has a right to go where he pleases, and at what times he thinks proper. Mo one wishes to restrict his liberty but it is not the business of society to authorise everywhere by its sanction or _ toleration establishments which are a nuisance and a danger. We are promoting education on a large »cale ; but do we consider in what way youth are employed after they leave school, or what kind of temptations beset them, or how far we. are responsible for stimulating those pas- sions by which so many are destroyed. TüENriKES are undoubtedly a great nuisance, but bad roads or no roads at all are a greater nuisance still. It is often dangerous to cross at a ford when there is a slight fresh in the river, 'and it is often impossible to cross even at a punt when the current is running strong. Drays have often been detained for days together, waiting an opportunity to cross a liver, and under those circumstances carriers and owners of goods clamour for im- proved communication, and declare their readiness to submit to any reason- able toll if there were only a bridge. The Government yields to the pres- sure, and builds a bridge, and then the toll is declared impolitic and vexatious. This eeems to be the regular routine through which our policy of Public Works passes. The work is advocated as reproductive till it is finished, and then the attempt to make it reproductive is voted a wrong. In the division on Mr. RYAN'S motion for abolishing the tolls on the Nepean bridge, the Opposition mustered strong in favour cf surrendering a revenue of £3000 a year; and there seems to be a dis- position on that side of the House to embarrass the Tn-Asira-R by refusing revenue and compelling expenditure. With such a disposition we have no sympathy ; but the bridge question, as it stands, is not free from embarrassment, simply because a uniform policy has not been, or cannot be, applied. If on all the bridges built with borrowed money lolls were being levied, and if no such bridges had been built, except where the tolls were I .worth levying, no complaint of favouritism could be made. But though the Government cannot be blamed, under present circum »tancea, for sticking to every scrap of revenue 1hat is fairly leviable, there are some weak joints in its defence. ' Of late years the Assembly has sanctioned ihe practice of borrowing money for road bridges. The old-fashioned bridges were too alight to withstand the floods. To make them ligh enough and substantial enough to be durable, it was necessary to go to considéra Ile expense, and, tip n.ough could not le spaied for this purpose out of the annual wad-vote, the only ie¡>ource was to borrow. The, Assembly was induced to sanction the principle on the assur- . ance that such works would be repro- ductive, and that the revenue from the tolls would be available for repairs, and for repaying the interest on the outlay. Some dozen of such bridges have been, or are now being built, and the improvement they have made in our inland transit is very great. But at this stage Parliament is asked to reconsider the policy of making these works reproductive, and the question is raised whether the bridges ought not to be made free. On some of them the Government is not pretending to levy tolls. At Pitnacree, in West Maitland, it is said that there are toll-bars _ on the main road in the immediate neigh- bourhood, and it is not thought proper to collect two tolls close together. But this argu- ment would equally have applied to the old punts which the bridges have superseded, and yet the punts were not free. At Cowra and at Warrabri tolls are not collected, because ex- cept when the rivers are in flood they are fordable. These bridges are only wanted for about two or three months in the year, and the traffic during that short peried would not pay the expense of keeping up a toll-gate. No toll is levied on the Bathurst bridge, because the Kelso bridge is so close. There are three great railway bridges on the line of the three main roads. At Menangle the rtilway bridge, which was very costly, was made ot double width, but the extra provision is at present tying waste, for a single line is all that the railway requires, and the other half is not used for a roadway, for there is a serviceable little bridge close by free from toll, and which is always available except at flood time. At Singleton there is a combined railway and road bridge, but no toll is charged because it would be useless to do so where the river is generally fordable. At Penrith there is also a combined railway and road bridge, but here the river is not fordable, and the traffic can be caught and made to pay a toll. Practically, therefore, the Govern- ment goes upon this principle-it levies the toll where it can get it, and goes without where it cannot. This is policy, and as such quite defensible; but to those who are under the screw it naturally seems to be a sort of differ- ential arrangement. Of course those who are made to pay have nothing absolutely inequit- able to complain about. They get a benefit, and they get it at a price at which it is well worth purchasing. They are far better off in having a bridge with a toll on it, than in having no bridge at all. If the bridge were a private speculation, they would probably pay far heavier tolls than are now levied, and if, instead of a budge, there were a punt, they would have to pay just as much with a certain loss of time, and the additional chance of being drowned. They are, there- fore, clear gainers by the action the Govern- ment has taken, and would not, if they could, revert to the stolus quo. But though they are better off than they were, they fire discontented if others are better off still. " Why should we pay," they say, " when others who have had just as much money spent for their convenience are allowed to go free ? Either tax all or release all." It should be borne in mind, however, that nearly all the arguments used in favour of abandoning tolls on bridges are equally appli cable to the abandonment of tolls on the main roods, in fact there is a stronger argument why bridges should be made a means of revenue than there is with respect to roads, because, in the case of the former, there is a debt to be extin- guished, and because there is always a risk of a heavy bill for repairs. . It was stated the other day in Parliament that the Dunmore bridge, which has only been erected a few years, was getting unsafe, and required atten- tion. If these repairs have to be effected out of a road-vote they are either an addi- tional charge on the revenue, or a deduction from the fund available for the improvement of the road. If every bridge, in addition to its first cost, is to be an annual charge on the revenue, their multiplica- tion will soon become a serious metter. It is obvious, therefore, that when fresh proposals for bridge-building, at the cost of the Loan Fund, are put before the House, rio weight can be attached to any promises that maybe made as to the collection of toll. One Government cannot bind its successor, and one Parliament cannot compel the next to continue its policy. I The moral of the whole debate obviously is, that the central Government should, as rapidly as possible, seek to rid itself of all responsibility for local works. That there will be some difficulty in carrying out such a policy of decentralisation there can be no doubt ; but whatever they may be they are less than the difficulties which will accumulate upon us if we are to continue the policy of making the general revenue bear the con- centrated burden of local improvements, - and if such improvements are to be determined, not by reference to any systematic, well-devised and equitable plan, but simply by the pertina- city and force of local representations. 'MEAT-PRESERVING COMPANY.-A preliminary meet- ing of persons elcairouB of establishing a meat-preserving company in Sydney, mot at tho rooms of the Agricultural Socioty on Tuesday afternoon, at 2 p.m., Mr. Edward Flood in tho chair. Among the gentleman present wera : -Messrs. J. B. Kundle, H. Hill, W. J. Buchanan, A. Bruce, C. A. Fraser, Vickery, Fallon, Morehead, P. Osborne, E. Hill, Elliott, J. B. Watt, Hon. J. Hay, P. G. King, P. N. Trebcck, Hon. Thomas Holt, W. H. Suttor, H. Beit, Watson, Christian, and A. Morris. It was re eolved, " That it is advisahlo to establish a meat-presorving company in Sydney, and in order to attain tho object, the following gentlemen bo appointed a provisional committee, with power to add to their number, five of whom to form a quorum, viz. :-Hon. J. Hay, E. Flood, J. B. Rundle, M'Culloch, J. B. Watt, W. H. Suttor, Watson, Hon. Thomas Holt, Hon. S. D. Gordon, G. King, J. Laokov, Vickery, J. De V. Lamb, C. A. Fraser, P. G. King, W. J. Buchanan^ B. Hill, Morehead, P. Osborne, and A. Morris." A Bub-committea was formed, consisting of: Hon. J. Hay, HOB. T. Holt, J. B. Watt, J. B. Hundió, K. Hill, and C. A. Fraser, to propare a prospectus, and report to tho Provisional Committee on Tuesday next, at 2 p.m. THE METROPOLITAN DISTRIOT COURT. - Wo havo bein requested to remind thoso of our readers who may bo suitors m tho Metropolitan District Court that this day (Thursday, tho 17th of March) is tho last day for entering plaints, and that tho ofllco will aloso, for such entries, at noon preoiaely. LAND AND PASTORAL ASSOCIATION.-The Provisional Committeo of thiB Association purpose, presenting thair report to tho promoters of tho movement to-day at Messrs j Rujnes, Trouve, and Co.'s rooms, ai 3 p.m. TuocommUtoo ' nro desirous that all persons interested in the movement I should givo their attendance, BB its success mainly de I pends upon (ho adoption of certain fixed principles which it is düf-irablo that thore should bo perfect unanimity upon. Tho adoption or amendment of tho report baootnos therefore ft most important matter, and, until it is offao'od, nothing further can bo dono in tho way of organisation. PRESET TERIAN CHURCH, PALMER, STREET. - Thero was a good attendance, yosterday ovonine, in the Palmor fcirecl Presbyterian Church, on tho occasion of a locturo by its precentor on " PsMmody nnd Congregational Sing- ing. ' Tho chair was uccupieu by Dr. Loibiuq. The fcubjctt, which v as vol] treated, was divided into throa diilerent heads,-the origin of muBic and singing ; what Ihcywcro compobed of; and »ho descriptions best suited for tho worship of God. Tho lecturer, whoso remarks woro attentively listened to, was applauded at iho termination of hiB discourse. A number of hymn and psalm tunas wera then satisfactorily sunr; by a juvenile choir, under tho direction of Mr. M'Oomiick. Sovorjl of thom woro sol-fu'd. After votes of thanks hnd ne»n accorded to the lecturer nnd ehninnnn, und thp bonodicticn pronouncd by. the Kov. J.'M'Gibbon, minuter of tho church, the pro- ceedings came ti a close, ' I ; MUBBAY V. PABKEB.-The Judges havo refused to dis- turb the verdiot for plaintiff (with £100 damagoa) in tho caso of Murray v. Parkes, heard at the last sittings. The action, it will bo remembered, waa ono of slander. A new trial was sought for upon the ground that one of the jurors who tried the case, had intimated dm mp; tho progross of (he trial, that ho bad " mado up his mind " adversely to the defendant. This the juror in question has denied, and after hearing the affidivits on both sides, and tho argu- ments thereon, thoir Honors havo arrived at the conclusion mentioned, and have discharged, with costs, tho rulo nisi for now trial. GLEBE ISLAND BAPTIST CHAPEL.-Tho annual toa and publio meeting of this place of worship was held last e\ ening. The chapel was tastefully decorated with mottoes, flowers, and foliage. Notwithstanding the unprepitious weather, a largo company sat down to toa. Tho toa tabloä having been romovod, Mr. T. B. Eolin took tho chair, and the proceedings of tho public meoting wero begun with einging and prayer, offered up by Mr. J. Langley. After a fow remarks from tho chairman, Mr. J. Stone prcEented a roport of the affairs of the chapel for the past twelvo months, which was of a somo what chequered nature. Ho stated that there were fifty three Children in the Sunday-school, with an average attendance of forty; and that thoro wero fifty children attending the day-school held in tho building. The monetary statement showed a balance of £32 to the credit of tho chapel ; but againBt this thero was an outstanding claim connected with the toa meeting. It was mentioned that Mr. Rolin had lent te the ohapol £100, the amount of tho debt, free of interest, for ono year ; and that only £30 of this amount having been .raised, ho hsd renewed tho loan upon the samo terms, On behalf of tho churoh, Mr. Stone thanked Mr. Holm ; and also Mr. Stowatt, who had rendered considerable assistance at a time when it was very acceptable and encouraging, Tho report was adopted, on the motion of Mr. J. J. Glasaop, socondod by Mr, J. Wills. The Revs. A. W. Webb and G. Shoppard, and Messrs. Druco and Langley afterwards addressed tbo meot- ing. A collection was made towards the liquidation of tho debt, which, with premises, amounted to £28. A voto of (bunks to tho ladieB for presiding at the toa tables having leen passed, tho meeting closed with the benediction. Bvinvoon.-The first anniversary of tho opening of the Congregational Church in this beautiful suburban district has just taken place. Sermons wero preached on Sunday last-in tho morning by tho liov. A. Machray, M.A, (Presbyterian), in the ovening by tho Rev. W. Kolynack (WcBloyon). On Tuesday ovening, affcor tea, &c.;, provided generously by tho ladies of the congregation, a public meeting iras field in tho church, presided over by Mr. John Fairfax. The history of the formation and progress of this Christian community was briefly stated by tho postor, the Rov. G. G. Howden, Between six and seven j ears ago that gentleman commencod his labours in a Email wopdon chapel, but that place was inconveniontly situated, and soon became unable to accommodato the hearers, An eligible piece of land, near the railway sta- tion, nnd.more centrally situated, was purchased, and after sumo delny from tho difficulty of raising sufficient funds, tho piesent chaste and elegant church was creeled, Tho treasurer, Mr. E. T. Penfold,,read the income and expendi- ture of the year for carrying on publio worship. The foirner £418 8s. Id., the latter showing a hillanco of £34 Ile. Uhat gentleman then read a statement of tho building fund. The coBt of tho erection and completion waB JC2¿70 17s. lid. Towards this sum £1570 17s. lid. hnd been poid, leaving a bnlunco of £700 yet to be roaliaed. A Euccesslul effort was then mado to subscribe £200, to b9 paid in three months. Tho meeting, which was highly respectable, although slightly affected by tho weather, was addressed, in addition to the chairman and the pastor, by tho llev. Meters.. LoiMiloy, Fraser, Sunderland, Kent, Roseby, JForsaitb, and Pearce. ST. PATBICK'S DAY PICNIC TO CLONTABI\\-Tho ar- rangements for tho picnic to Clontarf to-day, in celebration i of tbo patron saint of Ireland, are now completo ; tho com- mittee havo provided awnings, and tho pavilions erected on tho ground will afford abundant sholtor for the visitois should the weather bo incloment. Steamers leave at 8.30, 11,30, and a special one ut 1.15, for the convenience of those who may bo unablo lo attend earlier. Sir T. A. Mun ay will occupy tho ohair, supported byan influential ci niniittco of Irishmen, well known here for the important und i espectable position they occupy in the community. MUNICIPAL ELECTION : BOROUGH OF ALEXANDRIA. The polling for the election of an alderman of the Borough of Alexandria in the room of Mr, E. J. Hawksley, resigned, took place yesterday. Mr. Bryant, Mayor of the borough, and returning-officer, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, declared the following as the rough state of the poll : George Edward Wood, 51 ; John Osborne, 50 ; John Oates, 44; and David Ross Quinton, 8- showing a majority of one for the first named candidate. The return- ing-officer will make the official declaration to-day. CONDEMNED MEAT AND FISH.-The Inspector of NuisaneeB, j csterday, called the attention of tho Polica Mngistrato to eight tierces and iivo barrels of moat and sevtn barrels of lieh, found ty him at the stores of Mosers. Bradley and Co., exposed for sale, but not ticketed as unfit for the food of man, and which he had seizad. The Health-officer deposed that he had oxamined tho casks of meat and fish, and found them to bo stinking, rotten, and unfit for human food. Captain Scott orderod tho meat and the fish to bo destroyed. RVDAL.-On Monday evening last an entertainment was given in tha railway goods- shed in aid of the building fund of the Publie school at Rydal, of whioh a correspondent furnishes tho following account:-The attendance was much larger than was expected, the weather being very unfavourable. The stage was well fitted up, and the scenery excellent. . Tho programme consisted of scenes from " O'Callagban," songe, reading«, recitations, and an atteipicca entitled "Slim Jim." Mr. Goorge Rae, 03 O'Callnghan, gavo great satisfaction. The song "Noone to love' waB extremely well rendered by Mr. E. D. Dyson, of Sodwalls, as wero also "Thyvoicoisnear," "Meeting of the Wttteis," and "Beautiful Star," by Miss H. Stan bury and MÍES Polin, assisted by Mrs, J. G. Nins. Mr. Parkinson sang two comió songs, accompanied by the Masters Parkinson, in first-class stylo, and ehoited rounds of applause. " The Charge of the Light Brigade" wee recited by Mr. Rae, with good effeot; and George Neal, in reading " The first baby," provoked- roars of laughter. Mr. Kelly, as " Slim Jim, was really a "gocd nigger," and, as he afterwards remarked, made himself tidieulona to the beet of his ability. Messrs. M'IntoBh and Harkis, contractors for the railway buildings at Rydal, were enthusiastic in their endeavours to assist, and well merit the sincere thanks of the school eommitteo, as do also the ladies and gentlemen whe so kindly rendered their assistance. Considering the inclemency of the weather the affair was a decided success, and the proceeds will be a great help to the object for which it waB undertaken. THE REEOETED BUENING. or A SHIP orr CAI>E OTWAY.-It will fce recolleoted that a fow weeks ago a report was telegraphed to the effuot that two captains of vessels had seen the reflection of what they believed to be a burning vessel to tho south-east of Cape Otway ; it was, however, thought by some peiBons to be a fire on King's Island, and the latter supposition would appear to bo tho coirect one, as we learn from the Argus of Saturday that, dB Undine; in a measure to shed some light on the report, the subjoined information from Captain Leggett, ef tho cutter Alice Rostron, may not bo undeserving of attention. Captain Leggett, while at Apollo Bay, endeavouring to land cargo, was drivon by stress of weather to King's Island, and whilo there he communicated with the light- house keeper. The latter mentioned to Captain Leggett that during tho last two months there had been parties on tho island burning tho serub,|and keoping np frequent fires, for some purpose or another, and that ho had written to the Tasmanian Government, calling attontion to the ciroum stance. Captain Leggett states that ho has before now remonstrated with people on the .island for carrying on similar practices. ANOTIIEB GHOST.-The last ghost story comea from Rockhampton. The following particulars wera related to us (says the Northern Argus) by ono of the chief actors in tho scene, and the narrator appears to bo perfectly satisfied of the actual occurrence. It appears that the watchman, who takes under his especial supervision the William-slroet blocks, had his attention arrested about 12 o'clock at night, while on his beat, by the sight of a man dreBsed in black carrying a child's coffin on his shoulders, with which ho entered the cottage of a man whoso child was lying danger- ously ill. Tho watchman surprised that a burial was con- templated at that unusual hour followod tho coffin-bearer into tho house, and seoing no other ooonpantB, savo the man and his sick child, asked him why he chose that hour for tho interment, to which he made the reply of " Why, my child's isn't dead, thank God ! " But, said the watoh man, "Didn't I seo you bring ina coffin a few minutes ogo?" "No, certainly not!" waa the reply. "Well, then, I certainly followed you into tho house with one, I can Bwear!" However, tho man persisted in his denial that he had not been out of the houso at all, and had been watching the child tho whole evening and never loft it for a moment. Upon which the watchman left porfoolly satisfied ho had seen a ghost, and. believes so still. One Etrange feature in the matter is, that the child died tho following night. MANNING AND STEIOEB'S NEW MEAT-CUBING PBO CESB.-A sample of meat preserved under Manning and Stager's new process was tested by eoveral of our towns- men interested in the matter, at the Criterion Hotel, on the 7th instant. Tho meat, whioh consisted of rump steaks, after having been submitted to the severest test_ that of grilling-waa pronounced equal in flavour, tender- ness, and soundness, to tho best fiesh cut and cooked moat ever faBted. It must be borne in mind that the moat laboured under the disadvantage of tho judges knowing it to be preserved, and consequently somo amount of preju- dice had to be taken into calculation; notwithstanding which, not the slightest trace of chemical or preservativo agencies could be doteoted, and it was unanimously admitted lhat the success of the piocess was aa complete as could be desirod, Wo understand that under Manning and Steiger's process meat can bo succesifully cured and preserved in all seasons, an advantage over Manning's old system, which system con only bo used when tho temperature Is low. Messrs. Berklemon and Lambert, who havo securod tho patent for North Queensland, Intend shortly commencing operations, and eeem to entertain no doubt of its ultimate success. One great advantage arising from this procoss is, that tho meat can bo sold from tho butcher's blosk in London, as if it had just been cut from tho carcisi. If no foreign or chemical flavour was apppront on Monday's trial to those who sut in judgment on tho moat, and wero cognisant of its preservation, wo havo no reason to suppose the uninitiated public at homo wouH detect or suspect any. -northern Argus, Rockhampton, 9th March. TJMiFfinvFii Sale of Drapery. Ffrsl-c'aep Clothing, &o;" just landid.-VVe aro lcqucBtcd by CIIBB Moore and, Co. to direct otliMion to tin ir nbsolule salo of the allot o, to talto place at their Bale Boome, 107, P.tt-ílreot, this diy, commencing ut 1\ o'clook. >-^»V. i 