CjjitBinc flf ll'tb.?. On Monday evening, 12 th inst.ant, a large and inffncntial meeting of the friends of Mr. "XYeston, . projirietor of the Kiama Independent, took )laco at Iviani.a, to devise means to ji.ay off .all his legal costs caused by the hate action for libel, Fuller V, AVestoii, in tlie Siqiveme Court. Mr. Alderman Hindinarsh presided. Among those who very ably .addressed the meeting, and ex pressed their strong sympathy, were Messrs. Robert Miller, J.P., W. Fryer, J.P., Alderman Pike, John Black, J.P., .and A. Y.ates, Esquires. J ohn Stewart, .Esq. , has iiuhlishcd his address to the coiLstituents of Kiama. There is a strong feeling in his f.avour. Some of Mr. Gray's so- called friends are determined to opiiose him to Mr. Stewart. The disgraceful state of drunkenness, in which the lev. Father Slioa, Roman C.atliolic priest was found, last week in Sydney, and the subse quent fine and exposure at the Court-liouse, have caused great e.Kcitenicnt in the city. Mr. Edw.ard Bell, who, for the p.ast thirteen years lias filled the office of City Engineer, has tendered his resignation- Mr. Bradridge is acting in his )l.aco. The se.at of Mr. M. C. Stephen, for the electo rate of Canterbury, has been declared vacant, as that gentleman is .about visiting England. Mr. Wynne, of Sydney, will he noiiiiuatcd, having been promised powerful support. We believe ho -\vill ho opposed by Mr. Henson of Aslilield. The new Ministry were sworn in on the 16th instant. Twenty members took their scats 011 the Opiosition Beiielics, while only eight mem bers, including Mr. .Tohn Robertson, sat on the Ministerial side. The motion that Mr. Robert son should appeal to his constituents for re election, after a lengthy and warm debate, was carried. The total export of coal fvom Newcastle, for the week ending IGth December, 1870, w.as 18,430 tons. Mr. Baker li.as been returned for the Southern Gold-fields, by .an ovorwholiniiing majority. Edward Grant Ward, Esq., has been appointed Registrar-General and Charles John Muddle, Esq., Deputy Registrar ; Whillingdale Johnson, .Esq., is appointed Police Magistrate of Trunkey and Tuena, and Hugh Bridson, - Esq., Police Magistrate of Sofala. The brig Spec has been wrecked in Banks's Straits.. 'The crew escaped. A Chamber of Manufactures has been formed in Sydney. On .and after the first of January, 1871, the charge for the maintoiiance of any insane person in a lunatic asylum will he 25s. jier week, in stead of 2s. 2d. a day, .as formerly. . Messrs. J. G. O'Connor and James P. Garvan have been elected City Auditors for 1871. On the pass.age of the Morpeth, steamer, to Newcastle, on the 17tli inst.ant, a passenger named Lane jumped overboard and was drowned. The Rev. Thomas Smith on Ritualism. — The folio-wing is an extract from a puTdished sermon by the Rev. '.riiomaB Smith, of St. Bar nabas', Sydney, on Ritualism : — " I would warn you ag.ainst any confidence in mere ceremonial observances. Ritualism is a God-dislionouring system, it puts forms in the place of Christ, " exalts the painted Cross, hut degi-ades the Lord of Glory," rejoices in the tawdry decora tions of a miscalled alfnr more than in the Holy Ghost ; jilaces more deiieiidence uiou music .and paintings' than it does iqion jirayer and faith in Christ, tends to make souls sickly and iscnti- lueiital, is destructive of m.an's noblest feelings, exhausts the life of the Church in unseemly broils, mid its wealth in gaudy and idolatrous emhollishmcnts. It is 2'itiahle to hear men loudly talking about Apostolical succession, .and yet deiij'iiig the doctrine of the Apostles, sitting in the seat of the Reformers and traducing their teaching, seeking to assimilate the practices of a Protestant Cluirch to the errors ag.ainst -which she protests, and distinctly and fiagr.antly siiii- vertiug the teaching of the Book of Coinmon- Prayor 011 the Lord's .Siqiper, surrounding the Lord's table -with the mystery of an iindned Pagan superstition, and clev.atiiig ofliei.ating ministers into sacrificial in- iests." A Roland for an Oliver. — .Some few years ago, a Roman Catholic priest in Ballavat, who has. since been r morning .in a mixed Committee with several Protestant ministers. 'The jirevioiis night had been ai very stormy one, and among the casual ties, one of the Presbyterian Churches, M'liicli was of a very tempor.ary description, had suL fei-ed consider. able damage. Reference to this haraig been made ill a general conversation which jireceded the business of the. hoard, the priest, took occasion to remark, lialf playfully, "Ah, you see tli.at ours is the true .Church, it h.as stood the .storm, hut yours lias been battered and crushed like an old hat." "All, yes,"i-o- pliod the Presbyterian minister, " it is just as we say in Scotl.and.'J " The de'il aye takes eare 'jo' his aiii.", , . ' : A fire occurred on the premises of Mr. Joseph Collins, draper, in Kin-strcet, on Saturday night last, followed a few hours after by one of a most disastrous character in Huuter-stroet. Two hoys named Gre.aly -(cousins) were drowned at Goulburn, on .Sunday last, whUe bathing. 'i'lie Governor has st.arted upon a tour to Mel- houriio. 'J'he ease of Mr. G. B. Siittor, of -Parramatta, i!i3 lieen disposed of by his receiving from the jury a verdict of guilty. He has been sent to , goal for two ycai-s, with h.ard Labour. 'The House, .at its ' meeting oil Tuesday, was adjourned, 011 the motion of Mr. King, to the 24th January, 1870, to allow time for the Min isterial elections. Before this was iiut, Mr". Farnoll pointed out that Mr. C. Cowper, who . had been ap2)ointed Agent General on the fitli Decemher, was notifying in the GopernHiu/if Ga- zette,oa the Kith December, the aiipoiiitment of hi.s brother as Secretary to the London Exhi bition Coiiimissioners ! When i the motion for adjournment was iiut, Mr. Farnoll made a long statement of the part ho had taken in the for-- matiou of the Ministry. It npjiears that a. Large number in the House, who will form a strong Oiqiosition, are thoroughly diss.atisfied with the proceedings of the- two jiartio-s forming the coalition. 