SPIRITISM. ONE evening, last November, Mies Harriott Tackaberry of Ohio, gave a public »¿once at Irving Hall, Ol ve and, which was neatly arranged for the occa- sion. Mies Tackaberry is a young vornan, about twenty-eight years old, of modest appearance and medium height- Up to the present ^ hs n figured prominently in the spiritual world-or rather lier powers as a medium have not aa yet become sulh ciently known. For that reason, probably, the atten- dance was very limited, the majority being stern «abe lieveiP. In the centre of the hall a stand waa erected, upon which was placed a eibinet, wherein wis to take place the communion with the spirits of the other V MUB Thsckaberry was regularly introduced by a Mr. Thither, who stated that all questions tendered to her would be promptly answered by the spirits sum- moned. A committee of four was then appointed to see that no deception would be prac ned. vwtn commendable rapidity the four strong men tied tue lady's hands behind her back and, having sealed her mouth with adhesive plaster, Ehe took her seat in the cabinet, which, containing a guitar, a concer- tina and two bells, waa immediately closed. The ushers then proceeded to collect the questions, which, being read to the medium from outside, some 'interesting intelligence was elicited. A fiery gentleman, doubtless the worBt for the recent speculations in Wall-street, inquired what the price of New York Central would be the following day, to which a muffled voice, like that of an old man, replied that it would be the same as on the day preceding-a piece of information that created much laughter. The spirit was evidently not posted on stocks. Again, a young lady of prepos- sessing appearance-perhaps already jilted-was anxious to ascertain whether any marriages took place in the spirit world, and if 60 could any divorces be obtained. The voice from the sentry box announced the alarmine news that marriage was a favourite institution "there, and that divorces could be secured at a low figure. By the way it should be mentioned that no fewer than Eve Bpirits, were called up, each speaking with a d fferent voice. The humour and pleasant feeling displayed by the audi- ence seemed by some strange coincidence to have been thoroughly appreciated by the ghosts themselves, for in reply to witty interrogations they were fully equal to the occasion. No question was declined, and though the answers were not always intelligible or satisfactory, thc ready and jocular manner in which they were responded to created a favourable impression of the spirits, and the vast experience which they un doubtedly seemed to possess. After enlightening the audience" on several important subjects, such as the diet, clothes, anl general demeanour of thc spirits, "Ben," aa the witty goblin fre- quently called upon was familiarly termed, finally gave a song not unlike " Lanigan's Ball," though the words were not sufficiently recognisable. When the doors of the cabinet were thrown open the medium was discovered reclining upon a chair, appa rently in a trance, the adhesive plaster still covering her mouth. A member of the committee having pro- nounced everything " square," the cabinet was again closed, and the interlocutor outside on the pla'form having desired " Ben " to ring a bell, a slight tinkling was heard, the cabinet at the same time giving a lurch ae if struck by a blow of a bolster. The spirits were again summoned and answered several questions, though many growled at the replies. Subsequently, at the request of a pleasant-looking young man, one of the spirits gave a song entitled " Gypsy's Davy." which, to say the least, was a good rollicking air, and capitally rendered. Two voices Bang alter- nately, and the effect was highly relished. In responso to the request of the manager, who stated that the medium must now be almost exhausted, the seana was brought to a close, and on the cabinet again being opened Miss Tackaberry was seen still scated in the chair. Restoratives having been applied she awoke es if from a good sound doze, Bnd seemed surprised that her mouth should still be covered with the plaster. It was patent to all that if Miss Tackaberry were able to open her mouth while in the cabinet she is . unquestionably possessed of good ventriloquil powers, which mijht elsewhere be brought into good requis»*'"" Irvirg Hall again held high carnival on a sub- sequent evening. The earthy earthlyites who despise swhat is purely material and has a disagreeable sub tance about it met to bask in the spiritual light radiated from the inspired eoul of one Harriott Tack- aberry, who possesses the acute faculties which penetrate those mysteries mute to the inquiries of a Newton and a Faraday. By S o'clock, a very respectable audience gathered about the shrine erected in the centre of the hall. Upon an elevated platform was placed a watchman's crib, looking more like a emokehouBe than anything else, and this was called the cabinet. Owing to nervous excitement the medium did not make her appearance till half-past eight o'clock, when she was introduced by Mr. A. A. Faber, of 61 Broadway, merchant, who conducted the ¡¿ance in a very creditable manner. Attired in black alpaca, with a lace collar and modest toilet, the me- dium entered Pandora's box, with her mouth sealed by a large piece of sticking plaster, which effectually prevented her from uttering any articulate sound. The entertainment proceeded. Calls were mide for questions to be propounded, as the medium had gone into what waa termed a deep trance. The spirit "Ben," the huBband of the medium and a drowned sailor, monopolised the evening. The first question put to the atmospheric visitor was : " Will everybody be saved from final damnation i" Mariner: Yes; no one won't be lost finally. (And giving this reply in deep, gutteral tones, he announced that there WBB more hell on earth than in the Spirit Land.) Auditor : How de you account for the milk in the cocoanut ? (Laughter.) Mariner (greatly puzzled): Don't account for it at all ! Another: What is the matter with ti Bick gentle man in the audience ? ? . Mariner : He is love sick. (Roars of laughter.) Auditor : Have the spirits a government ? " Mariner : None, Auditor : Any sensations of heat or cold ? Mariner : None. The 6pirit life is more of a dream than like anything else. ' Gentleman: How do infidels fare in the other world ? Mariner: They live in doubt. Gentleman : What is the clothing of spirits ? Mariner : They ate clothed in atmospheric dra- pery. Excited Politician : Has there been a jubilee in hell over the democratic victory in this State ? (Sen- sation and consternation among the ghouls.) Mariner : That man has a hell within him. (Bx pression of mingled admiration.) Querist : How is Brigham Young and his wives ? Mariner: All right. If Brigham want* sixty wives, it's nobody's business, as long as he supports them. In reply to many other queries the ghost of the de- parted sailor said that Bpirits lived on spiritual aroma, that they never died and that they dwelt among their friends and in spheres adapted to their dispositions. The ghost sang several airs, nautical and sentimental, in bass and soprano, threw guitars and bells out of the window of the cabinet and did other things which produced consternation among the audience. The only peculiarity of the revplatUna was that grammar is disregarded in these easily accessible regions. After the talking and other noises Iud ceased the cabinet was taken to pieces and the medium, just as Bhe was tied by the committee, with her lips sealed, was with some difficulty aroused from her stupor and led down among her admirers. The audience departed delighted with the flattering pros- pect of the future state.- .Veiw York Herald. The child who cried for an hour one day last week did'nt get it. . . ANTIQUITY or BICYCLES.-There really is nothing new under the sun. The paddle- wheel for boats is seen on the Assyrian slabs, and in more than one old European fresco. The bicycle seems to have been known in China more than two centuries ago, and the velocipede WBB probably seen even before that in Europe. A contemporary states that among the nvCle v* painte<1 Slass in and about the once noble church of Stoke Pogie may be seen the représentation of a young fellow who is astride the mute but active horse. He is woiking his way along with the air of a rider who hna introduced a novelty, .ind is being looked at by admiring spectators. It is one of the most curious illustrations of ancient times in the painted gloss windows of this interesting church, 