DEATH OF MB. RICHARD TAT TEBSALL (FBOM THE LOKDOIf SPOKTIKO LITE.) Racing men of all ifenks will regret ta heir that Mr. Richard Tafctersall died on Tuesday morning, 3rd May, at bis residence, Beaufort gardens, Brompton, after a lingering illnan Ee had been ailing for along time, bat it waa not until about two months since that uqr serious misgivings were entertained by hs friends. Mr. Richard Tattereall (who was the aonior partner oi the Albert-gate firm, and great grandson of "Old Tat," the founder of the world-renowned concern), had taken the most prominent share of the public business of the firm for some time before his father's death in the summer of r58. The old man had been failing for a few years, and. forgot even quite familiar faces when he met them in die yard at Hyde-park-corner. His son was, like him, very much of the old school in his Ways-not so demonstrative and salient in the sate pulpit, but endowed with a certain grim, quiet humour which had no ta spice of l-n&ture; in it You never saw him thrown pffbia guard. His neat chaff and ietbrta whw> things wain flningjJmitafc tho niffilH sales at Hampton-court and elsewhere woe very pleasant to bear, and when he dropped oil to bis old schoolfellow and intimate friend, Mr. EL Hill (who was always ready with his answer), about Trumpeter or Ackworth, it was as good afi'a scene obt of4" Box ami Cox." He enjoyed a taca in bis own way not a little, thoogh he did not care to run bosses, and he was always to be seen in the bet&ng; rooma at races in the evening, but not dallying modi with the odds. The way ia which he incited Mr. Merry to make rhymes about his Derby chance the nigbt.be gaTe 900 guineas for the yearling Zambesi was a very amnsing Doncaater rooms bit. At borne he seldom missed a quiet game of billiards of an afternoon, and the seaside. Paris, and Baden-Baden jsaw a good deal" Of bins during the summer. He began early as vice" to his father's annual Derby dinner on the Monday before that race, and when the old man retired he carried on the the custom as long as he felt his health equal to it. ' There was no pleasanter host, and when a public dinner, with Admiral Rous in the chair, was given to him and his cowan Edmund on their removal to Albert-gate, no part of his speech was more enjoyed than his allusion to the old lease of " the Corner" as of a hundred years, bar one." In 1851 he first showed symptoms of breaking down, and had some fits during a Continental tour. His father started off to bring him home, and for Some months be was a complete Invalid, and was wheeled about in a Bath chair Up and down Sioane-street, looking the mere ghost of himself. He rallied, however, in a won derful way, but still bis father could never persuade himself that his son would not oot live him. His health, began tobreak again about 1866, a&d; his lriends sadly feared that* as the late Professor Wilson mournfully said, of himself, be " would die from the top. Hie suddenly lout confidence when he got np to Sell, and liked to have bis cousin close at band. They hardly thought that be would have got through his Doncaster work in 1866, the first year that a sale-field was used, bat be wanned up with the occasion, and p*e»" sided in his good old. style 'at one'of the two5 rings, which the firm was obliged to adopt that autumn. We believe that he never eoti a lot after that week, bat he would stOi drire his phaeton down to Hampton-court jpr Middle- park, enjoy the biddings from tluw more comfortable coign of vantage, and have a chat with a troop ©f old friends. Dunns die summer of last year he took a trip Scotland, and thought he caught a chill, and since then, with the exception of one or two carriage drives, he had riot left the bouse. The ultimate cause of his death was Bright'* disease. He was in bis 57th year, and Jeans a widow, but no children. Mr. Richard Tattereall having about three years axore tired from active participation intbebnsinea^ Mr. Edmund Tattereall took Mr. T.Pain into partnership, and these gentlemen will oaxxy on the firm. 