NÖTIGES OF RECENT COLONIAL PUBLICATIONS. ; " LEAVES PKOM AUSTRALIAN FOIIBBTB,',' BY HENUY _ KENDALL.-Wo confoBs oursolvoa grontly disappointed in Uicso poems. On opening tho work at tho dedication, wo felt oursolvos wnrrontod in oxpooting that tho ohaructor of tho poems would ho in keoping with tho good Bonso, mordy fooling, and cloar diction which porvndes thnt dedication. In this WO woro disappointed. Of tho forfcy-fivo pooms which oomposo tho volumo thoro aro not, a dozon worthy of hoing rohiinod in print. Thora aro soma bonutiful images and forcihlo expressions scnttorod tliroughout tho work ; hut thoy aro only to bo diB covorod hy pntiont and painful rosearen, oxcopt in Bomo hidf-dozon instances. Tho provailing stylo is oxtromoly vicious. Crudo, half-formed thoughts aro rudely thrust hoforo tho roador's gazo, and olothod in tho most fantastic and insufllciont garb of language. It is many yours sines wo rond our . Horaco, and our classical knowlcdgo gene- rally is somewhat ruBty ; hut on looking ovor our watory-oyod friend's lyrics at prosont wo And wo can translato( thom foster than Kondnll's. This should not bo. .''Porhnps somo of our readers can toll us what tho following moans :. Daughter of tho dcuid-rcd «ummcr>, men that laugh, and mon thit weep, Ofill tlio muilo-símil I follow,'oliooBO tliolr name, and tu . 1 andalcop? ?-<?' .-> '". '"?<?>> .?' ?<> ¡.''?i:xI What thou art, bohaM I I know .not, but; thy.,honey Bini and «lay«, Jlalf tho want which whitcna^mánhoód in tho stress of ' all clays. ' .. - ."? '? 1 ,:" ' - After -throe, ineffectual attempts',to''extract son meaning from thoso , wondrous passages, entailing Bovorohoadaoho on each occasion,,we ¡ had to give ,up in despair,! Tt.is buta step from üie., sublime ? tho, ridiculous, and Ivon dull, in his desire- to avo: anythings Uko ivulgnrity ..bf diction; runs into tl .worse oxtromo of elevation, -' carried to' obscurity not to absoluto nonsense Ono'would have oxpoote un imperishable delineation of a boautiful, passionat and haùghtj' woman from tho roan who wrote, Is sho a maldon, or.marblo ? or rather - A tigress at wait î i To pounces on the soul for her pastlmo . A Ioopard (or lovo or for nato. But thoso fow hdautiful .linoB aro enclosed in soven versea of tho morost drivel, in Which there is not ovo tho. ghost' of an idea to ho found. Again, in h 'fDonth in the Bush," whioh ' is a subject ono woid think congenial to tho . somowhat sombre tono c Kondall's mind, tho strongost point is tho picturo c a stoclnnnn throwing a hag of tea into tho lap of tl disconsolate widow. Wo növer road a poet in OVJ life who shows such an úttor absonco of intorest i tho concerns of mankind, or such a want of huma sympathios and affectioha. Thoro is in his works n lovo, no hato, no .joy, no sorrow, in tho sonso i which thoso feelings oro oxporienced or understood h tho groat bulk of mankind. Humour of th faintest kind ÍB totally nhBent from his poems, an apparently totally foreign to his 'nature. His; fort is description of inanimato nature in hor rudost an grandest phases. , ' Ho dolights in tho stonn-cappo summit, tho, Burf-tormontod shoro, and in tho mingle roar and wail bf sea and ?wind. His own powerful! vivid impressions of such Bights and sounds he cou imTro «a j>o>>,,mtnly nnrhnrm ««' tho pon of man ca convoy thom; and carnes nm maudra unreoioia.,B» with him in his boldest fights through " desporat tracts and furthermost space«." But hore his powc ooasos ; indeed ho sooms oaroloss about oxertingit i: any othor dirootion. Wo foar this dofect is radier and insuperable ; and that " Australia's poet " he not yet appoorod in print. Tho futuro poot o Australia may ohtuin some splendid hints froi Kondall, hut ho must ho ii man of moro intensen human fooling ; and ho must form a stylo tho anti thcBÎà ; of his-ho must OBchow tho cumbroo phraseology and awkward word-juggling which wi always rondor nino-tentha of Kendall's writing unintolligihlo, not to tho mnssos of English reader alono but to tho cultured; "THE GATES AJAII" ia tho title of an America novolro-issuodby Mr. GcorgoRohertson, of Molbourni It consists of speculations on a futuro stato indulge in hy two ladies of a religious turn, who havo los roBpeotivoly a dear brother and a loved hushanc Tho younger lady (Mary), who has lost her hrothc in tho war of the. Bocession of tho Southern Stntoi manifests a Bomowhat rohellious disposition toward tho decrees of Providence, and n dissatisfaction wit! its arrangements gonornllyy Shoontortainsamorhii disliko to tho consolation of her neighbours, am enters minutely into' an analysis of hor suffering and of tho motivos of her good-natured but some what rudo frionds hy whom sho is bored to death At last a truo consoler comes in the person of Aun Winifred, tho widow of a congregational rriinistei whom Bho recently buried,' and whom she lovci devotedly. Mary s description of Aunt Winifroi ia fominino . and charactoristic, Wo aro toh 'that " sho is still young, though sho has very gre; hair, and hor face is dooply furrowed with tho line of suffering," which, wo prosumo, is a dolicat paraphrase for wrinkles ; furthermore, "sho is some what .'irrcgiilnr in features, and sho is of ratho: dumpy-' proportions;" . notwithstanding, whioh "Raphaol would hove hailod her as i model for ono of his rapt Madonnas.' Aunt Winifred, however, hos extraordinary con vorsational powers, and is perfectly inexhaustible!01 the subjects of love, and of tho condition of tho saint in tho next .lifo. Upon tho latter topic she broaches somo novel, if ¿ot heterodox, theories, nnc is at issuo with tho mOBt ominent divines, from Arch- bishop Whntoloy down to hor neighbour anti pastor, tho Hov. Dr. Bland.. Ono of hor theories ii that tho first stage in tho noxt lifo is,-like thc present, ono of probation. As tho lino must bc drawn '1 somewhere,, howóver, 1 sho1 limits spiritual progress towards perfection to three stages. She ii ian admirer of triple ' arrangements' generally, an adopts Professor Buck's theory, that man if composed of a material body, a spiritual body, and £ soul. Death removes tho,"material hedy, and thc spirituid body and soul, ronrain togother till thc work ,of perfection is consummated, when thc spiritual body is also cast off and.'tho soul is left tc pursue. alono its glorious career. Wo aro not quite sure thnt wo understand - Aunt Winifred' hbro, and wo aro still moro uncortain as to whether sho under- stands herself. . "Hor expressions, however, worran! no other construction than wo have puti upon thom. But thoro, is nothing which so quickly degenerates into utterrot as theological "speculations." Tho best-balanced and most masculino minds find them- selves liowildorodi in tho regions of speculative thoology; hut woman, with hor daring imagination and uncertain -,Judgment, is thorb as tho merest fonthor, tossed; abolit by ovory breath of opinion and finding.r«st nowhoro. Notwithstanding : all thia thc book is readablo from beginning to ona. Hore is a specimen of thoso exquisito little vanities whioh make 'UB lovo tho dear.croaturos while woflaugh at them. Mary says : I Uko.to watch Aunt Winifred brushing her beautiful' gre; hair ; lt quito alters her tuco to bnve it down. " I rued to be proud of my hair whon a girl,',' sho Bald, with a slight blush, whon she «nw-I was looking at her : "if was all I had to be proud of, and I mado tho most of it Ah, woU 1 I was dnrk halred throo years ngo, when my husband died. , When I am in Heaven I slmllhavomyprottydarkhalrngaln." It seemed BO odd to hear lier say. that ; then tho noxt minute it did not seem odd at all, but tho most natural thing in the world. Tho latter part .of tho hook abounds in thoso doli cato and boautiful touches of nature whioh only a truo arid loving woman cnn give. . Of such nro tho nccounts of poor little CIO'B lovo advontirro ; Amini dah's awkivardnosa.nnd manly tenderness; - and pro orninontly of such is tho scono whoro tho brnvo and tender Aunt Winifred unfolds her socrot sufferings, from caneor bf tho breast, to tho astounded Mary. Wo cannot indulge our wish to give some of thoso exquisito passages in wliich tho last chapters ahound ; suffice it to say that thoy boar tho Btnmp of gonius,' and all must riso from tho perusal edified, if Baddoncd. " COMMUNICATIONS , FIIOH ANOTHEU WOULD." ThiB work ÍB morely a reprint also, from Mr. Robertson, of Molboirrne, of ono previously pub- lished in the Unitod States, under , tho titlo of "Planchotto or tho1 Despair of Science". It'is a ooUection of tho most noticoablo so- called facts of modorn spiritualism, illustrated by references to tho superstitious holiofs . of mankind in all ages und countries, ' and' oomparod with tho '. theories of scientific matorial philosophers ns to tho production of tho phenomena of spiritualism. In tone tho work is vulgarly lind .offensively polemical throughout. Tho compiler Booms to hnvo taken it for granted that tho soiontifio world is in longuo to put down Bpiritunlism hy any moons, fair p- .^"t ami no lusiios out norcoiy ngainsc tno BCiontino world ac- cordingly. With such quarrels wo have nothing to do ; and it would answor no useful purpóso to follow tho author through tho long list of spiritual manifestations which ho adducoa. It will "bo sufliciont to say that tho groat majority of his instances aro of an oxtromoly truxnpory chnriicter; and that' tho Davenport Bro thors, Mr. Homo, and Mr., Eostor, who .aro woll known to, tho world as spiritual niedhuns, and in connection with some very mundane trickery, oro adducod as tho most gifted nnd1 trustworthy,, oxpononts. of tho > mysteries of another world. In viow of tho ovidonco fürhishod hy thoso modiums against th'omsolvos, it1 is not sur-' prising that tho majority of thinking minds Beout their pretensions, when ; it is horno in mind that nearly all tho proceedings of spiritualists aro initiatod in a darkonoa room and aro characterised hy tho most grotesque and. frivolous, displays, tho most thoughtless might vory woll revolt from tho conblu aion thoy aro asked to uocopt. Adiiuttinsr that thoro is somothing unaccountable in many of tho mani- festations; of spiritualists, it is no moro than wo aro compollou to do ?? in regard to tho iiorformancoB ? of conjurors, ' jugglers, and brtuno - tailors, who distinctly ropudiato spiritual agoney j in tho production, of' thoir astound- ing trioles. 1 Nothing tho ; spiritualist can do excols,' nor indcod oqúals¿m nppnront violation of tho laws of nature, tho font of tho Indian juggler, who, in tho most puhlio thoroughfnro' and in midday, will out, off tho hoad of a cook and stick it on again flvo minutes afterwards, when tho hird will walk away; clapping his winga and crowing lustily. To como nenror homo, wo hod in tho porson of JIÍBS ''Hayden Hollpr displays of olairvöyaneo which might woll bo considered supernatural, hut'whiuh woro distinctly repudiated , as ;:SüoIiMhy : hen brother, / Mr. .Robort1 Hollar.. Tho inference from all 'thiB is, to the majority of; thinking' mon, sufficiently . obvious. In answer to tho charge of frivolity irrgocl against spiritual manifestations in general, wo oro told that spirits in tho othor world aro just as ignorant and stupid as thoy woro in tho flesh. This is all yory woll, , of coiuse ; but wo should havo expected some- thing hotter from tho spirit of Benjamin Franklin than that ho should hnvo pnssed two or throo hours of. his valuable tuno in, hfting tables and blowing trumpets for tho delectation of a half dozen elderly ludios and gontlomen. "Whon spiritualists have been asked to produco their manifestations in daylight and in a public hall, boforo a body of scientific mon, and to ropoat thoso manifestations whon roquircd, thoy havo replied that tho production of spiritual phenomena does not rest with thom, hut with tho spirits, and thoso do not choose to make thoir disclosures in such a manner. This is very like begging tho question. Somo believe electricity to bo nt tho bottom of all thoso manifestations; and it is not unlikely that spiritualists in pursuing a I monstrous chimera aro paving tho way for discovorios ? scarcely less wonderful in their material rosults than the rabid imaginings of credulous enthusiasts. 