THE RENTS OF MINING LEASES. ballarat courier. The opposition of the Beechworth Mining Board to a, reduction of lease rents seems to be" a matter of wittles" after all. Th'oydi-ead ' that their pecupation'will be gone if the greater portion of the auriferous territory in the Ovens district should come -to be token up under leases instead of miners' rights. As the Ovens and Murray Advertiser aptly puts it, " their " craft is in daDger, nnd the cry now is, great - "are the boards and the works which they. " have accomplished." . Boiled down from a bombastic half column of semi-legal jargon, their reasons for objecting to a reduction from twenty to five shillings a-year rent per acre, are briefly as follow :— Because of the arbi trary power of the Minister of Mines, waiver of labor coveuants is not only winked at but encouraged, so that leaseholders can occupy for merely.' speculative purposes large areas at the nominal expense of £1 per acre. If holdei s of leases were' amenable to local courts of jus tice in- the same way as occupiers of ground by virtue of miners' rights, much of the laud now being shepherded would be honestly worked. If five shillings- instead of a pound per acre were charged for lease rents without proper provision being made for the due observance . of the lease covenants, tho reduction would not appreciably affect the companies which do fulfil them, while (here we mii3t quote in fuil the vigorous language of the framer o£ the re port, who must, like another celebrity, have graduated on the' Nation), it "would -un- " doubtedly largely benefit that clamorous "class the shepherds of leases, and promoters "of bubble mining companies and "mining " swindles generally, to whose systematic kna- " very is due the prevailing want of confidence " aud consequent depression in ininiug indur- " try." The last reason — save the mark — against- any reduction is, that from July, 181'8, to February, 1869, 10,727 acres were applied for under the leasing regulations, out of which only 100 acres were taken up aud rent paid thereon ; and that since then 2,100 acres had been shepherded for as long as twelve months, at a nominal cost, viz., a deposit of £15. _ It is difficult to argue seriously or with pa tience upon such a report as the above. But as the protest of the Beechworth Mining Board will make a very convenient handle for the crafty Secretary of Mines, and the Minis ter of the Department continues to be too " bmy writing" to come to Ballarat and see things with his own eyes, we will do violence to our feelings, and in the calmest manner manner possible show the rank absurdity pf the propositions submitted. Should we sub sequently somewhat violate the proprieties, as Count Shucksen (ne Chucks) did ia conclud ing a most polite remonstrance with the waiter by calling him " a napkin-carrying, shil ling- seeking, up and down stairs son of a ," we can only plead excessive provocation, and throw ourselves upon the mercy of the court. To answer the objections then in order. Be- causo the Government has neglected to pro- vide adequate machinery for enforcing the fulfilment of mining lease covenants, and ir regularities take place, therefore the rent should not be reduced. This is the argument of the Beechworth Mining Board. Was ever such nonsense put into print ! As if it were the lessee's: fault, whether the rent be five shillings or five pounds as it used to be, that Mr Brough Smyth has issued an nkase, ami forgotten to appoint an executive. The Miniug Board calls the charge a " nominal expenss of £1 per acre." They would find it a remark ably " nominal " rent if they had to prospect seven or eight hundred acres for ten or a dozen years, with not sufficient returns to pay for firewood. The rents paid by the Kneebone, the Great Extended, the Wellington, and the Golden Lake Companies, have been particu larly nominal, so nominal that one of the companies has beeri'wonnd up, and none of the others are in a. flourishing condition. Bal larat has actually, been supplying El Dorado with money, arid employing the local popula tion for the past twelvemonths, and this is th9 return. This is the gratitude of a lot of fifty pounds a-year seeking— but the ghost of Cour t Shucksen rises, and we proceed to the next reason. .The board says, if leaseholders were made amenable to local courts of justice, there would be 'an end of shepherding. Well, so say we, and so we have uniformly contended. Bat what has that point to do with a reduc tion of lease rents ? As well minlit the Beech- worth bakers say to their customers, if you send your children to school in'Melbourne, bread shall be half-a-crown a loaf.. The third objection is answered in our reply to the first, all but the " hifalutin" part, which but to quote is to refute. The fourth (and last) . clause of this famous protest is the very acme of absurdity. It funounts to this, that out of . 40,727 acres applied for, only 400 were taken up. Was ever engineer so " hoist with his - ' own petard ? " Had the rent been five shil lings instead of a pound, the chances are im mensely in favor of many thousands of acres having been taken up instead of a few hun dreds. Why, an " alarmina sacrifice " sloD- seller would tell that sapient Mining Board that if he advertised 40,000 caps and bonnets at at a shilling each instead of four shillings, he would have a better chance of getting rid of his stock. Altogether, the Beechworth objec tions to a lease rent reduction are as frivolous .as they are impertinent so frivolous aud im pertinent indeed that the sooner the Mining Board institution is consigned to oblivion the better it will be for the iniuinginterest. -But' for the broad views entertained by the'Balla- - rat -Mining Board, and the /many excellent suggestions they have made to successive Go vernments we should longs since have coin cided with Mr Bi-ough.Smyrh in his denre to sweep away an lncu.ubrauce and an auachvo- msin. The Maryborough Mining Board, we are informed by telegram, have also set their intelligent countenauces against any reduc tion. , Let us hope that such near neighbors have not been guilty of tho folly of giving their reasons-— even upon compulsion.- -We wish we hid. space for. the whole of Qie Ovens Adver tiser's logical article on the lease rent ques, tion, 1 