THE COUNCIL OF THE VATICAN. Some are attracted to the Council of the Vatican by the majesty of its ceremonial and attendant circumstances. But our mind is fixed upon it as on a solemn crisis in the history of the human family. We are in a time of crisis, nofc of financial or political, but of spiritual and eternal interest. Epochs of spiritual crisis have formed part of God's extraordinary providence in His dealings with mankind from the beginning until now. Noe and Moses and lsaias and the prophets uttered words of solemn warning and of infallible truth. Those were times when men's ruin or salvation was accomplished ac cordingly a3 they rebelled against or submitted to the voice of God. When the Son of God came, He was set up 'for- the fall and for the rise' j that is to say the manifestation ot his birth became the occasion of the eternal bliss and of the eternal woe of innumerable men. The Saviour was a sign to be con tradicted. In his teaching there were periods of crisis to mankind, as when He taught them His divinity, when He instituted Baptism, when He promised to become their Lr-nl, when He abased Himself by suffering, when Ho rose and appeared to His disciples. Each of the occasions were so many crises ; some fell av/a}', and others were confirmed in their faith, His teaching was ' for the fall and for the rise.' God has never ceased to spook fco the world. He spoke infallibly to the world by the prophets . He then spoke to the world by His own Son ; and that Son speaks to the world to the end of time. In what manner ? By the Church which He founded and adopted as a mystical body. In this body Ho dwells, and through the mouth of this mystical body, visible and present to the nations, meu are as infallibly taught truth, and error is as surely condemned j-s when they lis tened, as they thought, to the words of tlie ' Son of the Carpenter.' The General Council is but the gathering of this body of Christ iuto one place in order that some of the doctrines of the Gospel of truth may be be more distinctly heard. Such a gathering, therefore, is necessa rily and inevitably for the fall and for the rise of many. We are assisting at a period of crisis. Coun cils meet but seldom— eighteen in as many cen turies. They meet to condemn errors, to defend revealed truths that have been denied, to orga nize and reform internal discipline. Every Council has added, not to the truth, but to the certainty with which thy u-ui.ii is held. Some of the truths that Our Lord revealed were at the moment of their revelation' a trial and a sifting of men's hearts and consciences : and many of the definitions of the Church upon doctrines long since revealed have. put the world again to the trial. Only the ' humble of heart' are safe. The humble and faithful disciples are raised up, sustained, and saved : the humble anxious, conscientious inquirers in perplexity and doubt, are enlightened and gathered into the home of truth ; the proud of heart, and the obstinate unbelievers, fall further away from truth and from salvation. This has been the history of every Council ; and it will be the his tory of tho Council of ths Vatican. Thus the first Council defined that Christ was born, not made, of the substance of the Father ; the second, that the Holy Ghost was not a creature, but God ; the third, that Mary is truly the Mother of God ; the seventh, that the images of Christ, of the B. Virgin, and of the Saints are to be retained and held in veneration ; the Council of Florence defined the doctrine of Purgatory, of the 'Filioque,' and of the authority of the Pope and Trent defined the revelations as to the doc- trine of Original Sin, Justification, and the Sacraments. All these Councils were set for the fall of many ;— for neither the Arians, nor the Macedonians, nor the Nestorians, nor the Icono clasts, nor the Greeks at Florence, nor the Pro testants at Trent, submitted with faith and hu mility to these infallible oracles, but smit ten by the Divine condemnation, they have all crumbled to pieces ; whereas it has constantly happened that the elements in dissolution have returned, sometimes long after wards, to the truth. On the other hand — those detained in error through ignorance and misfor tune, provided they were tumble, in good faith arid conscientious, have been continually brought to the truth and to salvation through the uner ring condemnation and declaration of General Councils. This, too, is an effect chat we look for from the Council of the Vatican. What are the errors that the Council of the Vatican will have to confront? Not the doctrinal heresies of the 16th century : for these have passed away. They have re solved themselves into Rationalism and the negation of all Divine or infallible authority. The Protestants of the 16th century rejected the infallible teaching of the Church for the infallible teaching of the Bible ; they have now cast out the infallibility of the Bible, and admit no infallible teaching whatever. France, Belgium, Switzerland, Italy, Spain, and Portugal are divided into Catholics and Infidels. Germany is honeycombed with Rationalism : the United States have surpassed all other nations in the rejection of the super- natural : England, where it is not turning to wards the Church, is settling into naturalism and Paganism without a mythology. One of our leading journals declares that any form of dogmatic religion is opposed to civilisation ; another calls Christianity in question ; a third maintains that religious belief is a matter of mere taste and expediency. Governments in like manner have everywhere divorced them selves from the Church, and are guided by the merest Pagan motives of expediency in all their religious appointments. The most religious Premier of the century in this country, if we ex cept perhaps Lord Aberdeen, has just found it necessary either to make sacrifice of his personal religious convictions at the altar of popular ex pediency, or else to announce nis conversion to the Rationalism of the day. The characteristic errors of the day are ap parent — the rejection of infallible authority, and the substitution of Naturalism for the doctrine of Revelation. The Council will point out the opposite truths with steady and unerring hand. Whether it will condemn each separately, or whether it will proclaim the infallible authority of the Pontiff to condemn them when teaching ex cathedra, we know not. This will be as it shall ' seem good to the Holy Ghost.' But this is certain, Rationalism dreads noth ing more than a definition of the Papal Infalli bility. All errors would be condemned under this one definition. All errors, therefore, com bine to protest against it. Nay, more than this, both heretics and rationalists from an instinct of self- preservation and from a sense of kindred at once extend a hand of friendship to those few Catholics who have ventured to argue against the definition. Threads of the dominant Rationalism and of the hatred of authority bind together in our common interest the little school of Liberalistic Catholics and the declared enemies of the Church and of Revelation. Thus Dr. Dollinger, Janus, Mgr. Marat, Mgr Dupan loup, and the Corrcspondant have been welcomed by the open foes of the Church throughout the world. Only this week the Globe urged that 'Mgr Marat's works ought to be read by all Protestants, because they 'strengthen Protes tant doctrines.' Whether this doctrine will be actually defined is a question of opportuneness upon which every Catholic joyfully and confidently awaits the de cision of the Council. Strengthened it must be, denied or weakened it can never be. It is a teaching of the Church for which millions of Ca tholics would gladly lay down their lives. When it is attacked in the press, we shall define it in the press. These are nob days when religious interests are confined to the- chapel and the clois ter. The errors of Janus and of Dr. Dollinger have received a wide circulation, and we intend to return to them. As to the teaching of theolo gians, we need only refer to an extract elsewhere, taken from a Pastoral by the Archbishop of Westminster. And as to the belief of bhe Bishops of the Church, we may measure it from the report of the Roman correspondent of the Daily Telegraph, who says that ' No doubt can reasonably be entertained with respect to the nature of tho vote that would be recorded by every Roman Catholic Bishop taking part in the Council, were the momentous question of Papal Infallibility submitted to their Lordships for a plain verdict of Yes or No. . . . If infalli bility is brought to the test of Episcopal votes, you may be perfectly certain that it will be es tablished or confirmed almost unanimously.' Let the decisions of the Council be what they may, of this every Catholic is convinced, that a great grace is offered, to mankind, and that the word of God now going forth to the ends of the earth will not return to Him void. Breakfast. — ISiu's s Uoooa. — ukateful and Comforting. — The very agreeable character of this preparation baa rendered it a general favour ite. Tne Civil Sarvi.ce Gazette remarks : — 'The singular succer.s which Mr. Epps attained by his homoeopathic preparation of cocoa has never been surpassed by any .experimentalist. By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition, and by a careful application of the fine proj er ties of well selected cocoa, Mr. Epps has \ ro vided our breakfast tables with a delicately tirvoured beverage which may saye us man} heavy doctors bills.' . Made simply with boil ing water or milk. Sold by the Trade only in £-tt-. ; &-R-.; au^.| 1— Ib- tin lined packets, labelJeu — James Epjps i ant?. Co. ; Homoeopathic Cheinl ts, London. ? 