MISCELLANEOUS. Alive in a Dead-House. — The San Francisco Aha California gives an account of the experi ence of a German who was supposed to have died in that city, and whose body was immediately removed and placed in the deac3 -house attached to the hospital in which he had been under treat ment : — " The body was deposited in a case where two other bodies had already been placed, and between them. The cover was put on, and the keeper of the dead-house retired for the night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of the most unearthly character was heard in the dead-house. The keeper of the dead-house was sought after, but being aware of what he was required to do. he sought concealment, preferring to let the ghosts fight it out amongst themselves rather than attempt to become peacemaker. When at last he was prevailed upon to proceed to the dead-house and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, whose life had been a few hours previously pronounced extinct, and who had been dressed in the robes of the dead, stood before him. The keeper fainted outright, while the terrified German rushed headlong through the long halls and corridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as he went. Some more courageous than the rest caught and arrested him in his frantic career, but the next . instant the poor German fell on the floor in a fit. The physician was sent for, and restoratives used by which he was restored to consciousness. Bow he felt when he returned to consciousness we give as he told it himself : — ' Veil, ven I got sick and vas in bed that day the doctor came to me and said I vas very sick. He vent away, and after he vent I fell asleep. I knew nothing more till I voke in the night, and there was no light. I put out my hand, and I could get no bed clothes, for I vas cold. I den put my hand to vone side to try far the bed-clothes, and, och, vat you ting I got — vy a ded man ! Dere he vos, cold enough sure. I roared wid all the power I had, and vos going avay by the other side, ven, sure, I put my hand on another. Then I roared, and called out all I could, and ven I was getting up my head struck a board that was covering me. i Oh,' said I, ' vot doe this mean, vere am I ? Am I ded ?' and I roared and bawled, and threw off the cover, and jumped about as if I vas mad. And I knocked at the door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would open it for me, and I thought I vas ded myself. I vas not shure. I had the ded man's dress on me. At last the door opened, and veil I looked at the man vat opened it he fell down wid fear, and I ran till I vas caught. Then I fainted, and ven I come to myself I thought it was a dream. But it is as true as I am here." Value of Vegetables.— Now, what the limejuice is to sailors, so are the potash plants, such as potatoes, turnips, carrots, asparagus, cabbage, &cM; to us on land. Without these potash plants, we should be liable to scurvy or similar diseases. Potatoes do not contain so much nutriment, nor so much starch, as wheat flour or many other substances, but they contain this potash. If we were to discard potatoes and similar plants, and eat nothing but bread, we should, undoubtedly, suffer in our health ; because, though bread contains a large quantity of nitrogenous matter, of strach and of phosphates, yet it is deficient in potasl h.- -Food Journal. 