THE WESTON_ MINSTRELS. The Ethiopians who have taken possession of the Theatre Royal were fairly attended on Monday night, when they submitted a programme which ought to draw crowds if Adelaide has not become utterly phlegmatic. One new. and hopeful incident was the appearance of His Excellency and Lady Edith in the viceregal box. The rest of the dress cn-cle still looked bare, but the more popular parts of the House fully redeemed that drawback. It will be admitted that it needs some genius to make people merry on these warm nights; but the Weston Minstrels have an unlimited supply of that capability, and it is associated with no small degree of true tenderness, ko one m Adelaide has ever seen a professedly comic entertainment so free from anvthing morally objectionable, er so highlv leavened with refined sentiment. On Monday night, especially, the sentimental songs were of a pathetic and even devotional character. In this- line, the tenor Mr Hermann, and the baritone, Mr. CampI bell, are acquiring a peculiar distinction. The former rendered "Do they think of me at home?" with very great sweetness and expression. His voice is improving in flexibility and power since his first visit to Adelaide, and he is now, both as vocalist and instrumentalist a valuable member of the Weston Troupe. Mr. Campbell, though a comparative stranger, is also making rapid progress in public favour His descriptive song, "The Village Blackl smith," was given with full justice to the graphic picture as well as to the impressive melody. It is the best thing he has done yet, and augurs many future successes. Mr. Ackland produced a similar impression by his " Letter in the Candle," which, if not quite so effective, was also promising. Mr." Emery though not gifted with equal quality of voice to his comrades, and consequently not so successful in solos, is an important agent in the choruses. Of the real minstrels—Hussey, Kelly and Holly—all that need be said is that their boundless versatility becomes more manifest in every performance. On Monday night the jbkes were, without exception, new, and most of them far better than the first set. They represent a revival of the almost obsolete art of talking nonsense. Hussey is unapproachable in the ingenuous kind of wit which simulates ignorance. Kelly's, on the other hand, is satirical. His description of a fashionable dinner was thoroughly Yankee in the absurdity which he veiled its satire. Fancy a man calling a waiter to take a plate of chicken soup to the kitchen, and make the chicken wade through it two or three times to give it a flavour. This is the kind of Transat&nticism; which Anglo-Saxons best enjoy, as it is most distinct from their own class of humour. Another unique thing was the burlesque on the Band of the 14th Regiment, executed by two drums and a cornet in Old Virginny style. It need hardly be said that the dsmning maintadns both its superiority and its popularity. He Golden Shoe Dance was encored, as usual; but "the oppressive heat had to be taken as an excuse for not repeating it. The gods no doubt think it a great misfortune that Messrs. Kelly and Holly's endurance is not equal to their own. These marvellous displays of rhythmic agility could be witnessed for a month, if performers could be got whose muscles were equal to the fatigue. As the weather cools, Messrs. Kelly and Holly may be able to compensate us for the encore which yesterday they were obliged to deny us. The farce of " A Ghost in a Pawnshop" was neither very spectral nor very funny. It answers, however, to compose the audience after "Tobias andBiancus," which makes more ribs ache every time it is performed. The Westons have been long enough here to warrant us in pronouncing their entertainment the best of its kind which Adelaide has had an opportunity of seeing. Some people express a lingering preference for Harry Leslie and the Original Christies, but fully as many more _ declare the other way. It is not our function to decide on such a delicate question of art. This much we can say, that whether it were the Westons or the Original Christy Minstrels who had possession of the stage, there ought to be better audiences in front. 