" THE MISEBABLE OLD BLASPHEMER." ' Mr.. Buchanan has a knack for speak ing plainly. "We question whether any Other member in the House could have chosen such compact terms to express, fug thoughts, had he racked his brains :for, a month. The utterance was per- fectly impromptu in tlio case of Mr Buchanan. Having recently returned from a visit to Europe, he did wbat the Hon. Thomas Holt did, give his opinion about the Pope. He had been to Bomc, f»ut he had not entered it with the same poetic (Byronic) feelings as Mr. Holt. HO had looked, however, carefully about Iiim. He had studied public questions -sn.r the light ot the infallible father. And, since leaving the " Holy Land" of Hpmisli superstition, he had carefully considered that wondrous " mystery of iniquity," in connection with the claims land, doings of the the Council now meet ing in St. Peter's at Eome. Unlike Mr. Holt he felt deeply. He had not got a blessing," but he had seen the curse. -He had not bowed before the "benevo lent old man," but he had studied his \- lineaments in the light of history. And, putting all things together which he saw and heard, a country in rags, a church in splendour, a priesthood rolling in grandeur and indolence, and a people degraded in ignorance and superstition, thig is the gathering up of his deep in dignation at an imposture so established and yet so infamous — " The miserable eld blasphemer. ' ' Every word tells. " 1 he." The Pope is alone. Emphatically, he stands at the head of his class. " Miserable ." Xn all . his grandeur he is not very happy. The getting ready of St. Peter's for the Council, gave . him amusement for a Utile while. It took him frcm the Milliard table, 1o which he is very devoted as a very excellent player. It .made him smoke a great many cigars, a>f which he seems to be very fond. But Jfhe work once done the misery began. His ambition had a lofty object before it. He was cruelly perplexed as to what might be the conduct of his Bishops when they should assemble in the Halls which be had so anxiously prepared for ihem. His craft, guided and sustained by Master — Jesuits made careful . preparations that the Bishops might be kept within proper control. Secret voles he passed to restrict the liberty of wpecch. Laws he ordained to prevent i&oYree; offering of propositions. And vsnany were his counsels, that the .Fathers" should behave themselves with proper submission . to the Holy -rice. But all this J caution indicated -iiar. Nay, it indicated . doubt which would, make even a Pope miserable. ?« groat grondeqr and pomp he opened 4iis Council. ; It was aa a god he walked, a»r «ru carried in state. His Toice from his throne was the voice of .aigod.and not of a man. . His Jesuit, devoters gave a khoiit, which was answered by Hie booming of a few 100 pounders. But still, amid all that pomp and Popish grandeur there was that peculiar misery which only an ambitious. Pope . can feel, when he thinks that hut iu a few minutes more he may bo pronounced " infallible " or only a man— may be offered to the worship: of a wondering world, as an incarnate God, or may he made the scorn and laughter of all his people, not only as a domin- ionless king, but ds a bodiless Pope ! Miserable he is : and the last mail is a wonderful commentary on the nom enclature of Mr. Buchanan — " the Pope is truly miserable, because his bishops wont declare him infallible "! " Old." Yes, old enough to have learned wisdom, but also old enough to have become doited and infatuated through the se ductions of Satan in the working of his masterpiece ! And, then, " Blasphemer." No other word could suit the case. A blasphemer is one who offers insult to the Deity. And if the Pope is not one who does this, then no other being does, not even the devil iu perdition. He sets himself up to be -God on earth. He suffered himself to dc called " Lord God." He receives from men religious homage. He affects to have tho keys of hell and heaven. He dards to consign all to perdition who will not submit to him. He dareB to set aside the law of God and the Gospel of Christ, and to command obedience to a gospel of his own. He dares to set upa church to be stronger thau Heaven, and to sefcjup a woman'to be more mighty than Christ. Is not this blasphemy ? Is not he who does this a blasphemer? Is not the Pope who does this the chief of blasphemers? His whole position and claim is blasphemy. He does not open his mouth except in blasphemy. He lives in an atmosphere of blasphemy. His&hair; and his church are one huge blasphemy. And yet one blasphemy morehe wishes to addtoall the rest, and craftily he has been working for years past to hare it consummated, viz., to have it decreed, as the teaching of the Holy Ghost, that he himself is in fallible ! What shall be said of the claim which he puts forth, that he is" the sole depositary of eternal truth?" What shall be said of the blasphemy which he suffers from his flatterers, " The Son of God ?" The Times in remarking on the following expressions, calls them "pro fanities" — " When the Pope thinks it is God who thinks in him." " The church of God is made in the semblance of tho Trinity. As the Father begot the Son, and the Holy Ghost proceeds from the Father and the Son, so<(the Pope begets the Bishops, and from the Pope and the Bishops proceeds the Holy Ghost!" These are the current expressions of tho editors of Jesuit papers which are wholly dovoted to the interests of the Pope, and advocate the dogma of his "Infallibility." But why tamely call these "profanities?" Are they not something more? Is the word blasphemy too strong for them ? And is ho who tolerates them, and receives them as incense anything at all in the estimate of truth but a "miserable old blasphe mer?" No doubt, our House of Assembly was greatly shocked when this emphatic description fell upon its ears. Several members sprang to their feet as if a thunderbolt had fallen amongst them. But why were they startled ? Had they never heard the truth before? Had they never thought of the matter before? Probably so. But it is now time that they began to think. . Not a single one of them will dispute the admirable cor rectness of the description. Not a single one of them will attempt to abate from the charge. Of course, the Pope's band will deny it altogether. The wonder is that they did not, when they heard the language, fall upon their knees, and utter their "Ave Maria !" But they are of no aceount in such a matter. The worship pers of Baal did not like the language of the Prophet Elijah— Call aloud perhaps heis asleep — perhaps he is hunting — call aloud; for you knowlxe is a God !" It was mockery. But it -was _ right that it should be spoken, and it was right that they should hear. If it be now said that the language of Mr. Buchanan was not " becoming," or not in ' good, taste,' ' the answer is, ' so much the worse for the taste." If the world is. not fit to, hear the truth, nor to hear a r spade, called a spade, go much the, worse for these who are 'V thO world," for they love to be de ceived, and they .believe a lie! 