PROROGATION OF PARLIAMENT. His Excellency the Governor will attend the Legislative Council to prorogue the fifth session of the fourth Parliament, this afternoon, at three o'clock. The usual Guard of Honor will be furnished by the Hobart Town division of the Volunteer Force, and a detachment of the Volunteer Artillery will give the salute from the battery. The Council will sit at a quarter to three, and the Assembly stands adjourued till three o'clock. The business on the list for either House is but trifling. "THE TASMANIAN INDEPENDENT." - We havo received No. 10, vol. 1, of this monthly organ of the Independent body of religionists. An article written by the Rev. William Law, of Launceston, respecting the late Mr. Hopkins will be read with interest. We subjoin the con- cluding paragraph :-.' Shadows oome over us as we write this notice, It is now nineteen years since the good ship John Williams cast anchor in the beautiful bay.of Hobart Town on her second voyage to the South Sea Islands The first to step on board to welcome the missionary party was the Rev. F. Miller, the next Mr. Hopkins, and the third Mr. Win. Rout : all are gone, and many besides who voyaged in the Bhip. In company with Mr. Hopkins, the Rev. R. Fletcher, and the Rev. J. L. Poore, the writer was present at the South Australian Conference in 1859 ; these honoured brethren have passed away, as have many others who gave us a hearty welcome. ' The fathers, where are they ? and the prophets, do they live for ever V The best of ali is, wo know where to find" them again." There is another article by the same writer on the late John Crookes, Esq., and the reprint matter from European contemporaries is well selected. Among the items of local intelligence is a notice of the presentation of an address to Mr. John Rothwell, Secretary to the FreeMethodist Church, Murray street, " in acknowledgment of the valuable services he lias rendered to the cauBe for a series of yoars, In promoting the interests of the church, and especially the erection of the commodious place of worship in Murray-street, opened early in the present year. The address (which has been beautifully engrossed on vellum by Mr. J. W. Langley, of the Survey-office) was handed to Mr. Rothwell at the quarterly church meeting, on Wodnesday, September 28th, by the Rev. R. Miller, in the name and on behalf of the subscribers. The recipient who was taken completely unawares, delivered an affecting and suitable reply." HIGH-STREET WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY.-A tea and public meeting in connection with the anniversary of this Sunday School was given last evening. The tea, which was provided by Mr. Haywood, was partaken of by upwards* of one hundred persons. The substantial part of the evenings programme having been discussed to the satisfaction of all concerned, a public meeting was held. The Rev. Hans Mack, the superintendent minister of the Hobart Town circuit, occupied the chair, and opened the meeting by read- ing a brief statistical paper, which showed that the nnmber of Sabbath Schools in connec- tion with British Methodism was 5,448 ; teachers and officers, 105,592 ; scholars, 662,589. The rev. gentleman alluded to the number of the teachers and scholars who were members of tho church, and congratulated the meeting at the very satisfactory increase noticeable in that par- ticular. Mr. Samuel Mather, the superin- tendent of the school, followed,and spoke of tho gratification they experienced at seeing their old andboloved minister, the Rev. J. Hutchison, amongst them. During the twenty years that the speaker hod been superintendent of the High-street Behool, nearly 3000 scholars had passed through it, and there were at present 272 scholars and l8 teachers attending the school. He felt the importance of tile task entrusted to him, and desired the prayers of God's people on his behalf. The chairman here apologised for his colleague (the Rev. J. Graham) not addressing the meeting, and said that he was suffering from severe indisposition. The Rev. James Hutchison said, as he had delivered two sermons in that church the day previous, he supposed he would be let off with a short speech, which supposition, however, seemed only to be entertained by the reverend gentleman. Mr. Hutchison then spoke of the officers of the High-street School, and said that the secret of the success attending the school was its having fallen into good hands. He hoped it would go on and prosper. The meeting was also addressed by Messrs. Pollard, Shoobridge, and others, whose remarks bore principally on the advan- tages of a Sabbath School training. The choir rendered some well selected pieces of music during the evening in a very creditable manner, and the proceedings were brought to a conclusion by tho pronouncing of the benediction. A PAIR OF RUNAWAYS.-Yesterday afternoon, about three o'clock, a sudden excitement was created at the " Devil's Walk" by several voices shouting " a bolter ! a bolter !" while drivers rushed to their cabs, and drove them hurriedly off the stand. Presently the gathering crowd gave way ; and a dashing grey mare, with lean neck and glaring eye, came at full gallop round the turn with a lady on her back, evidently much distressed after a long ride, and hard holding ; while her head was hatless, and her raven hair, intertwined with a stray scarlet ribbon, floated, like Absalom's, in the breeze. "Havo confidence, have confidence ! Hold hard, miss, and keop the reins tight !" exclaimed a bare headed little grocer who was never in a saddle in his life, as the grey bounded past with her fair rider, panting and breathless as the mare strode on. Luckily a carriage stood in the way opposite Mr. Flexmore's, and this caused the Arab to turn in to Mr. Isaac's side entrance, which hap- pened to bo open at the time. Soon afterwards a pretty hat and blazing feather were brought into the yard by another fair rider, who had faithfully followed her runaway friend; and after a good cry and a glass of water, kindly tendered by the learned master of the mansion, all was well again, and the pair cantered merrily home along the curling road that leads to Brown's River. ACOIOENT AT BRIDGEWATER.- A man named Daniel Brooks, aged 41 years, was brought to the hospital yesterday morning suffering from severe bruises on the legs. The man, who was in the employ of Mr. Win. Jude, of Tunbridge, was driving a waggon along the bridge at Bridge- water, when the horses slued, and jammed him between the waggon and the side of the bridge. I On examination at the hospital, the man's left leg was found tobe severely^ bruised, so muoh so that he remains iii the institute under the care of Dr. Bright. CHAPMAN'S WONDERS. - The " Wizard of Wizards," whose repertoire of novelties is in- exhaustible, announces another sories, by special request, of four entertainments, the first of which will be given at the Mechanics' Institute this evening. Several surprising novelties are promised, among which a man sealed up in a sackful of ghosts, the startling Indian rapier trick, and the cabalistic watch. THE THEATRE ROYAL.-There was a per- formance last night at the Theatre Royal for the benefit of Mrs. and Miss Harvard, but no ticket in forwarded to this office. PUBLIC SEA BATHS.-A requisition numer- ously signed, having been presented to his Worship the Mayor, desiring him to convene a meeting of the citizens for the purpose of con- sidering the best means of providing suitable accommodation at tho Queen's Domain for sea- bathing purposes, His Worship, in compliance with the prayer of the requisitionists, has con- vened a meeting to be held in the Town Hall, on Wednesday evening, at half-past 7 o'clock. GROUND AT THE REAR OF THE TOWN HALL. At the meeting of the City Council yesterday, reference was mode to the necessity of enclosing the waste piece of ground at the rear of the Town Hall, to which we have recently called attention. The Council acknowledged that the work ought to be done, and tliat it ought to have priority of the contemplated alteration to effect a separate entrance to the Public Library. It was stated that, but for the unfortunate illness of the City Surveyor, who is absent on sick leave, the matter would have been attended to ere now. PROTECTION TO LIFE AT FIRES.-A progress report was brought up at the Council yesterday by the Public Works Committee, recommending the procuring of six sets of ladders to be used at fires, and to be placed in different parts of the city, with a view to facilitate the preserva- tion of life in case of need. The recommenda- tion was unanimously adopted. METALLING STREETS.-The Municipal Council has sanctioned the metalling of five or six streets in the city, which will be at once an important street improvement, and afford employment to a number of men, who would be otherwise destitute of work. MAKTINCASH.-Thesensational autobiography of this notorious bushranger is now in the press, and will shortly be published. THE SOMERSETSHIRE.-This favourite steamer of Messrs. Money Wigram & Co.'s Blackwall line arrived at Melbourne yesterday, having made the trip from London in sixty days. Among the passengers by the Somersetshire are Mr. and Mrs. P. 0. Fysh and family, Mr. Arnold, baker, Liverpool-street, and several other Tasmanian colonists. THE STEAM LAUNCH ENTERPRISE.-This new ' steam launch, a description of which we pub- | lished a few days ago, lias now been placed on the ferry between Kangaroo Point and Hobart Town. The Enterprise is announced to make nine trips each way daily, commencing at eight o'clock in the morning, returning on her last trip from Hobart Town at six in the evening. SOUTHERN TASMANIAN PROSPECTING ASSOCIA- TION. - A meeting . of the directors of the above company was held at the Company's Office, Elizabeth-street, yesterday afternoon. The Bill to encourage the Exploration for Minerals in the Waste Lands of Tasmania having passed both branches of the Legislature, the directors resolved that Mr. Arabin's ex- ploring party, which arrived here recently by the barque Bella Vista, should be immediately despatched on an exploring tour. We under- stand they will leave town to-morrow, all the necessary preparations having been already completed. TULLOCHGORUM ALLUVIAL COMPANY. - A meeting of the Shareholders in the Tullochgorum Alluvial Gold Mining Company has been con- vened to be held at No. 4 Elizabeth-street, on Thursday next, at half-past four o'clock, for the purpose of considering the advisability of wind- ing up. THE GOLD-FIELDS.-We take the following from the Cornwall Chronicle :-Mr. Thomas, accompanied by Mr. Newman, paid a visit to Back Creek on Saturday, and they are the bearers of thesatisfactory intelligence that the yield of the Back Creek Company for last week was 25 ounces of gold ; this, with 35 ounces for the previous week, makes 60 ounces for the fortnight. Should this continue, the company will soon pay off all claims for past expenses, and commence to pay dividends. The profit on the last fortnight's yield is equal to a dividend of 10s. per share. The announcement made in our issue of Friday is fully corroborated. Mr.. Blackman has found a new lead, a well-defined gutter running beneath the false bottom he had previously been working to. The gold obtained from this is getting heavier, more nuggety and waterworn as they proceed along the deep gutter. In this 25 ounces is the heaviest nugget yet found at Bock Creek ; it weighs three quarters of an ounce,and the parcel contains many smaller nuggets. The indications warrant the belief that a rich and very exten- sive gold-field will be opened up at Back Creek. Speaking of the Black Boy it is said :-" Mr. Marshall is to-day gone to Launceston again with about two pounds weight of gold, obtained just as was the other lot, partly from Willie's claim, in which he holds a share, and partly purchased from various other miners. Messrs. Lowes, Sunderland, & Co. were led to suspect that their gold was escaping through their pud- dling machine. Thoy removed the machine,and obtained underneath 5 oz. of escaped gold. Of the City of Hobart Claim it is said : On a large reef in the centre of this claim there is a shaft down 30 feet deep. The reef for about 30 feet from the top seems to vary in width, with one well-defined wall. Its course is north-east, dip- ping slightly to the south-east, for the bottom six feet. Both walls seem well-defined, perfectly parallel and vertical, showing a well-defined body of stone about throe feet in thickness. The stone taken from this shaft is carefully stacked and estimated at about 130 tons. I inspected the heap just as the rain ceased, und the gold showed profusely on every stone I inspected. On the top of the heap lies tho stone from the bottom of the shaft, which is of a bluer cast and seems to me superior in quality to that taken from a higher level. It is added on Thursday next Mr. Commissioner Chapman is to hold a court at his office, Black Boy, previous to the issuing of the leases. This will make many of the applicants look two ways at once, and probably favorably affect the development of the reefs in this locality. SUNSTROKE.-" Medico" writes to the Queens- lander :-Although the season for sunstroke has not yet arrived, it will do us no harm to consider how thi3 calamity is brought about, and what we eau do to prevent it. The general ideas concerning the causes of sunstroke are, in the main, correct. It is most frequently caused by the influence of the sun's rays upon the head, which is the principal seat of nervous power. All the symptoms of sunstroke have, however, been observed in persons who havo given way in laundries, bake- houses, foundries and other places where the heat is excessive, say over 100°, which is dangerous to human life. Just after dinner is the most frequent time for sunstroke. The stomach is full then, and the blood being withdrawn from other parts of the body to aid in the process of digestion, the head ia weakened and is easily influenced by the sun's rays. This is particularly the case after drinking largely of water, or any other liquid, and especially after drinking iut >xicuting liquors. When we must drink, it ought to be sparingly and, if necessary, frequently. It is advisable to put a leaf, or oven a portion of grass, in the hat for the protection of the head ; but such substances should not bo close to the hair ; raise thom a little, and make as much air and ventilation about the head as possible. It would bû a boon to all engaged in field work if,durin<; the approaching hot wonthor, we could work earlier, and later, and have the middle of the day for rest. That it is not easy to adopt such hours in all casoä is plain enough ; but some who now work throughout the heat of the day could adopt it, and they would be guiñen in the end. Nor is it to bo forgotten that the weakly in body (they are often bravo in spirit) ought not to expose themselves to the mid-day sun. For them rest is an absolute necessity. STAFF OK "THE TIMES".-Many readers will be surprised to learn what a vast staff is omployed on The 2'inie». A New York journal gives tfie sub- joined information :-" 'Die reading matter of tho London Time* is furnished by twenty-two law re- porters, niiietoeen parliamentary reporters, twelve police reporters, aud an indefinito number of mis- cellaneous writers, known as "penny-a-liners" in London, at least one hundred correspondents in various parts of Great Britain, and some foreign correspondents in other parts of the world. To set up the types there ure one hundred and thirty compositors employed-sixty labouring by day and seventy by night, whilst eleven foremen and assistants diroot their movements. Twenty-four persons are required to read proofs and three are required to "pull" the proofs. In all this work the greatest care is taken to guard agiinst mis- takes, and every line printed is read over by proof-readers four or five di fièrent times." UAHAVILLA COCOA.-For Breakfast.-The Globe says "Various importera mid'manufacturers have Attempted to attain a reputation for thoir prepared Cocoas, but we doubt whether any thorough suecos« lind been achieved until Messrs. Taylor ami Brother» discovered the extraordinary qualities of ' M'imvillu' Cocoa. Adapting thoir perfect system of prepara tioii to this finest of all species of the Thnnurornu, they have produced an article which suporsudus ovory other Cocoa in the market. Entire tuiluhility, ii delicate aroma, and it rare concentration of the piirost olemont» of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Coooa above all other. For houicjoop itha and invalida wo could not recommend s more açriHMb lo or valu- able boverage." Sold in paokots only, by all Grown, of whom also may be had Taylor Brother»' Original ' Homoeopathic Coooa and Soluble Chocolat«. Staam ! ' UW*-OxltkUa+n, London : 