THE RIGHT OF CLAIMHOLDERS TO FORBID THE CONSTRUCTION OF RACES ACROSS CLAIMS. To the Editor of The Ovens and Murray Advertiser. Sin, — There is a question of vital im portance to the race-holding portion of the mining community, and I would wish to draw the attention of the miners to it, viz., the power a claimholder has, hy virtue of his miner's right, to forbid the entrance of any nart-v of miners on his claim for the purpose of constructing a water-race or portion of water-race without having his permission for so doing. I am well aware that by the powers a miner's right confer, a mining claim is to all intents and purposes in the eyes of tho law the same as freehold property, nnd that the one can punish trespassers as well as the other. "Well, suppose a miner has ex pended, say £500, in tunnelling to get a supply of water, and after having succeeded in his endeavors, lot him wish to convey the water so acquired to a distant field for mining purposes : nnd I will also suppose. that another miner has a claim or portion of a claim on the line of the race proposed to he cut for the conveyance of such water, the claimholder can as safely forbid tlic cutting or construct ing of such race through his claim or portion of his claim as a landholder could forbid it being .cut through or ou his .private laud without having first gained Ms consent. Now, in xny opinion there ought to bo some remedy for this, for one man can, if he so wishes, impede an object that may perhaps bo a benefit to many. In two instances I could name, one refused the cutting oi a" race through _ his claim, but hinted that it might lie done if a few pounds were forthcoming ; in the other, the parties refused, giving as a reason that it wonld flood their claim. Of course, when a crushing machine is in the case, clear water is very acceptable. I would like to know whether it is in tho jurisdiction of the Mining Board to pass a law to alter ibis— say, by arbitration, or hy the warden alone. When no consent can he obtained for cutting through a claim (the holder assigning as a reason that the race will do him an injury, by the water leaking through into the workings, or by any other cause), let there then be arbitrators, or tbe warden, called to decide whether such race will do such injury as uHogcd if. cut; and if the warden or arbitrators think the injury would be serious, let them forbid the cutting or constructing of such race through the claim for a certain length. of time— say, six or nine months, — and at the expiration of such time, let tlie application he heard again hy the warden or arbitrators ; and if lie or they think that the construction of snch raco will do little, if any, injury to such claim, then let them decide accordingly. If. they think an injury may be caused, but not a very serious one, but yet might cause a little inconvenience, let 'them award an amount equivalent to tlic damage or injury likely to accrue. I mercly tlirow out these suggestions as to the advisa bility of having a law to meet tho case, as it seems to have been overlooked in all jhe legislative and mining board enactments. Hoping the powers tbet be will take the matter into consideration, I am Sir, &c.;, PAUL PRY'S GHOST. .. 