Tbe last tliins out in American Sectarianism. Great exoitoment exists in Macopin, twelve miles from Paterson. A new religious society, called ' jehovab'B Band,' has boen started, sup planting a favorite Btation of tbe Methodist Church The Methodists Bent tbeir beBt proachera to combat tbo heresy, but they are repudiated. Each in turn is forced to leavo. The peculiar form of worship devolves itself in puffing, blowing,, whistling, shouting, jumping, wrestling, falling to'thefloor, and rolling ovor and kicking.' Both women, and men .engage in th'e oxeroises. Baptism'.' is by' immersion in the vallage mill pond at the doad hour of night. On Sunday tbey hold continuous service, and take a recess for meals only, refusing to. read a newspaper, or even to receive a letter on that day. Every Thursday evening they held tbeir meeting in tbe school bouso, until a difficulty about tbe candles UBed led them to loave it, and now they meet in any Iioubo in tho neighborhood where tho spirit manifests itself. John RhineBmith, a wealthy and weir to do farmer of the neighborhood, is tbe ohief man of the band, and recently had his house rebuilt especially to accommodalo the bretbern ; one room resting on'Btrong beams, it stands the jumping ; but about a month ago an ardent member, in a paroxyBm of fanatism, doclared that when filled by the Holy Ghost ho felt as light as air, and even though they jumped upon a looking glass tbey would not so much as bruiso it with a soratch j whoreupon he began to loap upon the stove hoorth and broke it off, ond then Ion ping to tbe top broko in tbo frail covers, and finally smashed a big rocking obair before he subsided;-,; Recently Rhinesmith baptized Gilbort; \Bi Speaker^ a man of family arid a convert to the new1 faith, the baii&iri; taking place in Rhirieamith's mill pond, before tho. members of the band jamid shouts ond orios, tbe whole gang at one .time shouted 'fire,' to tho alarm of others in tbo neighborhood it boing then after midnight. One of the band told a reporter that as he was at work in bio barn he got the spirit, and tbat ho ran one milo over ditohes and fohcos before the spirit loft hiiu, and all this time he was eluttd that he thought he was flying; ''?* T When jumping in ecstaoyVof the ,Hoiy;: Gh:0 j, - tbey say their spirits rise above tbeir bodies. ' They permit no person, excepting tbo=? belonging to tbo band, to join with thom in sWim or jumping, or any othor of their exaroi.o, although no objoction is made to tho attendance ofomsidors at tho meotinga of tho bond. A dozen will hm the floor at once pouncing and kjckiug, and the ; whole crowd seems worked up to a fearful state of excitemont— some jumping until tbey fall the women shrieking in the, wildest manior, abl' ''others praying,; whistling, or puffing, . wogcr ? ' ' They .permit no Jovityon the part if tho youw : * folks during proceedings. - Mr Cobb, ono! otlifo ' band, is thought' to bo growing insane r onder-tbe '- . exoitement of tho religions phrensy. , The're'ia no doubt that tho members of the band are ainoera enthusiasts. The sooiety now numbers ovor600 m'embors,— -N aw York' Telegram (o Commercial. ? ? '? . Editinq a Paper. — Tbo following wiUM iu the offico of an editor by a 'country -'sheriff jL,'.' Editing l paper is a: .very pleasant .1 thing-, 'contains too much 'political matter, people ^j! ' h&ve; it j rf it contains too little }hey .Wotft it If tbe type is teo; large,- it don't »mnuii''i enough reading matter; if the type is too small they can't rord it. If we publish telegraph reports, folks say tbey are nothing but lies j'if wo; omit tbem, they say we have no enterprise, or ! suppress them for political effect. If we haver few jokes, folks say wo aro nothing bat a rsttls ' boad ; if we omit jokes, tliey say we ate old fossil. If we publish origiual matter, they snub us for not giving tfcem original selections- if:S0 publish original ?selections; folks say' we: -ate |a'g for not ?£ ivjng' tbt-m wblat.',, tbey -/have.Tnoit te'adfn '' tomo other r:aper. .If we- .give' a -:riian' coinpli.' mentary notices, we arecensnred' !for being paVtial' M f.e dPfjM/ a'?. m;&re;'a groat -hog,' If we insert an article which pleases tha iailiev men Lecome jealous ; if we. do not catar to their wishes, the paper is not fit to be in their hoojei, If we attend church, tbey cay it is only for effect; if we do not tbey denounce us us deceitful and dosptrotely wicked. If we speak well of snyact, folks say tbat we dare not do otherwiso; i(. *5 censure they oall us a .traitor. If we remain ia our office and attend to business, folks say we ate too proud to mingle with our fellows. If we do not pay all bills promptly, folks says we are not tola trusted; if we do pay pro reply, they say we Stole tbe money. — American Paper. A Sharp Youth — Amiable mother : 'Here, Tommy, is some nice castor oil,:with orange peel in it,' .Doctor: 'Now, remember, 'don't give it all to Tommy ; leave some for me.': Tommy (who has beea hero before) : ' Doctor's a hies man, ma ; give it all to the doctor.' Extbaoudjnaut Sagacity or a HoBBH.-i Mr. J. Trumper, of Lake Eud Hou;e, near Windsor, writing to Bell's Weekly Messenger, says : — ' I have in my mrmyard a well btedplj filly, a grand daughter of Kirigst'oni arid all the winter it has had two cart colts for companps. The other day, . however, we took' away the two colts to work, and of course the. filly, waa exocci ingly' restless. The yerd is closed by two Urge folding doors, -whioh are - fastened- by bolts jo a strong post in the ground, and also secured bja strong latch. To our surprire the filly wu constantly getting looi,e, and, wondering how tha made ber esoape, we determined to . watch her, We Boon saw her come ..uji.to thp dbor. iindttla up in her teeth one of the bolts, wiiioh, she lW up, and, knowing that it would fall ajjain it!} its socket when sbo lot go, sho turned it rami 13 lodge its handle on the piece of iron made fori), She then, by pressing ber nose vory hard on tbe thumb plate, lifted up the latch, and, giving tha gate a push, rushed out. I take this to la is extraordinary case of sagacity iu a threo old fillj.' What Sleep wir-r, Cube, — The ory for ieil has always been louder thau the cry for foed. Not tbat it is more important, but it is often harder to got. The best rest comeB from soaud sleep, Of two men or women, othetwise'equal, the one who sleeps the best will 1 be the moat moral, healthy, and efficient. Sleep will do much to cure irritability of temper* ipeovishtcsj, uneasiness. . It will, euro insanity. It will.tesloii to vigour an overworked brain. It will' buildup and make .strong a 1, weary body. It' will do Mill to cure dyspepsia, pabtienlarly that variety known as nervous .. dyspepsia'.,'. It'' will ro.Iieve„t&» langour and; ; prostration folt by . ponauaip tlves. It will ; cure bypoehoudria. It : will1 cuts the blues. It will cure the headache. Il will cure the heartache. It will oure the neural gia. It will euro a broken spirit. It:will£i'8 sorrow. . Indeed we might make a long' list o( nervous maladies that sleep will oure. The t',a of sleeplesinesa, however, ia not bo particularly in those who carry bea'J rosponsibiljtias. The habit of sleeping woll one which, if broken up for any lerijth of tiof- is not easily regained. Often * severe illneaf, treated by powonul drugs, so deranges tto nervous system tbat sleep is never sleep— is-nW sweet aftorwards. . Or, perhaps, ,1®! oontiuued watchfulness produces the same Or' hard study,! or too : little exerciw ' tbe musoulBr system , or : toa and' whis J drinking, and tobacoo using,- 'To break . ap ths habit aro required 1. A good eleap Wi Sufficient exercise 'to1; produce ffeariheMi # pleasant occupation ; ;3. Good air, atid po' '® warm aroom ; 4. Friiedoiri from' too S.^A oloan Btomach ; 0. A clear. LflonecieBMi ?AvoiilBnce i-f 8j|i^'jaJ&utelind;^oitjBbii^',J'/^'1a* ' who nre'ovorworkedi' haggard, .nemWirwl0 P sleepless ? such habits ae'will seouro sleep, oiherwise -li 0 be short, and wbat tbere is of it i3 fladly itnperf » iJ^eraid of Health. ' i ' ? '' ' '' ?' ^ Printed and Euhliahod liy thciVoliriutorfl. AMU^' ' ! OASiriiELti and Joseph %rogsitfi;lii? H wahba MEnpnnv,' ?Joneral Lottoi K Offioo, cornor.of tho ^larket-squi » ^ W Illawarra. o» Friday, J1100 K; 