THESHA1WELLS0F E\BY! 'Xa. a.^hirss rarriroUr — asrV.pe. SwattiitW* act. »jX-:» g.-. c.^_ rw;y oisfiik th~- Voa -&&*$ etmtrul roar v.vritk — rtiry are s&aaetisps; verse ihi.'-i *J ©Sseri. Ev rr c-n? tsows that sari of thisg e«Jd beliit-e sH *--*t ' Tie tsr-^\ wiA hi* cnjiT th* Khi* »i*t Iss- OS tr.? '::?'?- r -'.?'.? b- S-: '.- ?-!. '*!'?'.?: belwriij;, xiirariilv, --.?.': iir,,«*r(if eaeice any ai*m ti-v. jivsaf. Xe— I i -«:?? t,--j :-.*???'« r.orkuu Kvi — -^s *Wt ci fo:«'---vU3?. a-', -a-.* la-.k'S ae ?{»?.; -y 1 «be=l.l 1IV? to b*v# ».-.-...e-:::KS '?-' f? u:«-n-I u:e»'i beiifi, iir4*«y— »ayti:-c. i;sr.' he ssi'., *-!« ss.-&erli;:?- li'cK »i.i h fhe ;'src:^i « .-.« ir. re!-,,?e '. to mwt *. iuct serincs iK-^nJ: . ???: «?:.:.&. iwjs.;*. be f«I: iilf i^hie*.3.. ' I Km- v»v yo:'. -.iray for m?. Am**, *ri tfcst is Ki:trr. G.vVxcli^ -U ;.-.'' And he ki^se.' her. «*-4 ue .artrti. Vfiih * s.-'liKTi cs^V.e bnnan; ir, hU aid lUrics-iine K«3. the v:B-5-«r p-cnt--5 x.- ' -. .-..v'. a broad tlaalin: moKsVesa; aakiaj s cti-s: o.:iai.BM-»h»[wd diagram ot K;it oa tKc 3«or, tJie '-^M 'v!«'af-e i^in; broid isti ni- tTu=A=riierj.-.m. »--.?!?- thmaph the open eac ine^V lv the chill nie'it s;r SMtlmj foFt'.y iaaad out. &ad; w^vIec tils cauui^-^isiti,..- s'sisi'.y. otit fno-Hi Oaruaei Sbcri.si -r-,- ;a~si!-rr '?«? i;u ir in a f.-vi-.Tsh listlesEOsi Thai Tii^ist bis fiillc— I -iv ifivi. his S:nuli: iri-.i* — 3\«s5i m-r i'!ay ci*--t'y vr' -,- hv »:*he.l. b't se-..':r.-?j to tate tic control of i\a stusjc. £Uii by s*i irresistible influence t* ctst h-'s bet- -;y1ir;fa*c »»dil vibw.ous into his eibow, which rc^ntw? in such -rii.i, sJispeless. and laaieEtable tneiodies £.£ half startled the crazv fiddler himseH 'H»! hs! That wasgon-i f' hewouM say, wilh a Etart: holding bis S::~ ' v.i*r'j$ a' so 'dciily. and lwk injit £n tie face, f.i Wf;«ji, «?:;?! f :s;.:dous saiie. 'Iconlduotdo that. It wasn't L No. Ha, ha'. yoa tiink I don't know Trhes it i.- yeu an-l waea i:is I. BiaTt), Cremona ! - I-; -v*o, S-.m-?i;«rins I' andti-itha scowliisg £mile he sbook th? N-w. 'wV.c*'. he he1. 1 nprigit orer his fcbo'oi'i.T. at th? fi.Hle. 'You or !. master? You're growiuj; too m ?-'?. for :i:e— .\ man who fictttj oap&saoa; without a wal— iiiotr.'ile victory, for sooth I Td eat&& voa soni^rimes, oTilr von shan't. thick voa can fri-htea me. I t-.ink you &re; p&nting; a bit, iie yon? Well, hang there a little while, and recover from yoar epilepsy, poor little thing '. Who knows — who kcoire ?' I dsa't kaoir whether Oannel Sherlock ate opium. His fseehad that ai^ht th» ]ieculi\r pallid sheen which Dtj ^tiiacy describe* as the siw^jal symptom of the ecstasy so attained to. A honivlier poison fur the aerres wss on his tabV -p.-t-nt green tea — cohl. Chinese fashion ; no milk, no sugar, the cup of mad ness ! A tiny cap of old c~ ^'-c-ebijin. anA a crac'Ked a^d veaerable little1 le.ipj: of the sairre i!ate : these olil worl'\ thing's he picked up where h« coul'L and trea srsred and loved'to live Araong them ; they kept his fancy stirring, and tin 'ei and sijni-fi his ilrcims. Tiny sls was the t-;a-cQp, if yuu hud lipped its messure, once filled with tae awful cliiir which was his habitual tolac*, it (Would haTe set jour brain a dance that would have bereft you of Aetp jot a night or two, sod introduced rou to strange fears and stranger shapes. When I'lonk s* that old t*.--pot replenished ?with its fatal iniusioa, standing oa hii table. I think I see, not a tea-pot, bat: Carinel Sherlock's music ian tern. ' I think Tre foan J out vonr mvret,' said he, with a laugh, and an odd cmnin; in Lis glance. '' Dark, is it? There is iUuouuu. ica h»re. Uo'iks.' Standing before hi* book (helms, he was gentlr tap ping the b&cks; of the tomes n-it'u the end of his fiddle ctick. ' What' loolriug a'J tlic time askance at his Stradusrius suspended frum s nail like one If Blue beard's beauties—'.' AVhat says Vir;il ? Vellitnr, ho:c atro l'.qu-intcr hanjuine gut'.m, Et terrain i&bo; ma^aiant— — cemitiu lacrj-mibiUis imo Audltur tum^In, £t vox roJ\\.iLa fcrmr ad aures. Not Violina — Violiua, are you '.' feminine, wilful, hys terical, Ha ! Traitrcnsc — beloved, mysterious Yiolina — have I touched the secret of your birth ? Wince and tremble — tremble and wince. Yes, it « in' the old, old legend, as nntraceable in the days of Augustus as now. Ah ! Yiolini, my companion, beautiful fiend?! You are detected. Listen, t'.eiuble. Xo one lieiirs, only you and I. Again in Dn' den's vei ecs : ' I pulled a plant ; nitfa horror I reUtcf A. prodigy so Btrango and full of fate. Hearken ! How foolish youSook and guilty ! Ha, ha, ha : You would have lived with me, and lia-! my ear, and passed for nothing but au undeiiguin & bit of wood, would you ? Clever Violins ! Listen ! Ha, ha, ha ! Ay, my mistress, to lead me on and on to Bedlam ! Hearken : ?' The rooted fibres rose. ; and from the wound. Black bloody ur.jps dUtilk-d upon the ground. Scarce dare 1 tell the sequel : from the womb 0- wounded eariu, and cibins of the tomb. A — a what? Oh, Yiolina, listen! For I know you. Come — come, don't you ? By Jieaven .' you do look p&ler.; Well, well, listen— ' A groan, as of a troubled phost rcnew'd '' Cv ? My fright, and then these dreaiful words ensued , Now if you could speak, you'd say, 'Tliank God! though he came near to rinding it he has not got the key of my mystery in his fingers !' Be not too sure of that, sweet wayward Violina ! Come — come, rest, poor thing — rest awhile. But you would say, ' Nay, let me hear all now ?' I know your face so wall : did I not see you smile once? Ay ! I was a novice then, — dropped you, in horror, on my bed— and was afraid of you for five weeks after. Hcigho ! it has been an odd life. But come — corns -why this shame ! FooUhIi Yiolina, don't you see I am no more your dupe— the thing's impossible. I kbow you, poor Violina ; say you see the eye of a corpse move, Mb face change into a fixed smile for two minutes' time, with a meaning— a meaning suited to yonr thoughts ; it is a corpse no more, hut a devil. H«, hti, lia, found out, eh ? In the wood of the tree — in tho wood of the tree. How deep the root gues— and I bo tired. ' 'San era ancor di la Nesso arrivato. Hark ! listen ! I fay — it's coming. ' Quando noi ci mettemmo per 'jti Ijosco, Che da nessun sentfero era segnato ; Non frondl verdi, ma di color fosco : Kon rami schlcttt, mi nodosl e'nvolti Non poml v'eran, ma stocobl con tosco— ' ' There it is — the forest— an infernal metamorphosis. The same thing, only worse ; not the tup roots only, but steam, boughs, foliage, all in hell. Dante's forest of suicides— trees that bleed, and moan, and speak ; damned spirits— and forever is such a long time. Poor Violina ! no such wool for a fiddle. Ha ! i-est now — rest. The ancient order — turn your face to the wall' With tender hands and great solicitude he turned the fiddle with its face to the wall,.- whispering, with a frown of dark compassion : ' Kest — rest — rest..' Then again to the open window he went, and looked out, long and in silence ; kueeliug, with his elbows on the window- stool, and his chin resting on his hands. Oh ! what a draught of moonlight, sweet night air, sad mysterious landscape, deserted of all livissp:. Awful, lonely, beloved ; darkness so soft, and lights so dim. In that imperfect light, all vulgarities and unsightly things vanish, and the beloved scene presents the image of the dead— who are beautiful and uurined by distance and the dim medium of memory. OlUPTEH Xljl.— MYSTAGOGUS. Half an hour passed, 1 dare say, m that sort of dream, and the moBnlight seemed, to giow insu^port ably pure, and the night air— like the water to the swimmer— met his breast with the thrill of a delicious shudder. So a solitary happiness stole ovur him,' the most melancholy and serene— like that of the niau who is about to make the last great venture, and die ; and bas already taken leave of all his miseries and compli cations. 'Honceforward you are my ^Egeria — a phantom only ; I shall see you in my solitude and -fruvne»— a picture of light ; I shall hear your voice, like notes of distant music, but to more conflict ; the tumult of hope forever stilled, and this wild heart is quiet ; the first death has pissed over it, and all now in retrospect— There are^miai though they moulder that dream in the tomb. With this quotation Carmcl Sherlock got to his fact again, to his pipe, and charged it with the hitinp tobacco he liked, and lighting it, and lishlinir hits second candle also, read and smoked by the light of his candle. Read what? It hnpponcd to be tho Bible— the Old Testament, for its poetry, philosophy, and pro found knowledge of human nature— to him it was no revelation — sll man's work— but even bo, it was tran quillizing and elevating. The fruit of the tree of life, we know, is for beliuvem, and its 'leaves ara for the healing of the nations.' He dipped into the Psalms, he turned ovor to Isaiah; and then passed away into the Cyclopeau sub limities of Job. He read, and smoked, and pondered ; and came, at last to a passage which lighted up his frowning face with a pallid smile : 'This is the portion of a wicked man with God, and the heritage of oppressors, which they shall receive of the Alnushty.' 'Thoagh he henp up silver rs the duit, and nienare r.\iment as the clav : h« m» prepare it, but the jimt shall put it on. and tho inno cent shall divide the silver.' 'The rich man shall lie down, but he shall not be gathered : he openeth his eyes, and he is not. Terrors take hold on biin as waters, a tempest Rtcalcth him away in the night.' These grandly sinister words applied themselves ; as he read them, ench sentence wemed to n-o up and point a weird finger at the mr.n he feared and hated— wicked and wealthy. Again and again, over and over, he read them, till they seemed to gain slowlv a power oTer him, and, with a gasp, he started like a man walrins; himself from 'a dream that frightened him, and hurriedly turned over the pages, and looked slowly about him : roauu upon the strange furniture anil decorations of his crooked and dimly-lighted room, through the open casement once more upon the dreamy landscape, and then upon the dial of his Dutch clock, whose diligent tick iug, exaggerated by tho silence, was the only sound audible. He raised the candle to it and hoked^ It was near one o'clock. His eye glanced on the Strsdutrius — Violins, with, her face io the walL Re iUJ cat care, just tiiea, to remfcaAer that she was titre. asdarertwilsis s'iuK»-iawklr-- waaeret solitude so utter? r-j=;e £E?i*Et writiens, wiich used to soothe mm, i?ke his usreatic weed, -were failing him to-night 1I« turaed back ar.d read, after many others, this 'Taeaa spirit pissed before mvfece; the hair of mt £tt1t «t»nd uri : It stood stilL but I could not ?_.-c rs'. the fona thereof — au image was before minr i tv-. there was silence. »ml I beard a voice saying— 'J ' A- Oanucl Sherlock read these words he raised his eve.-. Ar.d thev happened to rest upon the door, which. :,'«r i:«i wide open. Slid a figure was there obserrins I; tss JUis A?nes Marlyn, pale, with her candle is \cr hr-ad. and gasing on bin with laj^e steady eyes, ^ruiel Sherlock rose to bis feet, returning her gaifc I d^n't think he was quit? sure that he did not see s ghost- He raised the candle, and stared at her in a vi- that, at another time, would have made her Vog'.i. Cat now she did not smile. She looked pale, like h-m^elf, aad only said ' Hush r and raised her fiurer wamingly. ? ? Miss Marlyn I' he whispered. ki Yt-s : roav I come in ? or will you come to the aoor for a ia*m=at ? I dare not speak aluud.' ?? Cuuae in, yes. Sne's Miss Msrlyn— these lights are Sartn^— you are not afraid.'' K? glanced a* his fiddle, lying very quiet with its f see to the walL 'Young Indies are afraid of ghosts Eaaftiines— I used to be. but long habit, and,T' be looke.l along the floor, 'never seeiiiS them, don't cacurage it— it's a fancy that might steal you oat of Tosr senses.' '? I hti-e con* to you, Mr. Sherlock, to asfc a Jontt uttf— i gre»t favour— you did me one once.' 'Yes— I. know— in the thunderstorm, when I liror.gat that letter for you to the post, and so, between us, we've brought, not a m&n;, but a vampire into the house,' ' You were true to me then, Sir. Sherlock— in God's nosce. be ti-ue to me now ! It's oijly a trifle, and there is r.ot a boiiI ia the house I cut trust but you ; I have not a friend.' ' Ywi are talking to a dead man ; I'm no one's friend.' 'I know you are kind, I know you are true ; you can l-e » friend where one is needed ; what I ask is, I assure you, but a trifle ; promise me this, at least, that if you refuse me — which I hardly think possible — you won't tell any oue what my request wot ?' Oarsucl Sherlock looked at her with a shrewd and shrinking glance, and walked over to the window, lookiag down on the floor, and having stood tor a minute at the open casement, he returned, and said : ' If it has no relation whatever to Miss Rachel Shad well — I — may.' ' Kone : it's only a note, and, I swear to you, it has no reference — not the slightest— tD Miss ShadwelL ' Yes— yes— she says true ; I remember— a note — go on.' 'Just this— Pm making a great confidence, but I know yoa won't betray me ; and even if I were not sure, I cannot choose, I must place myeejf in your hands — ' ' Tear nothing ; there was a heart there,' and he knocked his clenched hand at his breast, ' now there stone. I don't know why I ask that question — no- go on — nil admirari.' ' I want this note delivered to-night.' ?Was she ashamed, or afraid ? I don't know which, as thus speaking, in a lowered voice, she hastily placed a. little note in Carmel Sherlock's open hand. He turned frowningly to the candle, aad, having read its address, turned ashy pale. 'Tyho put this into your head?' he slid, with a ferocious and horror-atricken stare. 'Did you dream it — or how 5'1 'I don't know what you mean ;' Bhe answered very honestly.' 'You are beautiful — yes ; see how her colour comes and goes, w ith tho beauty of a young Venus— -warm, crimBon blood — and beautiful shame. Listen to me, what put it in your head ? I say there's foul play here. Everything pushing we on !' It seemed to her that he trembled and looked faint. Her patience was on the verge of breaking down altogether, but she controlled her auger, for the case was urgent, and Carmel her last hope, although, as she said, the service was slight. ' Beautiful? yes ; the genu came m different shapes —a serpent, a boy, an old man, agii'L |Is any man on earth fio perplexed as I ?' ' I implore of you'' she whispered earneitly, 'to give this to-night, without fail, into bis own hand ; and I trust all to your honour, no one on earth but you and he must know.' 'Don't mind your dreams,' he said, in a whisper. 'Dreams are not sent from God, nor caused by him, but must be demoniacal, since nature is demoniacal, not divine. Come, come, don't you enter into tho con spiracy.' ' You can't suppose I understand one word of what you say,' she said at last, a little fiercely ; ' I ask yon, once for all, to deliver that note to-night. Yon must know I can't, end I have told you I shall be ruined if you don't.' 'If you had said travel fifty miles before morning I should have tried; but to Sir lloke 'Wycherly's door— until the suu had risen — I will not go. Why will you trouble me ? I was serene.' ' You won't give it to-night ? Oh ! won't you, Mr. Sherlock?' ' I won't give it to-night ! What temptation is this, . and whence do you come ? I say no !' ' ft ought to have reached him before nine o'clock to-night, I had promised it, and my silence he is to read as no, and he is odd and violent. He may never forgive it. Oh ? Mr. Camel, think ; I can't I won't do it myself, and if it is not done, what is to become of me ? An enemy has read my letters — there ! I've told you— and has learned that which he may use to ruin me, and there is no one to help me but that one bad man, Sir Eoke Wycherly ; don't you see how madly I truht you ? and you won't help me, in a matter to me impossible, but for you as easy as to walk to that win dow. Oh, Mr. Carmel ! Mr. Carmel, think !' ' Yes, easy— facilis deccntus — evil has come to many, in many shapes. You are warped by some dream — you have had a dream to-night I don't believe in any exorcism — no, no, do ! — they are too strong for us.' 'Oh-! Mr. Sherlock! do, for God's sake, do give him thb note'to-night .'' Ske stamped, odd wrong her hands in her jnguish. ' Haw she .persists ! How cruel they all are ! Take this with you then — the thing's impossible t Short is the way, but a gulf unfathomable between, us ! False sibyl ' you say, step boldly. Wiat of the abyss ? Have not tho demons oharge over tnec, in their hands to bear thee up, lest thou dash thy foot against a stone, and return bloody? Listen to your words, and say, are not they the song of a devil? No, no, you shall not prevail, beautiful Sliss Agnes Marlyn ! And y-M have lifted upthe curtain, and showed me that other image. Oh, Rachel ! Rachel ! Rachel ! See what a wreck she would make ; this Ariel of the storm, flaming amaze ment, she knows not, or cares not, to what purpose.' Without another word, her beautiful eyes flashing, she extended her hand. ' Patience !' he said, 'only a moment, I'll give it to you, if you like, but listen first ; this is reason, this is business. He'6 asleep now ! he's asleep ? I — I know it ! Look there, it's one o'clock ! he's asleep by this time, and, I promise this, the edge of the sun's rim shall not have appeared above that upland there in the morning one minute before I place it in his hand. Dun't be so crazy, young lady ! if you're mad, I'm not,' and with these stem words he darted a lowering glance at Miss Marlyn. 'Well, perhaps, yes ; do so, we shall soe.' With these wordB she turned, and was leaving the room with a light andquick tread, but she stopped,'and said : 'Sir, Slierlock, I was going without thanking you ; I do thank you, pray forgive me ; but I am agitated and miserable, farewell !— and oh ! do not fail me !' She clasped her hands, and looked on him for a moment with such eyes as are raised in shipwreck, and then stole avuy quickly. Sherlock followed to the door, and listened.with a raised hand and wide-open eyea. ',' Not a sound ! not a step ! not a breath !' Then he paused again for a while, listening. 'Foiled? ha, ha, ha ! XfvU that the suspicion crossed me as it did. Ay, spirit, you hear me nftw ? God .' what have I seen ? What is a mortal creature timoDg them ? If though be a good angel — come, oh quiet, quiet ! If it be an evil one, lead me away into the desert. Oh, that I had wings like a dove ! then would I flee away and bo at rest. Can any man escape his destiny ?' So he closed the door. 'Ah, Menander ! 30U say truth— 'Onicnique homtnt status nascent! ? Adest Dsemon vita; myutagogus.' He looked round his strange room, stealthily, as if expecting to see the mystagogus of his life revealed ; and then, sighing, ho leaned his head upon his hand, and teemed to sink into a quiet contemplation. TO BE C0NT1NDED.) jSTHnw is it that no steps nre taken to make tho dissolute men mil women who loaf about our parks cum an honest, living f Periodically they arc taken up us vaarnntR find Kent to gaol, where, under prison diet and disciplino, they recruit their health, and come out more impudent and idle tha« *vor. Why not make their imprisonment a kind of perpetuity ? :it any rate until by such rigorous punishment th»y learned io dread ga»l instead of laughing1 at it. We have a lazzaroni with ub as idle, as thievi&h;, and not half so picturesque as those of Xaplea — impudent, loutish, drunken prostitutes, and thieves of the lowest and most degraded class. Surely these creatures csin be utilized .' It is dtic to decent people lhat somrthinjr phould be done in this direction ; it is due r.o less to the miserable creatures themselves. In America they would be made to do the State some service ; why should they not be forced to do so here '? As matters (stand, the apathy ef the law is an encouragement to the idle, tho vicious, and the depraved. 