? ? ? Association! Vas;!ield' ; oon &fondjiy;^ ^fliei ^tey Canon Vodal jin^lgphair.^Xn flie^nrse of^ua, jrcnv&^he|er.~geptlewan gaze,several xnj/ei;-.: csting -'particulars 1 ^relative to fte- Helanesian > boy.^iilliW»6aWMii,a3ad^o\r,betnge4uc«ited; in tho missionary establishment .of Bishop - Pat* tison, heatUeolsjnjSifia been ^carefully Instructed ftndbaptised,; and' was, ^t^jesentigiving; every gatiafaotion to^s instructors. -A iininher ;of ftirtlvir-det^s. ^ppli^ 'by^MT, Yidal, .were, listened to'^th'muc^^ addrpsBe^ ^ere^^^ejieil^t'tlie Meeting, A meeting oftke Cricket Association of Jfew fioutli WaleB was held on Monday night, for.the purpose of Bolccfingan.eleven to represent this colony in the -coming'niatch. at: Melbourne, - but differences; "of opinion prevented anything fronj being finally determined on.. Ay unluckymaunamedFleming.lateforeman io Mr. A.; Torning, while engaged in decorating the Schoqlof Arts, a short time sinoe, feli : 20' feet and .dislocated his right arm. He had promptmedical atttepdance, but from some icause which has not been explained to the public, the arm withered and became forever lost to him, thereby throwing a large family 1 into great distress. 7 On Tuesday evening, an entertainment .•was^iren in the School of Arts for the purpose of raising a fund to enable Mr. Fleming to commence some small business, and we are glad to say the hall was crowded on this occasion. The programme consisied chiefly of selections from jthe, Christy's rgperiwr.e, and the performers^ who were all Amateurs, .were very favorably receive.d by the auijience. ' The. WesJeyftns^offiurry TTillshave a penny 'bank, .and the subscribers to this institution held their annual .meeting at the .close of last week, The rppp^t' showed that £618 15s. 6d, Jiad been received'from nearly 4000 depositors during the past year, and £503 Is. lOd. with- ,dra>vn in 348 repayments. During -the same •period 259 new accounts were opened and 233 .closed. There -are now 372 accounts representing -about £460. The officers for the next year were'nnaiimously chosen. Thegnunsl meeting of the Wesleyan Susten- (tation and estention society was held in the •church on the Glebe road last Monday. It was stated .that .the income of the society from all sources had amounted to £2,814 during .the past year, .and that the circuit with which th^t church •was .connected had .contributed a larger amount itlign any .other circuit in the .colony. The meetling was.addresscd by .several ministers and.other gentlemen, and at its conclusion a eollectiqnwas .taken .up, which seemed to be liberal. The Patriotic Association also held its annual •meeting on Monday Evening. After the report •had been read, .the - officers - for the next year were «lecte4i JtfQst flfjtUein:ftreflnfenoTO to our readers. , ,:f • A eoncert ; -wasgivon a few^days-since under ;the .auspices of the Sons .and Daughters -oflemperance, the proteeds.of.wJjich are to be d^reRl ito. the xelief >of the .widow and femily of a late .deceased .brother. . .Several hundreds were :sent. Hon. jol» .Sutherland, Miuister^of Worts, presided. JJp to .Monday evening something over 300 pickets had .been sold by the .Committee for St. Vincent's ball, and many others promised to be itafcen. The price fof single tickets .was -a guinea .each. ' .Mr. Bandman is still playing Hamlet" to crowded houses at the Prince of Wales theatre. 'The papers speak of his success.as unmistakeable. JKe as ,vcry well .supported by Mr. Hoskins as .Ghost, and Miss .Corcoran £S.Ophelia. Hon. Wm. J?orster was absent from his place •in. the Assembly on Tuesday last. It was stated (that one of his .daughters was led to the hymeneal ;altarpon that day, but we have not noticed this ;among the " marriages" published in the papers. Early in the morning ,<)f the -fith instant, a .calamitous fire :broke out "in one of the wool .-stores ibelonging,to Mr, Edward Flood, on the iCircular<J,uay. The amount of property des- ;troyed,is estimated ,at £50,000, A grand experimental torpedo explosion took place in Botany Bay, op Saturday last. The Vessel 'blown up was the Jiover's Bride. A gentleman, named Alexander Cannon, died suddenly ,at ,the Norfolk Hotel, on Sunday ^Horning last, .of exhaustion. On the 10th instgnt, Miss Jarman lectured at ;the .School of Arts on •" California and the JJights .of Wonian." A_ detachment of troops in garrison (14th Begiment) Jeft this city for Melbourne, on Monfflorning last, by the Virago. At A meeting of .the Albert Cricket Club, held on Tuesday last, a member was expelled for Ms •conduct on the occasion of the late match between .the fosj;.eleven of the Albert and Warftritik clubs. An .instructive lecture on the " Origin and jDestiny of Man, was delivered in St. Andrew's .•School-house, on the 8th -inst., by the Jiev. Z. iBarry, PJ)., of St. Mathias" Church, Paddington. -Che Dean of Sydney presided. The Hon. Abe Premier was among those who were present. The .adjourned annual general meeting of the Benevolent Society was held at the Asylum, on ifche ,8th inst.; the Hon. .George Allen in the Chair. A report was read and adopted. Several .clergymen and members of Parliament .addressed the meeting. Among the former were J&y;, Dr. Lang, Bey. Mr.. Piddington, Ecv. Canon yidal, Dr. Fullerton.and Father Sheridan. An intemperate surgeon's assistant, named JIargraves, cither fell or leaped" from the Comjnercial Whai-f at the foot of King-street, on Tuesday morning. He Was taken out of the svate? ;alive, but, as those who rescued him Jcnew nothing of the proper mode of treating ^uch .c^sesj he .died soon ai'ter. A serious accident happened to Mr. D. C. D.alglcjsh on Friday. He "yvas thrown from his borsc and his head came in contact with an iron pjjlar, thereby fracturing ljis skull, tittle hope ia jsjitcrtqincd of his recovery, jHiffGBATIOS TO VlCTOKIA.—The following fire the propositions of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce for securing a desirable stream of immigration:—1. That die Agcnt-General of the colouj be empowered to make arrangements for the issue, in the United Kingdom, of passage warrppts to desirable emigrants on personal application, every such warrant to be granted on payment of a sum not exceeding the current rate of passage to the United States of America. 2\. That every such warrant describe the person m whose favor it is issued ; that it be not transferable ; and that it entitle the holder thereof to a steerage passage to Melbourne, by any ship which such holder may select 8 -That conditions _.>ney, comply witli the provisions perial Passenger Act. 4. That ships carrying such warrant passengers be entitled to £14 per statute adult, payable by the Victorian Government, within seven days after arrival in Melbourne, on a certificate bcjng granted by the immigration agent that the contract Jujs been duly fulfilled, and the conditions complied with! A COSTLT CBADLE.—The Syndic of Naples has presented to Prince Humbert, in the name of the city, a cradle of the value or £2000 for the infant son of his Eoyal Highness. FROM THE_ HUNTER. (Condensed fi'om the Zocal Popers.) • Br-^AW? j^s^ed by various municipal council*, andjconfinned bv Hie^Joverntpent. liave been laidjbefore Parliament 5n accordance -with law. Amongst^hem are by-lawa for.;Smgleton; and The members of'the Florence Nightingale di- ^TBionj'Wo. . 89;>of 1 the daughters of Temperance, • Morpeth,' celebrated.their annivensary of its estobhshmontbyatea^meetingand^solree mthe Morpeth: Schopl of .Arts, : on Tuesday, evening. jThere. was a .very lflrge. attendance, and about ^W0| hundred guests were served with tea and other refreshments.. "When lie-tables were .-pleayed away, ftTpiy meely-arranged'programme of songs,recitations, dialogues, ana instrumental - picoes was'rendered, to the entire satisfaction of a crowdedandience. -•<:•: \ The. oollectors for the - electoral districts of West Maitlandj The Hunter,. East- Slaitlnnd, • and Morpeth, have completed their labore, and : a conipayispn of the numbers entered upon the rolls last year and the present, gives the follow- ' ing result:—West' Maitland, 1869,1108 electors —1870,1213; The Hunter, 1869, 1147—1870,', 1276; East' Maitland, 1869, 781—1870, 901; Morpeth; 1869, 821—16FO, 833. The usual monthly meeting of the Maitland Suilding-and Investment* Society, was held at the School of Arts last week. -The .amount paid in for subscriptions and redemption money w&s; £442 7s lld ; no advances were sold. , . Last week a man nanjed John Lewis Price, a resident of Plattsburg, Wallsend, was found hanging to a tree at the Bro^dmcadow, about a .quarter of a mile beyond the Borehole, by an inhabitant of Lambton, named Anthony Smitli, who with his wife and a Mrs. Willis, was proceeding homewards from Newcastle. The un- fortunate man appears to have committed the rash aot with the utmost deliberation, from the position in which the body was found. H e seemed to have tied his handkerchief round his neckband fastened it to the projecting branch of a tree, whilst in a standing attitude, and then to have knelt, down sufficiently low to cause strangulation from his being thus suspended. Life was quite extinct when found. Pncc, who kept a small shop 4t Plattsburg, became insole vent lately, and, failing to attend a meeting of his creditors at East Maitland, last week, a warrant was issued for his apprehension, He. was in Newcastle the same day and is said to have been the worse for liquor when he passed through the Borehole. Mr. Smith immediately reported the case ait the Newcastle Police Station, and the police at once proceeded to the spot and took chargc of the body, upon which ou inquest will be held, A commencement was made, a few days ago with the sinking of the trial shaft for the Scotch .Company, or as it is generally called, the Lambton Coal Company, at Stockton. A depth of twenty-seven feet was sunk, and the cylinders fixed. It was then determined to discontinue the work until the remainder of the cylinders arrived, which are now being manufactured in Sydney. These cylinders are of cast iron, and seven feet ui width, so that, when fixed, they prove to be of vastly superior strength to tlve .common plan of shoring up the sides of the sinking, and precludes any possibility of the sides caving in. It is expected that this shaft f will have to be sunk from 260 to 300 feet before the seam of coal is struck. The quality of the coal is said to be very superior, to the samples taken at the borings. The opening of this mine will be a great desideratum to the town of Stockton, and, from its proximity to the riyer, vessels will be enabled to load direct from the pits at a very slight oost. MAQLEAY RIVgR. (Condensed from the MacUay Herald.) THREE bales of blankets, for distribution amonnthe aborigines, have been supplied to the Bench of Magistrates, but they are to bo issued only on the 24tj'4 of May, the Queen's birthday. Nine conditional purchases were made at the Land Office, Kempsey, last week, 80 acres at Congarini.; 51 acres, Congarini: 50 acres, Wih- Iit|iu ; 60 acres, Nambuccra; 40 acres, Bowra; 40 acres, Bowra40 acres, Bowra; 40 acres, Bowra ; 80 acres, Bellinger. The tide of Free Selection has recently sottowardsWarrall Creek, where a large area ligs bepn taken up witljinthe last three weeks, A considerable number of swag-men passed through Kempsey last week, looking for employment, Mos t of them had apparently come from 6ome considerable distance, and from their enquiries as to the whereabouts of the sugars mills, were no doubt drawn hither by the hope of obtaining a share of the work which proprietors of the machinery for the production of our new industry necessarily require to be done. Towards the end pf the week about a dozen aiv rived from the Hastings, where they had been employed by several parties at their plantations. The Mapleay branch of the British and-Foroign Bible Society announces that a public meeting will be held in the Wesleyan Chapel, Bast Kempsey, during the week, in order to lay before the public the proceedings of this branch up to the present time; arid for the purpose of hearing a lecture on The Bibje," by the Bov, A. JJutledge. The East Kempsey -sugar-mill changed hands some few weeks ago, Mr. Frisby, of the Bellinger, purchased it from Mr. Noads for the sum of £80(?). It has since been sold by Mr. Frisby jo Mr. Jacques, of Sydney, who intends at onee to erect a sugar manufactory at the Bellinger. Mr. Jacques claims to be an experienced sugar manufacturer, and the inventor of Messrs, Tooth aud Crane's principle of boiling, now so successfully used in Queensland, The boilers of the East Kempsey mill will be used as coolers, and new ones on a veTy different principle introduced jnto the manufactory. It is rumored that Mr. Billyard, solicitor, who arrived at Port Macquarie per last trip of the Diamantjna, intends opening au office there, A HONEYMOON A u. MODE.—It is not very often (says the Melbourne Age) that a bride p-oom makes his appearance"at $ policc cpurt before the expiration of liis honeymoon on a chargc of ill-using qnd threatening the life of his better-half; but such was the case yesterday when a man named Harris was cliarged on warrapt with using threateuing language towards his wife. The prosecutrix said that she had not been married to prisoner a month, but he had several times ill-used her, and announced his intention of being liung for her. She also added that she was opiiged to marry him, as lie had threatened to murder her if she did not. The prisoner's statement, however, threw a different light on the subject, as he said that ever sincc he had been married his house had beon in a filthy state, and he never had a clean thing to put on. Within nine days of the wedding his wife had pawned her wedding ring to get drink, and he certainly admitted striking her once, but she used such filthy language to him in the street that hp was provoked to do so. The bench considered that both parties were to blame, and dismissed the case, advising them to go home and livo more happily in future. , ^ KKOWIKG How.—Some'soldiers were dflpng a well. When they came to the wa£cr, tb<$pommanding officer wont to inspect progress. Well, Kelly," said he to the Irishman at the bottom of the well,-" you have found tbo water at last!" "Ah, Kurncll," replied the other, " it all dipinds upon knowing how tlio tbing ought to be done. Any other man but myself would 40 fut deeper without coming FROM MELBOURNE; •THE Bishop of Sydney -preached, last Sunday, atrSt. James's Oathedra). -The opemng.-of tlie Opera season was a,-groat' success, . ; By the fire at Carltqn, tlio Victoria nud Nati» pgal Companies lost ennill sums; • •. .- : Bird, 1 the English ohnmpion pedestrian, whilst fF&lkmg.; :abont in racing • costume at Ci<oxton Baceg, was arrested for. indecent exposure. Tbo Bcnch cautioned anddiscliarged'him; ho apologised, and stated that lie had run In a costume quite as short in England. Mr. Deny has.been elected fur Geelong by a majority of 81, Fifteen hundred selectors bftve applied for land at Camperdown. • ' Tenders for the-construction of-the Murray ' River Railway, have boon advertised fpr, to close on the 24th March. Mr. Justice Pohlman hasi confirmed tho sentence against Coleman of six months, for playing tho three- card game. Tho entries for tho. athletic games promise good sport on Saturday. The Australian Diamond Company have held their half-yearly meeting, and tho raport is satisfactory. Mr. M'Phorson promised a deputation.that he would consider the propriety of inserting an eight hours' clause in the railway contracts. The Bendigo Water Works Company have declared a dividend, of 2s, per share. The foundation-stone of the new Congregational church, at tho Yietoria Parade, was laid on Thursday. The Eev. John Graham, of Sydney, assisted. The flour market opened at £11 10s. to £12. The City Council has refused- granting per- mission to Mr. Coppin to fence the lull outside the Cricket Ground, and charge for admission to witness the pedestrian fcports. A letter was received from the Sydney Corporation, conveying thanks for. plans of cattle yards, &c.; There was a large number of visitors on board H.M.S. Nelson on tho recent cruise, which thoroughly enjoyable. It is proposed to construct a private branch railway front Waugaratta to Beech worth, Mr. King's portrait has been received into the Public Library, being presented through the Council. The Old Colonist's Association gent a letter of condolence to Mrs. J. C. King. The City Council have decided upon a large contract for road metal, and favor the machine broken. Surveyor Black has found on Forest Hill, the highest peak of the Australian Alps, marine shells aud fossil fish. The Liberal Association soiree at Sandhurst takes place next month. Messrs. Higinbotham and M'Culloch have accepted invitations. There is a strong opposition at Ballarat against tho alienation of the town common to selectors ; a deputation waited on Mr. M'Kean on the subject, but he refused to alter the regulations. The foundation stone of Trinity College was laid to day by Bishop Perry. Mr. Mills, solicitor, has applied to the Court for probate of the will of the late Mary Bellamy. Judgment lias been reserved. John Haunch has been committed for trial by the Hotham Bench for an assault ou his own daughter, aged nine yearE. Mr. A. G. Fisher, produce merchant, has arranged to take up his bills, and pay in full. Captain Gray was offered the appointment pf Gbief Harbormaster, and the office is vacant until his reply is received, There has been a doputation of iron-workers to get new engines made in tliis colony. Mr. Longmore promised to give them a trial. Tho Eugineer-in-Cbief stated that Sydney firms also .compete. Scliaeffer, the German traveller, lias applied for admission to the Benevolent As3'lum. Mi'. Dufi'y's lecture iqi> Ireland was largejy attended. The establishments of Mr. Airey, cabinetmaker, and Guest, biscuit baker. 'William- street., have been burned. Two hundred labourers on the Malmesbury aqupduct have struck for the eight-hour system. Is is intended to apply for an injunction to prevent dramatic performances at Jtertpn's Opera House. Tbo Ballarat Steeplechase was won by Buuiyoug. Babbler fell, and his rider, Bowes, had several ribs broken ; lied Deer also foil, aud jt is supposed Dalrymple, his jockey, is killed. Wheat market quiet at 5g. 3d. The trade jia breads tuffs is confined to retail lofs. The import markets are more active, •The speculation in kerosene continues, T}io Pgndenong took 500 cases. The Government have decidcd to impose a penalty of from 5 to 25 per cent, on arrears of rent for land ; this will relievo the banks, who hold a large quantity of Hugh Glass's land that is liable to forfeiture. Gallagher, convicted of perjury by the Sandhurst Bench, for making a false declaration under the Land Act, has had a poiut reserved, to the effect that a retrospective Act, passed last session, is ultra vires. Potts, arrested at Newcastle, pleaded guilty to fl .chargc of fraud, and bus been remanded for sentence, A farmer, named Scott, residing at Laiiccfield, shot a mail named Ward dead, for threatening to burn Jus house down. A movement has been initiated to insure the tools of workmen in factories, Mr, L'Estrange, a squatter at Flench Island, is jii solvent, There was a good meeting at the atlilotic sports to-day. The quarter ol' a milo race was won by Smith, with Higgins second, and Pointing third ; Hewitt did not run, having rccoivcd a sprain. The one-mile race was won by Bird, Don second, liodgkiuson third ; time, 4 minutes 35 seconds. The walking match was won by Toploy, Lyall second, "Woodbouse third ; time 31 minutes 55 seconds. The pace was splendid. Lyall and Woodbouse received 70 y;u-ds. The following are the weights- for the Australian Cup :—Gloncoe, 10 st. : Wnirior, *Jst. "lbs.; Strop, 9st. ; PftBlor, 8 ki.'; TiMvei'ton, 8 si. ; Dane, 7st. 7 11)8. The others graduate down to Monkey, 5 st. 7 lbs. The weather is fine. FROM ADELAIDE, TUB oxcitcmcnt as to the gold discovery continnues, although m;uiy are sceptical as to tho facts. £125 lias been received for a £50 share. Mr. Cavcnngh, Commissioner of Crown Lands, goes to the Kortbeni territory to inspect tile country. *i Mr, Lewis is talked of as a Government resident there. A cprious discovery of a box containing £000, in Sydney notes, was made in an old grave at Alberton Cemetery. Several colonists intend going to the Northern territory topttend tho selection ofland. The new tariff projiosod by tho Treasurer, puts £2 per ton on rice, £1 per toil on salt, ulid tlireepenco per gallon on Itero:-erir-. and other oillst Quicksilver it; added to the free list. Ii, doubtful whether thctc alterations will The Government now issue gpld Uceusos f<jj> five montha for sixpence* ; • . The. annual expenses of the: esUibltshment at the Northern Territory will bo £8600, A long discussion took place in the Assembly on the .Land question; the feeling is lu iavor of adopting the new Victoria land law. The revised t-anff of tho-Ticasurer was thrown out without division* A motion tlmt tho House do immediately adjourn was carried against tho Government by a majority of.4. .. Shares in the Blumberg Geld Hynng Company are now worth £140. • A testimonial is to bo given to Councillor Baphael for bis exertions m establishing tbo City Markot. Tho Government were defeated in tho Assembly last night on so many questions that a reT: situation or dissolution is looked for to-day, The latter would be popular. , Tho Chief Secretary, returning from Woodhouse, where he bad neon to sea tho Governorafter yesterday's adverse vote in the Assembly, was thrown out of his carriage, ancl is stated to. be very seriously hurt. Tho Assembly adjourned till Tuesday to allow the Government time to consider their position; a dissolution is probable. Great preparations are being made for tho annual agricultural show. Wheat is firm at 5s. 3d. The Chief Jijsnoetor of Scab reports that flocks wore healthier at the end than at the be-, ginning of tho year. The Chief Secretary is somewhat better—no serious consequences ar-o anticipated from bis accident. Tho corn market is unaltered; prices are firm. 