MELBOURNE. Thursday. Private letters from Mauritius under date 4th February, adviso extensivo sales of white crystals, at G dollars 75 cents to 6 dollars 90 cents. Stocks are low, but still 40,000 tons are to go forward. The demand for India incoases this month. Holders of yellow crystals refuse to show samples, and will take nothing under 7 dollars. The St. Kilda and tho Amoor were loading for Melbourne. The report of the Melbourne Meat Preserving Company shows a profit for tho half year at tho rate of 60 per cent. In the Assembly tho debate on the budget has been adjourned. In tho event of Mr. M'Mahon's motion being negatived, Mr. M'Grogor will move an amendmont equivalent to a motion of want of confi dence. A dissolution would follow its adoption. The Darling Annuity Bill has passed tho Council. Mr. Duncan Gillies has been returned for Mary borough. Gamgee's samples of meat imported from Eng land, have been tested and found a complete failure. SYDNEY MEAT PEESEHVINO COMPANY.-A move, ment was set on foot at a meeting held in Sydney, on the 16th March, Mr. E. Mood, M.P., in the chair, for the formation of a meat preserving company in Sydney. Tho success of the Melbourne Company, who aro now purchasing; large numbers of cattle from New South wales to bo prepared at Port Phillip, and shipped for Europe, is sufficient reason for believing that a well conducted company in this city would be sure to be a profitable and very beneficial undertaking. So thought tho twenty gentlemen who assembled at tho first meeting for this object. And since the provisional committee appointed at that meeting have submitted their prospectus to public attention, many have come tothesamoconolusion. The last meeting was very numerously attended. The provisional committee now comprises many of our most wealthy and enterprising colonists. The names of the Hon. John Hay, M.L.O. ; the Hon. S. D. Gordon, M.L.O. ;the Hon. T. Holt, M.L.O. ; Sir W. Manning, E. Flood, Esq., M.P. ; George King, Esq., M.P.jBobert Fitzgerald, Esq., W. H. Suttor, Esq., M.P., and others who occupy positions of great influence in the com munity might be added, are a guaranteo that this is an enterprise based on a sound estimate of the materials to be wrought upon. By the prospectus it appears that tho company is not to bo restricted to any parti cular process of meat rireserving ; but at the outset the company will use that known as Appert's, theprinoiple of which is that tho meat is to bo boned and tissued, and cooked "in vacuo." It is needless to observe that tho establishment of such a company in Sydney woidd confer extensive benefits on tho business of tho colony. Under economical management it will at once become a substantial addition to the wealth producing resources of tho country. And with the Btimulus thus afforded perpetually for the rcnowed exercise of science and ingenuity in the improvement of tho process, there is every reason to believe that better means than any yet adopted will be dovised for the preservation of meat, to be transmitted to India and Europe. Charles Stewart, a culprit, who is not fourteen years of age, and a younger lad he had persuaded to accom pany him, loft the stations some tuno ago, where they wore employed to look after sheep, with tho intention of taking to tho road. Thoy stole two horses from a paddock near Murramburrnh, one of which Stewart afterwards exchanged for a gun, and having robbed a little boy of his boots, at Coolac, were pursued by tho lad's father, who obtained tho assistance of the poh0» at Gundagai, and they wore captured near Nangus. The younger culprit was returned to his parents, but his associate and leador was committed for trial^ and was sentenced last week to eighteen months' imprisonment, with hard labour, in Goulburn gaol. AK ENORMOUS KANGAROO.-Mr. Thomas M'Donald, of Duramana, killed on Sunday last, on the road at tue back of Mount Banken, about six milos from Bathurst, ono of the largest kangaroos that has over boen seen in this district. According to the Bathurst Times, m. M'Donald was accompanied by two dogs, and shortly after hoing sighted, tho "old man" was brought te bay. There was no heavy timber in the iTmediaT vicinity of the spot, so that the veteran of tho forest was unable to obtain any back support in tho shape ora large tree, and was placed rather at a disadvantage when attacked by his oanine opponents. He delonaeu himself with great obstinacy, however, and it wnS,,"°. until ho had boen brought to earth twelve times tn« ho "gave up the ghost." During tho attack, m. M'Donald stood oloso at hand with a loaded gun ieaay to despatch fhe kangaroo in tho event of either jM dogs being seized ; but owing to tho widoness w»« which they both fought, they did not sustain a Bingi soratch. Upon being measured, tho animal was tomi to bo over seven feot in length, and it is estimated wa it weighed upwards of 200 cwt. Tho tail.ftlone>f), L out off, measured four feet three inches m len^i, ^ twenty-four inches in circumference, at tue tm» part, and its weight was 24 lbs. 