NEWS AND NOTES. The mail steamer Avoca arrived in the Bay on Wed nesday afternoon. In the supplement to this day’s issue we give from our files the chief items of news. It is now understood that Mr James, one of the members for Ballarat West, will resign his seat in order to make a vacancy for the Hon. A. Michie, the new Attorney-General. Various motives, patriotic and otherwise, have been assigned as the cause of Mr James’ retirement from a position which he did not adorn, and very few persons will think that he has acted unwisely in quitting a sphere of life to which he was unsuited. With him another Old-hat is laid upon the shelf. The member for Jones has probably disco vered that more is done in Parliament than was dreamt of in his philosophy. At present there is no prospect of any real opposition to Mr Michie. To those who desire to see the constituency relieved from the burden of incapacity and shame under which it has labored Mr Michie is most welcome, and he would be gladly received even if he had not taken office under circumstances which are a practical pro-, test against the past. Mr R. Baker, a gentleman of purely local fame, has been mentioned as likely to enter the field to uphold the old familiar Btyle of thing, but little importance is attached to his threat-, ened opposition. The fragment of the Old-hat party is still, despite financial embarrassment and unplea santness in consequence, pretending to command the tide, and has gone the length of adopting a requisition to be presented to the Attorney-General. The Old-hat party is being deserted on all sides, for there seems to be' a general feeling that the last card in the last little game has been played, and the game been lost. Under such circumstances, Mr- Michie is likely'to liavo a, pleasant time .of it, for . those who now mutter opposi tion are not likely to face the serene contempt of the public for the party, which has smothered itself in its own filth. The committee of the Ballarat District Hospital, has decided upon commemorating the opening of the Alfred wing of the hospital by two promenade con certs and lectures by gentlemen who have attained reputation in that species of combined instruction and' entertainment. Prominent among the entertainments of Eastertide are those to'be held'on Monday and Tuesday, on the Eastern Oval, : in aid of the Ballarat East Public Library." The programme for the occasion presents j some feats of a novel character and of intrepid daring, | and as such cannot fail to prove very attractive, and consequently remunerative, which is the great object aimed at by the library committee. The committee has, however, regardless of cost, engaged artists of „ no ordinary ’ celebrity' - to perform,, not' only on the Oval on the days named, but also in the Alfred Hall for eight nights. There being no other public entertainments announced for the term, apart from the deserts of the troupe en gaged, there should be no reason to doubt the success of the venture. Among the feats will be introduced the daring exploit-'of .Mr. George Loyal—riding the aerial bicycle on the high rope. This performance has received much commendation- from the Melbourne press. Other feats by the Brothers 'Verletti'are of a highly sensational kind. The sports to be' held oh the Oval will consist of the usual pedestrian feats, for which a sum of £BO is to be given in . prizes. Among those entered are competitors from Mel bourne, Creswick, Chepstowe, and- the adjacent district. To add to these attractions, the, commit tee has made arrangements with the aeronaut, Mr Gale, who made such a successful.ascent on Monday, to make a second trip to the clouds on Easter Tuesday, when he will be accompanied by some persons desirous of making an aerial excursion. The Herald understands that a movement is about being initiated among the working classes of the colony to obtain contributions for the purpose of erecting a suitable monument to the memory of the. late Governor of Victoria.. The Ararat Advertiser writes:—“lt is not at all likely that Mr Wilson will be put to the trouble of a canvass, as we believe no opposition will be offered to his re- election.” Wednesday night’s Herald remarks : “The rumors that are afloat respecting the opposition to be given to the -re-election of Ministers seem to be entirely destitute of foundation. There is no likeli hood of Mr Reeves opposing Mr Bates, and it is ex ceedingly improbable that Mr O’Grady will oppose Mr Francis. Were it not that some indignation is felt at Mr Macpherson, there would not be the faintest show of opposition to any o: the new Cabinet. The following players hive been selected by the match committee of the 8.0. C. to represent that club in the matches against Ararat and East Melbourne on Friday and Saturday text, viz., Messrs Bennett, Clay, W. H. Figgis, B. J. Figgis, Gay, Huddleston, T. Morres, Sweeney (captain), Saunderson, Scates, and C. M. Watson. On Saturday, at Hamilton, a coroner’s inquest was held on T tlie remains of the late Mr John Tates, sheriff of the Ararat and Belfast Circuit District, who ex pired suddenly on the previous day. Dr Walter Scott, who made ay ostonortem examination, stated.that he found no external marks of violence. On opening the chest found the pericardium loaded with fat; the heart was very much enlarged and dilated, it was also loaded with fat, the walls of the auricles were very thin, the other internal organs were healthy. The cause of death was enlargement and dilation of the heart,with excessive fatty deposit in the pericardium and substance of the heart. The jury found the fol lowing verdict:—That John Yates, the said deceased, died from disease of the heart, on the Bth of April. The funeral took place on' Sunday, and was attended by a numerous retinue of the friends of deceased, con sisting of about one hundred persons in buggies, on horseback, and on foot. Ho action has yet' been taken with regard to the proclamation of the Bungaree Road District as a shire, and it is supposed that there is some hitch in the way. Mr W. Frazer will probably, from his place in Parliament, ask the cause of the delay. We are informed that Father O’Sullivan is still progressing favorably towards recovery, although he is very weak and suffering great pain. Owing to the want of room in the Ballarat gaol twenty-one convicted prisoners are to'be removed to Pentridge. They will be taken to Melbourne by the first train this morning, in charge of a strong escort ' under Serjeant Larner. We learn that Mrs Paul Michau, -wife of a carpenter at Sebastopol, died very suddenly on Tuesday afternoon. Her confinement took place about a fortnight since, but on Tuesday she was walking about the house. In the afternoon she suddenly fainted while talking to the nurse and a servant, and died in a few minutes. Mr Michau was from home at the time. Mrs Michau, whose death is supposed to have arisen from heart disease, leaves four little children motherless. A boy seven years of age, named William Cook, on Wednesday went into Thompson’s mill, Buninyong, and, no one being there, he began to play with some of the wheels of the machinery. He had his right hand so badly crushed between two cog-wheels that his removal to the hospital was considered necessary. The Bungaree Road District Board, at its meeting on 21st March, resolved to vote £2O to the Benevo lent Asylum, subject to the approval of the Governor in Council. A letter from the Assistant-Commissioner of Roads and Bridges was read at the meeting of the board yesterday, saying that under the new Shireß Statute road district boards were not empowered to vote sums of money to charitable institutions, such a privilege being restricted to shire and borough coun cils. It was resolved to forward a copy of. the letter to the committees of management of the Benevolent Asylum and Hospital,. the latter institution having also applied to the board for a donation. Judging from the Hamilton Spectator, which seems to be strongly opposed to him, Mr Macpherson is likely to be well supported when he again appears before his constituents. Perhaps he will be able to show that he was not guilty of the treachery charged against him. At all events, there appears to be no signs yet of opposition. . A meeting of the works and finance committees of the Ballarat East Borough Council and the Bungaree Road District Board, was held yesterday, relative to the main Daylesford road via Fellmongers. The mayor, and Councillors Josephs, Curtis, Thompson, and Fussell, and Messrs Brophy, Forbes, Walker, and Anderson, of the board, were present. The mayor, who was voted to the chair, said the manager of the Ballarat East branch of the London Chartered Bank had agreed to take the joint and several promissory notes of the members of the board for the £2OOO re quired. The promissory note required was then signed by the members of the board. The engineer reported that all the works were completed, and for £lOB less than the amount of the contracts. Cross ley, one of the contractors, who had been ninety days behind the contract time was fined £45, and Johnston and Shannon, who had been forty days behind time, were fined £2O. It was decided to allow Tierney and Cos. to transfer their contract for maintenance to Ditchbum, subject to the usual conditions. The fol lowing accounts were passed for payment:—Crossley, £5O 15s; Johnston and Shannon, £ll7 16s; Brown, £2; Surplice, £1 ss. The commandant has been pleased to approve of the following acting appointments in the volunteer force, viz.:—Captain Commandant W. C.'Smith, Ist Ballarat Rifle Corps, to be Acting- Major. Staff-Sergeant A J. Boulton, 3rd Ballarat Rifle Corps, to be Acting- Lieu tenant, and to be available for duty on . the District Staff. As some doubt has existed as to whether volunteers can still obtain land certificates by serving the period required by the regulations, notwithstanding the repeal of the Land Act 1865, a case has recently beensubmitted for the opinion ofo Mr. Fellows, of which the following is the chief point:—A person became a member of the' Ballarat Volunteer Rifles in the month of February, 1866, aud has served as an effective volunteer under the regulations in force from that to the present time, being a period of over five years. Counsel will please advise, supposing the person to complete the full period of five years required by the Amending Land Act 1865 as an effective volunteer under the regula tions in force, would he; notwithstanding the repeal of; thesaidact, be entitled to obtain the certificate mentioned in section 5 of act of 18651” The opinion is as follows: —“ln my opinion the repeal of the Act of 1865, though it saves existing rights, does not enable a volunteer whose right has not fully matured to go on and com plete his right.” An opinion ■ was also asked as to whether two certificates could be obtained, to which the reply was in- the negative. Also, as to whether the time of service could be extended beyond five years, to which the reply was that it would depend upon the regulations, but could not be less than five years. The last two questions are, however, of little importance, as they are disposed of by the reply to the first. In our report of the Police-court in our Wednesday’s issue, we made it appear as though £1 costs had been awarded to plaintiff in the case of Moss v Reeves, a sum mons for balance of an account. Mr Reeves says an order was made for the amount paid into court, with one guinea costs to hiin. A traveller has informed the Gippt Land Mercury that'a few evenings ago the fungi at the butts of the trees were quite luminous, with the phosphorus sup posed to be imparted to themduring the late electri cal disturbances. Since the appearance of the Aurora Australis a few evenings ago, the presence of electri city has been marked, so much so that it is said sur veyors have not been able to rely upon their instru ments as usual. On Tuesday afternoon was received into the Cres wick Hospital “William Johnson, laborer, aged 43; years, who, whilst working on a straw-stack at Rocky- Lead, slipped off, and fell between the railings of a fence, sustaining compound fracture of the left-leg. On the same day wa3 received a boy of five years, named Anthony Mitchell, Creswick, who accidentally put his right foot in his father’s chaff- cutting machine,- whereby -all -the toes were fearfully crushed. Dr Starke amputated the foot just below the instep. The Ballarat Turf Club Autumn Steeplechases take place this day on the Dowling Forest Racecourse, and should the weather be fair, this meeting promises to be the most successful yet held by the club.. -. The entries are numerous and of good quality, and'al though the late rain will probably have made the ground rather sloppy, should the weather keep fine the course will be in very fair order. As we stated some time ago, the accommodation for horses, jockeys, and spectators at the course is now most complete, a [ great many alterations having been made since .the last race meeting. Craig’s was crowded with “horsey” men last night, most of the.’ Melbourne bookmakers having come up. In another column will be found a list of the entries for the different races. Babbler and Whitefoot have been scratched for the Selling Steeplechase, Victor and Triumph for the Hurdle Race, and Reindeer for the Steeplechase. In another column will be found the entries for the races to take place on the Eastern’ Oval,' on Easter Monday and Tuesday, at the sports for the benefit of the Ballarat Public Library. The usual fortnightly meeting of the committee of the Early Closing Association was held at the Me chanics’ Institute, on Tuesday evening, when the re portof the sub-committee, appointed to determine upon the best mode of inducing the employers in the vari ous trades to close at an earlier hour, wa3 adopted, and the necessary steps ordered to be taken for effect ing it : s object. It was also resolved that the inaugural demonstration should assume the form of a soiree, to be held at the Alfred Hall, on Tuesday, 3rd May, When it is expected there, will be a large gathering of both employers and employed, and that more friendly relations between the two classes will thereby be pro moted. The direction of the musical portion of the[ entertainment will be entrusted to Mr J. Uren, who will be assisted by a number of talented amateurs, whilst Mr Cannam will provide the tea and other re freshments. After the disposal of several matters of. general business the meeting was adjourned. Some scandal (observes Wednesday’s Argus) had been caused by a rumor which was freely circu lated during the past week to the effect that a leading member of the opera company had been caught mis conducting himself in Carlton Gardens, but happily the vague and mischievous canard was indubitably confuted at the City Court yesterday, when a Prussian named William Black, otherwise Schwartz, was charged with indecent conduct in Carlton Gardens. It was shown that, on the afternoon of the 1st inst., the man had been caught misbehaving himself, but was let off because the head gardener, Mr Hyhdman, who detected him did not know very clearly what to do. Schwartz stated to the gardener that he was the leading member of Lyster and Smith’s Italian Opera Company, and that he would be ruined if the affair were made public, and also that he had just been made a Free mason. The man was a foreigner, and of a sallow complexion, and the gardener at first credited his statement, so that the rumor above referred to thus got into circulation. A warrant was issued for the arrest of the man, and on Monday the gardener seeing him in the street set a watch upon him, and arrested him as soon as possible. The prisoner pleaded “ not guilty” to the charge, but admitted being the man found in the gardens and let off. He was fined £10, or two months in gaol. The money was not paid. In an article upon Mr M’Culloch’s address to the electors of Momington, the Geelong Advertiser says:— “ After all, however, the burden of Mr M’Culloch’s address is characteristic, as we have already remarked. It is full of self-confidence, and it asks for the time which was denied to the late Government, with an innocent air of simplicity which would -be amusing if it had not been preceded .with a little of that stone throwing which, though amusing to the M’Culloch boys was death to the Macpherson frogs. Give us time, he says, in almost set terms, and we will give you a strong Government: you don’t want anything done in 1870, although so much is required by the country in the way of law reform: give us supplies for the year, and we will promise not to spend more than we can help; with some nine or ten months in which to arrange our plans, and the opportunity of controling a general election then, we think we can manage to promise you a Government which will be strong, and which will cling to power as pertinaciously, and as limpet-like as the last M’Culloch Government did. This is, in fact, the real meaning of Sir James M'Cul loch’s address to the electors of Momington—a literal, if not a polite or flattering, interpretation of his mel lifluent phrases.” In spite of the dulness of the times, it seems that some effort i3 to be made, by a few at least, to have some hunting during the coming season. A meeting of the Hunt Club is this evening to be held at Craig’s hotel, to take the matter into consideration. A general training institution for teachers has been .established by the Board of Education, in connection with the Central Schools, Melbourne, where students in training can receive the literary and professional instruction necessary to fit them for the profession they have undertaken. The arrangements of the board (observes the Argus) are extremely liberal, and should encourage students, both male and female, to avail themselves of the opportunities afforded them of perfecting themselves in the art of teaching. Captain Osborne, R.N., has arrived by the mail steamer in Adelaide. His mission is to promote tele graphic extension to Australia, and with this object in view he will visit the other colonies. Captain Osborne is the originator of the company which pledges itself to land a cable at Port Darwin in 1871, and carry the land line thence to Burke Town, in Queensland, or otherwise, as the Australian colonies may agree upon. The Executive decided on Tuesday upon com muting sentences of death passed upon two prisoners, named Wm. O’Connor and Quon Son, both for un- natural offences. In the former case, the sentence was altered to fifteen years’ hard labor, the first three in irons; and in the latter to twelve, years’ hard labor. The Hon. W. Bates was sworn in on Tuesday as Vice-President of the Board,of Land and Works. A writ was issued by the President of the Legis lative Council on Tuesday, for the election, of a member for the Central Province, in the [room of the Hon. T. T. A’Beckett, the Commissioner of Trade and Customs. The nomination is fixed for the 20th, and the polling for the 29th inst. Our local Garrick Club, from all that we can hear, seems likely to fall to pieces from want of unani mity amongst its members. The club some time ago arranged for a daring amateur piece of acting and selected the tragedy of “ Hamlet” for one portion of the performance. We have heard of the extreme in convenience attendant upon the. .production of “ Hamlet” without “ the Prince of Denmark,” but in this instance the production with the Prince seems to be the chief difficulty in the way. The cast was some time ago made, we believe, arid to Mr George Moore was allotted the Prince’s part; but after a con siderable time spent in rehearsals, one of the grave-dig gers, and a gentleirian who would not have cared to live in Hamlet’s time in consequence of the dearth of periodicals, with another amateur actor desirous of an exalted dramatic walk, presented a memorial in order that a meeting of the club might be held to re-arrange the parts. It seems that each is desirous of playing the Prince, and as the club is not supposed to follow the rule of the London theatre described by Dickens, where ambitious players paid as much as £3 10s to be allowed to play Richard the Third, there are very great difficulties in the way of a settlement. As each actor is supposed by this time to have studied his part well, it would be a pity to have a change, as we might then be awestricken on the night of production by finding the first grave-digger doing the soliloquy, Hamlet joking about having a flagon of Rheinish poured about his head by Yorick, or the ghost giving the local players a piece of advice not at all called for at his hands. The club should agree to go on for the present as it arranged some time ago. The very fact of an amateur club taking upon its shoulders a play entirely unfitted for amateurs threatens quite, enough of burlesque without the' danger being in creased by a dispute and change of parts, at the last moment. If an arrangement is arrived at. “London Assurance” is to be the second piece. Entries are to be. made at the Buck’s Head this evening for the sports on the Oval connected-with the Eight Hours Association, on Thursday, the 21st inst. In connection with the same association we may remind our readers that a grand concert is to be given in the evening of the same day, at the Alfred Hall, in aid of the funds of the Benevolent Asylum.. ■- Telegraphic communication has been established between Majorca and the principal towns of the co lony. This has caused great joy to the inhabitants of Craigie. A correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald who has made the passage to England via Brindisi, has furnished that journal with some interesting par ticulars relative to a certain part of the cargo from Suez to Italy. He says :—“ There are 600 cases of silkworms’ eggs, each weighing about 100 lb. The eggs are on cards, 10,000 on each, and there are 200 cards in each. case—the germs of 4,000,000, or in all 2,010,000,000 caterpillars to regenerate and supply the failing or perished stocks of France and Italy, Japan being the source of supply. This consignment was worth about £60,000. The total amount paid by Europe for; eggs to Jaipah, where a. healthy variety ex- was £BOO,OOO in 1869 !•” j It will be Temembered that not long since an at tempt was made to burn the house.at Castlemaine of Mr Pearson Thompson, the barrister. “On Monday, reports the Daylesford Mercury, “a woman named Mary Foley, a" cast-off mistress of Mr Thompson, and another person named Frances Heither, were charged at the police-court here with conspiring to accuse one Margaret—Riley, also a paramour of Mr Thompson’s, with the attempt at arson. It was pretty clearly shown that Foley, who could not read or write, had persuaded Heither to write .a letter to herself (Foley), purporting to be -Riley’s, containing a threat that if Foley went into a certain house of Mr Thompson’s in Daylesford, it , should bo fired likethe one at Gastle maine. 'The forgery was a clumsy imitation of the writing of Sydney Thompson—a child of Mr Thomp son’s by the woman Riley—while the prisoners had been stupid enough to post the letter at Daylesford. Both were committed for trial at the next Castle maine Circuit Court. Mr Thompson asked the bench to have letters read that would prove that he had not left Foley and her child without support, but Mr Webster, P.M., said the documents were irrelevant to the cate.” On the duration of- the Legislative Assembly the Geelong Advertiser has the following observations:— ‘‘ Within a very brief period there has been a rumor set afloat in ' reference to the duration of the Legis lative Assembly, and also as to'the consequence that would'result from a dissolution of the House before it'will become extinct .from .effluxion of time. It is well known that erroneous statements in reference to . the latter especially, have been very industriously cir culated, in order, to prejudice the public against a | dissolution of the Legislative Assembly other than by ! effluxion of time. It is well, therefore, to state the facts of these matters plainly and concisely. By the Act of the 22nd Victoria, No. 89, it is enacted in clause 2— ‘ The present and every future Legislative Assembly shall exist and continue for three years from the day of the first meeting thereof, and no longer; subject nevertheless to be sooner dissolved by the Governor.’ It is, therefore, perfectly clear from the foregoing that the present Legislative Assembly will not expire by effluxion of time until March, 1871, as it first met in March, 1868. Then arises the question as to whether an earlier dissolution of the House by the exercise of the Governor’s prerogative would have any effect upon the duration of the Assembly that may be elected to succeed it. From the same clause the answer is obtainable:—The succeeding Assembly and every Legislative Assembly that may be hereafter elected while the law remains unaltered, ‘ shall exist and continue for three years from the day of the first meeting thereof,’ unless dissolved by the Governor. It is apparent from this that there is not the slightest foundation for the statement that if there were to be an immediate dissolution there must be another in March next. The law is so explicit oh the point that it is not necessary to do more than state its pro visions, and even that would not have been requisite had it not been for the attempts that have lately been made to mislead those who are unacquainted with, the provisions of the act." On • Monday, a man named James Connors, a splitter, residing at Ross’ Creek, of Cherry-tree, wa3 arrested at Smythesdale on a charge of drunkenness. Connors, who was stupidly intoxicated, had with him a cheque for £B. When sober enough to be disposed of by a magistrate, he was brought before Mr John Keith, J.P., Smythesdale, who fined him ss, in de fault twelve hours’ imprisonment. It is only a few months ago since the same man was in the Smythes dale lock-up on a like'charge, and then he stated that he had just got rid of about £7 in a drunken spree, and was wandering about and did not know where to go to get a drink on credit. ; At the -Woodend Police-court on Monday, Hans Henry Hoy, a German, was charged with assaulting Margaret Cully alias Mountain Meg, with intent, &c.; and William Nolan, with aiding and abetting in the offence. The woman is the wife of a splitter named William Cully, at present. undergoing a term of im prisonment in Melbourne. She-had at night been in the bar of Sutton’s Duke of Edinburgh hotel, and on leaving it was followed by the two men and the as sault attempted in an adjoining way- right. The pri soners were at once arrested, and were committed for trial at tlieJMelboume Criminal Sessions. The right to hold a publican’s booth at the Scars dale sports on Easter monday, has been purchased by Mr Thomas Farrell, of Scarsdale, for £l2; and the right to hold a refreshment booth and fruit stall at the same place has been purchased by Mr G. D. Knight, of Newtown, for £B. For the races in ques tion, there were, it seems, 68 nominations, and there have been 51 acceptances. On Wednesday, a course a quarter of a mile in circumference was laid off, and it is intended to fence 100 yards of the course, and to have seats erected in front; of the fence. With the view of having everything as commodious as possible both a committee room and a dressing room are to be erected on the grounds. 1 The committee purposes commencing the sports precisely at twelve o’clock. In consequence of there being no quorum present on 12th April, the usual meeting of the Creswick Council did not take place. . - An interesting lecture on Eastern commerce and the Suez Canal was delivered by the Rev. A. Morrison, at the Presbyterian Church, Clunes, on 12th April. Our Learmonth correspondent writes:—“The action taken by the Ballaratshire Council, at its meeting on last Monday, with respect to the application of Mr Learmonth for the council’s recommendation for the alienation of a road leading to the Cockpit Lagoon the inlet and outlet to which are on the Messrs Lear month’s private property, forms a precedent which doubtless will be quickly followed. The action taken will be seen by the advertisement in the Star, which calls upon ratepayers feeling aggrieved to state in writingto the council their reasons against the aliena tion of the road in question. This advertisement is a mere matter of form, though perhaps necessary, for the road that the Messrs Learmonth wish to purchase is of not the slightest use to the public. The same may be said of many roads within this shire, being only such by name, for they will never be required for use: It is, therefore, for the ratepayers to take action, and get these roads alienated, and the lands turned to better account.” “ Mounted- constable Grellis, of Glenlyon, must have a delectable time of it. ” The Daylesford Mercury says: —“ There being no lock-up there, he is compelled to keep prisoners in his own room till they can be con veyed to Daylesford, seven miles distant. On Satur day night he had occasion to arrest a drunken woman, and was consequently compelled to make her his guest till morning. It will be understood that, under such circumstances, sleep is out of the question. In justice to the police, Government ought to provide a safe place of detention at the out-stations.” The Sydney Morning Herald quotes a paragraph from the San Francisco Bidlctin which states that Madame Anna Bishop is about to seek a divorce from her husband, Mr Schultz. We (Age) are in a position to give the statement a direct contradiction, Madame Bishop, at last American advices, being comfortably settled with her husband on her farm near New York. A correspondent sends us the following: “ The re turn cricket match between the Buninyong United Eleven and an eleven chosen from the Lai Lai and Buninyong East Clubs, was played on Saturday last on the ground of the United Club, and in consequence of the inclemency of the weather the match termi nated very unsatisfactorily to both sides. The Lai Lai and Buninyong East Eleven took the wickets, and when the last wicket fell the score, including sundries, had reached 54; Baker, by careful play, contributing 18, and Smith 13. The United Eleven followed, and .eight wickets fell for 50 runs. At this stage of the game an adjournment was made to the pavilion, where a plentiful' repast was provided by Mr Selleck, of the Crown hotel, to which ample justice was done. After lunch, the rain, which had been threat ening for some time, came down in torrents, com pletely covering the ground with water. The captain of the Lai Lai eleven, seeing the folly of continuing the game, consulted with the other captain on the ad- of drawing the stumps and playing the match out on some future day, allowing the scores to stand as they were. This proposal was rejected by the_ captain of the Buninyong eleven, although the majority of his players were favorable to it. The con sequence was .that the Lai Lai eleven had again to take the field, with the understanding, however, that the match was to' be decided by the first innings. The fielders presented a curious spectacle, nearly up to their knees in water,‘ imitating the ‘quacking’of ducks. Sbrne three or four maiden overs were deli vered, the players merely defending their wickets, as it was impossible to make a rim off anything but a u- P l *- C ‘ -A- couple of singles were afterwards got, whmh made the score 52. A wicket fell the next over. The last man now went in, and imme diately '■afterwards a ■ decision, was given by the • Buninyong umpire which is perhaps un paralleled m the history of cricket. One of the .bowlera delivered a ‘grubber,’ but the quantity of water between the wickets stopped the ball before it reached the batsman, who, however, ran up to strike •it. The Buninyong umpire (who was at the same end as the batsman) then called out ‘no balL’ The other umpire (who, of course, was the proper one to give a decision) was appealed to, and answered in the ne gative; but, notwithstanding this, the ‘no ball’wasduly recorded. The other wicket fell without the batsman adding to the score, making the total 53, the Lai Lai Eleven .winning by. one run. The decision given by the umpire with reference to the ‘no ball’ created great dissatisfaction amongst the visitors. The dis courtesy of the captain they could -overlook; they ex pected to find in the umpire an impartial man, but found one who was as much interested in the game as any of the players. He was remonstrated with i several times for speaking to the batsmen about how they should play certain, balls, the' run, &c.;, but he excused himself’ ontJT 1 «a*b had been so bug captain couidnot help it.’ As captain ! the players might be tolerated, but i,T something unique. His decis on to ignorance, for it is a wellkn™ ? n tb5 %Vu roughly understands the guo^i tht k 1 it can be put down to nothing else w .The Bumnyong players, with one x> treated the visitors in a verv I fact, when their captain refused they offered to subscribe towanls the& ft It is much to be regretted that tt P cllJ5 « tier, these gatherings cannot conductthem'.* more orderly manner, andnotindSf gate slang as was made use of on lif tnt!l Eu:~ day. Many of these ‘ hobble-de^r*W ca purpose than to drink the surnhf, disturbance. Of course the nfemh^ 1 ® acr * cannot be held responsible for such !?V { lti ought at least to do their utmof tition of last Saturday’s proceeding denied that such conduct bringf^^ 