THE LAST THING OUT IN AMERICAN SECTARIANISM. Great religions excitement exists In Maeopin twelve miles from Paterson. A new religions so ciety, called " Jehovah's bond." has been started, supplanting a favourite station of the MetliodLt Utiorcb. Tho Methodist sent their bent preachers t«> combat tho hcrcHy. but tboy are repudiated. Each in turn is forced to luavo. i ne pccuunr lorui m iroramp uevetnpe ttaoil in puffing, blowing, wlrietling, fllmuriiig, jumping, wrcatling, falling to tho floor, and rolling over and kicking. Both men and womon engage iu tho ex- ercfocfl. Baptism is br immersion in the village inill-pond at the doad hour of night. On Sunday thoy hold continuous service, and take n roccaa for meals only, refusing to rend a nowspaper, or ovou to receive a letter on that day. ICvory Thursday orening they hold their meet ings in tho school-house, until a difficulty about tho candles used led them to leave it, and now they meet in any honso in tho neighbourhood whoro tho spirit manifests itself, John Uhinesmtth, a wealthy ami woll-to.do farmer of tho neighbourhood, is tho chief man of the band, ond recently had his house rebuilt espe cially to accommodate tbo brethren ; ono room resting on strong beams, it stands tho jumping ; but about a month ago nn ardent momber, in n par oxysm of fanaticism, declared that whon filled by tho Uoly Ghost ho felt as light ns air. and oven though they jumped upon a looking-glass thoy would not no much nn bruino it with a scratch; whereupon ho began to leap upon tho atovo-hcarth and broko it off, nnd ihon leaping on tho top broko in tho frail curorn, and finally smashed a big rock- ing-chuir heforo ho nubsided. Recently lthinosmith baptised Gilbert B. Speaker, n man of family and a convert to tbo new faith, tho baptism taking placo iu RUinosmith's milt-poml. before tho members of the band, amid nhouts and cries: the wholo gang atone timo nhoutcd " firo," to tho alarm of others In tho neigh bourhood, it being than after midnight. Ono of tho band told a reporter that as he was at work in bis barn ho got the spirit, and that he ran ono mile ovor ditches and fences bofnro the spirit left him, nnd all this thuo ho was so elated that ho thought ho was flying. When jumping into ecatacy of tho Holy Ghost, they say their spirits riso abovo thoir bodies. Thoy permit no pcraon. except those belonging to the band, to join with thein in singing or jump ing, or any other of tho uxoroitios, although no ob jection Is tnndo to tho attendance of outsidor nt tho meetings of tho band. A dozen will have tho floor nt once pounding and kiolring, and the wholu crowd Booms workod up to a fearful stato of excito- ment — somo jumping until thoy fall, tho women shrieking in the wildest manner, and others pray ing. whistling, or puffing, as for a wager. They permit no levity on tho part of tho young folks duriug their proceedings. Mr. Cobb, one of tho band, is thought to ho growing insane under tlio excitement of this roligiou plironsy. Thoro fa no dnnbt that tho tnombors of the band aro sincere enthusiasts. The society now numbers ovor 600 members. — New York Telegram to the Cincinnati Commercial. Binqular Traoedt im Auerioa. — A Chicago paper nay : — Information has beon received In this city, through a private letter, of a singularly bold and blood-thirsty occurrcnco which took placo In Calhoun, Kentucky, near GrconBivcr, two Sundays ago. Tho scene of tho outrago was Gods sanc tuary, and tho principals a rebel and a rigid UDiomst. too union man unci occn xirmiy loyni through tho war, and had exerted btmiolf to his utmost nil through tho rebellion In procuring tho arrest of rebels, nnd aiding tho right to his best ability. Ilo was known, feared, nod hated, ns a man of great zeal, firm convictions, and strong prejudices. On tho day referred to, ho was In tho church, when a man who was noted for his robal nrlnciplos nlsocarao to tho church with Ms brothor. Tho Abolitionist slammed tho door in Ms faco, saying do robol should como in, and fastoncd it. Oiving instructions to his brothor to stand at tho door, pistol iu hand, and shoot tho ofleodor should bo como out, tho other tore a rail from a neigh bouring fonco, broko opou a window, and climbed Into tho church. Ho sprang upon his cnomy, tbrow.hira to tho grouod before he could dofond himself, and cut his throat from ear to car.- Tho congregation wore parulyzod with horror, nnd mado no effort to arrest or disarm Mm. Ho deliberately strodo out of the church, collcctod a party of friends, crossed Grcon River to Delaware, aud has Dot boco beard of sioco. TEnniDLS Colliery. Expobion.— A torrible col llory acoidont happened on April 8 near Bothgato- tho centre of a district where collieries nnd mineral oil dislillorie are numerous. It was discovered about half-past olovon o'clock in tho morning that tho upcast bh:ift of Slarlaw Shalo pit was on firo. Tho upcast and downcast shafts uro contiguous, and the men tending the furnace at tho bottom of tbo shaft had noticed the ventilating shaft on fire, and had, as they thought, put out tbe flames. Shortly afterwards, botvover. it was seen that tho woodwork of the upcast shaft was on flro. Tho underground manager was informod of tho fact, and ho causod tho colliers who wore at work to bo suuimoued. Thoro were then fifty-six men in tho pit, nnd before they were assombled at tho bottom of tho downoast shaft, tho framework at tho mouth of the pit was all on firo, and the woodwork %f the downcast shaft wss becoming ignited. On tbe sur face, the alarm had spread, and the ongtneman had sent the cage down tho downcast shaft, nnd within less than ten minutes forty-nine out of tbe fifty-aix men had been brought up. The cnglneman was in imminent danger of burning, for thn colliers were literally drawn through the flames. It was impos sible, owing to the flames and smoke, to sco whon tho cage wns nt tho top, nnd tho enginemnn was conse quently guided solely by hit gnago, Tho last man but ono who was brought tin was actually brought up and sent down again without being seen, and was brought up again all but Itisunsibla. The cago was thou red hot. and ho wns moat sovcrely burned. Another man broke his leg In leaping from tho cage, and Is not likely to livo. When at last it was found that no moro carno to tho suifaco, attempts were rondo to extinguish tho flro. Aftor great labour this was accomplished, and a search made in tho pit for tho missing men. Thoy were found in different directions on their faces, only ono being iu the least burned. It is tho opinion of medical men that death was causod bv want of air, the flames in the shaft having actually exhausted the air In the pit. Six out of tho seven doad tnon were married, and five of tbem Ieavo largo families. It rooms that while tho men wore being drawn up. tho ropo attached to tho cago took -flro, and tho men were watchim? expecting every moment that it would break. The pit bolnngs to Simpson and Co., in which Mr. McLagan, M. P.. is a partner. Fatal Conflagration at Cardiff.—' Tho mot destructive fire which has ever nccured in Cardiff broke out lately at threo u'clock iu tho morning and caused tho death of four persons. Tho scene cf the fire was tho Glamorgan llotol, a largo throe-story houso In liuto-town, Cardiff. The occupier was a Mr. Stacey, and he aod Ms daughter, with two grandsons, a captain, and a commercial traveller, were the solo Inmates of tho house on tho night pre vious. Between half-pa<t two ami threo o'clock neighbours wore aroused by a crackling sound, nnd on looking out of their windows it was seen that flame were issuing from the collar and bar of tho hotel. It would seem that by this tiino tho fire bad been discovered insido the house anil had awakened the landlord. Ho aroused Captain Manning fwjio Is the roaster of a ship in tho port) and advised Mm to mako inward tho back prennnus, which, with somo difficulty— for tho flames had taken possoision of tho staircase— ho succeeded in doing. Mr. Stacey wont back to tho otbor part of tho houso with tbe intention, as he stated, of awakonhig tho other inmate. Ho appear, however, to have got no further than tho bedroom In wbich ono of his grandsons slept, and, taking up in his arms the still sleeping boy, ho turned to make his way to a placo of sefcty. Tho firo, however, bad takon possession of the passago through .which be passed, aud whs rapidly surrounding him, when, overcome by tho suffocating smoko, ho stumbled nnd fell from a landing into a club room which runs out from the main building. Here ho was discovered iu«ensiblo some hours after, and the child, to rescue whom ho bad risked his life, lay dead at bis side. " Yo'ti must be a brave msn/'said arong hold customer to a spindle- shanked fop. "How an?" anked : the pleaxrd young man. " Why," replied the rough old satirist, " because it intisl. take a deal o' courage to trust that soft brain o' younj a top u' I tbs in are legs." 