THE DEPRESSED CONDITION OF THE COLONY. A meeting of the electors of East Torrens was held in tho Town Hall, Norwood, on Tuesday evening, February 8, " to devise means to ame liorate the present condition of the colony." There was a large attendance, His Worship the Mayor of Kensington and Norwood (Mr. E. T. Smith) presiding. His Worship, who took the chair 40 minutes after the advertised time, said that, with all due deference to the conveners of the meeting, he thought the advertisement was of a sufficiently anonymous character to have jnstifiod their candidates absenting themselves if they had thought necessary (Hear, hear.) He suggested that the names of the conveners of meet ings should append their names to the notices, (Hear, hear.) Those present were well aware that the present was one of a series of meetings to be held throughout the colony with a view to curing tha present evils. Every well-wisher of the colony would be glad to know that there were persons in the colony who were up and doing. They would show their so-called representatives that they would not be bound by their views and actions. Mr. C. S. Hare, moved the following resolution - ' That in the opinion of this meeting cheaper land and increased facilities for agricultural settlement are absolutely necessary for the pre servation and future progress of the country.' The convenors of the meeting did not come forward as the representatives of any particular section of politics ' Messrs. Skelton and J. Clark had banded themselves together to get land here as cheap and on as easy term as in Victoria. (Applause.) He threw himself into the movement with the utmost enthusiasm. He was quito prepared to advocate cheaper land. Now he would not adopt the Puritan style of twenty-fifth and lastly, but would simply touch on a few facts in connection with the subject. Cheap land would be the salvation of tho colony. (Cheers.) The effect of cheap land was shown to great advantage in the other colonies, the United States, and Canada. In the latter places 160 acres were given to every family who settled on the land. He did not want them to give their land away. When reclaimed from their native state, the lands here were very rich in quality, and would attract population. Encouragement to the way of cheap land should be held out to immigrants from the United Kingdom. In this way the waste lands would be cleared and culti vated, and a hotter state of things brought about. The farmers as a rule might not carry on agricultural operations on any scientific system, but they would learn to do so in time, and in the meantime they should be protected. The Government should not be the judgment creditor of the farmer, and when he was in difficulties and his crops failed to seize all he possessed. They should leave him his implements and stock to enable him to carry on. ( Hear, hear.) In this way they would retain their population. That might be a new doctrine to his hearers, but it would be paternal government. When the farmers went two years ago to the Strangways Ministry to ask for land reform they got trash. When they asked for bread, they were offered a stone. (Cheers.) When they wanted cheap land, they were offered it at £2 per acre. Much of the land was worn out with over cropping, and additional country should be thrown open to the farmers. Things here were in a demoralized condition, because in the thriving colony of Victoria they were next door to throwing away the land. (Cheers.) The terms there were 2s. per acre per annum for 10 years for blocks not exceeding 320 acres. At the end of the decennial period the land was constituted a freehold. (Hear, hear.) The government here must give a better or at least an equally liberal land policy, to enable this colony to compete with her rival. By the last steamboat to Melbourne 79 labouring men left Port Adelaide, and 45 by the preceding boat, while he was assured that in three weeks 150 persons crossed the Murray at Wellington to settle in Victoria. In the Garden of the Colony — Mount Gambier- residents were leaving in ? because land in Victoria was offered at a cheaper rate. (Applause.) They must meet this difficulty at once. If the bone and sinew of the place, the farmers, and artisans left the colony, what were the rest to do ? They would have a city of ghosts. (Laughter.) Their chapels cost them a good deal ; but they would have to be left behind. A wiser and more liberal scheme could be devised. Their land here was not so well watered as the Victorian, and therefore not so good. Consequently they must be a little more liberal. The Committee's broad platform was cheap lands and free selection. In his section of the platform scheme he held some what more liberal opinions. Mr. Sellar might laugh. There was a sort of sneering devil in his laugh. That young man of the day, he thought, was the jackass of the period. ( Laughter. ) He proposed grant of 640 acres, with free selection and payments extending over 20 years, and one-fifth to be put under cultiva tion. What he wanted would be bona fide settlement. (Hear, hear.) The Wakefield system had done good, but its day had passed. The perpetual cry had been ' Wheat ! wheat !' and in consequence over-cropping had reduced the yield from twenty to five and six bushels to tho acre. (Hear,- hear.) A better plan than this should be pursued as in England, where there were sheepwalks which kept the farms in heart, as they supplied portions of farms alternately with manure; and he would like to see a similar plan adopted here. A small family could well manage a farm of 640 acres. He would join in the memorial to dissolve the present Parliament and elect a new one pledged to meet this question. He had nothing to do with individual members, but the whole were at fault. Some were clever men amongst them. He had nothing to say against Mr. Strangways, who would, he thought, ' Turn about, and wheel about, and jump Jim | Crow, Turn about, and wheel about, and do just so.' (Laughter.) Whatever would make him the Governor of the period he would adopt. ( Laughter. ) The fresh men would attend to the voice of the colony, and carry useful measures for the welfare of the colony. He knew what the general feeling was, and men of thought considered that if a new Parliament could not do better they would have to return to the old nominee system. (Shame.) Mr. A. Dowie seconded. There were times when all should speak out, and not give out an uncertain sound. (Applause.) One reason for cheaper land was because it was the chief cause of the prosperity of all young countries. This was exemplified in America. This colony prospered in its early days because the land policy was more liberal than in the other colonies. Now, however, there was a change, and the tables were turned. The Victorian Government hid promulgated a more liberal Land Act, and the people were leaving here for the sister colony. During the last I5 years they had had no good market for their produce. Victoria was formerly a customer, but now she was growing as much as the residents required, and they should devise an equally liberal land measure to that of the sister colony to attract and retain population. He had great faith in the future of the colony, The well- directed industry of the colonists he thought would eventually make this a great and flourishing colony. He did not therefore sympathize with the cry that the colony was going to the dogs. (Applause and disapprobation.) Mr. J. A. Holden supported the resolution. He thought every well-wisher of the colony should come forward and express his opinions. He believed if they did not soon have cheaper land they would lose the bone and sinew of the colony. The platform he took was cheap land and free selection, with payments to be decided by the people and their representatives. When 2s per acre was to be paid annually in Victoria, that should be the extreme limit here, and if anything the terms should be even more liberal than those on the other side. He altogether objected to the tone of the letter which appeared in the Register signed ' Capital.' The writer stated that the agitators of the present movement were doing harm to the colony by the action they were taking, by the serious injury they are inflicting upon those who have purchased land under the old and present system.' He joined issue with the writer entirely. He believed that if the land north of the Burra and Port Augusta and west ward from Port Lincoln were thrown open for settlement on the terms he suggested this would not permanently deteriorate the value of land at present owned. (Cheers.) The land in New York had not been depreciated in value because of tho 160-acre gifts to settlers in the unsettled inland parts of tha United States. On the con trary, the land in that city, as he knew of his own knowledge, had increased in value immensely. The 10,000 people who emigrated to New York weekly did not all go to the outer districts. Some settled in the city and neighbourhood, and this had been the cause of the value of property having been enhanced by the influx of immigrants. If the price of land were reduced, there would be really more encouragement offered to the capitalist than under the existing system. He deprecated the remark in the letter he had referred to that in the event of this reduction capitalists would call in their securities, which would be tantamount to ruining many farmera. He repeatod that a cheaper system would not ultimately depreciate tho va'ne of settled land. If a farmer could leave his small holding and go inland where he could get land by paying 2s. per annum for 10 years, it would eventually benefit all parties. In every area of land granted in America a largo block was reserved for school purposes, the rental paying all necessary expenses ; and he would like to see a similar provision made here. (Applause.) He was informed that the land in Victoria was not better than South Australian land. (No, no.) Well, if it was not so good they should give it at a cheaper rate. (Hear, hear.) They should use every constitutional means to get a cheap Land Bill, and Hw Excellency should be asked to dissolve the House, as there did not seem to be sufficient coherency among the members to carry a proper measure. Mr. Councillor NiENABERsaid the letter signed ' Capital' upset him altogether. When all the evils the writer predicted were considered, they were absurd and unfoundod. He had laboured for more than 21 years hero, and he strove for the good of the colony. He asked what would tho men with small hoidings do if all the people left. If 20 or 30 per cent, of the population left the colony, what would the rest do? However they might try to attract population, they should uot expend money. (Hear, hear.) If all the money spent for immigration purposes since 1851 had been thrown away, it would have been equally productive of good. (Cheers. ) Mr. John Clark moved the second resolu tion— ''That an adjustment of the tariff admitting raw materials duty free for manufacturing purposes only is essentially necessary for our interests.' He said it was fortunate that in all places there had been times more favourable than others for the promulgation of truths, and just now there was a great change taking placo in tho mhuU of the people. He was not a red hot Protectionist, for he thought that neither free trade nor pro tection was wholly suited to any country. They had been lately treated to many long and elaborate articles by the Press on the subject, and there soemed to be a desire on the part of their politicians to change thoir minds, hut they feared tho charge of inconsistency. They had also been treated by the | .-l-li.-e-- ltW with two long articles on the i depression. Tho writer first went on to say I that depression was general at the present time, and went to England, France, and America to prove it. A good deal of it was true, but a good part of that relating to America was not, and the writer knew it. This was not a new thing for the Advertiser, because he knew that parts of their London corrcspon lout's letter relating to the American war were cut out because the editor did not agree with tho views expressed. False statemants had been put forth to mislead the public mind, to show that the depression of the various trades in America was caused by the protective tariff. It was the excise duties that had been put on after the war and other taxation which had caused it. In Victoria, according to the statement laid before the Chamber of Commerce by Mr. Lorimer, a perfect revolution had taken place since the introduction of the protective tariff, and thnre had been an increase in the population of 45 per cent. They must stop the exodus from the colony, or else the colony would go down. They were suffering from a large number of mechanics leaving their shores to enrich Victoria. This was because skilled labour was never sufficiently encouraged. If a revised free list had been introduced it would have prevented a large number of young mechanics from leaving. Iu regard to the present Parliament, there were many good, honourable, and useful men in it, and he hoped they would get in again if there was a dissolution. They wanted a sprinkling of new hlood, and a number of the old members would have a better knowledge of the wants of the peoplo after going before them. They had to choose a Treasurer out of two men — one of whom hud been convicted by a Jury of a grave crime, and the other had bartered the rights of the Crown for a valuable consideration. As to Mr. Clyde, although he disagreed with him on political principles, he would say that no one had ever come out with cleaner hands than he had from the Galbraith trial. He was glad there wa3 one Minister who had served them, and was actuated by honest motives. Mr. F. G. Hales seconded tho motion. lie said it was a well-known fact that through bad legislation a large number of people were leaving our shores, and they must find out the reason. It had been said they needed moro liberal land laws. This he admitted; but what be had_ to speak of was protection to native industries. The labourer should have the same facilities as the farmer; and it wa3 not only the farmers, but a large number of mechanics wore leaving the colony. The same cause that was taking the fanners to Victoria was taking the meohanics there. They wanted protection to native indus tries; but he did not think the members of the House of Assembly were the men togite it them, aa they were the representatives of foreign capital. It had been urged that protection would make thing* dearer; but it would bring and keep population. It had been said some time ago that Victoria was on the road to ruin, and her system was now taking their labour fr -m them. Ho thought an income tax should be imposed, but the members of tho present Parliament were not tho ones to do it. Their own individual interests prevented them giving South Australia what she wanted; for if they did, they would Io3e a good deal of money. They needed cheap land, and production to native industry. He most heartily supported the resulution. The motion was earned unanimously. Mr. J. Skelto.v proposed the third resolution, as under : — 'That from the acknowledge 1 inability of the present Parliament to meet tho difficulties in which the colony is placed, this meeting resolves to memorialize His Excellency the Governor to dissolve tho present Houso of Assembly, in order to afford the country an opportunity of eleatfn? gentlemen who' are capable of dealing with tho wants of tho colony.' The Parliament was imbecile, corrupt, and dis honest. Tbo members ha 1 proved themselves incapable, as they had done nothing in tho six months they had beon in session. The Government some timo ago proposed to tax the necessaries of life ; but what they wanted wero differential duties. He thought there was not a dirtier transaction thnn that ma'ter of Cobb k t'o. The fact was tiiero we o too many contractors in 'tho House. There were too manv Hills and Fullers nnd others there. It would not do to have in tho Legislature the hands of a Government crippled and their independence overthrown by affairs of this kind. They should not have an imi-ecunious Chief Secretary. When ho saw such a proud stately fellow as Hughes in tho street ho felt positively disgusted. His actions with respect to Mr. Galbraith wore a species of political dishonesty of the worst possible kind. He was opposed on political grounds to the Hon. T. Reynolds and Mr. Glycle, but he would rather see them in office that tho present Ministers. The last mail took home the news that the colony could not pay a pal try £2,000 or i'3,000 for the salaries of ».ho civil servants, and yet tho Chief Secretary could dnw his £1,303. (Applauso, and ' Give it to him.') Ho could refer, as he did on a previous occasion, to the kind of hon. members who could bo bought and sold. There wore four factions in the Houso of Assembly, and while this state of things existed an independent Government could not bo organized. Mr. D. Fisher had formerly statod to his constituents that ho would bo will ing to explain at any time his reasons for voting in a particular way in the Assembly, and as he was an olector of 'the district he would tako him at hisword. Howouldask Mr. Fisher and tho other members whovotodashedid why they sanctioned tho exponditnre of £800,000 for the construction of the South- Eastern Railway. He had prepared a large coloured map of tho South-Eosfc, showing the course of tho proposed railway, and he would explain its object and inutility. Tho lino was proposed to commenco at Lacepedo Bay, proceed thence to Narracoorte, pass Penola, touch at Mount Gambier, and end at Port MacDonnoll. At Narracoorto an agri cultural area had been proclaimed, where land could bo obtained at £3 10s. per aero. In this area 16,000 acres had been takon up, and many of their German fellow -colon'sts had gone there; but, as his friend Mr. Krichanff stated at tho late meeting in Adelaide, when they arrived at Narracoorte they could not find any good land, and consequently many of them had gono over the Border into Victoria. At Penola Mr. Riddoch, M.P., owned 24,931 acres, which cost him about £2(5,307, or a little over a guinea per acre. No wonder Mr. Riddoch supported tho present Government, and voted for tho railway. (Cheeraand laughter.) The peoplo at Mount Gambier did not want the railway. They wero clo.so to Port MacDonne:l, and would not be inconvenienced in taking their own produce to that port, which was a safe one. Their horses required a little work of this kind at slack time3. This line of railway was one of the most flagrant and shamefaced pieces of legislation that ho ever knew.- If tho £SOO,000 were expended he believed tho colony would loso £40,000 per annum through it. Tho Strathalbyn and Middleton Tramway was equally as great a hlunder. Mr. Galbraith, who was formerly Scab Inspector in the South-East, had written him a letter on the projected railway in that district, which he would read if ho had that gentleman's permission. ( Mr. Galbraith—' You may read it.') Tho letter therefore was as follows :—' 4th February, 1870. Dear Sir Allow me to stato a few facts in connection with the proposed South-Eastcrn Railway, which I think are not generally known. Firstly— The statistics, purporting to bo a correct return of the goods and passenger traffic which passed through Penola during three months, and re cently laid before Parliament on ono of the discussions of the South-Eastern Railway Bill by Mr. Riddoch, are to my knowledge quite unreliable. I know who collected them, who paid for the collection, and how they were manipu'ated so as to meet the views of tho person who paid for their collection; and were an opportunity afforded mo I could easily provo that not ono tithe of tho stated traffic actually took place. Secondly— From my intimate knowledge of the South-Eastern District, 1 can confidently state that if one train per diem is run as proposed from Lacepede to MacDonnell Bay.s, the return will not pay for grease to the wheels an \ fuel for the engines. Tho quantity of good agricultural land in the hands of the Crown in tho South-East is very limited in extent, and to tho cast of the proposed rail way to the bo-indary of the province. With Victoria, from Narracoorto to Mount Gambier, a distance of over (50 miles, thore is not 5,000 acres unsold, and to the west of the proposed railway for a width of ten miles from Narracoorte to Mount Gambier there is not 5,000 acres unsold. Mr. Riddoch and two or three others have certainly through our present land system acquired large estates along tho proposed lino, but I think it is hardly fair that the colonists of Sauth Australia should be saddled with an enormous annual debt merely to put some thousands of pounds into tho hands of two or throe in'lividua's who, by giving falso statements and ' log-rolling' — ('Give it its mildest name')— in the House of Assembly, have been trying to feather their own nests at the expense of all other colonists.' Mr. Hughes would like to trample on him as he did on Mr. Galbraith, but he defied him. He did not care a jot for him. The letter showed some valuable facts with reference to the matter. (Cheers.) Mr. NtENABKR seconded. With regard to the South- Eastern Railway, ho thought it was a great shame that the Houso of Assembly should vote £800,000 for this work. It wan a disgrace the way in which the Govornmsnt was carried on. He thought it was time they gave their members tho sack. Mr. D. Fisher, M.P., apologized for tho un expected absence of his collea^uo (Mr. G. Pearce, M.P.). There was something about his friend Mr. Skelton which he admired. He admired him for his throwing heart and soul into everything he took up. Looking at the matter in question, he was happy to meet his constituent** and explain his conduct. He was the fust advocate of free selection, deferred pay ments, and Iwnil fide occupation. He had seized every opportunity in advocating an improved land system. He pointed out in the House tho effect of the new land system of Victoria. All tho colonies were vioing with each other in putting forward liberal schemes of land reform. Ho had nothing to answer for, but took credit to himself. (Oh and Hear.) If land reform wero not effected hero the colony would go to the dogs. (Cheers.) Ho was as independent a3 any man present, and tried to do his duty in the House. Thore wore thousands of acres of good agricultural land near tho South-Ea-stem Railway in addition to the 16,000 acres taken up in tho Narracoorto area. (Cheers and No.) Victoria was making every effort to attract trade and population from South Aus tralia, and the trade of tho South-East would all go to Melbourne if nothing were dono by the Government to retain it in tho colony. It was one of tho best things ever devised for that district. A trade would be opened up there equal to, if not superior to any part of the colony. (' Have you ever been there?') He had not been there, but there were maps to study, and information which would enable a man to form an opinion on the matter. The interests of the colony were utterly neglected in tho House of Assembly, where all the members were at sixes -and sevens. It was imoosaible for the members to combiuQ together for the public good. He was about to sign the patition to HU Excellency to dissolve the: House, but a friend held him' back, and said, ' Mr. Fisher, don't sign,' and accordingly he desisted. This, however, showed how com pletely sick he was of the bad position of affairs m the House. Mr. H. L. Galbraith said as Mr. Fisher had challenged the statement in his letter, he would say that ho did not state that thore were thou sands of acres of land in the South-East; but what he said was, that to the east and west of the proposed railway there were not moro than 5,000 acres of unsold land. There was plenty of land in the bands of private individuals. The proposition was carried without a dissen tient. Mr. Burman wishod to ask Mr. Fisher whether he would take charge of the dissolution petition, but the Chairman said he thought tho question was not a fair one to ask Mr. Fisher, and it was therefore not put. On the motion of Mr. Hare a vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman. In acknowledging, tho Chairman said that no one regretted more than himself tho present representation of East Torrens, and he was no party to it. Ho was grieved that the electors had to meet to pass such a resolution as they had. Tho meeting, which had beon of a lively character, terminated shortly before half-past 10 o'clock. 