OUR AMUSEMENTS. prince op wales opera house. Coming events are casting their shadows before. The "benefits" which have already taken place, and those announced for to-night and Tuesday next, are ominous of the approaching departure of the opera company. It very often happens that we do not realise the worth of a valuable possession until it is about to be taken from us. Then we awake suddenly to a sense of our unaccountable indifference. Some feeling of this kind would seem to have been aroused by the announcement of the farewell benefit of Miss Lucy Chambers. This talented lady, who has sung night.after night to half-empty benches, drew together, on Wednesday last, the largest house of the season. Mr. Punch hopes sincerely that the enthusiasm which she has enkindled will last until the season has concluded. " Postrema meminere homines," and if the coming week should prove a successful one financially, there is reason to hope that the favorable impression left upon the mind of Mr. Lyster may induce him, despite the want of sympathy that he has hitherto met with, to pay us, before long, another visit. Otherwise Sydney will probably be without any operatic music worth listening to for many years to come. " Les Huguenots " has been the one new event of the week. A decided improvement upon its former representation — this opera has still several shortcomings. The prompter was too often in request, and the choruses required more practice. Signor Dondi's " Marcel " was good, as are all the impersonations of this painstaking artiste. Besides " Les Huguenots," we have had during the week, fir3t-rate performances of the " Somnambula," " Masaniello," "Trovatore," "Martha," and "Attila." To-night, Mr. Charles Beaumont will take his benefit in the favourite opera of "Faust." Mr. Punch wishes Mr. Beaumont every success. mr. c. lascelles' benefit Mr. Punch is glad to notice that this clever artiste, who, by the way, has gained quite a host of friends in the colony, announces his benefit for Tuesday next the 13th. U pon this occasion, in addition to the charming opera " II Barbiere," the most perfectly rendered of all the operas here, in which Mr. Lascelles sustains the character of Dr. Bartolo with great ability, a grand concert will be given, in which the principal artistes, Italian and English, and Monsieur Wehle, a pianist of rare attainments, will take part. Mr. Chapman, will also introduce his wonderful "sackful of ghosts," and display his marvellous power of "second sight," after which Messrs. J. Bart- lett and C. Lascelles appear in a screaming farce. So large and attractive a bill of fare, no less than the popularity of the MnSJiciare, ought to ensure a crowded house, and indeed he deserves it, for to Mr. Lascelles' indefatigable exertions is due, in great measure, the success of the choral arrangements in the various operas. Mr. Punch would be glad if that talented musician could be persuaded to pitch his tent among us, and his presence would be generally hailed with satisfaction in our musical circles. victoria theatre The sisters Duvalli are still attracting good houses and by a judicious change of programme have added the charm of variety to their other attractions. The can-can though a graceful and effective dance is by no means a representation of the quadrille as it is usually danced at Mabille or the Oloserie des Lilas nor is it perhaps desirable that it should be. To night Mr. Welsh, who has contributed much as stage manager to the success of the theatrical season at this theatre, takes his benefit and on Monday an amateur performance is announced for the benefit of Messrs. Wilson and Habbe upon which occasion "Still Water Runs Deep," and other attractions will be produced. 