I CÎÏTAPTTÛTI. TW3CTT_A STMIM. This drawing-rooin had three windows; a larger and drearier room beyond it was disused. The window -blind did not quite oover the lower end of the glass, and Mark stood and peeped in. His mood was in stantly and sternly changed. Clayton and his wife were standing beside a cabinet, very near the window. He was talking, holding her hand in his, and she looking down, her cheeks dyed with a brilliant blush. Could it be that they were talking of Baohel ? No, it was the hope and agony of an instant. There is no mistaking the gaze of a lover who looks upon the object of his passion. With suoh eyes, Clayton, speaking low and earnestly, leaning over her, gazed ; and, as if to preclude all doubt, stooping still nearer, he passionately kissed her unresisting lips. If Mark's fury had been one degree under its acme, he would have dashed in the window, and, with his lacerated hands and ghastly face, have confronted his betrayer. He drew back, staring at the dull light of the blind that now interposed. But the picture was not in the room, but in his eyes. Backward he stepped and . waited-and waited still-trying to understand and feel . the whole of his appalling position. Freezing and stupefied, he Baw the blaok image of the great old house stand up before and above him. All its hateful and dreadful associations were vaguely gathered in its shadow. He had dreamed of despair-talked of despair -fanoicd that he was intimate with despair for years. He had now, for the first time, met that tremendous stranger. Some one approached the window ; he saw the shadow on the blind and he glided away into the dark,, like a ghost, and was hid, Clayton raised it and looked out for a few moments, dropped it and returned. For a long time Mark stood where he was ;. at last he was seized with a violent shivering. It was a crisis in his catalepsy. A dull dead light was breaking on his'mind, and he began to walk swiftly away. It was a mild night, and yet he was pierced and shuddering with cold. Walking among the trees as fast as he could stride, he felt better, and tho dreadful rigor sub sided. The one idea present to his mind was his revenge. Immense it must be, orderly and complete. His mind must be clear. He must see, quite, how the land lay. He must do nothing hand-over-head. It must be a comprehensive and methodical revenge. But some thing he must be doing. Tobe quite inaotivewas to go mad. He was now near the gate that opened on the silent highway, and the sight of the road to the little town of Baby suggested his first measure. The distance was trifling. He was now in the street of the quiet little town he had so recently trotted briskly through. It was Btill early, not nine o'clock. Lights were shining from the drawing-room windows of his attorney, Mr. Twmley. He knocked-Bent up his message ; and in a few moments more was seated in that gentleman's office. The attorney, as he set the candles on the table, eyed him with a shrewd and grim scrutiny. He suspeoted some disaster. He feared the bailiff in charge of his person might be, at that moment, keeping ward in tho hall ; for Mark's face looked as if he had stolen from his bed in the crisis of a fever, "Nothing from London-sinoe -sir.?", hesitated tho attorney, seeing that Mark did not accost him. Ho had left him only two hours ago at Applebury. "No. You have that draft-deed in favour of my wife ready ?" "Yes, sir-and-" " And engrossed ?" "Engrossed? Yes, sir, but-" " Fut it on the table, please," said Mark " Certainly,' sir ; but will you permit1 me only one word ?" " Do as I tell you, sir," said Mark, sternly ; " we can talk afterward." " Certainly, sir," said the attorney, a little high and huffed ; and1 getting on a chair, he took down from shelves well stored with others like it, a mahogany coloured tin box, with "M. ShadweU, Esq. Baby" m large yeUow letters on the front ; and drawing forth tho deed, placed it before Markj who opened the milk white parchment folds, and displayed that handsome piece of engrossing with its blue stamps and silver foil, ready at the touch of his pen to become fixed and inflexible as those chemical fluids which solidify at the turning of a stopper. "You can get a couple of witnesses-" "WeU, I-" The attorney looked at his watch. "Ohl yes," interrupted Mark, fiercely. "Of course you can-and-I'm not going to sign the thing ;" and he pushed the deed with the back of his hand a little from him. " I've changed my mind, and I want you to draw the shortest will you can, leaving everything I possess, without exception, to my daughter. I've made up my mind to-night, and she sholl have it rather than a-a stranger." By this time Mark's mind was clear, and his hand Bteady. these words to which the date was prefixed : "Having changed my mind thUt evening, I do not intend to execute this deed, and have countermanded my instructions, with the intention of dealing different with my property in my wilL-iL SHADWELL." Beneath them, at Shad well's request, the wondering and curious attorney wrote r "Present while Mr. Shad well wrote and signed the above memorandum and at the foot of thia, the attorney himself signed his nam». Mark Shadwell walked up and down the room, some times! stopped to look out of the window with the same unchanged and stony face, while the attorney copied a form of a wüL which Shadwell read, and perfected then and there, and, taking it and the deed with him, departed, leaving the attorney at the door-steps, with his candle blown out in his courteous hand, bursting with wonder and surmise, aa he watched Mark's tall, slight figure receding homeward. Bat Mark did not go home. A fitful, melancholy wind had got up, and ¿he moon waa -jost showing ita edges above the distant mountains and lighting the filmy streak of cloud that lay over them, as he entered the gate of Baby, and passing the great dark house, which no longer showed a gleam, but seemed to have closed ita eyes, thinking of ita secreta, he took the path to WynderfeL A man who walka with one idea in his head, and in a high state of excitement, gets over the ground quickly. The moon waa now up, and a mournful wind piped through the roo flea gables and open windows of the old Manor House of Wynderfel, under whose walls he already was. Prom the lady's window an arm seemed wildly to wave him toward it. It waa only that long ivy tendril, wMte in the moonlight, which had got a trick of beckoning when the wind waa up. He passed by these haunted walls, and down the lonely path to the vicarage-a solitary figure in that region deserted of life. Below him lay that happier land without the circle of "Wynderfel, where were farmsteads and hedge-rows, and the snug and kindly vicarage, from which he could dimly see a lonely light, The servant who opened the vicarage door did not happen to know Mark Shadwell. So mach the better for bini. The cheery sounds of voices and laughter came through the little drawing-room door aa the maid opened it_ to say that a gentleman, who wonid not give his name, wa3 in the hall, anti wanted to say a word to the vicar on particular business. The vicar's "Show him into the study" following instantly, and the VÍCAT himself, with the pleasant radiance of the beloved faces he had just left still on his thin features, entered, and looked with an uncertain gaze upon the figure, buttoned up in a loose coat, and imperfectly lighted. " It is I-Shadwell," said Mark, in a low tone, a3 the vicar shut the door. "Just a word or two." "Oh!" exclaimed the vicar, "I'm so glad. "Won't you come into the drawing-room ? Do." "Two documents that I want to leave with you," continued Mark, whose speech went right on, like the chimes of a clock, " an odd hour ; but I happened to be near thia. YouH take care of them-great care, I know ; thia Í3 the deed I waa thinking of executing, but that's past. You'll see what I have written across the face of it ; and this Í3 my will. You can read them-time enough when I've left you. You take an interest in Rachel. You'll he glad when you see what I have done ; I thank you, Temple, for your kindness to her, and you'd have been a good friend to me if I had allowed you. I must go." " But it's a very nasty night. Did you drive !" "I walked. Good-bye." "You must take my cob; it's no night for a walk over those uplands." Mark had reached the hall-door, and without waiting opened it. The wind waa not on the front of the house but it bad increased to something like the gusty begin ings of a gale. The vicar held the door open, and the glass bell in the hall, with its modest candle, swung in the unrully air that it admitted, and threw its flaring light on Mark's pale face at, with the strangest smile the vicar ever saw, he nodded his farewell over his shoulder, while his loose coat flapped about him, and waving back hia hand as if to forbid ceremony, he strode away. Tue vicar shut hi3 door with some Uttle exertion, and locked it and drew the bolts, and having indorsed in pencil the date at which ShadweU had placed the documents in his hands, he locked them up also, intend ing, by and by, toread them as Mark seemed to wish. And he crossed the hall, anticipating the attack which the curious women were sure to make, and thinking how beat to fence pleasantly with intending examin ers. The wind graduaUy increased in violence. It btcame a storm. Even in the sheltered vicarage its fury waa heard, on high, loud and awful, and Miss Barbara was up twice in the night in her dressing gown and sUppers patrolling the lobbies, and with great disgust and ter ror wondering at the apathy of the other human occupants of the house. At midnight Mark had not returned to Raby. Agnes did not know what to think. His horse, without a rider, had found his way to his stable door. In such sinister conjunctures of doubt and alarm, what a magic mirror does the imagination hold up : Happy those who, in a spirit of prayer, can Uft the veil and look in. She could not look with pure eyes, and in its depths saw only phantoms that appaUed her. At half-past twelve she sent down a frightened note to tho attorney, who, she knew, had accompa nied him to Applebury. Mr. Twinley scrawled a line in pencil from bia bed to say he had seen him at nine o'clock, when he called, after hi3 return from Applebury, for a few minutes, and here the note stopped. What had he caUed about ? "Whither had he gone ? Had bad news come from London ? "Waa he a prisoner? "Waa he forced to fly ? Or-or-and she dropped the veil over the spectres that weTe aitir upon the specu lum. Mr. Twinley had turned upon his other side, and waa deep in the peaceful sleep of a robust attorney, when he waa again awakened by an energetic note fram the lady of Raby. It called on him to come up to Baby and see her, otherwise she would come down to bia office and see him. Mr. Twinley might admire the new Mrs. ShadweU, but he did not Uke her. If he had been sure that the squire would stick to bia resolution of the evening before, he would have taken thia message very cooly. Bus human piaaion ia transitory amantium ires-pro verbially a«, and wills are revocable. The queen might enjoy her own again and the Baby connection waa worth preserving. So, though rather peevishly, the attorney did get np, and dress in haste, and walked down to Baby, where the lady received him awfully pale, and thoughtful, and inquisitive. He wisely kept the subject of his con ference with Mark that evening strictly to himself, and wondered intensely what the secret could be. It plainly waa not a quarrel. Mark had spoken to him in the morning about the deed, and had not seen hia wife since. "He mu.it have had news, however," said the pale lady wrh decision, "or he hia consulting with Mr. Temple as the vicarage, and they don't know how late it ii. Hell turn up immediately, or they have made him stay there, it Ls such an awful night. "Yes, inded-a frightful night it is, ma'am," said the attorney, with feeling. " Wonrt you take a glas3 of sherry, Mr, Twinley?" laid the lady, thoughtfully. " ya, thank you, ma'am," "You think heU be here soon?" urged eogar^the wife, holding the candle at the dining-room door, aa the attorney entered the hall, where the servant waited to let him oat. " Oh ! yes, ma'am, I'm sure you're right about his waiting at the vicarage. Slates were dying, I assure you, in thestrsefca of Raby, as I came, andi should non be surprised if some of the streets were blown, down before morning." And the attorney's countenance daikened as, with this idea in his mind, he thought of hÍ3 walk under the huge tree3 that line the avenue. 