BELIGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC. EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. - Fibst Day: Monday, May 9. Ine nrst anniversary services in connectiou ? with the Evangelical Alliance were com- ' menced on Monday evenbg, May 9, by » Dublic oraver meeting, held at the United - Presbyterian Church, Flinders-street. There ' was a fair attendance, and the Rev. J. Ly≪, : President of the Alliance, occupied the chair. * Supplications were engaged in by the Rev, H. ' Cheetham, the Rev. G. W. PatcbeU; and Messrs. - W. K. Thomaj, G. W. Cotton, Berry, and - Basey. - Humiliation on account of sin and a ? greater outpouring of the influences of the Holy ?' ?Spirit formed the subject of the petitions. ?'? - ' Second Day: Tuesday, May 10. The hrst annual meeting for Conference aod ' business of the Evangelical Alliance took place ; in the Flinders-street Baptist Lecture Hall on' Tuesday morning, May 10. ?,, '? There was a coed attendance of ministers and ' v members of the Alliance. The fiev. J. Lyall, President of the Alliance, filled the chair ; and after singing, reading, and ?'? prayer, he made a few remarks. He said' although it was the annual meeting, yet the ' Alliance had not been established quite a year. It was, however, thought that May would be the most convenient month in which to hold the anniversary. There was a good deal of ' business to transact, and some papers to be read. It was not, therefore, his intention to make an address now. He would, however, just take the opportunity of expressing his gratification ' at the success which had attended the Alliance —it had been far more successful than they could have expected. The Alliance had been tho '? means of bringing both ministers and lay people ' ' together, and he felt tbat much good had thus ' ' been done. He was sure they would all remem- ? '? ber the united communion service held in the adjoining church last year as a season of hallowed influence and refreshment. The ? ministers themselves had been greatly benefited ' ' by their monthly prayer meetings. It would, : however, increase their usef ulnesfl and en jornent if all the ministers associated with tho Alliance ' woul4pakeitapoint to be present on those ' occastens. The Society was capable of serving ? the interests of religion in many ways, and he hoped the next year would be even more ' enjoyable and successful than the past had been ] Without further remark be called upon * ; The Rev. J. Jeffebjs, LL.B., who read the * annual report, as follows:— - .' 11 Your Committee bare but a brief report to ?' * present. The Alliance has been in existence ' only eight months. It cannot be expected thafc ?'- tjwismuchtobesaidabwtitspwg^ The ' ? .chief aim of our organization is to promoW bwtnerly union-to *iv« outward sign of that unanimity of feeling whjoh we beheyo to exist touJnViioVarioas bodies of Christians in 'the ?province. This has ,been achieved we venture to fflftiirM Enccecsfully as the more sanguine could fa^jf hoped for. Necessity has not yet arisen fbF «jombined effort in any of the fields of Ohiristian Jabour. The separate Churches and itier '.existing Catholic Societies supply for the nibst part the demand for specific work. Your Committee feel, however, that there are ques tions which may be appropriately discussed by ihfe Alliance, with a view to united action, such as the spread of immorality and intemperance in the province. Melbourne has ^uito recently formed an 'alliance of the various Christian Vhiirches solely with this view, and much good is looked for as'the result. It may be possible for us to do something in that direction. '''Your Committee communicated with the English Evangelical Alliance relative to the for mation of the Alliance in South Australia. In reply, a most courteous and brotherly letter was received from the Council, through thair Secre tary,, the Rev. J. Davis. The following is an extract:— 'I have the pleasure to acknow ledge receipt of your letter, dated ''Soyraber 10, announcing the forma tion of a South Australian organization. This letter with further information, supplied hf thenewspapers yon kindly sent, wa-? com municated to our Council at their meeting yes terday. I am requested by them to convey to you their Christian salutation, and to express this gratification with which they have received ttto. intelligence you conveyed to them, and their 'hearty desire that much prosperity,. HanBonyV and usefulness may accompany your drgaalzation so auspiciously commenced. We snail' be stall times happy to co-operato with yoi*? in promoting our common' object] ^more, tliaa ever important — the manifested union in ?Jofb'ahd service of the true followers of our E&rd;' Jesus Christ. Permit me to 'call' your very' earnest attention to the prqppsed^ Con-| ference of Christians from all countries,1 to be' held next September in New York, 'when we: ?should bo exceedingly glad to mieet delegates' front your Alliance., As soon as ^ our circular Invitations are out ' with tho_ programnie of arrangements, I will send them1 '.-to 'you j also' o,ther documents from time5 to time reporting' our transactions.' In reference to the -Con-; ference in New York, your Committee have dis patched a letter to R. A. Tarlton, Esq.; now; oh' a visit to Europe, with a request that, if practicable, he will represent them on that occasion^.':' '?;?.'?'; : , ' '''V' '' ' '. '?♦^The-ineetuigs of the Alliance provided for' by the' constitution, have been nelJ. .The ministerial prayer meeting has not beenas well , attended as could be desired. The' last quarterly prayer meeting was Held in December instead of Jamiarv. in conseauence of the commencement of the (Ecumenical (Jpuncu at Kome. '( Supplica- tions were then offered for the work' of refor mation' now proceeding on the Continent of Europe. On .October 20 a united 'communion was- held iii the Flinders-street ^ajptist Church, ?which was densely crowded, Much spiritual profit} it is beh'eyed, was the : result'. ' On Sep- . temter 19 special prayers were 'offered r on; account of r the long-continued drought of. 1869, and'oir October 17 thanksgivings were rendered to God for copious rains. ' . ' ' ''In; conclusion, your , Committee would ' ei^res* tho hope that members of Evangelicai^ ChurchJDS would enrol1 themselves members of the. Alliance, as so many already have done, and endeavour 4 in .all parts i of ' the colony to bear testiznbriy to, the great truth /that 'we being; TOanjr'arc'bne body in Christ, and every one ' members I joe of another.'' ' _\ ] / | Mr.; D/' Murray' read the financial report,'' from which it appeared that the receipts of the AllhncVtince its commencement' ambunted to ;£48;/9s; id./ and- {he disbursements, £45 37s.;lftd.j leaving, a balance, ia' hand of £2 3 }».-'&$.' \ There were/1 however, ' acccfunts now outstanding which, ' if paid, would leave the Alliance in debt to the extent of about:£20. 'Ther1 Bbv;; J. Jeffekis said the number of ?nam&. entered on the members' roll was 211, of Vfh'icH'158 had contributed subscriptions. JJjjov the motion of the Kev. H. ' Chketham, seconded by the Rev. S. Mead, M.'A,, the report was, adopted. TKr.'W. K. Thomas proposed the Eev. W. L. I5fnks ' as President of the Alliance for the ensuing year. He should have been glad to have seen Mr. Lyall re-elected, but/ constituted as- the -Alliance was, he thought it would be better to have a change every year of President and Secretaries. The' Rev. S. Mead seconded the motion. The Rev. R. S. Caskley said he had received a telegram from Mr. Binks, instructing him to decline the post, in case he should be nominated for it. The Eev. J. L. Parsoss proposed the Eev. J. G.'-'MQlaird as President for the ensuing year. The Kev. H. Cheetham seconded the motion, which was carried. The. President said, the Committee had decided' to recommend the appointment of one instead' of two Secretaries. Mr. Hak'cb proposed the Rev.- J. L. Parsons as*' Secretary. Mr.G.W. Cotton seconded the proposition,' which was carried. Mt.'Alkx. Dowie was appointed Finance' Secire£ary,:.and Mr. D. Murray was re--elected Treasurer. , ' {? ? '?? ..'' ' '''. '' Tte following were elected members of the ( 'mrnnitt-pei in nlnflR of t'h» HevsL J ' fr. Millarrl nnd J . Ir. Wright, IK. l-'ampftell, and Mr. A. Uowie : —The Revs. W.- K Binks, J. Jefferis, J. S. Wayland, and J. Lyall. ? The Rev. J. L. Parsoss then read a very practical paper upon- 'The Relation of the Young to the Churches,' suggesting as the topics of. discussion— 'The attitude of the young towards Christianity, the causes of their aliena tion from it, and the best means to bo adopted Ly1 the- Churches for their1 conversion.' He alluded specially to four causes of alienation. First, the natural alienation /and enmity, of the heart against God, which are- the' results- of - the Fall; second, unwholesome literature ; third, prevalent recreations ? and amusement; and, fourth, the inconsistency of Christians. He' concluded with the following suggestions :— r. * ' '/I* Lotus of. the Faith manifest an unmis takable and real gladness in Christ. A; good deacon xrace truly described the membership . iio^.; of rhis own Church .only, -. but -.of most. Churches, when he said they had just enough , religion, amongst them to make them miserable. LeV us-% give : up the dismal, and unlovely look, and. cease to sing; 'Here/, we suffer grief . and pain/ arid,by the .bright eye - of cheerfulness and the light step of gladness showthat we rejoice in the Lord ; for in winning young : hearts, the joy of the Lord is our strength. ' 2. Let us be careful clearly and simply to set forth God's . way of peace, which, is that he that believeth on the Son hatli everlasting life. Th§ young of ten regard salvation as so deep a mystery they have no hope of ^understanding it ?without the study and experience of many years. Bo it ours to show them the record which God Las given of His Son; then will. they, cry, '? My Father, thou art the guide of my youths ^ 3, .Let us believingly expect and heartily recognise youthful faith. Scripture by ex-: amp}e and precept warrants both; and biography, and experience testify that many of God's great heroes;and heroines sought and found Him very early, r ... - . ? , '( 4 .Let us, as ministers, direct and adapt our public teaching so that the services may seem to be for tiiem also. We are so intent on building up Christians and calling grown-up sinners to re pentance, that except on special occasions we forget to feed the lambs. Were wa to bear coh-i stantly in mind how large a proportion of our hearers are youthful, like Augustme tre should oftenpauseondsay, ' Young people, this is, for VOllV. ..'-??'. ? ? ? : . ! ???'.] '.??:--: ';And now, to make an end, .wisa' earnest effort should be made at critical timejj There are spring tides, turning points, golden hours in ? every life. Words spoken then, though they may not always lead to decision, will never be without influence, nor fail to bring to the young heari sweethes3 and light.' ' Mr. G,W. Cotton, the Rev. C. Hall, Rev; J. Jefferis,, Rev.. IL J.Lambert, Rev. J. Render. son,jRev. S. Mead, Rev. H. Cheetbam, Rev. R. S. Caseleyl rind the President joined in the discus eion following upon the reading of the paper, and a cordial vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Parsons. ? . . . , .... The R. 7. R. S. Caselet, in the: absence of the Eev. ,W. L. Binkg, Tead Mr. Bbk»'8i notes ^P0^-*^?^ desirabflity of adopting .public laeaauresdSr.the repression tOf opea iimmo S'TSW 1«?y d^Muite*J fiwV the amount 6J ^l^^^esBCTation prevalent; and, secondly; ?n.',)!-J ';?';?? ' ? ' - -.??????*,??-?:? alluded to fheiaci that tiertwete b our midst about 800 raflen and d««T»d«4' female*. wh» ought to claim our Bjrafihjt and who drauuxd Christian effort to rescue them from 'their, dejnadation. ? The notes proceeded thus :— , m 'Third— It 6 question, as affecting the phy sical, moral, social, and religious condition of men can be of greater consequence than the question of intemperance. I believe the com mon sale of intoxicating liquors is a fruitful source of crime, immorality, prostitution, pauperism, disease, insanity, and tco fcnequently of premature death. ? ' j : , 'It seems almost beyond credibility, that a population of, soy 176,000 persons, should have imports of intoxicating liquors to the'aiaount of £224,623 annually, besides what of wine, &c.; is produced in the colony. We have in thet midst of this small population about 1,055 pHc« licensed for the sale and the manufacture; of intoxicatingjliquors. ''.' .': ; ? ' Would it .not be a work every way worthy of the public ahd/united action of this Alhance to seek, by every lawful means, to diminish this traffic by removing the facilities for procuring ? intoxicating' drinks, and by diminishing both i in town and country the number of licences granted- for I^is traffic, thereby 'closing a multitude of wretched and miserable drinking shops, which can only be looked upon as a curse to the inhabitants of town or country?' Allusion was then made to the means of arresting the evils touched upon, the adoption of the permissive principle being :very strongly ; advocated. ' ? .' ?' . - .'..' ?Me. J.jM- Dowie^liev.^S.-Cafeley, Rev. S^ Read; ^v.^.Tentop, Key. Sir. Piper, Mr; G. !W. '.Cotton, Eey. J. f, $inoia,'.nt.'&%l jMelvin; Mr. Bmy /City Missionary),, and. the* ? President spoke upon '. the topics introduced in ? 'the notes, and a vote of thanks was -passed to ;the Rev. ;M^r. Binks for preparing them. ? ; . The President then i-ead a valuable paper on Ithq question,— ?' Are the present rceans of raising ; extraordinary Church Funds satisfactory?' He ppiated out that the objects for which extraordi nary funds were usually required are such as ?these:— The erection of ecclesiastical buildings, , the liquidation of the debt upon edifices already i erected,' and sometimes the making up of defi Iqencies m the ordinary income of Uie Church ; [and the means employed, and on wliich he pro ceeded, to comment, were bazaars and,, con i certs. ' ? Havujg spoken of- these two- methods ;separ.itely, he concluded as follows ir^- ? j ' I , object to .euch ; methods because \\- they jappear to me ta minister to 'the spirit.. of fri volity which is so prevalent at the present time. apa wtiicu tnreatens to . De;so aisaotrous totue - spiritual life of the community. ' If I am not greatly' mistaken levityis the preying charac teristic of the time. There .seems to be.on the part- of multitudes an* ^disposition to evar) thiug- of a serious character. Ivotwithstanding all the complaints, we hear about commercial depression and the scarcity of money, we have an endless round of amusements of ono kind or another.' Theatrical; representations are fre quented by fargreater numbers than they were wont to be. The billiard-room holds out its dangerous attractions :tO; our young- men, and ipfomgacy and prostitution ? are to be.: seen stalking ' abroad , in our ; str eets in o\\-eft. |day. Multitudes seem - to spend their -tirnj as if life were nothing- better than -a chatter and -a .; dance. ; The Church has a great work before her in.: the way of arousing men from their state of spiritual apathy; but by adopting such methods as those to which we have been referring, it seems to me she-. is,uu fitting herself for that work, and , is encouraging the prevailing frivolity. If the Church deaires to win tho world for ChrUt, she will not accom plish it by adopting the world's expedients, and becoming worldly herself, but, as we have already gaid, by labouring more abundantly and praying more earnestly for the conversion of souls. 'I object to such methods Tof raising; money for religious, purposes because they: tend to lower the standard! of- Christian duty in the matter of giving. Now the law of Christ about giving to His cause seems. -to me to be very clear. It is expressed in such words as these— 'Freely ye have received freely. give,' 'It is better to give than to receive,' 'The Lord Ioveth a cheerful - giver,' 'Let him that is taught in the Word communicate unto him that teacheth in all good things.' There can be no doubt as to what the will of our Lord in this matter is. His people are to realize their obligation to Him for. all they .enjoy and hope for. They are to feel that He is their Master, and that all they have belongs to him ; and they are to give cheerfully of their substance for the support and extension of His kingdom. The principle is one that cannot fail to have great power over every enlightened Christian's con science ; , and we feel ? persuaded that if this principle were fairly carried out*-if our people were invited* to contribute as an expression of their gratitude to Christ— everything .that is really needed for the carrying on of. His cause would be obtained without difficulty. But by means of the method on which. I, have been commenting, the idea is fostered that our people are not to give to the cause; of Christ because it is ,the cause, of Christ, but that they are to expect an equivalent for what- they give in . the form of goods or of , amusement; and thus the standard of Christiaa: obligation is seriously lowered. . 1 do not hesitate to say that we bail', better dispense altogether .with some.of our: ecclesiastical luxuries than have to resort i to; such questionable expedients for the purpose, of supplying .them.' ' . , . . A ; discussion followed, in . which ; Mr. W. H..Burford; Hev. J. Henderson, Mr. Hance, and others took part. The usual vote of i thanks. waspassed. .; ? :-..... -.-,.?,?:: . .; ? The annual public meeting of the' Alliance . was held m the Pirie^street Wesleyan Churchion Tuesday; evening, May 40. - There was:agood attendance, the body of the buildbg being filled. The Rev. J. .Lyall presided, and appro priate addresses were given by .the Revs. J. Henderson, J. G; Millard, D.: J. H. Ibbetson; andA.Scales. .??,;.? :m::'v. ! - Third Dat; WEDKEaDATi MatII. i. - - \- The United Communion Service in connection ? with the Alliance was. held in 'the. StowChurch' . oin Wednesday evening, : May 11. ; : TJbere was a ? large ?attendance,, the. building .being . nearly- : filled. ; The Bev. C. W. Evan presided; The . ; devotional .exercisesr were conaucted- by^the ? ?Rev, Messrs^iMichie, Price, and Jefferis.: Short addresses :were delivered .by the lier. Mr. Evan' ; and the Revj T. James. Mr.: Evan Teferredto ? the . object for which they had gathered; and .remarked that what was special' in their obser- : vance of the , sacred ceremony was the union of members of various Churches, including those probably who .were adherents of no body,' and were yet servants of their common Lord. ' - The Eev.- Mr. James also gave an earnest and fitting address. A collection :was made during the' evening . on ; behalf of :the Benevolent and Sirangers' Friend s Society. ? About £19 ; was raisedl- -..?:- ;. '=.--. ? — — * !.- t. ... ?;???' -»-:) ; - FoURTH;DAT: THOBSDAT,JlAT 12. ' ? . j Oq Thursday evening, May 12, a prayer meet ing, under, the.auspices ;of : the Alliance, took place at the North' Adelaide Congregational t!hureh, its object being to offer |»titions on behalf of Sunday-schoolsand the young generally. -The weather was wet, and militated against the .'attendance. .The Rev. J. Jefferis presided, and prayers were offered --by the Rev. Messrs, Fenton and Parsons and Mr.; D. Robin. The Eev.-S. Mead, M.A., made a few well chosen remarks unnn SnH-mth^rhnol- vrnrlc. Mr. 'William Scott. an .old oundayschool Superintendent, also addressed the meeting upon the same subject, ifr.. Jefferis closed the meeting by prayer, in which he returned thanks to Almighty God for the refreshing rains that had fallen. ...-???;:; ; The meetings of : the Alliance closjd with a prayer meeting at the Methodist 'New Con-' nexion Church on Friday eveninarJ ? ' - -'? ' DIOCESAN SYNOD. The annual session of the Synod was opened on Tuesday morning at Trinity Church by the Lord Bishop. Service commenced at half-past 11 o'clock, when the Holy Communion was administered, and afterwards the Lord Bishop of Adelaide delivered the following Pastoral Address:— "Rev. and dear Brethren—In all history, civil or religious, there occur epochs—times— when a change becomes apparent in the thoughts and spirit of the age. Old forms pass away. The grace of their fashion has perished. They give place to others more suited to new ideas and aspirations. Society takes a fresh depar ture on the voyage of the future. "The eternal verities, however, of religion and morals remain unchanged, because un changeable; nor are the outlines of the Church of God, after the lapse of ages; or of the inner life of that Church, less distinct to the Chris tian's eye than when first traced by the finger of the Spirit on the page of revelation. Critics, indeed, and expositors may dispute about the jots and tittles of the manuscript; but spiritual and enlightened reason will take its stand on the faith once delivered to the saints;' 'the form of sound words in which' it was delivered; and the apostolic institutions borne witness to from the beginning, in all times and places, by the universal Church. The overthrow of Paganism and the civil establishment of Chris tianity under Constantine; the completion by Gregory the Great of the Church system of Rome and the ascendancy of its Bishop; the Papal theocracy inaugurated by Hildebrand, the Seventh Gregory; the freedom of Churches, and their reformation, achieved by Luther—all form distinct epochs in ecclesiastical history, and at the present day we witness one of no less importance, viz., the epoch of 'religious liberty and equality' for all communions, and for every individual. "It concerns us, indeed, much, whether clergymen or laymen, to mark well the 'times and seasons' in which our life is cast, lest we waste our efforts in- the endea vour to restore a past which cannot be recalled, or mould the present after the fashion of bygone ages. A Pope may assume personal infallibility, and the autocratic episco pate of the world. He may oppose a syllabus to the advancing tide of modern thought; but the waves will still flow onward. A wiser monarch of old exposed the folly of his courtiers by receding in time lest he should be over whelmed. "Our reformed branch, then, of the Catholic Church should not be blind to the present epoch. The Church policy of Queen Elizabeth has come to an end. The disestablishment, accordingly, of the Irish Church has set at rest many questions which during the last 20 years have perplexed the colonial Churches. Now at least they are clearly seen to be unestablished— unconnected with the State, except so far as they are still under the supremacy of law with regard to their property and the personal rights of their members. "The legality also of our Synodal compact was formerly questioned. Now that the Irish Church is basing its organization on such an agreement, it will be conceded that a voluntary association, such as the Church of this diocese, can only maintain its internal discipline on the basis of a compact resting neither on royal pre rogative nor on imperial legislation. "Anticipating as we did in 1855 this conclu sion, this diocese had for 15 years carried on its independent action, having first bound itself by a constituent declaration to the closest fellow ship in doctrine, discipline, liturgy, rites and ceremonies with the Church of England. Though no part of its establishment, we are, I trust, and stall continue to be, essentially a branch of the great Anglican Communion. "A necessary consequence of our legal posi tion, as a Voluntary Independent Dioeosan Church, is the necessity of adopting, by our own free consent, ecclesiastical regulations, which in the Mother Church are imposed by law. As an example of what I mean, I may allude to the revised order of lessons to be read in the daily service, and more especially on the festivals and Lord's Days recommended by the Royal Commission. It appears to commend itself to the general acceptance of the Church at home. As far as I have been able to examine it, I believe both in its omissions and insertions, as well as its arrangements of lessons for a third service on Sundays where it is needed, to be a real improvement. Time, however, must elapse before Convocation and Parliament concur in this wise reform of the Prayer-Book. It may be well, therefore, for this Synod to pass a regu lation approving the new Lectionary, and leaving the Bishop to introduce it into the diocese so soon as it shall have received the approval of the Queen in Council. It would be undesirable to alter the present arrangements of lessons until definite order can be substituted for it. "I do not find that the Ritual Commission has made any recommendation with regard to ceremonial observances or vestments of the clergy. Pending the trial of certain clergymen for introducing or reviving obsolete ceremonies and ornaments, any interference with the action of the law and its judicial authorities was felt to be a greater evil than patiently waiting for legal investigation and judicial decision. Many practices of a novel character have consequently been pronounced 'illegal.' Loyal submis sion to the law thus declared, rather than paltry erosions of it, will, I trust, characterize those ministers of our Church at home whose emotional and imaginative dispositions have led them beyond the sober simplicity of Anglican ceremonial and vesture. The 58th Canon will perhaps be made the legal guide-for this matter. "Another subject growing out of the revi sion of the Lectionary is that of a proposed revision of certain passages in the authorized ver sion of the Holy Scripture. The considera tion of this important subject has been recom mended by the Bishops to the Lower House of the Convocation of Canterbury. This step is, I believe, called for by the advanced state of linguistic criticism, as well as by some acknowledged errors in the present translation. It is the clear opinion of the learned prelates who have sanctioned this movement that no portion whatever of the received doctrine of the Church of England will be weakened or modified by it. Truth and honesty require that the Word of God should be offered to mankind in its genuine form and its true meaning. If the discovery of ancient manuscripts and deeper acquaintance with the Eastern languages shall lessen the authority of certain special texts, still in the revised version Divine truth will be set forth with greater certainty and precision. We need in no wise lose our time-honoured version; and if the co-operation of learned Noncon formists were received it would be still the Bible of the whole English- speaking popula tion of the world. A different type would readily indicate the passages not resting on the best authorities, and the new translation might be interpolated in the old within brackets, or at the foot of the page. "During the last-session of Synod we con sented to establish, in connection with the other Australian Dioceses, through means of a General Synod, an Appellate Tribunal, to take cognizance under the Metropolitan or Primate of doctrinal causes referred to it from the Diocesan Courts, Another important subject remitted at that time for consideration to a Select Committee was the mode of electing our future Bishops. This duty has devolved on us in consequence of our legal independence of English establish ment. Happily, we are in no want of pre cedents to guide us in the choice of plans—we have the Scotch, Irish, American Canons, as well as the practice of the Universal Church from the first. The main object of our endeavours on this subject should be to eliminate from this solemn act as far as possible the influence of momentary excitement and party passion. It should be done assuredly 'as unto the Lord, and not unto men.' The appointment to be made should secure the largest possible amount of unanimity. "The. practice of the Universal Church from the beginning, and followed in the Scotch, American, and Irish branches of our Episcopal communion, has been, that the clergy should nominate one or more candidates for the office, and that the laity should concur with them in selecting the most approved. To this practice the American Church has given its adhesion; and the plan thus deliberately adopted in a Church where lay influence is undoubtedly great, and individual opinion enjoys the fullest scope, has in its favour the weight derivable from such considerations. "The Irish branch of our Church, with its two thousand clergy; organizing itself as a free and voluntary association has adopted a similar arrangement. "It appears also that the Convocation of Canterbury has appointed a Committee to report on this subject. Under these circumstances I think it would be wise to defer the adoption of any plan for this diocese until we have had the benefit of such enquiries. To the English or Irish clergy recourse may probably be had in filling up this See. It is important, therefore, not to diverge more than is absolutely necessary from the organic arrangements of our Mother Church, now partly disestablished. "Much angry feeling, indeed, and many fears have been elicited by that strong act of power which after 300 years separated the Irish Church from the State. But that connection only identified it with the minds of the Celtic population who their Saxon conquerors, and furnished a plea for un dying hatred and chronic rebelliousness. Re leased from this fatal wrestige of State con nection, the Irish Church will enter, I believe, upon a new career of missionary effort, and feeble must be the faith as well as cold the love which fails, to bid her 'God speed in that holy war.' "While thus contemplating the great changes which have already taken, place, or are immi nent in the Church of England; whether in her revised Lectionary,-or proposed revision of the authorized version of the Scriptures; or the appointment of suffragan Bishops; or the dis establishment of the Irish Church; or in the greater elasticity given to our liturgy by the permitted separation of its Services, we can hardly-fail to own the hand of Providence over ruling to good the revival set on foot among the clergy 40 years ago, when the desire sprung up to restore a more primitive church life by daily services and closer adherence to the spirit of the Prayer Book. Bigotry alone will deny to these men self-denying zeal and disinte rested laboriousness in their sacred calling. That they in many cases have gone from us, or to the verge of error in some points of doctrine and discipline, is the conviction of the great body of the clergy. But the impetus which has been given by them to pastoral earnestness is undoubted. The old rigidity of a legal establish ment has yielded to this influx of new-born zeal, and never were the Anglican clergy animated with sincere devotedness or presided over by a more distinguished heirarchy. We may fairly expect, therefore, when the true interpretation of the law concerning Ritualistic practices is ascertained, that some authoritative directory will be issued, or the aid of Parliament invoked, to check innovation under the plea of doubtful or disused Rubrics. Meanwhile, acting on the principle 'Let every man be fully per suaded in his own mind,' may St. Paul's spirit of forbearance also,—neither judging, nor de spising, nor, offending one another prevail among us, being assured that whatever 'is not of God will come to nought.' "It remains for me to notice the subject of national education, which of late has been much under discussion both here and in England. In, these days an uneducated people must descend to a lower level among the nations of the earth. A good secular education, even unaccompanied by religious instruction; is surely better than rude uncultivated ignorance. The latter must.be the fate of our rural and pastoral population unless the State will divert the funds now in some measure wasted on town schools to the employment of school teachers throughout the country districts. Every good school in the centres of population ought to be self-supporting, or will be supplemented by voluntary aid, if that aid be not checked by Government interference: "But here crops up, to an extent surprising in this country, distrust of the voluntary prin ciple as applied to education. Its efficacy, on the other hand, in regard to the supply of religious ordinances has been vaunted above measure. If by the aid of a moderate 'bonus' institutes have sprung up all over the country, why not schools for the young? Why should the duty of parents and the zeal of friends and of pastors be set aside or ignoredl? Why, with crippled finances, should Government not avail itself of the zeal and liberality of the best edu cated and best disposed members of our com munity, in order itself to set up a dry hard system of seular schooling, with nothing in it but self- interests to animate the teachers or secure the attention of the scholars? Nor can we fail to observe the arbritary intolerance which pro poses to tax Christians for the support of schools, and deny all aid to such schools when the truths of the Christian revelation are taught in them to Christian children. Does not this look more like anti- Christian hostility to God's truth than fear of sectarian proselytism? Granting that the latter should be shut out, are there no means of enlisting voluntary zeal in the cause of national education, while the rights of conscience are protected? Let some such scheme be tried before driving into irreconcilable antagonism with State schools those bodies of Christians who deem religious instruction an essential part of everyday schooling. Let, for example— "1. The builders and managers of schools decide whether any, and if any, what religious instruction shall be given in their schools, The State in South Australia avowedly has no con cern in preventing any more than providing religious teaching. "2. Let State Inspectors examine and certify as to the quality of the secular education re- quired by the Government before any State aid be granted. "3. In all State-aided schools let the hour be fixed and time limited during which religious in struction, if any, shall be given; and let no child attend on such instruction whose parents desire its exemption. "4. Let the Government Board of Education fix the list of secular books from which the children in State-aided schools are to be in structed. "5; Let the State require sufficient area for the numbers taught in every State-aided school. "6. Let the aid available for educational dis tricts be proportioned to the number of children in it of the proper ages to attend school in each. "7. Let bonuses be given in the shape of a capitation fee for each child passed by the In spectors as property instructed in secular learning. "The above scheme has been tenatively acted on during the last 30 years in England, and is now in a fair way of becoming a truly national system. (1.) The combination of voluntary effort; with State provision, and unrestricted action for the friends of education, whether secularists or religionists.— (2.) The tenderest regard towards both for conscientious scruples. (3.) Compulsory State education, for idle and destitute children, whose parents neglect the duty. These seem to be the principles on which legislation will ultimately be based in England. The adoption of similar views in this colony would at once quiet apprehension, satisfy the demands of religious opinion, evoke voluntary liberality; draw into the profession of teachers men deeply interested in the moral welfare of their pupils, and, finally, elevate the mental drill of secular education into the dignity and pleasantness of moral training. "Before I close this address it is necessary that I should advert briefly to the resolution No. 468, passed, in the late Synod. To all 'Ritualistic' or ceremonial acts implying or calculated to inculcate the Roman view of the mystery of the Lord's' Supper, I am, and have always been, opposed. While resolved to maintain the eeclesiastical law of our Reformed Church in regards to docrtine, liturgy, holy orders, rites, ceremonies, vestures, and orna ments in our churches, I feel equally bound in conscience not to strain that law in order to narrow the comprehensiveness (literal as it is within scriptural limits) of the Anglican Com munion. I have received no complaint from the wardens or members of any congregation alleging any illegal ceremony or ornament used by any officiating minister during the ordinary morning and evening prayer, or in the Communion service. It will be well, however, to state that by the decisions of the Court of Arches and Privy Council the following cere monies have been pronounced 'illegal:' 1. In the administration of Holy Communion, elevation of the paten or cup, and genflexion or prostra tion before the table during the Consecration. Prayer. 2. During divine Service any procession in or round the church, singing hymns, or Te Deum. 3. The burning of incense generally and lighting candles, save for the purpose of giving light. 4. In regard to vestments, an appeal has been lodged with the Judicial Com mittee of the Privy Council against the judg ment of the Dean of Arches tn this matter; that judgment, therefore, has no effect until such an appeal is decided. "With regard to 'ornaments' or articles in use during the administration of, or subsidiary to, divine service—other than vestments—I know of none used in this diocese which are illegal; such, for example, as a crucifix, or cross 'with the figure of the Saviour thereon.' This, when not forming part of the architecture of the church, but used as part of the 'furniture' of the holy table, is 'illegal.' The Dean of Arches, how ever, expressly declares 'vases of flowers to be legal,' and floral decorations; 'not used as an additional rite or ceremony.' He seems them 'innocent and not unseemly decorations'—like the 'branches of holly' at Christmas, and 'willow blossoms' on Palm Sunday—very gener rally used from old time in our village and uther churches. "After all, brethren, religion does not consist in these things, 'but in righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost;' and I would record my solemn protest against 'those troublers of our churches' peace, who, through the laxity of the Statute Law, have wilfully revived (against the advice of their Bishops) obsolete Romanizing ceremonial in our divine services. "I would also affectionately urge my rev. brethren to take heed to the 'weightier matters of the law.' At a time when an un scrupulous criticism assails the text and inspi ration of the canonical Scriptures, when a rationalistic materialism makes a mock of all 'supernatural manifestations' of God to man, rites and ceremonies and decorations are not the weapons which are 'mighty through God to the pulling down the Strongholds of error.' Conviction is the true origin of effectual per sonal religion; and they who, instead of rea toning like Paul on 'righteousness, temperance, and judgment to come,' address themselves to the sensuous and imaginative part of the human soul, may captivate, indeed, a crowd of wor shippers, but without promoting the true worship of God in spirit and truth. "It makes little difference whether the appeal be made by a gorgeous ceremonial or by the powerful voice and exciting action of some revivalist preacher. How different are these methods from the powerful reasoning and fer vent appeals of St. Paul, addressed to the reason and consciences of men. The embellish ments of religion may suit the cravings of an opulent and luxurious age, which is ever trying to harmonize the worship of God with the. service of mammon. But the love of pleasure, lust of the eye, and pride of life mingle with zeal for the outward form. Let it be your endeavour, reverend brethren; rather to build up in your people simple but effectual faith, combined with hope and charity; that faith, which of old was content to worship in the 'house,' or 'caves of the earth,' before the light of day, or 'in the darkness of the catacombs.' Then was a pattern of sublimer virtue given to the world in all the varied relations of life—masters and slaves, children and parents, wives and husbands. Are we better Christians than they with all our varied modes of religious worship? Let us give, if we will, of our best to God's service— the noblest buildings, the choicest ornaments, the most comely order of divine service, but let us never lose sight of those great Christian verities—'Except a man be born from above he cannot see the kingdom of God, and if we live in the Spirit let us also walk in the Spirit.' When, however, I look back to our last meeting of Synod and remember the freedom at once, and faithfulness, the for- bearance, the candour, and the charity which then on the whole characterized our discussions, I do believe that that assembly was not left without the guidance of the Spirit of God. I fervently pray and hope that a like spirit will govern our present assembly. If there are questions to be sifted or doubts removed, be persuaded that an honest, loving regard for God's truth is perfectly compatible with gentle ness, impartiality, and sincerity. Let us, then, seek the things which make for peace; not bi insincere compromise, but by the wisdom which is from above—first pure and then peaceable; easy to be entreated, because always endea vouring to keep:the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace, as well as righteousness of life." SYNODAL ROLL. The roll was called over; and the usual decla ration signed. The list of those present was as follows:—Holy Trinity, Adelaide-Rev. Richard son Reid, Rev. W. W. Ewbank; Messrs. H, D. Holmes, S. Toms, W. A. Cawthonrne; Christ church, North Adelaide—Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, Messrs. W. W. Blyth, James Bath; J. S. Bellhouse, R, E. Minchin; St. Luke's, Adelaide—Rev. F. W. Marechal, Messrs. W. Shakespeare, W. Bishop; St. Paul's, Adelaide—: The Very Rev. the Dean, Rev. H. J. Poole, Messrs. W. J. Fullarton, J. Morgan, and F. G. Smith; St. Paul's', Port Adelaide— Rev. S. Green, Dr. Dundan, A. J. Edmunds; St. John's, Adelaide—Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Messrs. W. S. Moore, J. Pritchard, J. E. Clinch; St. Bartholomew's, Norwood—Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Mr. James Gray; All Saints, Hindmarsh—Rev. H: M. Pollitt, Dr. Forster; St. Margaret's, Woodville—Rev. H. M. Pollitt, Mr. Wm. Sykes; St. Andrew's, Walkerville— Rev. Canon Dove, Messrs. C. B. Young, J. W, Bull; St. Matthew's, Kensington—Rev. E. Jenkins, Messrs. J. Howell, E. W. Meredith; St. George's, Woodforde—Rev. T. R. Neville; St. Michael's, Mitcham—Rev. Henry Read, Messrs. N. Oldham, L. W. Thrupp; St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Messrs. J. H. Wiles, W. Pound; St. Mary's, South road—Rev. A. Honner, Mr. F. Burton; Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill—Rev. A. Honner, Mr. Frederic Wicksteed; St.. Peter's, Glenelg—Messrs.' R; B.'Colley, N«' Blyth; St. Stephen's, Willunga— Rev. E. Iv. Bliller; Si Philip and Si James's, -Noarlunga— Rev. E. K. Miller; Si Jaffies's, Btokiston— Dr. Weld; Chrisfkihurch, Mount 'Barker— MfTF. C. Smith; St. George's, 'Gawler— R6V. Canon Coombs; Christchurcn, .Kapunda— Rev. T. J. , Smytii^ Mr. James Hu%gins*;~-St. Jude's,'Port 'Elliot^ Mr. Henry Field; St. John's, Mount Pleasant- Rev. W. A. (Ckyfield, Mf. J. Bennett,' sen.; ChristehurcB, Tankalilla— Rev. C. W.] Morse, Messrs. J. Heathcotcf,'H. Diltton; St. Barnabas, Clare— Rev.'iJT A* BoakeJ'St. Thomas's, Porj Iincoln^-Mri G. W.'Hawkes; Sf John's. Salis. bury-Rev. W. Scdtt ; Strathalbyri M^ion— Rfev. C. Q. Taplin;.Hoiy Trinity, Lyndoch— Rev; Ri B.: Webb ;* Stl' Peter's' Collegiate Scnool-4, Rev. Canon Farr.^ Apologies were 'made for the,' absence of the' RevsrE. T. 'Howetl,' H. Howitt.i and J; JU^mith, kndSir J.'H. Fis* c'rl ' '/'? *\ i !!, { ST^IErOJ?*THE DIOCESE.', .' ; ' V His Lordship read his report of the state of the Diocese as follows:— .'During the past twelve' months thVdiocese has had again 'to mourn Chtlossof clergymen deservedly held in the' highest estefem and affec-! tion. The death of Dean Farreli; followed after no long interval -by the 'sudden' removal -of Archdeacon TwopenyV disappointed at once, dm; affectionate hope, and left' 'us stunned ,' by the, additional sorrow of 'the later bereavemeni In the one case it seemed as if the* father of the Diocese was taken from us ; one who had helped to lay the foundations of our Church,' and had wetched over every stone added to' the spiritnal building; the other known far and wide, and esteemed wherever ktiown,'as the indefatigablo missionary, the faithful pastor, the kind spiritual adviser, the well-learned theologian, the liberal-); ? minded Churchman,' the refined gentleman, the agreeable companion^ It is {he privilege of our Church to number many men of such varied accomplishments in the ranks of the clergy and it ' is pleasing' to find that his many claims to personal' ' esteem and infiuence were xery generally recognised . .through-, out the ' colony. . ' Summoned in ' ; a. , moment , from earthly cares- and occupations,, ? we. may confidently hope .€ha£ his 'spirit * was reoeived with acceptance by the Masler whom it was his delight to serve. Four ; wngregations^Riyerton, ; Auburn, Clunkford,''and ''felvidereTrwere. ; At once bereaved of the'pastor 'whom'^they; ioved. Amid their bmentation and' bars his' honoured remains were consigned fo* the 'cemetery * at Rirertou, \ and it reinainecl* for myself and. clerical brethren, by our personal sympathy and ministerial labours, '{o lessen tHeir sense of desolation. I thank'' my 'brethren for their ready co-operation in this labour of love. Three of those churohes— Riverton, Chinkford, and Belvidere — ^have since' been supplied' by the Rev. James Houghton, under whose carelhe district, ; I doubt not, will prosper,' 'and the: spiritual ; trail ts of the growing' town' of Saddleworth be partially supplied. The churchaVAubura yet remains to be filled upj and with its populous agricultural neighbourhood will, I trust, bocomo the centre of a distinct pai-ochial and mis sionary cure. - ''' ' 'fin addition to the* deatlis above recorded, tho' clergy of the Diocese have been' diminished in number by the departure 'to England of the Rers. T. Field and J''*Polli{i After the com pletion of their ^risit it is the ., intention . ef both, as far as I am informed,'1 to rejoin us. , Th#returnof the Eey\ A- lluasell' ana hi* ap pointment as succesaor 'to Dean Farreli was very welcome. His w«ll-known energy and laborious- i raeai reassured our «pifits, and' enabled ma kope- , fully to renew mj endeavours to racruk tlje suiaber of the ;' clergy. Messrs. Taplia and ? HafBchalw'erf duly ordained deacons, and are ?erring effidstlr^ ode in tHe District of the Meadow?, theio^Mt atBt Luke'a The Rev.H. J. foole, M.A., lta» Sees liceuied' as asnstaot urate to the Dean at'StPaursfaad I an ia hopes of rjeourim ere long the additional «er ?ncegrof twit inorer experienced cl-Mxytnothr Aubum«idJortlieNorthornMission,cnppif44» long^ bjjr the effects of the diiastrous dmigftt a^4 diminished numbers of our clergy, Tb« fspfpti of the times, indeed, his aot'txKm «jcVm»» place beyond apprehension tho competepi fusfeo' nance of the thirty-eight who aro nowattaotoi to the Diocese. With that number of fettled parish curates wid two nussioruuy itinerant clergymen, I think sufficient provision Would \» at present made for the scattered members of our Church. But it is a matter of unceasing anxiety, in these days especially, how to gathor together a large body of approved ken fur tho wojk oC tho ministry, 'giving no offence in anythinj-j that it be not blamed.' Moanwhilo, I must claim tit» patience, forbearanco, an'3 steadfastness of Uy Churchmen 'not to forsato tho assemWipg ;'of themselves together^' but rather to pray for me and for thomselves 'that tho Lord of the larvostwill send forth more kbourors into His harvest.' Time and deliberation are essential for due selection, and theso conditions ,oan only pe secured by the appointment of Kober-minded , ?men as lay readers, who ^Bball carry on the, 'ser- vices in the Church, so' far as reading the liturgy and approved sermons aro concerned. Congregations temporarily are ihus held to* gether, funds provided to'meet any casual deot, or for the improvement of the 'church and iU appurtenances. I liave to thank, many gentle men for their land and efficient aid w this office. ? . ' . ,' , ?? ' I?ew churches 'Kavo bben opened at Port Victor and pnley*,' both, dodicaled undetf th» name of St. Augustine. 'Atllio Meadows, St. George's is fast approach*n£ completion, a hand- ' somo edifice of cutstono'.' At Stra'thalbyn/ tho foundations of a ch'urch wore laid by Lady EdiiU Fergusson. At Eden Valley and Mpunt Lof^y regular services * aro heTd by nppro*fod' lay readers^ and steps' 'have been taken to- raise small churches at' M--ponga and Gleniburn, Kangaroo Island has been visifed, and eervioos held at Kingscote, Hog Bay, and Cygnet River. This long-neglect«djpart of the colony lias thus been, brought within the' occasional react (-f religious ordinances by the Rev. C. Morao. , ; ' Under the -curcumstancos in which* tho Diocese - was. placed by 'deaths and absence* of clergy, my i»wn' mission tours liayebeen more frequent and 'extended thaii' usuat \ Three times during the ''last seven months I havo visited the Riverton 'District and Auburn;, enoa the three churchWon Yorke's 'Peninsula; -and also Port Wakefield.' Siriw then, Goblwa, Port Elliot, Victor 'Harbour, Stxathalbyn, Meadows, . Macclesfield, 'and Echuri^a, ' Mount Pleasant, Mount Torrens arid Wdo'dside*,' Robe .Towij, Mount Gambieri rand Peiiola. In all theao placeslhave found much encouragement, and ,feel persuaded that' with ft ttltfii and y-m- petentty- sustained l\ nUhittry'i ' a very real work of edification would* go on among tho members of the Church,of England.'' 'Ther important subjects of the, incor- poration of Synod' will ' be brought :; under your ; attention, -t the fixing 'Uoundftiries of parishes, and ' the election of. future Bishops.- 1 JhinV ij; jiuo to the Rev, W. Qlayfield , to bear special testimony to , the careful way in, which' his 'numerous candidate^ for confirmation seem to have been prepared fop that solemn ,rite. 'Forty-nine young pooplo, evidently much impressed with the responsibmty of the step they were aUout to take,' testified to the spiritual labour of tho pastor by whom they were prepared^' and' that under tho. un favourable circumstance of scatterod and dis tant dwellings, The' congregations also, in all these .cases were .good, and aU things pertaining to the Church, in comely order. :{V,r], ? 'Vacant cures' still occupy my . 'attention-? Robe Town, Auburn. and'Molrose. ''T^o'-^lefjii . F. Slaney Poo'le ''has 'succeeded i?r.-- J* . Houghton at MacDonnell 'Bay, Penola, and ih© school at Mount Gambler. He carried, with' ^uai , tho regrets of his congregation ; 'but Ibehevo ; iq his present position bo' will find^ ]'i , larger , sphere of usefulness. I also entertain a good hope that before long I shall be enabled to fill, satisfactorily the cures of llobo and Auburn, . . '.' Having drawn up a scries of. questions in order' to' arrive; at a ' f uU , knowledgo of parochial matters, 'and to put the rural clergy\in the way 'of orp'ahizing their p«pj-to in parochial associations for their good, I am much disappointed in the great dehw. shown in Tnnlrincr flioen TofiirnB tn tlin Rftor«fnr» of bynod. 'i here is also an UTogulantyL iu making1 tho returns' of the election of Synods men within the, proper time. This alone might vitiate) any proceedings taken under the. Dis ciplinary Reguktions of thbBj-nodal Compact. , 'Nor. is such neglect in harmony with tha spirit and letter of -that compact. I, aa Bishop, require the aid of tKe clergy in providing;' for the spiritual well-being of tne members filpux Church. ' ; The- Synod lends its 'aid— -monetary and other— to them for thejnirpose; but : unless the clergy observe' '^ and 'enforce , the ? Regu* lations, and proceedings subsidiary,; to them, they in fact break their solemn'promise ; and not only fk-, but ttiej' forfeit their claim to the * advantages which accrue to them from tho Synod. I trust this' notice, will - bo sufficient, and that it will, not [become 'hereafter necessary to: withhold monetary ^grants 'from .those parishes which fail to make tneir returns in due time. ( will now ponclude by begging you to join with me in the prayer that during the ensuing year the copgfegationsjbf 'our Church may have rest; and, ''walking in the'fear of the Lord and in iha comfort of the Holy Ghost, may be multiplied^' ' . ; ? ; ' fiKKUAL KKTOnT. ,.. . V.V, , The jSeckbttabt' read the following .annual eport^of ^ the Standinc Committee:— - '*, t ;'?. ,f f The ;, Standiag Commijttee beg . leave : to submit to the Synod their annual Veport of lh» different 'matters referred to them by the tast Sybod|.and those which have occupied (h_eir. attention, during1 tie jxast year. ? Thoy also pro duce a statement of accounlti, duly audited. ? !' l.j Synodal; Erpenses.-4-They jure happy to ?bejable to report tfiat the amb'nnt receiTe-l during the past year Has been equal to, the ex penditure.' It .must^' 'however,; be remomberei that a. portion of this has been provided for by the sale of furnituBe-|^a source of income which cannot be expected for the future Ou the otiior bund, they expect that the, printing apd. .eta tiohery' accounts will.ta very much less in ttiO: -' ensuing year. They iiheref^rp recommend that' the assessment for this, year, be the same as Uet. All the churches where regular service has been conducted have paid .tho ainpunt at. which they, were rated. ? .., ♦ ? ' ' ' 2. Endowment.— ;In compliance with autho rity received (heejninute 4jj&-, they consulted ?with the Attorneys of.Jthe S j'.Gi and the Boari. of Directors of the Church jof England lEnlow meDt Society, and.arranged. thai the Attorneys should contribute £100, and that £100 standing to the credit of. the St. Asaph Fund should be voted to supplement. a vote of £800 by th» Church ef England. Endowment Society to endow during the. year three churches at £54 per annum, and to increase one from £40 to £50. .They regret, however, to say that only ono Church has availed itself cf the opportunity k* (Sty Mary's, Kooringa). They, believe, however, that the amount necessary to raise* the ondow ment to £00 per anaum will be collected by St. George's, Woodforde,. on tho return of tha Incumbent, who is at present absent in Taamania for the purpose of recruiting Jais health. They regret to state that .the Endowment Trustees report that a considerable sum remains on band uninvested ; and the comparatively low rate, of interest received renders the demand on tho ?- Attorneys of theS.P,G., in. fulfilment of. their guarantee, very heavy. . ... .... ?- :. .,':.', \ 'The Trustees, haxe, however, Wthelibe* f - rality of the Attorneys of... the S.P.G., been ?* enabled to pay. 8 per. .cent... to those Churches which have been more, ihan JO years endowed, although the income Cftn only bo reckoned as 6| per cent., and that sutject to deductions,' la connection' with this .subject, th« Comniittee . think it desirable tha.t. it f-hpuld be knowB that previous to any Church bt-ing endowed, it. U necessary that tho title, aud trust -deed should bo in a satisfactory state. ? '3. Students in Theology.— They have \» report that the Attorneys oi tht S.P;G. haVo ** placed at the Bishop's, disposal the sum of £100 ?cr the year 1870, to be expended in conlributiflff ?? to the Maintenance of etudeula in theology. ? '4. Schedule C— The Committeo hav» U recommend that the. following ' Church* l)« : ftotd ip Schedule C,..and th»t they reoelre »? J^rtLer.ttd froi» tyntf after J»o* 30^:J871, ? v exceptintfce shap* ol ftuistauce.tewatds owtow- « aent:-6t: MtUtmlt, keuw^tg* *.', .Chru*- : , r \t. The Ministjftiojw ComsaitUt'j Bepftrt— ?31* Btaadisg Committee, to* not Wen ia a pwtmito grre effect to tbe recommendations' ? - -i '.tS^'lfwwnuy Clergymen.— They an happy . \- -ttW *N« t« mfona the Synod that, thrown ?* tlMr.tbertfit} of the late Mr. Thocngate, 1* WalMkas been put ia poeaesdoa of an iicoue ?f £1W per annum, and that the Attorneys of tip.&T;& have also placed at his disposal OMMwta, of £200 for the year 1870, foTSonw mammary purposes. . ; ? ,? ? ; ^*!3Tbe,;'foUowin$ progress report of the J&Wionary; Committee was adopted on the 6th July, 1869:— ,?'??' Xst That the districts in Schedule Y be ? KCCjpaBed as missionary districts, each needing ABWeionaryckrgyman. . -^ ' '2id. That tbe districts in Schedule Z be Mco£TU*-d aa missionary districts, each attached . to tk* nearest clergyman able to undertake the «Ja*l»*. ?!?3rd. That when a misrienary district in Schedule Y is desirous of obtaining the services ?f.» missionary clergyman, and is willing to ?wtribute for that purpose towards his stipend, amunce may be given to any extent not ex ceejlin^ two-think of his stipend proposed, a*l subject to rearrangement at the end of three ' * 4th. That clergymen who have one of the cBtricts in Schedule Z attached to theircure, and .which they regularly visit, should receftre a iwage allowance not exceeding £30 per annum. ''5th. That a sum not exceeding £8 3s. per % week, or ,£2 2s. per week if travelling expenses , are; allowed, should be paid to any .clergyman appointed by the Bishop to take occasional- mis- . oonary duties. . . .^^th. That the Attorneys of the 3.P.O. be requested to make such provision aa they can for enabling the above scheme to bo carried out -' ubdcr the direction of the Bishop. ;;?-! Schedule Y.-l. Melrose, Port Augusta, and the. Blinman. 2. Lake Hamilton, Streaky ' Bay, and West Coast 3. Banks of the Murray, Wellington, and the Lakes. '♦Schedule 2.-1. Kangaroo. Island; X Narracoorte and Penola; 3. Yorke's Peninsula; 4\. vMaoDonnell Bay; 5. Nyponga; - 6. Port Wakefield; 7. Hoyle's Plains, r ,..?;,.. . ''G.H.Farb, Convener.' ' 7. Election of Bishops and General Synod Committee.— This Committee have sent: in a report to Synod, recommending the mode of procedure in case of a vacancy occurring in tho See, .which will accompany this report. , '.8. Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund;— They are happy to be able to state that the Guarantee Fund, calculated by the Actuary at £1,000, now . amounts .to £1,102 8a. 6d., and probably a few more pounds may W collected; and that the amount received from, tho annual collections in! ehurches, estimated to produce £500, is £558; 0s» 6*dt, with some further sums to come in. There are. now five recipients of annuities pf £30 eacK, one of which wilL cease in about four years, as the orphan receiving it is upwards of 14 years of age. On June 30 next this fund will have been established five years. . It will then be the duty of the Standing Committee to prepare a special report of the state and prospects of the fundj with a view to regulate the. amount 'of -.the! anmyties for the next period of five years. They are happy to say that the whole of the: funds (£2,400) are invested at a satisfactory rate of interest, with the exception of £120 recently , received, now in the Savings Bank, which bears an interest probably of 5 per cent, which is tho . rate of interest calculated by the Actuary oh the whole amount of capital.!: .:....? 'They think that the thanks of the Synod are due to the Trustees, the Investment Com mittee, the Auditors, and especially the Secre tary,, for their gratuitous services for the last live years, by which means a considerable outlay ; has bein saved. Tn future some additional ex penditure .will probably be necessary in pro viding for. some of these services, and the rate of interest on investment hitherto received cannot possibly be expected to be maintained. 'The balance-sheet of the fund to the 30th June, 1869, was published with the last report, and a progress account accompanies the present document. . . ? . - '9, Parish Boundaries.— Serious difficulties having arisen in defining those boundaries, they recommend that a discussion take place in Synod on the subject. ' 10. Incorporation of Synod.— The Standing Committee recommend that immediate steps bo taken te incorporate Synod for the purpose of relieving various Trustees of their trusts and facilitating the general work of the Church. '11. General Church and Home Mission. — The- Committee regret that during the past year th«s fund has fallen oil to the extent of upwards uf £50 from the amount received the previous year (£119 4s., against £170 9s. 5d.) This is a matter of very serious importance, as the diffi culty of supplementing the stipends of clergy at the present reduced rate of 75 per cent, of the scale will be much increased, aud the rate will probably nave again to be reduced to 50 per cent, in June next for the half -year then expiring. It is much to be desired that the contributions to this fund should be increased, as in times of depression there Is the greatest difficulty in maintaining the ordinances of the Church in the agricultural districts. 'Schedule A.— The following, churches have been added to Schedule A. during the past year: r-Christchurch, Yankalilla; St. John's, Auburn; Holy .Evangelists, Goohva; St. Augustine's, '12.' Theological :ind Ecclesiastical Library. — The Committee have received the following minute from the Attorneys of the _ S.P.G. :— * It was' resolved that,. the £40 remitted to Mr. Marryat,* of London, Tje given' .to bindthe' books presented by the 'University of Oxfofdj on the distinct understanding,' however, that such books are accessible at all times to any clergy man in the diocese Holding tho Bishop's licence.' 'The Attorneys' have also contracted for suitable* bookcases, for the safe custody of these relumes. .' .'.':' . ... ; '14; Statistical Returns.— Your Committee regret to find that the greatest neglwyence occurs in sending in the statistical returns 'asked for by, tie Bishop. No less than 20 out of 67 Churches have failed to seud in the returns on the 3rd May, although they were requested to be sent in en or before the 20th April; The Committee cannot but consider this as a disregard of the wishes' of the Bishop, which ought riot to' bo apparent in any portion of the diocese.' '15'. Certificates of Election of Syiw-dsmen.. —The Committee also regret to find that there has been great irregularity in making the! requisite returns of the election of Synodsmen. at the Easter Vestries. They direct the par ticular attention of Synod to clause 9 of Regula tions not Fundamental, and would point out the great difficulties that might arise from any doubt or dispute as to the validity of the election of members of Synod. ' ' It. B. Colley, Chairman. ' Mav 3. 1870.' Received and ordered to be printed. ECCLESIASTICAL LIBRARY. The Secretary read the Committee's report, asunder: — ? ' . 'The Committee have to report that the books collected by Desin Russell in England, jmd those granted by the University of Oxford (alluded to in their last report), have safely arrived in the colony. As soon as the bookcase which has been ordered by the Attorneys of the &P.G.; is erected they will be properly cata logued and put into circulation. These books, added to those of the Bray Library, form a very valuable , collection of standard theological works, and will enable the Committee to devote the greater part of their funds to the purchase^ of new and modern divinity. - ; ? '?' l 'The Committee would express their thanks to the .Attorneys of the S.P.G; for their libe rality in granting thesum of £40 for the binding of the bookB given by the University of Oxford, as.well as for the.iuse -of the Church Office and bookcase. . . . '?- '? ' ? ? '? ?.? ' ?? ' ' : ? ? ? „ „ ': 'They would also call the attention of Synod to the condition on which the above-mentioned grantof £40 was given by. the Attorneys— viz., that such books are accessible at all times to any * clergyman ih: the Diocese holding the Bishop's licence. -(See report of Standing Committee, paragraph 12.) ' In conclusion, the Committee would express a .hop* that the work of forming a good theolo gical and ecclesiastical library, which has thus been' I successfully commenced, will meet with cordial and continued support of both the' clergy and laity a? the diocese.; : ., - . , v,-* ,«« (JhaRLE* MaHWT Ar» Chairman.' The report wak/ori ^'nwtion of .'the Dkijr; *ecowJed^'Archa^on^Mi'nKTAT, adopted.1 