SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, Friday. The Assembly yesterday adopted an address to tho Governor, praying for the dismissal of Ministers in preference to a dissolulion. The address was pre sented to-day. His Excellency replied that too little public business had been transacted. The New Land Act. — Owing to a variety of causos, the amount of land being taken up in this district under the new Land Act is scarcely $o great as was anticipated prior to the passing of that measure. One cause operating against foe progress cf- settlement i3 this absence of a proper definition as to what constitutes.a gold-field under the meaning of the Act. Between El Dorado and Waugaratta, there is a large area of land. adapted for settlement, but owing to the fact that a great portion of this has been held under mining lease, intending settlers are obliged to apply urnler tho 49th section, which restricts the maximum size of allotments to twenty acres. Holdings of this description, it need searcely be said, are utterly ;uuspltable."as .a means oi livellliood,'and until" if- is decided whether land so situate is fo be! classed as a gold-field or adjacent thereto, ' the progress of settlement is likely to be greatly impeded. Sofaras'we -can judge of the matter, there appears little probability of mining being carried on in the greater portion of the area i referred to for many years to come, and no j harm could accrue by allowing selection to ! take place under the provisios of Part II., i especially as land alienated under the Act is j liable.to be entered on for mining purposes on payment of compensation. The reservation ! of 40,000 acres of land at Bontherambo and 1 Carraragarmungee, in connection with the j Beechworth branch railway, has likewise acted lis a deterrent to settlement. Much of the ! land in question is well, adapted for agricul tural purposes, and would soon be taken up- j were the reservation revoked. Still, in spite ; of these and other drawbacks; "a fair amount ofland is being applied for. Mr H. Davidson,, contract surveyor, forwhat may be termed the Beechworth division, -has received 21 applica tions to date", embracing an area of about 2350 acres. For tho Mitta Mitta and Upper ) Murray division, 'Mr. Peter Wright has 43 -j applications on iiis books, comprising .about j 8100 acres. - Iii the ChiU'ern and R'utherglen j division, Mr Arrowsmitli- lias 'recoived some 63 applications-, for a total of 6,627 acres, j ;whilo' at Wangaruttu, Mr..Pinniger. htis ovoV 120 application on his books. .'ItfTte w of tllia. "hnroberof applications, it may.be considered that: the regulations, so 'flatteringly alluded to ' in. the. Governor's speech, are affording "the widest facilities for settlement ;" but- tins i3 vnot altogether tho case. We havo reason to- . believe that were it not for tho small aihouhu i of frontage alloweda vast, amount, of . jan$ : TOinld bo tqken up by settlers in New South ' Wales. For some txmio previous to tho passing of tho Act, farmers wero looking with longing eyes across the border, owing to tho difficulty they experienced in procuring land suitable for agricultural purposes within a reasonable distrvneo of market. But whilo the regulations remain as at present, it 13 donbtfnl whether many will leave Row South Wales for Victoria the cost of fencing one of Mr MoKean's half- section allotments being too great for men of ' small means. Acoording to these regulations, ' a 320 acre allotment will be two miles in ..length, by a quarter of a mile in width, the j amount of fencing required being 360 chains, ' which at 53 a rodi — a very moderate estimate for a sheep-proof fence — would cost £360, or more than the fee simple of a farm in N ew South Wales, with double . the amount of frontage ! would come to. If tbe new Land Act is ever to be that success which its supporters, antici pated, the regulations must undergo material alteration. There are several other, matters besides those previously alluded" to, sneh as the unequal division of the districts amongst , the contract surveyors, which prevent the beneficial working of the Act, and entail both ; annoyance and expense on the pnblic. | Beechworth Borough Council.— There ! are now two candidates in tho - field for the ' seat at the Beechworth Borough Council,' vacant by the resignation of .Mr Tillslev. The names of" tho gentlemen who have -thns" obligingly come forward are Mr Thomas Wil kinson aud Mr E. S. Harris. Personally, both ' are eligible for the office, but, ou public grounds, we must object to Mr Harris's candi dature. In the first place, as a servant of the Government— or what is the same thing, of the Board of Education — it is doubtful whe ther he will be allowed to retain his seat; even if elected; hi the second place, were even this last objection waived, we hold it to be bad j'taste on the part of a teacher to mix himself j np too prominently in pnblic affairs. In our opinion, a schoolmaster, journalist, or clergy man ought to bo perfectly independent of party trammels, and be able to stand alto gether aloof from party warfare, a state of : things altogether incompatible with the posi- ' tion Mr Harris aspires to. As by virtue of his office, that gentleman has an extensive ac quaintance with the humanities, we would recommend to his consideration the Latin proverb, Ne sluor ultra crepidam. Correction. — In Thursday's issue we men- tioned that Mr Gordon Duncan's grocery business in Ford-street had been purchased by Mr Greer, of Yackandandah. We have been requested to state that Mr Greer, lately in the employ of Shaw Brothers, Spring Creek, is the purchaser. To Correspondents. — -The commuication of " Nina"' bears special reference to a jocund date which has passed away, so far as tho present year is concerned. O.ving to pressure of business, the M.S. has not been revised. Tho emanation from " Paul Pry's Ghost" has been received, and if found suitable, will appear in our next. Exhaustion. — In too many cases but little heed is given by people in prosperous circum stances, to the sufferings undergone by men who are obliged to travel in search of employ ment in such weather as has lately prevailed. On Thursday, a poor fellow was observed by the; police in a state of utter prostration, op posite the office of this journal in Ford-street. On being questioned, he stated that he had only been about three months in the colony; and that he had travelled to Beechworth looking for work. Owing to the heat of tho weather, and probab-j'. insufficiency of food, he had become quite exhausted ; and although a3 he said lie would not givo in till the last, I he "had been obliged to succumb, and was ( unable to rise from where ho had sat down. A conveyance was procured, and.themau con veyed to the Ovens District Hospital, whoro he is progressing favorably. The Benevolent Astluh.— At the usual committee meeting, held on ' Wednesday ; evening,. there were present — Mr Brett (presi dent), Messrs Beutlev, Stevens, Billson, Berry, | Hickling. and O'Connor, foe Kev. MrDodg3on, and Dr. Fox. Tho superintendent's report showed the number remaining iu the institu tion at date of last report to be 29 men, 2 women ; total, 31. Since admitted, 1 man ; left. voluntarily, I man ; died, 1 man ; remain- , ing at date, 28 men, 2 women ; total, SO. There were vacancies for 2 men and 4 women. Deceiving out-door reliof — S men, 9 women, 3 children ; total, 20. , Total relieved during the fortnight. 52. Two men were admitted : into the institution. The report of the build ing sub-committee, which recommended that an additional ward similar to the present oue be erected, was adopted. -Mr Hickliug moved, and -Mr Stevens seconded, the appointment of Mr Ambrose as clerk of works, at current rate. I After some discussion, an amendment, moved i by Mr Bentle_v and seconded by Mr Berry, to I the effect that tho appointment be loft to the i building committee, was adopted. It was re solved that tenders be called by the building ; committee previous to next meeting ; and that the common seal of the corporation bo at tached to all deeds, documents, A-c. Opening op Oxley Common School. — Tho new schoolroom at Oxley, tho erection of which has just been completed, was opened on Monday morning, in the presence of several members of tho committee aud a num ber of tho parents of tho pupils ; between Eixfy and seventy children wero also in attendance. Mr D. Cozens, corresponding . secretary, in a few remarks expressed tho great pleasure k-i felt in meeting tho children in their new and commodious schoolroom, alluding to the building as an evidence of the rapid progress that that portion of the district 1 had made within the last few years, and eulogising the system of teaching as pursued by Mr J. Huig and Miss Carton. At the con- ; elusion of Mr Cozens' remarks, three hearty ' cheers were given, by the children for all present. ' The new builling is highly credi- ! table to the residents of Oxley, it being ono of the largest in the district, tho dimensions being, length, 71 feet, width, 22 feet ; total cost of e reaction, £655i Surrounding the s.cboolrooin are two acres of laud, whioh wore secured at an additional .outlay of £20. Mr 'Daizisl, of Baechwoith, furnished the design, and spared no pains in superintending the construction of tho minding ; tho contractors were Messrs John Jack, and William Black, ! who have finished the work in a tradesmanlike j manner. i The North Eastern Railway." — It is satis- i factory to learn that tho preliminary works in | connection with the North Eastern Bail way : aro being pushed on as rapidly as possible. Mr ! Cowderoy who was employed professionally in valuing for the Billarat and Eshuca line3, is conducting tho valuations and negotiations' for land required, for the North-Eastern, and already a number of claims have been arranged and are in train for settlement. Cases of dispute about the compensation claimed will be dealt with under the Lands Compensation Statute, 1869, which simplifies considerably the order of proceeding, aud will protect the country against the costs and soma of the difficulties in which the . Government have hitherto been involved in dealing with un reasonable claimant.'- All eases uuder £330. in ' which the claimants refuses to ac ept tia oiLr recommended by; the valuer, wili.have to be " decided by a police magistrate. . In all other bases, either a oounty court judge or eoiice magistrate must be the solo arbitrator/, or if. other ' arbitrators arb appointed, th'oy "must " select a county court- judge or police in igistrate as umpire.' " Tenders fbr".th.e-.'cbus"truction of , tho first fifty-six "miles have Beeii called fdiy and, -it ,is :not unreasonable to expect that'bei'; fore the end of April, t'qp.ge.ramony of cutting r the first sod of tho Nbrth'eaSterh lino will be" performed. 7i'f\\!r .— s Importation of lam . Stocj-. . ing are the returns stock, imported, nitd iftctom iron; N-. Wales, "comber.""' lSeiKB owrr: - 3 sheep, ill horiis:;. 37ifog:inr:U -2S;0io sheep," !'2d hor363R2iW.aagntiit-i,-;VW3; 'HfiLun r" £ ' Tub" Mountain -GoromELRS.—Thu; eaom-o ; from the- mountains arrived m Mansfiila o i Wednesday evening, says tho local lorfo anl loft on Thursday nforning, ThUfotoamiC of giild taken down was about 15,009. oz. of which more than 1209 oz. were from Mansfield. Amateur Performance at rutirbnolsn- _ \n entertainment cqrisistitig of songs, reci tations, and dramatic representations was given at Rnthorglen on Monday evenmg. Tho attendance was numerous, and the various pieces performed- appeared to give general satisfaotioiL Amongst tho most suc cessful performers wero Messrs Martin, Ander son, Brennan, Cooper, Selwyn, Jacobs, and Jonnston, and Miss Benjamin. Tho enter tainment concluded with the afterpiece of . The Porter's Knot." The Foley's. — This talented company of comedians will again make their appearance in S't. George's Hall, Beechworth, this evening. The entertainment furnished by the company ia really good of its kind, and notwithstanding the plethora of amusements with which we have been visited of late, tbe Foleys are likely " to receive their fair share of patronage. Weights for the Alburt Handicap. — The following are the weights for the Albary Turf Clnb Handicap, to be run for. on Thurs day, 24th March :— Australia, . 8st 121bs ; Huntsman, 9st61bs; Wisdom, 8st 3lbs ; Va lentine, 7s.t 131bs ; Wee Mick, 7st 12Ibs ; Arnma, 7st 12ibs ; Fleur-de-lis, 7st lOlbs ; j Sparrowhawk, -7st lOlbs ; Snowdrift, 7st 61bs ; ! Babbler, 7st 21bs.; Spanker, 7st 21bs ; Figaro, " 7st; "Mohican", fist i2ibs.; Lady, Gst lOlbs ; ( Maxiinus, Gst 91bs ; Gazelle, 6si 51bs ; Miss LWasp, Gst 4U» ;=> iBips.tqu.o6Bt . Albs;; lohfi-' ;.;noor,.6 s't. vi? o-"- ;i: - = - ' ' Bright Shire Council. — At thelastmeeting of this council, Rankin and Co.'s tender for works at Harrietville was accepted, for £150. The works at the Devii's creek were not con sidered as being very muchrequiredat present. The works between Bell's creek and Forbes' house, at Growler's Creek, were ordered to be done by day labor, as it was difficult to, define what was required in a specification : however, so strong a feeling against day' labor works was expressed that this is likely to provo an excep tional case. The surveyor was instructed to prepare specifications for gravelling the foot paths in Bright ; a new footbridge over Morse's Creek, at Dogherty crossing ; aiid for a culvert and formation of ten chains of road near Mr Woodside's Station, Running Creek road. Cr Brady gave notice of a motion for allocatiiig £30 to the Barwidgee road repairs.. The revenue officer received stringent instructions to enforce tho law against all sly grog sellers. Mr Trap'p was appointed to supervise the gravelling of the main roii'd works No. 33. Senior-constable Larken was appointed in spector of slaughter yards.' A committee was appointed to accept tenders for collection of agricultural statistics. (On tho 14th inst., tho following tenders for the collection referred to were opened : — Wm. Grave. £26 5s ; John Quin, £18 ; D. Forbes, £15. Mr Quins tender was accepted.) Tho council resolved to send a memorial to the Minister of Mines, asking for erection of ft powder magazine, 'and a committee was appointed to see after the dilapidated culverts over races. Payments to the amount of £1,000 were made of which £370 to R. Herbert, and £303 to A. McDonald were the most important. Slaughter ing licenses were granted to H. Winter, Eurobin, and Thomas jHarrison, , Harriet ville. The secretary was instructed to take steps towards having the provisions of the Health Statute extended' to the" Shire. Suspension of a Police Magistrate. — We have reason to'believe that- Mr F. B.Pohl- man, for some time acting as police magis trate and warden in tho'Bright aud Buckbuid district, has been suspended from office, and tiiat for the present, Sir Butler has been ap pointed to do duty in that locality. The rea sons for this action on the part of the Go vernment wo are not in a position to give, but possibly Mr Polilman's relief from duty is only temporary. Mining Board Election. — Messrs L. Murphy and F. Warr, the two candidates for the vacant seat at tho Beechworth Mining "Board, for the Beechworth division, will ad dress the eloctors at tbe Butchers's Arms, Spring Cieek, this evening : Wilkinson's Hotel, El Dorado, on Monday evening ; aad at Steven's Hotel, Woolshed, on Tuesday . evening. 