; i . i ; Article on Baptism. jedw abd vi. The promise of grace «afl ' everlasting life, which promise is ad joined to tho sacrament «)f Baptism, inasmuch 4that infants in their fancy shalt undoubt- edly be saved thereby, or else not, which sin «aast needs be remitted hd which can be but the sacrament of JBaptism. pbesont article . Baptism is not only a sign of' profession but it is also a sign (not the thing signi fied) of regeneration or new birth; they who receive Baptism rightly are grafted into . the Church. The pro mises of forgiveness of sin, and of our .adop tion to be the Sons of God by. the Holy Ghost are visibly sign ed and sealed. Faith is confirmed and grace increased by virtue of prayer to God. Tho baptism of young chil dren is in any wise to be retained in the Church. We wish particularly, to call attention %> the above extract, as we have much to any about it, and as it strikingly illustrates the ability and honesty of our " Searcher," The two articles are given by " S." to «hoiir that the Liturgy and Articles, as 4hey now stand, are more. Protestant than those of Edward YI. We say, this is un true. We say after a long and careful comparison, that the second book of Ed ward is much more evangelical than the JSook. of Common Prayer now in use ! ! Hot, let us see how " S" attempts to make jimt his point. He professedly quotes the Article of Edward YI. on Baptism," — -and by the side of it he places what he calls the "present arti cle." This is very good, if true ; l>ut it is not true. No such Article as that given above, was ever published Edward VI, or by his sanction, fidward VI. published his 42 Articles in 1552\. These were revised, with altera tions and additions, and reduced to 39, t>jr authority of Elizabeth in 1562, and continue iu force to the present time. The. Article on Baptism, published by .Edward YI., is substantially the same as that now in use. Tho reader may con- ttlt Burnet on the Thirty Nine Articles. Brown , do. — Orgers, do — See also Appendix to Heylyn's History of the Re- Jprmatim. The quotation given by " S " ' as the Article of Edward VI., and in tended to prove the progress of the Re formers in a knowledge of the truth, was mot. written by the Reformers at all, but ie. in reality a garbled extract of one of Ten Articles composed and published |>j Henry VIII. in 1536, one year before .Edward VI. was born, and sixteen years before Edward published his Arti cles! 1 1 See Burnet's 'His. Ref. vol. it. Part ii. 443, <t:c. Heylyn's do., page 6.— Sfoames' His. Ref, vol. ii., 164, Sc. — Bax ter's His. Church of England, part ii., 387\. Such ignorance as this would have hisen inexcusable in any man, much more sn a man who insinuates that, while the .reading of his opponent is most confined, and- his information most limited, his own is both extensive and accurate. But toasting is vain ! The Article on Bap tism, as composed, and published by Henry VIII, contains eight paragraphs, two -liefore and four after the extract " S " has given above ; in all, sixty-six lines, as it tends in Burnet. " S's " so called " Article of Edward VI,," — consists. of; tub garbled extracts from the above- named,— the one from the beginning of one paragraph, and the other from the middle if another. The first paragraph ends with tho words " or else not," then thirteen words are omitted, and a part of a new paragraph is tacked on to a part of the ' former one, and the gap filled up by a comma (,), then the whole is labelled; — : " Article on Baptism, Edward VI." " S." anight just as well have quoted the six Articles of Henry VIII, published in 1539, called " the bloody statute — the whip with six stings," by those exposed to its merciless barbarity." (Soames voK ii. 361) ; and have; labelled these atrocious) tilings " Articles of Edward VI for they would haye set the " Book of. Com mon Prayer," and even the " Act of Uni-, dbrihity," offVto. advantage. We. submit this for his consideration. Let the reader now return and carefully consider the quotation already given/ called by , " S." the "present article," and let him compare it with the - TwentyrSeventh Article, as it stands in the; Prayer-hook, sad he, will find, that " S.", has garbled . thu| also. . ; .We say nothing .pliont the ex planatory' clause 'he. has 'ihirpyrn in, although this is highly, improper, but con- finis ourselves to his omissions. After the meed" profession f in theseoond line; he . strikes out fifteen words', and as usual fillt , ' fhe ' gap" with a comma (,) .. Tbenhe . omits the following,— by an Atufrument." After which he gees on until' he comes to the wort " church;'' where he ends, thus lopping off from this already mangled Article eight more words; ending ' with a full stop, where the original only has a comma. So that there are twenty-nine words in the original Article, not found in the hash given by " 8."— and there are five words in " S.'s" not in the original. " S." tells ns " that kings could not; however tyrannical, alter the Articles," and yet we find " S." altering them at leisure, exercising in fact more power than was ever exercised by the most tyrannical of kings ! 1 1 Truly, we are living in extraordinary times. After this, it would be idle to enquire what next, and next, and next ; for who can tell, bat that " S." may yet square the circle, discover the philoso pher's stone, or perpetual motion, or do something else equally extraordinary 1 But enough of this. If " S." will venture upon a justification of such a system of quotation as that we have just exposed, we only have to say that we hope he is the only man in this country who will do it. Suppose such a system was generally adopted, and applied to the Holy Scriptures, as well as to. all other writings whatever, what would be the result ? This is the very method Infidels adopt, in order to prove that the Bible is one of the most immoral hooks in the world. They garble, put in, and strike out all that is not adapted to their purpose, and of course succeed to their heart's content. The method adopted by " S." is the one almost invariably pursued by Papists and Jesuits. They garble, put in, leave put, misquote, misstate, just exactly as " S." has done. Should any one doubt what we say, let him obtain some controversial book, written by a Papist or a Jesuit, and compare the method with that of " S.," and then judge for himself. We have bad some little experience in controversy, but we are hound to say that, outside In fidelity and Romanism, we have met with no writer so bitter in his spirit, so un reliable in his quotations, and so reck less in his statements as our friend" S." We deeply regret having to make such .a statement, but to us. the most painful part is its truth. We havo put this matter fully before our readers. We have referred them to hooks, and to documents, whose authenticity can not be questioned. We have put it with: in the power of tho most ordinary . reader to judge between us and. our opponent. We ask them to receive neither our assertions nor those of our opponent on trust, but to go to the facts, to turn them up, to look at them until they master them, and then to give a verdict in accor dance with evidence. This is all we ask, and as much as this we have a right to expect. As " S." has unquestionably, by the course he has adopted, placed himself be yond controversy, (for it would be useless, and even dangerous to argue with a man who contends for victory, and who, in order to obtain it, is prepared to ride rough-shod over every thing which comes in his way) we might therefore safely qnd fairly blose the subject here. There are others, however, whose interest appears to render a continuation desirable ; for their sakes we shall return, in our next, to the general features of the question, promising tit the same time that our remarks shall not extend bey&nd; another paper. We mast therefore,' for the present, leave " S" and our readers to their own reflections. 