John Hart he spoke in darksome Wats, But Mais he took thorn ill; ' To cut down these last Estimates Is past my utmost skill. 'If you would have a Northern Line, »? That sum you must expend!' ' , John Hart he turned away in scorn, And thus their talk did end. ' Oh. rede me, rede me, Milne,' he said, 'A good rede give to me; Oh, shall I Boothby's figures take, . And let stern Mais's bo.' 'The estimates that Boothby gives ? Will suit you tn a. T; ' Then use them freely in your Bill, And let stern Mais's be.' Away, then, went bold Johnny Hart,— Away to the House went, he, And Boothby's figures used he there, And let poor Mais's be. And up then rose the grim Strangways, And grinned with, mickle gleo ; . '? To Boothby Mais must now give place, If this be so,' quoth he, Quoth Hart ' Our Mais is wondrous wise, A skilful man I ween; But Boothby's blessed with common sense, As plainly may be seen. 'I've taken Boothby's figures here To fix the sum wo 11 borrow ; But ne'er shall Mais to him give place,t The change would bring me .sorrow.' And up then rase the members all And told him to his face, ' Away with Boothby's estimates, We'll trust to none but Mais. ' For Mais he is a trusty hand And Engineer-in-Chief ; And if we Boothby's figures take We'll surely come to grief.' Then up and spake stout Hamilton, tfX)n that I've much to say, And move the question be adjourned For one week and a day.' FTTTE THE SECOND. 'Twos at the solemn silent hour When night and morning meet; In glided Mais's grimly ghost And stood at John Hart's feet. His face was stern, and bold his look, He gave nor sigk nor groan, But stiffly curlcd'his long moustache, And angry was his tone. 'Awake!' he cried, ''Tis Mais that calls, Whose estimates you floored; Now must your conscience hear the man Whom you threw overboard. c- This is the dark and dreary hour When walks each injured sprite; Though I'm not dead, my ghost has come To haunt thee in the night. ' Bethink thee, Treasurer, of thy fault, Thy broken faith to me ; And give the recognition duo To my authoritie. ' Why did you seek my figures clear, And not those figures' trust? Why did you not explain your viows When we the scheme discussed? ' How could you fay my skill was rare, And yet that skill forsake? How could you drop my estimates, And unskilled Boothby's take? *'How could you let him 'gainst my Staff Insinuations spread. And charge us with dishonesty? I'd like to punch hig head ! 'But hark ! the cock-crow warns me hence, Remorse and grief be thine ! For know, despite this usage vile, I shan't— I won't resigu.'* The cock crew loud ; the morning smiled With beams of rosy red ; In shame and grief the Treasurer woke, And pondering left his bed. He hied him swiftly to the House His sorrow to express ; But still tho more he urged his pleas, The worse he made the moss. His Bill was dropped ; the House declared They Mais alone believed, And swore by Boothby's estimates They ne'er would be deceived. MORAL. Take warning here, each bold Premier, By how this Bill has fared ; Mistrust awaits all estimates By private hands prepared. Turn not aside from lawful guide, Respect official ri'le ; When in his place the bluntest Mais Becomes a sharp-edged tool. ECHOES FROM THE BUSH. By (tEOFfry Ckabthorit. I have bored you, my beloved public, more than once about our educational defi ciencies, and I mean to take every available opportunity of repeating the process until yeu have made up your mind what ought to* be done, and done it accordingly. ' I mako no apology therefore for asking you to con trast the thoughtful utterance of the Wes* leynn Church on this subject, recently' published, with the vague and impracticable scheme put forth in a recent memorial to Parliament, which purports to represent the views of the Church of England Synod oh this matter, albeit the document is simply .. signed 'A. Adelaide,'— probably for Short. I am not going to debate the question now, , for I am not in the humour to do so ; but if ~ you can devote your energies to a little thinking (an unreasonable suggestion, I admit), you may do yourself a service by , comparing the two documents. I congratu late the W esleyans on the catholicity of their ? scheme, although I don't go all the way with them ; and I only hope that when the time comes for action they will cheerfully make yet further concessions to secure the training of our colonial youth to. more' useful and improving pursuits than at pre sent engross a frightfully large section of the juvenile population. Thanks to Messrs. Hughes and Hay, the question has long been threatening to come on in the House of Assembly, but it has been as often post poned to make way fpr 'more important' matters— the cultivation of our country lands, and the bringing down by train of our produce fiom theFarNorth, being, of course, infinitely more pressing than the cultivation of our city weeds and the bringing up by careful training of our human produce throughout tho colony! Every day our boys, and girls are maturing into men and women, and every day's delay in. reforming our rotten eduoa* tional system leaves them more and more a prey to low desires and gross enjoyments ? the natural results of social isolation and ' mental starvation. Already the records of our Criminal Courts bear revolting testimony to our past neglect. Let it continue for a few years more, and what must follow?— There, my public, I have done preaching for the present, so, if you are not already nod ding, you can now close your eyes and go off into a comfortable doze of disregard as to the troubles these delays are surely storing up for you. It is gratifying to note that Her Majesty has been pleased promptly to signify her approval of the Bill for excluding contractors . from Parliament ; and one might reasonably . have expected that its proclamation would have put an end to all convenient compacts between Governments and independent . members. Such expectations, however, are clearly doomed to disappointment. Simul taneously with the proclamation of the Act we learn that a prominent legal member of the Lower House gets a retainer from the Government in ' the Northern Territory case — which for its fertility in fabricating costs bids fair to outstrip the great Moonta case itself— and as no one in his senses can suppose that the ' legal lore of the (by courtesy) learned gentle man can possibly be very essential to the con duct of such a suit, it becomes an interest ing speculation to enquire what are the services to be rendered in return for the retainer. That the author of the Bill should be the first to violate its spirit is but natural, and it is to be hoped that in due time a return of his fees will enable the public to see how far he has profited by the omission of thefewwordi needed to make such a transaction illegal. Of course, 1 mean simply a Parliamentary return of the fees; to look for one in the common and unparliamentary sense would be Utopian in the extreme. ; Everybodyis crying out upon the Ministry's mistake in disregarding Mr. Mais's position, and taking up with a subordinate's estimate for the Northern Railway without investiga tion or verification, simply because it better suited their occult purpose. Having so recently called Messrs. Patterson and Boothby over the coals in a friendly, way for their cantankerous controversy, I am not much inclined to go at length into a '?'? somewhat similar question, albeit I do not hesitate to express my, opinion that the Cabinet were not lustafied in violating official rulesy unless they were prepared, like Cromwell, to remove the Mais. . Luckily, a correspondent relieves me of the trouble of . further comment, by contributing a history of the case, adapted with little alterabon : from a well-known ballad . of the olden ' time. ? .-, ?-???;.?; ?:??-? - ? ? ???' ? . . ? .'??' '. ','., .'??' s AN OLD SONG WITH A 'NEW FACE.: , ;.: j '?..; FYTTK THE FIRST. '.'.'??. c John Hart he was bur Treasurer,, ; ;i i T JAnd eke our bold Premier;'' ?? ..;,.:,-. . And Mais he was a goodly man— A first-rate engineer. John Hart and Mais in anxious talk Sat all one winter's day ; When sun was set and night was come, They had not said their say. 