THE SACRAMENT; OF; , PENANCE.'; . No tivo objects of human contemplation can be :3n«reuriIik¥'eaotiifflrflimi the Scripture doc trine of repientanoo towards God, and the Sacra ment; so -called, of Popish penance. " Scripture 'repentance is a change: of niind comieetcd . aa-itli sorrdAV for sin— a' ceasing' to' do evil, and a learn- ing to do Avell— a confession of sin to God ; and, where man is concerned, . and. where , ik is qiracti cable, reparation to man ; it implies solf- loathiiig/ and a deep sense of nmA-prtli'ihess.' the a-ery rcA-orse of self- sufficiency, and a disposition to boast. It is always accompanied aa-itli a feeling of utter , nnworthinoss, aa-liich 1 leaA-es' the sinner destitute of all idea 'of doing anything by aa-liicli to diminish his oaa-ii guilt, eA-en to the £>:tcnt of a single par fcielo. ' He sees' that if the law shall take its ' course, the penalty . must be indicted, although it iuA-oh-es liis own eternal undoing ! He has;, therefore, but trvo qiatlis ojien to him— either to take tlie consequences, and perish, or to confess liis guilt' to tlio Father of Spirits, and sue for mercy, imploring, a .freo:and full pardon, for Christ's sake, of all his past transgressions and that, on the same /ground, he may be accounted righteous, and rcceiA-cilg to DiA-ine favour; ' Such is- the repentance of the Sacred Scriptures and its effects. ' According. to Popery;' Penance is "a sacra ment, a visible sign permanently instituted by Christ; aiid productive of grace." It remits all kinds of sin. The priests/ as ministers of God, and in .his' name; communicate sanctifying'grace to men. " This grace eft'aces their sins, re-estab lishes them in the' friendship of God, and all the other privileges, which they had lost by sin." Mai-a-cllous grace this ! -But let it be.-remcmbered that this is.;.tlio Po2)ery._taugiit throughout the length and breadth of the Emerald Isle. "That poAver extends to all sins aa-liateA-er, let their number or enormity be ever so great, "j- But the blessings go further. ' ' The Sacrament of Penance; by remitting sin, re- establishes the sinner inthe possession- of' sanctified or- habitual grace ; jiy, the, hifusion of this- grace, the con verted sinner receives at tlie same time' all tlio other virtues- and the gifts of the Holy Ghost. He likewise receives actual graces to conquer all temptations, and to persevere in justice; "+ But tlie marvels of this sacrament are not yet ex hausted. "Tlie Sacrament of Penance remits not only the guilt of all sins, but remits also tlie eternal punishment 'due to tliatguilt." Still tlie aa-ondeq rises. . " The Sacrament of: .Penance reA-ives in the soul all the merit of the good Works which were performed iu a state of grace before the sinner fell into a state of sin." Pen ance -'comprises :. a- :Variety of ingredients or elements,' besides fasting, alms, abstinence and tlie , like, whicli, are :the- general conditions: of 2>enance. ' -There : are others of a more' particular, kind, such as rejieating a certain numb'er.of Ave Marias, Paternosters, and Creeds,, making pil grimages, wearing a hair shirt, liiul giving one's self a certain number of stripes. In Italy and Spain, Avliere Popory appears in all its ancient glory, -it is usual to see such 2>ersons almost snaked; loaded with chains, and lashingUiem'- solvos at every stei> ! It is assumed and- insisted ;by Popery, ; that such penitonts may truly, satisfy : — by the afllietions they endure, under the dis- ipeusations of Providence, or by A-olimtary qienances, to; Avliioli they suhniit-lfor the temporal -.penalties,.,' of-,, sin to .which i they are subjected, ;eypn , after, their remission /frpiu etemal punishment::.' TheDouay Catechism, the highest authority upon these kindred subjects, defines' pdnance to he " that sacranteut by Avhich the sins iiito which-'' men' fall after ' baptism; " are forgiven thorn." Tlio - Popish Gatcchism used in Roman schools, in Scotland, thus describes: its effects:—-. ..... ... ..ii. " Q. What are the effects of the Sacrament of Penance ?. -.. i-<; < r " A. It cleanses us faom all actual sin, and reconciles us to God.' : ' "Q. -.What docis-tlie .-reconciliation produce in 'US?;/. ///'I; j,!,.;';,' .. -/"V- "A. It- makes us the friends of Goil, who were his enemies before' ; secondly, it rostores to us our right to tlio liingdom of heaven, Avhicli we had lost l:y sm ; thirdly it giA-os us- strength ; . ' I.antgan on Penance, pp.1 10/17; / / ' .. . ' t ibia.,' p. i7. Ibifl.: pp. 11), -20; ' against temptations ; fourthly, it reviA-es tlie merit of our former good works; . , " Q. Does the Sacrament of Pcnnncc l-einit all the punishment due to our sins ? "A. No; but it changes the eternal punish ment which they deserve into a temporal one." " What says the reader to this? Was- there CA- er, in 'feAver AA-ords, a more thorough perver sion of Divine truth, and a more complete setting aside of tlie grace of God, through the atoning sacrifice of the Lord Jesus Christ? We eon- ceiA-c it AA-erc difficult for language, more thoroughly to array doctrine in ojiposition to the qirincqile of tlie economy of. grace in liumau rodenqition. (To be continued.) 