THE BANK FRAUD. ? - James Colder wan brought up, under remand from 18th instant, before his Worship the Police Magistrate (Captain EcoU), charged with having conBptred with others in defrauding the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, of the «um of £400. j Mr. W. Roberts conducted tho case for the prosecution ; 'Mr. W. H. T-b11pv inttrnr-t«l hv Mr. WUlUmsan. olnntmrni for the prisoner. Bits Worship said he had been nnablo to oonfor with the Crora Law Officer with reference to the objection raised by Mr. Dalley on Tuesday, to the effect that Salisbury was not cempetent to give evidence, inasmuch as he had already been i.ommitted ae a conspirator in the Baino offenoe. Both tho Solicitor-General and tho Attorney-General were oat of town, but he had consulted another legal gentleman, and the result was that he had decided to receive Salisbury's evidence. James Grcgf;, one of the prisoners under .committal for tic same oflence, deposed: I know Joseph Salisbury: both Salisbury and I have been committed to take our trial at the Central Criminal Court, on a charge of having defrauded tho English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank of the sum of £400 ; I was in Salisbury's {employ as a compositor up to within five or six weeks ago; I know the prisoner, James Oalder ; I have known him for ?boot six months ; I never knew him by any other name than. James Calder; I do not know any one named W. Pearce; I have heard ef - a ?' perdoa assuming that name ; I have known prisoner to assume that name; the letter prodaocd, signed ' W. Pearce,' and dated from the Glebe, and written to the Manager of the Union Bank; in reference to the opening of an account in that bank, was written by prisoner; I decline to say whether I opened an account at the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank ; prisoner knew that I had epened an account in somo bank in Sydney; I deoline to ?tate what bank it was ; 1 did not open an account at tho Union Bank ; I do not think I was ever in the Union. Bank ; ? I never assumed the name of W. Pearce in that; bank; I tbink I saw prisoner in Sydney in the imonth »f November last; I saw him at Salisbury's office) I am not aware that he had any employment in that office ; I ?aw the letter produced written by prisoner, who signed his name to ft as W. Pearcc ; it is the letter written to the manager of the Union Bank ; I do not know any .parson t named F. J. Lee ; I decline to say whether I know any one who assumed that name ; the cheque produced, for £560, end signed ' W. Fearce,' I have seen before ; I saw it before it wae produced in this Court ; it is date! from Trunkey, December let ; I do not know where Tronkey ia ; I believe there is a gold-field of that name; I never had the cheque in my possession before; I appeared in this . Court as a prisoner ; I never paid it into the branch of the Commercial Bank at Newtown ; the books will tell you whether I hidjau no count at that bank or not ; I never paid the cheque into any bank : it was not my property bo that I could never huve authorised any one to pay it into any b ink to my credit, it may have been paid in to E. J. Lee's credit ; I believe it was paid in to Lee's credit. Mr. Dalley ?bjcctedto this last statement being received as evidence. Sis Worship over-ruled the objection. 'Witness continued i I believe it was paid in ts the Newtown branch bank to V. J. liee's credit ; I was no party to its being paid in, nor do I know that I sanctioned its being paid in ; I know that the cheque was paid in to the bank through the prisoner; I was present when it wae drawn ; I knew from the prisoner (hat it haS been . jpaid in to the Newtown branch of the Commercial Bank; the cheque was drawn up in Salisbury's office; I do not recollect whether Salisbury was present or not; the whole of the writing in the cheque was written by prisoner; J do not recollect the day when it was written; I decline to eay whether any conversation took placo between \- prisoner and myself at the time the cheque was written ; ., . prisoner was net indebted to me when the cheque was ' ' ' - . written, although he might have been indebted to F. J. ; \ Leo; prisoner kept poBBeceion of the cheque; I decline to cay whether any conversation took place between prisoner and me after the cheque was written; I can't recollect whether I mentioned the name of F. J. Leo to prisoner be fore the cheque was written; I must decline to nay whether I mentioned the name to him before the cheque was written ; I do not think lhat it was a matter of pro-arrangement that we should be together at the time the cheque was written; I am not aware that Calder said what he intended to do with the cheque ; I am not aware that I told him that F. J. Lee had an Hmifflint at the Newtown Branch of the Commercial . Bank before the cheque was written ; I decline to Bay whether I wrote any Jetter forwarding the cheque to the NcKtoivn Branch Bank ; I decline to say whether the handwrittiog in the letter produced, dated December 10, 1859, is my handwritting or not ; I know the past-office at the Glebe ; I have several times called there, and posted letters there; I recollect the post- master of the Glebe appearing in this court to give evidence againBt me; I have received letters from him; V never aeenmed any name ; my same is Gregg, not F. J. I Lsa ; I did not assume the name of W. Pearce at the Glebe post office; I have called therefor letters directed to'' W. \- ' Fearce,' and have received them from the postmaster; I cave those letters to the prisoner on the same day on which I received them ; I believe the letters were destroyed ; I save some slight knowledge of their being destroyed ; I could net cay who destroyed them ; the tetters I received at the post-office were directed to ?' W. Fearce, Glebe Point Bead ; ' I went to the post-offlce for the letters at the request of prisoner; I think I received wo letters at the post-office; I gave both letters to pri soner ; I gave him one, I think, in the Supreme Court, or come other Court in Kiae-eireet;.,.I saw ..the xonton** -of ~~ ' tote letters ; they were answers to the letters written to he manager of the TJaion Bank. Mr. Bailey objected to this laet statement being received as evidence, as it had not been proved that the letters had been destroyed. In answer to Mr. Dalley, witness said he believed that. Salisbury destroyed the letters in the street in presence of prisoner end himself ; he would swear they were destroyed. j ? Witness's examination by Mr. Roberta continued: I believed the letters were replies to the letters which were written to the manager of the. Union Bank ; for about six. months I and prisoner have been in communication with each other; I first became acquainted with prisoner at {Salisbury's office ; he told me he had been in the Com mercial Bank ; I do not recollect whether he said he had been in any other bank ; I have heard him speak of a man named Pearce having an account In the Commercial Bank; I do net know whether Salisbury was present during that conversation; prisoner said Fearce had an account at the Commercial Bank for £800; he did not say: who W. Fearce w&b; I think he said the account, had been there for years ; I believe we were in Salisbury's office at \- the time we had the conversation about the £800 ; he told me that he was the W. Pierce who kad that account of ' £800 at the Commercial Bank; prisoner wanted me to operate against that account ; he wrote out a cheque for, I .'think, £600, and asked me to go and get it cashed; the T cheque was subsequently destroyed by prisoner ; I .hid the cheque in my possession ; I think it was destroyed, because . ... J never, presented (he ckeque at the bank; I did not pre ? sent the cheque for payment because I did not thfnk I . . should get the money; the cheque was signed « Pearce,' tut .1 do not know the initials; I thought there : 'was something wrong about the cheque, and therefore did sot present it at the bank ; I always knew prisoner by the '- same of Calder ; he told me .the money was in the bank, and that it was all right ; but I thought it might be all -wrong; I thought he might have gone himself to the * bank, if it had been all right ; he told me he had opened the account Jb the name of W. Pearce, and that he had entered . that name in the signature book ; I never heard tho name . of W, Pearce until the cheque for £809 was drawn up ; he . ' night' have said he. would show me how easy it ? was J to work upon the banks; probably he did say so ; *om what he eaid I was led to suppose that ths \- -tieque for £800 was some trick; prisoner and myself were ...ijpon intimate terms; we placed confidence in each pther ': - ? ?when business required it ; I will sot say whether wp had confidence in each other regarding banking transactions; ' ' whether tho name of W. Fearce was used before the cheque for £660 was drawn. op I cannot flay; I think the cheque for £660 was written after the £800 cheque; I dp not re ' - oolleottke conversation we 'had when tho cheque for (£500 was drawn up; he might have said something to the effect, ' ' ' I'll ehoW' you how easy the banks can be -.practised upon, I'll show you a trick;' at the time the £800 was drawn up comething Una said about the division of the money, if tho cheque wbb. cashed; with regard to the cheque produced; for £631 10s.,' drawn on the Newtown branch of the Com mercial ?,-Bftnk, and signed F, J. Lee, I doclino to say whether I opened an account with-it at the English, Boot Heh, and Australian Chartered Bank, in the name of ' W. Oliver - ' I must decline to eay whether prisoner knew ifrom me that I had opened accounts at the Newtown branch of the Commercial Bank ox at the E. S. and A. C. Bmfc, Sydney ; I declino to say whether I did open an account at either o( those banks; I dicline to say whether prisoner advised me to open Recounts at cither of those banks ; I moBt positively decline to eay whether I signed the cheque produced, and signed J. P. Lee ; I do not recollect that prisoner assigned any reason for dating the cheque for £580 'Trunkey.' - . . John Warden deposed : I am postmaster at the Glebe ; I know tho laet witness by the name W. of Pearce : be citne several times to the post-office for letters for Mr. Peiroe ; I gave him one letter ; that was in the latter end of De cember. ' Joseph Salisbury deposed: lama printer, and until lately carried on business in Bathurst-street ; I am now a prisoner at Sarlinghuret gaol, having been oommitted in this Court on a charge of conspiring to defraud the Euilisb., Scottish, end Australian Chartered Bank; I have known prisoner for the last fivo or sis months; ho was sever in my employ ; -Gregg has been in toy employ for tho ..'??' last twelve months ; prisoner frequently visited my estab lishment in the months of November and December last ; wo were on intimate terms; I know that Gregg opened an account at the bank at Nowtown ; J decline to say -with whose money he opened the account; I declino to say whe ther the account -was opened In the sains of F. J . Lee or sot ; I did not know that Orogg opened -an account at the English, .Scottish: and Australian Chartered Bank ; I £colino to say whether I knew that Gregg cashed a cheque for £400 nt that bank ; 1 decline to say whether X bavo known Gregg to assume the names of W. Oliver, or Wateos i I know prisoner as James. Calder ; I do not saow any person named W. Fearce in New South _Wa'os; I have haii & conversation with prisoner respecting t!ie Homo of Fearcei I do not recoiled the initials oi the CbiiBtlan name.; Jhn conversation had reference to transae- i lii Be at the Commercial Bank; it was about the xirr.o that ?? : n .-..:.??? _ f ! Gregg opened the account at the Newtown bank ; I can give the conversation substantially; it took place on different days ; it related to a dormant account at toe Com mercial Bank; he eaid the money could be drawn a*Mnt at any ..time by-tany one named Pearce; he did not say who Fearce waj ; .Gregg also had some conversation witn me respecting the -same matter ; prisoner told me the dor mant account amounted to £B00 ; he did not say how long it had lain in the bank : Gregg Bail something about draw ing the money, but I advised nim not : I had a brotherin law named Walter Pearce ; he was drowned some six or seven years ago ; 1 do not know any person of that Bame now in Ihe colony ; I believe I have seen the cheqie for £560, dated Trunkey, December 1, and elgned 'W. FearO,' before I was brought before this Court as a prisoner ; prisoner Calder wrote it ; prisoner handed ft to Gregg in my presence ; I decline to say what Ca\dcr or Gregg said at the time the cheque was handed over ; I have seen a cheque for £800, drawn on the Commer cial Bank ; prisoner had it in his possession ; I advised Gregg to have nothing to do with it, and Calder put it into his pocket again; Calder did not a*k me to cash it; I Cot a Commercial Bank cheque book from Calder; the letter produced, signed W. Fearce, and written to the manager of the Union Bank, was written by prisoner Calder ; it was written at Kelly's, Emu Inn, at the corner of George and Bathurst streets ; prisoner, Gregg, and I were present at tho time the letter was written ; the pri soner read the letter over to me -and Gregg after it was written ; 1 decline to say why the letter was written ; 1 had heard from Caider that he had opened an aa account at the Union Bank, by the payment of £1 by letter ; he did not tell me why he opened it by letter ; I do not know what became of the letter that was written at the Emu Inn; I do not know whether prisoner posted it; after coming out of the Emu Inn, I went home, and left prisoner and Gregg in the street; the letter was written entirely by prisoner, without any dictation from me; I decline to say whether any conversation took place between us at the Emu Ion with reference to Gregg's opening an account at the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank; I know Mrs. Whitford, of Bedfern; the parcel produced in the Court the other day by detective Elliott, I never saw before ; I decline to say whether the notes and gold it contained belonged to me or not ; I decline to say whether I received the notes from Gregg; I decline to say whether I get them at' all; 1 decline to Bay whether any money that was obtained by Gregg from the E. S. and A. C. Bank was divided with me ; I decline to say whether I know that Gregg1 presented a cheque for £400 at that bank ; I did not present such a cheque myself; I deoline to eay whether I knew that Gregg cashed a cheque for £400 at the E. 6. and A. C. Bank ; I have not the slightest ill-feeling towards the de fendant ; since I was arrested, I have seen Mr. Dibbs, the manager of the Commercial Bank; something was said about a dormant account lying at the Commercial Bank. Tuesday. Mary Rogers Whitford deposed : I live at Rose Cottage, East-street, Bedfcm; on New Tear'a Eve I received a brown paper parcel at my residence; I received ft from Herbert Salisbury, the son of one of the prisoners in this case, I afterwards gave it up to detective Elliott, in the same state as it was in when I received it ; it was Monday afternoon when I gave it to Elliott. By Mr. Dalley : I do not know prisoner Calder : I have known both Mr. and Mrs. Salisbury for some time ; when Herbert Salisbury brought the parcel, he asked me to take care of it for his mamma. Edye Wiseman deposed : I am a printer, and until lately have been in the employ of Joseph Salisbury ; I knew Gregg by his having been in Salisbury's employ ; Gregg told me that he had gone by other names, and that he ones assumed the name of M'Carthy ; I got a cheque from Salisbury ; the cheque was drawn on the Newtown Branch cf the Commercial Bank ; Salisbury sent me, in company with his son, to that bank to get the cheque cashed ; Gregg was in Salisbury's employment at that time ; I got the cheque cashed, end paid the money over to Salisbury ; the cheque waB for £6 1 think. James Morris deposed : I am Joseph Salisbury's ap prentice ; - 1 have been in his employ about three years and a half ; I know prisoner Gregg, and also the prisoner now before the Court, James Calder; Calder was frequently at Salisbury's in the months of November and December ; from the day before ChriBtmas day until the Monday fol lowing New Year's Day, I was not at work ; Salisbury had no work for us during that week ; I went down every morning during that week to see if. there was noy thing to do; I often saw Salisbury and prisoner together ; occasionally Gregg was with them ; I did not hear their conversation ; 1 have seen a blank cheque-book in Salis bury'spossescion. By Mr. Dallty : I have teen cheques lying about the office, which had apparently been printed before I went into Salisbury's employ; there were as maay as three thousand ; Wiseman, an errand boy, and I were present at the time Salisbury took the bank cheque-book from his pocket ; Salisbury made some remark at the time he took the book from his pocket, but I do not know what it was he tald ; I did not see Calder at Salisbury's office later than a week before Christmas ; Calder once wrote an article for the JPolice JVetc, a paper which Salisbury printed and published; after the Police News died, which was after the prosecution of one of the writers at the Criminal Court, Salisbury started another paper, called Once a Week; a Mr. Davis, who used to eait the Sydney Times, was tie editor of the Once a Week ; Calder commenced writing a tale for the paper ; the title of the tale was 'Sunny Australia, as it was;' four or five numbers of the paper were' published ; all this occurred after the prosecution at the Criminal Court, which took place on the 16th November; a person, named Gale, also' wrote a ghost story for Vie ?Once a Wetk; Davis used to write masonic news; Davis was at the office constantly, whilst his articles were - tretag^ got Into — typo-; -QtA&n; — mm *t the office -writing on and off for about six weeks ; I think he was in and out during the whole of the tune the folice Ketcs was printed; Gregg was foreman in the office; he must have known that Calder write for the paper; Calder uecd to write some ot the papers In the office ; after Salisbury's arrest, Mr. Ireland, Salisbury's partner, tore up a lot of manuscript copy; he had heard Salisbury ask Calder to write some masonio news to fill up the paper. ' Mary Tanger deposed ; I am barmaid a ihe Emu Ion, George-street; I know the prisoner before the Court, and I also knew prisoners Salisbury and- Gregg; the three of them have several times come into the Emu Inn together; Salisbury and Gregg were the moat frequently together ; Calder would sometimes come in -whilst Gregg and Salis bury were there; the three of them were at the Emu Inn together about a week before Christmas ; 1 have supplied Gregg and Salisbury with pen, ink, and paper, when Calder was not there -, they used to eit in the long parlour; I never heard their conversations ; I never recollect giving Salisbury and Gregg any paper or ink whilst prisoner was there ; I recollect on one evening I overheard prisoner say he bad a petition before Parliament relative to the Volunteers. James A. Patterson deposed : I am an accountant in the Union Bank ; on the 22nd of November an account was opened in that bank in the name of W. Fearce; two letters were received ; the letters produced are the same; £1 was placed to Fe&rce;'s credit; I acknowledged the receipt of the first letter and the £1, by letter; I produce a pressed copy of my reply; I addressed the letter to Walter Fearce, quartz crueller, Auckland ; the manager of the Union Bank received the second letter, on the 23rd of November, from W. Fearce, dated from Glebe Point Boad ; the letter had reference to the one sent previous, and which contained the £1 and the request that an account might be opened ; I acknowledged the receipt of that letter byoost ; I directed the letter of reply to the Glebe post-effica ; ft was duly posted; I produce a pressed copy of the reply ; I know prisoner Calder ; he was formerly a clerk in the bank of Australia. ' ; GeorgaSims deposed: I sometimes visited Salisbury's house ; I saw Calder there in the latter end of December; he wae there on the last day of the old year. ' The case was then adjourned. ' 