BALL A RA TSH IRE COUNCIL. Monday, isth Judy. Present — The full council, excepting Cr Murray. \- Correspondence. — From the manager of the National Bonk, Lcarmonth, stating that order on paymaster for £2550 (first instalment of endow- ment for 1870) had been received, which amount has been placed to the credit of the council. — From the Roads and Bridges Office, adverting to this council's letter of the 9th Msrch, pointing ont the necessity for adjusting ths boundary of tbe Bnngaree Road District so that it might coin cide with that of this Bhire in the line of the main Creswick road, end inviting tbe attention of this coonril to the Government Gazette of 15lh July, i in which it will be found that in re-defining the boundary cf that road district so as to include an extension of its north-eastern boundary foe line of its west-era boundary has been corrected. — From foe Shire Council of Grenville, intimating that the lessee of foe Cattleyards tollgate had reqnested that council to release him of his con tract for the gate, or allow a redaction of Tent . for the unexpired portion of his lease, in conse quence of the law in reference to the exemption of toll having been altered since his lease was entered into, and whereby the receipts of the toll- gate in qnestioa will be materially reduced. The consideration of the letter had been postponed by tbe Grenvillesbire Council, pending foe action now being taken for an amendment of the clause referred to. The lessee had offered to retain the gate until tbe end of the year on being allowed a redaction of £84 3s 4d for foe six months from 1st Jnly to 3 1st December, and the council of Grenvilleshire had promised to allow him a pro portionate sum on each month's rent that may be paid, pending the settlement of foe question, and asked this council to assent to this arrange-, ment, and to authorise that council to further deal with tbe matter. Resolved, that this council con sent to the arrangement. — From foe Shire of Ballan, on the snbject of a proposed- amendment in foe Dog -Act, so as to provide a penalty for the infringement of sec. 10, or for sec. 12 to be so altered as to make It applicable to nil dogs, whether in a public place or not. Cr Gilchrist moved — " That the request be complied with." Cr Kopke seconded the motion. Cr M'IntosU moved — "That in the opinion of this connril,the amendment in foe act is not required." Cr Powell seconded tbe amendment. Motion carried. — From -tbe Bnngaree Road District Board, requesting that this conncil would adjust the scale of tolls iu force at tbe Turf gate, on the Ballarat to Cres wick main road, so as to assimilate with those to be collected at foe tollgate on the Dead Horse road about to he erected hy that hoard. Cr M'Intosh thought it was a strange request to ssk this council to assimilate its charges to theirs, when foey do not even send a scale of proposed charges. Or Band moved—" That foe board he informed that it is not the intention of this conn- to alter its scale of charges at present," Seconded by Cr Robsrtsos, and carried. — From Thomas Axford, inspector of slaughter-yards for this shire, in compliance with a request from this council, that he should submit foe terms upon which he wonld carry on or consent to terminate his present agreement as inspector for this shire, and offering to continue to perform tbe duties of inspector at foe commission prescribed in his agreement with the council, or to accept a fixed salary of. £300 a year. If it be preferred to terminate the contract, he would consent to da so npon receiving £200 in rash. Cr Bsird thought that foe letter should not be noticed, and con sidered it a direct tasnlt to foe council. Cr Gilchrist thought that foe Government was foe properplsce to apply for compensation for the losses foe iaspector had sustained hy snch sweep ing changes being made so horridly iu the Abat toirs Statute., Cr MTntosh considered that it depended altogether on foe wording of the agree ment between Mr Axford and foe council whether be was entitled to compensation or no. . If the agreement was to foe effect that he should he paid a percentage on the cattle slaughtered within this shire, and not so much per head, he (Cr M'Intosh) contended that he had not foe ghost of a chance for compensation. Cr MTntosh moved — "That the letter he referred to a committee, consisting of the president, Cr Gilchrist, and the mover." - Seconded hy Cr Vallance, and carried. — From Timothy Ryan, requesting tbe council to take Cleaver's gate off his hands at foe end of the present montb. Referred to a committee of the whole conncil. — From Martin Fanning, lessee of the Telegraph tollgate, stating that, as foe coonril was going to have foe toll fence in connection with the gate repaired, he suggested that the fence be removed and erected in a line from the Industrial School fence to the tollhoase, and to nse three rails instead of two as at present. He was willing to pay £2 towards the cost of doing foe same. Re ferred to the president and Crs of the South Riding. — From Mr Coghill and others, calling tbe conncil's attention to a number of dangerous stomps on the road leading from Monnt Cavern past the property of Mr T. ' Garvie,, Mr F. Edwards, and the writer's. Several accidents had already occurred throngh travelling tbe road after dark. Referred to the councillors of the East Riding for their action if necessary. — From C. Proctor, lessee of Cowan's road tollgate, drawing the attention of the coonril to foe bad state of repair of foe house at that gate. Referred to foe engineer with foe view of repair. — From W. Fiannagan, lessee of the Springs toll- gate, explaining the reasons for his want of punctuality in paying his rent, and complaining of tbe dnliDess of tbe traffic. Referred to a com mittee of the whole council. — From John M'Cartby. lessee of the Burrumbeet tollgate, hoping that the affair, which was before foe conncil at foe Isst meeting, might be decided npbn at foe present. Similarly dealt with.— From I James Ferry, bringing nnder foe conncil's notice tbe unjust manner in which he had been dis charged from its employment by foe engineer, because he wrote a letter to a newspaper com plaining of the. injury done to him hy Neil : M'Nril; road contractor, making false statements to foe engineer regarding himself, he had been - discharged at« week's notice. Cr Gilchrist moved ' "That James Perry be , informed that -the; shire engineer . has fall power to employ ; and dismiss all surfacemen st all times." ' Seconded hy Cr. MTntoEh and carried. — From Thomas Henderaon , requesting the councii'e ' permission to grab and clear tbe trees on a por- ; tion of the Smythesdale and Burrumbeet road , . between allotments 5 and 4, sec. 15,; nod 4 and 6, ' sec. 19, pariah of Wtadermere. He wonld nnder- " take to fill in all -the holes caused by grubbing the same. The reqnest was complied with, subject to the supervision of the engineer. — From Alex. MlRae," applying .for permission to. cut a small pfflet drain from his fence to foe drain cat by foe! conncil on foe main Ararat road. Referred to foe engineer.— From William Casey, contractor, offering. to foe council, .at schedule price, 7 yards . of 3) inch metal, being overplus on his contract, No. 73, in foe -South -Riding. Referred to th'e: engineer. : j \- Engineer's Report.— The engineer reported as! follows :— W est Riding — 1. On theroadto theLear-. 'month 'cemetery; and on Porcell's road, arrange- mecte had been made with Mr W m. Stewart for the -gntttag. and clearing ont of drains, making op iembankment, and filling up holes and -water courses to a_ considerable extent; also to supply : and set a box culvert "soTeet long, for 'foe'sum of! £15. 2. 'The contractor making . foe' piepe( of: metalled road near the Falcon hotel and Edwards'; jiaving now pretty nearly completed foe work foat kepfhim very busy for some time back;' foe; engineer would instruct him to join foe new metal: with foe old over foe .'culvert in that locality, as , previously desired by foe councillors of the riding. ; S/On the boundary , road between foe West anfii foe.- South' Ridings, near Mr. G. FiUdlay'e, foe improvement Applied for consisted of 40 chains: of arslns iphich, ' 'not requiring -to be of Targe! Jimensipna/might bost not above £20. : -4. Near; Cavanagh's, east of foe'tYratherbbirdMlil, ahh w drain bacl been'cut -us desired by:.foe Applioant, 1 and foe old cnlvert well cleaned gnt by Mr Wm.i -Casey,— contractor, -it an expcnse'of -£S 46s. Jf ! foe 'offirt drsin'Tnside Mr Ryan's ' paddock was i now cleaned ont and deepened, the locality would - hif fairly drained. " East Riding.— 5. . Tbe -lower- : iUjgof foe hanks of the Coghill's Creek," near.Mr j GaltV,< would -entail fount fo chains -ot cutting; And metalling, costing ahout £100, so ss to rednoe . tbe -gradients efficiently; foe stuff .fromfoe cut- tii%s:4o be uaed to 'widen out foe old embank-; nlfoS. 'By :af ufther outlay. of some £25to £30 ; foe bridge. conld raised abont 2 feet; when -foe : £ra<ilentej>f foe road would fbe rendered nbexcep- tjppahle'; fine weather wonld.however, be India-; rBablefo this locallty, 6. A proper crossing; -over foe Creswick Crefo, near M'Mafaon'A hpuId; onlyjtejnadetyrfoe.ranrtnirtfon of Abrfdge -of ; some's -or 4'- spans, of»> feet of opening each;) 2 large culverts, and foe'entting, embanking, and mttaUlugof »t»at 20 chains of roadway, at an approximate expenditure of not less than £500 to £600; foe work to be undertaken during fine weather. This work not being likely to be pro ceeded with immediately, the engineer fell back npoa Shoemack's bridge, and arranged with Mr Shoemack to put thiB structure into and keep it in proper repair, open to the public traffic, for the sum of £5. The engineer farther in structed A. M'Leod, a resident close by, to cat 10 chains of drains and fill in holes and very dangerous gutters ou foe ap proaches to Slioemack's Bridge for another £5 This would render the road in question passable for some time to come. Tbe memorial referring to this locality also mentioned a bad creek near Ogilvie's and Dongall's corner, which would re quire a culvert and about 2 chains of metalled road, at a cost of, say, £50. 7. Tbe locality desired to be improved by Mr Morgan and others is the swampy place on the road from Orr's and M'Kays to Cowan's rosd tollgate, extending for abont 15 or 20 chains, and conld be qnartz metalled from tbe Great Northern Junction claim at a very reasonable expense. Tbe traffic to and from foe Suburban claim makes use of this road. — 8. To meet foe requests of Messrs Graham and Leech it would necessitate the con struction of a culvert, 2 chains of metalling ever it, and tbe catting of about 6 chains of drains from the south-west corner of the Racecourse into the Mioersrest Swamp, but wonld also require the stopping up of tbe old cnlvert now crossing the road near that corner in an eaBt and west direction. The drain to be cut would, how ever, as long as there are no fences, be somewhat dangerous in foe night, and to cost .about £40. — 9\. With regard to Mr Trewin's letter, asking for a rosd from his property at Coghill's Creek on to the main Amherst road, ths engineer had seen the Government district enrveyor, who would instruct the Crown lands bailiff to report in the matter, with a view of having . foe reserve in question divided into allotments, and in doing so to provide a road for Mr Trewin's- property. —10. Alluding to foe applications ef Messrs Glssheen and Mount — tbe one for an approach from the Main road to his property and foe other for a drain opposite hie property. With regard to the former, it most be stated that it had hitherto beeD tbe uniform practice with the council not to make approaches tor the exclusive nse and benefit of private properly, nor cut drains tor snch purpose. The drain required by the latter wonld in no way benefit foe rosd, being on the lower side. Tbe report was received, nndthe works referred to in the report sanctioned hy the council. Secretary's Report. — lBt. That ths court for foe revision of foe voters' rolls was -held on the 14 th inst., when the name of Ann Collogan was added ito foe list of the south riding in lien of ThotnaB Collogan, her hnBband, deceased. 2nd. Annual election — Before next meeting of foe conncil it would be necessary to insert the nsual election notices railing for candidates for the three ridings -of the sbire, Crs B&ird;, Murray, and Kopke, retiring by rotation. The secretary therefore requested tbe council to appoint returning officers for foe respective ridings. The report wsb re ceived, and the President, Crs Powell, and Val lance appointed returning officers for their respec tive ridings. Treasurer's Financial Statement. — This docu ment showed tbe debit balance as per ledger to be £2373 Qs 4d; receipts since last meeting, £3050 10s 9d. ' Received. Report of Finance Committee -on Life Member ship to Ballarat Institutions. — This committee recommended that all Ballarat institutions towards wbich the council gave a donation he respectfully requested to nominate the president of this shire as a life member. The report was adopted; Report of Councillors of the East Ridtag re Reqnest of Mr Francis "Edwards. — Exchange of Roads — This committee beg to report relative to the . application of Mr Francis Edwards for. on exchange of road, that "in their opinion no direct benefit would accrue to th's council by the ex change in question, and cannot therefore recom mend any expenditure thereon. This committee would, however, state that if Mr Edwards will agree to pay all expenses connected with tbe ex change, they wonld not object to tbe necessary steps" bring taken to have his request carried into effect.. Received. . . Deputation. — Cr Gilcfaristintrodcced Mr Brew ster as a deputation who drew the attention of the conncil to certain repairs and improvements on foe chad between Ids property' and that of Mr Boss.— Referred to the Crs of the west riding. - Orders of tbe Day. — 1. To consider and order upon' tbe granting or otherwise of a sum of money in aid of the Ballarat Railway League. — Dis charged. 2. To consider and order npon the alien ation or otherwise of foe road applied for by Mr Monro. — The alienation of foe road in question was sanctioned. 3. That application be made to foeBo&rd-of; Land and "Works to' ascertain If, by the recommendation of this conncil, any useless roads within their- shire- can be exchanged for stone quarries.— Referred to the president, Crs Gilchist ond Kopke, for their report. 4. That the engineer be authorised to obtain 200 cubic yards of extra metal (more or less), for the main Am herst and Avoca road. Cr Gilchrist moved— That tbe 4th order of the day lie confirmed, and the expense borne as follows:— Due half by foe east ridion and foe other half by the south and west ridings. \- Finance. — -The following accounts- were passed for payment:— Surface labor, £35 6s ; Charles Salter contract No. .238, £8 2s; George Graham jnn., "contract No! 201, £43 14s 4d; extra on do, £19 13a 9d ; John Murray, contract No. 206, £7; "W. Casey, contract No. 220, £19 10s; extra on do, £5 12s; George Graham jan., contract No. 229, f£2I9; Joseph Hodgson, contract No. 241, £23 10"s"; George Buckley, contract No. 233, £-2 4s; 'Ktakead and Brerefon, contract No. 236, £100; George Graham fjun.. contract No. 201, £39; John Murray, contract No. 206, £77; Wm. Casey, contract No, 220, £8; Joseph Hodgson, £2; George Buckley, contract No. 233, £7. Total — £616 lis Id. - The council then went into committee on foe subject of the tolls; ' 