, ; f,Mr.rC!lateh-ion 'Stuart has kindly furnished %s withsome valuable information concerning theNewsa route. That gentleman received a ?' tdelHim yeBterday from the Minister for . Works, intimating that Mr. King, M.L.A., had ? ''; e,i^gge8ted Vif-iras advisable that Ur. Stuart . shoold be enfonsted with the survey of Newsa and inquiring if he could spare nndterteke the work. Mr. Stuart w ;jit^niW|^lisd in ^the affirmative, and we be-. '.ri intention to accompany the ItTinnuL 'Rriiifii fSnimmifiM n*rf. wmV It ic \- Ulpely, too, that he will survey the road from vis-' ^^M^ to ^jmpie on his- Teturn. We are glad ;v. v'to find that this much vexed question is now :,fjK»^iisar as satisfactory solution. Being firmly ' [ - - ^in favor of the endeavor to establish the new we shall always advocate tho . ' . -tnof^hness ami perseverance in connection with View is that even if the harbor ; * - ''be . lound , difficult of access — for this is the ' knotty^ part of the question— the advan ?teges in the way of opening, up the ^ : ^»untryi affording easy communication with the «ea--coast, and other obvious desiderata, will be .? 'J wdl worih the trouble the citizens of Gympie 5V ? ;? '-sax taking; There is no danger of the Govern any money; the people here . ' Oj4j[»Mqnire that the question shall have fair 'Jilij^ihd not be burked through any insinua tions. or isneasirom Maryborough or elsewhere ' rrT-they don't want any squandering of money. Blit if rthe harbor is proved to be reasonably practicable, and of value to this gold-field, we iwve a .rijght to 'ask that, the land portion of yiik jfceronte shall receive an amount of attention proppnmhMMe to that bestowed upon fancy ? ' ioads that lead to Breakfast Creek or Sandgate, or some other 'nowhere.' If we are correctly v;. 7 informed, the steamer Sir John Young, now in ? Newsa ? Harbor, will start for 'Brisbane, under . . ordinaiy circumstances, about Thursday or Fri 1 day next ; our representative most likely will be present, and will furnish a reliable account of what he . sees, which of coarse will be a much ? . t \ltnore valuable criterion than a great deal of ? rijteirhat we have been tald.—Gv moi* Times. Dobing the hearing of the case Walsh and ' Oo- v. Coulderey a,nd others, his Honor'6 atten tion was drawn by Mr. Tozer to the fact that there was a clause in the 'Local Court Rcgula ^ ? tions providing that a sleeping shareholder is not liable for any expenses of the claim in v^hich he holds a share, His Honor stated . that he was perfectly well aware of it, but the Local Cottrt had no authority to make such a r . rnlp. Thinking that the question might some dayoome before him judicially, he and others had ia long consultation, in which they arrived . : At the decision that the Local Court had not the .power under the Act to 'make such a rule, for it was altering the law of the land.— This opinion -is of great importance to the holders . of sleeping shares on this goldfield, although, \- r'7 of course, the news will not be very welcome. We should like to know where were the legal .advisers of the Executive when the latter gazetted this rule, which tends to ' alter the law of the land,'— Ibid. . Mistakkn foENTiTy. — Our readers may re jm&mber; that some two months since the body of a man was found floating in the river near the npper ferry. An inquest was held, and \- two jiersonfl identified the body as that of one^Bexander Stewart— and as Alexander ; Stewart it was buried, and nothing more was . beard of the affair until a few days back, when the Ixtatman at the npper feny was fairly frig^ened by seeing Alexander Stewart walk |n£. towards the boat for the purpose of cross ing the river. Not believing, however, in r ghosts, and immediately, comprehending there inust be a mistake with regard- to identity he . pulled Stewart across, who was not a little ! amused at the;idea of Jbis having been 'drowned and buried. Who could the poor fellow be Whb was fcnnd flo^ting? We shall have to . 'write onji^tpfebstone the same sort of melan «holyij-itaph vS that which we once saw in St. 01iveBx3jUM5h yard, ' Here lies Philip Mas eenger^ a jBtianger.' We wonder, how many , ihns perish in .the wide AuStralias, who, if not _?* \Ht&0nta -( g^ve/' and jrithout being ' un- coffioed aii^ nnknelled' are still unknown. — W m. ' ' ? 