THEATRE ROYAL. The repetition of “Hamlet” last night by the Gar rick Club for its own benefit was not very liberally patronised. Doubtles the inclement weather was one cause, and the absence this time of the usual exer- tions when the club has played before foi other people’s benefit, must be taken to account for the fact that the house was hardly a paying one. For the at tractions this time were not less than before, but greater, save only that the charm of novelty was miss ing. But if that was absent,' Mra Charles Edouin was present as Gertrude the Queen, accompanied by that really “sweet Ophelia,” Miss Kate Ryder, and that should have helped to draw a larger audience. There were some other alterations, too, in the cast, though the principal characters were taken as before. The cast was as follows:—Claudius, King of Denmark,. Mr E. J.Croker; Hamlet, Prince of Den mark, Mr G. Moore; Polonius, Lord Chamberlain, Mr J. ■ M. Bickett; Laertes, his son, Mr . IV. B. Hayes; Horatio, friend to Hamlet, Mr J. B. Pearson; Rosen crantz, Mr W. H. Jones; Guildenstem, Mr IV. F. Dixon; Osriek, Mr H. Jones; Priest, Mr Henderson; Francisco, Mr A. G. Bright; Marcellus, Mr W. F. Dixon; Bernardo, Mr J. T. Cannon; Ghost of Ham let’s father, Mr F. Everingham; First Gravedigger, Mr \V. S. Kemp; Second Gravedigger, Mr L. M. Davis; First Player, Mr D. Mudie; Second Player, Mr Williams; Gertrude, Queen of Denmark, Mrs Charles Edouin; Ophelia, daughter to Polonius, Miss Kate Ryder; Actress, Miss Elmore. Mrs Edouin was warmly greeted on her appearance, and it is hardly necessary to say she looked the queen, and played the part with intelligent interest; There was a good deal of dignity and force in the general rendering of the part, and the bouse evidently appreciated the playing although there was not the enthusiasm which a fuller house would have exhibited. Of Miss Ryder’s Ophelia we need only say it was as winning in its simple naturalness- and ease as before, and was, as before, one of the pleasantest things in the play. • Mr Moore, as Hamlet, was more elaborate in his wig and was very nearly perfect in the text. His very fair voice stands him in good stead in the character, and he'has now acquired a tolerably good share of self possession, so that he can enact the part with almost professional coolness. - •Asa rule his emphases are well put, but not always. Several times last night-we noticed failures in that respect. One occurs to us as we write. While delivering the passage where he con trasts his own want of energy, having a -real motive and cue to passion, with that of the player to whom Hecuba was nothing, Mr Moore.spoke of the players “dream otpassion, ’’.instead of -“dream, of passion.” Such, defeats- as ■these-'corrected would make •Mr Moore’s elocution in the part all that* can be expected if not desired. His very intelligent ren dering . .of the. character was well ' appreciated evidently, for it was often and heartily cheered. Some of the other players were not as much at home in either dialogue or acting as is desirable, and the ludicrous cropped out now and then, but not very offensively. The ghost was a little unsteady on his pins, but perhaps that is correct with ghosts, especially when thinking about “fretful quills” on an un pleasantly drafty stage. Mr Croker, we were glad to see, was not so warmly colored as on his last appear ance as the Bang, and we thought his elocution was somewhat better than before. Mr Hayes is-not a good Laertes, because we cannot imagine Ophelia’s brother addressing her in Irish accents. There was a want of ease and grace, too, which was not becoming. Mr 'Williams was a very good player, and the grave-digging business, in the hands of Messrs Davis and Itemp, was as funny as ever. Mr Bickett always looks a good Polonius, and though his occasional slips and general style axe not perfectly satisfactory, he manages to make the part fit in passably well with the general cast. There was all through the play a lively show of appreciation on the part of the house, and the leading characters.were honored with’calls. This evening the club will appear again, supported also by Mre Edouin and Mis3 Ryder, Mrs Coleman, Miss Broughton, and Miss Elmore. The programme to-night is more varied ft 1 ™ hvely, opening with Buckstone’s three-act comedy, -Married Life.” Mr Samuel Coddle, Mr L. M. Davis; Mr Lionel Lynx, Mr W. F. Dixon; Mr Frederick Younghusband, Mr W. H. Jones; Mr George Dismal, Mr Geo. Moore; Mr Henry Dove, Mr W. S. Kemp; Mrs Samuel Coddle, Mrs Chas. Edouin; Mrs Lionel Lynx, Miss Kate Ryder; Mrs Frederick Younghusband, Miss Laura Broughton; Mrs George Dismal, Miss Elmore; Mrs Henry Dove, Mrs Coleman. After the comedy Mr James Eddy will dance a hornpipe, and the entertainment will conclude, with the two-act farce. The Irish Attorney.” 'We should add that besides the usual orchestra, the band of the No. 3 B.V.R. assisted last night, and will repeat the favor this evening. - The bill is a merry one to-night, and we hope to see a really good house, for the club has done a good deal of good, and is now in want of funds for its own dramatic necessities. ■ The Corona Immigrants.— The most of the immi grants by the Corona allotted to Geelong were hired at good wages at the depot there yesterday, but there are still a few single females for hire. We understand, writes the Geelong Express, that some slips of girls re- fused to hire under £20 per annum, saying that they could get the same wages at home. If so, the distress that we hear of is all moonshine, and it would be better for such well-to-do persons to stop at home. • 