NEWS BY THE MAIL. (From the Home News and European Mail.') The trial of the directors of Overond, Gnrney and Company began at Guildhall on Monday, the 13th December, before Chief Justice Cuckburn It wai feared that the prosecution would fall through, on account of Dr Tliom'B unwillingness to bear the expense ol counsel, but nt thS last momonnt Dr Kenealey, Q 0, Me Macrae Moir, land Mr Dawson Yelverton, were retained. A jpferfect army of leading counsel was engaged for the deferice. Tile proceedings lasted uiitil the 22nd of December, when the Chief-Justice finished a motterly summing-up, tthrf after a quarter of an hours deliberation-, the jury returned a verdict of' Not Gtiilty. ' Almost from the commencement of thS fcase it wag evident that this would be the teJtllt. The case for the prosecution fairly broke down.^ As it was stated to the jury, it could not be maintained ; and it is ranch to be regretted that the charges against the directors were not put upon much more moderate grounds. The verdict was received with enthusiastic cheering in the court-a marked contrast to the aceno that was exhibited when-, saitie mouths ago, in the very same building, the defendants were committed for ttial amid the groans and execrationsof the crowd There has been some talk of the Government mispehdihg the Habeas Corpus Act in Ireland. The papers generally have urged the necessity bf stepii'being taken, without delay, for the purpose bf checking the disorder that exists in that unhappy fcOuhtry, and it wasthought that Government would he driven to suspend the Act. Toe Dail/ News (supposed to have succeeded to the "inspiration" the late Morning Stat possessed, in matters with which Mr Bright is concerned), 14 fully expects,*' however, tlmt Government will (Maintain " file 'supremacy of the law in Ireland, without asking Parliament lor extraordinary powers " Whether this be true or not, it is certain that excitement in Ireland was much cooled by the apprehension that Government were about to take extreme measures. The "national" journals suddenly adopted a much more moderate tone, and restrained their exube rant expressions of disloyalty. The election of Rossa was made the theme of much congratula tion by some of the Irish journals, but, upon the whole, feeling has cooled down with respect to it; and the probability of fresh elections of convict members is much less than it appeared to be some time ago, A la^e force is now collected in the island, and in consequence of secret reports of threatened insurrection which have reached the Government, flying columns have been organised by the Commander-in-Chief, BO that the ses.t of disorder may be reached with the least possible delay. The Apprentice Boys of Derry determined to meet on 18th December, to commemorate the closing of the gates against James II; and it was feared that, notwithstanding the preparations which were made to quell disturbance, a collision between the opposing factions of Protestants and Catholics would be sure to take place. Fortu nately, no disturbance occurred, owing partly to an opportune shower of rain ; but it seems a pity the Government did not put a stop to the procession altogether, A Liberal Government, especially one of which Mr Bright is a member, may natu rally be disposed to shriuk from using coercive measures towards Ireland. The situation there is fast becoming critical, however, and if the autho rities should after all find themselves left with no alternative but to fire upon the mob in order to put down red- handed disorder, probably the most peace-loving and constitutional member of the Cabinet will then regret that some special precau Sions had not been adopted. Agrarian outrages also continue. One in King's County was marked by circumstances of unusual atrocity ; an unfor tunate man, whose house was attacked, having been dragged outside his own hall door, where the savages cut of! his nose. It is satisfactory to learn that, through the courage of a neighbor, one of the murderous ruffians was made prisoner. The weekly meetings of colonists to consider 41 the colonial question " have been continued on the 8th, 15th, and 22nd of December. Not a sign is yet to be discovered of any practical good tlmt is likely to result from the proceedings: they Bmack far too much of the mere debating club The indefatigable Mr Beaumont addressed the last meeting no less than nine times- once at very great length; and we think it will soon be found that a chairman, with more firmness than Mr Youl possesses, is very much required. A deputation of colonists waited upon Ijord Granville upon the 15th December, to repudiate the idea of there being any antagonism between the present movement and the Colonial Office ; but his lordship replied very effectively, adhe ing to his former opinion as to the unpractical natuie of the present agitation, and th<; little good that is to be expected from the proposed conference. The Queen has been staying ot Windsor for some time, but went to Osborne to spend Christ inas. Her M.ij.-.?»). Ii-ad* the si me quiet and retired life she has continued to pi,H since the death of the Prince O'ln.-iort. The itnniv.rfarv of his death was commemorated as usual by a service at the Mausoleum at Frogmore; one of'the Prince's Chorales being performed on the occa sion. Prince Arthur is winning golden opinions in . C mada, where he is a general favorite. His Royal Highness is particularly fond of da-icing, and is add ing a ballroom to his residence at Montreal. Very important meetings have been held by graduates of Cambridge and Oxford, for the pnr pose of securing the abolition of all tests upon graduates and fellows, the text of the discu-sion being Sir J. D. Coleridge's Bill of last session. The Oxford meeting was attended by the Dean of Christchnrch, the Principal of Brasenose, Pro fessor Jowett, and other distinguished men. All were agreed that a permissive bill would not be satisfactory; some colleges might accept, others might not, and there would thus he n chronic agitation in. the colleges very detrimental to the well being of the University. Professor Jowett declared openly that he considered the admission of Nonconformists a matter of principle, and that, they ought not to be placed in " an alien atmo : sphere." Deputations have since waited upon Mr "Gladstone to iuducehim to promise a Government measure on the subject; but it is doubtful il there mill be time in the coming session big with the fate of the great Irish land question. One thing is evident, however, that no merely permissive bill will ever be accepted as a settlement of this question. Another contribution has been made to the literature of the Byron scandal, and we have been introduced to the veritable "child of Bin," referred to by Mrs Stowe. This was Medora Leigh, a daughter of Mrs Leigh, but rot-according to Mrs Stowe and Lad/ Byron-of Colonel Leigh. Dr Mackay has edited Medora Leigh's Autobio graphy.from papers for the authenticity of which be vouches. There seems to be no doubt that the scandal as to Medora Leigh's parentage was really known to Dr Lnsliington and many others; and that it was believed by many who were in a position to know something of the vie irilime of Lord Byron's household. Dr Mackay, however, thinks he has traced the scandal to a fictitious origin, and that in point of fact it was an inven tion. For some time past credulous people in iVales | have been deceived by the tale (if a "fasting girl," who was said to live in good health, without tasting food of any kind for months together. So much attention was drawn to the case, and what physiologists declare to be an impossibility, was bo strongly vouched for by persons of respecta bility, that at length measures were taken for testing the matter thoroughly and conclusively. Trustworthy nurses were Bent down from aLondon hospital, and the girl was watched night and day. The reoult is that the poor creature, aftor being eight days without food, as might bare been expected, became delirious nnd died-a result in the highest degree discreditable to the professional men in charge, who allowed the experiment to be carried so far. An inq11e.1t has been held, nnd a verdict of " manslaughter" w,is returned against the father, who has been committed for trial. A frightful accident occurred at the Bristol Theatre on Boxing night. The pit and gallery entrance is approached by a descent, nnd the crowd was so great that a large number (if persons were thrown down nnd trampled upon. Eighteen persons were killed. The manager very wisely opened the doors, nnd permitted the performance to proceed ; nnd by doing so, in aH probability prevented a further loss of life. It was announced in the Times that France had proposed disarmament at St Petersburg, Vienna, tlorence, Berlin, and, it is supposed, London. 'Ibis report lias since been contradicted. I he (Ecumenical Council was opened on the 8th December. Amid the ringing of the bells of all the ecclesiastical edifices in the city and salvos of artillery from the Castle of Sun Angelo and Mount Aventine, the procession formed in the Upper Atrium of the Vatican, descended the Scala Ruegia, nnd passed through the Lower Atrium into the Cathedral. Regular and secular clergy were ranged on either side, and the iro cession consisted of six Archbishop Princes', 49 Cardinals, 11 Patriarchs, 680 Archbishops and Bishops, 28 Abbot?, and 29 General* of religious orders. In all about 800 ecclesiastics precedeil the Pope, who was carried into the Cathedra! in the gestatorial chair. His Holiness first knelt some time before the Sicrament, and the assembly then took their places iu the Council hall in seven rows. After mass had been chanted by Cardinal Pairizi, the Archbishop of Iconinm pronounced the inaugural discourse. The Pop:\ who appeared to be in the enjoyment of excellent health, then gave his benediction, the cerem my being carried out in exact accordance with The State programme. 1 he tribunes of tile Council hall were occupied by the sovereigns and princes present in Home, the members of the diplomatic body, Generals Du mont and Kanzler, nnd the Roman and foreign nobility. I lie Council ball presented a most splendid and imposing appearance. After giving the benediction the Pont received the homage of the members of tho Council. The appointed prayers followed, and the Pope three times in voked the aid of the Holy Ghost for the Council, a hymn to the Holy Ghost being snug by tile choristers. Persona not members ol the assembly then quitted the hall. The Prelates approved the decree opening the Council, the " Te Deum" followed, and the ceremony terminated. Tne Empress of Austria was nresent in the gallery set apart for foreign Sovereigns. The weather was very bad. On the 9 h December the Pope read to the members assembled a short homily, in which lie said that it, had given him great pleasure to inaugurate the Council on the appointed day, and to see the Bishops assembled in greater numbers than ever. They had come to teach all men the voice of God, and to judge with the Pope under the auspices of the Holy Spirit on the errors of human science. The Church was stronger than Heaven itself; and now was the time to consider what remedies were efficacious against the present evils. The Bishops should strive with him to secure peacefulnejs in the monasteries, order in the Church, and discipline among the clergy. In conclusion, he invoked the Holy Spirit, the Virgin and the Holy Angels. The fourth sittting oAhe General Congregation was to be held on December 28. After the election of the committeo appointed to consider the questions relating to religious orders, the assembly will probably enter upon the discussion of certain proposals regarding dogmas of faitb. Duelling is amongst the subjects auuounced for discussion by the (EcumenicalCoun cil. The debate will be opened by the Bishop of Privas. Among other matters of (peculation con nected with the Roman Catholic Council it has be come a question, not merely what these reverend seigniors will say (if they are to say anything), but they will say it. Latin, of course is supposed to he the official tongue, but at a little rehearsal held the the other day they came to signal grief at once on the question of concocting the address to his Holiness in answer-more parliamenlico - to his speech from the Chair, for it was found that ail the Latin available did not Btilfice for a common conversation A few American bishops proposed to substitute French, and things went oil smoothly for a few minutes in the tongue of the Galileans, when the Bishop of Rjggio protested against the profanation. Matters of the Church could only be treated in Latin, he said, the Vulgate being written in that holy tongue, and some one even suggested Christ and the Apostles as having spoken that tongue. And so the Latin debate was resumed by the ft-w who had mastered the language to a speakable degree. The others sat in silence, but when it came to signing the address they did sign it all like men. The following are the names of those who form the committee on Anglican Orders in the Vatican Council: - Cardinals R-isarch and Ctillen, the Archbishop of Baltimore, with Dr.i Manning anil Ullathorne. Had Dr Newman been in Rome he would have been asked to act as their secretary. The miner's exodus will.soon receive a further impetus, as about thirty miners, nine smitli.i, carpenters, and masons have been engrged for the General Brazilian Gold Mining Company. A public meeting was held on December 17, in tile Borough Road Congregational Chape), in furtherance of the objects of the Working Men's Emigration Society. Sir George Grey occupied the chair, and dwelt at some length upon the destitution and pauperism now existing in the country, which was weekly increasing. The only immediate remedy he could see was the sending out the surplus labor of this country to the colo nies, where labor was in demand, and he also considered that it was the duty ol the Government to supplement the efforts of this and similar societies. The meeting was subsequently addressed by the Rev Hugh Allen, Mr E. Wilson, Mr Measor, Rev Mr Rogers, i\lr J. Guile, Mr G Potter, and others ; and resolutions ir. accordance with the object of the meeting were unanimously agreed to, the proceedings concluding with a vote of thanks to the chairman. A prospectus has been issued of a company for promoting emigration, to be called the Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation, with a nominal capital ol L250,000, in shares of Ll. By the selection of poor families of good character for settlement on lands to be obtained by grant or purchase, and taking engagements for repayment, with adequate interest, of passage money and other advances, it is hoped to make the scheme com mercially profitable, since the intervening lands between each allotment would grow into value, while at the same time the corporation would insure the life of every head of a family emi grating for the amount of the money disbursed for him. The Duke of Manchester is chairman of the board, and Captain Bedford Pim, R N, whose practical colonial experience has been very extensive, is one of its members, the managing director being MrLigar, late Surveyor-General of Victoria. > At the dinner given by the Fishmongers Com pany, on December 9, the Lord Mayor (Mr Alderman Besley), in replying to the toast of his health, assured the Prince Warden that if he saw the number of letters which he received every day, am) became aw ire of the amount of distress which they disclosed, he would hardly be able to eat his dinner. There never was a time when the poor, that was the handicraft people, were so prostrate as they are now. He never paw an emigrant ship leave the country without regret, because I10 knew that she bore with her those who ought to be the backbone of the country. But what was to be done ? The men were starving, the women were starving, and the only remedy was emigration. He had inquired into the cause of this distress, and he had come to the conclusion that it was principally to be found in he circumstance that England had censed to be the emporium for the manufactures of the world us it used to he. To meet this state of things he urged the importance of givino to the working classes a Hound technical education. "Anglo Australian," i" the European Mail writes:-n«n»n,'n v » . ~ r . - _ . . ...i ... i»i\\- jLjmufj cuft juuii ?Lnptflin Norman, late Commander of the "op Victoria, died at Rainsgate on 12, and was hnried on Decemher 17. i attended the funeral. Crptnin Piegott, Llder Hrethren of the Trinity House, P I T> r^V °"'c<lr Captain Norman ; Colonel t a? ey, K.b, late Commissioner of Public Works, victoria ; ami Colonel Smith, II., formerly Com mandant of Melbourne, would have also been present, hut were prevented by official encase ments. I cannot help thinkin-z that as his death was accelerated by nnhealty service in the Gulf i uV',!ln(arm' wllcn se,u to look nft=r Burke "nil vv ills and by other arduous duties for the Victorian Government, that it should make some provision fur his lamily. This would be bare justice. I litre is no provision. I believe, made by Normal'0'"T1 >vi(low® ol offic,;r3 lilce Captain Mr Anderson, formerly Warden of Bendico is now superintending the laying down of the street tramway between Whitechapel and Bow. IIe will, I believe, after the line is completed, have the general control of the traffic arrangemanta In respect to telegraph projects, I have obtained some information of a new company, of which the prespectus has not yet been published. It will probably make its bow to the public some time next month, and is to be called " The Anglo Australian and China Telegraph Company (bimiter) It proposes to establish a submarine telegraph between Calcutta and the Australian l -olonies Hie length of the proposed line will 41 I nautical miles, and intermediate stations wili be established at Peimng, .Malacca, Singapore. Uanka, Uatavia, and Mac.ssar; the cable termi' nrttmg at the head of the Gulf of Carpentaria, to which point the telegraphs of Australia will be 187°- Ainonast the directors are Sir William 1. Deuiaon, Mr It R. Torrens, M.P and Mr I'raijcis Gisborne. This latter gentleman is the originator of the company. He has been lor years trying to connect Australia with England by telegraph. As the company is powerfully view'sft " hl'S eVBry cbnnce of carrying out its With regard to Australian and New Zealand railway matters there has not been much stirring in IJOIIUOM at this Christmas seasoi. In reference to the Nelson, Cobden, and Westport Railway Company spoken of in my last letter, some misapprehension seems to have arisen in certain quarters m connection with it, and I hasten to modify whit was there stated on the subject, ihe real facts appear to bo these:-The agent J could not exceed the powers vested in him by" the Government of New Zealand. The gradients as proposed in the Act authorising the project are not impossible; but it is thought better if the construction of a railway he undertaken, that the promoters should be entirely unfettered in every respect, especially as regards the formation and working of the line. No official document, on the subject has been sent to the Gevernraent ot New Zealand, and only very crude and pre liminary negotiations have been opened with the agent in England. The utmost liberality on the part or the colonial authorities will be requisite to give the promoters a chance of obtaining the necessary capital. Endeavors are being made to induce the Indian Government to substitute larrah wood from Western Australia instead of iron lor railway sleepers. The trial of Trauptnanii commenced on 28th December. A correspondent describing the ' Procee('"Jg-i, says:-Toe bar have a private entrance of their own, and mustered in great force. i\o two places can be more unlike than the scene ot the proceeding and the dingy temple erected to Uiemis close by melancholy Newgate. Picture to yourself an oblong room with coloured walls and gilding on cornice and ceiling ; gilding, in fact everywhere where it could well be laid on ; an oil painting of the crucifixion over the president's choir; rows of seats at each side upholstered in red morocco ; and in front tires ofpew-like benches for chose en-aged in the business of the trials; and an open space at the rear of them for the auditory, t here is no gallery, and the light streams in from windows at one side of the court. In tha interval between the opening of the doors and the com mencement of the proceedings the scene was curious. Three females clad in mourning attracted general attention-they were the sisters of the eh er Kmck. In the middle of the room was the space reserved for the prisoner, the jury and the presiding officers of the court. Arranged on the table in view of all were tho mute witnesses against the murderer-the clothes found on bis victims even to the li'tle light blue gown worn by the baby girl Marie Hortense, and in order beside this mournful wardrobe, Wire ranged the instrument, of the crime-the shovel with which the graves were dug at P,min, the short pick with ivhich the children had most likely beeii done to death, the horn halted knife d.scovered sticking in the corpse Kmck,and thejirs containing the entrails ol his lather. A ghastly array of te9tim my this and one that seemed too much for tile morbid curiosity that had rushed to glut itself over the dctuls of one of the most shocking tragedies with which humanity has b-ien shocked in these latter times. The plan ol the field of blood at Pantin was a so exhibited, and formed not the least interesting of the grim paraphernalia of the court. There is a dead silence in the Assembly, and an eager drawing in of the breath, as the president cried, "Usher bring in the accused." By a spontaneous movement everyone rises and strains on tip toe to catch a better sight of the criminal. Lei me give you his portrait in pen and ink as best I can. He is somewhat under the middle size, meagre in form, 11 J"iyish build. There is something almost childish in his features as seen from the front, but his profile gives more telling indication as to what his character is, the amount of firmness that must underlie those frail proportions, the savage energy of his nature, and the tenacious perseverance that can have coolly planned and consecutively carried out the massacre of a family. Ilis forehead re cedes, his backbead his heavy, a villanous lower projects and gives a sinister effect to the under portion of his face. The nose is long and aquiline, and rather finely cut, his eye is firm, a light down of beard is visible on his upper lip, and fringes his cheeks, which are pale asaurely, but not remarkably BO for atich an occasion as this. An abundant crop oi brown hair ig brushed back from bis forehead, and curried behind his ejrs. The dress of the criminal is such as an ordinary work man might wear-a top coat, the worse for wear, a waistcoat of dark velvet, and trousers of brown cloth. He has a turn-down collar, which leaves bare a sinewy neck, boldly held. The prisoner did not -betray much emotion ; his air wad rather that of a man who felt his position was terrible, but had prepared himself to meet it with a certain defiance. A new excitement was given to public curiosity by the entrance of the witnesses, upwards of 80 of whom have been sum-noned. I he brave ship caulker, Iiaugnel, who had rescued J raupmann from his attempt to drown himself at Havre, and I1 errand, the gendarme, who had effe-Jtfld his arrest, came in for particular remark. I he 7roffler^ or registrar, then proceeded to read the ficte daccusation^ which seemed to produce no impression whatever on the prisoner, whose demeanor was that of thu most perfect indifference, even at those parage* which described the murders in such shocking detail, The names of the witnesses wore then called over; they were directed to withdraw to tlie room ee', apart for them. Ill is part of the business ove'i', the presi dent proceeded to interrogate the prisoner. On bio rising and leaning on the bar of tbe dock, the disproportionate siae of his bandrj and orma became nppnrcnt. Traupmann adheres m the | trial proceeds to the defence thnt Kinck senior was concerned with him in the forgery affair, nnd thnt Jean Kinck was poisoned by one of their accomplices. Twenty-four witnesses have been examined, but no evidence beyond that with which our renders nre familiar, from the published accounts connected with the case, hits been pro duced. The (iazetle des Tribunaux reports thnt Traupmnnn, when returning to his cell, was cheerful, and after his dinner seemed in excellent spirits. He went to bed nnd slept cnlinly. The New York Tribune says:-"We grieve to Any thnt nn old ntid eloquent friend of ours, who has often been particularly mentioned in these columns-the American Demosthenes, otherwise known as Mr George Francis Train-is most disrespectfully spoken of by several of the Western journals, nnd thnt he never wns pas quinaded before with such versatility of rhetoric and ingenuity of abtiBO, except, mny be, in some woman's convention. Ilo is called-1. 1 An addlapnted swindle-bag '-2. He is thus addressed: 'Good-bye, old windy, good- bye, old gnu-pipe; go homo and aonk your bend in whisky, so as to givo some strength to your apology for brains' all which, to say the least, is not complimentary to Mr Train phrenologically. We must, with nil our force, protest ngninst this light method of mentioning a man who, in our opinion, can in one hour talk more nnd say less than any other being that ever existed, or is ever likely to exist. Honor to whom honor is duo." One of the best wicket-keepers, and the most popular man in the field of modern times, died at Croydon on 22nd December, in the person of Thomas-more commonly known amongst his associates nnd admirers as " Tom "-Lockycr His career for his county was a very long one, extending as it did from 1845 to 1866, and turougliout, his geniality of disposition and good nature towards bis colleagues, coupled with bis straightforward and respectful behaviour to his superiors, made him universally liked and esteemed by all who knew him. The saint) qualities earned him the respect and good words of those whom he afterwards came into contact with in America and Australia, when in 1859 and 1864 respectively he visited those countries as one of the English represen tative cricketers. By calling lie was n bricklayer, nnd early developed n taste for the profession of which lie was afterwards no bright nn ornament, ile was born in the Old Town Croydon, in Novunher, 1828. In figure " Tom" wa by no means elegant, for the great length of his arms and hij legs, compared with the i-ize of his body, made him appear taller than he really was. Tliis formation, however, was invaluable to him when behind the wicket, as his great length nnd rench ennbled him to get to balls which shorter men would not attempt to handle. His activity was very remarkable ; he was a dead shot at the wicket, and "handled" the hall wonder fully. Poor Tom leaves a widow and three children -the eldest boy a real chip of the old block, so like is he to his lather in style and manner. Lockyer 'was, up to the time of his death, landlord of the Sheldon Arms, Wandle Itnad, Croydon. He was buried on 23rd December, at Croydon, and his wife, an industrious, worthy woman, thinks that the Australian trip first broke up his constitution -once BO robust. Thus does Time work itssileut way, and King Death " stumps out" at last the great Prince of Wicketkeepers-so boyish, simple, and honest in his heart and nature. ?? i i mi THE STBIKE AT THE WATKHWOHKB -The Kijneton Guardian reports:-'? So lar as Messrs Meagher and Co's contract is concerned the strike still continues; but yesterday Messrs Monie and Robertson conceded the demands made by the men, who are henceforth to receive 6H a day for eight hours' work. A similar concession has been made by Mr Dwyer. Meagher and Co, as we previously explained, cannot be expected yield. Their tender was based upon the belief that the working day was to be ten hours, nnd they ennnot in nil fairness be asked to give up 20 per cent of the chief item in their tender. It is admitted that the strike took plnce in consequence of the encouragement given by the Government to the Eight Hours' Movement, nnd Meagher and Co have gone to Melbourne with the hope of making some arrangement by which if they concede the eight hours' system they will not be absolute losers. It has been rumored about that the Govesnment are not unwilling to favorably entertain a proposition of this nature. It would have been better perhaps if they had refrained from interfering in any way between employers of labor and the laborers themselves; but, having given such very decided encouragement to the advocates ol the Eight Hour System, and thereby assisted to bring Messrs Meagher and Co into their present difficulty, the least they can do is to help them out of it. The strike is exercising a very marked effect upon farm laborers in the district, to whom the idea of a day's work being done in eight hours is a novelty indeed. We are informed that on Sitnrday la^t, when a lot of'laborers at a threshing machine were being paid, the spokesman of the party said that this was the last summer thty would work under present arrangements, In future a day would mean eight hours, and work for a longer period than that would be charged extra. This is rather a serious matter to the farmers. To them the eight hours' system means an increase of at leatit fifty per cent in the amount which they pay for labor." DBATR or i. WOMAN FEOM EATING HF.B OWN HAIE.-The London Times in a recent number gives the particulars of a dea l) which took plaee lately from a singular cause at Gray town-le-M;irfh. Deceased was a womm, about thirty years of ape, and as her medical attendants had been much puzzled as to the nature of her illness, they obtained permission from the relatives to make a post mortem examination. The result is thus described :-" A solid tumor, composed of human hair, resembling in appearance a black duck with a very long neck, and weighing nearly two pounds was found to occupy and nearly fill the stomach and gullet forming a tolerably accurate mould of these organs, and extending from the stomach almost into the mouth. This remarkable concre tion had caused great thickening and ulceration of the stomach, nnd was the remote cause of her death. On enquiry, a sister stated that during the last twelve years she had known the deceased to be in the habit of eating her own hair. The occurrence of a similar case to the above i« either j BO rare or BO seldom detected, that several medical i men of large experience never remember ever | having heard of one like it. MB TOWNDBND M'DBBMOTT (of Ballnrat) would seem to be intimately conversant with the internal arrangements of a contemponry (remarks the Ballarat Courier). . During the hearing of s motion for a new trial in the case of Trusswell v James, at the County Court yesterday, that " learned gentleman," after singling out a member of that journal's staff by the descriptions of "young cub" and "penny a liner," proceeded to inform the court as follows:-First, that the reporter, who had very judiciously used his pen as a lash to Mr M'DcrmoU'a back (and under which that eccentric barrister is still smarting); had done so without the sanction of the editor, j secondly, Mr M'Dermot' gratuitously intimated ! that the reporter had been reprimanded for so , doing. How far Mr M'Dermott in his character of scandalmonger adheres to the truth, we of course cannot state. Oue thing, however, is clear, "proper representations'' had been attempted. At the same time Mr M'Dermott wantonly attacked the professional reputation of Mr John Hardy, and as will be Been from our report of the case, received a short but pointed reprimand. Surely such conduct as Mr M'Dermott exhibited yesterday in indefensible. 