THE ROMAN COUNCIL. The progress of the Council does not appear to give satisfaction to 'His 'Holiness nor to the outside public. As in .the case of Pharaoh's army in the Red Sea, the chariots drive heavily, and the .difficulties of the Pope's position begin to multiply. The profanities which have been uttered by the Pope, as well as his blasphemous assumptions of divinity, are exciting attention in all quarters. Men of common sense begin to see that it is only by an act of blasphemy that the Spirit which animates the heads of the Roman Council can be attri buted to God the Holy Ghost. The Times ' asks, if the Spirit was to descend upon the whole Ecclesiastical Assembly, if a spark of divine ; light was to rest on each mitred head, how is it that so many pre cautions were taken to insure monotony of sound and compel unani mity of thought ? How is it that heaven-inspired prelates were called to order, browbeaten, and snubbed ; that they were forbidden to check, correct, or even to see, the official reports of the speeches which, they have delivered, and which, owing to the bad acoustic condition of the Council-hall, nobody has been able to hear. 'Why is it that they must allow 'the Papal scribes to garble them at their own ? pleasure, without a chance of contradiction or of reference to other testimony ? Very hard lines have those prelates traced out for them. The words they speak cease to belong to them the moment they are uttered ; the very identity of their thoughts is denied to them. Their books and pamphlets arc rigidly proscribed ; they have forfeited all right to their own actions, either public or private : they are for bidden to meet at each other's lodgings. Out of Council hours all intercourse between them is denounced as revolutionary, or, as the Pope himself describes at, 'Jacobinical.' Is it thus, we would humbly ask, that the Spirit works? Was it thus that the Twelve stifled each other's voice and stood in each other's light ? Basely as the clerical organs abuse and slander such men as Darboy and Dupan loup- Schwartzenberg, and Strossmayer, they dare not deny that they have been at all times earnest champions of the Church and the Holy See. Why is it, then, that inspiration shuns these prelates, who, from their acquirements and character, rank among the shining lights of the establishment ; and dwells, instead, among the mob of servile partisans, mere creatures of the Pope, three hundred and fifty of whom he is now keeping in Rome at a daily outlay of four thousand Roman crowns out of his own State Treasury ? The Standard correspondent has learnt the terms of the proposition before the Council in its sittings on the opening days of the year : — It is asked to affirm that man cannot by human reason attain to the knowledge of salutary truth ; that such can be reached only through revelation ; that that revelation has been confided exclusively to the Holy Roman Catholic and Apostolic Church ; and that therefore any conclusions arrived at by reason, science, historical or biblical criticism, or any other means whatever, must be false and heretical if they clash with what has been the settled teaching of that Church, and the theologians whose works she has approved. This completely tallies with our previous description of it as aimed at Rationalism, Science, and Naturalism. We must now include his torical criticism. It was against this sweeping and preposterous canon that Cardinal Rauscher argued for the space of an entire hour ; and his address made an immense impression, both by reason of its power and the lofty position of him who uttered it. A still more powerful effect, if possible, seems to have been created by Monsignor Strossmayer. A Croatian, I believe, by birth, he is Bishop of Bosnia and Servia ; and, like so many of his educated countrymen, his Latinity is pure and perfect to the pitch of raising feelings of envy in the breasts of even the most accomplished Roman prelates. He was a comparatively unknown man before the end of last week ; now he has risen to the heights of conciliar fame. He, too, spoke for an hoiir or more, and with so ' much vigour that he was at length interrupted by Cardinal Capalti, one of the Cardinal Presidents. It appears that' the Pope has been highly indignant at the liberty of opinion the bishops have presumed to exhibit, and especially at what he considers' the Legate's unpardonable want of firmness about curbing this preposterous licentiousness of tongue. He has accord ingly made Cardinal de Luca feel the effect of his Pontifical dis pleasure by reducing him to an inferior position, and nominating Cardinal de Angelis as successor to the deceased Cardinal Reisach to perform the duties of Legate-in-chief. The Pope has evi dently reckoned on the meekness and submission of his as sembled prelates to allow of his schemes being adopted, and sent forth to the world with the endorsement of conciliar unanimity. He imagines that he can not only close the doors of the debating-hall, but the mouths of the debaters, except in accordance with his own precise rules. But even in Papal Rome, amongst Romish cardinals and Romish bishops, there is a general impatience of the attempt to shroud in darkness the angry protests against the Papal infallibility which have made ' the Holy Council ' a scene of discord. The special correspondents of the news papers have been denounced as guilty of complicity with perjury, because by some means they are enabled to publish details not to be contradicted, which awaken the indignation of Jesuits and Ultra montanes. It is alleged by these special correspondents, in self defence, that the information they dispatch to London comes to them from distinguished bishops, not only of the Opposition, but Ultramon tane, party. One of these gentlemen, writing to a daily contempo rary, declares that ' nothing could be more frank than the language in which the opponents of infallibility speak of its champions and their aims. An eminent prelate said to a special correspondent the other day that the advocates of Papal infallibility ' were trying their best to destroy the Church by pitiful ambitions and arrogance wholly out of keeping -with the age.' ' But,' he added, ' they will find that we also have something to say, and are not afraid to say it. There is no fear of our blenching ; we are bound together ; we are true men, and, we hope, honest patriots as well as good Catho lics.' Such arc the sentiments expressed by the Opposition.' It appears that a petition was presented to the Council in favour of the dogma of infallibility, for which the signatures of the various prelates were eagerly and actively sought. According to the reports of the special correspondent of the Telegraph, 300 out of the 786 have refused to sign ; whilst a counter petition has obtained the signatures of 149 prelates — of whom 51 are Austrians, Hungarians, and Germans, besides 46 French Bishops, 29 Americans, and 23 Italians. There is little unanimity in this ; and infallibility declared by a majority however preponderating, and in the face of an intelligent minority, is almost a logical contradiction. In their counter petition the German bishops tell His Holiness ' We cannot pass .over in silence the fact that there are grave difficulties arising out of .the sayings and acts of the Fathers of the Church, and from genuine historical documents and the teaching of the Church itself; and unless these are entirely solved, the doctrine commended to the ,yuriBbuiu.puu|uu;j.ii tuu ciuuvu-mtiiiLiunuu \jaiibiuu, us -iuvuhibu uy uuu, cannot be proposed. But our mind recoils from discussing these matters, and we rely upon your good- will in asking that the necessity for such a discussion may not be imposed upon us. Besides, exercising our episcopal functions over some of the chief Catholic nations, we know from daily experience the state of affairs among them. We arc convinced that the definition demanded would furnish new arms to the enemies of religion for stirring up discord in the Catholic world, even among men of the greatest distinction ; and we are certain that in Europe — at least to the Governments of our nations — it would afford a cause or excuse for invading the remaining rights of the Church.' One of the principal reasons urged in support of their views by Archbishop Rauscher, and the prelates associated with him, is that the Church has to sustain a struggle just now, unknown in former times, against men who oppose religion itself as an institution baneful to human nature, so that it seems inopportune to impose upon the Catholic nations, led into temptation by so many machi nations on every side, more dogmas than the Council of Trent pro claimed! In conclusion, the address says that ' the. definition which is demanded would furnish fresh arms to the enemies of 'religion to excite against the Catholic Church' the resentment even of men avowedly the best,' and give to the European Governments ' a motive j or a pretext for encroaching upon the rights the Church still possesses. ' j Among the oppqnents of the dogma a certain Pere Gratry holds a conspicuous place, He has addressed a letter to Monsignor Deschampa lyhich has created quite a panic among the Ulfcrairiontan.es of France, who fear the reverend 'father will prove a secbnd Hyacinthe; The iiiairisubject of the letter is the Condemnation of Pope Hbndritis as heretical by the 6th Council, whose judgment was endorsed by the 7th and 8th Councils, and subsequently by Pope Leo II. ; but Father Gratry adds some curious facts. He affirms that in the older breviaries, up to the end of the 16th century, reference was made to the anathema passed on Sergius Pyrrhus and Honorius. After the 16th century the name of Honorius drops out. It has also been omitted since 1830 in the authorised histories of the early Councils. Thus, ' within the last three centuries, the breviaries first and then the histories have been systematically falsified. ' Such,' he says, ' is the lying and intolerable narrative given us of the 6th Council. Never was there perpetrated in history a more audacious piece of knavery, a more insolent suppression of most important facts. If the fathers of the present Council are to be1 called upon to vote on the question of infallibility, niany perhaps will acclaim it because their Roman Breviary, summing up a long series of frauds by a last and solemn lie, has deceived them on the facts of Pope Honorius, con demned as a heretic by the 6th Council. But will lies profit God,' the Church, the Papacy ? Neither the Papacy, nor the Church,: nor God . wish for lies. Nkiinquid indiget De%is tnendacio vestro ?' . It may be expected that for the attempt of Pio Nono to declare the dogma of infallibility the grovelling servility and superstition of individuals have paved the way. At the Canonisation of the Japanese martyrs, eight years ago, all the bishops present told the Pope — ' Thou art our teacher of sound doctrine. Thou art our centre of unity. Thou art the unfailing light prepared by the divine wisdom for the nations. Thou art the rock and the foundation of the Church itself, against! which the gates of hell shall never prevail. When thou speakest, we hear Peter ; when thou decidest, we submit to Christ.' On the 21st of September, 1862, the Archbishop, of Oregon City transmitted across America and the Atlantic the following tender bleat : — ' Walk before us, O Holy Father, like the good shepherd ; be our example, feed the sheep and the lambs. You are our teacher of sound doctrine ; you are the centre of unity ; you- are the unfailing light of the people.' In like manner we find priests in the land which has given the name to the principle of resistance to Ultramon tane pretension expressing themselves with similar abject servility. The clergy of Valence addressed to their bishop, on his departure for Eome, by the mouth of the Dean of the Chapter, an allocution, from which we extract the following passage : — ' You will soon be at the feet of the Sovereign Pontiff, the august Pius IX. Tell him that, 1 in union with our bishop, we desire all that Eome desires, we approve ? all that she approves, we condemn all that she condemns. Tell him that we are not Gallican Catholics, Liberal, French, German, or Spanish, but simply Roman Catholic Priests. We are so, to speak frankly, because the cause of the Papacy is that of the Church, it is that of society with civilisation and progress, it is that of truth and of God. Ubi Petrus Hi JUcclesia.'' It is humiliating to find that some of the ritualistic clergy have appealed to the Roman authorities asking an investigation of Anglican orders. The correspondent of the Standard asserts that ' A Doctor of Theology had been deputed by an influential body in England to lay before a committee, ap pointed for the purpose of examining the matter, the claim, of the Anglican Church to true Apostolic succession ; and that an hntima tion, if not a direct invitation, had been addressed to Mr. Shadwell and Mr. Wayne, the two Anglican clergymen at present doing duty in Eome, the purport of which is that their presence before the Papal committee avouM be gladly welcomed. They had de clined to ' mix themselves up in any way with such proceedings.' Among the minor topics of interest with which the correspondent of the Times has contrived to amuse his readers, we may notice the fol lowing : — ' Every day, at one church or another, there is a mass of some strange rite. At St. Andre's they have exhibited in succession the Armenian, Greek, Coptic, and Chaldean rites, to large congrega tions, and the curious report many differences more likely to catch Koman than English eyes. Many of them certainly look as if they had been kept up in the pure ?spirit of obstinacy and persistent dis tinction ; but, for anything I know, they may be nearly as old as Christianity. What are we to think of canopies with bells, of a series of singular evolutions performed by a priest holding a three-branch candlestick: in one hand and a two-branch candlestick in another, of a succession of appearances and disappearances to which no mcan . ing could be ascribed? To- day the service has been after the Greco Koumanian rite, and it will be followed by the Melchite, Bulgarian, Maronite, Armenian again, Syrian, and Ambrosian. Yesterday, half the Piazza di Spagna flocked to the church at the top of the 170 steps to see two African Mohammedan children baptised. The preparatory service was finished, and the two children, dressed in white, went round and round the assembled crowd expecting the chief personage, but they had to wait nearly two hours.' He also remarks — ' All that one hears in regard to the assembled prelates betrays a wonderful amount of ignorance of one another. East and west, north and south, cannot even learn one another's names and outward ways. Every night there are gatherings in this or that house, but, of course, in cliques, schools, and nations. They are all discussing what relates to themselves, ancl^he order of the day commands very little atten tion. The order of the day is nationalism, and its religious, political, and philosophical aspects. Sixteen Fathers have spoken ; some, I am assured, with a force and eloquence never known before.. Five arc waiting for their turns. More yet inscribe themselves. Thus the ball is rolling. Meanwhile the Regulars are dreading fusion and suppres ' .sion ; the Seculars see the days of discipline at hand : and the Orientals are foreseeing the disappearance ol! their quaint little rights, and dear little privileges, customs, and independencies, in the. iron uniformity of Rome.' Ritualism. — The Church Association Monthly Intelligencer inserts the following account (received from a correspondent) of the . extraordinary and awful doctrine taught by, a clergyman at Christ Ghurch, Clapham :— ' Great mistakes are made about tlitj Sacrament, Our Lord, is. really ?present, and when we eat it, we eat ottr' Lord. He E is in us then. Som'e deny this. They say it is only bread, because I it will decay.' Our. Lord is there only as long as the species remain, 1 and by the species I mean as lcmg as, there is no decay or change. If I the Sacrament is not eate*rij it will ultimately decay, the species | change, arid then our Lord departs, if \ye oat it, medical men tell its E that at the end of a quarter of an hour digestion begins. The species | thus change, and our Lord departs. I want you to be perfectly still, 8 to keep kneeling, during this quarter of: an hour after partaking, for E the Lord is in you, carrying on his sacrificial work and making inter- E cession. ' This stillness is what I mean by preparation of thanksgiving. f I should like you to keep kneeling for this quarter of an hour at the I altar stop ; but when there are many to partake, this cannot be done ; I therefore go back, and be quiet in your seats for this period.' The j following from the Daily News shows what development of doctrine we may look for amongst those who have committed themselves to what they call Catholic truth. Assuming the doctrine of an Objec tive Presence, what error of Rome docs not logically follow in its wake? ' Father O'Neill j who attracted some attention by a service at which he officiated in London a short time since, during the Twelve Days' Mission, when a large niimber of candles were solemnly blessed and afterwards carried in procession by penitents, has recently been preaching at Oxford, and on St. Stephen's Day preached a sermon in the new church of St. Barnabas, inthat city, in which he warmly advocated the Romish doctrine of the invocation and intercession of saints. After quoting and detailing several miracles worked by the body of St. Stephen about 450 A.D., he begged the congregation to pray to the saints, and they would pray to God for them, for, said the rev. father, ' the effectual, fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much,' and finally con cluded by lamenting the loss of the shrines and relics of the saints which once existed in England, but which were swept away at the Reformation. In the middle of his discourse, the preacher clasped his hands together, and,' raising his eyes to heaven, invoked St. Paul,' calling on.hini to intercede for Mm if he said anything amiss, and to give him power to express himself with readiness and fervour. St. Barnabas Church, in which the rev. gentleman officiated, was conse- ? | crated by the present Bishop of Winchester so recently as October last, and it has already far outstripped in its extreme ritualistic services the most advanced of the churches served by the High Church party in Oxford. The Twelve Days' Mission. — Mr. Colquhoun,- as President of the Church Association, addressed a letter to the .Bishops of London, Winchester, and Rochester, referring to the extravagances of the ritualistic clergy on the occasion of the mission which had received the sanction of these prelates. After enumerating the irregularities, ? including the blessing- of candles, &c;, he concludes — ' Such being the facts of the case, established on undoubted evidence, the Council of the Church Association appeal to your Lordship, convinced as they are that such imitations of Romish superstition, and teaching so opposed to the order and purity of our Church, must inflict upon her, if suffered, still more if sanctioned by her rulers, the heaviest blow. I am directed, therefore, 'by the Council to convey to yoiir Lordship their respectful entreaty that you will relieve the fears of the faithful members of our Church by informing them that the sanction which you extended to the mission was not designed to cover proceedings con trary both to our liturgy and the law of the land, and that when these practices are brought under your Lordship's notice you will feel it your duty to mark them with the expression of your strong disapproval.' It is doubtful whether Mr. Colquhoun showed much tact in the manner of putting this question. The bishops had sanctioned the mission, and in so doing had committed themselves to certain unre liable men ; but, as might be expected, they disclaimed responsibility. The Pall Mall comments severely on the evasive answers of the three. ' The Bishop of Winchester, however, far sui^passes both his colleagues as an adept in epistolary ingenuity. He gets an easy advantage over his questioner by replying to him inodo et forma. I 1 have no hesitation in saying that my answer as Bishop-Designate to the promoters of the Twelve Days' Mission was not intended to sanction proceedings contrary both to the liturgy and the law of the land, and that I strongly disapprove of such proceedings.' Nothing can be more terse. It reads like a passage in S?vtffs Polite Conver sation. He has taken the declamatory summary of his antagonist's accusation as conveying the accusation itself, and denied it accord ingly. As a piece of word-fencing, this is complete. But, then, is it word-fencing. only. A victory so obtained is very barren. It is the peculiar misfortune of some men that they are incapable of under standing when to be in earnest, or of perceiving that a ' quip,' which woxild be received in society as a clever parry of a disagreeable ques tion, is utterly ineffective when employed in a serious controversy and before a simpler audience.' Ritualistic Ideas op Christian Liberty. — Dr. Pusey and Archdeacon Denison showed a great zeal for the doctrines of our ? Church when the question of Dr. Temple's fitness for the office of a bishop was in question. It is curious to see how the Church Review, as aiij organ of the party to which these men are leaders, deciphers the subject of toleration in reference to their own deviations from law and formulary. In an article ?referring to the prosecution of Mr. Bennett, Mr.'Purchas, and Mr. M'Conochie, it winds up with the following : — ' The Catholic party have a right to hold what doctrines they believe to be admissible in the English Church ; they are not disposed to persecute Protestants who hold lower views, regarding them as doctrinally shortsighted, and therefore objects of commisera tion, and not of persecution ; but a large party made up of Protestants and Nothingarians are resolved at all costs to bind orthodox Church men hand and foot, and to say to them, 'We cannot prevent you from believing certain doctrines, but we will forbid you from showing forth to the world by your outward acts and gestures that such is your faith.' This is persecution as pitifully mean as any exercised in the Middle Ages by the Inquisition. If men have a right to believe this or that, they have also a right to express- such belief openly and freely, ,If I believe in a Real Absence, I have a right to abstain from candles ; if I believe in a Eeal Presence, I have a right to symbolise j it by light, incense, and genuflections.' . Visit op the Greek Archbishop.— The arrival in England of Archbishop Lycurgusto consecrate a new Greek Church in Liverpool was hailed by many of the ritualistic party as a precious opportunity :?????? for showing sympathy to a Church wliich is little less corrupt in doctrine or superstitious in practice than that of Eome, , but against which our own Articles (except a gentle allusion in Article XIX.) havej not protested. Broad Churchmanship had its appropriate opportunity also of giving welcome to an ecclesiastic visiting us from the land 'where burning Sappho loved and sung.' The ceremony of consecrating is thus briefly described by the Times .-— ' The : Arch bishop and his assistants, arrayed in splendidly wrought vestments, walked in procession round the exterior of the church, the Archbishop carrying a silver vessel containing relics of the martyrs of the Greek Church, and offering prayers. On again coming to the entrance, they demanded admission in the name of the Lord, and, haying been admitted, proceeded to the work of consecrating the interior. Holy ointment was poured on the relics, and they were then placed in a hole in the column of the holy table, a cement composed of gums was poured over them, and the marble slab fixed in its place. The Arch bishop then washed and cleansed the slab, and the table was draped in consecrated cloth. The linen cloths used in washing the table now became sacred, and will suffice on production to render any place fit for the service of the Church. The Archbishop next anointed parts of the building with holy ointment, and finally lit the lamp , suspended over the altar, which will be kept alight continuously as long as divine service is celebrated in the church.' Among other particulars of a miscellaneous character, we learn that the Bishop of Chester sent a letter regretting that, in consequence of domestic affliction, he was unable to be present at the consecration, and also regretting that the consecration was fixed for Sunday, as it would prevent many clergymen from being present. '???????.One critic of the; ser vice, who was evidently scandalised that English clergymen should share in its rites, remarks—' The ceremonial appears to have been most gorgeous, but was, in my judgment, full of superstition. Belies of dead saints were paraded about the church, and at length placed be neath the altar, symbolical, as it is stated, of the souls who are repre sented in Apocalyptic vision as being under the heavenly altaiy Four pieces of soap were placed on the altar-slab in the form of a cross, and were afterwards used by the Archbishop in washing the sacred shrine. And ' many such like things' were done. The Greeks have of course a perfect right to worship God as they please ; but can the Church of England, which in her 19th Article protests against the errors, not only of the Church of Kome, but also of the Churches of Jerusalem, Antioch, and Alexandria, countenance such superstitions ? And yet in a stall next the Archiepiscopal Throne sat a clergyman, said to have been deputed to represent the Primate of all England, while near to him was placed the Eev. the Principal of the Liverpool College, representing, as it is stated, the Archbishop of York' and the ; Bishop of Chester. Keally, as we read such accounts as these, it is time for us to stop and inquire whither we are drifting,' 'Various deputations consisting of members of the English Church Union waited upon the Archbishop, who expressed deep veneratiorif or the Holy Eastern Church, accompanied with a confident hope that the period : was not far distant when union would be restored between every branch of the Western Church and the Great Chiu'ch of the East, from which so much of our common Christianity is derived. The Archbishop replied in Greek to the Liverpool address in the following terms : — ' I thank you heartily for the greeting you have offered me, and, saluting you in return with 'a holy kiss,' I invoke upon you the blessing and mercy of the Lord. The Anglican Church, having now fora long time- shaken off the yoke of the Papal power— a heavy yoke, enslaving the liberty that is in Christ— but by the preservation of the hierarchical system fortifying herself against that Babe! con fusion of tongues which is introduced by unbridled individual license in the investigation of the most sacred things, could not but preserve profound reverence and sincere sympathy for that Church whose glory is to be linked iri uninterrupted succession with that ancient Church of the East in which the Gospels were preserved, in which the (Ecumenical Councils were held, in which shone forth the great fathers and doctors of the faith. Your Church, ever stretching forth the hand of love to this Church, and preserving always a fer vent desire to tread in the footsteps of the ancient Church, will doubt less contribute much by her example towards the removal of the differences which now unhappily -prevail among Christians, and to wards the speedy accomplishment of the union of the Churches for which our Church ceases not to pray night andjday.' : At the request of the deputation, the Archbishop pronounced the Benediction, the ministers present kneeling, and at the conclusion crossing themselves. These fraternisings have given great offence to the Evangelicals of Liverpool. A Presbyterian clergyman, the Bev. Verner M. White, has written a letter to a Low Church clergyman, Dr. Taylor, of St. Silas, asking him to exchange pulpits. Mr. White appears to think that the union of ' Catholics' is only to be withstood by greater union among Protestants. It was a happy circumstance for the new Bishop of Oxford, Dr. Mackarness, that Archbishop JJtjewgus was invited to ' assist' at his consecration. The approach of the Greek Hierarch, followed by his chaplains, to the seats prepared for them, as we are told, ' near the altar table,' produced a thrilling sensation amongst the spectators. His stately and stalwart figure, his gorgeous vest ments, with a lofty black head-dress, setting off the large and glitter ing cross, indicated that the Church of England as settled at the Ec formation is once more in a transition state. The Times observes that .the ''? assistance of this Greek Hierarch at this, consecration will, no doubt, be hailed in more quarters than one as a symbol of the real and substantial unity which exists between the Greek and the Angli can Churches, in spite of all our differences in doctrine and ritual.' On the occasion the simplicity of dress which our Reformers chose for the attire of our bishops and clergy was strangely eclipsed by the imposing appearance of the ' magnificent flowing robes of violet and white silk or satin, striped with gold, and adorned with bells along I the lower fringes of the Greek Hierarch. At a banquet given in the Jerusalem Chamber at Westminster, Dean Stanley rose to the level of the occasion in proposing the health of the distin guished guest. Who could fail to be classically picturesque in dealing with such a toast as the author of ' Syria and Palestine.' ' I would ask what traveller is there who does not know the nature of that rocky pyramid rising from the waves of the iEgean, the centre of modern commerce, the centre of the group of those famous islands, every one of which teems with pious recollections 1 Here lies the re gion in which the . residence of His Holiness is placed. From that rocky post — a true overseer, a true Episcopos — he overlooks Tenos, the faithful friend of Athens in old days ; and Melos — alas ! her doomed enemy ; and, most instructive and significant spot, to which no diocese in Europe can offer any parallel, he overlooks the sacred isle ofDelos, the birth-place of Apollo, the god of the Muses, the oracle of Greece, the inspirer of Grecian literature.' The sympathies of the Dean were broad enough to discard all prejudices, and gather 'under one common halo of glory all that is lovely in the worship of Apollo, or the practices of the modern Greek Church. Speaking of the quality which the Greek Church and which the English Church have in common, he added— ' They are both national Churches — both represent the genius of their country ; they can both look on each other and on other Churches without desire to convert or absorb. 'There ought to be no secret antipathies between Churches for which no reason can be given, but let every house sweep the dust from their own door.' We have our vocation, the Greeks have theirs. We have our faults, they have theirs. Let us each do the best we can, and we shall be pursuing the best, because the only practicable, course to wards the attainment of our common end. With thoughts like these, which have been suggested by the presence of our distinguished guest, and with the utmost sincerity and cordiality of f eeling, I beg now to propose the healthpf His Holiness the Archbishop of Syra and Tenos, adding a wish which I have often heard from the lips of a way farer on the hillside of his native country— 'May your years be many' (these words the Dean added in modem. Greek, to the gratification and no small surprise of the Archbishop, who was evidently unpre pared for the' familiar salutation at the close of a long speech in English); '??.;?'?, ^' ??..; :.? ?;;:O:-::v.:. ?.-.:-?... :;:::- '/?-.:..? ? Union among Evangelical; Chtjechmen.— A new effort has been made in London to unite Evangelical Churchmen, lay and cleri cal, for conference and action. ?''.??Th&promoters; of the movement stated that their object was to unite Evangelical Churchmen in some organ ised society, so that they might be ?: able to take counsel with one another, to strengthen each other's hands, and to be prepared for any emergency which might arise; In an able letter addressed by the Eev. Edward Garbett to the! Eev. G. F. S. Money, he writes— 'I cannot but think the. concurrence of so many minds in the same view to .-'be a providential intimation' of the urgency of our want of organ ised union, and that the time is ripe for its realisation. Its success will require mutual forbearance and conciliation ; but since it will call for no sacrifice iVof conscience, inasmuch as it will enter on no action in 'detailj I r cannot doubt that those who are united in the love, of ti'uth and' of our common Master will meet the call with a generosity,! and cordiality, and genial brotherly love, worthy of the occasion.' At the fh'st meeting, which was of a very earnest ?character, the one thought uppermost in all minds was, Will this tend to the glory of God, and to the maintenance and spread of those principles and truths which we value and cherish? If there should be any hesitation, any lukewarmness, now, an opportunity will be lost Which may never recur., - It must on all accounts be better to act together than to act separately, and as to any fears on account of any particular society, the cause of unity, the advantage of drawing to gether, all who can unite on the basis already indicated, is too im portant to be sacrificed to such fears. Eecent Changes in ^the -Episcopate.— Mr. Gladstone has now conferred the seventh mitre at his disposal on the Eev. James Fraser, of Ufton. Nervet, Berkshire, who is to be the new Bishop of Man chester. Hcj was at Oxford Ireland Scholar, took a first class in classics, and formerly Fellow and Tutor of Oriel. The fact that Mr. Fraser was Chaplain to. the late Bishop (Hamilton) of Salisbury sufficiently attests: the opinion entertained of his ultra- Church principles by that pious but mistaken Sacerdotalist. The Spectator admits that 'the new Bishop will certainly not strengthen the weak est side of the English Episcopate— that side of it which represents the Evangelical sentiment of the Church of England,' but attributes the appointment to the fact that Mr. Fraser has made the machinery of English education his special and professional study, and added to the- value of his knowledge by a minute study of the popular American system and its results, and has, moreover, displayed the highest energy, impartiality, and ability in his various reports.^ In the recent appointments which have followed each other with painful rapidity, the claims of the Low Church have been completely ignored. The following is a list of Mr. Gladstone's appointments :— Salisbury ? Dr. Moberly ? High. Winchester ? Dr. Wilberf orce ? „ Exeter ? Dr. Temple ? Broad. Bath and Wells ? Lord Hervey ? „ Manchester ? Eev. James Fraser ? High. Carlisle ? Dr. Goodwin ? „ Oxford....... ? ?..— Dr. Mackarness ? . ,, Not a single Low Churchman has been appointed by the Premier to any of the bishoprics which have fallen vacant. This neglect of the Evangelical party' is the more inexcusable from the fact that we have recently lost three of our representatives on the Episcopal Bench, viz., Drs. Waldegrave, Wigram, and Sumner ; and have now only three Low Church Bishops left, namely, Drs. Bickersteth, Pelham, and Barine;— a number simply ridiculous, considering the extent and influence of the Low Church party. In ten years Lord Palnierston appointed twelve Bishops ; in one year Mr. Gladstone has filled seven sees. The New Suffragan Bishop of Lincoln. — The Kev. Dr. Henry Mackenzie, who has been accepted by the Crown as Suffragan Bishop of Lincoln, with the title ol ' Bishop of Nottingham,' was to be consecrated at the parish church of St. Mary, Nottingham, on Wednesday, February 2nd. The Bishop of Lincoln would officiate under a commission from the Archbishop of Canterbury. A Times correspond ent, dating ' Westminster, January 17th,' directs attention to a paper on Suffragans, written by the late Bishop of Exeter in 1853\. He pointed out that the fact of the statute (26th- Henry VIII. cap. l'i) for the appointment of Suffragan Bishops having fallen into desuetude, tends to prove that it was ? found upon ex perience to be accompanied with evils which more than compensated ' any good to be derived from it. The Archbishop of Canterbury.— The Archbishop of Canter bury, whose progress towards recovery is., very satisfactory, left Broadstairs for Addington Park,. Croydon, accompanied by some members of his family and by the Kev. C. W. Saudford, M.A., who remains with His Grace as chaplain in residence. His Grace bore the journey extremely well. 