NOTES AND SUGGESTIONS. Universalism Without. — The reaction against religious dogma, amd the cry for unity in religion, have lately been unexpectedly rein forced by a voice from the East. Mr. Keshub Chunder Sen, ruler of the synagogue to the Brahrno-Somaj, or modern Theistic Church of India, has within the last few months visited England, and made a profound impression on the public mind by the eloquence of his discourse, and the freedom and novelty of his views. Not that his speculations contain anything; that will be reallv novel to the readers of Miss Cobbe and the writers of her school. Indeed, in the boldest flights of Mr. Sen's published lectures we are continually lighting upon thoughts and illustrations that remind us of that daring thinker who first, in our day, made Theism a religion. It is not all Indian that is from India. The voice may be the voice of the Brahmo-Somaj,. but the hands are the hands of Theodore Parker. There is the old familiar enthusiasm for the grand conception of the Christian ideal. There is the old Hero-worship for the Founder of Christianity, so infinitely less offensive than the pert patronage of M. Eenan. ' Fortunate India, not to have been overlooked by the mis sionaries ! Blessed Jesus ! Immortal Son of God.' So the Hindoo Theist eulogises our Lord and His ministers, after the very fashion in which, in the ' Discourse of Religion, ' the American Theist eulogises the Bible ! If Mr. Sen waxes a little warmer in his panegyric than Mr. Parker, it is because, being of founder's kin, he has a family interest in Christianity, which was wanting to the other. The key to much of his enthusiasm for our Lord's person and teach ing is given in his words, received at Calcutta with deafening ap plause : — 'Was not Jesus Christ an Asiatic ? Is not His religion an altogether oriental affair ?' Beyond this argument-win ad hominem on the score or consanguinity, Christianity has only its lofty morality to recommend it as a cult to the intellectual Hindoo. Its theology is not discussed, it is simply ignored. The boast of the Theistic Church is, while treating all religious systems as phases of the development of the religious idea, to be itself resting on the belief in God, virtue, and immortality, 'which underlies them all. To no creed in particular will it allow anything of divine right. Christian miracle and revela tion takes rank with the mythologies of the East and West. Even Jesus Himself, though first of the world's benefactors, is not the only 'Immortal Son of God.' The great men of every age are apostles, prophets, incarnations of Deity. Luther, Knox, Ma homet, Chaitanya,* were as truly God-men as the carpenter of Nazareth. it is a poor sectarian spirit that promotes some one particular prophet to Godhead, and so shuts up God to be the God of a clan. That is the very complaint against us Christians — that we deify our prophet at the expense of His brethren. We have forgotten, Mr. Sen tells us, with an audacity of quotation that is almost in credible, that before Christ came, ' at sundry times and in divers manners, God' had spoken ' to the fathers by the prophets' No, neither Pantheism, nor Positivism, nor Prophetism, is to be the religion of the future for India or for the world. Mind will be found not to be God ; matter will be found not to be God ; and even the Prophet, Son of God though He be, will be found not to be God, The * Chaitanya was a celebrated Bengal enthusiast who wrote and preached on Faith. greatest of all Prophets shall still say, as He always said, ' My Father is greater than I.' Faith will be known to mean the face to face vision of God. The only doctrines left will be love to God and love to man. The true gospel of the Church of the future will be uncon ditional forgiveness — the parable of the prodigal son. Every race and nation shall ground upon this truth a religious life for itself, and embody it in ceremony and symbol at its own pleasure. Asia shall have no need to borrow ritual or creed from Europe, Mahometanism and Hindooism — the religion of contemplation and of service — with a little leaven of Christian self-sacrifice, will suffice for the spiritual wants of India. Throughout the world all nations and communities shall embrace the Theistic worship, but retain each its own national and proper style. All kindreds and peoples shall dwell in the Father's house, but speaking their own language and wearing their own dress. There shall be many liturgies and many altars, but all conducted and built under cover of a common sanctuary, and in honour of the universal God. Such, according to the Brahmo Somaj, is the Catholic faith; but if it be, then is that other Catholic faith, which in the Athanasian Creed we are called upon to believe faithfully, only a tissue of fable. Unity Within. — Turning from this dream of an impossible Universalism, a Nirwana in which all creeds and systems shall finally be absorbed, we come upon some very practical proposals for the union of the Churches. While the Brahmo-Somaj are delighting themselves with the picture of a coming federation of faiths, based upon Theism pure and simple, Christians in many lands are asking themselves in earnest, whether the time has not come to make some general effort for the consolida tion of Christendom. Outside the pale of the gospel they can enter into no alliance, but can they not be confederate together within ? It is the vision of a heathen philosophy, that the lamb of truth and the lion of falsehood can never be made to lie down together in one fold ; but should not all at least whom the Little Child of Bethlehem is even now leading ' have love one to the other,' and be at peace ? Under the name of the Anglican and International Christian Moral Science Association, a society has been formed in England, with Dean Alford at its head, whose object is to unite the Reformed Churches into one great brotherhood, for the protection of the common faith, and for assault upon the common foe. The Churches are called upon ? to surrender nothing of their own in becoming members of a general league. They will 'all gain largely, it is hoped, by the promotion of mutual charity, counsel, and help between sections of the Christian commonwealth that now stand coldly aloof from one another. -At the same time, something different is intended from a mere demon stration of unity. The Evangelical Alliance failed because it began its work at the wrong end. It attempted to exhibit to the world a United Protestant Christendom, which unhappily did not exist. The new society proposes, by giving to the Churches some work that they can do in common, to get rid by degrees of the petty jealousies that stand in the way of brotherly agreement. A little active service in company is a wonderful cure even for national feuds. Men who have fought in the same trenches through a hard campaign may be counted upon to forget all hereditary estrangements, and to feel kindly to wards their comrades. Nor is . there any need to invent work for the occasion, while the magnum optis of Christianity — the work which our Master left to the Church — is still on hand, the evangelisation of the world, the application of Gospel principles to the amelioration of mankind. With the great problems of social life Christianity has yet to grapple in earnest. Even at this day, the moral teachers that have most influence with the public are outside all our Churches. And the reason is, that they have the : ground almost to themselves. Unchristian theories of morality we have in plenty, but a Christian system of ethics remains to be con structed. Such a science the world would not accept on the unsup ported authority of any one Church. Indeed, it may be doubted whether in their constant intentness upon little interests, and the per petual warfare of intestine controversies, sectarian intelligence and rightfeelinghave not suffered so muchloss that there is no longer any one Christian society in existence capable of dealing fairly and exhaus tively with the great subjects to which we are called. There are knotty questions too, affecting the very foundations of morals, for the solution of which we want the wisdom of the entire Church. Nor is there anything visionary in the idea of a Witangemot for reformed Christendom. To convoke an oecumenical council for the sake of registering a foregone conclusion, is indeed like conjuring up a ghost from the past — though a ghost that may yet be found difficult to lay; but to hold a congress for the discussion of scientific papers, with a view to the promotion of social reform, is to act in the very spirit of this Augustan age. Such a congress, to be composed of members of all evangelical Churches, the Christian Moral Science Association proposes to hold from year to year. A provisional council has been formed from the' seven leading Protestant Churches, among the names on which we find those of two Regius Pro fessors of Theology (one of Oxford and the other of Edinburgh) , of Arch deacon Cather, Dr. Guthrie, and Eev. R. W. Dale. Under the auspices of this council a volume of prize essays has been published, entitled, ' Science and the Gospel,' on the subjects of Church Organisation, Catholic Unity, Christian Ethics, and National Eeligion. This work, which is of rare merit and interest, is intended, we are told, to be the ' basis and symbol ' of the association. The very authorship of this work serves to illustrate the character of the movement, one essay having been written by a Church of England clergyman, another by a Presbyterian, a third by a Congregationalist, and the fourth by a Baptist minister, while the responsible editor is a Wesleyan. In these essays we find set down as a doctrinal basis for Protestant union : (1) ' Adherence to the Holy Scriptures as the inspired Word of God, and the sole rule of faith. (2) The adoption of the Nicene Creed, together with the Augustinian doctrine of free grace, and the Lutheran doctrine of justification by faith.' We have nothing but approval to give of the proposed Association Congress and Articles of Faith. The latter verify the theological adage, that 'the narrower the ground, the more it will carry,' It does not appear to be yet settled when the first congress is to be held, but we shall await its meeting with great eagerness. Once face to face with the giant evils of modern civilisation, and we have no fear but brotherly discussion will soon lead to concerted action. In contending with these such an association would be able to bring to bear all the weight and worth of the different societies of which it was composed. It would, have at its back not merely one division of the evangelical army, but the main body itself. There would be no need of beating for recruits — Christendom would be up. Why, even at this distance it is hard to sifc still when we think of the Imperial standard being in the field. We have already our Society for the Promotion of Public Morality, in which all the Protestant Churches take part. Why should not this society be at once affiliated to the Christian Moral Science Association in England? And why should not some annual convention, in imitation of the congress at home, be held here of members of the Evangelical Church in Victoria, to deliberate on social problems incidental to colonial life, and to realise in some outward organisation that unity, independent of uniformity, in which we all believe ? xuiMjawiuii, jysyvwiws. — xuxgiibeu ujj yuuL uuiuca i.ui jLtuitui vvuuian hood, that the first impression they give may be favourable. Let them be houses where a sad heart may learn to sing, or shut their doors if they are to be houses of correction. See that every such city of refuge have its port into which distressed vessels may easily put ; its branch refuge not in any reputable thoroughfare, or where town and country meet, but in the thickest reek of poverty and pollution, with it8 doors open night and day, for the wretched in some sudden gust of penitence to run into and be safe. A good impulse, which would not hold during a walk of a mile, may carry them across a street ; and, once in, love and tenderness will keep them better than bolts and bars. Shut not up a penitent on her admission with nothing to meditate on but her own bad past. That way madness lies with some — with more, sullen spite and wantonness of fancy. Prove her if you will for a season, but improve her in the doing it. Mate your novice with a virtuous companion of her solitude, as in convents she is mated with a nun. Do not leave often to their own devices those whom you are training to habits of virtue. The evil conversation of an hour may undo the good labours of a year. They are children in self-control ; treat them as children, keeping them always under the watchful eye of authority ; and as for children nurses are provided — pleasant, pitiful, and soft — to whom the children's heart go forth in affection at the first look, or touch, or tone, so for these daughters of shame and sorrow, but very children in their waywardness, choose attendants who shall be nurses, friends, sisters, anything in the world but gaolers, but refuse the hard eye that shows no signs of ever relent ing, the shrill tongue that gives promise of a scold, the mature woman who knows the world and has no faith in the reform of a sinner. Your house should be to them the interpreter's house, and piety, prudence, and charity should be their handmaids. Make them welcome and haT-r-v while thev remain, and oh. sav not when thev go, ' Return is forbidden.' Our own penitence has many lapses. Christ opens many times to let us in, so write up over your gate, ' Not till seven times, but till seventy times seven.' A 8unday-sc7wol Commission. — The importance of the work that in this colony devolves upon the Sunday-school cannot easily be over estimated. It is no less than the entire religious instruction of a large part of the youth of our Churches. The question, then, to be seriously considered is, Is our present Sunday-school system adapted to that work 1 Eather than express any opinion of our own upon this subject, we would suggest that the Bishop be asked to appoint a commission of clergymen and laymen to investigate and report upon the working of the Church of England Sunday- schools in Victoria, and, if necessary, to propose some plan for their general adoption. The To'aining of Readers. — Headers as a rule — we mean no play upon words — do not spend nearly as much time in reading as their work allows and their position requires. One reason of this may be that they have never been initiated into the mysteries of study. A twelve or even six months' course at some training institution before entering on their office would not only make them better qualified for the discharge of its duties, but better able to profit by the leisure to which, as candidates preparing for the ministry, they have a right. The greatest advantage from such an arrangement would be reaped at Moore College, where, as matters stand, the first few months of every year have now to be spent in teaching the freshman what study means. 