THE WEEK'S NEWS. THE PROROGATION.— The special circum- stances connected with the prorogation of Parliament on Wednesday provoked no special demonstration. Indeed, from the profound secrecy observed by the Govern- ment as to their intentions, anything of the kind was out of the question. The public did not turn out in force to witness the arrival of His Excellency at Parliament House, for the sufficient reason that the public had no notice that the representative of Her Majesty was to dispense with the services of his faithful Peers and Commoners with such scant ceremony. A military squad under Captain Briggs, Lieutenant Marsley, and Ensign Barnaby was the first thing to attract atten- tion, and on the strength of this indication of coming events a small multi- tude assembled upon North- terrace. Pre- cisely at a quarter past 2 o'clock the Governor drove up to the Parliament buildings, attended by Lieut.-Colonel Rocke and Mr. W. M. Morris, Aid-de-Camp. Without loss of time he was conducted into the Legislative Council Chamber, and the members of the Assembly having been summoned, the closing formalities of the second session of the fifth Parliament under the Constitution Act were discharged. The ceremony apparently created as little interest within the walls of legislation as outside. Thirteen members of the Council occupied seats in the body of the House ; thirteen members under the gallery answered to the occasional appeals in the speech to "Gentle- men of the House of Assembly." It is even doubted whether Sir G. S. Kingston had a right to be present in his robes, supported by four Ministers and eight non-officials; for the Lower House, mortified at the repeated indignities cast upon them in connection with the dissolution, had refused to meet, and the Governor's summons had to be delivered to a "no quorum." Half a minute later, and the House under its Standing Orders would have ceased to sit, and the messenger would have found no one to report his message to. But whether or no, Mr. Speaker did take upon himself to admit the messenger, to receive his summons, and to obey it in the usual manner. Even should he have acted ultra vires, there is no likelihood of upsetting the prorogation, or of invali- dating any of Wednesday's proceedings on this ground. His Excellency having read his speech politely bowed and retired. As he entered his carriage the crowd de more gave a feeble cheer, and thus ended part one of the funeral obsequies of the Assembly. When part two — the actual dissolution — is to take place is not yet definitely known. ELECTION ON DITS.— It is too early as yet to speak with certainty as to the contests which will follow upon the appeal to the country ; but report has it that the following events come within the region of probability :— Mr. R. Smith stands for Noarlunga in opposition to Mr. Colton ; Mr. Lorimer and Mr. Johnston — both local men — for Onkaparinga, Messrs. West and Conner for the South-East, Mr. Stone for Mount Barker, Mr. J. G. Daly for the Light, Mr. R. I. Stow and Mr. W. Kay for East Torrens, Mr. Strangways for West Torrens, Mr. C. Mann for Sturt, Mr. E. Ward for Gumeracha, Messrs. C. S. Hare and J. Skelton for districts not yet abso- lutely decided upon. Mr. Samuel Raphael stands for West Adelaide, and Mr. Fuller does not. Mr. J. Smith and Mr. J. Robertson offer themselves for Yatala. Mr. Stokes (of Grant and Stokes), Mr. R. A. Fiveash, and Mr. H. C. Gleeson intend to become candidates for Flin- ders. A local man is to be brought out for Encounter Bay. Mr. J. A. T. Lake purposes to stand, but the district has not been named yet. Most of the above, it will be seen, are new candidates. The Wallaroo Times mentions that the Attorney-General and the Hon. T. Reynolds are being spoken of as likely to be invited to stand for Port Adelaide, and states that it " has reason to believe that the Hon. W. Morgan, if a requisition was placed before him, would probably resign his seat in the Council and stand for the Peninsula. It is understood that Mr. Morgan, who has a large stake in the mines on the Peninsula, is fully impressed with the idea that the district has been used most scurvily by the Legislature." The same paper adds:—"We hear that neither of the two sitting members mean to again seek senatorial honours." The Wallaroo Times also mentions that "there is a probability of the Hon. H. K. Hughes (the Treasurer), contesting the district" of Port Adelaide. Messrs. Charnock (Stilling and Co.) and Sagar are also said by the same authority to "have each an agent working to try and secure their return in the Moonta District." It is stated that at least a dozen members of the present House have no intention of offering themselves for re- election. So far as this rumour affects old and tried members of the Legislature it is to be hoped that it will prove unfounded, for the present is emphatically not the time when legis- lation should be left in the hands of new men of extreme views. There is room enough for the best men in the present Assembly after finding places for some of the more eligible of the new aspirants for Parliamentary honours. Since the above was written Sir G. S. Kingston and Mr. Bright have come forward for Stanley. Mr. G. Downer, it is also stated, will stand for the Burra. Mr. Joseph Fisher has declined to come forward again for the Sturt, and Mr. John Lindsay has, in answer to a requisition, consented to stand for that district. ANNUAL LICENSING DAY.— It will be seen from our business columns that the date of the sittings of the Licensing Bench for the Adelaide District, which includes all parts of the province not already specified as belonging to the juris- diction of the Port Lincoln, Mount Gambier, and Robe Benches, has been postponed from March 14 to 29. The later day is fixed so as to allow of the required 28 days' notice being given. The advertisement gives information which will be of special interest to those interested in ob- taining or opposing the granting of licences. It may also be as well to remind present holders of and those seeking wine licences that these will now be granted by the assembled Magistrates, and that all at present authorized will need to apply afresh. The following Justices have been chosen as the Adelaide Bench, mainly from their general acquaintance with the working of the licensing system, or their knowledge of parti- cular localities:— Sir J. H. Fisher, Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., W. Duffield, J. Formby (Mayor of Port Adelaide), T. Giles, A. Hallett, J. M. Solomon (Mayor of Adelaide), S. Tomkinson, and G. D. Young. SERIOUS ACCIDENT.— On Monday, as Miss A. Attrill, of Port Elliot, was being driven in a buggy by her brother from Encounter Bay to- wards Port Victor, on nearing Newland's Bridge they met a person named Philips driving tandem, with a young horse in the lead. Attrill, for safety, pulled up to allow the other vehicle to pass. In doing so, however, Philips suddenly cracked his whip, which so startled Attrill's horse that it immediately bolted at a furious rate, and became unmanageable. The buggy eventually capsized, and the occupants thrown out upon the hard metalled road. Miss Attrill sustained severe injuries. Her face was fearfully cut by the sharp road metal, her jaw was laid bare, the flesh being literally torn off, and one of her knees was severely frac- tured, while the shock to her nervous system was very great. Dr. Motherall was instantly sent for, and is doing all that is possible under the circumstances. The brother fortunately escaped with merely a few bruises. PRISON LABOUR.— The works at Portland Breakwater are on the eve of being begun, and are to be carried on almost exclusively by prison labour. MOUNT LOFTY GOLD VENTURE.— The crushing and washing of four drayloads of stuff from the above claim has just been completed in a long- tom, and gives a yeld of 5¼ ounces from the four loads. HAY-KNIFE ACCIDENT.— A man in the employ of Mr. Butterworth, miller, White's Valley, named William Jenkin, fell from the haystack on to the knife with which he was cutting hay, breaking two of his ribs, and cutting the muscles of his arm above the wrist through to the bone. UPSET.— The other day, at Aldinga, Mr. Las- cock's cart capsized, throwing out two of his sons, breaking the collar-bone of one and the other's arm. In the latter case it was a com- pound fracture, and great difficulty was expe- rienced in reducing it ; but from late enquiries we hear matters are going on favourably under the care of Dr. Jay. SHOCKING ACCIDENT.— A young man in the employ of Mr. John Pengelly, of Clifford Farm, Aldinga, named Hugh Brady, was getting on to the thrashing machine, when his foot caught in the spokes of the flywheel and drew his leg in between the wheel and the bearing, bruising the foot and ancle, and lacerating the calf and skin in a fearful manner. Under the care of Dr. Jay, of Willunga, he is progressing, and no permanent injury to the limb is likely to result. OPENING OF ST. AUGUSTINE'S CHURCH.— The opening services of the newly-built Church of Rngland at Unley were held on Sunday, Feb- ruary 20. The need of a place of worship for the inhabitants of Unley connected with the Church of England had been felt for many years, and steps were taken for the building of this church a little more than a year back. Lady Edith Fergusson laid the foundation- stone on the 14th of August last. The design was one prepared by Mr. Thomas, and the Hon. Thomas English has superintended the carrying out of the work, which has been performed by Mr. D. Deans, the cost up to the present time being about £500. The building already erected is intended to form the nave of a large edifice, when the congregation has increased sufficiently, and circumstances will allow of its erection. The inside is as yet unfinished, the walls not being plastered, and some of the windows being only temporary. Two handsome ones, however, have been presented. The exterior presents a very pretty appearance. On Sunday last three services were held. That in the morning was conducted by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, who gave an able discourse from the words con- tained in the 17th chapter of Luke and the 20th verse:— "And when he was demanded of the Pharisees when the kingdom of God should come, He answered them, and said. The kingdom of God cometh not with obser- vation." His Lordship referred in ap- propriate terms to the opening of the church. In the afternoon the Rev. Henry Read, M.A., of Mitcham, preached from 1 Samuel, 2nd chap., v. 30, "For them that honour me I will honour ;" also referring to the event which they were celebrating. The Rev. W. H. Mudie, of Glen Osmond, officiated in the evening, taking for his text Daniel 12th chap. 3rd verse, "And they that are wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament ; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever." There were very good congregations on each occasion. It is intended that services shall be held in the morning and afternoon of each Sunday. The service in the morning will be read by a lay reader, and in the afternoon the Revs. Henry Read and W. H. Mudie will officiate alternately. The amount of the offertory was £13 17s. 9d. GLENELG CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.— The anniversary services of the above Church were continued on Tuesday, February 15, by a tea and public meeting. The attendance was not so good as on former occasions, in consequence of the excessive heat. The Rev. Charles Man- thorpe occupied the chair. Speeches were delivered by the Rev. F. W. Cox, J. L. Parsons, and A. Scales. Collections were made which, together with the proceeds of the tea, amounted to about £50. On the following Wednesday the children attending the Sunday-school in connec- tion with the above Church had their annual picnic. About 100 children, with their teachers and several parents and friends, started at 10 a.m. in vans and private vehicles en route for Oaklands, the residence of the Hon. J. Crozier. The grounds were reached at about 10.30, when the young people, after being supplied with re- freshments, scattered about the Park, and engaged in various amusements suited to their respective tastes. At 2 p.m. all assembled for dinner, when ample justice was done to the bountiful supply of good things provided. Mrs. Crozier kindly regaled them with an abundance of fruit. The day, although rather warm at intervals, was more pleasant than could have been expected after the trying heat of the previous day. A pleasant south wind, added to the refreshing shade of the magnificent gum trees, together with the lovely scenery and the groups of happy children, rendered the scene quite enjoyable. The procession started for home at 5.30 p.m., reaching the Bay about 6 p.m. The teachers and friends spared no trouble to enhance the enjoyment of the chil- dren, who showed their appreciation by giving hearty cheers for all at separating. THE REV. A. T. BOAZ.— On Saturday, Feb- ruary 19, the Rev. A. T. Boaz, who lately arrived from England as minister for the Ade- laide Hebrew Congregation, conducted morning service for the first time at the Synagogue, Rundle-street. After the usual devotional exercises, which of course were in Hebrew, he preached an able sermon in English, based mainly upon the text, "And my presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest"— Exodus xxxiii. 14. The preacher at some length spoke of the danger of trusting to the guidance of reason alone, urging that whilst those who gave themselves up to mere human speculation were sure to go astray, those who exercised faith in God's promises and obeyed his laws would be kept in paths of righteousness and peace. He then enlarged upon the proofs afforded of the special care which God has shown for his chosen people in all ages. Whilst nation after nation had risen and fallen, they remained, scattered it was true, but still distinct from all others. He expressed his own sense of thee Almighty's watch- fulness, and thankfully acknowledged providential dealings with him in bringing him to that place. Briefly he concluded by referring to the circum- stances in which they were met for the first time ; the relations existing between himself and the congregation, and his plans for carrying on the work to which he had now devoted him- self. Great satisfaction has been expressed at the wishes of many years having been realized by the arrival of one who can devote his entire time to seeking the spiritual good of the Jewish community of this city ; and there is ample room for congratulating that body. Mr. Boaz is a young man of promise. He has a clear firm voice, an impressive yet pleasing manner, and is likely to exercise a beneficial influence upon his charge. THE REV. C. W. EVAN.— News has been re- ceived by the mail that the Rev. C. W. Evan was to sail in the Dover Castle, which was to leave Gravesend on the 17th of January. The rev. gentleman's health has been considerably improved by his visit to Great Britain, and his congregation at Stow Church may expect him back early in April. He will be accompanied by the Rev. Mr. Davis as assistant. THE REV. F. W. COX.— On Wednesday even- ing it was resolved, at a meeting of the members and congregation of Hindmarsh-square Church, that a tea and public meeting should be held on next Thursday for the purpose of bidding fare- well to the Rev. F. W. Cox, who leaves by the Collingrove about the 5th of March on a visit to England. At the same time it was decided that steps should be taken for the purpose of presenting Mr. Cox with a testimonial before his departure, and a Committee of gentlemen was formed to carry out that object. Further particulars appear in our advertising columns. STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH BAZAAR.— A bazaar in aid of the Building Fund of the Stow Memorial Church was opened at White's Rooms on Thursday afternoon, February 10. The room was tastefully decorated with festoons and flowers and evergreens. The stalls, six in number, were presided over by the following ladies, assisted by a number of others :— No. 1, Mesdames Stuckey, Field, and Sabine ; 2, Mesdames D. Adamson, Jacques, and Flint ; 3, Mesdames Hill, Hay, and Kelsey ; 4, Mesdames White, Bleechmore, and Pearce ; 5, Mesdames Goode, Turner, and H. Giles ; 6, Mesdames Bickford, Reed, and Frew. The refreshment stall was under the control of Mesdames Small- wood, Osborne, and Hubble, who must be credited with a share in any success achieved. The platform was profusely decorated with evergreens, and during the day several ladies of the congregation played with great ability and brilliancy. The stalls were well loaded with a variety of useful and ornamental articles, dis- played by the fair vendors in the most attractive manner. There was a very good attendance of visitors, especially in the evening, and the stall- keepers being indefatigable in their vocation, a brisk trade was carried on considering the dulness of the times. On Friday evening the attendance at White's Rooms was consider- able, growing as the night wore on, and sales were brisk, the proceeds up to that night reaching the amount of about £220, yet leaving a good assortment of articles, from the disposal of which further revenue will be raised. Mr. Shakespeare added pleasure to the proceedings by playing with his accustomed taste and brilliancy a number of choice musical selections. CONFIRMATION AT ST. LUKE'S CHURCH, WHITMORE-SQUARE.— On Sunday morning, February 13, the Lord Bishop of Adelaide held a confirmation at the above Church, when 11 young persons, with one exception females, were presented by the Rev. James Pollitt, incumbent, and received the rite. His Lordship afterwards preached an appropriate sermon to a large and attentive congregation from 2 Timothy ii. 14, 15. GLENELG CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.— The anniversary services connected with this Church commenced on Sunday, February 13. The Rev. J. L. Parsons preached in the morning to a crowded congregation, from the 116th Psalm, 12th verse, "What shall I render unto the Lord for all his benefits towards me." In the evening the Rev. J. Jefferis preached to a large audience from Matthew, 28th and 18th, "All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth." THE WILLASTON INQUEST.— William and Bar- bara Collins, the parents of the child on whom an inquest was held a short time ago at Willas- ton, have been arrested by a warrant issued by Mr. T. O. Jones, J.P., of Gawler, on a charge that they did feloniously kill and slay one Sarah Anne Collins." They will probably be brought before the Gawler Police Court at once. OCEAN Currents.— A bottle thrown over- board from an American war vessel, and con- taining a printed slip, with the ship's name, latitude, and longitude, and the time when it was sent on its journey, was picked up on the beach opposite McGrath's Flat, Coorong, on February 15\. The correspondent who favours us with the information says that, apparently, it had only been ashore a few days, several other slips having been found along the shore, presumably cast adrift in distinct places at different dates, and these will probably be forwarded to us. The document to hand reads as follows, the figures representing the latitude and longitude being, however, unfortunately rather indistinct, and possibly incorrectly given here.— "United States Frigate Piscataqua. At Sea, lat. 41° 49' S., long. 34° 13' E. (?) Date, March 18, 1868. This bottle was thrown overboard with others for the purpose of tracing ocean currents. The finder will confer a favour by sending a copy of the enclosed to the Naval Observatory, Wash- ington, D.C., United States of North America, stating also where found as plainly as possible, the time when found, and the probable length of time it had been stranded." THE VICTORIAN LAND RUSH.— The greater part of the land worth selecting in this district has been reserved. On the Mount Gambier side of the Glenelg River there is an area of about 150,000 acres between the river and the South Australian boundary-line, extending to the north a little beyond Dartmoor. One would suppose that the main object of the new Land Act would be to draw a population to this comparative desert. But no; 30,000 acres more or less, as the lawyers say, of the best land is under the red, and of course is exempt from settlement. We can only say if all the other parts of the colony have been exempted in the same way us the Crown lands in the Portland District, the Act of 1869, so far as settlement is concerned, will hardly be worth the paper on which it is printed. — Portland Guardian. FELLMONGERY.— The Robe Town fellmongery, which is under the direction of Mr. John Hotson, is now in very efficient operation, and already gives employment to about thirty men. It is situated on the bank of one of the lakes near the township, where there is an ample and con- venient supply of water. Some 800 bales will be passed through the scouring-pans this season, and it is expected that next year this quantity will be doubled. So much encouragement and success has been experienced that it was in- tended to erect permanent buildings upon the ground, and to this end application was made to the Government to offer a small piece of land for sale having the necessary water frontage. The local District Council, however, thought fit to oppose this ap- plication, and the result is that the wool- washing and drying have to be carried on in the open air, and can consequently only be continued so long as the weather is favourable. This is an unfortunate result, as it may endanger the per- manency of the establishment, and render the men employed there liable to be frequently put upon short time. We are inclined to think that the Council would have done wisely had they not opposed the application referred to, as they would at once have thus secured a valuable addition to the rate-roll, in the shape of new fellmongery buildings, and the employés would then be much more likely to settle down as residents and ratepayers of Robe.— Mount Gambier Standard. DROWNED.— Repeatedly there have been accounts of deaths from children falling into uncovered or badly-secured tanks in the mining townships on Yorke's Peninsula ; and on Sunday there was another such occurrence at Moonta. The little thing is reported to have walked straight into the underground tank and been drowned. THE CALEDONIAN GOLD MINING COMPANY.— At the half-yearly meeting, held at Temple- Chambers on Friday, February 18, the balance- sheet and Directors' and Captain's reports were read and adopted. BLUMBERG SPECIMENS.— Several fresh speci- mens from the Blumberg Reef, showing gold in all directions, have been brought to Adelaide, and are in view at the offices of Mr. Boyle. Among these are two or three rich stones very similar in appearance to the stuff broken from the reef, in which no gold is as yet visible to the naked eye. QUEEN COPPER MINING AND SMELTING COM- PANY.— An extraordinary general meeting was held at Temple-Chambers on Monday, Feb- ruary 21 — Mr. W. Hamilton in the chair. It was decided that the Company should be volun- tarily wound up under the Companies Act, and that a meeting to confirm this resolution should be held shortly. HINDMARSH-SQUARE CONGREGATIONAL SUN- DAY-SCHOOL.— Anniversary sermons were preached on February 20 by the Rev. C. Manthorpe in the morning, from Galatians iv. 18 — "But it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thing." In the afternoon Mr. J. M. Dowie gave an interesting address to the young, founding his remarks on Matthew xviii. 8, 9. In the evening the Rev. S. T. Withington discoursed from Acts ix. 31 —"Then had the Churches rest throughout all Judea and Gallilee and Samaria, and were edified; and, walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied." GOING.— A Moonta correspondent writes to the Wallaroo Times :—"On Saturday, the 19th, three families, numbering 32 souls, left Moonta to settle in Victoria under the new land law. These persons have been farming near Strath- albyn for some years, but on account of bad crops they came to the Peninsula, to cart wood, intending to settle down on the new area down the Peninsula. After examining it they pro- nounced it no good, so took their teams and families off to Victoria." BALHANNAH MINING COMPANY.— The first half-yearly meeting was held at White's Arbi- tration Room on Tuesday, February 22, Mr. H. C. Gleeson presiding. The Directors' report, the substance of which was published in our issue of last Saturday, was read and adopted, as were the balance-sheet and Captain's report. The latter was as follows :—"Two shafts have been sunk on the property — No. 1, 26 feet and No. 2, 45 feet — a level driven 13 fathoms connecting the two shafts three fathoms from surface, and about half of the back taken away and stulls put in. Also another level driven north-west from No. 1 Shaft seven fathoms, and most of the back of that taken away. Out of these workings over 100 tons of ore of good percentage has been dressed, and about 70 tons sent away. There are yet two good stopes of ore left in these backs, which will be broken as soon as the engine-shaft is finished. A cross-cut has been driven through ground very congenial for ore a distance of seven fathoms five feet, to intersect the lode at 23 fathoms north-west of No. 1 Shaft, which it should do in about six feet more. We have thus driven the course of the lode 25 fathoms in length, proving it for that distance to average at the present depth from two to four feet in width of payable ore. mostly bismuthic copper. At the greatest depth sunk, and which had to be discontinued on account of water, the lode is seven feet wide, four feet of which is black ore. No. 1 Shaft is now being timbered up for an engine-shaft nine feet by five in the clear, and is finished within five feet of surface. Sinking will be resumed by the beginning of next week. The lode in the bottom of this shaft is five feet wide, two feet of which is good payable ore. Several specimens of gold have been got from the neighbourhood of No. 1 Shaft, nearly all of them from towards the bottom (none from near the surface), and more will doubtless be met with in sinking the engine-shaft. Owing to the soft nature of the surface soil slabbed ore floors have been made for dressing the ore, and two jigging-machines erected." Mr. Wicksteed having been reap- pointed Auditor, the meeting closed. MIGRATION.— We are told of a Northern farmer and his five sons who, on the eve of going overland with their teams to Victoria, have sold property near Tarlee to the value of £3,200. The reason given for removal after a 17 years' residence in the province is the alleged greater ease in getting large areas of land across the Border. QUEER SELECTION.— A grave person has pegged out the whole of the cemetery at Hotspur, Vic- toria. The ground had not been formally reserved, and the cultivator thought that it would supply him with a nice little site for a homestead. BIVALVES.— Fishing for oysters has been transferred almost entirely from Boston to Coffin's Bay, and the cartage to Port Lincoln has been a boon to those who are owners of horse and bullock teams. MEAT-PRESERVING.— Says the Portland Guardian :—"We find that Mr. G. G. Crouch has made considerable progress in meat-pre- serving at his establishment at Wattle Hill, and it is no cause for surprise that the business is increasing daily. With sheep selling at three- pence and fourpence a head at Ballarat, it will hardly pay our Western settlers to carry their sheep to that market." GRAPE-CRUSHING.— A Californian has in- vented a simple contrivance to separate the stems from grapes, in the same movement that it crushes the grapes without bruising the seed. It injures wine to have the stems mixed with the pulp of the grapes, especially in this climate, where the stems have four times the succulence of European stems at that period of vintage. No small part of the taste of crudeness which some palates detect is probably due to the juices of the stems, and if we keep them out of the pulp we may expect a notable improvement. The machine is a simple box, with a semicircular bottom composed of open wooden slabs. A rubber is made to sweep over this with easy movement, while it sweeps away the stems. PEDESTRIANISM.— On Saturday afternoon some interest was excited at the Port from the fact of a couple of young men there having matched themselves to walk to Adelaide and back. The competitors were S. Wills and J. Stanton, each of whom had his backers. Notwithstanding that Stanton had the appearance of being the stronger man, Wills was the favourite. Several bets were also made with regard to time. The start took place from the Port Admiral Hotel shortly after 2 o'clock, when both got away in capital style, Stanton quickly showing to the front, and at the first half-mile was 10 or 12 yards ahead. The pace, however, was not kept up, and ere he reached the Alberton toll- gate Wills overtook and before long passed him. At the end of Alberton Wills had a lead of about 50 yards, and as they passed Woodville Stanton was a minute and a half behind. Wills kept up a uniform pace, and arrived at the Newmarket Hotel just two minutes before his competitor, and completing the distance in one hour and 26 minutes. On the return Wills continued to increase his distance from his adversary through- out, and arrived at the Port at 10 minutes past 5, having completed the journey, about 15 miles, in three hours. Stanton reached the goal 7½ minutes afterwards, and both appeared pretty well knocked up, neither having trained them- selves, and the weather being very hot for so long a walk. THE WILLASTON INQUEST.— In reference to inquests, and speaking of that just held on the body of the child, Sarah Ann Collins, the Gawler Times writes :—"We never remember to have witnessed one that so sickened us as that at Willaston on Monday last. The poor little body was covered with sores and bruises from the head to the knees. The medical witness (Dr. Lewis) accounted for some of the sores by stating that they were the marks of boils which had been on the child ; and the commencement of decomposition caused them to look worse than they would otherwise have appeared. But there were bruises which could not be satisfactorily accounted for, and which looked like the result of beating or pinching. There was no direct evidence of ill- treatment such as would have caused the marks; but one of the Jury stated he had seen the child's mother dragging it violently along by its arm, and treating it in a rough and brutal manner when it could not keep pace with her in walking. The only other evidence was that of an intelligent little girl, who had seen the woman Collins take her child into the house, and then heard the child beaten and heard it cry. The mother stated she had been in the habit of leaving this poor child, two and a half years old, in a bed made in a packing-case, too deep for it to get out, and locking it up in the house while she went to Gawler. She and her husband left it thus while they went to chapel. She said the child had been ailing a little for two or three weeks, but not seriously, and when she went out on the day the child died it seemed as well as a child could be. On her return the child seemed ill, and she took it in her arms and ran across the road to a neighbour; and while giving it some water it died. It is singular that she should have preferred locking a tender infant in a house alone to consigning it to the preferred case of Mrs. O'Neil, or to accept- ing the offer of one of her children to took after it. To say the least, Mrs. Collins seems to have been a very unfeeling and neglectful mother. She accounted for some of the raw sores on the child's body by saying that its clothes stuck to them and tore the scabs off. The bruises, she said, were caused by the child constantly falling on the ground or against the legs of the table. Dr. Lewis did not consider any of the bruises sufficient to have caused the death of the child ; but thought it not unlikely that being in a weak state of health, the fact of its being locked up during such weather as that of Mon- day in a box in a small close house might have affected the brain, and been the immediate cause of death. It had evidently been badly cared for, he said. The Coroner said there was not sufficient evidence to war- rant the Jury in returning a verdict of manslaughter — otherwise, from the evident indignation felt by them, we believe that would have been their verdict. They made it as near that as they could ; and it now re- mains to be seen whether the authorities will think fit to deal further with the case. We should be sorry to make a single undeserved reflection on the conduct of parents when bereaved of a child ; but the want of apparent feeling, both on the part of father and mother, were the subject of remark at the inquest. The indignation of the people at Willaston runs so high against the woman that, not satisfied with burning her in effigy on Wednesday even- ing, they treated her and her husband on Thurs- day night to a tin-kettling. This of course is not proper, though it shows the state of public feeling on the matter. We should advise the neighbours to restrain such exhibitions of their virtuous indignation and leave Mr. and Mrs. Collins to be dealt with by the authorities." TEETOTAL MEETING.— A meeting of the Total Abstinence Alliance was held in the Exchange- room of the Town Hall on Friday evening, February 18, Mr. Carr, M.P., presiding. The Chairman gave an interesting opening address, interspersed with humorous anecdotes bearing on his experience as a total abstainer. When he came to South Australia he was informed that the wine of the colony was perfectly inno- cent — in fact, that there was no such a thing as drunkenness among those who were simply wine-drinkers. To his dismay, however, on settling in the neighbourhood of Clarendon, he found that drunkenness abounded. and that drinkers of wine displayed the same appearance on their countenance as other dabblers in strong drink. He had made up his mind to do what he could to forward the temperance cause. Believing it to be an instrument of much good he felt it to be his duty to adhere to its prin- ciples and strive to advance its interests. The Rev. Mr. Fenton delivered a stirring appeal, setting forth the multitude of evils that were always found clustering around the habitations of those who were being led astray by conforming to the drinking usages of society. Against moderate drinking he spoke emphati- cally, urging that it was a barrier to religion and a stepping- stone to darkness and misery. He was an unmistakable advocate for a Per- missive Bill, and thought if members of Parlia- ment were to put their heads together some- thing good might be concocted towards putting down the public- houses that were now so plentiful. He contended that it was a Christian's duty to abandon practices that were a stumbling-block in the way of the weak and erring. The arguments brought forward in support of drinking wines and strong drinks appeared to him founded on fallacy, and he felt quite nauseated by the reasons often cited by those who loved to speak of Timothy or the marriage feast of Cana of Galilee. He urged all present to work without flinching in the great temperance cause. The Rev. S. Knight spoke of the necessity for earnest combination — political combination — that measures might soon find their way into the Parliament of South Australia bearing on the sobriety of the people. Why should Victoria go ahead of them in this respect ? And yet there tens of thousands were combining to press their influence on the Legislature and the laws. The drinking habits and indulgences of the people were destructive of social and religious feeling. Homes and Christian Churches were invaded by this great evil, and therefore there should be an earnest banding together so as to crush it and put it down. They must return to Puritanical plainness, and then their efforts would be felt and their object gained. He urged the impor- tance of personal influence and admonition, and set forth the potency of kind words. He strongly recommended the working classes to join Building Societies and Rechabite Societies, believing that by thus investing they would get a good percentage of profit. His appeal throughout was argumentative, producing apparently a telling effect on those present, and when he resumed his seat he was greeted with a round of applause. Mr. Dowie proposed thanks to the speakers and Chairman. Seconded by Mr. Hosking and carried unanimously. WESLEYAN MAGAZINE.— The quarterly number of this denominational organ has just reached us. It opens with an interesting sketch of George Müller, the man of faith. The next paper is a cutting onslaught under the heading " Friends or Enemies." After "Reflections on the History of Christianity" several practical extract articles follow, and the remainder of the issue embraces correspondence, reports, and details of the Conference proceedings, with the President's address and his official sermon. Doubtless on account of these contents the magazine will be specially prized by the body it represents. GOLD.— Speaking of the precious metal the Gawler Times remarks :— "It is said to have been traced from the so-called Blumberg Reef through two or three of Mr. John Murray's sec- tions, and we have since heard of gold being found near Bonney's Flat. If South Australian colonists do not soon bestir themselves, they may be assured that others with more enterprise will come from Melbourne and work their reefs, and take away the gold, while they curse the apathy which has so long prevented anything like proper efforts being made to develop our goldfields. We have heard that both Victorian diggers and Vic- torian speculators are coming." ON DIT.— The Border Watch has it that a case likely to give employment to gentlemen of the long robe will shortly come on for hearing in the Adelaide Supreme Court. The litigants are Mr. J. Riddoch, and Mr. Todd, of Koonattoo. The case is one arising out of the Guichen Bay Boiling-Down and Meat-Curing Company. LANDLORD AND TENANTS.— Says the Kapunda Herald :—"It is always pleasant to hear of kindly acts of consideration between man and man, and we have just heard of a circumstance of this kind which deserves notice. Mr. S. Davenport has a number of tenants on the Light, whose crops have not been by any means heavy, as a consequence of which they requested Mr. Davenport to accept half the rent this year, and to allow the other half to stand over. He did not exactly comply with their request, but he did more ; for telling them that he knew their land did not give them a fair return, he received the half rent as payment in full." STATE OF AUBURN.— Our local correspondent writes :— "This place presents a dull appearance, little business doing, and everything depressed, assignments and insolvency being the order of the day. Some are bolting, others being sold up, and a portion of the balance meeting their creditors ; therefore farming operations are nearly at a standstill. Surely farmers will soon see the fallacy of growing wheat alone. I grew off about four acres 24 bags of barley, and have had application for the whole of it by farmers close by at a good price. Surely this is wrong, and it is to be hoped that they will soon divide their interest, and not have all their eggs in one basket." PRESENTATION TO MR. J. W. LEWIS.— At the time of the removal of Mr. J. W. Lewis, late Postmaster-General, from the public service prominent reference was made to the fact that during his long connection with the department a strong feeling of personal attachment had grown up between himself and the other officers. On Monday evening, Feb. 21, a very gratifying and substantial evidence of the fact was afforded by the presentation to Mr. Lewis of an address and testimonial. This was got up entirely without reference to the outside public, and is to be viewed solely as an expression of regard and friendship on the part of those who were brought immediately into contact with the late Postmaster-General as their official superior. The event took place in Mr. Hubble's, Criterion Hotel, where about 30 employés of the Post- Office assembled, Mr. Lewis being accompanied by Mr. A. von Treuer. Mr. H. L. Hurst was voted to the chair, and in suitable words ex- plained the nature of the proceedings. Mr. R. Blackham, Chief Clerk in the Post-Office, having briefly referred to the regret which the officials in the department felt at Mr. Lewis's leaving — to the cordial good feeling which had always prevailed between him and those under his charge — read and presented the following address, which was beautifully written upon parchment :— " Adelaide, 21st February, 1870. " To James William Lewis, Esq., J.P. " Dear Sir — We the undersigned, officers of the Post-Office Department, desire to express our regret at your retirement from the office of Postmaster- General after so long and faithful a service in this department. " Under any circumstances we could not but feel sorry to lose a superior from whom we had received so much kindness and consideration, and under whom therefore we had served with so much satisfaction, more especially when, as in the case of some of us, we had done so for such a length of time. " We therefore feel sure that you will appre- ciate this expression of extreme regard and our most cordial sympathy with yourself under the unprecedented circumstances connected with your retirement. " Wishing you every prosperity in the future, " We are, dear Sir, " Yours respectfully." [Signed by close upon 50 employés of the department.] Mr. John Coleby was next called upon by the Chairman. Having in concise but feeling lan- guage addressed Mr. Lewis, he handed to him the result of the subscription amongst the officers, consisting of a claret-jug and a purse of sove- reigns. The jug was of silver, elegantly chased and ornamented, with specimens of native animals at the base and a blackfellow at the summit. The height was fully 16 inches, and the article in all respects was creditable to Mr. Steiner's establishment, from which it was obtained. It bore the following inscription: —" Presented to James William Lewis, Esq., by the officers of the department, on his retirement from the Postmaster-Generalship of South Aus- tralia after 24 years' service in the Post-Office. Adelaide, January, 1870." Mr. Lewis, in a fitting speech, acknowledged the tokens of their esteem and regard. He reviewed shortly the circumstances of his connection with the postal department, and bore testimony to the fact that the greatest harmony and goodwill had marked his intercourse with the officers. Up till the last they had worked together with the utmost cordiality. He thanked them warmly for their address and testimonial, which he assured them should always be carefully preserved as a flattering evidence of the kindly feeling entertained towards him by those with whom he had been so long and closely associated. The reply was very warmly cheered. Mr. Gray in a few words alluded to the regret felt at the severance of Mr. Lewis's connection with the office. Subsequently the health of the guest of the evening was drunk with enthusiastic applause, followed by the health of "Mr. Treuer," which was appropriately responded to; and of "Mrs. Lewis and her daughters," acknowledged by Mr. Lewis himself. An exceedingly pleasant hour or two was spent, and at parting the best wishes were expressed for the future success in life of a gentleman who has won popularity by his ability, urbanity, and general efficiency in discharging the important duties of an office of trust and responsibility. SUDDEN DEATH OF A SHEPHERD.— A shepherd in the employment of Mr. Horn, on Maryvale Run, a man well known and much respected at Streaky Bay and its vicinity, died suddenly on Monday, January 31. The deceased, John Jamieson, who, though elderly, was strong and healthy, complained of illness caused by having caught cold by getting wet through on a rainy day shortly before, hut no serious results were apprehended. On the day mentioned a man was sent with a dray to shift deceased to another station, and found him lying on his back near the hut quite dead. Corporal Provis hastened to the spot, and the body was taken to Streaky Bay township, and buried in the cemetery on the following Wednesday morning. An inquest was not considered necessary, it ap- pearing from the report of Corporal Provis that there was no reason to suppose death had resulted from other than natural causes. WATERSPOUT AT NURIOOTPA.— The Telegraph Stationmaster at Nuriootpa reported to the head office the occurrence of a waterspout during the afternoon of February 15. His state- ment, which was posted outside of the Ex- change, is as follows :— "Weather very sultry. Thunder and hot drops of rain between half-past 1 and 2 o'clock. At 10 minutes past 2 o'clock it commenced raining, and a waterspout, which we at first took for smoke from a fire or lots of dust, became visible seemingly about a mile along the Greenock-road. It reached a great height, and looked like a pillar. It then extended at the summit like a black cloud, and then the rain came, the water falling in sheets. In less than five minutes the wind changed four times, and the place was more like a river than a street. It lasted about thirty minutes. It has done much damage, roofs and other parts of buildings having been blown away. A sheet of galvanized iron was blown off a roof, and was so firmly fixed in a piece of timber that it was difficult to loosen it. Mrs. Lehmann's house is almost destroyed. The kitchen is completely smashed, and the roof of other parts of the building carried away. There is every probability that further damage has occurred along the road, and there is an appearance of more rain." THE DANGER OP PAPER WADS.— The Rev. Mr. May, of Yackandandah, is one of those clergy- men who sees no harm in quiet sport. He is a good shot, and there is no more innocent amuse- ment — always supposing that the birds have no voice in the matter — than to have a quiet day's shooting. We intend, however (says the Ovens Spectator), to hold him up as an example. He uses paper wads. While shooting on Mr. Thomas Mitchell's station the other day, and coming home, he came on a bevy of quail, or on game of some kind, close to a calf-pen, and got a shot. In half an hour the woman living near the pen rushed up, saying it was all on fire, and if water had not been handy there is no knowing where the fire would have ended. The only safe wads in the bush are leather, wool, or felt. FAR NORTH MINING DISCOVERIES.— Some men are still employed at the mine near Mount Lyndhurst on the Umberatana Run, and the pro- perty is described to us as very promising, the quality of the ore being excellent. Another claim is undergoing a trial, at a place about 12 miles west of Angipena and 30 to 40 miles beyond Blinman, and known as the Sliding Rock Mine. The ore which has been brought to light during the short time the men have been working is said to be something like 25 per cent. but solid blocks of it are to be seen a few feet below the surface ; and, judging from present appearances, there must be a very large quantity obtainable. There is abundance of timber suitable for smelting purposes within a few hundred yards of the place, and plenty of good water is also close at hand — advantages of great importance. Men are also at work at the New Burra Burra. This mine, which caused a great sensation a few years ago, is near Mount Coffin, and about five miles to the eastward of Leigh's Creek. There are good indications on the claim, and ore has been sent away, but the men have not been at work long enough to test it properly. NORTHERN EXTENSION TRAFFIC.— The in- habitants of Chinkford have now the advantage of travelling to town by train, the Northern Extension Railway having been declared open for general traffic as far as Manoora Station. Great dissatisfaction is, however, expressed at the line not being available for the transit of wheat from Mintaro, as a large quantity has been brought there, the buyers depending on the promise of the Government to have the line opened from that station during January. As the line appears to be in good working order from Manoora to Mintaro, it is hoped some arrangement will be made to take down the wheat that is stacked outside at the latter station. THE NORTH.— The country from Canowie, as far as Yanyra, is looking splendid, but at Blin- man is very parched. Our Port Augusta cor- respondent, on February 21, reports —"The weather has been oppressive, although the pre- vailing wind has been southerly. It is thun- dery looking at times, but without rain." A letter from Wirrialpa, dated February 17, says —"The weather keeps frightfully hot and close, though a few nights lately have pro- mised rain. There has been lightning in the east and heavy clouds." From Mount Scott, near Beltana, on February 15, another commu- nication says —"We have had no rain since the 25th January, and the weather is dry and warm, with the thermometer at 111° in the shade." THE SHOW.— The amount taken at the doors during the two days of the Agricultural and Horticultural Society's Show was £361. In the prize-list, Section B, under the heading Machinery, remarks were attributed to Messrs. W. W. Gall, D. Garlick, and W. H. Selway, as Judges, which they entirely disavow. They inform us — and reference to the Secretary's papers corroborates — that they were not the Judges of the articles there noted. THE EXODUS.— A person, writing from Port- land, thus remarks on the proceedings of late residents in the Mount Gambier district, says the Watch:—"A great number of Germans and others from the Mount Gambier district are pegging out lots on the Dartmoor run, on which, I understand, there is some excellent land; and as the new road, just opened by the Shire Council, passes close to it, Portland must ere long be greatly benefited by the settlement which will take place near the Border. In our more immediate neighbourhood also a great many selections are being made, so that, alto- gether, we begin to anticipate brighter days for Portland. Mr. Griffin's district is a very large one ; it extends from the South Australian boundary to Tower Hill." ELECTION EXPENSES.— We have been fur- nished with an official statement of the actual amounts paid out of the Treasury under the head electoral charges during the last four years. This, we are informed, includes all special charges on account of elections for the Legis- lative Council and general elections for the House of Assembly occurring in the course of the years specified — 1866, £5,121 11s. 3d. ; 1867, £5,530 11s. 1d. ; 1868, £4,191 6s. 10d. ; 1869, £6,396 6s. The seemingly anomalous fact that the amount for 1868, when a general election for the Lower House took place, is less than for any of the other years is partly explained by the elections for the Upper House, which took place during the other years named. MOUNT GAMBIER HOSPITAL.— There were 33 inmates as per latest advices, and many patients cannot gain admission, there not being suffi- cient room to accommodate more. DINNER TO HIS EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR. — On Thursday evening, February 17, in com- memoration of the first anniversary of his arrival in the colony, His Excellency the Governor was entertained at dinner by the members of the Adelaide Club, who mustered very strongly on the occasion. The Hon. Sir John Morphett, President of the Legislative Council, was in the chair. ALMOST DROWNED.— Two strange instances of narrow escapes from drowning are reported by a Moonta correspondent of the Wallaroo paper:— " On Friday, February 10, a young man named Charles Bray went to bathe in the brick- makers' pughole, which had become full during the late rains. He had so sooner jumped into the water than his huge dog leaped on his back, putting him under the water. As soon as he came to the surface the dog was on him again. He was served thus several times, when Mr. R. Datson happening to be passing, saw the danger, plunged at once to his assistance and got him out very much exhausted and faint. There was ten feet of water in the hole.— The son of Mr. Mac Dermody had been bathing at the Bald Hill tanks, and whilst dressing on the edge of the tank fell in, and would have been drowned, had not a shepherd named Moore seen him fall in, and at once got him out quite exhausted. POLICE CHANGES.— In consequence of the alterations in the police force, we (Gawler Times) understand Inspector Read will be removed from Auburn, and Sergeant Woodcock is to go there to take charge of the Northern division until Inspector Roe, from Port Lincoln, can assume the charge at Auburn. During that time Ser- geant Woodcock will remain at Auburn ; trooper Thomas O'Conner meanwhile being in charge of Gawler station. Inspector Read is leaving the department in consequence of the reductions in the force. THE DAYSPRING.— The New Hebrides Mission schooner Dayspring, belonging to the Presby- terian body, is just now at Geelong. REV R. B. WEBB.— The appointment to the vacant cures of Lyndoch, Pewsey Vale, and Williamstown has been conferred upon the Rev. Mr. Webb. MR. G. T. LIGHT.— The European Mail men- tions that at a meeting of the Society of Engineers, held on December 6, Mr. George Thomas Light (Chief Draftsman in the Govern- ment Architect's Department), Adelaide, was elected a foreign member of the Society. SALE OF LANDED PROPERTY.— Mr. Edward Clement has sold by auction, by order of the Trustees in the estate of the late Henry Wasley, of Virginia, Sections Nos. 3015, 3029, and 3028, Munno Para — together 240 acres — at £5 7s. 6d. per acre. LAND SALE.— Messrs. Green & Wadham sold by auction on Friday morning, February 11, a cottage and land at Athelstone for £69; and Section 573, Port Gawler, for £1,200. KAPUNDA BAZAAR.— Four days' sales of useful and fancy goods, with the services of Mr. Good- child to dispose of the balance of stock at auction, have added nearly £200 to the funds of Kapunda Institute. GOING.— Referring to emigration, a Gawler paper mentions that it has heard of two respec- table farmers, a few miles from that town, who have just cleared out, taking with them about £4,000 in cash ; adding —"These facts are very significant, and show the importance of remedial measures being adopted without delay. Desperate diseases require strong remedies promptly applied." BARRIER RANGES.— In a letter to the Northern Argus a Burra correspondent writes on February 8 :—"Mr. Pearson, the surveyor, who has just returned with his party from the boundary between this colony and New South Wales, reports the country at the Barrier Ranges as looking green, and the grass when he left was springing up beautifully. I understand the party are to return to the Border, but not with the same lot of horses, which are miserably poor, and may give an idea of the state of the country they have been travelling through." VALUE OF VICTORIA'S LAND.— Somewhat disparagingly of the soil offered by the sister pro- vince, the Mount Gambier Standard, writes :— " In this district we have many persons well- informed as to the character of the Victorian land. They unite in this testimony — that all the first quality land has already been secured by persons who are letting it at a rental as high as any of the heavy rents in this locality, and that there is in reality little good land to be got. A few lots of fair second-rate quality may be secured; but with such a rush as that which has taken place within the last few days in Victoria, we may take it for granted that special prizes will not fall to every applicant. We speak on the authority of a gentleman well acquainted with the locality whilst saying that there is land in the district marked out for drainage operations in the South-East which is equal if not superior to that of the far-famed Tower Hill District. Besides this we have the testimony of those who have been resident in the celebrated Muntham District, and who have voluntarily returned to this locality, as healthier for residence, and as a preferable place, for farming operations. There are no doubt a few farmers leaving this locality, who have been spending their energies for the last 12 months on worked-out land ; and a few we shall in- evitably lose, who would have gone if there had been no land at all for selection ; but very few of our substantial men will care to stir. And even some of the working men who were dazzled at the first, on cooler enquiry and investigation believe that there is no great advantage to be got in Victoria. If the Government desires to retain its population, let them hasten the Drainage Works, and settle the shifting popu- lation there." FAT SHEEP AND FINE FEED.— A drover on the road with fat sheep from Oulnina (N. E.), for the Adelaide market, reported his not being able to see more than the backs of his sheep in the grass whilst crossing the Paratoo Run. The sheep were an evidence of good feed being somewhere. Grass was mowed for hay a few weeks ago on Mount Arden. These runs are on the northern side of Mr. Goyder's imaginary rainfall line. CHEAP SHEEP.— At Mount Gambier Mr. H. E. Wells has just sold 500 sheep at 1s. 9d. per head, in miserable condition. COMPLIMENTARY DINNER TO MR. P. B. COGLIN.— We see from our contemporary that a complimentary dinner, which passed of success- fully, was given to Mr. P. B. Coglin on Tuesday evening at the Black Lion Inn, Hindmarsh. We have no report of it, as we received no intimation that it was to take place. BARK EXPORTS.— Another vessel will before long be loaded at Second Valley with bark for England by Mr. Wilkie for Bean Brothers. PASSENGERS FOR MELBOURNE.— It will be seen that the steamer Aldinga has again taken away 80 steerage passengers. THE NEW NARRACOORTE AREAS.— The plans and definitions of three new areas near the present one at Narracoorte have now found their way into Blue-book form, and the procla- mation will doubtless be proceeded with imme- diately. VITAL STATISTICS.— The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Ade- laide during the week ended Saturday, the 19th of February, were :— Births — 22 males, 23 females. Deaths — 15 males, 19 females. Total — 45 births, 34 deaths. Excess of births, 11. APPOINTMENT.— The Board of Management of the Adelaide Hospital have chosen Dr. Ellison, late of Port Augusta, for the post of Junior House Surgeon. He is an M.R.C.S., holding a schedule of the Apothecaries' Hall, duly signed, and was for five years in the London Hospital, where he was an Assistant Resident Medical Officer, and held the appointment of "Dresser" to in and out patients under Dr. T. B. Cutting. He will enter upon his duties at once. PRACTICAL JOKES.— The police-trooper left Port Wakefield on Monday to attend the sittings of the Supreme Court, and in his absence some persons commenced such practical jokes as stealing a sheep and a half out of Mr. O'Mealley's butcher's shop, and hanging the meat in front of Messrs. Styles and Moore's store ; putting a lot of poultry into a gentleman's house, and placing signboards against the Roman Catholic Chapel. Such pranks should be stopped. THE UNDALYA SHOOTING CASE.— On February 15 the adjourned hearing took place at Auburn before Mr. A. King, J.P. Dr. Wall gave evi- dence to the effect that Brett was out of danger, and though at present unable to articulate dis- tinctly, would, he believed, be able to appear in a few days. Owen was then remanded to February 21. TEMPERANCE.— On Wednesday week a meeting was held in the Wesleyan Chapel, Modbury, under the auspices of the Total Abstinence League and Band of Hope Union. Mr. H. Tyre, of Payneham, presided, and Messrs. W. Watkins, C. W. Priest, and G. W. Cole, of North Adelaide, spoke. A recitation was well given by Mr. H. Sloman, and select pieces of music were sung with effect by four gentlemen of Archer-street choir. NORTH COUNTRY.— The mailman reports the country between Clare and Mount Remarkable as being extremely barren, and says there is not a bag of grass throughout the whole dis- tance if it was all scraped together. Beyond the Mount, however, there is feed in abundance, such as saltbush and geranium, but not much of anything else.— Northern Argus. INQUEST AT REEDY CREEK.— Touching the death of James Brazil, of Reedy Creek, miner, an inquest was held by Mr. Edward Castle, J.P., with Captain Polglase as Foreman. De- ceased had been taken suddenly ill on February 13, when Captain Polglase was sent for, and a report got abroad that deceased had injured himself by drinking too freely of colonial wine. Dr. Parkin, of Reedy Creek, was called in, and subsequently Dr. Muir, of Tungkillo. Deceased complained of intense pain, and retched inces- santly. Medicine was sent for, and the vomiting could not be stopped. Dr. Parkin prescribed emetic and purgative medicines without affording much relief, and subsequently administered small doses of laudanum in brandy, which eased the patient, and Dr. Muir bene- ficially applied leeches to the stomach. The patient, however, continued to sink, and died on the evening of the 15th. Great excitement prevailed among the miners, and the opinion gained ground that deceased had been poisoned by tobacco introduced into colonial wine, Dr. Muir having found small portions of tobacco amongst the vomit. The Coroner ordered a post mortem examination, which was made by Dr. Goss, of Mount Pleasant, legally qualified medical practitioner, the other being present. The result clearly showed that death was caused by aurental hernia. After a short deliberation the verdict was handed in —"The Jury are unanimously of opinion that deceased, James Brazil, came to his death from natural causes." PRESENTATIONS.— On Friday, Feb. 18, at 6, about 30 of those employed in the wholesale warehouse of Messrs. D. & W. Murray met at the Prince Alfred Hotel to make a presentation to Mr. Horace Dean, who has for many years occupied a responsible position in that establishment, where, as in the trade, he has won and retained the respect and esteem of all. The special occasion of the gathering was to recognise this upon the occasion of his leaving to enter upon business as partner with Mr. J. A. Northmore, of Rundle and King William streets. Mr. Newell presided ; and Mr. D. Murray, the senior and resident partner in the firm, was present. Mr. Knowles, on behalf of those in the same employ, handed to the recipient a handsome silver tea service, prefacing the act with cordial words testifying to the feelings which they had for Mr. Dean, as evidenced by this expression of their desire to honour him and be remembered. The prin- cipal article in the set bore the inscription, " Presented to Mr. H. Dean by his fellow- assistants on his leaving the establishment of Messrs. D. & W. Murray to commence business. Adelaide, February 19, 1870." Wine had been introduced, and after, in a neat speech, Mr. Martin had proposed "Their Guest's Health," that gentleman replied, acknowledging his sense of indebtedness to them for their gift, cordially wishing them prosperity, and trusting that he might continue to retain their good opinion. After Mr. Searle had given the toast of "Prosperity to the new firm of Northmore and Dean," and this had been acknowledged gracefully, Mr. Brown proposed a similar compliment for Messrs. D. & W. Murray. This, like the preceding sentiments, was warmly received, and in response Mr. Murray spoke heartily of the pleasure he had experienced in being present, eulogized the con- duct of Mr. Dean, and expressed great satisfac- tion with the good feeling which subsisted and the cordial relations existing between employers and employed. Mr. Dean here referred to the fact that Mr. Ferguson was also on the point of leaving the warehouse, and Mr. Sketheway, as the spokesman of the company, presented him, in a few well-chosen words, with a gold pencil- case as a remembrancer. MAIL-GUARDS.— The Far North mail-guard, Mr. Barnes, met with some friends at Faulkner's Hotel on February 21, at 10 o'clock, who pre- sented to him a new bugle bearing a suitable inscription. We have seen the instrument, which is a first-class article. He was compli- mented on his urbanity and general conduct, and then suitably replied. NEW PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL.— The foundation-stone of a Primitive Methodist Chapel at Carclew, Gawler River, was laid on Monday afternoon, February 14, by Mr. J. Roberts, in the presence of numerous specta- tors. The devotional services were conducted by the Revs. J. Barber (Circuit Minister) and J. H. Williams, who had on the previous Sunday preached preparatory sermons under a spacious tent to crowded audiences. At the conclusion of the ceremony about 150 had tea in the old chapel, and afterwards a public meet- ing was held in the tent, presided over by Mr. J. Sparshott, and addressed by the Rev. Messrs. Wellington, Barber, and Williams ; and also Messrs. Ryder (Wesleyan) and Goodger. The total cost will be about £400, towards which there is subscribed more than half. MINERAL DISCOVERY.— Intelligence has just reached us (Southern Argus) of a new discovery, the locality of which is near the Finniss River, and about two miles from the Tramway Station. The specimens we have seen consist principally of quartz, containing splendid indications of copper, malleable, green and blue carbonates, and yellow sulphurets. A small quantity of gold has also been extracted from the lode, but of course the exact proportion of the latter cannot be ascertained until further trial has been made ; but the amount already obtained is amply suf- ficient to stimulate further search for the precious metal. We believe the discoverers have purchased the property, consisting of about 200 acres, and intend forming a Company at once. RIVER NOTES.— The steamers Jupiter, Maranoa, and Jolly Miller are lying moored to the river banks at Wentworth waiting a rise to proceed upwards. Captain E. H. Randall left there on the morning of February 21 by the up- mail with a crew of four men to join the Moolgewanke now lying at Acres, Buckanby, and take advantage of the contemplated rise in the Upper Darling. The Moolgewanke has on board a full cargo of wool. The Queen is daily expected here with barges from Goolwa, but there are doubts of her getting beyond Moona should the Murray still keep falling. SHIPMENT OF RACEHORSES.— A notice posted at the Globe informs the owners of horses intended to run at Flemington during the Autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing Club that Mr. Darwent is willing to take over and bring back in his steamers, free of cost, all South Australian racers that prove themselves winners. This is a liberal offer, and should be an encouragement to persons having horses in whom they feel confidence to try their fortunes on the Melbourne turf. 