MISCELLANY. AGEOEGiAbarfeeeperadvertises whiskey that will make one drunk, and a oordial that will restore hie senses in a moment: A Young Rebel.—Mamma (in despair): " Papa, dear, you really must try and exert a little authority over Evangeline! She will spread her jam on the palm of her hand instead of her bread!" Prkvost-Paradol in Edinburgh. — The eloquent French political lect urer has created such a furore in the Modern Athens that a new word of wor ship has had to be coined for it—Paradolatry. An Offer to Close With.—" That fanions old vineyard, the C'loe Vougeot,. has just changed hands for £62,000. Mr. Nuthan, on hearing of this, remarktd that it was the largest amount ever realised in the old Clos* line "—" Punch." Delightful Prospect ; or, Matrimony and Fox-hunting.—(Scrimmage has married since last season, and his wife aooompanies him to the meet) —S. (who never intended this sort of thing): " Don't you think you had better go back with William now, dear?" Mis. a.: "Ono, i am not half tired yet; and you can open all the gates for me, you know 1" A New Moon, Indeed !—A German phi loeopher fast written a pamphlet—of 2,000 pagee by the way!—to prove tbat we shall shortly lisve a second moon. Can the development of this new lunar in finenoe account for the reaction which has been set up in some minds—-If we may be pardoned the term—in favour of protection t Praying by Rote.—Cyrns Redding relates not a bad story of the sailors of the three nations, ina storm. The Soot chman prayed .extempore; the Irish man bad his prayers by heart to the Virgin, and the eleven thousand virgins, perhaps into the bargain; bat the Englishman went through the ship hunting for a prayer-book, and could not find one until the storm waa over. A Spanish priest once exhorting the soldiers to fight like lions,yulded in the ardour of his enthusiasm: "Reflect my children, that whosoever falls to-day stipe to-Dight in Paradise." Loud applause followed the sentiment. The fight began, the ranks wavered, and the priest took to his heels, when a soldier, stopping him, reproachfully referred to the promised supper in Paradise. " True my eon, tna%" eaid the priest, "butlnever take supper." John Randolph was one of the most sar castic men that ever lived. One time a young pi" attempted to make hie acquaintance. He obtained an introduction,'aod among his first remarks said, "I pa>«ed by your house lately, Mr. Randolph." " I hope you alwat s will 1" was the reply. Another one twitted hBn ss to his *' want of eduoation." " The gentleman reminds me,"said .Randolph, in reply, " of the lands about the headwaters of the Montgomery, which are poor by nature, and cultivation has ruined them." Of his Way of Thinking.—" Lord L. made a point of strictly cross-questioning his domes tics as to their religious and political faith before he engaged them. Yfbue residing on his Irish estates a groom presented himself to be hired, but resolving beforehand not to compromise himself by sny inoon&i; derate replies. ' Whe tare your opinions?" was the peer's first demand. ' Indeed, then, your lordship's honour, I have just none, at all at all.'—'.Not any I Nonsense, you must have some, and I insist on knowing them.'— » Why. then, your honour's glory, they arefbr all the world just the eameas your lordship's.'—'Then you can have no objeotion to state them, and confess frankly what Is your way of thinking.'—' Obh 1 and is it my way of thinking yon in ant by my opinions T Why then, I am exactly of the same way of thinking as Pat Sullivan, your honour's gamekeeper, fey says he to me, as I waa oomlng downstairs, " Murphy," says He,"*4 I'm thinklngyonll never be paying me thattvwHmd-twMty tiflhinldng.^T:OwnoeBrullh. ■ " ■ A N&w; Toy.—A-mwtoy humid 11a ap pearanos one of thoroWhirh amusm btgtfeiihee «e jeuue bomnto; iii England, " Tlia sUnitKi Link." It is a little tube ntsdo of osier, info which une o tn easily introduce a finger attach teiA.' Buttbe finger* once in, it is Terr difficult tb git'Aham out It W impossible to get them out by pulling, for tbe harder <>ne gfllls the more does the tulw oontiaot and tighten on the finger. It thus forms anemmiLng specie < of lundcuff. It is bought so eagerly in Paris that there are hawkers whp, in defiance of the law, proffer it to you. in. the streets. > A few days ago, on the B mfovard ties Capucines, a policeman suoceeded in arrest log ons of tbe<e hsnrkers as he waaoarryingon his illicit com merce, and walked hini off to tbe nearestetation. But even a polioemau is only a mortal like ourselves—a victim to most human frailties, and amongst others to curiosity. At the oomsr of the Rue Louis le Gr*ud» the agent of the authorities could not help inquiring from his prisoner what possible use there was for these little tabes. "Oh, it's very simple," said the street Arab. " I'll show yon, if you like." "The best of us live and learn," majestically rejoined the repre sentative of order; "show me." With great com placency the hawker explained to the policeman {hat he was to introduce his little fingers firmly into tne ends of tbe tube, and having done so, to pull hard. The polioemau was soon liaudcuffed, and Monsieur the hawker took to his heels.—*' Daily Mews." Stbeet Tbeks in Paris.—It. is truly sur prising to see how well these are managed in Paris, and to what an enormous extent they are planted, as well in tbe centre of the city, on (he boulevards, and along the river, as on the scores of miles of suburban boulevards, radiating avenues and roads, the sides of which one would think capable of supplying Paris with building ground for a dozen generations to come. Tbe planting in all the London parks is as nothing oompared to the avenue aud boulevard planting in and around Paris. The trees, are ntarly all young, but very vigorous and pro mising. Kverj tree is trained and pruned so as toform a symmetrical straight-ascending head, with a clean stem. Every tree is protected by a slight cast-iron or stick basket; it is staked when young, and when eld if necessary, and nearly every tree is provided with a cist-iron glaring six feet wide or so, which effectually prevents the ground from becoming hard about the trees in the most frequented thoroughfares, permits of any attention they may require when young, and of abundance of water being quickly absorbed ineummer. The expense for these strong and wide gratings must be something immense, but assuredly the result that will be presented by the trees a few years hence will more than repay for all the outlay by the grateful shade and beauty they will afford tbe town in all ite porta As soon as the new road or boulevard it made in Paris, it is planted with trees; and every one of the millions is as carefully trained and protected as a pet tree in an English nobleman's park—From Robinson's " Parks, Promenades, and Guldens of Paris." A Strange Story.—The present fashion of selecting odd phrases and mottoes as the tittes for novels is open to much ridicule. A correspondent has sent' us the following as tbe result of tbe cursory perusal of a publisher's circular:—"Belial,"feeling somewhat" Alone in tbe World," bethought himself of taking a stroll. He passed " The House by the Church yard," and, after trampling down the " Wheat and 'fares," emerged"By the Sea" There, as it were, advancing "Against.WiudandTide/'hespied "Beneath the Surface " " Breakers Ahead." This was " A Bad Beginning"—a kind of "Notice to Quit"—so he turned into "Bclforest," and encountered "Borne Famous Girls (both'Black and White')" who haveaince be come "Famous Women." He was introduced to "A Woman of Spirit by a. Woman Without." He beheld "Eleanor's Victory " and *' Christian's Mistake," and heard " Carry's Confession." " Here be ' Shattered Idols' and 'Singed Moths,'" qnoth he; "Grasp,your Nettle," bnt " Look before you Leap," for " Who Breaks, Pays." Eleanor was " Pat to the Test." Christian was "Paid in Full," and Carry was "Re commended to Meicy." it was just the " Darkest before Dawn," bnf-Belial perceived "The Womaniu White" (" Moulded out of Faults") fightiug with "The Man in Chains," aud "How to Manage It" alie.did not ktfow. "Once and Again" aha seemed "Lost and 8aved," bnt at last she inflicted '' The Cruellest Wrong of All,"and fled, crying out "Quit*!" "A Life for a Life!" and he was "Left to tbe World," " Alone." " It was to Be," and " Such Things Arefor, though "Wondrous Strange," they are " Too Strange not to be True."—"Pall Mall Gazette." Ghosts. Some people believe in ghosts, and some Consider them all ado, Like tbe spirits of Home—and that they're a hum I really think—dou't you ? Oh, a hollow turnip on top of a post, With a candle alight inside. And a long white sheet, is a kind of ghost That as boys we have often tried. There's another sample of ghosts—and that's The ghost of a haunted house; Bnt that as a rule, I think, is rats, And oftentimes only mouse. But on real ghosts I have ne'er clapt eyes, Though I ouce committed a crime That well might empower a sprite to rise At the stroke of the midnight chime. For old Aunt Sally, that ancient aunt, I smote with a stick on the head. And her ghost, if legends speak truth, should haunt Her murderer's sleepless bed! But I ne'er of her ghost have yet caught eighty And I scarcely fancy 1 *11*11,— And Sarah perhaps is no wandering sprito, In short, no Volatile Bah But ah, tbe ghost I would give them- st If I oould set eyee upon. Is what I can't see—and that's the e-hnet Of & chance of getting 011! —"Pan." 