?. 'a: ^ - ?Manin Genisis and Geoi.oqy; ou, the Bib lioaIi Accounts of Max's. Creation Tested by Scientific Theories op His Origin and Antiquity. By toe Bev. Joseph P. Thompson, D.D., LL.D.''12 mo., pp. 149. It is a misfortune that the two camps into which the intellcotual world is dow divided — thoBe of 8oiencc and religion — understand bo little of one another. Even tho weapons of one aide nrn nlmnaf unlrnriran fVrt ntltni* fitmli la ? defective training in tbe theologioal schools that that gioat implement with which the army of science Las won almost all its grand victories in modern progress — tho process of scientific I reasoning — is an instrument with which the young theologians are almost utterly unacquainted — the cumulative process of reasoning, by which ono fact is piled upon anothor, until at length; after weary labor, a broad generalisation can be ereotod, which shall be a guide to 'all future investigations; tho delicato and conscientious i * balancing of probabilities, until at last a result is obtained a little moro probable than any other, arid this bceomes a clue for other research ; the basis of all conclusions solely on facts, though nrwl^i. ? ? _ i i ? 11 ? — l ti,„ UUU1.A. frUG ^uiuiiuuu U1 uypuiuuuid, UUU IUU r confidence in the' imperative, all embracing nature of law, Buffering no exceptions, and eternally and everywhere the same— these aro processes and modes of thought to which most theologians are strangers. The conclusions thus obtained seem to them weakly based, the processes two subtile, and-the Laws' liablo to: constant interruption and exception. ' The consequence is that at tho present time moat of our schools of theology have no sympathy with modern scientific thought, and ? do not in the least Bppreoiate the vantage grounds it'has gained. Tbeir instruction in ' Natural Tboology' is given precisely as it was twenty or thirty years ago, when Paley waB tho authority, and as though Darwin and his sohool had not existed. ? The enemies thoy attack no longer exist, and the weapons thoy hurl fall wide of the mark. They fight with the . ghost of tho past, instead of tho bona fide foe3 of to day. When at length tho tremendous current of . scepticism and atheism reaobes us from England —as it is sure to do in a few years — will our religious guides bo prepared to meet it, or shall . wo repeat the desolate experience of modern Germany in the matter, of Faith and Soionce. On tho other hand, the physicists of the day have no' proper appreciation of the great faots of consoiousness and of the wants of the soul, and .do not regard the experiences or laws discovered in the great ' physical ' realm as at all equal in Valuo to those of the world of matter. In their own field they show themselves often as dogmatic and uftsoientific in their modes oi thought as the H.nnlnmona tl.amcol.Fn'a ? Dr. Thompson, the author of tho work whose title is given above, is one of the few modern theologians who can look scientific facts and oonolusions squarely in the face, and who can appreciate scientific reasoning. ' Darwinism to \- bis mind is not a spootro of infidelity, nor tho . confirmation of geology the ovorthrow of the Bible, nor the Antiquity of Man' (if proved) the destruction of religion. His treatment of all theso important topics is in great contrast to ?tliat of many German and English theologians. ixu cAumiuus vuuu uu lid uwu merits, uuu appreciates . the cumulative nature of the ?? arguments of soience on cach of these questions: . IIo is not too ready to objoct to a conclusion because it is not fully demonstrated as yet, nor too , eager to except what physicists somotimes claim . father hastily as anxious or settled truths. With this oandid, philosophical habit of mind, . . nnd the author's well known scholaatio attainments, it is a pity that his conclusions on so important eubjeots were given out in this half colloquial, lecture like volumo, wherein such a miscellany of topios are diecussod as tho Jewish Cosmogony, the Antiquity of man, Darwinism, the Sabbath, \- Woman's Rights, tho Social Compact, Marriage, and Christian Pbilantbrophy. Dr. Thompson's object, ho informs ns in the 'volume, is 'especially -to disouss the great question, How lo adjust 'the facts of Science to the Bible ? With this purpose, the first great topic which meets him is the Biblical ncoount of Man's Croation. As a ?cosmogony, he shows its vast snpeiority in simplicity and majesty to heathen cosmogonies; but ho admits throughout its main purpose to be spiritual rather than scientific, and, though ho finds a gonoral concurrenoo with ^ the late results of science, he does- not fas many theologians have so unwisoly done) press this harmony too closely. Tho grand truth tvhich it reveals to tho world is, in his view, that tho ; universe is ' tho work of a personal Creator.' In discussing tho ' Origin of Man,' tho author \- naturally comes at onoe to the great modorn 'Hypothosis of Development.' His treatmont of Darwinians is romarkubly candid : and ho admits that tne tneory is aa consistent wnu me uwnmo of creation by a personal God as any other. In fact bo might havo claimed that it is a more worthy conception of tho Creator than that which makes him continually interfere in the I laws he has formed. His objections to tho Hypothesis are scientific and well taken — such aa Agasaiz or Guyot have offered — though the scientific mind of the world ia more and more con eideiing thom as unsound, and is rapidly adopting \- the therey as if . not a complete . Hypothesis of of lonat. n tnnnrinrfnl oxnlanation of great U1IK''P »» ' ? ? — r - - numbors of forms of lifo existing. Dr Thompson wi»ely takes the ground of that ' Origin of Life' is yet a mystery, and must bo referred back to Divine Powor- — regarding these recent experiments ii\ ' Spontaneous Generation' as doea tho Presidont of the British Association, who, in the recent meeting at Exoter, said : ' In tho various ptoccsseB of crystallization, of precipitation, &c.;, wbioh wo witnossin doad matter, I cannot seo the faintest shadow of an approach to tho formation of an organic, structure, still less to the wonderful sorieaof changed which are' concerned in the growth and even tho perpetuation of oven tho lowliost plant.' ? To the possible physical genoric connection of Man with the lower animals, Dr Thompson-offers tho usual objections— thoso quoted from. M. Roohet aa the strongest ; being prepared, however, , probably to admit that, if these are ever anawered and man's physical structure be proved to bo in immediate connection with lower types, the contrast in his spiritual powers with the animals only makes tho probability of the independent existence and creation of hia soul tho stronger. Tho most ultra development believers a'iniit that when, under Natural Selection, instinct became mind, thero was ' a revolution liko a miracle, buoIi as the world had nsvor seen ; so tho Eoioiitifio theologian may claim thhi there tit loaat'j in tbo course of development, a supernatural action was aa probable aa this mysterious change, and that Soal as well as, Life may scientifically .be claimed as a direot emanation from Divine P ower. Tho doctor'sdiscussion of' Human Antiquity ' is the moat interesting and scholarly feature of tbe volume. He oxaminos carefully the different souroes.of evidence which modern science has revealed, of a much greator duration of. man upen earth than had previously beenjbplieved. t The Egyptian monuments, be admits, throw tho date of Egyptian civilization beyond the' received date of the flood ; tho discoveries ;in .the! pile habitations, . of -.'.Switzerland and' tbe Kitchcnmiddens of Denmarka point back toat least several thousands of years ; and the finding of human remains ^'company with those of the extinct mammalia ? all give a probability of a considerable antiquity to mankind. t . ? ? .V ? 1. ? A : AQtiiViofna tli^ XU our JUUgUlUUbj uc -Aigubij ;; vaiiwuiM »uv evidence, from the implements of the different «ages' — the stone, flint, and iron ages— na not conolusivo on chronology; Bnt tho grand argument' for an immense human antiquity, the discovery of human ? implements and . bones iu conncotion with the Drift or tha GlacialPeriod, in places where evidently vast changes of tbei earth's surface have gone on, is valued at its true importance. i With a' true aeoientific spirit he;.: does not attempt atpreaent to reconcile theae facts and the apparent ohronolcgy of tiie 'Bible, suggesting, however, various possible modes ofreoonoiiiation ; thua that tho Bible record may be tho hiatory of the fortunes of one great family of man, and not of all j that tho narration of- tho early books of the Old Testament may bo of typical. men or tribes, without any referenoe to' ' exact succession of years or centuries, or a condensed epitome of history without dates and a conaeoutive lino o^ historical 'events ; and. finally, and stron^at'jpojnt of all. that the Bible is riot designed as a scientific or chronological work, but as a book of Spiritual truth arid inspiration: ? - ? - ;;r 1 1 ' There are moro profound problems !: iri, tbe adjustment of science nnd religion than any whioh Dr. Thompson has treated. .. The great' want of the age ia of some maater mind who has mastered the procesaes of scientific reasoning, and has been an original investigator— though not |a specialist— in the field of physioal facts, and yet who appreciates the faots of consciousness, the laws,' and the mental world, and is imbued with a profound sense of faith, love and religion. Such a mind would be tho benefactor of the new:' era, and do much toward bringing to an end tho great contcst of the age— that between science and religion. 