CENTRAL POLICE COURT.—MONDAY. (Before Messrs. Pearce and Spence.) Henry Hamilton was charged with stealing a bag of potatoes of the value of 7s 6d. ; he was sent to gaol for three months. Same party was also ordered to pay 18s, or seven days, for wilfully damaging a pair of uniform trousers the property of New South Wales Govern- ment. Joseph Hartley was fined 20s, or fourteen days' gaol for making use of obscene language. Margaret Rice, Mary Ann Pritchard, Susan Graham, and Elizabeth McClusky for being drunk and dis- orderly, were fined 20s, or seven days. Emily Walker, for riotous behaviour in Castlereagh- street, was mulct in the amount of 20s., or three days. Henry Walker was fined 20s, or three days' gaol, for resisting a constable in the execution of his duty. Bridget Bramble and Bridget Mooney, idle and dis- orderly characters, were sent to gaol for six months. Elizabeth McClusky, for making use of indecent language, was fined 40s, or one month. Margaret Creed was fined 5s, or two days' gaol, for being drunk and disorderly. Mary Moloney, an idle and disorderly character, was sent to gaol for three months. Thomas Wyatt was sent to gaol for three months' for stealing a crimean shirt of the value of 6s 6d. (Before Captain Scott and Mr. Evans.) Elvina Crane, for assaulting Pamella Pretty, was fined, 1s, and costs of court, or twenty-four hours' gaol. —Rachel Robinson, for a breach of the Masters and Servants' Act : dismissed, the information being informal.—Ann Low v. J. R. Low, maintenance. No parties.—Agnes Hogan, a breach of the Tenement Act: withdrawn.—John McCormick v. Charles Norton, also a breach of the Tenement Act : a warrant was ordered to issue, to lie in the office seven days ; also to pay 6s 2d costs of court, levy and distress, or seven days.—Henry Jelly v. Anne McDonald and Ellen Bourke, both breaches of the Tenement Act : warrants were ordered to issue, to lie in the office seven days ; to pay 6s 2d costs of court, 10s 6d professional costs, levy and distress, or seven days. Mr. Croft appeared in the three last cases. Emily Porter, Thomas Mackay, alias Coglen, and Ann Barton, were charged with being concerned in burglariously breaking and entering the Builders' Arms public-house, in Sussex-street, and stealing therein goods and moneys of the value of L2. Con- stable Larkins deposed he went to a house in Sussex- street, in company with sergeant Goldrick and con- stable Mulqueeny. Larkins saw a box there. Searched it and found therein ten pawn tickets and a purse. Defendant Porter told witness to take care of them as they were her property. Found two belts. Porter claimed one of the belts as hers ; also found four letters in the box. Between 9 and 10 o'clock on Sun- day night in company with constable Mulqueeny, witness arrested the male prisoner Mackay in Pitt- street. He took him to the police station, and charged him with the burglary, which occurred on the hight of the 6th, or the morning of the 7th of November. In answer to the charge, Mackay said he was not guilty. Searched him, and found a pawn ticket on him. Prisoner asked Mackay to look at all the articles produced in court, and which he took from the box ; witness positively swore that the three prisoners lived in the neighbourhood of the Builders' Arms, at the time the robbery took place. Mackay looked at the letters (produced), and said they were his. Also produces a memorandum book, which prisoner admitted to be his. Witness believes the writing in the memo, book and the letters to be the same. The following is a copy of one of the letters that was written by the prisoner Mackay:— "No doubt this is an unexpected letter ; but you will find if we are void of honesty that we still retain feel- ing hearts. No doubt you will ask yourself how I became possessed of the knowledge that this ring was given to you by your husband for a keepsake : but that matters not. Your own sense will tell you that it is not fear that prompts me to return it, but feeling, and the time-honoured maxim of 'Honour among thieves.' Perhaps it may be our lot hereafter to answer for this. If it be, I hope you will not be biased by any of our esteemed friends the police ; for if you and yours were to speak the truth you could not accuse anyone posi- tively, as the night upon which you were robbed was the last performance of Sheppard's ghost. We are now going away. We will most certainly call in a few months to see you. No more at present from your MIDNIGHT FRIEND." On the application of constable Larkins, a remand was granted until Monday next; bail allowed—selves in £50 and one approved surety of £50. Mr. Carroll and Mr. Robinson defended the prisoners. 