CANON DOVE AND 'THE OTHER BODIES.' TO THK EDITOR. 8ir— In the BegisUr of May 26 Canon Dove is reported to have said that 'the Church wsj required to be a witness and keeper of Holy Writ. Now, were the other bodies were the Uongreganonalists— keepers of iloly Writ!' To this illiberal and impertinent Suestion the Bishop, with a candour that oes credit both to his head and heart, replied in the affirmative. May I ask space for two quotations from men of widely different opinions upon this matter? Lord Amberley, an English Churchman, in an article in the Fortnightly Review, No. xxxvii., says :— ' The Church of England is simply and entirely the erection of the State. The basis of its authority is wholly secular. No remote antiquity, no apostolic or patristic origin can be pretended in favour of its doctrines. They may indeed in some cases have an accidental coincidence with belief of an ancient date, but their authority in this country (England) rests not upon their con formity eitfter to Scripture, or to the fathers, or to the general opinion of Christendom, but upon the will of a Parliament. The Church of England is built up from its foundation solely upon Acts of Parliament.' If this be true— and every student of history knows it is true — then any excep tional authority the Church of England is supposed to possess as 'a keeper of Holy Writ' is derived from Parliament. Even the Ultramontane Archbishop Man ning concedes to us that which is denied us by Canon Dove. Dr. Manning, in his letter to Dr. Pusey on 'The Workings of the Holy Ghost in the Church of England' (England and Christendom, p. 101), says :— 'The working of grace in the Church of England is a truth we joyfully hold and always teach. But we as joyfully recognise the working of the Holy Spirit among Dis senters of every kind.' In the same letter (pp. 116-117) he continues : — ' Moreover, to be just I must say that if the Church of England be a barrier against infidelity, the Dissenters must also be admitted to a share in this office, sod in the praise due to it. And, in truth, I do not know among the Dissenters any works like ' The Essays and Reviews,' or any biblical criticism like Dr. Colenso's. They may not be very dogmatic in their teaching, but they bear their witness for Christianity and for the Scriptures as an inspired Book. ... I do not think the Wesleyan Con ference or the authorities of the three denominations would accept readily this assumed superiority of the Anglican Church as a witness against unbelief. They would point and not unjustly, to the doctrinal confusions of the Church of England as causes of scepticism, from which they are comparatively free. And I am bound to say that I think they would have the advantage. . . . Indeed, I may say that some of the best people I have ever known out of the Church (of Rome) were Dissenters or children of Dissenters.' I fear I can scarcely hope to convince, by words of mine or others, a dignitary who is so invincibly ignorant as to stand up in the nineteenth century, and, with a negative answer in his mind and heart, ask—' Are the other bodies keepers of Holy Writ ?' Every one must pity the miserable sec tarianism that prompted the question. If it were not very mournful, it would be very amusing. And because it is so mournful I must ask pardon for the three-barrelled pun, which is the only answer I think it is worth. We do expect notes of peace from a Dove; but no one expects them in the mouth of a Can(n)on, except it be a Far(r). 1 am, Sir, &c;, J. LANGDON PARSONS. 