THE WAR. I [From The Times" Special Correspondent.] HEAD-QUARTERS OF THE CROWN PRINCE. THIRD ARMY, GOLTZ LES FOUETS, Aug. 6th I have just arrived at this quiet little Alsatian village, Soultz les Forte,, after a trying time of it. I left Mayence at noon on Thursday, by a hired carriage, with the intention of joining the Crown Prince's head-quarters at Speyer. That night we could only get to Worms. Resuming the journey early on Friday morning, I got within four leagues of Spires (Speyer), when it was announced by the ghost of a wayside inn, that there were no troops left at that ancient city, and that the Crown Prince had moved to Neustadt, which you will find on the map at the foot of a spur of the Hardt Mountains and so the route was altered to Neustadt which we reached at 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Neustadt was much agitated ; all the disposable inhabitants were at the station giving beet and cigars and wine to the soldiery, for the despatches and telegrams announcing a very considerable action at Wissembourg had been received, and there were proofs of the completeness of the success in a gun and more than 1,000 prisoners, officers and men, many not wounded, who' were sent in from the scene of the fight to be forwarded to Berlin. We were here informed positively that Head-Quarters were at Landau. The horses which took us from Mayence yesterday were quite done up, and the coachman was unwilling to go nearer to the war" but a Neustadt coachman was procured, who under- stock the task and the only question to be considered was the propriety of leaving our saddle horses as well as the base of our operations, our baggage cart. The alternative was to remain at Neustadt, and so lose the chance of coming up with the Head-Quarters, which were evidently moving rapidly. The saddle-horses could have gone on, though the grooms were rather worn out with the great heat ; but the wavgm-liorse was so exhausted that he had to be taken out at Neustadt, and my saddle-horse was put in his place. I knew well how dangerous it is to part with baggage, but there was a certainty that the German army had invaded France, and great events might occur at any time. So leaving with the tired grooms the direction of the Hotel du Palatinat in Landau, we started for that fortress, and drove over its many draw | bridges at 530 to the Place, where we learnt that the head-quarters were at Wissembourg. Those who have been inside Landau in peace times may have an idea of what it is in time of war, when, as now, it is the centre of a camp and of a vast military traffic. The landlord was very obliging, but it was also his opinion that we were certain to find the Crown Prince at Wissembourg, and the details of the combat yesterday spurred IIB on faster than Evidence. So it was resolved not to wait till orses, grooms, and waggon arrived, but to leave them to find their way-German speaking English lads-to Wissembourg as well as they could, and for ourselves to push on in the best possible manner to that point. We went to the railway station, and found there the cruellest Etappen Commando in the world one of the officers recently appointed to regulate the march of troops, and working most serviceably and admirably in the enormous transport of men and materiel. But he could do nothing for us at once, as there were six or seven trains between Neustadt and Landan blocking up the line, there were also many trains to go on to Wissembourg, with food, and it would be impossible to say when room could be made for more amateur?, or Alleghany train would arrive. A General on the platform strongly advised us togo by road as the speediest course, and General VouGotschk,as wollaslcould catch his name, who was also on duty seeing the trains of wounded men and prisoners despatched, having examined our papers, had the kindness to say he would give the grooms a pass to proceed next day if they arrived at Landau. As the carriage was nearing the gate on our return, the people were hurrying towards it, for it was near sun- down. A young Bavarian officer, key in hand, with the buglers and drummers close by, was standing to apply it to the wards of the lock of the " French Gate," but he told me the carriage could pass out through the German gate, and so we went on our way to Wissembourg through a country over which a darker gloom than that of evening was fast descending. The country is charming, but the higher ridges attract the thunderstorms of the Hardt and Vosges, and as night closed the sky was lighted up by incessant flashes as of a distant cannonade. At intervals we passed regiments on the march, and now and then acres of bright lights, as if the stars had settled down on the plains, showed where there were regiments of Bavarians, Wilrtemborgors, Hessians, or Prussians bivouacked for the night. It is a long and hilly road to Wissembourg, and there were many considerable villages, all crowded with troops, whose arms were stacked in the streets, many of the owners being fast asleep on the pavement. We passed through Eugleheim at 9, Goberwiswaden at 1950, and soon afterwards, in the midst of blinding lightning, came down a waterspout, which rushed in sheets off the top of the carriage, and must have added to the miseries of the French falling back from Wissembourg. It was an awful night ; many drivers and horses would have turned tail, but ours were sturdy cattle and ploughed their way through the watercourse, past pine groves alive with men gathered round hissing watch fires of trees and branches, and by enormous trains of artillery and transport, principally, I think, of the 5th Army Corps, the horses' coats shining as if they were of metal in the blaze of these fires. The rain rendered these men silent, though now and then a voice called out " {{»i»," as our wheels came too near the piled up arms, and it was picturesque beyond concep- tion to watch this constant panorama in light and shadow. Outside Wissembourg, which was approached about 10.30 in the morning, there was a block of baggage or equipage and reserve ammunition waggons which presented a barrier that promised to be impregnable. The driver, who thought nothing of frontiers, and had been in and out of France at discretion, scarcely took notice of the fact that we had evaded the soil a little time before reaching Wissembourg. The advanced posts stopped all horses and waggons at the drawbridge over the fosse, but by dint of manoeuvring a breach was effected, and at 2 o'clock I entered the frontier town in the same tremendous rainfall. A few yards had made such a difference. The names over the shops were indeed for the most part German, but Schmidt sold " quincaillorio" and Schultz was a " character," and Scherer was " shortages," and instead of the dates of departure of steamers from Bremen and Hamburg there were placards of the Messageries imperiales. The streets lighted with gas were silent as the grave, for the soldiery were outside the place, but there was a sentinel on duty at the Hotel de l'Ange, which was ablaze with lights and filled with Bavarians and Prussians from garret to ceiling. With great difficulty permission was obtained to draw the vehicle inside under the shelter of the archway, partially out of the torrent. Hitherto the civility, courtesy, and readiness to charge of all I must were quite unparalleled, but as I Tay soaking in one corner of my locomotive bedroom, agitated by horrid doubts of ever reaching the Head-Quarters as our driver declared he would go no further, and our hope of seeing horses and vehicle again seemed very slim, I was disturbed by a rough voice, an arm on my hand, and a light in my eyes, held by a steaming and suspicious Bavarian sub- officer; who wanted to know all about our doings in his " feeding," and who awoke Lord R. Gower at the same time to a sense of his situation. Our excellent courier, who got out of a waterspout to tell us not to mind the Bavarian, was at once seized and carried off I under escort to a stable, and a sentry was put on duty to keep watch over ourselves. At dawn the Bavarians were marched off, and the Pros-. sinus, who relieved them, did not remember their parting injunctions, so at 7 o'clock the driver, under much compulsion, set out for Souths 15s Forms, and passed out of assem- bourg without let or hindrance. It had been a terrible night for the troops. Mon who looked like mud heaps lay in sodden slumber by the roadside or in the fields j others had fallen exhausted on the necks of their horses, and the universal uniform was mud, but the Prussians particularly looked very grim, resolute, and full of fight. Indeed, of their powers in that way there was abundant evidence on every side. The "Route Imperiale de Strasbourg" on which we were travelling, runs through a charmingly wooded undulating country by fields of corn and hops, potatoes and cereals of all sorts still uncut, now never to be gathered in this year. About the stone which marks the 50th kilometre from Strasburg began the signs and tokens of the severe combat of the day before yesterday, which I was not so fortunate as to witness. The fields were all trampled underfoot and covered with a prodigious quantity of gutted knapsacks, French Meed boots, shakos and cavalry caps, jackets, and mau tins for miles on both sides. Here and there lay a dead hone, and burial parties were still busy in the fields, Overturned bag- j gage cars, empty canteen boxes, broken chasse I pots, sabres, bayonets, c, were strewed by the road-side, and now and then a waggon came along from the south filled with prisoners mon with pole faces bound in cloth stained with blood, broken limbs, soiled, and miserable-look- ing. In the two or three villages on the road the windows were broken, the doors, walls, and roofs pitted and perforated with shot and shell. Rudeltz is the name of the last place where the French made a stand. The houses were shut up. A few women, children, and old men haunted the doors of these shattered dwellings. One village Restaurant was a specimen of all. "We have nothing," said the old man; no bread, no wine, no wheat, no corn. All is gone. God help us !" He said that the French drew the plugs out of the casks, when they had drunk enough, to prevent the Prussians refresh- ing themselves in pursuit. Soultz, which was only 53 stunden off, seemed inaccessible. The trams, principally of the 11th Army Corps com- missariat and of ammunition, were endless, and immense masses of cavalry and foot came in view from time to time in wooded valleys and in places between the hills. At 936 the sounds of firing rose above the clamour of the march. On and on, now halting, now getting on a few hundred yards, Suultz is in view at last, and in answer to a hundred questions came the comforting assurance that the Crown Prince was still there. At 10, travel-stained and fagged, I got out of the carriage in the street before the old chateau which serves as His Royal Highness's Head Quarters. The first person I saw was Count Benckendorff, who sent me off to Colonel Walker's billet, and charged himself with the communication of our arrival to the Prince, and I now fold up these hasty leaves, as the tumult of a battle-it must be-is rising in the distance No horses yet, nor a chance of one, and my only means of moving is by the impressment of the luckless man of Neustadt, who is invoking the aid of all the gods to punish perfidy and avenge his starving and exhausted horses in a very strange dialect below our window. (From another Special Correspondent.) HEADQUARTERS OF PRINCE FREDERIC CHARLES. FRENCH FroNTiER," Aug. 7th. On Monday last I started from Berlin, en route to join the 2nd Army, commanded by Prince Frederic Charles. Although I had the privilege of travelling by a military train, my progress could scarcely be called rapid, inasmuch as my train took 80 hours to reach Bingen, that place so familiar to British tourists, It is impossible to imagine or for me to describe the enthusiasm that pervaded the whole route. At every station the train halted at, which was on an average every ten miles, crowds of people pressed forward to the carriages, giving the soldiers beer, - wine, bread, meat, and even cigars-all, be it understood, gratis. It was really quite touching to see the little children, and even young ladies of gentle blood, pressing these great rough soldiers to partake of the little luxuries provided for them and in no single instance did I see anything but the most perfect good manners on the part of the latter, who, if they were not the cleanest in appearance, were certainly sans reproche in every other respect. At Wenden I saw the first preparation for war that brought the fact of the coming struggle thoroughly before me. Large working parties were strengthening the redoubts that guard the town, and trees had been called in order not to interfere with the artillery. I heard the news of the first affair at Saarbrucken on my arrival at Bingara, where, with pardon- able ' ' embroidery," a commissionaire informed me that 700 Frenchmen were killed and only 85 Prussians. This, as may be conjectured, was a little beyond the mark. From Bingen I had a perfect game of hide and seek to find the Prince. First, I was informed that his Head-Quarters were at Mayence, 1 and the intelligence being official, I concluded might rely upon it, Vain hope, for on arriving there I found that he was at Alsog. Again I was disappointed, as it turned out that he had left there for Ruchon-Bolenden, a little village, about 14 miles distant. From there I found out that he had moved still further towards the frontier, where I was last, after li hours' riding, came up with him. I merely give these minor details to show the extreme rapidity of his movements and the difficulty of knowing from hour to hour where he is. The next morning we marched at 7 o'clock. Everybody was in great spirits at the news of the Crown Prince's victory at Wissembourg, which, on all hands is looked upon as a capital beginning to what we are convinced will be a successful campaign. The victory was great, but the cost of it fearful. The French are allowed to have fought with the greatest bravery. It is everything for an army to win the first two or three events, it gives an élan to the whole army advisedly, for four hours after a victory attained by one army there is not a single soldier in either of the other two who is not cognizant of the fact. This is owing to the admirable arrangement of field telegraphy adopted by the Prussians, which, laid down in an hour or so, in conjunction with the nearest line of wire, enables them to communicate with the different corps almost instantaneously. The value of it in gigantic operations of this nature is simply in- calculable. We marched through the loveliest district of the Rhine country, and, seen from the heights, the line of march was picturesque in the extreme Almost before we had arrived the drums announced the arrival of the first regiments of Guards. I was much struck with the way they marched, which, considering the extreme heat, amounted almost to the marvellous. Shortly afterwards the Queen Augusta Regiment, with two batteries of artillery, passed through. The thermometer, I should start e, was standing at 98, yet they had marched 18 miles, and had two more to accomplish before they reached their bivouac, and still they showed no signs of being incapable at that moment to come into action.. The fact of the distance was told me by officers whom it is impossible to disbelieve. Certainly the Prussians have got the gift of marching. A few hours afterwards there passed through a dragoon regiment of the Guard, attached to the division commanded by General Graf von der Goltz, who burst out into loud hurrahs on recognizing the Prince. I have become so accustomed now to patriotic songs on the march that I hardly notice them, but I could not help being struck with the Queen Elizabeth Regiment of Guard, who, marching through at about 10 o'clock at night, sang the " Vaterland" chorus with such admirable time and with such enthusiasm that the whole of the inhabitants of the place joined in. Few people at the commencement of the war were of opinion that Prussia would act on the offensive. Such, however, were her tactics in 1840 ; such they evidently are now, and at present they have been attended with a like success. To-morrow we march again 20 miles ; whither is at present unknown, as every movement is kept secret, except to the absolute heads of departments, to the last moment. I have been requested to refrain at present from even mentioning dates or places at all, so that I fear my readers will, perhaps, be a little puzzled to find out where we are, or when we got there. However, a little time and I hope to be more ex- plicit, 'flin news of our removal from one place to another is only given a few hours before it absolutely occurs. We marched, or rather came by rail, to a town still nearer the frontier, passing, among many others, the Fusilier Regiment of the Guard. It had poured with rain for the preceding eight hours, and the men, whose only covering had been their cloaks, were wet through, but they seemed utterly indifferent to any discomfort. I watched the process of encampment on their arrival, which, compared with the elaborate arrangements I have elsewhere seen, was simplicity itself. There were two battalions, on paper 1,000 strong, although at the present time somewhat decreased by that curse of the infantry soldier ill- fitting boots. After they had piled arms and placed their knapsacks and helmets oil them, they simply marched to the rear of their arms and lay down in their cloaks. Of course, there were parties detailed on the usual camp duties, but with these exceptions each man was in his bedroom in a moment. The officers, meanwhile, looked out for the dryest ditch, a rather difficult task to find, and this, with a few sods thrown in, and a waterproof blanket, comprised their billet for the night. There was a village close by, but on no pretence whatever are they allowed to differ in any way from their men. There were also masses of cavalry, and some troops of artillery, one of which, a chestnut troop, had better horses than any I have soon. There is one thing, however, about their artillery that I think bad, and that is their gear, which is unwieldly in the highest degree In the first place the traces are so hopelessly long that half the draught power of the horses is lost the tackle is of the very roughest manufacture. Then again the gun carriages are all fitted with poles, which on checking the wheelers, owing to the play the part of the Cambria has, fly up nearly to the horses' heads, and when on level ground are below their knees. They have six horses to each gun, in the same manner that ours in England are horsed. A great advantage I have forgotten to mention seems to me to he in the carts of the country, which are four wheeled, with either wickerwork or poles at intervals forming the sides ; they together with two horses and a man, are hired by Government for the war, and are, owing to their lightness, invaluable for either baggage or j forage. In a former letter of mine I mentioned the various Charitable societies for the relief of the sick and wounded in the field. One of the principal of these is the " Johanniter," or Knights of St John, the members of which wear upon their left arm a white band, with a red cross thereon. It is their duty to assist in carrying the wounded from the field, and in helping to attend the sick in hospital. Numerous officers who have retired from the army, but who are privileged to wear the uniform of their late regiments, are members of this society, and will doubtless prove most useful assistants in the coming struggle, Of course, wearing this badge they are non-combatants, and are respected as such by the enemy. i 