I Wbt &»ímta Jfflorníttff 2|craHu MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1870. WE referred the other day to the statistics of the Commerce of British Colonies as indicating their importance to the trade of the mother country, and as grouped together in a pamphlet recently published. This subject, that now co largely occupies public attention, is of such importance that the details connected with it cannot be too generally known. For the sake, how- ever, of obtaining official figures, it becomes necessary to understate the case ; for the latest Blue-book which is avail- able for the entire colonial empire is that of 1866, and the great colonies have since that date considerably increased their commerce. But even taking that year as a standard, the facts and figures drawn out are certainly very remarkable. The area of Great Britain is about 122,518 square miles. The area of her colonies is 5,388,876, and that of India and other dependencies is 995,939 square miles. The area of the mother country is only one fifty-third part of that over which at present the flag floats, the boast of which has so long been that it has "braved the battle and the breeze," but of which its owners, fearful that it might be humbled by too broad a display, are now so careful that they are pre- pared to haul it down to prevent its being rudely lowered by enemies. If a chess-board is drawn with 64 squares, one square would represent Great Britain, 44 would represent the colonies, ' and 8 India and the other dependencies. Of course, when we go from acres to people, Great Britain is still far more important than its colonies. The home population is about | 30,000,000, The purely colonial population is not more than 10,000,000, but that of India is more than 150,000,000. But, grant- ing that the colonial population is at present only one-third that of the mother "country, some regard in a question of this kind must be due to the future. The population of the mother country, though not stationary, does not increase with very great rapidity, and every year immigration takes off a large sur- plus. But the colonial population increases rapidly, and ten years hence, though it is now one-third that of the mother country, it may be one-half, and thereafter the proportions will rapidly alter in favour of the colonies. A colonial dominion capable of such growth, even if it were a weakness now, would soon become a stienglh. Its capacity for self- defence would not only increase, but it would become both a moral and physical support to the mother country. Let us now turn to look at the figures relating to commerce. The total trade between England and the colonies, proper both ways, is represented by more than £60,000,000 .per annum. This is at the rate of £6 2s. per head for the colonists. If we include the dependencies, the total trade is more than £133,000,000 per annum. This great addition is of course due to the Indian trade, which by itself is more than equal to that of all the colonies. But then it furnishes a striking view of the proportionate importance of colonial trade to notice that the trade of 10,000,000 colonists, is very nearly equal in value to that of 150,000,000 Indian subjects; in other words, that one free emigrant who becomes a sturdy colonist does as much for the trade of the United Kingdom as a consumer and producer as fifteen Indians. With a very slight increase, the value of the colonial would be equal to that of the Indian trade-perhaps is so at the dale at which we are writing. Let us now see how the colonial trade stands as compared with the trade of other great national customers. The total trade between the United Kingdom and the United States is about £51,000,000, or five-sixths of the trade between the mother country and the colonies proper. The total ti ade ef the United Kingdom with France is nearly £57,000,000, which is still below the value of the trade of the colonies. Neither, therefore, the United States nor France- and these are the two largest national customers the mother country deals with-are, taken separately, of so much value as the colonies proper, while, taken conjointly, their trade still falls far below that between Great Britain and the whole of its dependencies. To a maritime power the employment given to its shipping is a matter of the greatest | importance. Great Britain has abolished ils I navigation laws, and its own colonial trade is open to the world. Yet how stund the figures ? i In the trade with the colonies proper, the tonnage under the British flag is repre 1 sented by the figures 12,617,504, while other flags cover tonnage to the amount only of 2,422,212, or about one-fifth. If wc in- clude India and the other dependencies, th6 | tonnage under the British flag shows at 20,243,709, while that under all other flags ! ¡ is only 5,997,971. Another point of interest to British capi { talists is the value of British capital invested | in securities and companies connected with I British possessions. Ihis estimate includes I all the public debts of the different BritUh pos- | sessions, the railway stock, the Anglo-colonial | banks, and the various Anglo-colonial com- ] panies, and these alone represent a total of j £277,000,000 of British capital. As to the value of private property held by Englishmen, and invested privately in land, _ houses, merchandise, shipping, docks, &c;, it cannot be estimated with any accuracy. In connection with this topic, it is proper to quote the remark that no colenial Government has ever been a defaulter to the public creditor-that, as compared with foreign stocks, colonial securities rank high, and that the colonies 1 offer a safe and expanding outlet for the em plo) ment of British capital. IK eveiy book of travel great credit is given to Belgium for the numbers of people she main- tains upon every acre of land. She is spoken of as afloiding a model to every other State-tho industry and skill and intelligence of her farmers are lauded to the skies. The report of a most intelligent and competent observer puts a different light upon the matter. Mr. JAMES HOWARD, the well-known maker of agricultural implements, visited Belgium in the round of travel to which we adverted a day or two f-ince, and found a very diilereLt state of thingB to what was represented. The expectations raised by what had been said and written on the subject were not realised. It is not the fault of the people, he acknow- j ledges-that is to say, of the farmers, for no class can be more industrious and frugal : it cannot be that agriculture languishes for want of State patronage, for all the sup- port which is given to agriculture by France is given likewise, and in a similar way, to Belgium. Nor is it the need of good land for the largest part of the land in Belgium is very rich. The result is simply due to the system, which does not permit of the highest style of farming. To one who is acquainted with what high farming really is, and who is accustomed to the wonderful effects produced in England by the abundant application of capital, the results fall far short of his expectations. He is impressed with the absence ef the necessary capital for lhe full development of the resources of the soil, Theie are exceptions to this state of things in J the large sugar-beet farms, which are to be j found in Belgium. Mr. HOWARD says he can readily understand that people with a slight knowledge of rural affairs may be misled on pa)ing a visit to that country-. The land has the appearance of being well occupied, with its small tenements ; for, like the land of France, | it is much subdivided. " There are," | says he, "a quaiter of a million peasant faims under two acres, and about 1000 farms of 250 acres and up.wards, the average being ahout 11 acres. Kather more than half the country is cultivated by the owners of the soil. In Flanders there are few proprietors: the rent of the land is moderate, and the peasantry poorly paid. Hainault is the highest rented land,Luxemberg ihe lowest, the average throughout Belgium being 27s. per acre. The average wages of the farm labourer is Is. Id. per day, without food ; the maximum being Is. 8d., the mini- mum 8¿d. per day." And yet, notwithstand- ing this, we are told that " wages have ad- vanced from 25 to 30 per cent, since 1846." Conversing with the older labourers, Mr. HOAVARD learned that 6d. a day was no unusual wage _ a few years since. Neither hy well paid labourers, nor well devised machinery, is the strength of the soil brought out. These agencies are not com- patible with the minute subdivision of the land. The peasantiy have more faith in the patron saint than the manure heap. " They are plain plodding people," says the observer, who has lent us his escort, " they know very little of what is going on in the agricultural world." On remaiking to the landlady of an inn on the dejected and low condition of the labourers, she said, " Poor things ! they have not much comfort in this life. I only see a few of them once a week, and that's on Sunday afternoon"-for in Belgium as in France, work is kept on till noon on Sunday. The cottier farmers work for the larger ones, and earn the sum of fifteen pence per day. It is difficult to imagine the art required to mani- púlale such funds so as best to cover the wants of a family. Mr. HOWARD was told that if there were not for the present proprietor some- thing bej ond what was to be got from his fruit, vegetables, and poultry, he could not live by farming. Altogether the look- out for the working classes find the simple cottier peasantry is a miserable one. Even under the best circumstances, that is to say, on the largest farms the wages are not more than twenty pence a day in summer, and fifteen pence in winter. With respect to the statement so much relied upon by the advocates of petite culture, " that the number of beasts fed, and the quantity of meat produced per acre, are far greater in Belgium than in England," Mr. HOWARD simply says that, having consulted the most reliable statistics, he finds the total amount of meat raised per acre to be only 98 lbs. in Belgium, against 148 lbs. in England and Wales. Of the " Metayer System " in Italy, it is observed that the cultivation was very slovenly, and the crops scant. Those who there advocate it do so on curious grounds. " It saves the poor things from anxiety," it is said. " Where would the farming of England have been (rejoins Mr. HOWARD), if the farmers had been saved from anxiety ?" In Austria the impression formed upon the mind of the inquirer was the same. Indeed, we find it to tally with the opinion expressed by the Trades Union Congress which met at Brussels two years since. It was then resolved that when communism in land was gained, it would be necessary to abandon fettle culture, and to farm on a large scale if food was to be pro- duced cheaply. Mr. HOWARD clearly thinks little of the prescriptive right of people to occupy land in the country where they are bom. Let the land be so employed as to produce the most food, and if this system is in- compatible with the settlement of a great popu- lation, he advises that the surplus should be allowed to flow off to other countries, and should be assisttd to do so. He applies Lord PALMLRSTON'S hackneyed saying respecting dirt to people, and throws out the following epigram,-" Over-population only means men in the wrong place "-and then, pointing to the immense unoccupied prairies of America, and the untilled and unfed grass lands of Australia, exclaims in effect-while these tracts of fertile country aie lying idle, England should do her share in obeying the old command to be fruitful and multiply, and spread over the world, to redeem its solitudes from isolation, its barren wastes from infertility. It will not do to allow the petite culture system of the Continent of Europe no atlvan | tages, however. It trains the people subjected to it to habits of providence and frugality. I They seem to acquire a practical commind i over themselves, and to keep a far better look out abend than do the English labourers. The latter earn more, but waste more. In Belgium, for inbtance, the pressure of taxation upon the land is light-only thirty pence per acre-and it is worthy of observation that there are no poor ratee, which tells well for the effect of the system on the morals of the people. It is pretty clear that if these colonies desire to draw emigrants fiom the surplus population of Europe, better stuff could be found for their purpose probably in Geimany and Belgium than in England. The surplus population of England at the present time is less agricul- tural than manufacturing ; and mill and trade hands are not exactly what we require. The agents of the United States Go- vernment are at present very busy in Germany. No less than 400,000 Germans annually are shipped across the Atlantic, and from the coast filter through the Eastern to the Western States. The same element Í3 largely intermingled with our own population, and with such excellent effect that we would gladly see an accession to the numbers of the Germans amongst us. They are patient, pains- taking, and temperate workmen ; we only know I of one objection against them, which is that I they are rather opinionated. It is not only on account of the muscle but the money they bring with them that immigrants are an object of desire to a joung colony. If our readers wtfl °e at the trouble to see what was Btated before the Social Science Congress in New York, by a member of the New York Emigration Com- mission, bj glanci ig through a paper on the Hibject, inserted m this issue, they will gain some idea of what America gains annually in this waj It *eems that on their arm al in New "iork it was the custom to ask each man what he brought with him The a*.erage sum was C8 dolíais This mteuogation was not continued, because it was found that the tiuth was not alwajs told It is estimated, howe'»er, sa) s the authoritj referred to, "that the Gern an emigrants alone hine brought into this countrj annually an average of about eleven million dollars Each one has dothing, tool", and valuables also, the amount of which, with his cash r-apitnl, a low esti- mate puts at one hundred and fiftj dolíais In 1859, 250,000 immigrants aimed at New Yeik, augmenting the national wealth that j ear by 37,000,000 dollars " The Ameii cans are an eminently practical lace Let us see how the) look at their own gain in this matter of emigration It may help us to look a little more Überall} at an emigiation pohc), and gue us to see that it ma) be e\en worth oui while to De at some considerable outlaj for the purpose of securing the class of men in question. " An immigrant "-we still quote horn the same document-" is worth just as much to America as it costs to produce a natne-born labourei cf the same average abilit) It is estimated that an American faimer, or skilled labourer costs 1500 dollars for the first fifteen j ears, or until he becomes supporting, and a female 750 dollars. One fifth of the emigrants are les« than fifteen} ears old, but more men come o^er than women, and man} are of the higher order of skilled laüour, the education of whom costs here much more than 1500 dollars Taking this, however, to be equal!) diuded between the se\es, each one will be worth 1125 dollars to America, which it gains free of expense From Ma) 5, 1817, to Januar) 1, 1859, , 4,038,991 emigiants armed at New York, each I of which number repiesented a capital \alue of 1125 dollars, and a cashialue of 150 dollars, being 1275 dollars cash, or a total increase to the national wealth of 5,149,713,525 dollars " 1 hese are facts worthy of careful attention SliMCii ti CoiNcit -A special mooting of tho Munt cipnl Council of Svdnoywill bo held nt tho Town-hall, ?iork street, at 3 o clock this afternoon, for tho purpose of tnl mp into consideration tho tendéis for tho Exhibition Building, Prince Alfred Park ATTI MI TI I> POIKOMNO -lesteraay morning about 11 o clock n person nnniod John Evans, residing in 1 rancis street, attempted to commit suieldo bj takiDg cv anido of potassium Immediately after ho had svv allowed tho doso his iamil} discovered what ho had dono, and at once pro- cured medical uid Three doctors «-oro apeedilj in atten- dance, nnd, as the quantitv of poison taken was not vory large, they succeeded in preventing any fatal result Tho causo of tho rash act is said to havo boen low spirits, the result of intemperance Tho patient is still in a verj weak sti te, though considered to bo out of danger Ho is an elderly man nnd an employe in tbo Council of Education SCULLER'S RACE- Tho race between the Brothers Trickett, of Sydney, and Rush and Conlon, from the Clarence River, was decided on Saturday afternoon ¡n favour of tho latter. Tho stakes laid wero £50 aside, and Iho men pulled double sculls in light Bkiffs Iho betting was pretty even, no odds on either being obtainable The course was tho UBUUI ono on tho Parramatta River, and the boats drew up off tho Bathing house shorllv after 1 o clock, when on excellent start was effected the Clarenza River men, howover, soon dro« ahead of their oppononts, and lui bj a considerable distanae up to Bedlam Point, whore tho 1 ricketts put on a spurt and drow up to within n longth of the leading boat Prom this point to tho finish a lino race took place, tho Clarenco River men winning by about a couple of lengths 111" time waa twenty four minutes and n half, tho tido being ebb Rush and Conlon pulled about tvvelvo strokes to tho inckotts ten, and after the raco pulled tho r boat down to Sydnoj Tho stoamors Breadalbine, % esta, Herald, Courior, and Emu, with a gcod number of passengers on board of each, followed the race Iho stakes were paid over on Saturday night SATHIDA-V HALF HOLIDVA Atoamos -Under tho auspices of this association, a number of athletic sports and biejclo contests cime off, on tho Albert Ground, on Satur- day afternoon The sports commenced at 2 o clock, at which hour thera wero but few persons on the ground Tho atlendance, however, gradually increased, until thero wero from threo to four hundred persons present The weather was beautifully fine, and a pleasant aftetnoon was spent Ono of tho pnncipal events in tho programme was what has been termed tho "Great sensational Bicycle Steeplechase ' Tho bicycles had to bo dm en twice round tho ground, pass over six hurdles, and two water jumps InoEO who delight in this description of ' sport had as much " sensation as thoy could well destro Every ono of tho competitors fell m their attempts to ascend or descend tho plonks, tho inward ends of which were raised about two feet from tho ground Some of thom had several ' spills,' and narrowly escaped serious injury by having their limbs broken by coming in contact vi ith the planking or getting entangled in tho wheels of their machines One of them, 1 Davidson, was one of the unfortunates He made several attemrjts to ascend tho plank, and succeeded in getting up, but failed to clear tho toi i eud both ho and his machino came headlong to the ground His machino was broken, and ho was so much hurt that ho lay on tho ground in«ensiblo for two or three minutes Dr Dansey w as fortunately on tho ground, and rendered all the assistanco in his power The doctor expressed his opinion that Davidson was not much hurt, but after recovering his senses it was onlj with the aid of two mon that he waB able to walk acroES the ground to the pav ilion In this contest J? Ewan was the winner of tho first prize, 7 sovereigns, G Ellis, second, 2 sovereigns, nnd Goodndgo third, 1 sovereign A blindfold Hat raco for ono hundred yards was com- peted for bv tvv f nf j -five persons The first prize amounted to 15s , the second5B Tho rato was won in two divisions, the threo (irat m each competing together for tho final hoat Iheso viere-first division S Weller, 1, A Bistablo, 2, R Isaacs, 3 Second divisi»n A Mihcll, 1 T Monning, 2, A Selwyn, ¿ In tho final heat 1 Manning uimo in winner, touching tho Bellman in 1 minuto 20 Féconds A Mihell came in second Another blindfold race- rolling tho barrel for ono hundred jards, had also to bo run in two division», togothor con sisting of twenty throe competitors lhis event ocaasioned considerable amusement, from tho fact of the con (cstintB wheeling their barrels in every direction but the ono necessary to secure their winning tho prizes In tho final heat, R Tuby succeeded in earning off tho first prize, lös , and A Mitchell tho second, 6s Tho moat interesting ovent on tho card was tho bicycle one milo handicap flat race, m which eleven competitors alurted Tho prizes wero £3, £1, and 10s Tho vehicles presented nveiv pretty and gay appearonco as thoy spod ovu the ground A considerable amount of skill in tho nianogenunt of these Bomowhat curious looking carnagos waflditpliyed by the various riders, and scarcely a singlo uptüt occurred Eleven slurted Robertson s Alfred (100 yurdi-) carno in the. winner by about twenty yards, A Steel B Red Jacket (HO j ords) carno in second, md G Elliss Tommy Dodd (200 yards) carno in third iho milo was run m4ninuteB 48 seconds A flat raco 150 varón, fur be ya under 15-first prize, 1 sovereign, »eeend, 10s , third, 6B -was competed bj ten youths S Wolltr cunio IU fust, fe McarcB second, and H Thompson third llieri weie fourteen competitors in a 150 yards ii it ruco (h indicap), the prizes tor which wero £2, £1, and 10s r Howe won, G A Tioldiag carno in second, and R Hay is third This was ft splendid raco, tho time occu pied bciDg only 16} seconds 1 bo sixth raco on tho pro- gramme was u three milo walk (hindicap), tho prizes being £3, £1, und tOs M Cleary (GO yards) carno in iii st, C B ri6bcr(100 Jurds), second, and E Sanbrook (300) jnrds, third. Iho timo occupied was only 24 minutos 3o secoi d» Amongst tho ov ents w as a steeplechase (h indicap), enco round the ground, ov er BIX hurdles, and a water jump The piues wero £3, £1, and 10s Seven competitors stmted T Ferguson (scratch) carno m Hist, T Manning (10 jards) eeeonl, and A Pyko (lOyirds) third Tho runners kept so well together that in crossing to the last hurdle, tho first maa caught it with his foot, and four or fivo ethers, who had taken tho leap almost simultaneously, (ami with great forcoon it and broke it complotoly down Ibij tcriimblcd up again unhurt, and ran tho winner rrett} cloto A private match-grand handicap walk, for cne u ile, for £5-was competed for by YV Jones (scratch) and J Jones (125 yards). J Jones won by about forly j ard", feoing over tho course in 9 minutes 1 Boconas In tbo thico quarters of a milo handicap flat raco, ninotcen ewuietiiors stirled C Baker (70 yards) won tho fust in o £2 and V Blickmon tho second ii Iho list event èuu e oil ubout 6 o clock Tho German Band wera in ntleudenco tho whole of tho afternoon, ond played a good t lteticn of u UBÍC Tho sports wore all under tho rules and iLinagement of tbo Albert Sports Committee Mr ( eor"e CurtiB, performed tho dutieB of starter In his usual eibueit manner, and Mr R Toeco actod as judge Cni NIGHTRsriGB AI«D Son KITCHEN, 535, KEM bTiiiEr SOUTH-Tho following aro tho statistics of this instituí ion fir tho month of Jonuary -Meals given during tbo ruonlh, 3565 separate mghta shelter afforded, 704 , eituilione obtained for men and women, 30, avi-rngo nun 1er lo dinner daily, 75 , avorago number staying on tho prill ure, 20, admissitns obtained to hosiital forö, out dooi nduo for hospital gue11 to 3 > m nf-eiBtedui tho countrj, 4 , garments, boots, &o; , givon to 12 Funi ty asslsíunco given to families , a homo »as ob- tained foi woman withmfsnt, and mediunes obtained for; a number Buffering from lockness, ACCIDENT -About 11 o'clock on Saturday foranooa an accident occurred to John Simmons, a batir, rosidine m Campbell afrcot. Surry Hills, *hioh rosultod in a Wura of (ho kg It appeared that a horao being driven br Simmonain a spring cart along Put street South, whilo near tho Female Kofugo bolted The driver kent h scat for eomo time ana allompled to pull the animal uo but when near tho police station ho jumped ofT and received the injun alluded io Tho herso was stoppoa on. joBilotko Benevolent Asv lum Ihomnn waB oonvlyod to tho Infnmary by constable Kourko wheio ho ¡fas admittod Bouoioitoi DAIUIXOTON - Mr Thomas S JonoB and' Mr Michael Dohorlj havo been dulj oloctod auditors for thin borough for tho enRUing mumcip»l year .THE ANGIICAS CIIUHCH vr WAOOA WAOOA "-la a paragraph headed as ubovo, in our issue of Fobrmry I (hero is an erratum in tho printing of tho last Bontoncó from (ho V agga paper Inst nd of " Tho Bishop of Goul- burn concludes with (ho hopo that the ohurohwardona of this diBlnot will look upon it as a duty and a pmilogo to support tho ministrations of tho Church in their midst," tho f enfonça should havo boon printod thus _"The Bishop concludes with tho hopo that tho lait> of this district, Si OUTS AT BOTÁIS -Tho to'pedo explosion, which through a flaw in tho cabio that carried tho olootnoity from tho Bhoro, becamo a fuiluro on Aunivorsary Dav, was brought fo a successful termination on Saturday afternoon last, at Botany , tho VOBBOI which was blown up, tho Kover s Brido, being moored in the bay at a distinco of 1100 yordB from tho shoro By making the affair a com ptoto BUCCCBB, Mr King, tho secretary of tho sports, has kept fnilh with (ho public Punctually at n quarter piat 4 o clock Iho fupo connected with tho torpedo was ¿rod and the result exceeded tho most sanguino expectations of tho 1 romoterB, an i no doubt also of thoso by whom it wa.9 wit- nessed In tho doomed vessel vveio Btorol 500 Ibä of gun- powder m three eeporato purdon«, each of which was con- nected by branch «ires with the biltcrj Theso branob. wires diverged from tho rnnin cable at eomo du. Innco from tho Bhoro and wero simultaneously Uro J T he pewder was confined under tho hatches Tho exploBnn was caused bj means of on apparatus excite 1 bj pormmoat iiifi(,netism Tho inBtnntanoous result of tho transmission of the olectrio current waB n tremendous report accompiniod bv an extended upheaval of tho sea in tho neighbourhood Broken spars, picas of wood, non, &o; , wore thrown to a height of »bout twenty feet Tho explosion, whioh ia said to Lavo been rathei heavily felt at tho Halfway Houao was witnessed bj soveral Bcientificgentlemon, nndthoao arrange ments thnt wero of »n electrical charada wero conducted by a wellknown electrician from Sydney Bcforo tho ex 1 losion look placo, nnd earlier m the dnj tho visitors from ¡sydney, to tho number of over six hundred, spent tho timo in the pleasure grouodB attachod to the Su Joseph Banka, Hotel, which now bear n most refreshing appoarancc. The next item in point of importance on the programme was the following - A grand trotting match for two miles, in harness, for £30 between Mr J. McCahon's b. m. Poppet, and Mr S. Ross's ch. m. Ladybird. The race, which excited much interest was won by Ladybird. A clog danco between James lvell^ (champion), and Janie» Gibson, for pri/cs given by (ho proprietor, was won by tho luttci The sporls concluded by n walking match against timo by Gleeson for fivo miles Ho performed his tiak by arriving at the flniahinir post at the expiration of tho specified time-half an hour FEOVIF s CoscFim-A Inrgo audi»nc>, ns usual, patronised tho weekly concert given by the Sons of Tompo rnnco on Saturdaj ovonmg in tho Temperance Hill, Tho chair was occupied by Mr (J King, M L A Tha programme comprised songs, concerted pioc s and rooita tions, thus giving variety to the ontertunrncnt To the, Bingors who usually taUo part in these concerts, thoro was the addition of Mrs Coonor. A boy named Maclean was BIEO introduced to tho auaienco, and Bing, with oxcollont effect, a Gong entilled ' After tho battle mother 1 or hw Eonj,, "Man tho Lifeboat, Mr Andrew 1 airfax was oncorod, and ho acknowledged tho compliment by singing " Tho pilot s daughter, Jane Several other pieces wero sang vtiy nicelv, notnblj n quarrell, entitled "To the groat Lord bj Mi«s James, Miss Martin and Moosi » Andrew 1 airfax and Kenn and a duot, ' Flow gently Dev a,' by Messrs Androw Tairfax and Jackson Mr Camoron's comic recitations ciuscd much nierrnnent Mrs Caldwell I resided at the piano Ti E FKISCE or WALE» OPFRA HOI E - HERR BAND MASX AS HAMLFT -Throughout the wholo list of Shaka perirn creations, nono havo provoked moro discussion, and none havo been more deeply studied, than the character of tho Princo of Denmark, Compared-in the original-with its fellows, tho play stands out with a \ rommence that nona enn gainBav Ita piofound philosophv has furnished food for tho minda of the deepest thinkers of the age ita lan- guage is moro frequently quoted by the orator, and is found more largelj in tho " housohold words of every Anglo Saxon community than any play extant It seems some- what etiango that Shnkospenan biographers and commen- tators have not been ablo to fix the date of the first repre- sentation of Hamlet, although tho date of its first nppear nnco in print IB definitely fixed as 1C03 From that time down to the prosent it has been at the mercy of stiigû adaptors Sir William Davenant ia supposed io have been ono of tho first to make emen- dations and excisions-a course which even Garrick'»; protCBt could not prevent otheis from following Cibbor, kembla, and Iv.ean ara each responsible for alterations, and from them tho stage of tho present day has received its traditional Hamlet Tho Shakesperian student, who, even within the present decade, happened to visit a theatre for the first time, and saw " Hamlet played, might well feel astonished at what had been done with the original. Protests from the learned, and adverse criticisms from tho Press were over by managers and stars, none of whom wore bold enough to become innovators To be the first to dis- regard the number of steps Hamlet had to make in reach ing a certain point on the stage, or the number of passes with Laertes, was to do violence to tho drama Those who, with reverence, clung to tho stage Hamlet handed down, from year to vear, and from " star to alar," re- cently witnessed new conceptions of the charaoter nnd havo boon compelled to acknowledge that Ihe popular verdict has been in favour of tho changos. Mr fletcher staked his reputation when ho first osaayorl a new reading of the part, but in doing so ha also provoked plavgoers to read Shakspero for themselves, and maka comparison between tho antique and modern Hamlets« That (ho popular verdiot was in favour of tho modern odmits of no cavilling All the great actors aeon in Australia hav o essayed tho part with varied success Their stage buBinesa, with ono or two exceptions, was alike, although eemo of the points wero differently made Soma presented a character bristling at all points with staginoss, otheiB delineated oj outh prono to teai s and incessant uso of his pockothandkerchief Herr Bandmann has given a very different version of Hamlot Ho has dared to act and think for hmioolf, to depict his own ideal of tho character Tor an actor to win such applauBa as he received on Saturdaj night is eomothing to ba proud of It v\ as not merely the expression of gratification conveyed by clapping of hands, but round« of "bravos" given with a heartiness that must havo shown unmis takeablj that ho had achieved a genuine sucoess Tho language was spoken as purely as the moBt fastidious teacher of the vernacular could WIBU, the elocution fault- less, and both action and by-play strikingly appropriate. Tho new actor ia evidently eomothing moro than a mora plover ho is a Shakpperian éludent, who has read and thought foi himtolf, ard ucts his own conception with wondrous powe . Ho has presented a Hamlet (but, "bv tho book,' will bear analjsia lha ojentng of tho first act was onlj notioeablo bj the warmth of the plaudna which markod Herr Band- mann B cnlreo, thouuh tho i îanncr in which ho went throueh tho Bceno with tho Queen (Mra Jonoa) at onco claimed the attention of those who wont to witness tho per- formance merely from niotivn of curiosity and propirod tbem for Iho triumph ho mt rw irds secured Tho way in which he rendered tho Bolilu JUV , ' 0, that this too, too solid flcth, ' was tho first thing that waa specially gojd His business was all new-ono very notjcoablo feature being ia the fehoht (¡cone, w hero Horatio seeks to detain him Aftor driwinf, bibswoici, tho wa nin0a of his companions chook hiB /cul to follow tho bLost, and mBtoad of following with his sword drawn in tho Ubiial stj lo, makes his exit with tho croea hill bcfoio him OB a protection against o\ ii The next pceno-that on tho ramparta-was eomowhat marred by lniffcctivo lifeht«, but tho audienco wero too deeply cnLiosbcd in the actor to notico details Iho second net waa played with increased effect, eaoh suc- ceeding speech blinking actor and his auditors on botfr tetniB Tho play eceno wos "set in a manner ontiroly sow to tho Syilnoy boaide, and waa a faithful roproduotion of tha lino eng avine; issued by the London Art Union lu 1869 Tho sceno which follow s revives a portion of tho original text It has beun usual to doprct tho King with- out a fctark of lemorao, but SJLiksporo did nit so dopiofc him Tho se no whuh follows" t'iu play' givoBboth tin King (Mr H Uovvnj) and Hrmlet effeotivo businoas. Iho foi mci giving utterance to feolings of repent- ance-tho latter diadamin" *o tako the opportunity «Horded of rovencmg his fftthf r s death by aSBaaainotiou. Other delineators havo chosen to torgot that tho author in ttndsto Bhow that the King was not without momenta of remorse, and havo excised the ep ech "Oh, my offanceia rank " The sceno and speech seem both to bo too import- ant to the plot to bo Ignored at tho moro capneo of any actor Tho clOEot Bcono was another novelty Instead of ino usual panelled chamber, it waa an atrvngod boudoir, divided by an arras from an oraforj, in which, when tia scene opened, fho Queen was discovered pr*yin?. Behind this arraB it is that PoloniuB meow his death, inBtead of the Btereotjped position ii one of tho wings. And when sUbbod ho is seen to fall at tho foot of the altir Iho walls are orna- mented with lifo-si¿ed figures of Danish kings-thoso of Hamlet's father and his unolo ocupj rag tho front positi a on oppoBito sides, and serving Hamlet uisteal of tho medal- lions when doolaiming upon tho nluaa of tho ono and tha vices of tho other Tho enfianco of tho ghost through tha panel on which tho fit uro of tho lt^inde is painted, nt tha moment that Hamlet u fier oly upbraiding tho original, had a startling effect. Tho wholo scene waa roplsto with, merit, every point waa brought out with a mastcr hnnd, and evoked a furoro of npilauae Tho nubau quont sceno presented aidifionul cwdenco of Herr Ba_u' ninnn u skill us an actor i nd his Bchol iBtio research Ten colloquy willi the grnva digger, tho intorvi w with Laottec, nnd the highly v ought oniwp of the duel eceno, woro »J full of point as of novil y A« a finale, Hurr B ndmvnn iLncres htafc, tridit OJ for Snalripe c, and, inatood of oal mg the pliij nasr-nialicn novelu a usuallj get rid of thoir c1 oroclerB by inurJe- vvbolosulc, 1 ortinbra» ia rovivod, a a the Sjdncy uudienco loirn for tho fust time what becamo »£ tho 6ui cr ferr to tha Danish Clown Herr Bandmann s «'Hamlet" will live in tho trad'tiona of tho Australim (.tnco long after I ¡ceo who WIIJ-M sslit havo passed awov;. It i» a pichiró f I if to rcni-wiih Brooke s "Othellok J Kcan'B " Lou.1» M usJ / u.dersou'8, " Corwknus^" 