i Tt ?! DEFINITION OF THE DOGMA. j Za ';..!;': OF INFALLIBILITY. I ' ' (From the labtet.) '' ,^ July ,22.— The Public Session of , the Vatican Council and the solemn definition j !,. r, of the dogma of the Papal Infallibility was , j;, held, as the telegraph will have ere this Lo informed you, on Monday the ? 18th. Every effort was made by the opposition ( to obtain a delay and to throw obstacles. ',' ! There were, however, many noble excep : ' , ;tions . to this line of action, and among if:h- others the Archbishop of Rheims, who had : ; i voted Non Placet at the last General Con j '??'?'? gregation, resolved on giving ins diocese !;',: 'r- the edification of his public adherence to 1 the dogma. Of the English Bishops in ', f Borne all, with one exception, were pre , sent and gave their public vote in the 0 ;;Aula. Monday, the 18th of July, 1870, a day ever memorable in the history of : the Church, is marked in the Roman 1 ' calendar as the Feast of S. Symphorosa of !; Tivoli and her seven sons,; of S. Rufillus, Bishop of Pampeluna, among the many '. '.!..;' glories of the Church of Spain, whose de ':? fence of the Christian faith against the ? -'? : Arians at the Council of Rimini is memo y:| ' rable ; of S. Frederic, Bishop and Martyr, ^:!i of S. Ennodius, Deacon of Rome, the principal incident of whose ministry is his Apology for Pope S. Symmachus, written .'.! at the demand of the Bishops assembled ? in Council in 503. It was under the /.invocation of these glorious servants and defenders of God's truth, and its appointed guardian, the Roman Pontiff, and that of ';. v our Lady of Mount Carmel, being the third day of her octave, that the Fathers of the First Council of the Vatican entered the Basilica of S. Peter for one of the most solemn acts of faith the Church has accom plished since the Council of Nicse. The morning was dull and cloudy, but long before the gates had opened the faithful were waiting in theperistyle and on thesteps i of S. Peter in order to secure a place in front, if possible, of the open doora of the Aula ; the uncertainty which had prevailed up to a late hour on Sunday as to the arrange ments having unfortunately rendered it too late to take down the whole front of the construction as was done at the three .'.'.. first public sessions. The procession was dispensed with, and the Cardinals, Bishops, and Generals of Orders entered in groups and took their places on arriving in the Aula to await the coming of the Pope. All were vested in red, as the colour of the Holy Ghost, and wore white mitres. The procurators of dispensed and excused ?:;? Bishops and the theologians attached to ! i the Pontifical commission and those of the ' Bishops occupied the upper galleries. The 1 royal gallery had one occupant, and that a woman ; the Infanta Dona Isabella of Portugal. The representatives of France, Austria, and Prussia had received i orders from home on the previous day to absent themselves; but : Belgium, Holland, Portugal, the Helvetian Republic, and those of New Spain were ,, present, and so (if I am not in error) was i Mr. Odo Russell, to whose honourable con duct during the Council it is only just to render testimony as contrasting with the '' Miserable intrigues of too many of his regularly appointed colleagues of the Corps 'Diplomatique in Rome. The various .;. groups of Bishops were watched with great t interest as they, passed into the Aula, and the greatest joy was evinced when one who \- had been reckoned among the forces of the , opposition was seen to enter. The Arch Tbishop of Rheims1 arrival was greeted with ' the greatest delight by all the French Catho lics in the crowd, I need scarcely say with what pride and hope for England's future ;as a Catholic nation we watched the Fa thers of our beloved churches of Beverly, Plymouth, Hexham, and Birmingham ; the ' perfect wreath' of the Scottish Vicars Apostlic, not one of whom has faltered in his allegiance to Rome ; the faithful Irish ,; Episcopate, and that of the Englishspeak : ing colonies as they successively took their ' places. Many were absent, too, whose hearts were with their brethren in the Aula, Distance, old age, sickness, urgent home duties had recalled many, but they \ '-* were united in prayer and act with those 'who remained. The Hungarian Bishops were absent, with one or two exceptions, as were Cardinals Schwartzenberg, Raus cher, Hohenlohe, and Mathieu ; Cardinal Rauscher, however, as well as Cardinal Mathieu and Mgr. Ketteler of Mayence, have declared their adhesion to the deci «k-ns of the Council, and their example will be extensively, we may hope univer sally followed, on the return of the Bishops to their dioceses. The Pope entered from the Gregorian chapel where he had pre viously vested. He wore the crimson cope and white mitre proper to the office of the Holy Spirit, and was surrounded by his household, by the great officers of State, and the Swiss and Noble Guard. He ascended the throne, placed in the apse of the Aula and exactly opposite the Altai where the Mass of the Holy Ghost was celebrated by Cardinal Barili before the Pope's arrival. The Holy Father having assumed his seat, Mgr. Fessler performed the opening ceiemony of the Public Session, that of placing the holy Gospels on the desk erected for that purpose on the Altar. The Ambone was also restored to its place in the centre of the Aula. The invocatory prayers were then recited by the Holy Father, the Can tors of the Sixtine choir chaunting the antiphons. Then followed the Litany of the Saints, in which all joined, the re sponses being taken up by the dense crowd without with magnificent effect. When the invocations on the Estates of the Church and on the Holy Synod occurred, the Pope rose to his feet and gave the solemn benediction on the assembly holding his pastoral cross, and recited the conclud ing prayers and responses. The Gospel according to St. Matthew, chapter 16, which treats of the confession of the Divi nity of our Lord made by St. Peter, was then solemnly chanted by Cardinal Capalti, and the Veni Creator was intoned, the entire assembly both within the Aula and in the Basilica joining in the chant with wonder ful power and correctness. Mgr. Fessler having then placed the decree about to be promulgated in the hands of the Pope, his Holiness consigned it to Mgr. Valenziari, Bishop of Fabriano, who ascending the ambone, read the first dogmatic constitu tion, ' De Ecclesia,' which has been trans mitted to you several days since, and then interrogated the Fathers in the following terms : ' Reverendissimi Patres, placentne vobis Decreta et Canones qui in hac Con stitutione continentur?'' During this, the most solemn and impressive part of the ceremony, the heavy clouds which had been hanging over Rome since dawn broke in a most awful temptest of thunder, hail, and lightning, close to the Vatican. No thing could surpass the terrible grandeur of the scene. The dim capolas, the darken ing Aula, lighted up at intervals by the vivid lightning that flashed athwait its mass of shadows, and brought into temporary relief its majestic groups of priestly figures, their flowing crimson robes, and snowy mitres ; and, above all, the one stately figure pre-eminent above the crowd, round whose venerable head the lightning seemed to play with renewed vigour, lighting up its fixed and beautiful expression of calmness and courage. None who saw Pius IX that day and at that mo ment can ever forget his face ! None who heard the fury of the storm but recalled the first coming of the Holy Ghost in the sound of a mighty wind rushing through the Cenacle and pi'eceding the great calm which fell upon the Apostles. Placet after Placet succeeded each other till about sixty votes were taken, when a Non Placet was given, that of Mgr- Th'™^ TKahop of Ca jazzo, Sicily. Then followed another long succession of affirmative votes, which was closed by a Non Placet proceeding from Mgr. Fitzgerald, Bishop of Littlerock. TJrfci, making the second on a vote of 535 Fathers present. It was now the moment for the Holy Father to give his sanction and confirmation of the decree, without which it could have no force as part of the dogmatic teaching of the Church, and he did so in the following form : — ' Decreta et canones, qui in constitutione modo lecta continentur, placuerunt omnibus Patribus, duobus exceptis : Nosque, sacro approbante conoilio, ilia et illos ita ut lecta sunt, defi nimus et Apostolica auctoiitate confirma mus.' A tremendous flash lighted up the Basilica as the Pope concluded, and.fell, as we afterwards heard, in Via Monserrato : a peal of thunder, loud as if the heavens and earth had come together, shook St. Peter's, and supplied all need of' the salvoes of St. Angelo. The words of the Golden Legend occurred to many of us, in the magificent scene where the baffled de mons are described as raging round the cross of the Cathedral — Aim your lightnings at the oaken, massive, iron. studded portals. Ob, we cannot; ; the Apostles and the Martyrs, wrapt in mantles, — ?'» ? ????? ? Stand as warders at the entrance ; stand as sen tinels o'erhead. And when as it seemed the powers of the air has spent theii fury in vain the words of the Vicar of Christ were echoed by a burst of rejoicing so fervent, so universal, and so jubilant that the Basilica rang with it. From within the A ula, fi om the hushed and awestruck crowd gathered round the Confession of the Apostles, from the dense multitude that thronged apse and nave and transept, the shout of triumph arose again and again, and it was long before the return of silence permitted the Pope to deliver a very brief and eloquent Allo cution. Nothing could be more majestic or more paternal than his gesture and his voice, and at the close another burst of acclamation echoed his words. The Te Deum was then intoned by the Pope and joined in by a chorus of seventy thousand voices, the entire multitude taking up the alternate verses. The Pope left the Aula by the side door, but some Catholic friends who succeeded in getting a place, in the Chapel of the Blessed Sacrament, and who received his first bles&ing; as Infallible Pontiff, state that he seemed unconscious of fatigue and radiant with joy. 