? - ' KOTES OF THE WEEK. j FltOM THE llTII MAnOU TO THE 18tH MAKCIt. JUn\v weather has now lasted for three weeks, and appears likely still to continue. ¡the Earl of Belmore returned on the Uth instant from Lake George tn Goulburn, and left that town for Throsby Park on the I2th. On the 10th instant, the Wallis Creek flood-gates .cere washed away. On the 11th instant, the river at West Maitland was twenty-eight feet above ita ordinary level. In the afternoon of that day (Friday) the embankment of the Horseshoe Bend was swept away, and much property destroyed. Mr. Broderick, for many years clerk of works and «sistant-engineerat the Fitzroy Dry Dock, Cockatoo Island, lias been appointed to the office of Engineer suire)or, vacant by the decease of Mr. D. C. Dal- gleish. Ihe annual meeting of the South Sydney Company V.R. «as held, laBt 'lhurBday week, in Christ Church schoolroom, Captain Newsham in the chair. Jlr. J. II. Miller, who has occupied the position of Eecretary of some mining companies, and also that of tod and CBtate agtnt, has been missing for some ten da)s past. His disappearance has caused some »rutiety. On the 10th instant, a silver tea service was pre- sented, at Goulburn, to Mr. H. J. West, manager of Jhe blanch Joint Stock Bank. A meeting of the members of the Civil Service was ¿sid on the 11th instant, at the Civil Service Club Bowe, Mncquarie-Btreet North, to consider a petition in reft renee to the Superannuation Bill now before Parliament. A petition was discussed and adopted. Ihe attendance was numerous. A refreshment room is now provided for travellers at the Nattai Railway Station. A bill for the repeal of the Church of England Temporalities Act, introduced by Mr. Buchanan, whs rejected, at the motion for its second reading in the Legislative Assembly, by a majority of 31 to 2. The Bugar crop on the Lower Clarence is reported lobe looking well. The ceremonies connected with the installation of Mr. J. S. Farnell, as Provincial Grand Master of the Iriih Constitution, took place at the Masonic Hall lest Monday afternoon. A Masonic banquet came off in the evening, YVe regret to state (says the Southern Argus) that Mr. H. Hume, of Coma, near Yass, met with an accident on the 8th instant, by which he broke two of his ribs. Under the care of Dr. Campbell, Mr. ¡Hume is now recovering. ?Mr. Hugh Fawcett, Police Magistrate of the Rich- mond River, has been committed for trial for man- slaughter, in the case of Colin Campbell. On Saturday last, the Royal Sydney Yacht Squad ton took a short cruise. The rain fell heavily during the afternoon. ÍOn the 11th instant, at a meeting in tue scnooiroom attached to the Congregational Church, Point Piper Road, a valedictory address was presented to the Rev. Ï.S Forsaith, -who has recently resigned that pastoral charge. Last Sunday afternoon, the dead body of a man, named William Furlong, the owner and driver of the Galatea 'bus, which plies between Waverley and Macquarie-place, was found in the harbour, close to Dawe» Battery On the 10th instant, a man named Patrick Leonard, of Maitland, died trom the tflecta of a fall from a ¡adder The racehorse Charon is dead. Mr Harrj Gooch had a complimentary concert at the School of Arts on Monday evening last Nene of a great flood at Morjborough has been re- ceived m Sydney. Eighteen students have passed the Matriculation Examination at the Bj dney Universitj. On ihe flth instant, a young man, named Hector Ji'Keijyie, was drowned at Broughtons Vale, in Kiama A meeting of persons interested '.in legulating the omnilus Iniftie, was held at the Town. Hall oo. Tuesday^ last ; the M»jur of Sjdney presiding. Nothmg~wns done Some of^ the inhabitants of St. Leonards are desirous of having a Public school in that iscality. There-was a meeting about it thereon the 11th instant The tenth annual meeting of the Yasmar Sabbath school vi as held in St. David's Church, Ashfield, last Friday afternoon, the 11th instant. Mr Milner Stephen's gold-washing machine was ieeted and approved of on Monday last. Many per- sona interested in mining were preBent. The annual general meeting of the University Criike Club y, as held on Monday evening last. Mi Thomas Dulling, for many years a resident of Newcastle, and at one time landlord of the Commer- cial Hotel, Singleton, was lound drowned last Sunday morning in a waterhole in Whyte Paddock, Honey- suckle Point, near Newcastle. Last Monday evening, the Rev. G. H Holmes deli- vered a lecture in the Wesleyan schoolroom, New- town, on " Some presumptive evidences of a Divine levelation." lhere was a numerous audience. Mr. S. C Brown, M L A , occupied the chair. An adjourned Municipal Conference about public house licenses sat, at the Temperance Hall, on Monday laBt, and agreed to a petition to Parhameht cn the s ubi eût. On Sunday evening last, the Rev J. B. M'Cure, who is about leaving the colony for England, preached his farewell sermon in Castlereagh street Strict and Particular Baptist Church, of which he has for the last nine years been the pastor there was a tea and public meeting, at the same place, last Tuesday night The anniversary of the copastorate of the Rev Mr Nairn with the Rev Dr Tullerton, was, last Tuesday evening, celebrated by a tea meeting, held in the Temperance Hall, lhere was a public meeting after n aids An infant child, named Ellen Wilmott, was over- lain by its mother, at a place near Newcastle, on the night of the 11th instant The Attorney-General has declined to prosecute in the case of the Queen v. Starkey, committed irom the Coroner s Court for manslaughter A meeting of the Land and Pastoral Association took place, at the offices of the Society, last Thursday afternoon The Philharmonic Society gave a successful concert, at the Sydney Exchange, last Tuesday night A man named Combo, an aboriginal, was recently drowned at Dungog He was attempting to cross the mer A man, named John Hockey, has been arrested for killing George Cook, at Armidale, a few days since The annual meeting of the New South Wales Auxiliar j of the British and Toreign Bible Soctety was held last Tuesday evening, in the Masonic Hall, Clarence street, his Excellency the Earl of Belmere in the chair The new CemeteneB Bill, on Wednesday last, was slrongh opposed m the Legislative Council at the motion for the second reading. It passed by a majority ofonl) two votes mere is a new ghost story reported from Rock- hampton, which throws all the ghost stories of Kiama into the shade. ThB annual tea and public meeting of the Glebe Island Baptist Chapel took place oa Wednesday evening last, A public meeting on behalf of the Australasian I Wesley an Missionary Society was held, onWednesday ning last, in the Wesleyan Church, Surry Hills. The first anniversary of the opening of the Cin gational Church, in the beautiful suburban district Burwood, has just taken place. There was Divine ?vice there last Sunday, and a public meeting last esday night. 3n Wednesday evening last, a party of gentlemen lembled at Williams's Hotel, Ktng-street WeBt, to tiate a new Bociety, to be called the " Sydney loral Society." - They have secured the valuable »'stance of Herr Carl Schmitt as conductor, à public meeting in connection with the Petersham, mperance Society was held, on Tuesday evening it, m the Congregational Church, Petersham. Ihe picnic to Clontarf, Middle Harbour, came off the 17th instant, in the midst of dismal rain, au nost incessant downpour, far more suggestive of . Snithin than of St. Patrick. A similar affair me off on the same day at Balmoral, with equal ceess. On Sunday morning last (say s the Bathurst Free lew), a child, about four years old, named Asmuth, ling with his aunt, near Mr. Whittaker's, Half ay House, Carcoar Road, was found drowned in a atethole. Early on Saturday morning (says the Newcastle '¡toi), when the wind was blowing heavily from the iuthward, and the sea running high, the chief mate f the schooner Yarra, bound for Newcastle, fell from ¡jejardarm and was drowned. Bamboo.-Nothing that grows is put to so many ßEB as the bamboo. Tts appearance is beautiful j ts shade most grateful. The Chinaman sits under it ad upon it ; he eats it ; he sails iu it and by ' I he is rocked in it ; his furniture is made ef '.! he is buried in it ; he writes upon it and »ith it ¡ he clothes himself with it and spanks he young ones with it. In fact, the " graceful )«n>boo " is as useful as it is ornamental. A Mompnt oi' Tnniion -An exciting scene took place in a ball-room during the past Bummer, some- where inNew Jerpey Among theperooiiBpresent was a 5our)g lady who nad a great horror of snakes, and after dancing awhile, she seas greatly alarmed hy feel- ing a sensation, as though a serpent had fixed itself beneath the folds of her dress Cirasping the head of the monster tightly in her graBp, she screamed aloud for assistance A hasts, consultation among the calm- est of the ladies was held, when it was determined that Dr Tinson, who was present, should be called to their assistance He was quickly on the spot, and being a man of uncommon courage, he was not many moments with the circle of weeping and half fainting femaleB, before he had caught the tale ot the snake, and wound it broil) around his hand, telling Miss M that she must let go the moment he jeiked, and to make the act as instantaneous as possible, he told her that he would pronounce the words one, two, three, and that at the moment he pronounced the last word, si e must let go her hold, and that he doubted not he could withdtaw the snake before it would have time to strike All stood in breathless horror, awaiting the act of life or death, and the moment the words were pronounced the Dr jerked out the longest and most diabolical looking bustle that was es or seen in New Jersey Ihe -whole affair was soon explained, the fastening of the machine had become loose during the dancing and it had shifted ita position m such a way that it dangled about, and induced the belief that it was a snake, tsith an enormous head Ihe doctor fell right do sin in his tracks, and-he did ' Tur Bj ron affair has produced some strange stories, but none so curious ns that recently committed to the Madras Mail by " Qidipus," who, with regard to his "ttue story," states that his "father had it from one of Lord Byron's most intimate friends." From so many sources we have heard that on his wedding day Bj ron told his wife she had married "a devil," that the woids are accepted aB true. But '* Odipus " avers they were physically accurate. He writes: " Lord Byron was, in a Bcnse, a devil. Incredible as the thing may seem to the thoughtless, the hand- somest niau in England had a small tail, a pair of ru- dimentary horns, and short, squab feet divided forward from the instep into two parts instead of being fur- nished with toes. Before he had been born his mother had been once greatly terrified by seeing, when in a very delicate state of health, the celebrated picture of Satan Spurned, in the gallery at La Haye, and the result had been the fashioning of her child to some extent after the monstrous form of which the sight caused her alarm, and of which the continuous recollection could not be effaced by any meanB known to her physicians. At the time of her confinement it was at first suggested that the monstrosity should not be suffered to live, but the child's body, as a whole, was so perfectly shaped, and his face so wondrously beautiful, that the suggestion was forthwith put aside, and England was not deprived of what was to become in due time one of ils chiefest ornaments. Poor Lady Byron never recovered wholly from the Bhock caused by her discovery of what her husband really "was and partly through excess of imagination partly in coneequence of bad advice from persons who shall be nameless, she felt it to be her duty to insist upon her husband subjecting himself to certain painful operations. But this Lord Byron obstinately refused to do. He urged, and with considerable force," that the peculiar manner in which he wore his abundant curls effectually hid from view the rudimentary horns; and that as he never appeared in public without his boots nnd trousers, none would ever suspect the existence of his other defects, with the exception of his valet in whom he placed implicit confidence. Lord Byron was finn, and unhappily Lady Byron would not give way ; and so it came to pass, after a year or more of tears, entreaties, and remonstrances, that the unfortunate woman mad* up her mind to quit her home for ever. lins, I am absolutely certain, is the true story of Lord lis ron s separation from his wife" What ss ill this noisome controsersj next produce The '' true storj " of ' (Xdipu8 ' looks like the result, upon a toarse mind, of unlimited brandy pasvnee. Accommodating -Speaking of undertakers, a well knossn member of the iraternitj is established next door to a popular Us er j stable, and one day an indi ?wehial popped in, and accosting the first person he sass ssho was not the proprietor, Baid " Can I get an open buggy here - ' " No, sir," said the interrogated, " sse has en't got a buggy, but-(pointing to a hearse which stood at the door)-sse can accommodate you with a skeleton waggon '" rurQUBNTiA -An editor out West says he is so short sighted that he frequently rubs out with his nose what he s\rites with his pencil. M Lecocq, of Clermont-Ferrand, has discosered a tremulous automatic motion in the leaves of the .' colocasia esculenta " These movements ditter from those of the sensitive plant in being perfectly spont^neou11, and independent of all external causea 