Miscellaneous. mi } ftet will and testament of the late Carli8le i8 dated 5 ' Wshop 2, months before his death. It is pre- /pA with these words :—" This is the fft will and testament of Samuel Wsldeave Bishop of Carlisle. I desire, in Sp first place to testify that I die in Ihe faith of Christ crucified, and as a siner saved by grace alone, humbly trustee, in the blood and righteousness of my T^rd and Saviour Jesus Christ, and in the assurance of that eternal and unlanceable love of the Father, the Son, tnd the Holy Ghost, one triune God, ffbich it; tas beeu »y joy an<i Q^o^ hare been permitted to proclaim throughout my beloved diocese whenever^ I had the opportunity, and whose doctrines, as *t,ey have been my comfort in life, are now my stay and support in the prosit of death and eternity." < gj rj' eaid en old Scotch woman to her minister, ' I aidna ken a pairt o' your sermon yesterday.' ' Indeed 2 What ffBB it ?'—' Tou eaid the apostle used the figa 1 "® of circumlocution ; and I dinna ^n what it means.' ' Is that all ?' said ite minister, 1 It's very plain. The figure ri circumlocution is merely a periphrastic of diction.' « Oh! oh! is that all ?' jjud the good woman. ' "What a puir fool I were not to understand that !' The evidence adduced at the inquest held before Dr. Mueller, on Monday last, 011 the body of Michael Welch, murdered St Indigo Creek, disclosed a shocking ' state of morality. In the first place there was the fact of the murder itself. The two men—Byley and deceased—quarrelled when the former beat the latter to death, a little girl'four years of age, (Welch's daughter) standing by a portion of the time. While the htisbfl c d and father was lying dying from the injuries he had received, the wife and mother came to his assistance drunk, but went awav again—as she states to get another bottle of wine. The man died, and was left lying by the side of the log, covered with a blanket ; at his feet were his two children, and near him was his wife lying helplessly drunk. The whole affaii is a sad commentary on the moral .condition of many of the wanderers ! through the buBh fit also says but little j lor the humanity of the residents of the . ,r u i Ti • u EE 6ehborhooa. It is shocking to think . T 1 • i u *V 1 1 that n nuinau l<eiug snould. nave been • fdiowi 'i !<> lie sweltering in the sun dying mid as little cared ior as a bullock wiiii-li hid dropped down dead the uike. A c-iiitenipoiary gives the following timi.lv advice tf. farmers :—" As the hot te-suu uiivuiu;es w ith its certainty of bush ir<-s. farmers cannot use too much caution or adupt to many means for preventing tiit spread of conflagrations and mitipuiiiig their results. The ground round Uir ttneiis should either be occupied by ^.Kit c:;>p, or perfectly free to the width « ciuun or so of any dry material, liktre to act as a communication in the {•£ss oi a running fire. In grain districts if uill be advisable not to build more (ASZJ two stacks in one spot, leaving room between tliGm just sufficient for the tiirasiiing machine, and the engine ought tola furnished with one of the spark Schei e, now so complete in their action Vi'lien slacks are built in their ov.-n stubbles and intended to remain thtrc a fev months tho plough ought to be set i 1 as quickly as possible after it is up. This season the stubble will have more silver grass than usual and we need not speak of the speed of a running fire in 6Ui;h. material. Patent matches ought he used generally throughout the country." A funny etory comes from America of i a lady who, for fun, advertised for a j husband. She gave a general description | of her charms, but was rather particular ; as to her means. She suoke spoke of a stiuor< snug little fortune. Enough : she received an enormous number of replies, and laid her plans accordingly. Assisted by five other ladies she wrote to all the eager swains. £he proposed to each a meeting in a Broadway r,estaurant. Each was to be dressed in a rather marked manner, to assume a certain attitude, to be eating a certain rathGr eccentric and ignoble dish. Meanwhile the lady arranged with her friends to dress all alike, in the costume indicated to the suitors in the letters sent ' them, and to present themselves one by one at the appointed rendezvous. The plot was carried out and succeeded. Great was the gathering of suitors in costume, attitude, and gustatory occupation strictly according to order. Very intently did each appiy himself—unconscious of proximity to others whose minds were similarly occupied—in the particular action by which he was to be recognised, and great of course was the amusement of the ladies who sat watching them. At last when five and finally the sixth lady l n the notified costume arrived, it flashed upon the astonished suitors that they had been 6old, and so without a word they ®ade for the door. It was with difficulty and slowly that tht.y got their money teken and departed, leaving the six la- ^iesiu fits of merrv laughter, and the Proprietors, and waiters in as great a state oi wonderment at their departure as had been, thrown into on their arnval. At an inquest recently held at Hamilon the body of a child a few days sfeit transpired that drops of gin had teeV administered to the child. The J^v attached a rider to their verdict condemning the practice of giving spirits to young children. The new training institution in connec- ^ with the Board of Education, will °pen on Monday next. Applications to ®&terthe; institution must be made in ^iting, addressed to Mr. B. F. Kane, secretary of the board. On Friday • ® Tth inst., those who desire to enter, have not already passed, must pre- ® 9 &t; themselves at 10 a.m. to undergo the e n trance examination. Private letters have been received Mr. Sturt by the last mail, in which ^at gentleman states that ha will return 1 . wlony eithtr by the mail steamer 8-ving in Januarv or by the 6teamsliip •T^rsetehire, so that he may be expected « Melbourne daring the month of March "oahjB arrival will no doubt be a source of On the afternoon of Thursday a very distinct and very curious mirage waa observable from WarrnamboolT savs the Adverser.' .. Looking westward, Julia Percy Island, distant forty mUes was clearly discernable, high above the honzon—high above theeand hummocks ±he effect was visible for over an hour and then a rising haze ended the phenomenon." * An accident occurred to Mr. W. H. Mott, of Warrnambool, on Christmas Day at a pic-nic party there, through which it is feared he will lose sight of one if not both of his eyes. Whilst drawing the cork of a lemonade bottle, the bottle burst, and a piece of glass cut a deep gash in his forehead, Tkile the cork struck the eye ball with such force, that it is feared the sight has been destroyed. A meeting of the members of the Loyal Liberal Association resident at Footscray is to be held at the Town Hall on an early date. The objects are stated to be :—" To strengthen and protect public opinion as expressed through the ballot box, from the aggressions of faction and monopoly ; to vindicate and defend the right o£ the people govern the country in such manner as the majority may determine for the general welfare ; to consider and respect the opinions of the minorities, bu: to resist; their avowed attempts at supremacy. To protect, the registry from fraud and fagot votes ; to get the names of honest and intelligent men as representatives of the people, and to lessen the expenses attendant on elections." The programme adopted by the association may be stated as follows :— 1\. Abolition of State-aid to religion ; 2. The establishment of a national system of secular education. 3. The carrying out of the land policy of the M'Cuiloch Administration. 4. A protective policy. 5\. Judicious immigration. 6. Reconstruction of electoral districts and amendment of the Electoral Act. 7. Postal and departmental reform. 8. Payment of members of Parliament. 9\. A national bank. Dr. Fayrer continues his experiments Indian suakes, and the ' Iudian Medical f^T' ^ eT a i c D ° t t "^9 t0 Polish them but J " 1 ' r e s u l t . No a.mdote "as 3'et been aiscovered lor the the bite of 1 1 • T I- 8aak«is:u lnaia siot even the injection of ammonia. On this subject the ' Calcutta Englishman suggests that as Dr. Halford and other well knowu doctors in Australia have pronounced so deeidedlv in favor of ammonia as a specific for the cure of the bite of the tiger-snake, it might be w el] worth while to seud to that country a few cobras f> ascertain if the remedy will be as effectual with their poison, some tiger snakes being sent to this country for the same purpose. Here the ammonia has proved as ineffectual as other remedies, but with so many authorities in its fa,-.-7 i: is certainly worth further trials." The ' Church of England Messenger settles the question of Spiritism off-hand. It pronjutices the phenotnona recently produced here to b^ ideuiicai with the divination sorcery and witchcraft piactis?d bv the anc-ieutj-, and dftuoiiHoes ail concei-nod in the matter as the agents of the devil. We believe," it saya, " that the Spiritism of America and Victoria differs in no essential particular from the ancient divination of Egypt, Chaldea, Canaan, and other heaven lands, or from the modern magic of various parts of Asia. The phenomena which are said to be produced, and the means of producing them, appear to us similar to, if not precisely the same with, those of the ct'-vmers, wizards and magicians spoken oI in t,i e Bible. If, then, we be asketl iu what light we should regard Spiritism those who practise it, we reply—m- ' actlv as the Israelites were taught to tegard divination and the workers ol magical arts. We do not think it wise to pronounce the whole thing to be an imposture, because, if challenged to prove the charge, we might not be able to convince gainsayers. Moreover, it does not practically concern us to determine whether the phenomena which the adduce as their credentials are true or false. That which is important for us distinctly to recognise, and bear in mind, is that whether or not these modern sorcerers consciously hold communication with the spirits, they are really agents of the great evil spirit, employed bj' him to deceive men to their destruction." The Economist strongly advocates the step of establishing a Mutual Farmer's Insurance Company, in which every occupier ought to have an interest through the purchase of shares, and adds :—Let them be their own insurers. There is less capital required to start a company of this character than many imagine. We dare to say that not one farm in two thousand suffers from fire during the year ; and under the present system of improved culture the proportions will j be smaller. The opening up of new roads j the establishing increased accommodaj tion for travellers (thus doing away with j the necessity for ramping plAces), all j tend to decrease the chances ior fires. There is another reason why farmers should insure in a Mutual Protection Company ; 6very policy holder will have an interest in bis neighbor's property, where all insure- A fire in his neighborhood will be of individual interest to him. If caused by a vagabond incendiary it will be every farmer's direct interest to discover him. All inquests will be formed out of the proprietary, and the private character of every landholder forwarding a proposal will 1>j knowu, or ought to be known, through information gained from shareholders residing near him. In America no one can insure who has a doubtful character. It is also a great fact that revengeful feelings are never carried out to such an extent by rascally miscreants upon their employer's property when it is known that the latter j is insured. Those fanciful bits of painted ' and lettered tin have wonderfully protective influence over the stacks or buildings upon which they are suspended or nailed. To one argument against insur- 1 ing property there are ten in favor of it, and we trust that companies already established will embrace more than they The remaims of the late Rev. A. M. j llamsay, of St. Enoch's Ohurc 1, Collinsstreet, were interred on Tuesday at the ' • Melbourne general cemetery, being followed to the grave by a funeral procession composed in a great measure of the clergy of all the leading Protestant denominations. In accordance with the usual practice, the body was removed to the church in the course of the morning, and a special service was held before the departure of the funeral, in the presence of a crowded congregation. The service was opened with a psalm, and the reading of a portion of scripture by the Bev. B. Hamilton, of Fitzrov. The Eev. Mr. M'Kenzie, of Geelong, then offered up a prayer. Mr. Hamilton concluded the proceedings by reading a sketch of the life and labors of the deceased gentleman Another service took place at the grave, being conducted by the Eev. I. Hetherington, of the Scots' Church, Collinsstreet, opposite St. Enoch's. The pallbearers were Messrs Robert and James llamsay, sons of the deceased; Mr. James Eamsay, his brother ; the Eev. Mr. Garlick, his son-in-law ; the Eev. 11. Hamilton, Mr. W. Hamilton, Mr. Adam Anderson, and Mr. Adam Anderson, jun. The Yass Courier promises its subscribers early in February " a four-page supplement, containing the English intelligence to date of departure of the mail. The supplement will be carefully compiled and printed in England, so that it may be forwarded to subscribers with the first issue of the Courier after the mails are received in Yass." In the way of novelty in journalism this is unique. A hawker was fined £10 at Malmsbury on Thursday last, for setting fire to the grass in a paddock, by which from fifty to sixty acres of feed were destroyed. The sentence seems all too light. Upwards of £5000 have been subscribed for the orphans of the late Eev. Mr. Hill, Wesleyan minister, who was recently murdered. A. young lad named Henry Stephens, about ten years of age, was drowned on Tuesday morning whilst bathing in a waterhole near the claim of the Nightingale Company, Ballarat. The Creswick Advertiser is informed , that a well known gentleman, residing : within a few miles of Creswiek, and connecrod by marriage with one of tiie lead- | j ing fanii.ies. has ihllen heir to a baronetcy, a ; :r?. better still, that the title does i j ; not come to him as a barren honor, as it I is aceompauied by property amounting to s oue £ ',0.000. It will be grateful news for the country to lenrn that the Scab iiill is almost secure of passing. The dispute between j the Houses with reference to ifc is narrowed down to onep.;iut, wlie' her the amount ! I to b'i paid for sl.ccri dtscroyed shall be | i •is. or Is., the lower amount being the Assembly's estimate. No dou'ot a compromise will be effected in the matter. The English papers are full of eulogistic articles upon the career of the late Mr. Fawker, founder of the colony of Victoria. There is a baker in West Ham whose temper is so fiery, that he heats his oven with it ; and his customers say the biscuits are always crisp and the rolls crusty. A woman died recently in Trenton, Michigan, in giving birth to a thirty-first child. Among the thirty-one were three pairs of twins, and the eldest of them all if living, wouidbe only twenty-nine years old. | ! | j ; | j j j i ! 