TURF TAL K. NOTWITHSTANDING- the very unsettled state of the wea- ther during the past few days, the horses in training aro fast getting into form for the coming meeting. Tho Terrara trio are getting on nicely, and Tim appears to be in great heart, and to be more the Tim that The Barb used to meet than we have seen him for a long time. We like t lie old horse much for the Metrop, and if the course be hard, ho is tolerably sure to bo amongst the first three. Marksman goes strongly in the mornings, and now that he does not get Buch a gruelling alongside tho crack as has been the case when preparing for previous meetings, he will Bland a botter ohance of bring fit, and running a great race. Carwoola is no favourite of ours, and his stiff Btilty manner of going ¡B far from pleasing. The "black and all black'' have two really good strings to do battlo this time, and whichever carries the Btablo m o noy is bound to be handy at the tinish. The Euri improves daily, and although a trifle Une, will perhaps be got into fair condition. On paper his chance is an exceedingly good one, as by his running in the Cup ho is clearly the best in of tho crowd; but he was then in rare buckle, and it is hardly probable that he will bo so fortunate upon this occasion. Old War- wick has again made his appearance on the convincing ground, and goes as strong and well as evor, but the chances are against his being fit this time. Detective is fust growing into a racehorse, and he looks as well as unything that has yet shown up. Tho pen has been drawn through his name for the Metropolitan, nndfrom that it would appear that the Victorian big event will be his dart. The lea colt still imitates the " fair sex," and ut starting does the" Alexandra limp" to perfection. Uo is coming on fast, and will have something to say before the numbers go up. Florence goes like a loco- motive, and her friends could not WÍBII to see h<>r better. Teddington is not BO sore on his pin9 as ho was last week, but from present appearances we are inclinad to think that his services will not be much required in the Dorby. Tho Bturdy little Pyrrhus moves like a lion, looks healthy and well, and will be seen in the Derby finish. Tho lately named Quack, by Peter Wilkins from Quickstep, whom we have been in tho habit of calling Tasman, looks very nicely, and although perhaps a little on the fut side ought to bo in fuir trim to give us a taste of his quality at the coming meet. Al and Kate Dalrymple continue to improve; both go well, and appear in greut heart, and the same may be said of Bylong who, although not treated very kindly is bound to be near the finishers in the " Metrop." Argyle is very fresh and gnes in a determined manner that ia euro to gain him many friends befara the day. He is a grand colt to look nt, and at present about the beet outsider in the Derby. Kaizcr we like not, and much fear that he has lost his pBce. Ho seems to take but little pleasure in his work, mid will have to be well treated in the handicaps Co givo him the ghost of a chanca of pulling through. Barbarian has not been seen on chejeourse, ut least we hare not hud thatpleusure during the week, and rumour has it that his other log has gone. He has been scratched from the Metrop and we doubt whether he will ever face the (lug again. It is mu oh to bo regretted, for he is a reully grund colt, and had his legs stood would have made his detractors swallow humble pie sufficient to keep thom from abusing that scarce and Beldom understood article, a racehorse. Barbclle has filled out and furnished much und is in great favour with tho touts. Her condition is good, and she is not compelled to do so much swallow catching as was tho case this time last year. The Molly Carew colt and Partisan hud a good flutter during tho week, and the pair showed plenty of pace and carno home well. Tho Englishman is an ugly loose goer when at slow work, and when going fast does not impress one much, save that he is very resolute. Partisan must not be over- looked in the short handicaps for he has any amount of pace, and from his build ehould not be deficient in stay- ing powers. The youngsters, Itccruit and Miracles ere somewhat overgrown to bo very effective until they get age, and they will not so much as earn their corn this season. Juanita; and Nemo are drawn just a litttle too fine, and we trust that Johnny will not find fault with us for giving him a gentle hint not to over do it. The little filly covers tho ground very nicely, and Nemo will be a much better horse than when he made his debut at Parramatta. Little Piole has boen an ubsentoe from the course, and it is said that he has gone wrong. We hope not for Mr Winch's sake, for "Dick's" chance fur the big stake would have been a really excellent one. Croydon could scarcely be better, and from the woy he does hts breathings ho will bo a hard nut for some of the great guns to crack ere the numbers are hoisted. The Baron is still a little Btoutj he had a good sweat on Monday morning, and is coming on satisfactorily. During the poBt season he has been treated to a good Bpell, and should bo able to give a good account of. himself in the handicaps. Circassian's brother, Sobersides, is a strong goer, but far from handsome, and he has not much appearance of raving. Tho New Warrior colt from Miss Foote now appropriately naraod Oomodian, rather takes out fancy and wo regard him as a cult of great promise. Next week our " Nemo" intends to visit the course regularly, ind ai tho gallops are nc-w «ufflcieutly fast to be interest' vag, he will keep our readers well posted up in all that is to be seen there. The entries for the various events which dosed on Tuesday last are highly satisfactory, and show a consider' able improvement when compared with those of the past two seasons. In almoBt every instanoe the races have filled well, and there is not a really open race on the bill of fare. All the handicaps have a large number of nominations, and tho handicappers will have some excellent opportunities of showing their skill, while the " prophets" will have to tax their judgment to tho utmost to point out even a place-getter. Last year tho Trial Stakes had eleven against fifteen this time; the President's Handicap, eleven against twelve ; the Innkeeper's, five against the Spring Stakes five; thu Bpsom Handicap, twenty-nine against twenty-eight ; the Shorts, twenty against twenty ; Ladies' Cup, five against seven ; Maiden Plate,, seventeen against fifteen ; Squatter's Stakes, ten against fourteen ; Free Handicap, this year thirty-six ; Craven, eleven against nine ; Prince of Wales Stakes, nine against six ; Sydney Handi- cap, seventeen ngst nineteen ; Tradesman's Plate, twelve against ten ; Grand Stand Plate, twelve against fifteen ; Waverley Handicap, twenty against twenty-two ; and the Randwick Plate, six against nine. With such wonder- fully good entries all that will be wanted to make the Randwick Spring Meeting a great suooess is fine weather. The road to the course no longer need deter the public from attending, and the coming meet bids fair to surpass many of its predecessors. We must call the attention of owners of horses nominated for the Melbourne Cup to the fact that acceptances, enclosing £5, are to be made on or before four p.m., on Wednesday, the 10th instant. No other payment need be made until October the 13th, the day of general entry, upon which date the remainder of the sweep, 10 sovs, must be paid up. Tho Berrima Maiden Plate, of 50 sovs, is advertised in our issue of this week, and entries must reach the bon. sfo. on or before 4 p.m. on the 20th January. We ore pleased to see that Mr -TameB Powell still takes an active part in the getting up of races in that cTiBtriot, for he is certainly the right man in tho right place, and the Club have done well by securing his services. The Homebush Jockey Club held a meeting at the Boyal Hotel on Tuesday last, but BB the rain descended in torrents the attendance was not numerous. The chair was occupied by Mr George Curtis. Speaking of that gentleman reminds us that in the paragraph referring to Homebush last week we omitted to state that the Secre- taryship was offered to him prior to the offer being made to Mr B.Pickering. A Bub-committee was formed for the purpose of drawing up rules for the general guidance. We opine that, at the next meeting, which is to take place on Tuesday, the fixture for the first race meeting will be made, and it is almost unnecessary to mention that the races will be run under the Australian Jockey Club Rules. Several new members were enrolled, and the Club promises to be soon firmly established. The departure of our old friend Mr Richard Lines from Hambledon Hill is thus referred to by the Singleton Times:-Our worthy townsman, Mr Richard Dines, late ot Hambledon Hill, left this district on Tuesday after- noon for one of his stations, some 300 or 400 miles in the interior. Mr Dines was accompanied by his fumily and servants, and ample provision had been made for their long journey. The spectacle was most imposing as the expedition left Hambledon and wound slowly down tho hill. To the front waa Mr Dines's private carriage, drawn by four horses, followed by four two-horse buggies ; then tho caravan, fitted up for poultry and other special live stock ; three well-laden bullook drays brought up the rear. There were also in the procession forty fine speci- mens of blood stock, reqtiirine the active attendance of six or eight trained aboriginals. We wish Mr Dines and his numerous dependants a fortunate journey. The Maryborough races hare been postponed to the 10th and 11th August in consequence of the late wet weather. Ruddie's Premier has been scratched for the Publicans' Purse and tho Maryborough Cup, and those races have consequently fallen through. The Bathurst Times, of Wednesday, announces the ; death of the well-known racing stallion Young Vanguard at Gorman's Hill on Wednesday lost, from inflammation . of the bowels. He was owned by Mr B. Mcphillamy, and it will be remembered that only a few weeks have elapsed since the death of old Vanguard, who belonged to the same gentleman. As a racer, the Young Vanguard was considered a good, game horse, and his latest running was for the Bathurst Cup, in February last which, however, was won by Carnation. Young Van- guard was a ohesnut, and was by LambuBcat out of a Marquis mare of Mr W. Leo's. On Monday afternoon a mutch was ran on the New- castle racecourse between Mr Harris's o g Sly Boots and Mr Sweeney's b m Swallow, the former carrying 9st and the latter Sst. The stakes wore £20 aside, besides which a considerable amount changed hands in the shape of bets, both nags being froely backed by their respective admirers. Over two hundred persons assembled to witness the contest, and considerable interest appeared to be evinced in tho result. The distance being one mile and a half, the start took place a quarter of a mile from the winning-post. Mr W. H. Whyte, jun., officiated as starter, and alter one or two attempts got them away on equal terms On reaching the grand stand Sly Boots was leading by about a neck, and this order was maintained till entering the straight running, about a quarter of a milo from home, when Sly Boots, was let out, and although Shallow's jockey applied the whip pretty freely it was to no purpose, as the chesnut came in an easy winner by five or Rix lengths. The winner was well ridden by young Shoesmith, and Swallow was skilfully jockeyed by W. Tyler. After the tnutoh a handicap sweepstake was run for, in which nino horses started. ! The winner was Mr G. Whyte's Cobweb, Swallow being I socondj and Sir Henry third. I 