THE OECUMENICAL COUNCIL. Some, December. 10.—The Pone delivered an Allocation before the assembled Bishops. He expressed his satisfaction at being able to open the Council on the day which had been fixed, and at •finding the Bishops had come in snch numbers to aid the Holy See, helped by the Holy Spirit. Faith in hnman schemes and all impiety were never before as strong as at the present day ; for they were well organised, and hid themselves behind pretended appearances for liberty- [But there was nothing to fear, because the Church was stronger even than HeaTen-3 But time wouid remedy present evils. Tbe Holy Father concluded with an invocation to the Holy Ghost,. to the Blessed Virgin, and to Saints Peter and Paul. Chicago, December 10. —The Heralds' special from London telegraphs from the continent the report that at the opening of the session of the Ann- Papal Congress at -Naples, yesterday, there were pres-nt 5Q0ltalian delegates and twenty members from other parts of the world. The inauguration address •was delivered by President Ricciardi- Letters o£ apology for non-attendance were read from Victor Huso, Garibaldi, and other distinguished pe-sons the leader? of the radical reform party. These comjnunicati 'Ui were received with great enthusiasm at the close « the proceedings. The Herald s special from Naples says that the Council of Deists, or Anti-Papal Radical Assemblage, which met there rin the 9th, turned out a dead failure. A proposition to favour another French occup-.tion of Home, and endorsing to some extent the lasr, met with serious opposition in the Assemblage Rome, December II.—The CEcumenical Council a£joui jed till after Epip'iany. Much opposition is expetedon its re-assembling, but the Pope is said to be sure of the co- operation of the American Bishops. Paris, December 11.—The French Government has made known to the (Ecumenical Council that the infallibility is an opportune question from a religious view j politically, it places France otherwise than according to the Concordats, and releases her from ob'igations then accepted. Rome, December 13.—The CEcumenical Council meets to-morrow simply for die purpose of attending to the details of organisation. Committees on Faith, Discipline, Orders,and Eastern Affair will be formed, These committees comprise eighty-six members. Che official list of persons entitled to attend the Council is published, and contains the n 'mes of fifty-five Cardioa s, e'even Patriarchs, nine hundred and twenty-seven Arciibishops, Bishops, and Abbots, twenty-two mitred Abbots,and twenty-nine Generals of religous orders- London, December 15.—An important Papal Buli has been issued under the seal of strict secrecy, establishing regulations for the {Ecumenical Council. In his exordium, his Holiness exhorts Bishops to live in the practice of charity,, humility, sobriety, and pious contemplation,during the session of the CejiqeiL He declares that although the right of making propositions for the Council belongs only to himself and the Court of Home—'' ad 7LOS e ad sanctam sedem " — he desires and exhorts every Father to think it his duty to make propositions,, but on these conditions : First, the proposition to be made in writing, submitted to a Council of Bishops named by the Pope; second, the proposition to have for its object the general interests of the Cbnrch, not of °a particular diocese ; third, it shall be accompanied t-y a statement of the motives which led to its presentation; fourth, it shall be conformable to ,the spirit of the traditions of the Catholic Church.' His Holiness imposes secrecy on every person concerned in the concilitory labours. The order of precedence is fixed as follows:—Cardinal, Bishop, Cardinal-Priests, Cardinal-Deacons, Patriarchs, Primates, Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots Generals of Monastic Orders. Fatheraare authorised to designate In of their number to be charged with themselves TheBuilappoiuts the officers of the Conn cil, naming as Legates or Presidents over the general congregations, Cardinals De Kesach, De Lucca, Cuzzarre, Bilio, and Capalti. Fathers who desire to harangue the assembly must obtain authorisation from the Legate on the evening of the preceding day on which they intend to speak. Those who intend to propose canons must first submit them to one of the four Commissioners on the fourth discipline of religious orders and Oriental affairs, these Commissioners to be chosen bv the Fathers, but each to be presided over by a Cardinal to be named by the Pope. The Bull prohibits the Fathers absenting themselves before the conclusion of the Conncil, and authorises them to reside outside their dioeeses_ during the entire period of the Council. A majority of the Bishops ars dissatisfied with many provisions of the Papal Bull. A telegram from Rome states that the Pope has issued a decree providing that in the case of his death, the CEcumenical Council shall be dissolved, and none but Cardinals take par; in the election of his successor. The Empress Eugenie has written a letter to the Pope expressing regret at not being able to visit his Holiness. 