\- THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE'S CHARGE TO HIS CLERGY. Tlie Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Mel bourne held his fourth visitation, Tuesday, in the cathedral church of St. James. TheBishop, attended by the Dean of Melbourne and the Rev. M. H. Becher, vicar of St. James's and his Lordship's chaplains, the Revs. S. L. Chase and G. Goodman, on tored the church at 11 o clock, the clergy and a number of lay members of ? the church having previously asseiabled. The litany7 having been read, by the Rev. M. Beehor, the deputy-registrar (Mr. W.: E; Morris) road the bishop's mandate and the citation^ and called over the names of; the clergy of the archdeaconry, who answered to their names. ' The bishop then gave his charge, which occupied an hour and a half in delivery. We append the riiore im portant portions : — Beloved brethren in the Lord, — Four years have gone by since I last addressed the clergy of the archdeaconry of Melbourne in this ca thedral church. So much nearer have we nil come, to tlie closo of our ministry on earth, and to the. day .when.. wo must, give an account of that ministry at the judgment soatof Christ. ?n #, * tpj10 pU1-poso for, winch vo are met to gether is of a very solemn charactor-4solomn in respect to you, yet more solemn as rogards my self Tho duty whicli I have now to perform, of speaking to you ex cathedra upon a number of topics rolating to your ministry, would always, under any circumstances, bo ono of very grave responsibility. * * * Whilo, however, i,my eelt havo (as I think every servant of God, when fulfilling tho duties of Mb office, ought to have) i ?thi3. trust in the divine guidance, I do not ask. you to. receive every opinion which I shall ex , press .'as indisputable. Listen to me as your bishop with respectful attention, and pay due' . deference to what I say, but do not ro call1 any' mail Piaster upon learth, as to divest your selves of individual responsibility. By the exercise .of your own reason and conscience ' in the reading of the Bible, with prayer , for tlie. teaching of the holy spirit, ' prove all things and then holdfast that which is good.' !*'.'*'?:*. . The object which every ; minister of Christ should, have continually before him is, .'to bring all 'such as arc committed to his charge unto that agreement in the faith and knowledge of God, and to that ripeness and perfectness of ; age in Christ, that there be no place left among them either for error in religion; or for vicious ness in life.' Further, I would remind you that '?you cannot by any other means, compass the doing of so weighty a work, pertaining to the salvation of man, but with.. doctrine and exhorta tion taken out of the Holy Scriptures, and with a life agreeable to the same.' * ,* * If people assemble themselves together for the gratification of the senses, pr, for any object other than' the ' rendering of thanks to God for the' great' 'benefits received at his hands, the setting forth of his praise, the ' honoring of his holy word, and the asking from him of the things which they want ifor their souls and bodies, they are not likely to worship : him , in spirit and in truth. Almost surely will they, by calling upon him with rtheir lips while their hearts are far from him, take his holy name in. vain, and so aggravate their guilt in his sight. Perhaps, indeed- some so coming may receive into their hearts the arrow of God's word, and be constrained thereby to cry unto him for pardon and salvation ; but these will be ex ceptional cases. The large majority of those who, Sabbath after Sabbath, thus profane the house of prayer, will have their consciences more and more seared by habits of formality and ' worldliness, and at last perish in impenitence and practical unbelief. If this' description of a congregation, composed of 'lovers of pleasure more thanlovei-s of ,God,' sounds harsh in your ears, say, my brethren, whether it is not. a faithful representa tion of what you yourselves have seen and known. You cannot but acknowledge that it is. I there fore solemnly charge 'you to beware of using car nal means for carrying on the work of the Lord:' I charge you to beware of attracting a. congrega- tion to hear fine music, and so turn the house of prayer into a' place of public amusement.- Music may rightly be emploped by spiritual worshippers ? to show forth - tho praises of God, and, provided that it be adapted to that object, it cannot be too good of its kind.. But if music be used to attract tho worldly-minded to. qur churches, to gratify the vanity, of choirs,, or to please the cars of a congregation, it is an abomination in the, sight of Godi Instead 'of promoting; ,'it will greatly, in jure, 'the progress of pure religion and piety among '-your people, and will impair, not increase, your ministerial etncieney. Trust, my brethren, ?to the simple, earnest, loving' proclamation 'of the Gospel/to the diligent and affectionate pastoral visitation! of your people, for filling your churches and increasing the number of communicants. In, the use of these means you may be ; assured of .God's blessing, and if he grant unto you to see a. large attendance ai;' public', worship, and at the Lord's table, you may have a good hope that tliose who' are thus brought together shall prove your joy and crown of rejoicing m the day of the Lord1 Jesus.. *? *, *;. In speaking to you of your duties, I- must: not omit to remind you/that, besides those of 'a ministerial character towards their people, parochial clergymen have others: toward one another, .toward -the diocese, : arid toward the bishop. ,,,,*'..?'?. * Circumstances,- whicli have occurred since tho delivery, of my, last charge, oblige me to speak to you concerning this also. From the 'great body of the clergy under my jurisdiction i have always experienced quite as much deference, and quite as ready a compliance with my advice arid suggestions, as I could expect or desire. ? But there appears to exist: in some- of _my brethren an apprehension lest, .through allowing too much authority to their oishop, they should sacrifice their own rights. ;? It is therefore important for you to consider what is really your duty to him and to yourselves. Now, oesides the obligation which the . law of the church imposes upon' him, every parochial clergy man has, as you know, expressly pledged himself on two distinct ; occasions to submit to the au thority of the oishop— first, at the ordination, when, the question being put to those who are to be ordained, ' Will you reverently .obey your ordinary, and other chief ministers of the church, and them to whom the charge and government over you is committed, following with a glad mind and will their godly admonition ? each replies, ' I will endeavor myself, the Lord being ray helper ;' and secondly, on being licensed to a cure, when every' clergyman takes the oath of canonical obedience as follows : — 'LA. B., do swear that I will pav true' and canonical obedience to the lord bishop of ? r in all things lawful and honest. So help me God.' What further obli gation, then, has a parochial clergyman hereby incurred ? Has he incurred 'any ? It has been alleged that this promise and oath only bind a clergyman, to obey his bishop so far as a court of law, if appealed to, would compel obedience. But if this interpretation were correct, they would be altogether useless, and might at once be abolished. Unless they bind the conscience of a clergyman to render to the bishop a deference and submission beyond that which, the law en forces, the bishop's authority is in no way strengthened by them. To me, however — and I do not think the office which I hold influences my judgment— it appears clear that they impose a much wider obligation, and that every clergy man is bound byliis promise at ordination to follow the admonitions, and submit himself to the judgments of his bishop, unless he can con scientiously pronounce, them to be not 'godly,' and that he is obliged by his oath to' obey the bishop in all things, except such as are not law ful or not honest. I have no wish to assume any despotic power over the clergy, but I am anxious for them that they should in this matter keep a good conscience , toward God ; and I am anxious tor tho church, lest it should suffer injury from any evasion of tho solemn engagement into which its ministers have ontered with it. 'I speak as to wise' men, judge ye what I say.' * * * Apart, however, trom tho consideration of how we ought individually 'to judge ot and to maintain sound doctrine, there is anothor ques tion l- which', as it has of late provoked much dis cussion, wo must not overlook, viz., what- test has our church adopted .wherewith ??to -try : the1 doctrine r of its; ministers!, '.'And 'how does it :,. apply that test ? This question, or rather these two questions, may, if .we .calmly consider , the, matter, ,.,be easily an swered. First,, the tost which the church has adopted to try the doctrine of its ministers is obviously the volume of authoritative documents, — its Articles of Religion/ its Catochism, its Book of Consecration of Arch bishops and Bishops, and Ordering of Priests and J)eacous, and the various services and offices of its Book of Common Prayer. A clergy man who, in preaching pr : teaching, affirms anything which is denied, or denies anything 'whicli is affirmed in these documents, is, thereby, in tho 'judgment of the church, guilty of false 'doctrine. 'But with respect to all those matters (and there are very many), upon which the church has not thus pronounced an authorita tive opinion, he is free to exercise his own private judgment: To its laity tho church allows a, yet wider scope ; for it requires from them at tlioir baptism and confirmation no other pro fession of faith than that which is contained in the Apostle's Creed. Hcroia consists tho compre hensiveness of. the Church of England; and God forbid that it should, ever lose; a character, by ., whicli it. is, in^oiir opinion, so , favorably dis tinguished from some other clmrclics.' ' But let us' not forget that while comprehensive, it; is - also exclusive aa to both its ministry 'and its communion; and that it shuts out from the one. 'and the other, all who transgress the limits which-, it imposes upon them. Before proceed ing, however, I .must, beg you not- to under stand me as though I intended to put the au thoritative language of the church in the place of, 'or upon a level with the, inspired Word of God. Such', is not my meaning. Sinco ' the Apostolic age, the volume of the . Scripture, has beerithe one only original source of revealed truth, and 'the one final test qf sound doctrine. '* * * ''Although it would obviously be im possible and unwise for me to attempt to enumer ate all the particulars in whicli -the 'church re quires its ministers, . and in which, therefore a bishop should, require candidates for orders to be sound. in;the faith, yet you may^ justly expect me at this period of strife and division, to declare plainly by/ what rule I have acted, and purpose still to act, '' in respect to those: questions ' which now threaten' to rend to pieces the Church iri England. This I am quite ready to do. Already on various occa sions I have expressed' my' sentiments iipon them ; but I- will, now publicly and 'officially ? inform you of the course of conduct1 concerning them, which Ihaye laid down for: myself. Be fore doing so; let me remind you that I anr not- concerned, about the views or customs of particular schools of theology, but only with : the opinions held by particular persons coming before me either as candidates for ordination, or (for' tho church here has given me- similar discretionary power with respect to them) ? as applicants ? for : clerical employ ment in the diocese. Let me remind you' also that I am going- to speak only of certain points of doctrine, upon which, as it appears to me, it is at the present time especially necessary for a bisliop to endeavor, to maintain, among the clergy soundness in the faith., Among these are, some on which the church has ,cx Eressed itself affirmatively' ; e.g., the divine aut oiit,y of the lioly. scriptures' as inspired of God, the vicarious sacrifice of bur Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ for the sins of the world, and tlie personality and God head of the holy spirit. I cannot concjentiously ordain, or admit to the mi nistry in this diocese, any ; one who does not give me satisfactory assurance that he* bona .fide holds, and will faithfully teach these fundamental truths of the gospel. Again, there are others on which; as I conscientiously believe, the church has with equal plainness expressed itself in the negative ; e.g., the presence of the body and Wood of .' our, ? Lord, Jesus Christ, in any sense whatever, in the bread arid wine after consecra tion by the officiating priest at the administra tion of the Lords supper ; the -offering; of Christ to God, iri any ..fiense ?whatever, by the officiating priest, at. that 'holy, sacrament; the practice, as distinguished 'from 'the. occasional use, of confession 'to, and: the private pronouncing of absolution' ? and- the 'imposing -of pe-^ nances, bya priest ; the addition of any ceremonial in public: worship, not enjoined, or expressly permitted, by the Book of Common .Prayer. : 1 ,. cannot icoiiscientiously, . ordain, i or admit to the, ministry in. this diocese, anyone' who does not give me satisfactory assurance that he heartily approves, and will strictly adhere to, the doctrine and directions of the -church in these particulars. In the latter, as well as in the former case, no other qualifications, of what ever kind — piety, zeal for God, amiability, genius— -can; compensate for an indistinctness/ or . , hesitation, ,upon , such vital matters. My object at present , is not to defend, but only simply state the position which I have deliberately taken, and by God's help/ intend to maintain for the; preservation of the Church here from the ,' false doctrine, .heresy, and schism' now prevalent to a great extent in our fatherland. .Herein I am responsible to God arid to the Church ; and I trust that r shall approve myself to him and to it. I know that, how. great soever care I may use, some men will deceive me, arid so obtain ordination or admission into the diocese ; and that others, after they have been so ordained or admitted, will totally change their opinions and course of conduct.' In such instances, when they occur, I .am bound, so long as I can cherish a hope thatmy admonitions will have any effect, to admonish clergymen of their error, and endeavor to bring them into the way of truth; But if I am,, unable to con vince or persuade them, I do not think that I should do -the Church any service by having re course to legal proceedings. ITriless; therefore, lam specially called upon to interfere, I shall not in any case take further action. I shall prefer to com mit tho issue to the Lord in prayer, and in confidence that , He will either deliver any who have thus' erred and are deceived' from the errors into, whicli they have fallen, or in His own good time and way remove them. Keferring to the opinions which I expressed in my last charge upon the character of the music, tlie constitution of the choir, arid the portion 'of the service to be sung in our churches, I would now repeat that, so far as the church authorises you to exercise your own judgment, I do not de sire to impose mine upon you, but only .ask you to give tlie subject your serious attention, and to seek tho guidance of the Holy Spirit, remembering always the solemn account' whicli you must here after give for the manner in which you use your discretion. As it appears, from the joint opinion of Sir Robt. Phillimore and Dr. Stephen, that a bisliop has no authority to interfere except upon an appeal being made to him in some particular case, I have withdrawn' my general order upon the intoning of any prayer or responses, respect ing which the alternative of saying and singing is not allowed by the rubric. But the further inves tigation of the subject has only confirmed me in the opinion that the Prayer Book does not authorise the practice ; , and that, for as much as its lawfulness must be admitted to be at the least doubtful, every parochial clergyman is bound in conscience, according to the evident meaning of tho direction in the preface to the Prayer Book, to conform tliereiri to the injunction of his bishop. I ?would, therefore, again express my objection to the intoning of such prayers and re sponses by the minister or tho choir at morning or evening prayer, and to the chanting of the re sponses to the Commandments in the Communion service, and I would ask any clergyman who may differ from me as to my judgment herein, to put to themselves tho . question whether their oath to obey their bishop -fin all things lawful and honest' does not oblige them to submit to it. The further progress of: controversy, both within and without tlie church, .requires me to allude to some other matters, on which, as ap pears to mo, very dangerous practical errors at presont prevail. Understand, my brethren, that it is with no assumption; of personal superiority, but with a deep sense ' of official responsibility, that I address you _ upon them. First among the questions on which it is necessary for every minister of Christ to bo fully persuaded in his own mind, aud to be able to convince gainsayors, is. the importance of sound dogmatic teaching. * * * In respeot, to the essentials' of Chris tianity, and to thoso doctrines which imme diately affect the presont holiness and peace, the future salvation of individuals, a minister of Christ cannot, without unfaithfulness to his trust, allow his love of peace to restrain him from the plain declaration of tho truth of tho gospel, and the fearless condemnation of any error by which it has been or is in danger of boing corrupted. If it be askod, as .it. may .be, how aro those matters of doctrine, which are thus essential, to' be distinguished from those which are of subordinate importance ? I answer, in every particular case on which we are called upon : to form a practical decision, we must, each for him self, by the studyof the scriptures and history of the church by reflection,, and by such help as we may be able to derive from the writings and cbnversatiori of wise and holy men, above' all by prayer for the enlightening influence of the Holy {spirit, endeavor to arrive at a right judgment ; and then we must act upon our judgment. If we concsientiously, and with due pains^ use these means for informing our minds,' and regulating our conduct in eacli sepa rate instance, we shall seldom, if; ever, greatly err. He who giveth wisdom to them to ask it from Him will guide us aright. There needs, however, that, on every ques tion with which we are practically concerned, we should thus carefully and conscientiously form our judgment, and act accordingly. At this time, while some, holding high positions iri the Church of England; zealously fabor to propagate doctrines which I hold to be con trary to the word of God1 and perilous to the souls of men, others, admiring their earnestness, are disposed to think lightly of their erroneous doctrine, and to depreciate all controversy re specting it. They would' seek peace at ' the expense of truth. I dread the consequence of this spurious liberality, this mistaken charity. It has no warrant in the Bible. : It : is wholly ' unlike the charity of the apostles, and of all the eminent saints of God in later ages of the Church. Our churchy has often been reproached with, the existence ot so much false doctrine in its minis try, but those who reproach, us herewith should remember that falso doctrine abounded also in the church of the apostolic age ; and that, while in their epistles the apostles earnestly, contended against it, they did not, usually' at least, cast out those who held or taught it. If it ever should prevail among the clergy here as itnow pre vails among the clergy in England (which God. for bid) we might still comfort ourselves by the saying of St. Paul—' There must be also heresies among you, that tliey which are approved may bo made manifest among you.' *, * * Concerning points of ritual, I may repeat the sub-! stance of what I said in 1866 — that the duty 'of a bishop is not. unnecessarily to interfere with any established usage, or to insist upon an exact uni forinity in immaterial particulars ; where it is necessary for him to interfere, to declare what is, according to his judgment, the law of the church, and to enjoin obedience to it ; to prevent, so far as he is able, any alterations in the accustomed mode of conducting Divine service, which is neither expressly sanctioned by the rubric, nor obviously 'expedient ; and lastly, not'to notice iri the way of reproof unim Eertant irregularities. To these views I still ad ere ; and, accordingly, with reference, to various deviations from strict rubrical order, which ; I shall not particularise, I will only say, I shall be glad if they can be corrected. . There are, how ever, two practices which I have sometimes found adopted/ and which as being novel and unau thorised, and also in themselves objectionable, 'I would request any of my brethren who have adopted them to. discontinue. One is the reading, of the offertory sentences and the, giving of the' blessing from within the communion ??' rails after the sermon at evening prayer. These sentences being a part of the communion, office, ought not to be read except in their place in that office. Aud when a sermon follows morning or evening prayer, without the anti-cqmmimion office, the preacher is not warranted in leaving tlie place when he has delivered it, but ought to conclude the service there.. Another irre gularity which I have heard of being com mitted, and which, although, perhaps, in some particular circumstances excusable, might, if unnoticed, occasion offence, is the introduction into the service of special prayers. . Such prayers, if there be cause for them, should be used either, before or after sermon, in the pulpit. As bishop, I have assumed the autho rity of drawing up and allowing (not prescribing) tlie use of forms of prayer on particular occasions; but I am not sure that I am right herein. Cer tainly no parochial clergyman is justified in so doing at his own discretion. In themselves these things are trifles, but in the present state of our church such trifles possess an adventitious im portance ; and it behoves you, my brethren, if you value ecclesiastical order and union, to abstain from all manner of unauthorised innovations. I must now conclude. I dare not, with the apostle Paul in his farewell address to the elders of the church at Ephesus, 'take you to record this day that I am pure from the blood of all.' I would rather pray God, and I would pray you, to forgive me whereinsoever I have offended against any. But I can truly affirm that, like, him, 'I exercise myself to have a conscience void of offence toward God and to ward men,' and I know, as you also know, that 'if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Clirist, the righteous, and He is tho propitiation for our sins.'; May we all enjoy the full consolation of this assurance. * * *. To Him, and ' to the word of His grace,' I commend you all ; beseeching you to 'take, heed uito yourselves, and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost liath made you '.overseers, to faed the church of God, which Ho hath purchased with His own blood.,' The Lord be with you all,' evermore. Amen. 