CHRISTCHURCH, STRATHALBYN. Amongst the many country towns in the colony Strathalbyn occupies a good position, and, notwithstanding the present depression, continues to improve. Within the last few months several additions have been made to it. The buildings, as a whole, hare a substantial appearance, and the prettintss of the town is materially increased by its church architecture. For some time past the Presbyterians, the Wes- j leyaos, the Primitive Methodists, as well as other denominations, have had their edifices, bat an Episcopalian Church has not yet been built, although the erection of one has been for years in contemplation. Of late the members of the Church of England have been meeting for worship in the Court- House, where they have had the advantage of the ministra tions of the Key.C. Goodenough Taplin. The mwn^ffity of having a suitable building being felt more and more, it was determined a short time back to erect a church, for the accomplish ment of which steps were at once taken, and on Friday afternoon, February 25, the foundation atone was hud by Lady Edith Fergusson. The land upon which it is intended to build the church has been kindly given by Mr. McLean, and is situated a little distance to the east of Che town. When finished the structure will consist of nave, transept, and chancel, but at present it is only purposed to complete the nave, and carry the tower as high as the roof, the cost of which will be about £700, and accom modation will be provided for 200 persons. The architects, Messrs. English & Bees, have adopted a mixed style of Gothic architecture of the transition period, from the decorated to the perpendicular. The entrance will be formed by a massive tower, square oa the ground, but ending in an octagon. The upper part is in tended for a belfry, and is to be decorated with a handsome battlement, terminated by eight pinnacles. | When finished the tower will he be tween 70 and 80 feet high. The entrance door is to be deeply recessed with columns and en riched caps, leading to a lobby 9 feet x 9 feet, with tiled floor. Fiom the lobby a door, covered with green baize, wQI communicate with the church. On each side of the nave massive buttresses are to divide the building into bays, between which the windows occur. Those are to be lancet cusped, and with label heads terminating with a boss. The transept and chancel will have traceried windows. The roof will be covered with slate, with an ornamental cresting. Inside, the roof will be framed and open to the collar; that part visible will be filled in with tracery, moulded and chamfered; the ceiling matchboarded, and the whole will be prepared for staining. The interior dimen sions of the nave will be 50 ft. x 25 ft.; and the transept will be 41 ft x 23 ft The chancel, octagonal in form, will have a vestry in com munication. The nave will have pulpit, reading-desk, and communion raiL The total cost of the whole building, including chancel, transept, and tower, will be about £L,BOJ, and when carried oat according to the design will accommodate 350 persons. Lady Edith Fergusson, accompanied by Sir James, who was attended by Mr. Morris (Aide de-Qamp), arrived in Strathalbyn about 1 o'clock, having come from Woodhoose, His Excellency driving four-in-hand. They were entertained by Mr. T. O'Halloran, of the National Bank. The ceremony of laying the ■tone—which was conducted by His Lordship Bishop Short —commenced, when the vice regal party came upon the ground, shortly after 3 o'clock. In addition to the Bishop, there were present Dean Eussell, Archdeacon Mar ryat, the Revs. W. A. Clayfield, E. Brown, and C. G. Taplin. Although the day was a most -n.nplensa.nt one, it being very windy and ex ceedingly dusty, the spectacle was witnessed by about 500 people. The first portion of the service having been concluded, Mr. W. Fisher said the bottle to be placed beneath the stone contained coins of the realm; copies of the Advertiser and Register of the 25th February, and of the Southern Argus of the 19th; and the following written on parch ment: —"The foundation-stone of Christ church, Strathalbyn, was bud by Lady Edith Fergusson on the 25th day of February, 1870, being the 33rd year of the reign of Her Most gracioui Majesty Queen Victoria ; the Right Hon. Sir James Fergusson, Bart, being Gover nor-in-Chief of the province of South Australia, and the Eight Key. Augustus Short, D.D., Bishop of the diocese, the Trustees being Messrs. H. Ferguson, F. Miller, and H. Prince ; architects, Messrs. English & Bees." Dr. Ferguson then presented to Lady Edith a beautiful silver trowel, similare in design to that given to H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh on the occasion of his laying the foundation stone of the Prince Alfred College. The sub joined inscription is neatly engraved upon it: — "Presented to Lady Edith Fergusson on her laying the foundation-stone of Christchurch, Strathalbyn, 25th. February, 1870." Lady Edith accepted the trowel, and hav ing spread the mortar with it, the stone was lowered into its place, whereupon Her Ladyship applied the mallet and the level, after which The BISHOP said—On behalf of Lady Edith, I say, in the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this foundation-stone, in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost The concluding portion of the service was then proceeded with. The hymns and the re sponses were sung by an efficient choir, Mr. W. Fisher presiding at the harmonium. The BISHOP delivered a short address, charac terised by liberality of sentiment. In the course of his remarks he said it was the happiness of the era in which they lived that men were per mitted to worship God according to the truth in which they believed in their consciences, and according to the forms which they considered best Spiritual liberty was of great importance, and dearly to be prized; and they had evidence of this liberty in the fact that the land upon which they were going to build the church was presented to them byagentlemanof Presbyterian parentage—one who manifested his attachment te the Church of his forefathers by being iden tified with it—he referred to Mr. McLean. After pointing out how desirable it was that the various sections of the Christian Church should work harmoniously together— to accomplish which it was necessary they should entertain charitable views respecting each other—he observed that he rejoiced, after the many difficulties which had been overcome, in taking part in the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of that temple, in which they would meet to worship in the way they, as members of the Church of England, were accus tomed to do. He trusted that God's blessing would continue to rest upon the undertaking —that the top stone would be brought forth with shouting; and that the ministrations there would receive His blessing. On behalf of the office-bearers of the church, he tendered their warraest thanks to Lady Edith for her kind ness. In speaking of the Scotch residents in the neighborhood, he remarked that the people of North Britain were a credit to the country from which they sprang, and mentioned that one of the Trustees of the church (Dr. Fer guson, Dean Russell, and their Governor came from the North of the Tweed. He commented upon the Scotch as being a virtuous, and very persevering race—hence they found Scotia's sons occupying tbe foremost positions throughout society. (Cheers.) Th? DsaS congratulated the people upon what bad just been done. It was now 14 years since he came np from Adelaide and held ser*. ▼ice in the little old Primitive Methodist Chapel. Since then •arvices had been held in various places, and many times it seemed that the work would have to be abandoned; bat he was very glad that they had not done so, seeing that they had now a flourishing cause there. He advised charity towards all Chris- t:<ins ;• an.) prayed that the Almighty's blesiin^ luigh- real upon the work they were theu com mencing. A collection was here made, realising £23 3s. B<L This was followed by the singing of a hymn, when the proceedings ware terminated by the benediction being pronounced. At half-put 4 o'clock a tea meeting was held in the Primitive Mi lrtl"^''* Chapel, which was attended by about a hundred persons. Later in the evening the Bishop baptised several persons in the Court-House, and preached an admirable discourse from llth, 12th, and 13th verses of the 2nd chapter of Titus. His Lordship was assisted in the ser vice by the Beys. E. Brown, C. G. Taplin, and W. A. Clayfield. The proceeds of the tea and the after service, brought the total amount re ceived up to £32 2b. 