A310NNG THE SPIRITS. BY MAIRK TWAIN. There was a .,sance in town a few nights since. As I was making fur it, in company with the reporter of an evening paper, be said he had seen a gamb:or named Gus Ura. ham shot down in a town in Illinois years ago by a mob, and, as he was probably the only person in San Fraucisco who knew of the circumstances, he thought he would "give the spirits Graham to chaw on awhile." [N.B.-This young creature is a Democrat, and speaks with the native strength and inelegance of his tribe.) In the course; of the sh.w he wrote his old pal's name on a slip of paper, and folded it up tightly and put it in a hat which was passed around, and which already had about five hundred similar documents in it. The pile was dumped on the table, and the medium began to take them ap one by one and lay them aside, asking, "ls this spirit present orithis l or this '. About one In fifty would rap, and the person who sent.up the name would rise in his place and question the do. fuhct.. At last a spirit seizes the mnedium's hand and wrote "tGus Graham" backward. Then the medium went skirmishing through papers for tho,,corresponding name. And that old sport knew his card by the back. When the medium came to it, after picking pp fifty oth".*, he rapped I A committee. man unfolded the paper, and it was the right one. I ant for him and gotit. It w all right. Holwever, I suppose all democrats are on social terms with the devil The young man got up end asked: " Did you die in '511 '5 '531 '54 1---" {lost-" Rap, rap, tap." -. "Did v,,u die of cholera I diarrLcesI dysentery' dog-bite t omal:-pox I violent death 1-- " "Rap, rap, rap." "'bhere you hanged 1 drowned I stabbed I shotl-? "Rap, rap, rap." "Did you die in Mississippi Kentucky? New York I Sandwich Islands 1 Texas I lli noi. t---" " Rap, rap, rap." "In Adams county 1 Madison? Ran dolph --" " Rap, rap, rap." It was no use trying to catch the departed gambler. He knew his hand, and played it like a major. About this time a couple of Germans stepped forward, an elderly man and a spry young fellow, cocked and primed for a sensa tion. They wrote some names. Then young Ollendorff said something which sounded like "Hstein geist hieras 1" [Bursts of'liugh. ter from the audience.] Three raps--ignifying that there ~.cas a geist hieranus. "Vollen sie schriehen r" [More laughter.] Three rape. "Fincig stolen, linsowflerowlickterhairow fterfroleinernhackfolderol " Incredible as it may seem, the spirit cheer fully answered "Yes" to that' astonishing proposition. the audience grew more and more bois terously mirthful with every fresh question, and they were informed that the performance could notgo on in the midstof so muchlevity. They became quiet. Tie German ghost didn't appear to know anything at all-couldn't answer the simplest questions. Young Ollendorff finally crated some numbers, and tried to get at the time of the spirit's death; it appeared to-be considerably mired as to whether. it died in 1811 or 1812, which was. reasonable enough, as it had been so long ago. At last it wrote "12-" Tableau ! Young Ollendorf sprang to his feet in a state of consuming excitement" He exclaimed : "Laties and shentlemen ! I write de name fon a man.vot lifa I Speerit-rabbing dells me he ties in yahr eighteen hoondred und dwelf, but he yoos as live and helty as---" The Medium-" Sit down, sir ." Ollendorff-"But I vant to-? -" Medium--"You are not here to make speeches, sir-sit down T7 [Mr O..had squared himself for an oration.] Mr 0.-" But de apeerit cheat !-dere. is no such speerit- " [All this time ap. plause arid and laughter by turns' from the audience] - Medium-" Take your seat sir, and I will explain this matter." And she explained. And in that explana tion she let off a blast which was so terrific that I half expected to see young 0 lendorff shot up. through the roof. She said he had come up there with fraud and deceit and cheating in his heart, and a kindred spirit had come from the laud of shadows to com mune with him! She was terribly bitter. She said in substance, though not in words, that perdition was full of just such fellows as Ollendorff, and they were ready on the slightest pretext to rush in and assume any body's name and rap and' write and lie and swindle with a perfect looseness whenever they could rope in a living affinity like poor Ollendorff to communicate with. [Great ap plause and laughter.] Ollendorff stood his ground with good pluck, and was going to open his batteries again, when a storm of cries arose all over the house " Get down I Go on I ClIar out I Speak on--we'll hear you I Climsb dowli iruon rthat platformi I Stay where you are I Ve'nosel Stick to your post-say your say I" The medium rose up and said if Ollendorff remained she would not. She recognised no one's right to come there and insult her by practising a dcelptio, upon her,. and at tenmpting to bring ridicule upon so solemun a thing as her religious belief. The audience thenh became quiet, ard the subjugated Ollendorfi .e re Itron, thie platform. The' olther German raised a spirit, ques tionedlit St some lingth in his'own lasguge, and said tile antners were co.rrect. The medium claimed to be entirely uaucquaiuted with the German language. Just then a gertlemun called me to the edge of the platformi and seked me it I were a Spiritualiat. I said 1 was not, He asked ue if'l were prejudiced, I said not more thea enr other unbeliever; but I could not believe in a thing which I could not undler. stand, and.I had ntsrteen an) thing yet that I could by any possibility cipher uut. lie said, then, that be didin't think I was . the cause of the diffidence shown by the spirits, but he knew there was an an tagonistic influence around tihe table somewhere; lie had notinrd it irom the first; . there was a puinlul negative current passing to, his sensitive orgeniaution from that direction constantly. I tuld him I guessed it. was that other fellow ; and I said, "Ulatue a man who was allthe time shedding, these ointrnael negative currents 1" Tois appeared to satiefjy tie rid at 'the inquiring ltnatic, aend he sat down. - . I had. a very.. dear-. friend .who, I haied heard, had gone to the spirit land, or perditior, or.. some of those placel, and I desired to know somrethling oonceringl him, Tpere.was somethring so aw f'ul, thougb, about tailking rith living and sin lullip to the ghostly dead, thttIcould barely bring mysell to ri,e and speak. But at ltst I got trembling up and.said with a low and tresmbling voice: "Is tees apirit of Jobhn Smith .pre sent? " (You never can depend on, theseL Sn.iths; you call tbr one and the whole tribe will come clattering out of hell, to anrner ,,YlWback I truck I ,ehack I wlaack I, Idrs' url! I believe all. trhe dead; atu daineQ d Johnr Smithsi between Sarn Fruicisco and pier, ditioi boarded thire oor little table at one-; I was conviderably set. back'- stunned, I may say. lThe a diendce urged me t go un, however, andr said : . "W\hat did you die of ?" i - T'lh Snitrls answered to every ,disease and casuality that iaut can di" oh. "\ihere did you die?"n They answiered '"Ye"" to every loioeslity I' cusld aSoa while say :g"oeraphy held . Are you happy whero'you arm?" y I There was Ia vigorous and utariolous ",NYo0 Irora the lute Smlthtr, '"Is it warm there" ." An educated Smith- sa-led the med sm's band.and wrote: '"It's no name for it." " Did you leave any Smiths in that place when you came asay ?" "'Dead loads cf them !" I fancied I heard the shadowy Smiths chuckle at this fee ble joke-the rare joke :tat there could be live loads of Smiths bhere all are dead. "'low many Smiths are present !" "Eighteen millions-the procession now reaches from here to the other aide of China." "Then there are many Smiths in the king dom of the lost?" "The Prince Alpollyon calls all new comers Smith on general principles; and continues to do so until be is corrected, ifhe chances to be mistaken." "Wbhat do lost spirits' call their drear abode ?" "They call it the Smithsonian Inati taue." I got sold of the right Smith. at last-the particular Smith I was after-my dear, lost, lamented friend-and learned that lie died a violent death. I feired -as tmuch. He said his wife talked him to death. Poor wretch! Bye .and-bye, up started another Smith. A gentleman in tie audience said that this was his Smith. So he qoesttoned bim,, and this Smith said be too died by violence. ' He had been a good deal tangled in his religious be lief, and was a sort of a cross between a: Uni versalist and a Unitarian; has got straighten ed out and changed his opi ,Ions nince he lelt here; said he was perfectly happy. We 1iroceed.d to question titas talkativeand frolic some old parson, Among spirits I judge hu is the gayest of the gay. He said lie had no tangible body ; a bullet could pass thruugi him and never make' a hole; rata could pass through, him as , through vapour, and not discunmmode him in the lea.t (so I suppose he don't know enough to come in when it rains--or don't care enough); sate heaven and hell are simply mental condlitons; spirits in the former havehallps and contented muind,, and those in the latter are turn by re* morse of conscien.e; say, as Jar as he is con cerned, he is all right--he is happy; would not say whether ihe was a very good or a sery bad nuan on earth (thei shreod old waterproof nonentity i I a,ked the question so thIatl iigrht average toy own chances for his luck in the other world, bect he ,aw my drill); says he has an occupation there-puts in Ihis tiete teaching.and being taught; says there are spheres-gredes of perfection lie is making very good progresr-has beu'.. promoteo a 'ephere or so since hiss matriculation (I said ,.ientalsi, "Go slaw, -ld man, go slow, you have got all eternity before you,', and he re plied nut) ; le dul't know how muny spheres toere are (but Isupposo their utsut he illiun, because it a matl goes galloping tlrough tlhem at the rate this old UIl"?ersaltist ls.duiog, tie will get through all infialtode of them by the time he has been there as long a, old Sesustri. and those ancient utidmiu.; and there is no estimating how high he kill get in even tfie /f.ncy of eternity-1 am htraid the old man is scouring alttng rather too last for the st) le of his surrounding-, and the length of time lihe has gtt on his hand.); saya as.irits cannot feel neat or cold (which ouilitates somewhat against all my, utions of orthodox damnation -tire and brimtontej; says spirits coumtmuns with each other by thought-:thety have no language; sa) s the di;tinctitn of sex .re preserved there-and so forth and .ru on. Thie old person wrote and talked loran hour and showed by his quick, shrewd, intellige.t repllies, thlat he had out been sitting up nights its the other world lor noilhing; he haJl been prying into everytting worth kiowing, and finding out everything hteupossibly could-as Ihe said himeself--when hb didnot understand a thing he hunted up a spirit ivhio couldl ex plain it, con'equentl, hu is pretty thuruugt.ly posted. And for his accommodating conduct arid bhi unifornt courtesy to nie, .1 incerely hope he may continue to Iprogres at his lire. sent velonoty until hie lands on the very roul of the highest sphere of all, and thus 'ucchieves perfectiont. 