EUROPEAN AND AMERICAN NEWS VTA OALTFORNIA. The French ship.Bayonnaise,from Californii, which has arrived at Sydney, brought details of European news to 15th Dec, the heads of which we have published in a telegram. Extracts from the California papers giving fuller particulars have since come to hand. London, December 13.-I-er Majesty's Miris; tars held three' Cabinet meetings during the week, to consider the present critical condition of public affairs in Ireland, with the state of the island generally. It was resolved, to proclaim the County Tipperary, province of Munoter, and county and clty of Londooderry, in Ulster, as being in a state of insurrection, oa described-in a late Act of Parliament providing therefor, and so empowering' them to act; that five thonesand additional troops be immediately dispatched to Ireland, raising the total force of the regular army there to about thirty thousand men. this is to meet the emergency, at present. On the assembling of Parliament, on the 10th of January, a bill will be immediately introduced to empower the Government to suspend the habeas corpus !n Ireland by executive order, not waiting for an Act of the Legislature, when deemed necessary for public safety to do so. London, December 11.-A report from the Admiralty Office says that for a distance of thirty-five miles the Sues Canal is subject to sand drifts reducing the depths, and to thick fogs bewildering the pilots. London, December Il.-The Times condemnns the Orange Lodges. They answer no end bat to perpetuate the idea of, two races, one of -con querors, and the other of conquered. Statesmen sahold discountenance them. The Speclator, on American affairs, says Grant's programme of peace, retrenchment, recon struction, and honesty must enhance the position of the United States cs a nation. His way of pay log debts was the last to be quarrelled with. London, December 12.--The Observer says President's Grant's Message makes a pleasing itm pression In financial circles. New York, December 15th.-A, London special says George Peabody'a will haa sot yet passed to probate at the Doctors' Commons. Peabody's property in England is set down at under £400,000. He bequeaths £5030.to each of his executors, £1t0,000 to his London charity, payable in three years as directed; a few: legacies of minor amounts to Individuals, and the re mainder to be divided as provided. among his res Ives in America. The trustees are George Peabody Russell. and two others, nephews, who are made residuary legatees, empowered to settle all affairs connected with the property in Ame. riea, which is estimated at from three quarters to one million dollars. Chicago, December 1O.-The hterald's special from London telegraphs from the continent the report that at the opening of the session of the Anti-Papal Congress at Naples, yesterday, there were present 500 Italian delegates and 20 mem-. bers from other parts of th.e world. The ansu. garation address was delivered by President Ric clardi. Letters of apology for nonatteoodance were read from Victor Hugo, Garibaldi, and other distinguished persons and leaders of the radical reform party. These communications were re ceived with great enthusiasm, which endured to the close of the proceedings. Rome, Dec. 10.-The Pope delivered an allo cation belore the assembled bishops. He ex pressed his satisfaction at being able to open the Council on the day which had been fixed, and at finding the bishops bad come in sach numbers to aid the Holy See, helped by the Holy Spirit. Faith in human schemes and all Impiety were never before as strong as at the present day; for they were well organised, and hid themselves behind pretended appearances for liberty. But there was nothing to fear, because the Charch was stronger :even than Heaven. But time would remedy present evils. The Holy Father concluded withl an invocation to the Holy Ghost,, to the blessed Virgin, and to Saints Peter and Paul. Rome, Decesmber 13.-The (Ecumenical Coun cil meets to.morrow simply for the purpose of attending to the details of organlestion. Com mittees on Faitb, Discipline,. Orders, and Eastern affairs will be formed. These committees comprise eighty-aix member . The official list of persons entitled to attend the Coun cil is published, and contains the names of fifty five Cardinals, eleven Patriarchs, nine hundred and twenty-seven Archbbishops, Bishops, and Abbots, twenty-two mitred Abbots, and twenty nine Generals of religions orders. London, December 15.-An important Papal Ball has been 'issued under the seat of strict secrecy, establishing regulations for the (Eeumeni cal Council. In his exordium, his Holiness ex horts Bishops to live In the practice of charity, humility, sobriety, and pious contemplation during the session of the Council. He declares that although the right of making propositions for the Council belonga only to himself and the Court of Rome-" ad nos et ad sanctum sedum" - be desires and exhorts every Father to think it his duty to make propositions, but ot these con ditions: First, the proposition be made in writing, submitted to a Council of Bishops named by the Pope; second, the proposition to have for its objact the genetal interests of the Church, not a particular diocese; third, it shall be sooom pailned by a mttement of the motlive which led to its presentation t fourth, it shall be conform. ablo to the spirit of the traditions of the Catholic Ciurch. Hie lHoliness imposes secrecy on every person concerned in the conciliatrry labours. The order of precedence is fixed as follows: -- Cardinal.Blshops, Cardinal. Pricale , Cardinal-Deacous, Patriarchs, Pri mates, Arcblishopo, Bishops. Abbots, Generals of Mlonnstic Orders. Fathers are authorised to designate ten of their number to be charged with the judicial settlemeont of contestotlons arising among themselves? The 'Bull appoints the officers of the Concil, . naomlng as Legates or Presidents over:the general conatrega tions, Cardinals Do Itesaoh, De Lucca, Cuzzarre, Billo, and Cpaltti. Fathers who desire- to harangue the assembly, must obtain authorisstion from the Legate on the evening of the preceding day on which they intend to speak. Those who intend to propose caanos must first submit them to one of the four Commiesloners on the fourth discipline of religions orders anod Oriental affairs, these Commissloners to be chosen by the Fathers, but each to be presided over by a Cardinal to be named by the Pope. The Bull prohibits Ithe Fathers absenting themselves. before the conclau sion of the Council, nod authorises them 'to reside outside their 'dioceses during the entire period of the Council. A majority'of the Bishops are dissatisfied with many provisions of the Papal Bull. . 