POPULAR WOMKN. fFrvm the Saturday Ranac.i The three chief causes oi personal popularity are the :.duiiiation which is excited, the sym pathy which is given, or the pleasure that can be bestowed. We put out of court for our pre sent iiui|Mjse the popularity which accompanies iKvh'tical power or intellectual strength, this being due to condition, not quality, and there fore not of the sort we wean ; besides, it belongs to men rather than to women, who seldom have any direct power that can ad vauce others, and still eeldoiuer intellectual strength enough to obtain a pubbc following because of their confessed supremacy. The popular women we mean are simply those met with in society, women whose natural place is the dm wing-room and whose sphere is the well dressed world, women who are emphatically ladies, and who understand Us aintwuMCes and obey them, even if they take up u cause and practise philanthropy or preach philosophy. But the popular woman rarely does take up a cause, or make her philanthropy conspicuous or her philosophy audible. Partisanship implies angles, mid she has uo aiiKles. If of the class of the admired, she is most popular who is least obtrusive in her claims aud most ingenious in ignoring her superiority. A pretty woman, how ever pretty, if affected, vain, or apt to give her self airs, may be admired, but in never popular. The men whom she snubs sneer at her in pri vate ; the women whom she eclipses as well as snubs do more than sneer ; those only to whom she is gracious find her beauty a thing of joy, but as she is distrautingly electric in her favor itism she courts as many foes as she has friends : and though those who dislike her cannot call her ugly, they can call her disagreeable, and do. lint the pretty woman who wears her beauty to all appearance unconsciously, never suffering it to be aggressive to other women, nor wilfully employing it for the destruction of men, who is gracious in manner and of a pleasant temper, who is frank and approachable, aud does not seem to consider herself as something sacred and set apart from the world because nature made her lovelier than the rest — she is the woman whom all unite in admiring, the popular person par ex cel laic f of her set. The popular pretty woman is one who, take her as a young wife (and she must be married), honestly loves ner nusnaiia, out aoes not mrust her affection into the face of the world, and never flirts with him in public. Indeed, she flirts with other men just enough to make time pass plea santly, and enjoys a rapid waltz or a lively con versation as much as when she was seventeen, and before she was appropriated. She does not think it necessary to go about morally tjeketted, nor does she find it necessary for her dignity or her virtue to fence herself round with coldness or indifference to the multitude byway of proving her loyalty to one. Still, as it is notorious that she does love her husband, and as every one knows that they are perfectly content with each other, and therefore not on the look-out for supplements, the men with whom she has those innocent little jokes, those transparent secrets, those animated conversations, that con fessed friendship and good understanding, do not make mistakes, and the very women be longing to them forget to be censorious, even though she is so much admired. She is a mother too, and a fond one, so can sympathise with other mothers, and expatiate on her nursery in the confidential chat over 6 o'clock tea, as all fond mothers do and should. She keeps a well managed house, and is notorious for the amount of needlework she gets through, and of which she is prettily proud, not being ashamed to tell you that the dress you admire so much was made by her own hands, and she will give your wife the pattern if she likes; while Rhelwasts of even rougher upholstery work which she and her maid and her sewing-machine have got through with despatch and credit She gives dinners with a cacliet of their own, and that have been evidently planned with careful thought and study ; and she is not above her work as mis tress and organiser of her household. Yet she finds time to keep abreast with the current literature of the day, and never has to confess to ignorance of the ordinary topics of conversa tion. She is not a woman of extreme views about anything. She has not signed improper papers, and she does not discuss improper ques tions ; she does not go in for woman's rights ; she has a horror of facility of divorce ; and she sets up for nothing— being neither an advanced womau desirous of usurping the possessions and privileges of men, nor a Giiselda who thinks her proper place is at the feet of men, to take their kicks with patience and their caresses with grati tude, as is becoming in an inferior creature. She does not dabble m politics ; and though she likes to make her dinners successful and her evenings brilliant, she by no means assumes to be a leader of fashion, or to impose laws on her circle. She likes to be admired, and she is always ready to let herself be loved ; she is always ready, too, to do any good work that comes in her way, and she finds time for the careful overlooking of a few pet charities, about which she makes no parade, just as she finds time for her nursery and her needlework. And, truth to tell, she enjoys these quiet hours, with only her children to love her and her poor pen sioners to admire her, quite as much as she enjoys the brilliant receptions where she is among the most popular and the most beautiful Her nature is gentle, her affections large, her passions small ; she may have prejudices, but they are ladylike prejudices of a mild kind, mainly on the side of modesty and tenderness and the quietude of womanhood. She is woman throughout, with the faintest dash of the masculine element in mind or manners, and she aspires to nothing else. She carries with her an atmosphere of happiness, of content, of spiritual completeness, of purity which is not prudery^ her life in filled with a variety of interests, consequently she is never peevish through monotony, nor yet, on the other hand, is she excited, hurried, storm -driven, as those who give themselves up to ' objects,' and perfect nothing because they attempt too much. She is popular, because Bue is beautiful without being vain, loving without being senti mental ; happy in herself, yet not indifferent to others : because she understands her drawing room duties as well as her nursery ones, and knows how to combine domesticity with social splendour. This is the best type of the popular pretty woman to whom is given admiration, aud against whom no one has a stone to fling or a slander to whisper ; and this is the ideal woman of the English upper-class home, of which, thank heaven, we still raise a few specimens, just to show what women may be if they like, aud wbat sweet and lovely creatures they are when they are content to be as nature designed them. Another kind of popular woman is the sympa thetic woman— the woman who gives instead of receiving. This kind is of variable con ditions. She may be old, she may be ugly ; in fact, she is more often both than neither, but she is a universal favourite notwithstanding, and no woman is more sought after or less wearied of, although none can say why they like her. She may be married, but gene-ally she is either ? widow or an old maid ; as, if a wife, her sympathies for things abroad are necessarily somewhat cramped by the pressure of the home life, and her sympathies are her M.im to popularity. She is sincere, too, as well tasympath^Tand^eissafe. She holds the ?eoWboUT of opinion and deed, of all W friends, bat no one ?aspects that any one lias ooufided secrets to her before himself. Shehas the art, or rather the charm, of perpetual spirited freshness, and all ber friends, think a turn that the fountain has been Mfcaled now for the first time. This is not artifice ; it is simply the property of deep and inexhaustible sympathy. It is uut necessary that she should be a wise adviser to be popular. Hei province is to listen and to sympathise, to gather the sorrows and the joys of others into her own breast, so as to softeu by sharing or heighten by re-duplicatiou. Must frequently, too, she is not over-rigid in ber notions of moral prudence, aud will let a love-sick girl talk of ber lover, even if the affair is boneless and has been for bidden, while she will do her best to soothe the man who has bud the misfortune to get crazed about his friend's wife. She has been even known, under pressure, to convey a message or a hint ; and of the two she is decidedly more pitiful to sorrow than severe to wrong -doing. She is in at all the misfortuues and maladies of her friends. No death takes place without ber bearing part of the mourning on her own soul, but then no marriage is considered complete in which she has uot a share. She is called on to help whenever there is work to be done, if she is of the practical type ; if only of the meut&L; she has merely to give up her own'ble;-snres and her time, that she may look on ana sympathise. Every one likes her, every one takes to her at first sight, no one is jealous of her, and the law of her life is to spend and be spent for others. It uot unfrequently happens though that she who does so much for those others has to bear her own burden unassisted ; and that she sits at home surrounded by the spectres of despair, the ghosts of sorrow, which she helps to dispel from lueir uomca. dul sue is nui. bciubu , uiiu wuuc she trudges along cheerfully enough under the heavy end of her frie.ids' crosses, she asks no one to lay so much as a finger ou her own. In consequence of which uo one imagines that she ever suffers at all on her own account ; and most of her friends would take it as a personal affront were she to turn the tables and ask for that of which she had given so much to others. She is the moral anodyne of her circle, and when she ceases to soothe, she abdicates the function assigned to her by nature, and dies out of her allotted uses. Another kind of popular person is the woman whose sympathies are more superficial, but whose faculties are more brilliant ; the woman who makes herself agreeable, as it is called — that is, who can talk when she is wanted to talk, listen when she is wanted to listen, take a prominent part and some responsibility or keep her person ality in the background, according to circum stances and the need of the moment ; eminently a useful member of society, and popular just in proportion to the pleasure she can shed around her. But she offends no one, even though she is notoriously sought after and made much of ; for she is good-natured to all, aud people tire not jealous of those who do not flaunt their successes, and whom popularity does not make insolent. The popular woman of this kind is always ready to help in the pleasure of others. She is a fair weather friend, and shrinks with the most charmiug frankness from those on whom dark days have fallen. She is really very sorry when any of her friends fall out from the ranks, and are left behind to the tender mercies of those cruel camp followers in the march of life— sorrow or sickness ; but she feels that her place is not with them— rather with the singers and players who are making thingB pleasant for the main body. But if she cannot stop to smooth the pillows of a dying- bed, or soothe the troubles of an aching heart, she can organise delightful parties, set young people to congenial games, take off bores on to her own shoulders, and even utilise them for the neutra lisation oi other bores ; she is good for the back seat or the front, as is most convenient to others ; she can shine at the state dinner where you want a serviceable show, or make a diversion in the quiet, not to say stupid, conglomerate of fogies, where you want a lively element to prevent universal stupor ; she talks easily and well, aud even brilliantly when on her mettle, but uot enough to excite men's envy ; and she has no decided opinions. She is a chameleon, an opal, changing ever in changing lights, and no one was yet Known to determine her central quality. All that can be said of her is thnt she is good natured and amusing, clever, facile, and ever ready to assist at all kinds of gatherings, which she has the knack ot making ' go,' and which would have been slow without her ; that she knows every game that was ever invented, and is good for every sort of festivity ; that she is always well-dressed, even tempered, and in (apparently) unwearied spirits andsupurb health ; but what she is at home, when the world is shut out, never troubles the thoughts of any. _ She is to society what the sympathetic woman is to the individual, and the reward is much the same in both cases. But unless the socially useful woman has been able to secure the interest of the sym pathetic one, the chances are thut, popular as she is now, she will be shunted to the side when her time of brilliaucy has passed ; and that, when her last hour conies, it will find her with out the comfort of a friend, forsaken and for gotten. She is of the kind to whom sic transit more especially applies ; and if her life's food has not been quite the husks, at nil events it has not been serviceable or enduring bread. Singular Breach of Promise Cask.— A case of the above description, possessing some peculiar features, was tried at Launceston on the 10th instant, and is thus related by a corres pondent of a Melbourne journal :— The plaintiff, Ellen Jane Wickiim, aged 30 or thereabouts, sued RichaH Hill, whose age was variously stated at from 7o to 76, for £1000 damages, for having promised her marriage and then having abruptly declined to redeem his promise. The defendant was a widower, and he seems to have been able to say with old Adam in tbc comedy : — ' My age is as lnsty as winter, FroBtybutkiudly/1 He looked with n loving eye upon Miss Wickius, He had known her from a child ; aud, as he told her father, 'he thought he Bhould be veiy happy with ber.' In the warmth of his heart and in the height of summer, he presented her with a gold watch and chain, which had cost him twenty guineas; bnt ' though on largesse hent he had h frugal mind,' and when in the full glow of his ardent affection he gave her a wed ding ring, he prudently chose that of his de ceased wife. He did more ; he announced his intention of settling a cosy cottage and £200 a year upon his future bride. ' But whispering tongues can poison trnth. And constancy lives in realms above.' And the septuagenarian lover suddenly jilted Miss Wickins without rhyme or reason. Mrs. VVickms — for there was to have been a mother in-law— rose to the height of the occasion. She bearded the recalcitrant Hill in his own domestic fortress. ' I am her mother,' said that lady to the pert Susan Nipper who opened the door. ' I aui her mother ; and must have an explana tion.' ' Don't come here troubling me, ex claimed Mr. Hill, and beat a retreat to the first floor. Then the daughter chimed in, and in ac cents half sorrowful aud hah0 reproachful, mur mured, ' I suppose you want to break off the engagement, Mr. Hill.' '' Yes,' tartly replied the obtrusive Nipper. The door was closed; mother and daughter wended their way faome w&ixLthe; hitter ' in maiden meditation fancy free.' She kept the watch and chain, Bent back the wedding ring belonging to the deceased Hill, brought an action against the sprightly old gen tleman who had trifled with her affections, and a jury awarded her £800 damages. Jobh Bourns says there is nothing more touching in this life than to see a poor but virtuous young man straggling with a weak moustache. | 