A NAnBRoW ESCAPE.-On Sunday list, a little boyjrnamed Arthur Cunnqngham, son of Mr OCunninghamr of the Sha.ntimouk'i otel, wias out le;riung to ride on a pony, in com-. pany vith another little boy, the son of Mr. Craven. As they were returning.they began to'gillop their hopes, and the pony ridden by Mr Cuuhiiigham's boy turned sharp round the corner by Mr. Walker's verandahi, so close to the posts that spectators at a short distar~ie 'erb afraid jthat-he had b?eeni injurel. by coming in contact with the verandah. As he ias ieen' tb fall from thl pony his foot hung in the stirrup; which foitunately.sellped from the saddle atidleft hirnq lying on the ground a little frightieied, of. couiie, but we are glad to state 'yithoutinjury NAMEsa RES. OP THE FUROPNEA AaoSTo csc.Yt . -It is' not often that in a ?rmall pro: vincial Police Conat such an array of- aristo. cratic names appear on the cause list as was the case on Friday last, at the Heathcdte Police Court-Louis Napoleon, Arthur \Vel lesley, a Percy atidi Fitzardiuge, were aimong the names of quitors, one or two of the cases were settled out bof Court. RoADn MAKIGS.-Laborers appear to be rather scarce just now in this district. We are informed that 'soae of the contractors for wtiks under the Shire Council caniot. advance their works suffciently to warrant an expecta tiwotthat they will le able io complete themn within the specfed time, 'from this cause, as sisted, perhaps, by the broken weatlier. We congratulate the Shire Conncil.on their public spirit and, energy, biut ve. must say that it would:have quite as well- if' the. works had been undertaken earlier in the season. THE FooTPATis IN' THE BoRouo.--Thoe contractor for gravielling'the footpath has hit upod a capital' lt of good' clean tailings for'the work, and he isinaking a good job of ii, hut we would recommeud the Engineer to see th'it tle dain-bank from which, thetailings ark being taken is not too much weakened h? removing the tailings,* for thopgh the capacity of the dam is not great it would, in the event of its bnuitin-; serid a rather iii coivenient quanitity ofwater into the town ship; eajecilly aibout the premises of Mr. Sangster' and Mr. Jones. THE M ?ECMANICS' NSTurTE--On Tues eveniing next a popular 'entertainmenlt will take place at the Town Hall, and if we are rightly informed, the programmo is a good oie, with a rather sensational finis ; it concludes thus : "i.Spirit itanifestaiitoia, extraordinary, astounding plieunomena, 4Death on the Ocean Wave.' 'The 'Blood stained Deck and the Ghastly Spectre on the iriny Deep, e or the Ghost- of the .Naiuticl Nigger.' Startling dedue?nent, /- wonderful viva ioge manifesta tions from the Spirit World. ' Me and "my Grandmother, a seance of thrilling ihterest, by a local medium." The. probeeds will be; devoted to the Mechalics' Institute building fund. ' .T. PATRic.--We see by posters that a lecture will be delivered in the To-wn all,l on Tuesday, 13th June, by the 'Venerqble Archdeacon Crawford' of Castlemaine," The subject Chosen for, the occasion is a most iitetesting one, namely the Life and Charasc. ter of St. Patrick. . S"Ovs new, local contemporary made itesap pearance yesterday, and modestly appeals to the. public to be sparing of contempt, as the proprietor is ' editor, reporter, compositor, printer, and devil. Next week the public are proiniseda newlocaltaIe, the "Lifeof a Fool." We, imagine that the editor, compositor, printer, reporter.'and; devil has plenty of materials for the work, but the horrible idea suggests itself that the poor fellow who found the money to start the paper is to be the unhappy~model for the, tale;'it is bound to be interestiin. in either case. "With regard to our end s "assertion, respecting :'the cir -culation, we vrea fr~idthat the awful example of the fste of Ananias and Saphira has been forgotten or ignored. We are compelled to hold over a letter from Redcastle, on accouht of its reaching us too late. 