NORTHERN NEWS. ? The Courier's correspondent at Cardwell says : — The agent of the Melbourne Botanical Gar dens here, a Mr. Dellachy, has just returned from a visit to the scrub ea the telegraph line, From its Vast extent, and possessing as it does many magnificent forms of vegetation, this scrub is a splendid field for the researches of the botanist. ' During Mr. Dellachy's visit, Mr. Batho, the Government inspector of the tele graphic work, drew his attention to a very sin gulaif plant of the fern species, the fronds of . which measured twenty feet in length, and as thick as a man's leg at the base (i.e., where joined to the root !) This plant was'brbught into town to-day by a bullock-dray, requiring the assistance of foiir nlen to lift it on to its conveyance. The botanical jname of this gigaiitip fern is, I believe, Avjiqpteris erecta, and was first discovered in this district by Mr. Dellachy in '1864, but the plants met with at that time did not attain . any great size. The present specimen is intended- for shipment to .Melbourne as soon as opportunity -offers. Whilst on this topic I may state that the Kauri pine trees, which abound on the same range of mountains, are of immense proportions, one of them measured by Mr. Dellachy gave 24 feet in circumference ; and many others were seen of much larger size. The work in connection with telegraph ex tenfcionfrom this place toward .'the Gnlf is at present^at a standstill, owing to 'some- hitch wit^i ihe confcracting party. Mr. Sherry, who represents the sureties of the late Mr. Brdwn, is the inanaging iqgn here, and in speaking Iwkh hip. on the matter ^to-dav Im informed me 'that his men have been idle anxst' Saturday last, owing, aa hedaid, to the work of clearing having been completed up to a point as far as the Government officials here (connected with the extension) have marked the line of route ; but on seeking for further information on the subject, I am told by the Government inspec tor of the work, and also by several of Mr. | Sherry's men, that no stoppage whatever oc curred -until Wednesday evening last, when the men were discharged by Mr. Sherry and paid off by him on the following morning. A corresnondftnt of thp. samp, innrnal nn Herbert River writes : — In 'Jottings by a Tattler, '-j in the Sydney Mail of 9th July last, there appears a para graph commencing' thus : ' There is a wild white man on the Herbert River, somewhere in the Northern districts of Queensland — above Cleveland Bay.' It is not my intention to cavil with this statement as regards the exist ence of the ' wild white man' — on this point, suffice it to say that we (who are within a few miles of the locality in question, - which is well known to us) have never come across any wild white man, or traces of his existence, and therefore consider that Dan Defoe's ghost would not profit much by reappearing. The Herbert. River certainly is somewhere in Northern Queensland ; but as this is a very vague definition of its actual position, I have thought a few remarks as to its whereabouts, and the general character of the country along its banks, will not prove unacceptable to your readers. First of all, then, -this river empties itself into the Hinchinbrook channel, about four or five miles from the southern end of the island of Hinchinbrook, and about twenty miles to the southward of the township of Cardwell.- It is a bar river, but beautifully sheltered by the abovenamed-island, under which there is deep anchorage. On the banks of the river, forthe first four miles, is low swampy country, with mangroves to the water's edge ; after which the river becomes more defined, with open country upon either bank, well adapted for the cultivation of sugar-cane; and -upon the right bank of this river, some five thousand acres for this purpose, have already been talrm up. These selections consist of portions of ex tensive plains, reaching from the shores of Halifax Bay on the south, to the base1 of the Sea View or Main Range some fifteen or twenty miles to the westward. This country is some of the richest that can be found in Queensland and although in parts swampy, can be more easily reclaimed by drainage, and at less ex pense than scrub lands could be cleared in more southern localities. From the top of Mount Catherina, an isolated hill on the eastern verge of these plains, you obtain an uninterrupted view of the whole of this splendid district. Our acting Crown Lands Commissioner, Mr. B. G. Sheridan, who has lately been on a tour for the classification of the lands already taken up on the Herbert, and with whom I have con versed, reports most favorably of the country, and says that he has not seen any place in Queensland more suited for the cultivation of sugar cane. This opinion, coming as it does from a gentleman who held until lately the position of Lands Commissioner for the Wide Bay- and Burnett district, also a sugar-growing locality, must be deemed worthy*of some con sideration. This district generally, from what I have seen and gathered from reliable sources, is one in which capital could be invested to the greatest advantage, and the easy access to its magnificent-harbor would at all times facilitate the operations of the future settler. A correspondent at Normantown, writing on the 18th July, says : — Knowing, as I do, that many of your readers are interested in the Gulf, I have much pleasure in forwarding you the following account. Burketown, once the most important; of- our Gulf settlements, is almost abandoned; the number of inhabitants at present remaining is about six. Messrs. B. Towns and Co. have re moved all their commodious stores, erected under the supervision of Mr. Ellis Read. Most of the squatters to the west of Burketown. are either boiluig or removing their stock south. It really appears a great pity to see such mag nificent country deserted as that known as the Table Land, Carnarvon. A settlement was formed on Sweer's Island, by the recommenda tion of Mr. W. Landsborough, which has been the cause of much inconvenience ajl through to the settlers in the Gulf. Had Mr. Lands borough wished to ruin the squatters he could not have taken a step more likely to cause general dissatisfaction, as well as. being the cause of immense inconvenience to the inhabi tants of the mainland. It has ruined many unfortunate men wlio were foolish enough to be led away by the flourishing accounts of what it would be, by W. Landsborough. The island is now I may say deserted, the only people now remaining are, Customs-officor and men, pilot and men. The Black Diamond, steamer, left here about a month since,. to go south; so the only means of conveyance that we have now left is the Lily, schooner. She is supposed to be a regular trader between this and the island. The Norman, being the port at present com manding most of the Gulf country, is in a de plorable state ; the number of inhabitants at present is about seventy, though we generally have an ingress and people passing through to the diggings keeping rip a little stir. R. Towns and Co. are selling out their present stock of goods at reduced rates — viz., damaged flour, £3 10s. per bag ; coffee, 2s. 6d. per lb'; sugar,' tea, rice, jam, vegetables, and clothing are not to be had for money. ' Lynch law' is the order of . the day np at the Cloncurry. An exciting case occurred oh the field a few days ago. A diggerj ' known as ' Tom the Soldier,' was arrested and tried by a jury of twelve, who found Tiiih guilty of stealing a parcel of gold, the property of his mates. The unfortunate Tom protested his in nocence, but had to undergo the penalty pf Mr. Lynch, and receive three cuts each from the juiymen with a stockwhip. The jiuy'men being expert hands with the whip, taught poor Tom a lesson not to be forgotten. After being re leased he was hunted for three miles off the diggings, receiving a similar caution to that given to one ' Jemmy, Chinaman,' in Burke town, 1867. Tom has just arrived in Norman, and applied to our learned Police Magistrate for warrants for the arrest of these parties, which our Police Magistrate has 'refused, stat ing that as a juiy of twelve had found him guilty, he had better leave the matter alone. The Cleveland Bay Express says: — 'The City of 'Melbourne, from Maryborough, has brought Mr. Lord's Central Quartz Crushing Machine, the largest and most elaborate machinery yet landed in Northern' Queensland. It consists of twenty head of stamps, each 1 cwt., to be driven by two engines of 14-horse power and 12-hors'e power respectively.- The machinery, which is capable of crushing ' from 200 to 250 tons per week, is to be sent to Ravenswood, where it will be dividedrinto twb parts— ten stampers being placed at the Upper and ten at the Middle Camp.' The Ravens-, wood correspondent of the same journal writes'; — ' Reefing operations are being car ried on steadily, there being hundreds of tons of stone ready for. crushing, awaiting the ad vent of the new machinery. Plant's machine is up, and will ' probably commence crushing some time next week. Things in general are looldng very brisk here; - Beefs are looking up well on the BurdeMn, All Bowen will be here shortly — numbers are coming in every day. It was reported a few dayi back that a number of . Chinamen were about to pay a j^sit .to these; diggings. If the report be trae, a .'roll up''* will take plafce hiSre, as the dig'gfers 'are not vety partial to the' Johns. New buildings'j&re;'.going. up every day ; 'Bark and Sawn timber Are in great demand.''. ; ? ; ? ' ^ . 1 The Cardweli correspond'ent of*th'e Mackay t Mercury' YrtnteS'.— Our Police Magistrate has been written to by several of the most! influ- ential residents here asking him to communi cate with the authorities on the subject of steam postal communication, and also urging 'the absolute necessity of a new road being made to the interior, following the track of the telegraph' party across the range in the neigh borhood. ' I have, in another communication to you, referred to this new route, which is reported to be an' easy and shorter one to the goldfields 'to the north of us, and it is said that its constl-iictioti would not take,anygreat out ley.' Ifofget'tohfetfaferTinformed you that it is generally ' h&teved; that it is ^generttly belifeyedthat Oti ?the'tivet^MCTt^a»m^iioB river on a totar of inspection!7 ^ J ' 