NEW ZEALAND. THE PARIAKA MEETING-THE AR- ' RIVAL OF TITO KO WARD. On the morning of the 21st September, at- -, telligence was brought to Pariaka that Tito Kowaru was close at hand and the natives at that village left for the purpose of welcoming him in their usual style. Each had a branch of some tree in his hand, which, as they walked, they waved above their heads, at the some time uttering a cry of welcome. As Tito Kowaru and his followers drew- near it was found that they were 80 mon and 6 women. The men are described as being very powerful, and were dressed in the usual bush costume a plaid shawl fastened round their hips, and shirts over their bodies and in the head of each were white feathers.' - Tito Kowaru, with his one eye and horrid looking countenance, was superbly dressed for a Maori chief. He wore a mat made of very fine native flax, the fringe of which was composed of green and white feathers. On his head he had a cap formed from the plumage of some black bird, and in the centre, standing up in front; of the peak, was a scarlet feather. Beneath the mat might be seen a plaid shawl, which was tied _ round his hips, and which reached below his knees ; he also had a new plaid Crimean shirt. On Tito Kowaru coming within speaking distance, much was said both by Mr. Parris and the rebel that it would be impossible to put on paper. Accusations were made on one side to be repudiated by the other, and vice wend. The civil commissioner called on his natives not to look upon the man who had defiled himself. The Ko- warm abused Mr. Paris in return, and so Wednesday passed. Tito Kowaru was then invited into the village, but before entering, when about 100 yards off, they all discharged their firearms, and came forward with their guns unloaded. On the Thursday Tito Kowaru expressed a wish to hear what all the talk had been about. He said he had been a long time dead. MR. Parris then stuck up the sticks, and explained the whole that had been done and To White came from his platform, and again put the sticks under his feet. Nguiro, of Wuirarepu, said he was in favour of the king. Tonini said that Parris had spoken what was perfectly true. The Europeans had sent missionaries to them first, and they had directed them to look up to heaven. Afterwards the Queen had come, and whilst they were looking to lea won the Europeans looked upon the soil. " Those were the wicked things that arrived with the Queen," continued he, holding up a gun ; " those were the teeth which the Queen sent amongst them to bite them." Mr. Parris said he had nothing to say whatever about the missionaries. That was an old story. When the Government came to the country it brought a good many things with it no doubt both good and evil, for Satan always followed the works of God to try and destroy what he did. Nothing was perfect in the world whilst Satan was striving all he could against God's works. The No- wars said to To White, after he had put his feet on the sticks, "I have heard what you have said. If those (meaning the King and Government are to be no more, who is who is the person?" To Whitsitt is 1. I am the only person." Tito Kowaru-" By whom were you be got? To White parried' the question, although asked it many times. At last Tito Kowaru said, " Who is there behind you?" To White- " There is one Father, and Son, and one Holy Ghost ; altogether there are three ; yes, they are three, yet are but one, and that is I. After some more bantering between these two chiefs, Mr. Parris got up and said there was only one way of settling the thing that was by allowing the leading men of the country to meet the Governor, and to talk the matter over, and try to bring about a better state of things. Te Whiti was somewhat excited at this, I because the natives seemed to agree with the civil commissioner's remarks, and some of Tito Kowaiu's people cried out "Paris is right." To White said, " 1 see and hear. You all approve of what Parris has said; even The Reward a people are with him. Go every one of you with him, and fulfil your heart's desire kill and eat each other, rob, got drunk, commit adultery, sell land, make roads-do everything the wicked are intended for-but don't look back on me afterwards." Mr. Burns said, "The task must be gone on with. The roads must be made, and (stretching out ' . his hand to White) give me my children, that I may go and do it." To White made no reply, but endeavoured to laugh it off. Tito Kowaru, coming into the centre with a bright double-barrelled gun in his hand, said, "I have come to Pariaka. I now return to Nga timaru. I shall turn my back upon Taunts Tamaroa and Tuwhana (meaning the whole of the Ngatimaniapoto). Tawhiina's work is his, and I have nothing to do with it. My eyes turn to Ngaire and to the sea. My mind night and day is only thinking of Ngoire. I will never strike another blow unless I am attacked. If my face is scratched I shall re- taliate. Oh, all ye people assembled, J now bid you farewell. I go to my camp for the night, and in the morning leave on my homeward journey." Several asked him to stop, and asked him if he was angry by air leaving no quickly. He said-" No ; but what is there in the talk? I have heard what you said, but I dont see the end. It is useless. You call the people from the right and from the loft-you say nothing-no more." Tito Kowaru then rose, and he and his followers left in a body. Thus ended the Pariaka meeting, over which much excitement has been occasioned all over the colony. EXTRAORDINARY MARRIAGE SCENE. We take the following from the report appearing in the Tarakan Herald, of the great native meeting at Pariaka, at which Mr. Civil Commissioner Clarke was present :-" Friday September 16 was devoted to a sort of saturn ones amongst the natives, and each hapu endeavoured to outdo the other in the performance of the most grotesque acts in the movements of their limbs and the most horrible contortions of the face. During the day To White was married to Mr. Parris in the following laughable manner To White " brought forward a large trough, about three feet long by one foot deep, containing a large quantity of a mixture called 'ellipse,' which is manufactured from rotten maize, &c.; no asked Mr. Parris to come and out with him. The civil commissioner then came forward and said he could eat a hill life,' and would join To White if it was to be in friendship. The old chief looked at Mr. Parris a few seconds, as if weighing the mean- ing of the word spoken, and considered well before he answered whether he should com- mit himself or no. one, however, decided to eat in friendship, and, nodding to Mr. Parris, dipped his hand into the mess, and took some. The civil commissioner followed suit, and had to swallow a quantity of the filthy stuff. To White and Mr. Parks then took hold of the trough and conveyed it to one of the house, where it was divided amongst the people assembled. Mr. Parris, to complete the conso- , cration of the marriage, sent to his tent for a bottle of wine, and a large damper with currants in it and, taking the former from the messenger, poured out a glass, and handed it to To White, calling upon a native priest who was present to perform the ceremony of may rage between To White and Parris.' The wine was drunk, and a portion of the cake eaten by the chief. As part of the ceremony consisted in others partaking of a portion of the wine, a native gave a taste to w* by pouring a small quantity into tholrwontu* to wash followed by another man wife damper, and each Mwri inch timbers . down," ( 