LITERATURE. MALBONE. AN OLDPQBT BOhLANCE. PBELUDE. As one wanders along this south-western pro montory of the Isle of Peace, and looks down upon the green translucent water which for ever bathes the marble slopes of the Pirates' Cave, it is natural to think of the ten wrecks with which the past winter has strewn this shore. Though almost all trace of j their presence is already gone, yet their mere I memory lends to these cliffs a human interest. Where a stranded vessel lies, thither all steps converge, so long as one plank remains upon another. There centres the emotion. All else I is but the setting, and the eye sweeps with indif- I ference the line of unpeopled rocks. They are barren, till the imagination has tenanted them with possibilities and danger and dismay. The ocean provides the scenery and properties of a perpetual tragedy, but the interest arrives with the performers. Till then the shores remain vacant, like the great conventional arm-chairs of the French drama, that wait for Rachel to come and J die. Yet as I ride 8long this fashionable avenue in August, and watch the procession of the young j and fair, — as I look at stately houses, from each of which has gone forth almost within my memory a funeral or a bride, — then every thoroughfare of human life becomes in fancy but an ocean 6hore, with its ripples and its wrecks. On© learns, in growing older, that no fiction can be so strange nor appear so improbable as would the simpie truth ; aud that doubtless even Shakespeare did but timidly transcribe a few of the deeds and passions he had personally known. For no man of middle age can dare trust himself to portray life in its full intensity, as he has studied or shared it ; he must resolutely set aside as inde- I scribable the things most worth describing, and must expect to be charged with exaggeration, even when he tells the rest. I. — Ax Abbival. It was one of the changing days of our Oldport midsummer. In the morning it had rained in rather a dismal way, and Aunt Jane had said she should put it in her diaiy. It was a very serious I flung for the elements when they got into Aunt Jane's diary. JBy noon the sun came out as clear J and sultry as if there had never been a cloud, the north- east wind died away, the bay was motion less, the first locust of the summer shrilled from I tiie elms, and the robins seemed to be serving up butterflies hot for their insatiable second-brood, while nothing seemed desirable for a human I 1 f I UUv.uwu except ice-cream ana ians. in the afternoon the southwest wind came up the bay, with its line of dark-blue ripple and its delicious coolness; while the hue of the water gr«w more and more intense till we seemed to bo living in the heart of a sapphire. The household eat beneath the largo Western doorway of the old Maxwell House, — the rear door which looks on the water. The house had just been re-occupied by my Aunt June, whoso great-grandfather had built it, though it had for several generations been out of the family, I know no finer specimen of those large colonial houses in which the genius of Sir Christopher I Wren bequeathed traditions of statelinefis to our democratic days. Its central hall has a carved archway ; most of the rooms have painted tiles and are wainscoted to the ceiling ; t he sashes are rea-ceaar, the great staircase mahogany ; there are pilasters with delicate Corinthian capitals ; fchCTe are cherubs heads and wings that go astray and lose themselves in closets and beiiiud glass- aoors; there are curling acanthus-leaves that cluster over shelves sad ledges, and there ore Till DBA -1. -M a « i » cueu-paierns wmca one olteii sees on old furniture, but rarely in houses. The high Iront-door stifljteinB its Ionic cornice : and the western looking on the bay, is sur- mounted by carved fruit and flowers, and is crowned, as is the roof, with that pine-apple in whose symbolic wealth the rich merchants of the last century delighted. r ?tPj6 mosk tiie statelier houses in that region of Oldport, this abode had its rumours of a and of secret chambers. -Xhe ghost had never been properly lionized- nor laid, for Aunt Jane, floe neatest of housekeepers, had; djsepuraged all Uy explorations, hatloHne roquired all barred - wmdowB to be opened all superfluous rig rotten. be taken down, and several higl% eligible dark-closets to be nailed up- If there wasting thing she hated, it was nooks and odd comers. Yet there had been times that year, when the household would have been glbd to find a more such hiding-places ; weeks the house had been so close that the very mioe had been "ill- accqin- . mc&ated; aiidobligd to pit night, wK?|h> diSCOimorfc and many! 10' S/Vfat HfirBfeMiiult had. passed awa;nd now thremine. only the: various nephews l ahd niesces of tii house, including a duepropor- " japh of small cEfldren. Two final guests Were to: "arrive that day, "bringing the latest breath of" Europe on their wings, — Philip Malbone, Hope's betrothed ; and little Emilia, Hope's half- sister. None of the family had seen Emilia since her wandering mother had taken her abroad, a fasci nating spoiled. Child pf .fou£ ,and they were;all eager to eee in how many ways the succeeding twelve years had completed or corrected the . spoiling. As tor rump, ne naa oeen spouea, bs Aunt Jane declared, from the time of his birth; by the joint effort of all friends' and neighbours. Everybody had conspired to carry on the process except Aunt Jane herself, who directed toward him one of her honest, steady, immoveable dis likes which may be said to have dhted back to the time when his father and mother were married, some years before he personally entered on the scene. The New York steamer, detained by the heavy fog of the night before, now came in unwonted daylight up the bay. At the first glimpse, Harry and the boys pushed off in the row-boat ; for, as one of the children said, anybody who had been to Venice would naturally wish to come to the very house in a gondola. In another half-hour there was a great entanglement of embraces at the water-side, for the guests had landed. Maibone's self-poised easy grace was the same as ever ; his chestnut-brown eyes were as winning, his features as handsome; his complexion, too clearly pink for a man, had a sea bronze upon it : he was the same Philip who had left home, though with some added lines of care. But in the bril- liant little fairy beside him all looked iu vain for the Emilia they remembered as a child. Her eyes were more beautiful than -ever, — the darkest violet eyes, that grew luminous with thought and almost black witn sorrow. ier gypsy taste, as j everybody used to call it, still showed itself in j the scarlet and dark blue of her dress ; but the j clouded gypsy tint had gone from her cheek, and j in its place shone a deep carnation, so hard and I brilliant that- it appeared to be enamelled on the j surface, yet so firm and deep-dyed that it seemed j as if not even death could ever blanch it. There | is a kind of beauty that seems made to be painted J on ivory, and such was hers. Only the micro- j scopic pencil of a miniature- painter could portray those slender eyebrows, that arched caressingly over the beautiful eyes, — or the silky hair of darkest chestnut that crept in a wavy line, along the temples, as if longing to meet the brows,— or those unequalled lashes ! " Unnecessarily long,". Aunt Jane afterwards pronounced them; while Kate had to admit that they did indeed give Emilia an overdressed look at breakfast, and that | she ought to have a less showy set to match her | morning costume. ' But what was most irresistible about Emilia, — that which we all noticed in this interview; and which haunted us all thenceforward — was a certain wild, entangled look she wore, as of some untamed out-door thing, and a kind of pathetic lost sweetness in her voice, which made her at j once and for ever a heroine of romance with the j children. Yet she scarcely seemed to heed their existence, and only submitted to the kisses of Hope and Kate as if that were a part of the price of coming home, and|she must pay it. j naa sue oeen alone, mere mignc nave been an awkward pause ; for if you expect a cousin, and j there alights a butterfly of the tropics, what kos- I pitaiiiy can you offer? But no sense of embarrass- meat ever came near Malbone, especially with the children to swarm over him and claim him for their own. Moreover, little Helen got in J the first remark in. the way of serious conversa- 1 tion. ' "Let me tell him something !" said the child. "Philip! that doll of mine that you used to know, only think!' she was sick and died last summer, and went into the rag-bag. And the other split down the back, so there was an end of her.3' Polar ice would have been thawed by this re opening of communication. Philip Boon had the little maid on his r shoulder, — the natural throne of all children,— and they all went in together to greet Auut Jane. Aunt Jane was the head of the house, — a lady who had spent more than fifty years iu educating her brains and battling with her ailments. She had received from her pareuts a considerable inheritance in the way of whims, and had nursed it up into a handsome fort une. Being one of the most impulsive of human beings, she was naturally one of the most entertaining; and behind all her eccentricities there was a fund of the I soundest; sense and the tenderest affection. She j had soon much aud varied society, had been much J admired in her youth, but had chosen to remain j unmarried. Obliged by her physical condition to make herself tho first object., she was saved from J utter selfishness by sympathies as democratic as her personal habits were exclusive. Unexpected and commonly fantastic in her doings, often dis mayed by small difficulties, but never by large 1 ones, she sagaciously administered tho affairs of aU'thoso around her, — planned their dinners and thoir marriages, fought out their bargains and their feud h. Bite haled everything irresolute or vague ; people might play at eat's-cradle or study Spinoza, just as they pleased; but, whatever they did, they must give their minds to it. She kept house from an easy-ohtiir, and ruled her dependants with severity Compered by wit, and by the very sweetest voice in whioh reproof was ever uttered. Bh© never praised them ; but if they did any thing particularly well, rebuked them retrospec tively asking why tney had never done it welP before? But she treated them munificently, made all manner of plans for their comfort, and they all thought her the wisest and the wittiest of the human race. So did t he youths and maidens of her large circle ; they jdl came to see her, and she counselled, admired, scolded, and petted them all. She had the gayest spirits, and an un erring eye for the ludicrous, and she spoke her 'mind with absolute plainuess to all comers- Her intuitions were instantaneous as lightnings and, likethat, struck very often in the wrong place. She was thus extremely unreasonable and alto gether charming. ..j _ . V Buch. was fche lady whom. Emilia and Malbone Went vip to ;grp&ji-L-the; one shyl, the other with an easy assurance, such aa ehe always disliked. mlht._sabmitfced to another hiss, s while Philip pressed Aunt Jane's -hand, as he pressed. . all women's, and they sat down. v. : .. " Now begin to Tell yohr adventurer, "H said People always tell their adventures till- can have my adventures left," said hiljp, after such letters as I wrote you 'ytiuch we got precisely one V' said Kate. "Tl6nade it such an event, after we had woiidelid in what part of the globe- you might be looking for the post-office ! It ; was like finding a lottor in a bottle, or disentangling a person £tom the Dark Ages." ; ' ' ' 5 " I was at Neucbatel two months ; but I had no adventures. I lodged with a good pasteur s who taught me geology and German." . " That is suspicious," said Kate. " Had he a daughter passing fair ?" - r '"Indeed he had." ? And you taught her English? That is what these beguiling youths always do in novels." " Xe" " What was her name ? Lili." " What a pretty name ! - How old was she ?" . " She. was six," " O "Philip !" cried Kate ; " but I might have known it. Did 'she love you very much ?" Hope looked up, her eyes full of mild reproach at the possibility of doubting auy child's love for Philip. He had been, her betrothed for more than a year, Juring which time she had habitually seen him wooing every child he had met as if it were a woman,- — which, for Philip, was saying a great deaL Happily they had in common the one trait af perfect amiability, and she knew no more how to be jealous than he to be constant. "Liliwas easily won," he said. Other things being equal, people of six prefer that man who is tallest." - " Philip is not so very tell," said the eldest of the boys, who was listening eagerly, -and growing rapidly. " No," said Philip, meekly. " But then the ptasfeur was short, and his brother was a dwarf." s- " When Lili found that she could reach the ceiling from Mr. Maibone's shoulder, said Emilia, " she asked no more." " Then you knew the pastor's family also, my child," said Aunt Jane looking at her kindly and a little keenly. I was allowed to go tnere sometimes, sne began timidly. " To meet her American Cousin," interrupted Philip. I got some relaxation in the rules of the school, but, Aunt Jane, you have told us nothing about your health." \- " There is nothing to tell," she answered. " I should like, if it were convenient, to be a little better. But in this life, if one can walk across the floor, and not be an idiot, it is something. That is all I aim at." " Isn't it rather tiresome ?" said Emilia, as the elder lady happened to look at her. " Not at all," said Aunt J ane, composedly. " I naturally tell back into happiness, when left to my self." " So you have returned to the house of your fathers," said Philip. " I hope you like it." " It is commonplace in one respeet," said Auut J aue. ; " GreneraTWashington once slept'fiere." " Oh !" said- Philip. "It is one of that class of ! houses ?" " Yes," said she. "There is not a village in America that has not half-a-dozen of them, not- counting those where he only breakfasted. Did ever man sleep like that .man? What else could he ever have done ? Who governed, I wonder, while he was asleep? How he must have travelled ! The swiftest horse could scarcely have- carried him from one of these houses to another." " I never was much attached to the memory of Washington, meditated. Jfhilip ; " but i always thought it was the pear-tree. It must have been that he was such a very unsettled person." " He certainly was not what is called a domestic character," said Aunt Jane. " I suppose you are, Miss Maxwell," said Philip. ! " Do you often go out ?" " Sometimes, to drive," said Aunt Jane. "Yes terday I went shopping with Kate, and sat in the carriage while she bought undersleeves enough for a centipede. It is always so with that child. People talk about the trouble of getting a daughter ready to be married; but it is like being married once a month to live with her." "I wonder that you take her to drive with you," suggested Philip, sympathetically. " It is a great deal worse to drive without her." said the impetuous lady. " She is the only per son who lets me enjoy things, and now I cannot enjoy them in her absence. Yesterday I drove alone over the three beaches, and left her at home with a dress-maker. Never did I see so many lines of surf; but they only seemed to me like edme of Kate's ball-dresses, with the prevail ing flounces six deep. I was ee enraged that she was not there I wished to cover my face with; my handkerchief. By the third beach I was ready for the madhouse.". . ">: — "Is ddport a pleasant place to live in?"" asked Emilia, eagerly. " It. is amusing in the summer," said Aunt Jane, " though the society is nothing but a pack of visiting-cards. Iu winter it is too dull for young people, and only suits quiet old women like me, who merely live here to keep the Ten Command ments aud darn their stockings." Meantime the children were aiming at Emilia, whose butterfly looks amazed and charmed them, but who evidently did not know what to do with their eager aftection- " I know about you," said little Helen ; " I know what yon said when you were little." " Did I say anything ?" asked Emilia, care- . lesaly. " Yes," replied the child, and began to repeat the oft-told domestic tradition in an accurate way, as if it were a school lessou. " Once you had been naughty, and your papa thought it was his duty to slap you, and you cried; and he told you iu French, because lie always spoke French with you, that he did not punish you for his own pleasure. Then you- stopped crying, and asked, Pour te plaisir cle qui alors V That mean For whose pleasure then ?' "Hope said it was a droll question for a little girl to ask." " I do not think it was Emilia who nuked tli4 remarkable question, little girl," said Kate. "I dare say it was," said Emilia ; "I have been asking it aft my life." Her eyes grew very moist, what with fatigue and excitement. But just then, as is apt to happen in this world, they were all suddenly recalled from tears -to tea, and the children smothered their curiosity in straw berries #nd cream. " - ; j . - , They sat again beside the western door, after tea. The young moon came from a cloud hud Jjf0?? Patil of gtoy upon the : lay ; & Wack Jactftghded noiselessly io, and anchored amid this tract of splendour: The shbdow of ite the luminous surfape, while their a different angle, and aeemed to penetrate far beiow. Then the departing steamer went flashing across this bright realm with gor geous lustre ; its red. and green lights were doubled in the paler waves, ite four reflected dfiimneys chased each other among the reflected ihasts. This jewelled wonder parsing, a single fishing-boat <mf ted silently by, with ite one dark sail'; and then the moou and the anchored yacht wene left alone. . . )s /' Presently some! of The luggage came from the wharf, MaLboue brought out pre-ents for every body ; then all the fomiiy went to- Europe in photographs, and with some reluctance came back to America for bed. II. — Place attx Dames ! In every town, there is one young maiden who is the universal favourite, who belongs to all i sets, and is made an exception to all family fouds, who is the confidante of all girls, and the adopted sister of all young men up to the time when they respectively offer themselves to her, and again after they are rejected. This' "post was filled in Oldport in those days by my cousin Kate. "Born, into the world with many other gifts, this last and least definable gift of popularity was added to complete them all. Nobody criti cised her, nobody was jealous - . of her, her veiy rivals lent her their new music, aud her own discarded wooers always sought her to be a bridesmaid when they married, somebody else. She was one of those persons who seem to have come into the world well-dressed. There was an atmosphere of elegance around her, lite a costume; eveiy attitude implied a presence-chamber jor a ball- room. The girls complained that in - private theatricals no combination' of disguises eould | reduce Kate to the ranks, nor give her the | " make-up " of a waiting-maid. Yet. as her father j was a. New York merchant of the precarious or ! spasmodic description, she had been used from childhood to the, wildest fluctuations of wardrobe; — a year of Paris dresses, — then an other year spent in making over ancient finery, that never looked like either finery or antiquity j when it came from her magic hands. Without a particle of vanity or fear, secure in health and J good-nature .and invariable prettiness, she cared 1 little whether the appointed means of grace were j ancient silk or modern muslin. In her periods | of poverty, she made no secret of the necessary devices ; the other girls, of course, gaessed them, but her lovers never did, because she always told them in advance. There was one particular tarlatan dress of hers which was a sort of local institution. It was known to all her companions, like the State House. There was . a report that j she had first worn it at her christening; the i report originated with herself. The young men knew that she was going to the party if she coold turn that pink tarlatan once more ; but they had only the vaguest impression what a tarlatan was, and cared little on which side it was worn, so long as Kate was inside. 1 During three epochs of privation her life, in j rASTiwI". f.r» XCAR ft nfti-TlAf-.il ftl' nh-riof.maa.f-i-oo I of second-hand gifts. Wealthy aunts supplied her with cast-off shoes of all sizes from two and a half tip to five, and she used them all.. She was reported to have worn one straw hat through five changes of fashion. It was averred that, when square crowns were in vogue, she flattened it over a tin- pan ; and that, when round crowns returned, she bent it on the bed-post. There was such a j charm in her way of adapting these treasures, that the other girls liked to test her with new problems in the way of millinery and dress- mak ing ;.millionnaire friends implored her to trim j their hats, and lent her their own things in order I to learn how to wear them; This applied espe- I cially to certain rich cousins, shy and studious I girls, who adored her, and to whom society only I ceased to be alarming when the brilliant Kate took them nnder her wing, and graciously accepted a few of their newest feathers. Weil might they acquiesce, for she stood by them superbly, and her most favoured partners found no way to her hand so sure as to dance systemati cally through that staid sisterhood. Dear, sun- ; shiny, gracious, generous Kate! — who has ever done justice to the charm given to this grave old i world by the presence of one free-hearted and ! joyous girl ? j At the time now to be described, however, Kate's purse was well-filled; and if she wore only second-best finery, it was because she had lent her veiy best to somebody else. All that her doting father asked was to pay for her dresses and to see her wear them ; and if her friends wore a part of them, it only made necessarv a larger wardrobe, and more varied and pleasurable shopping. She was as good a manager in wealth as in poverty, wasted nothing, took exquisite care of eveiything, and saved .faithfully for some one else all that was not needed for her own pretty person. Pretty she was "throughout, from the parting of her raven hair to the high instep of - her slender foot; a glancing brilliant brunette beauty, with the piquant charm of perpetual spirite and the eauinoise of a Dcrfecfclv "heftllW nutiiro SKo it.. altogether graceful, yet she had not the firesh, free grace of her cousin Hope, who was lithe aud strong as a hawthorn spray: Kate's was the nar rower grace of chlture grown hereditary, an in-door elegance that was born in her, and of which daHcing-school was but. the natural development. You could not picture Hope to your mind in one position more than in another ; she had an endless variety of easy motion. When you thought of Kate, you remembered precisely how she sat, how she stood, and how she walked. That was all, and it was always the same. But is not that enough ? We do not ask of Mary Stuart's por trait that it should represent her in more than one attitude, and why should a living beauty heed more than two or three ? Kate was betrothed to her cousin Harry, Hope's brother; aud, though she was barely twenty, they had seemed to appertain to each other for a time so long that the memory of man or maiden aunt ran not to the contrary. She always declared, indeed, that they were born married, and that their wedding-day would seem like a silver weddincr. H imo nmi I . - O' UilUKJ trusive, and manly. He might seem common place at first beside the brilliant Kate and his more gifted sister; hut thorough manhood ib never commonplace, and he was a person to whom, one could anchor. His strong, steadfest physique yras the type of his whole nature ; when he came into the room, you felt as if a good in&ny; people had been added to the company. He made steady progress in Ins profession of the law, through sheer worth ; he never . dazzled, but he led. His type was pure Saxon, with short curl ing hair, blue "eyes, and thm, teir skin, to "which the colour readily , mounted. " Hp to a certain point he was imperturbably patient pnGl flmi&ble;, but, when over-taxed, was fiery and impetuous » single instant, and no aaairt. It seemed as" ifa suddea flash ofanger went over -Eke the flash that glides along the glutinous stem ei the | fraxinella, wheu you touch it with a canrii! next moment it- had utterly vanished. 1 H Jorgotten as if it had never been. m Kate |ove for her lover was one « healthy afld assured tics that often oS ardours of moreqmssionate natures tempcrapbnts it might have been" in J but theirt matched perfectly, and it. cient for them. If there was wif hin Kate' a more heroic and ardent emotion tha iuspirtf| |iy Harry, -It' put fortw Hope. This was her idolatry ; she al tliat it was forfcu nate Hope was Hal's shte should have felt- it her duty to give tliei/l01 other, and not die till the wedding Was plished. Harry shared this adoration t a reasonable extent, for a brother- b admiration for Philip Malbone was one did npt quite share. Harry's quieter natu e been dazzled from childhood by Philip, always been a privileged guest in ths L..r! M j Kate's clear, penetrating, - buoyant natnT j j divined Phil's weakness, and had sortu j laughed at tbem, even from lier chill | though she did not dislike him fl 00' did not dislike " anybody. But B j J was raagnetized by him very much zs were ; believed him true, because he was t and calling him only fastidious where KjOai, 'I Jhiihlazy. , - ' cj j Kate was spending that summer with hep A- ! j Jane, whose especial pet and pride she was r was spending there the summer vacation Tf Normal School in which she had just bf! teacher. Her tether had shared in the fwil ups and downs, but had finally stayed <fo?| while the rest had remained up. Tortunawj his elder children were indifferent to thi? . j1 indeed rather "preferred it ; it was a traditi I I that Hope had expressed the wish, when achiWl that her tether might lose his property, she could became a teacher. As for Harry h 1 I infinitely preferred the cfrudgeiy of a law offirfj ; to that of a gentleman of leisure ; and as for their step- mother, it turned out, when 6he was left n j widow, that she had secured for herself and Emilia whatever property remained, so that sh# suffered only the delightful need of Europe for economy. The elder brother and sister had alilw «... physical rigour which New England is nov . . loping, just in time to save it from decay. . . was of Saxon type, though a shade less Won , , her brother ; she was a little teller, and of commanding presence, with a peculiarly carriage of the shoulders. Her brow was times criticised as being a Kttle too full woman; hut her nose was straight, her j, | and teeth, beautiful, and her profile almost I feet. Her complexion had lost by out-do something of its delicacy, but had gained a . ness and firmness that no sunlight could ii j She had that wealth of hair which young - J find the most enviable point of beauty in other. Hera reached below her knees. j I Auu3cucu> ur Clec COU6Q. Iu UTQHillCBUt I E j ofgold fall of sparkling lights and cont: j shadows, upon her queenly head. J Her eyes were much darker than her hair .ar ; t : I a way of opening naioely and suddenly, with . j fectly infantine expression, as if she atthat mi .C saw the sunlight for the first time. Her i \ lashes were somewhat like Emilia's, she had the same deeply curved eyebrows ; other point was there a shade of resenib : between the half-sisters. As compared Kate, Hope showed a more abundant pin life ; there was more blood in her ; she h: ampler outlines, aud health more absolutely .. varied, for she had yet to know the experienr a day's illness. Kate seemed bern to tread a Brussels. caroet. and Hone on rbo «nffAr l..r" j of the forest floor. Oat of doers her vigour be ; a sort of ecstacy, and she walked the earth v I j jubilee of the seuses, such has Browning 1 butes to his Saul. 1 Tins inexhaustible freshness of physical ov | ization seemed to open the windows of her I . and make for lier'a new heaven and earth i I day. It gave also a peculiar and almost er. I rassing directness in her mental processes, I suggested in them a sort of final and abs j value, as if truth had for the first time fov I perfectly translucent medium. It was no 1 much that she said rare -things, but her 8 silence was eloquent, and there was a great 1 of it. Her girlhood had in it a certain dignit I of a virgin, priestess or sibyl. Yet her b< I sympathies arid her healthy energy made h 1 home in daily life, and in it a democratic soc-1 I To Kate, for instance, she was a necessity of i tence, like light or air- Kate's nature 8 limited ; part of her graceful equipoise was i rowness. Hope was -capable of far more B abandonment to a controlling emotion, an- | she ever erred, would err more widely, foritw I be because the whole power of her consci I was misdirected. " Once let her take wronj I right," said Aunt Jane," and stop her if you I these born saints give a great deal more tro I nil -» t » n 1 1 .1. r I 1 - - - - "TT _ 1. . Tt . i uuu uuuuiuu hi tuih woriu, lukp suj jui v in daily life ;Hope yielded to her cousin 5 times out of ten ; but the tenth time was tee to the situation. Hope loved Kate demote = f but Kate believed in her as the hunted fug believes in the north star. To these maidens, thus united, came En. ' home from Europe. The father of Harry i Hope had been lured into a second man I with Emilia's mother, a charming and unsci lous woman, bom with an American bodv »' French soul. She having once won him tnB held him there life long, and kept her step-- dren at a safe distance. She arranged i even after her own death, her daughter sh> H still remain abroad for education ; nor was > lia ordered back until she brought down scandal by a romantic attempt to elope & |! boarding- school with a Swiss servant. It | weaning her heart from this man that To I Malbone had earned the thanks of the » | hnnsehp|rf during Ma hasty flight through Eur | He posseesed some skill in withdrawing | female heart from an undesirable attacbm | tnouga ii> ww w w — o k other. It was fortunate that, in this case < i foara could be entertained. Since hh I ment Philip had not permitted himsrfl ;' I much as a flirtation ; he and Hope were ti | married soon ; he loved and admired her ; 1 and had an indiflhrence to her want j that was quite amazing, when we 11 i he had a fortune of his own. (TO BE C0KTTK1TED. Litbraby reputatiom otessionsHy ( grief " over the way." The (U -S-) tt speaks pf Artemus Ward its a " m it 1 s ees no wit in his.ellttg efor« w « f same paper states thst the would-W t tII frearipseod'JooBto J » Mr. Shaw)te2ver «e hit till he R®1; J \ japdhng. I 