NEW WESLEYAN CHUBCH, DAVEY- STBEEr. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the New Wesleyan Cburch, Davey-6treet, postponed from Wednesday in consequence of the inclemency of the weather, took place yesterday afternoon. The weather was s',ill threatening, which of course, interfered considerably w ith the attendance. Before noticing theceremony, we may perhaps as well state that ihe new church has been built to supply the place of a schoolroom carried on under the management of the Wesleyan Ministers on the Hobart Town Circuit for the last 32 years, in Davey street jusc above Ajitill-street. The school-house has been used on the Sabbath days for services, the duties being performed by the Ministers in the Circuit. The attendance at the school of a Sabbath has averaged 100, giving employment to ten teachers, but the Wesleyan body have for some time past determined to make an effort to erect a more muitable and commodious building for Divine worship and the effort has now culminated in the laying of the foundation stone of the proposed structure, which will be of Gothic Btyle, built of brown stone from Sum-. merhills, Knocklofty, with white stone dressings from Bridgewater. The building will be 54 feet by 38 feet. There will not be any galleries, the roof will be open, partly ceiled, and the seats will be of cedar after the modern style. The contract price for the building, including all the fittings and furnishings, is £1,440, with an extra £110 for architects and superintendence. The architects areMesrs Crouch and Wilson, of Melbourne, and Mr Anderson is the contractor, ( Mr E Rountree being the superintendent architect. Of the amount reqaired to pay for the building £586 odd has been collected by subscription and the proceeds of a bazaar ; £200 of the amounts subscribed having been contributed in sums of £50 each. To the above sum the Wesieyan Conference have added £30o from the building fund at their disposal. Tbe Church when finished will seat about 350 persons. Considerable progress has been made and the foundation course is all laid. The foundation stone was laid by the venerable Henry Hopkins, Esq. Amongst thone present on the occasion were the Bevd John storie. Revd W. A. Quick {President of the Wesleyan Conference), Rev James Hutchison, Bevd Hans Mack, Revd J. Bird,Revd J. Graham, Revd J W. Simmons, Revd B. McLean, Messrs George Wilson, Edward Espie, Revd J. Long. McLean. R. S. Waterhouse, McCormack, Wooley, Marsden, Wm. Smith, W. Wateraouse. Kiplin, Captain Beynon, (of the London barque Quinteros), ic. &c.; The ceremony of yesterday commenced by the Revd Hans >fack calling upon those present to join in the hymn, commencing "Before Jehovah's Awful Throne," after which the Bevd John Storie offered up a prayer invoking the blessing ' of the Almighty on the work they were engaged in. The Revd J. Bird then read part of the 27th chapter of the Book of Chronicles, aud the 122nd Psalm. On the conclusion of this, Mr Wm. Smith, the Secretary to the trustees, read a document showing the state of the trust fuud, as stated above, and also a list of the documents, engrossed on parchment, which it was intended to place in a box beneath the foundation stone. This list included the names of the president and secretary of the Wesleyan Conference, the names of Wesleyan newspapers in the other colonies, and the Hobart Town daily newspapers- The names of the architects and builder, with a short statement respecting the trust fund, was also included, the whole being signed by the trustees as follows :—H. S. Barrett, E. J. Burgess, W. F. Browneil, Thos. Clarke, T. J, Crouch, W- Connor, E. Haw>on, J. Kiplin, A. McLean, W. Smith, and R. S. Waterhouse, Mr Hopkins then came from his carriage, and the stone being adjusted by the builder, he took the trowel and mallet prepared for him (the box con. tainingthe above-mentioned documents being placed inaeavity under the stone), and spreading some mortar under the stone, tapped the stone with the mallet, saying—' I declare this stone now laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and may the blessing of God be upon it; may many souls be brought here ro God. and may the blessing of God attend you. I wish you all success." The venerable gentleman (who showed marks of feebleness) then retired to his carriage. We may mention here that the trowel used ou the occasiou was a very neat one, and a most creditable piece of colonial workmanship. It was made under the supervision of one of the trustees. Mr Ogleby cast the" metal, and Mr James Stewart plated it with silver, Mr Haywood making the handle and mounting it The following inscription was engraved on it by Mr Jarman—"Presented to Henry Hopkins, Esq., J.P., on the occasion of laying the Memorial Sione of the Wesleyan Chapel, Davey- street. Hobart Town, Wednesday, 20th July, 1S70." Mr Hopkins was requested to keep the trowei and mallet as a memento ot the interesting ceremony. On the foundation stone the date of the laying and the name of Henry Hopkins Esq- were inscribe'). After the retirement of Mr Hopkins, the Rev Hans Mack said that he was requested by the trustees to state that the subscriptions and purses could be laid now on the foundation stone in aid of the building fund, which was responded to, and the sum of £17 ds.Gd was collected. The children of tbe Sunday School then sung a hymn," We can a!l do something for JeBus." The Rev W. A. Quick then addressed those present, and expressed tbe gratitude he felt towards Mr Henry Hopkins, their venerable friend, who had oficiated in laying the stone that day ; they were ail glad to see that he (Mr Hopkins) was able to be present, though he had come at great inconvenience to himself. As it was usual on occasions like this to give an account of the religious doctrines of the people who were erecting the edifice, be would do so now. The rev. gentleman then referred to the name Wesleyans, which at first was applied to them as a term of reproach, and said that he he himself liked the term Methodist, though he did not wish to speak with disrespect of that £reat and venerable man John Wesley, who was the founder of their doctrines, he (Rev Mr Quick) hada great veneration for him. He said their body did nor regard aoy. thine; that Wesley wrote as inspired but took it for what it was worth and set a very high value upon his words, and they considered that they were in good agreement with the blessed words of the Bible. Wesley was a great revivalist lather than a great reformer and was raised up by the Holy Father to revive religion in the old country, far before that the lower classes were morally sunk and were in a most brutal condition, and though there were Church doctrines there was very little of Church life. It would be wrong to Bay that there was no bible in the Church of Borne before Luther appeared,for he brought out his proofs from the bible ; so agaiD they could not say the doctrine of justification by faith did not exist before Wesley's time, but he was enabled by the blest ing of God to bring it into circulation- Aud he was the means of building up societies in England, Scotland, Ireland and even in America. The rev. gentleman then reverted to the lives of Wesley, Whitfield, and others who began by preaching out of doors. The societieshe had referred to merged into circuits, a certain number of circuits formed a district, and then several districts formed, a conference, having at its head the ministers. Having dilated upon the discipline of the Church he said that it was said their religion approached more to the Presbyterian than to any other, and he thonght tha Methodist comprised a little of the whole of the religions, and something be might be allowed to say of the best of the other systems, the great thing being to have the pure word of God preached. He said there were come great points which Wesley tried to make permanent and which the Church was now endeavouring also to make permanent. After further interesting remarks the Revd Mr Quick said, as the rain was falling, it would be injudicious to detain his auditors any longer but he would say in conclusion that they came to tbat place friends of all and enemies of none; they did not come new either, for they had been thera a long time already and their effortB had at last been rewarded by the Master of the vineyard. Ho hoped that tbe word of God wonld be listened to attentively, and that the children and young people would be brought up in the ways of tho Lord. They desired to go hand in hand with the other churches in the Island and to sustain the part of their own Church. The rev. gentleman.who hadjbeen listened to throughout with great attention, then closed his address. The pro* ceediugs then terminated. 