" This is true liberty, when freeborn men, Having to ad viae the public, may speak free." MILTOK. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17,1870. AT last there is a prospect of political peace. The new Ministry is formed, and ifc contains the two leaders of the parties so long opposed. Protection and Free-trade, Free-selection and Land law reform, and all the other questions that have so long divided, or been supposed to divide, the House have met and kissed each other in the persons of Sir-JAMBS MARTIN and Mr. ROBERTSON'. It is a coalition, we sup pose, so far as the leaders are con cerned, but it does not seem to be a coalition of parties. The Martinites at any rate, have secured all the places. Mr. ROBKRTSOS is alone with his new friends on the Treasury Bench, and we shall be a little anxious to hoar how his old friends like their desertion. Decidedly, to accustom a man to the fine art of being surprised at nothing, there is nothing like a little study of politics. Who oould have imagined a few months ago, when the MARTIN-C!4?>I.-PARK:E8 party were moving heaven and earth to keop Mr. ROBERTSON out of the House, that half a year would find him their colleague, in the place, too,of their great gun, the able but unfortunate Mr. PARK us ? We have no knowledge yet as to how this wonderful change ?was brought about, nor much grounds for conjecture as to how long it is likely to last. Sir JAMES MARTIN was probably not sorry to weaken the Opposition by thus dexterously cutting off its head ; and Mr. ROBERTSON was doubtless equally glad of the chance he can have so little expected, of saving his official bacon. The worst feature about the affair is, that ho leaves all his old friends behind him, though he may possibly account for that circumstance satisfactorily by urging that none of them were worth taking. There are many, of course, who will bail this union of old rivals as the end of a very needless strife. The differences that have hitherto separated the two par ties have been little more than a purely personal antagonism, with no much more important issue at stake than the old one of place and pay for the luoky. Each pai;tv has had at intervals its in ings, and neither, perhaps, has much to boast of, in this respect, over the other. Weary of a profitless game in which neither sido was long a-winner, they now seem to have made up their minds, like equally skilful pool-players, to divide. It is quite possible that some of Mr; ROBERTSON'S friends may con sider themselves to have been dis gracefully thrown over by their old chief, but should the result bo the substitution of one strong and good Government for two squabbling and scrambling parties, the loss to the billet-hunters will bo a very secondary consideration comparod to the great and it is to be hoped lasting gain to the country. ?f. ;):$}unc'ng> however, over the personal of the new Ministry, one is struck with two things, first, the many ?pointsupon wh'Ch the new Miu isters must agree to differ, and secondly, the very lew upon which they can be expected not to do so. To begin with the two lenders, SIR JAMES MABTW and Mr. ILOBCP.TSO.V, there is scarcely a question that has been before the country for the last ten years upon which these two gentlemen have not takon sides diametrically opposite. On the two or three questions of paramount im portance at the present time, the Railway quostion for instance, the a"d question, and the future financial policy, it would be difficult to find two prominent politicians who3e expressed opinions are more utterly opposed. It is true that an hon. gentleman in opposition and the same lion, gentle man in office are two very different individuals-; but as compromise on these questions is scarcely possible, it | will be interesting to note which of ?the two old rivals has concerted the other-; or, in other words, what were the exact terms of the barg-ain which secured for Sir JA.UBS MARTIN the services as first lieutenant of bis old enemy, Mr. ROBERTSON Of the other members of the Government it is not j necessary to say much. Three of j them have been before in harness, and ! we know exactly what to expect from them. All of them are painstaking industrious officials, and one of them Mr. DOCKEit, something mora ; but their presence in the Ministry indicates nothing- as to its probable policy 1 inasmuch as they would be there what ever it was. The plucky gentleman who has taken the Treasury in hand is according to our tolegram, Mr LORD' a heavy squatter, who, beyond making his own fortune, has never, that we are aware of exhibited much financial probable appointment is that of Mr. G. A. LLOYD, a financier of much wider fame, a man of vast energy indomitable enterprise, and such a happy knack of turning even failure to advantage, that in his hands there can be little doubt of oar resources being made the mbst of. The Iaston the list, but we may be quite sure by no means the least, at anv rate in his owu estimation, is Mr. WINDEYBR the new Solicitor-General. As a politician we do not much believe in this gentleman. He has the misfor tune to bear a great political name in the brief history of New South Wales and .thus to some extent to be the victim of expectations which it is" perhaps not .his fault that he has been withiV°l falfiU' T° be an orator witheut ^eloquence, and a statesman without brains, is clearly not an easy ??i ft iS .fc0 this impossible task that the rnaym nommis umbra has impelled Mr. WINDEVER. He will make, however, a very respectable Crown Prosecutor, and that to . a Jrremier who is also Attorney-General is probably sufficient recommendation. Upon the whole, with the exception of the two leading members, the Ministry is not individually strong. 'What it may be collectively, in the absence of any organised opposition, and with everything m its favour that a country thoroughly sick of party quarrels can give it, is now both the great question and the great hope of the future. THE old couplet " Where ignorance is bliss, etc." is strongly recalled by the recent lecture of the Rev. Mr. FALCONER. The general joy, sinful as it now appears to have been, of our Carnival week, would have been considerably damped if we had all known that there was " a chiel aroang us takin' notes," not for a sympathetic report of our little festivities, but-for a sermon. There is something terrible in the idea of this very virtuous gentleman taking stock of our " cakes and ale," frowning grimly at servant-girls "out for the afternoon," and detecting, with the keen scent oi the " unco' guid," mortal sin under a starched muslin, and perdition utter and irretrievable in a pair of Mr. HUNTER'S best earrings. Still more dreadful is it to think of him hovering harpy-like over the supper-table of the Race-ball, or like the ghost of BANQUO, paralysing with his gloomy presence the after-dinner brilliancy of the5' Pas toral Association. Fortunately, how ; ever, we knew nothing of all this. The fell fisher of men and morals was indeed abroad, but his presence, hap pily, cast no shadow on the sparkling stream where " All unconscious of their fato, The little victims played." The rev. lecturer, notwithstanding the strong provocation he must have laboured under during that dreadful week, was good enough to withhold the wet blanket of his wrath until our " unholy fire " had pretty nearly burnt itself out. The bulls-as offensive, apparently, to the worthy disciple of JOHN KNOX as their Papal relatives had gone home again, like the sheep in the nursery rhyme, " with all their tails behind them ; " the servant girls had gone home also, as little the worse, it is to be hoped, for their brief holiday as the rev. gentleman himself for his first trip to" the races; the last " swindle " of that abomination to the orthodox Presbyterian, the Bazaar, had been perpetrated, and the last pound netted for the benefit of a sister Church; even the very remnants of the feast the reverend lecturer so much begrudged had been gathered up, and had gono probably, where at least he could have no object in following them-to the pigs. Then, when exhaustion had suc ceeded excess, when-if one may ven ture to quote SWINBURNE in such ghostly oompany- there waB nothing loft of our merry madness but the "dull ashes of a dead desire," the hose was turned on, and we were dronched with such a stream of holy eloquence as only can flow from one of those " ohosen vessels " whose chief use in the economy of I Nature is to scald their neighbours. [ Wo do riot intend to object to the ' infliction. Aa the reverend gentleman would tell us, the ways of Providence are mysterious, and there may possibly be some excuse somewhere even for such a lecture as Mr. FALCONER'S. We shall not quarrel with his denunciation of the Races and the Pastoral Show though, if common gratitude be as much a virtue to a Presbyterian minister as it is to many loss preten tious people, we might at least have expected in this instauco, silence about both-nor even with his delicate defi nition of waltzing', which was probably as sincere as it was certainly obscene. Compared with this new light of virtue and morality, if not exactly of manners, we are doubtless very poor people; J and he mast pardon us for declining to discuss with him such delicate ques tions, however suitable they may -be for clerical investigation, as the petti coats of our servant-g'irls, or the doubt less virtue of our wives and daughters, dancing recklessly, as he would prob ably put it,,on the;,giddy slopes of sin. We may even admit his perfect right to take as soar and as narrow a view of other people's pleasures as his nature and training dictate, and to do his best to mar the mirth he cannot share by the interposition of his Death's-head moralisings. All that we would ask of our reverend critic is, to give us credit in his next lecture for the possession of at least one virtue, viz.-the charity that forgets a vulgar insult in pity for the ignorance, the vanity, or simply the folly of-its author. 