PRIESTHOOD. Conlhmed from onr last.) I now appro.acli the ground mioii which such a claim to priesthood as I havo dcsciibed is advanced by some of the clergy of the Engliisli Churcli. Tiioy have a right, it we argue in this Avay against them, and invite a lai'go assemblage of our fellow-citizens to hear n.s— tbcy liave\ right that wo .sliould deal fairly witli what they consider tho strength of tlieir position. I have no wish wliatcver to deal partiallj', or wilfully to avoid anything that would make for their Claim. .1. cannot:, inueeil, make any large quotations from tlioinsolves. I would con sider that a waste of j'our time, but I will endeavour to avoid any uiisreprescntation of what they have said. The claim is grounded upon their interpreta tion of the language of Holy Soripture iu the first place. First, upon the Language addressed to St. .Peter wlion our Lord said, "I will give unto you the Icoys of tho kingdom of heaven ; and whatsoever tlion shalt bind on eartli, sliall bo bound in heaven " — words which ho aftor- Avards repeated to all his Apostles, "Whatso ever yo sh.all bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, .and udiatsoover ye shall loose on e:irth, shall be loosed in heaven-" And once more upon the langu.ago Avliieli Ho addressed to ton of the tAvelve disqiplcs in tlio evening of tlie day ho rose from the dead, Avhen he said, "As my Father hatli sent me, even so send I you. And Avheii Ho had said tliis. Ho breathed on them, and said, unto them, " .Receive ye the Holy Ghost; Avhose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted to them ; and Avhose soever sins ye retain, they aro retained." These are solcuin aa'ords ; and if Ave refuse to receive the meaning attached to tlioni Viy some of our brethren, avo are bound, I think, in all fairness to give Avhat wo ourselA'cs consider the meaning— not only to object; but, if avo can to instruct. Ill the first place, we observe that a parallel i.i liore struck in ordinary language between the ;Li)rd's OAvn mission aud the mission then and there committed to his Apostles. "As mv Father hath sent me, even so send I jmu." lii considering this parallel diacrimiuation is neces sary, because, as j'ou Avill soon perceive, it is not absolute, — it is not ajiplicable in every point. The Father sent the Son to make an .atonement by his OAHi blood of the sins of the Avorld. It has never been pretended on any .side that the Son sent the Apostla.s to make an atonoineiit by their blood for the sins of the Avorld. Here there is no jiarallel, Again ; the Fatlier sent the Son to take human iicsli, to cany it success fully aud triumphantly through ileatli to glory Avithout .seeing uonaiptioii. it luis never been pretended tliat the Son sent the Apostles .like- Avise to carr' human flesh through death triumphantly to glory. Tliey died, .and their sepulclires arc witli us to this daja Hero there is no parallel. But in some points tliere must be a parallel, ami an impiortant one ; and so there is. As the ''athor sent the Son to speak iu his name and Aidtli his authority, so that who ever lieard the Son heard Him, and AvhosoeA'er Believed the Son believed Him, and AvIiosoe\mr de.spised tlie .'hm despised Mini, — even so the Son sent the -A postles to sjieak in hiis name. So He said to them— "Ho that hoareth you hearoth me ; and ho that dcspiseth jmu de.spi.soth lue ; .and he that do.spiscth me dosiiisetli Him that sent me." Again, the Father sent the Sou to Avork mma- clcs, ill .attestation' of tho truth of His Avord. .He declared Himself to be the true Avitness, testifjdiig aa-lnit ile had soon ; and in attesta tion of this elaini H e appealed to His Avorks : " The Avorks Avliich the Father hath given Me to finish, tho same Avoiks'tliat 1 do;' boar Avit- no:s3 of Me that the F.ather h.ath sent mo." In like manner the Son sent the Aiiostles, and commissioued them to Avork miracies in atcuita- tion of their mjs.sion, — to heal the sick, cle.'iise the lepur.s, raise the dead. " Freely yc have received, freely giA'c." And they did so. Tbey Avent forth preaching everywhere, the Lord working Avith them, and eonfirining. the Avord with signs following. These are inirallels. Thus, iu the matter oi making atonement there is no parallel ; and in tlic matter of .speaking the tru th infallibly there Is a parallel. It roinains to lie examined, whether in the matter of forgiA'ing sins there is a par.allol or not. It may ho as exclu.sivelj'' the Sou's Avork, lis atonoiueiit Avas ; or it may be as eommoii to Him and His Apostles, a.s Avorking miracles Avas. Which is_ tlio truth ? Wlucliilid Jesus me.an when He said : " AVliosesoever sins yo remit, the.v arc remitted to thoiu ; and AvJiosasoevcr sins ye retain, thiy are retained." ' What is the nieanhig of these Avords ? Two iuteipretatioiis aie given to them. TheA"- arc taken citlior to mean an ajiplicatioii to the prr- ;ir)iis of men, confurring on tlio Apoatlcs judicial ijowcrs to panl m or coiuloaiii ; or to the c/taj-- of inoii in the light of God's rovoaled truth, conferring upon tho Ainistlos infallible inspiration to declare what description of men arc condoinned. I ijray you to consider for a inoniont the first interpretation of these words. Taken in the first souse, they invest the Apos tles with absolute authority to loose or bind, to ,irdon or not 'to pardon, just as they pleased. There is no mention of the state of mind of the person, no allusion to his f.aith, to his opinions, to his charaoter, or snfl'ering. 'J'hore is no ro- .striction. Tho whole power is left uncondi tionally in tlio hands of the Aiio.stle.s, - as if the Jiord liad said to theni, Go ye into the Avmdd ; bo ye judges for eternity between man and man; whoih yon will, pardon ; whom you will, con demn ; salvation and damnation are in your liamls. i'oa act as Cfoil. ' WJioseaoevor sins vc veinit, they are remitted ; ivhosesoevor sins ye retain, they .wo retained. " Now, this is no 'eai'icatui'c. This is taking the u'ords as thoy were. Supposing this to be tlio literal ins.aning of the words, Avithout paraplirasc, without liaving rccour.so to any evasion, tliis, 1 say. Is no earieatnre of the ciaiin started by those ndio t.ike this interprcfcaiiion of the words. If it would nob take mo airay from my immediate Huhjoet, I could give an illustration of tliis, — that tlio claim put forth by the head of tho great ajiostaey is in strict accordance Avith this vicAAT of -the ease. Ke has eiaiined autlvority over men and nations and claims to be heard over all States and Kingdoms on tho very plea that tills is the moaning of these Avords. .fhose who claim loss than this, and yet maintain this intcrjirctivtioii of the Ai'oi'ds, are obliged to intro duce some paraihrasc of iiiodifioation. Thoy do what they accuse u.s of doing. HuO avo intro duce no modification, as you Avill .so i. 'I'he socoiul iiitcrpret'ition of tho Avords is that the Lord Jesus Ghiist g.ivo to tho Apostles power and authority to state J is trubli so in- falliblj' that their statements, in their apjilica- tioii to cA'cry man upon cartli, Avould bo found in aedordancc Avifh the decision of tho God of heaven ; as if Jesus had said to them, Go forth .among men, tuatih niy truth : you arc in pos- .scBsion of tho mind nfGod Avith regard to tho s.alvation of men ; Avhen jmu deelaro on earth Avhat description of men arc conilemncd, .again you are in strict accordance with tho mind of God. You sjjcalc us God. It is in truth not you th.at spoak, but tho Holi' Gho.st that speakoth liy you. Tliis is no eavieaVuro on the other side. Tliis is precisely Avhat AA'as claimed for the Apostles — th.at thoy had ploriary inspi ration. They spoke as God. I ask no para- plir.ase, hut, taking this as the lueaning of the Avorrls, I claim its a'osolutc application to the men to Avhom it Avas addressed. , axow, Avuieii oi uneso is cue true lueatiiin' of the words '1 This is the rjuostion to be tncd, .and how shall wo try it ? I propose to try it on fiA'c diderciit is3ue.s. I. Pirst, Ave impure about tho v/oi-ds thom- .sclvcs. Can avc ascertain in any way Avhcthcr tho Jews Avoro in the liahit, in our Saviour's time, of using such Avords ; if so, in Avliafc sense did they use them '( Thoro is nothing in IToly Scripture to answer that ; and thcroforc. in ex- .amiiiiug it, avo must rely upon ..fallihlo -testi mony. but m an historical matter of tliis kind tho testimony of man is ordinarily sufficient Avhcro there is no assignafilo reason wliy he should deoelA'c. Noav, it is on record that the JcAVs Avere in the habit of using such Avords as those, and I quote as a passage from Lightfoot, in the third a'olunic of his Cominontary, Avhcro he says that binding and loosing in their viiKar .speech signified to prohibit .and to permit, or to to.acli Avliat is prohibited or permitted, Avhat lawful or unlaAvfiil : — "Our Avise men say that in .Tudah they did work on tlie Fassovor cvo till noon, but in Galileo lint at all, and as for the night, tho school of fSbammai houml it, that is, forb ule to work 111 it, or taught that it AA-as iiiilaAvful ; but the school of Hillel loose, I it till sunrisiiig or taught that- it Avas laAvful to Avork till suiirifo. Ivibbi fJocluiUtin wciifc iVoiii Tsipnoris to Ti- beniis ; ho siiith, ' Why bi'ourhfc ye to mc this older <or Aviuit I loose lie hinds, anil what 1 bind he Joosefcli.' -Iho Scribes haA'e bound leaven,' th.at is, they li.ave proliibitetl it. 'They li.aA'o, upon ne- eossity loosed s.alutatiou on tho S.abbath i e thoy have permitted it, or taught tliat it was iaAvfnl. A.ichuiii asked Itabbi Jocliaiiaii coiiceruiii" a certain matter, to whom lie replied, ' Thou shalt neither hind nor loose.' "llabbi Oaiia s.Aid, ' Wh.atsooA'er I haA'e bound to you olseAA'here, 1 Avill loose to you here. ' The inouth that bindeth is the mouth that loosoth, &c.; Thousands of instances of this nature might bo produced, by all Avhioh it 13 clear that the .Jcavs' use of the phrase aa'os of then- doctors or learned men'.s Uachmn Avhat was lawful and permitted, and what was un- Jawful and prolnbitcd. Hence is that definition ofsuchinensolhee and Avork : 'A Avise man, t.iat pid"obh judgment makcth uneleaii and waketh clean, — ' bmdetli aiid loosetli,' that is, i''' unelean, Aviiat is jier- tlfp" pvphibited Ajid Alainumides, and ?n 1 ordaining of elders, Zfvined they Avore limn that -is fit-to ordain him to matlrs of innlct, &e; ' th-it tL -"r of, one to that fill, etioiiAvldeh aa-.-is iuorc'SoJci?y mimstenal,. or to teach the people tlicir d- lb Avhat Avas lawful Avliat not ; wlmt thoy Avero to fto, AA-hat not to do, Avas to such a purnosc or iusudi.a tenour as this, 'Take thor powm- to looi.''f r ""' is bound and loose, tor tnoy use both expressions. '1?- lihr.a.se 111 the nation, the meaning of C'lirist usimr it there to Jiin disciples is easily nnderstoSd n rally, that lie Jirst doth install them in n loos., Avhat to be (lone and wliat not." -wn-d« ii'Giiiiing of the- or oxlravviw"!-"" an.y nupreeedented, g-iiit, or luinatural meaning npou j thoin ; and Ave ave .aA'oiding a nicaiiiiig so un natural, and a consequent claim so e.\tra\'agant, ' that c.xeopb by the Fapacy «in tho plenitude of its arrogfineo, it has imver been consistently iiebecl on. (To Im coiUlintitil.) 