PRECEPT AND PRACTICE. I BY AMY SKELTON. | All quiet ; the coals crackling in .a gossippy sort I of way behind the bars of the grate j the pussy-cat, I purring sleepily on the hearthrug ; the clock tick-? I mg, like silver drops of water, upon toe , mantpl- I shelf,; . and Mrs. Ives's needle glancing; in and out : I 0f her work like a small ray of lightning. The I children were all snugly tucked up in bed, for I Mr. Julius Ives liked to be quiet when he cam« I home from business, and Mrs. Ives was the most I devoted and obedient conjugal partners. It was I an exquisitely neat room — a room where the I sweet-home element predominated in every nook I and corner — a room to which the tired business I man might look forward all day, as a-haven of I rest and peace. . ( I The clock struck eight; pussy stretchad herself drowsily before the fire, and Mr. Ives laid down 1 the paper with a preparatory " Ahem!" I "And now, Melissa," he said, authoritatively, I "you may bring me the tradesmen's bills." 8 Poor Mrs. Ives started in her chair as if a I cannon- ball had thundered ominously into the I silence of the cosy little apartment. How much K she dreaded the weekly recurrence of this domestic I ukase, was only known to herself! It was, the I skeleton in her closet — the one embittering 8 element of her happy home-life — the haunting I ghost that no diplomacy had yet enabled her to I exercise ! Yet, like a well-traiaed wife, as she was, she brought the tiny packet of bills, and sat I down meekly at her husband's side. She was a pretty woman, tall and graceful, with. 1 straight, regular features, rosy cheeks, and soft, 8 wistful eyes, that looked like brown velvet : a 8 woman whose hands always were white and 8 delicate, and whose dresses always seemed to. fit 8 by magic. 8 Nor was Mr. J ulius Ives a disagreeable speci- B men of mankind to look upon. He was large, 8 and finely formed, with dark hair strongly dis- posed to curl at the ends, and bright black eyes. 8 Yet, nevertheless, there was a certain curl in Mr. 8 Ives' upper lip that savoured somewhat of the 8 imperative mood. . I "Butter again! that's five pounds we've used 8 within the week," moanedMr. Ives, checking off the various items of the grocer's bill with the little 8 gold pencil that hung at his watch chain. " My : 8 dear, doss Bridget grease the kitchen pans with 8 butter ?" 8 Mrs. Ives' cheeks glowed. " Now J ulius, what is the use of talking in that 8 sarcastic sort of way ? You don't seem to reflect 8 that a family like ours cannot subsist .on air, B sod you like to have all the cooking very rich i I you know." ' I " Eicli ! I should think so. Ham — codfish. B By the way, Melissa, Jones says they only buy 8 meat three times a week— have it cold every | other day. J ones's wife knows how to economise. 1 suppose you haven't the least idea of what I taMe?"8 f the infcS aftGr they leave the I Julius"aVe D0 dU f "Bridg®1 ft Perfecfc honesty, I n— f course not. But I do think, | Melissa, it is a wife's duty to pay some sort of attention to iler husband's pocket." I & are not proportionately large, 1 -p .mu8 be, my dear — they must be. Positively it's enough to frighten one, just to run 8 ver these items in the house-keeping accounts ! 8 ugw raisins — oil — oysters! Melissa, do I B 5?P a reBtaurant ? If not, where do all these things go ?" B Mrs. IveB was silent. 8 Bread— steaks — joint— two tons of coal! 8 tJpon my word!" I nity IveS maintained complete taeitur- 8 eesa" faid her husband, placing the bills B er emphatically on the table, " wc must turn I Jtrencr?"leafW mU8t,P08itiVely I How?" I mnfu11 a fcll0U8an<3 i?8 my dear. Why, my 8 , er never apent half the money you contrive spend, and there were twelve of us;" - I milt mofcher lived on a farin, Julius. The: I W t er» cheese, and vegetables were from 1 dairy— the mpat and poultrywere I thintf r own.b®ra-yardand pasture. I do nbfc I ernov.1 ir h) institute a comparison between her «pense, and mine.'? ... v I Mr fcbe way you women all talk," said I tW im! impatiendy. " All I know is, that I taust c U8 . a 8crew loose somewhere. You !" I I ,, 5' folios- " I cigar ? r l0Ve' dn fcyou 866 I m J118 lighting my I Wavd'iaf n?Ve,r £ftn smke when my mind is in any I Quite , Bp08e hsmi88the subject. I am 8 EQbieot have stated my wishes on the Mr su®c>ent distinctness !" I oroi JiI68? er r®l' P' sewed, away I uld j work. But if her thoughts - | % on Mr Te..e8cended in a shower-bath of words I ouldhnw Y8 , e8. devoted head, how they I DcJ of hfs 8mo d FOm Cam comPk" I €odOmis0," thought Mrs. Melissa, I seams. «?>,, thread through the I hv 'will glv® him enough of retrenchment. 1 iaterffli- a- man reDqcish his dngnity so far as I 'land P / ln ?aUera h® cannot . poBsibly under- i 1 on a thinks nine people can I 4 day? T 0j nilk and two baked potatoes' I Puddin WD j be-knowe Itoat I make all I ffee una an. pie8» a»d give- out the tea and 1 knowif i?nd evfryth»Jg myself? He I Squire f J . Would tak:e the trouble to f 1 nciationg TI Ug J P 8uoh him wC»der if he <rrer suspects that I »iak Jf>,rrx0llne» end my own dresses, 8 outlav t!> oneB' clothes , to save nnneces- 1; 01 V v " aimost enough to make a I #h# aeyer got married, '' „_.Butthen Mehssa,jthought-.T«o£-KrthB-»osy->-lifctle - Oces Yast asleep upstairs, and. concluded, , on the whole, there were eoinq untiaiUs m hr Jot. , .1 " HallPx Jimer ! . why surely this isn' t you ?" ; " Well, I don't knpw whom else it can be," coolly remarked the handsome,' bronze-looking gentleman who had lounged into Mr; Ives's office ; : ' hnd I've brought. Hafry Lamarque with me— yOu remember him, don't you ?" , ; ' Bemember him — I should think so. And we: haven t met before since our' college days. Well, i I declare, this is a curious - coincidence ! You'll both of you promise to come and dine with ine at five,' won't you ? Come — I'm sure you haven't any other engagement, and I will introduce you fcqmy wife." ...> "Til come," said Elmer, promptly ; « and I'll engage to bring Lamarque. with me." " But you're riot going ?" I must, I jhave no end. pf business tp transact ; but we'll have a regular chat at dinner, old bpy !" " ' -'v Melissa had hardly dispahedherhtfelechubbyr. faced children to school that morning, . .when the office boy came knocking at the' dOor with a note. — - "From Mr. : lyes, ma'am — there' ain't hb answer.?., ,, t The note ran as follows - . "I shall bring two old college ipates, Elmer and Lamarque, to dinner.'- Let it be Pnthe table' punctually at five. Your affectionate,' ' - - . " Julius." Mrs. Ives folded up the note and deposited it in her desk, with a comical smile hovering around her mouth. "Economy is the order of the day," She thought. . , y It .was a bleak day, towards the end oLNbvemr.. ber, with a raw wind, and sky overcast with leaden clouds; and Mr. Ives's nose was. decidedly tinged with blue, as he ushered his two shiver ing guests into the drawing-room. <( Walk - in, ; gentlemen— walk in -and warm yourselves," he said, with hospitable fervour, rubbing his hands. . , But, contrary to all his expectations — contrary to the usual domestic arrangements prevailing'in that household, the polished grate presented no glowing surface of flame — the air was. damp and. chilly as that of a mausoleum. , J ulius bit his lip, and repressed the rather demonstrative expression that was rising to his' tongue. "Be seated, gentlemen; I will rectify Jtbis mistake immediately," he said, leaving . the room. " How is this ? ,NTo fire, and the room like an ice- well!" wasbis petulant exclamation, as he met his wife in the hall. "Coal is thirty shillings a ton, Julius — it is necessary for us to economise," returned Melissa, demurely. " Send ''the maid this minute to kindle a fire," said Julius, with bis teeth chattering. " And my dear, you are surely not going into the room' in that faded did dross ?" "Of course I am . My best silk is beginning to, wear ; and as I can't afiord another, I must be as. economical as possible." Julius Ives made a queer grimace; he didn't at all like the operation ' of : "swallowing his Own wordis. ' And Melissa walked into the . presence of his friends, faded old dress and all. " Five o'clock — isn't dinner nearly ready?" asked Mr. Ives, consulting his chronometer with a sort of warning glance at his wife. Melissa' rose, and the same instant dinner was announced. How Mrs. Ives, was a capital housekeeper, who possessed the faculty of getting, up tempting dinners on the. shortest notice; so that Julius naturally expected a repast suitable to the occasion. What was his dismay on behblding the cold, hacked joint of yesterday, flanked by a . few potatoes ! There w&s; no sparkling ; Wine-— nothing but beer, and no visible desBert. : Elmer and Lamarque took the seats designated tbT them, with polite unconsciousness ; : but JuliuB ' Ives -loolmd as black as a thunder cloud. " Melissa— what does this mean," he whis pered. :/ " Does what mean, my love?" asked Melissa;'1 with' a face bf the inbst innocent astonishment in the world.. Just at that moment, the six little Iveses all burSt into the roomj shabby and patched,1 like so many candidates for cold victuals. As a general thing, | Julius was passing proud of -his pretty, well-dressed children : now parental complacency was at a discount, and he stamped his foot im patiently. "G-o and get dressed, my dears, " he said sternly. " What on earth does nurse mean by allowing you . to come down-stairs in : this outlandish manner?" , v : , " We are drethed, papa !" lisped out Master. Jule,. With- , the boldness of conscious rectitude. " Mamma laid out ,fche clothes for uth— the thays it ith econprQon-rr-". \ r : But l&.Jriflins lyes hurried and hustled thp little oines out cf . the room, without waiting for . any further exphihations = , . . . "Afeliissa,'' he said, earnestly, .'drawing his wife aside into the, bow- window, What is the matter ?. ' ArefyoU-crazy ?" - . i ! 1 " lot crazy, love,?> .returned Melissa, - sweetly ; " only endeavouring .to follow the ; illustrious exainplejofjUErs. Jpnes, cud. ' yetrfinch.' : 1 . ? But, my dear— - rrr" = ?.- : .- " Pardon me, Juliusr— you said that my extra vagant house- keeping was 'wasting you out of house an$ home.' I .think that, after this, you will hardly venture to make that accusation a second time.? . ; ... . - » " My dear, I — I was a fool," said Julius, with, a choking senBation under the v how cf his cravat. " I won't interfere in house-keeping affairs again, . I promise you. I'm quite, convinced that. I know nothing whatever about tjbe subject. Hereafter . I will leaye 'iinyourTjands.'' , . " Entirely, and without .interference ?' asked Mrs. Ives, .doubtfully. .. " Entirely, and without interference," returned , Mr. lyesdepieiyTt.-V :'?? ' f ; ' V Mm. lyes turned tp.. !her qzalad gjiestf. . . , . ; ''flentiemen, will( . you ,, walk intp the, ether, room ?" she asked, , with a . calm self-possession . that rather astonished them. Aj she spoke, - the folding doors were thrcwu hapl xevefding an elegant Uttle compartment beyond. .-, , : t, ,.v. , Julius walked hb the head pjf a : Aeccmd . dinner- table with .a iupt whimsjc ffioe. t There were delicate roast fowls, and a ham; while savoury pates Were ranged in tecapting proximity. The glass And silver were! all, a glitter— the, wines wpre tnright ; and a dmnty little .de8sert twas npatly -arranged onthie buffet. Julias Ives's whole countenance had clewed up with magical promptitude. He turned round and gave his wife a hearty kiBS before he began to oarye the chickens I What Messrs. 'Elmer 7«md-Lamarque-thoueht just then iy not on recprd; but when Melissa came in, subsequently to the ;qfter dibrcigars, bright and smiling in her "best silk, fcjhe little lyases clustered around her, as fresh pnd rosy as, so many pink and white daisies theyf must assuredly have concluded that What he was. about when he married that nretfcv woman,, with her brown. mouth! ...... ... k ..j j ! And .before the evening) , waa put,. Mr. jjes, ftuicied that his domestic, dispqmfiturei fWai- toa good a joke to keep tp himseif ; vapd so he con fided the, whole story to his friends, "Of coqrsf! Mrs. lyes was right,", aaid IHmer. 1( k< To be Buhe she was," assented! Lainarquel "I tell you what, Jule, you, made a donkey of yourself that time .!" . V ; r / . - NTqr did. Mr. Ives venture to deny! the self- evidenfe faet., From that , day , fe hisllV&r; said: a word— good; bad, or differfintgnjnVfr/ the housekeeping bills!, , r s I ! llf ; 