Is seventeen more days Parliament is to meet for the dispatch of business. The country is wholly ignorant of what it may bo the good pleasure of Air.' Cowper and his friends to endeavour to propound for its edification. Tn England the " stump " is greatly utilised during a recess both bv Ministers and Onnosi- . ( tionists ; but since the prorogation, the states- ( men ot New South "Wales,' of all sections, have < evidently deemed that, if speech be silver, silence 1 is golden. Beyond the merest rumours there t is nothing to indicate that the Ministry have ; the veriest ghost of a programme — of a policy 1 to submit to the consideration of Parliament. A rumour is certainly afloat that the Colonial Treasurer will submit to the Legislature a . scheme for an extensive loan, the proceeds of ' which are to be expended upon reproductive public works, but as such a proposition would be certain to entail most violent opposition, it is probable that before venturing on its an liouneoment the. Government will seek to gain strength by filling up the vacancy now existing in their ranks, unless the Victorian " dodge" be adopted of keeping it unclosed as a bribe to dangle before such ambitious members as are in yearning hopes of handling a portfolio. By the eleventh of next month, the date fixed for the reassembling of Parliament, Air. John Robertson will be, in all probability, in pos session of his " certificate," and in a position either to assume the management of the Lands Department or resume the role of Premier. Should the latter be the step selected, the Lands Secretaryship would still be without an incumbent. Considering the position of the Ministry, we believe they might do worse than take Air. Fitzpatrick for a colleague, although wo have reason to believe that gentleman would now decline the honour. One of the weak points of the Government-, as at present con stituted, is that the lesponsiblc chiefs of the various departments are tools in the hands of their underlings. Singular stories are afloat of how things are worked in the department of the Postmaster-General and in that of the Secretary for Public AVorks ; and the reason is, that the gentlemen holding the control of those important offices are believed not to know what their duties are, while their deputies do. Air. Fitzpatrick, as Minister for Lands, would at least know the routine of the office, and consequently is not a pei- son likely to allow himself to be overridden by subordinates. Whatever the Ministry may choose to propound as a programme, or however they may endea vour to strengthen their prestige by the intro duction of new blood or otherwise, one thing is certain, that unless they work '.'rather than talk the country will not be with them. Throughout the whole colony there is an intense feeling of dissatisfaction at the way in which the Government service is carried on. It is not likely, therefore, that a borrowing speculation, however brilliant, will be endorsed, unless the Government shall take steps to show that they are in real downright earnest about reform. In the present lamentably deficient state, as regards the due auditing of public moneys, it would be madness to proceed to an increased expenditure on public works. The audit ofiice is a farce. Its existence, as at present consti tuted, cheats the public into the belief that the acts of the Government are subjected to a Htrict supervision, whereas in fact they are merely revised by officers, appointed certainly by the Governor, but yet in tho department of the Colonial Secretary. AVe do not mean to say that the Alinistry of the day converts pub- He moneys to private uses, but we do say that serious defalcations are continually being dis covered, in ways perfectly accidental, and through other mediums than the officers under , tho control of the Auditor-General. Whatever of separate responsibility the function of the audit department may be said to possess, it is cei-.ajn that I here is no real check on the public receipts or expenditure. The duties of a pro perly constituted audit office are simply to let the tax-payers know how and in what manner the tax-spenders have dealt with their trust. As Gladstone said some years ago, its duties " are to ensure truth and accuracy in the pub- lic expenditure, In point of fact.it maybe called, in one word, a Board of Verification." We certainly liopu that if any scheme em bracing a large loan be proposed by Air. Samuel at the opening of tho next session of 1'arlia mcnt, that the representatives of the people will tarn a deaf ear to his appeal, until such' time as the audit branch of the Civil service shall la; ascertained to be in a far more service able condition than it is at present. 