THE TESTIMONY AND WORDS OF MASTER JOHN HUSS, AS TOUCHING MASTER JOHN W1CKLIFFE. y " TsbiIiT, as I do aot bsliorc, neither grant tint M. John Wickliffe is an heretic, so do I not den j, but firmly ho|ljt,that he is no heretic,: tor as much as in all msiftkrs of dou Il<raglp s near as I can, to chbbso v : the Wkejijeforo I Biwclltchst/.tl>i&. j|hn";ick-'; liV > is one ofhpnbber ttafja io1ai«7/arB iiaved. there-. ;!sBnto/ikajing '(Matfctrii.) D&yc; not judge, that tbo not judged, (Luke, vi:) "Do, not condemn, l ye shall notW condemned r and thVjwords f 'the apostle (I 'Cor. iri)Do ye'hot "judgoliie-v -''hiVlbre the Lord liimWlf db cbme. the ich'Bhnll aspen those thingS .'that are hidin'/clorlriiess to manifest the privitics of allhcarts;, ' Secondly, the lore and; charity whieh;I ought to bear unto my neighbour (loving him a my self) doth nioVe ihe thereUiito fLnl&B;'x;) " Thirdly, his gobd'fame and report' moteth ae, the which he jiath of the good , priest s of. th e university of Oxford, and not of the wicked, and comntpnly,6ftho Vulgar. fs'qrii, although not of Che covetous, proud, and (luxurious prelates. t"EouriMy,lus own works and writings do stir me thcreuiito,' Jby .the which hp goeth about with Lis whole endeavour, to reduce all men unto tho law 6£ Christ". and specially the clergy : that they hhould' forsake the pomp and' dominion of this world, ; aud _. with the lapostlcs lead the lifo of <5brist>, „ " Fifthly, his own protestations, which lie sdeth; oftentimes J use. in N his. sentences, '"often' repeating the samc/fcU); not/a littlo move me. " Sixthly, his earnest desire and affection -which'liehad unto the law of Christ, dqtli hot a little allure mo thereunto; disputing .of the verity -thereof, the which cannot fail in any. one jotor tittle. Whereupon , he made' a ; book . of tlio werity of the 'holy " scripture,- approving even unto the uttermost/ the truth of God's low. " Wherefore it were too foolish a consequence to say, that because the number of (the prelates mad clergy in England, Franco aiid Bohemiii «lo count John Wickliffe for : an 1 heretic, tho' therefore he, is . an heretic, Ac, Like is. the reason for burning of the books :jfor it is written «n the, first book of Maccabees, first chnptor/th&t;: Chey did burn the books of the Lord, .tearing Chem to pieces ; and whosoever was found to Jbave kept liny books of the testament or die will of the Lord, or tho "which observed and kept the law of the Lord, they were , by the kings commandment put to death. It then the burn ing of -those, books by wicked men did argue or >rove the evilness of these books, then was the law of God evil and naught-. " So, likewise the burning of St. ' Gregory's Looks, and divers other saints and good mon- 'Whereupon, as it doth not follow that because. . -thebishops, scribes, and pliarisees, with tlio Idera of Ihe people, condomned Christ Jesus as «n heretic, that therefore he , is an heretic; so likewiflc doth it not follow of any other man- The bishops, masters, of trinity, monks, and pre" dates, condemned this man as an heretic ; ergo' lie is an heretic.. For this consequence is re- fjroved by John Chrysostom, who was twice oondemnedas an horetic, by, the bishops and the whole clergy. Likewise St. Gregory, in hi8 Looks, was condemned by the cardinals'. By like proof also as they affirm M. John "Wipkliffe to bo an heretic, John, duko of Lan- «ester-(a man of worthy memory, and pro genitor of Henry, king of England) should also i»e an heretic ; for the snid duke defended, faroiired, pnd grently loved M. John Wickliffe ; urge. the said duke is . or was an heretic, the consequence is good. The minor is well known «nto Englishmen.. The major nppoareth in tho canon, where it is said, ' He which defendeth an lisretic/'&c.;" " But theso things set apart. I demand of the adversary whether M. JohnWiokilffe, be damned Leeause he is an heretic, I propound this unto, Irini whether M. John "Wickliffe, while lie lived, "field any false doctrine contrary to the holy Scriptures; If he 'do affirm it, let liim then liew wlmt doctrine it is, and afterward delare that lib held it Obstinately : and he shall find that in his books he always wrote most com-, xnendnblo protostations against , obstinacy i.and atiff-neckedness. And by and by after, M. John Stokes, in his , intimation, . saitli, that M. olin Wickliffe' m England is counted for au herotic ' This aoentetli also false by tlib letter tmHmnm.1 of tiid umversity of : Oxford, unto (the i which there is more credit to be given than unto him. And this shall euffico for this present." No was wis have declared tho testimony of the university of Oxford, und of John Huss, con- cerning- lho praise of JblmWickliffe, it followeth likewise that wo set forth and express the con. Araiy cbnsure and judgment of his enemies, Minded with malicious hatred and corrupt affec- tions against him, especially of the Pope's conneil gathered, at Constance, proceeding first ' in 'con demning his books, then of his ' articles, and .wfterward burning of hu bones. The copy #f which their sentence given agaiust him by that council here followeth. The Sentencejm/tenfiy the Council of Constance, in coniUwftng |K Doctrine and Forty-fire, straney', auwur and representing tneidatholie, .a.bfill otlm&ltorsjand; Jbe'resies' springin'g dfud growing undor the show ap4 pretence 'Of the same'/ and fob the reformatioii'iand amendment .oj-the church, being lawfully !;i»ngregatcd aiid' \- gathered together ihl&eHoiy.; Ghost, for the perjtualmiphoof "the;|im» tb come. " . " Wo are taiht\byth'#;acts and'histoles thovh61y fithers, ' tat the IGatholic faith (with" ut the which, as 'the holy-- apostle, St. Pauj saitli, it is impossible to ' please Gad), hath always been defended by the faithful1 and spiritual soldiers of the church, by the shield of faith; ajgaibsk tlie falBe 'womliippera bf Slip- same faitii. or rather jperv'ewo'impugncrs, who through . ihe.ir.proud!curioaity..wiU.8ecm.to.kuaw:.more and to be wiser than they ought to be, and.for the . desire of the glory of the world. have gone about ofttimes to overthrow the same. These kinds of wars and battles haTC been prefigured to us befoite'iri those 'carpal wars of' tho Israolitps- against the, idolatrous people. For in those spiritual wars, the holy . Catholic Church thr.cjpgh , tho vjrtuc ;,1and' power of: faith being illustrated with the. beam of tho heavenly light by 'the providence, of God, and being.holpen by tho help nnd/'dofence' of the , 'saints and holy men, hath always continued immaculate, and (the darkness of orrors, as-. her mist cruel ene mies, being put to flight) Bhe hath most glori ously ' triumphed over all.' But ' in these our' days the old and unclean enemy hath raised up now contentions and strifes, that tho eloct of this world might be known, whoso prince and captain in times past was one John Wickliffe a false Christian, ;; who, duringhis lifetime, taught and sowed very obstinately: many articles eon- truiy nnd against tlio Christian religion and the Catholic faith. And the same John Wickliffe wrote- certain- books which he called a diaologue and: a trialogue,- besides many other treatise and works, the which he both wrotc.nnd taught, in tho which he wrote the aforesaid and many other damnable and .execrable articles; the which his book for the publication and advance ment of -hib' porvowe doctrine, lie did sot forth' openly for every man to read ; whereby, besido many offences,, great hurt .and damages of souls linth /ensued 'in divers regions and countries, but especially in the kingdoms of England and Bohemia ; against whom the masters and doc tors of the universities of Oxford and Prague rising up in tlio truth , and .verity of God, according to tho order of .the schools, within a while after did reprove and condemn the said articles., .' : , ' Moreover; the' most reverend fathers; tho archbishops ;and bishops .(for that time present) of Canterbury, York, and Prague, legntes of tho apostolic sec in the, kingdoms, of England und Bohemia, did condemn the books of the said Wickliffe to be burnt. And tlio said arch bishop of Prague, commissary of tho apostolic see, 'did likewise in this behalf determino and judgo; ; And moreover ho did .forbid thatiauy . of those books which did remain unburacd. should be hereafter any more read- And again i these things boing brought to ,the knowledge .and understanding of the apostolic see and the general council/the bishop of Rome in his lasi. council condemned the said books, treatise, and volumes, commanding thorn to be openly burned; most strnightly forbidding, that any men who should. bear the name pf Christ should be so hardy, either to keep, read, or expound any of the said; books, or treatise, volumes, or works, or by . any means to use or occupy them, cither else to allege thorn openly or privily, hut to the reproof and infamy. And to the intent that this most dangerous and filthy doctrino should utterly be wiped awnyoutoftho church he gave commandment throughout all places, that the ordinaries should diligently inquire and seek out by tho apostolio authority and cccleBi- cal censure, for all such books, treaties, volumes, and works. And the same so being.fqiind, to burn and consiimo them with fire, providing withal, that , if there be aii'y suclf : found, which . wiU not oboy the same, process to ;be made against them, as against tho favourers and maintainors of heresies. And - this most holy - synod liath causod the said fourteen articles to be examined - and - ofttimes perused, by many most reverend fathers of tho church of Borne, cardinals,, bishops, abbots, masters of divipi.ty, and doctors " olf bothi laws,, besides a great num ber of other notable men, the which articles.; being so examined, it was found (as in truth it was no less) that many, yoaa reat number of them bo notoriously for heretical, reproved and condemned by . the holy .fathers; qther some not "to becatholic, buterroricoua, some fall of offience and .blasphemy, certain of them . bflenatro unto godly ears, andvmany of them to be rashful and seditious. It is found sIbo, that his books do contain many srtioles of like effect and quality, and that they do induce and bring into Who church, unsound and unwholesome dStipj) upto tho fiSgh and ordinance jpf <|phwd|p>rp|pltliMBe of our 'pril||esu||Bfirist, flgMM sj|jNittfjri., 0 |lda|P ' of tiie arohbismips aUacnjalml this tliqir.dcorce and.ordinaneo, porpetuallyfjfor evernioro cohdomn.,and\reprove,. tlie -8aid arti cles and evbry- bno of.thom his/books which he ntitles. his .; dialogue 'and irialpej;-.and/;aih other" books -of the' same apthor, yolumbs, tr'ea-. tise, /hnd/uWorks,.'y wlit f»me soever they, be " entitled or called/'the wliloh wp/pill hore to be, sufficiently expressed and "'named. " .Also wo forbid the reading, learning, exposition; or nlle- ging of .any.pf the/said books, unto all faithful Christians, but' ao far forth as shall tend to the reproof of t-ho, same, forbidding, all and singnlnr Catholic, porions/uiider: tlio'pain of cUVse; that from henceforth they be not so hardy oponly "to""preach; teach," or hold, " or by anyTucahs to ollego the; said articles : or. auy of them, except (as is aforesaid) that it do tend unto the rc- .proof oL them, commanding- nil- those books, treaties, works, and volumes aforesaid to bo oponly burned, as it was decreetl in the synod at Rome, as is. afore exppessed. . For the execu. tion whoeeof;dwly!fo bo bCrved and done, the said sacred sjjjrod' doth aitraightly charge and command the brdiniiries of tho places, diligently to attend and look/unto the. matter according to as it uppertaineth untjo evory nian's duty, by the canonical lavs-and ordinances.. What where these articles diere condemned by this; .council, collected out of -all his works,'-' and oxhibited to tho said council, to the num ber of fourtoon1; the copy of til cm followeth under written. ' (To he continued.) 