OTHERWI1E.MINDED. TIo be osherwise-minlded naturally implies having a mirid; and of what use is intelleet if it cannot see all through and round a subjeot, and pick thie weak places into holesP Hencethe th therwise-minded are uncompromising critics and terrible fellows at scenting their prey. Tile great representative assembly of hrumanrity must have its independent members below the gangway who vote with no party, and if we were all on the right side the devil's advocate would have no work to do ; so that even othlerwise.mindedness on the, wrong side has its usee, and must not be wholly condemned. For the world would fare badly willth out its natutal borers and hole-pickers, its finders out of weak places, and resisters of assertion and ad vances; and ante and worms make good mould for garden flowers.. i-he constitutionally otherwise-minded are tIhe worst partisans in ·the world; and never take up a cahse heartily-never with more thana one hand, that they may leave the other free for a bit of presatidigita tion if need be, when their audience changes its eha racer and complexion. The only time when they are devoted adhereataia if their own family is decidedly in the opposite ranks, when they come out from among them with scrip and spear, sand go over to the enemywithout failing a single button of the uniform. This r specially true of young people and of woman; both of whom call their natural love of opposition by the name of religious principle or moral duty. Youths just fresh from the schools, bent on the regeneration of mankind, and thinking that tlhey can do in a few years what society has been painfully labouring to aecomplish ever since the first savage clubbed his neighbour for stealing his hIoard of roots or carrying off his own private squaw, are sure to be intensely otherwise-minded and to understand nothing of har monious working with the old plant. Red Republicans under the family flag of purple and orange free thinkers in the church where the paternal High and Dry holds forth on Sundays on the principle of the divine inspiration of the English translation bound in calf and lettered cum privilegio; Romanists worship ing saints and relics in the very heart of the Peculiar People who put no trust in man or works- we know them all, ardent, enthusiastic, uncompromis ing, and horribly aggressive, with the down just shading their smooth young chins, and the great book of human life barely turned at the page of adolescence. Yet this is a' form of otherwise-mindedness which, though we laugh at and are ofter annoyed by it, we must treat gently on the whole. We cannot be cruel to a fervour, even when insolently expressed, wbich we know thie world will tame so soon, and whlich at the worst is often better than the dead level of con formity; even thlough its zeal is not unmixed with conceit, and a burning desire for tile world's good is not free from a few slumbering embers of self-laudation and the "last infirmity." In a house inhabited by the otherwise-minded —and one member of a family is enough to set the whole ruck awry-nothing is allowed to go smoothly or by default; nothing can be done without endless discussion ; and all the well oiled casters of compromise, good nature, "it does not signify," &e.;, by which life runs easily in most places are rusted or broken. At table there is an incessant cross-fire of objections and of arguments, more or less intemperately conducted, and never coming to a satis factory conclusion. There are so many places, too, which have been rubbed sore by this perpetual chafing, that a strangerto the secrets of the domestic pathology is kept not only in a fever of annoyance, but in amaze of astonishment, at the temper shown about trifles, and the deadly offence that seems to lurk behind quite ordinary topics of conversation. Not knowing all that has gone before, he is not prepared for the present uncomfortable aspect of things, and in fact is like a boy reading algebra, understanding nothing of what he sees, though the symbolizing letters are familiar enorugh to him. They quarrel about everything, and when they do not quarrel they hrgue. If one wants to do something that must be done in concert, tIhe other would die rather than unite; and days, seasons, and wishes can never be got to work tlhemselves into t harmonious codlition. When they are out "enjoy ing themraelyes"-langunag is arbitrary, and thie serse of words not always clear-they conrlot agree oe any thinrg; and you may lhear them fire off scornful squibhe of otherwise- mindedness across the rows of prizet lowers or in thIe irterovals of one of Beetlhoven'r sonatsn. And if ther cannot find cause for disagree. ment on the marts of the subject before them; they flend it in each othler. For otherwise- nindledn ess is like the ragged little princese it the Germanu fairy tarle, who proved hier royal blood by being unable to sleel, on tile top of seven fenther-bcds-Germon feather beds--beneath all of whieh one single bean lhad been placed as thIe test of her sensibility ; give it but tihe chance of a scunle, Ithe ghost of a coat-tail to trend on, an imaginary chicken bonae among thie down, nrd you may be sure that thie opportunity will not be lost. When we are on tile look-out for beaus we stall find them beneath even seven feathler-beds; and when shillelahe abound there will never be wanting thIe trail of a coat-tail aceross the pathl. So we find whreo we have todo withlr the otherwise-minded lwho will not take things pleasantly, and can never be got to see either beauty orvalae in thleirsurroundings. Let one of these have a saint for a wife, and hIe will tell you saints are bores, and sinners the only housemates to be desired : let him change his state, nod this timne pick up the sinner in longing for whom hIe has so often veced thie poor saint's soul, and he will find theoonly domestic Ihappiness to consist in a serlph of the mnost exalted hind; if lie Ihas Zenobin, hIe wants Griselda; if Semiraomis, King Cophetua'n heggar maid. Tie dear departed, whrose being was such a millstone i times paIst, becomes tire emblem of all that is lovely in humanity rwhen a shaft lhas to be thIrown nt the parltner of times present; and tile marrioge tlhat wus notoriously ill-assorted is painted in gold and ros-colour throughout, ond its discords mernded rp intlo a full score of lnharmony iwhen the new wife or thIe new lhusband hIs to be snubbedr, for no otlr reanson than tile otlherwise-mindedness which crannot naree with whait it has. Childrern oad servants comne in for thecir shareo of thlis nncomforthable temper, whichl reversers tle old adage asout tile absent, and so fr frtom rarking tlhem int thre wrong transfers tihe burdlen of blnamte to those present, and cornveniently faorets ilts former litarr of complait. eo one awould b moroe surprisedr tiharn those veryabset if threy Irheardl thermselves upheldr as posse'eors of all possible virltuels lrher, neceorditg to their rremory, thley had een, little I etter tiher conrettions of wickeldness aud folly in the dy,, of their subjection to criticism. Thiey need not flatter themselves. Could they return, or if they do return, to the old place, they will be sure to return to the old conditions, and the praise lavished on them when they are absent, by way of rebuke to those unlucky ones on the spot, will be chusged for their benefit into the blame and thie rebuke fans'iliar to them. In fact no circumstanes whatever touch the central quality of the otherwiseomninded. They must have something to hite, to grumble at, to rearrange, at least in wish, if not in deed. If only they had been consulted nothing would have gone wrong that has gone wrong; and" "I told ydu so" is the shibboleth of their order. It is gall end waormwood to tlhem when they are obliged to agree, ond when, for very deceney's sake, they must praise wlhat indeed oervs no points to con dcim ; but even wlhen they get cauglht in the trap of unanimity they contrivero to say somethling quite unie eesoary about evils swhich 0o one was thinking of, and which havre nollthing to do wilh thle case m point. "But".ie tlheir mystic word, thelir truneated form of the Tetragrammnaton wlhich rules the universe; and whateverl their special private douominlation, they all belong in bulk to the "Sect whose chief devolion lies In odd pererrse antipathies; In falling out with that or this, And finding somewhat still amiss." -Salsrda'y evtiesw. Gorsog INTo Moeoa?ye.-The Watlerford ailt of April 5 was issued it full mourning, without anyu leader, but containing the following announecement \--" Death,. by iolence, on April 4, .1870, after tihe Act ofT Union, and by the act of the British Parlia ment, the liberty of t~a press in Iceland." The Irish man of April8 placed two ofiti 4rticles in moui.nig, in tolken blChe pasing .of the'Corcion Act, and pu?b lished whbat.it called te "death-warrant of liberty eof spereh in Ireland,5 and gave notice to its readers ot its submission to the law thus :-'!On liberty ofthe pressin Ireland. There is. no liberty of thie press in? Lreland."•" P PaEnPnannRVATIONfILL.-.A public meeting was held on April 4 in Cork, the Mayor presiding, to pro test against the'Peace Preservation Bill. The asaem bly was composed of persons who usually take part in Nationalist demonstrations. The provisions of the billwere denounced as unoonstitutional, its necessity was denied, and the conduct of theIriesh members wlho supported it strongly censured. Several pealkeors do' elared that Gludetone and Bright had broken faith with Ireland, that no furthler confidence could be put in the English Parliament, and that the country should seek for the repeal of tlhe Union and self-government. One speaker, amid loud cheers, appealed against the bill to public opinion in Ireland and America. AN INTRncIascor e or G??Ts.-Le Guarlois says that Marslhal Prim liss recenrilly mnade a present to the Emnperor Nualpoleon of 20,000 cigars withL gilt ends sond ornamentled with the Imperial N., also gilt, on oelh cigar, which is estimated to be worth liff. In return tle Empteror has senat to the Spanielsh marshal a poir of vases of Suvres mansufacture. FRAnCE AND THE (ECUEIENoCAL COetCIL.--T?he earnest desire of France to obtail the support of the other Powero for the note respecting the Council whichl it is about to forward to Rome, is likely to be fulfilled. Event Prussia seems inclined to accede to the requestof Frahtce and to abandon hier present atti tude ofobeer-ation. The ciriular which the Spanish Minister of Foreign Aflairs has issued to the diplo: maitie representatives of hIis country justifies thle sup position that Spain will also support thle measures adopted by France. Senor Sagaota there ezpressly nays that thelMadrid Cabinet, although far from in sisting on the admission of a Spanish diplomatist to the Council, will not permit any of the resolutions of that body tCo be carried out whichl are opposed to the law of tolerascesor other laws of ltlheState. The inti' mate relations of France and Austria would, until latIely, have ensured the co-operation of Count Besnt. A Ministerial crisis has occurred at Paris. M. Buffet, Count Daru, and the Ma'rquis de Talhouat, have resigned. It appearsr that the members of the Ministry who retire were desirous that the Emperor should complete his reforms by giving up his right of appeal to theceople. Thie Marquis d'Andelarre las sent a letter to the papers confirming the announce ment that hlie could not obtain from the Emperor tihe withdrawal of Article 18 of them 'snatua-.Consultlam; but lie declares his conviction that hlis Majesty has no after-thloughlt, cherishes no retrograde regrets, and has more tlhan ever the firm and absolute will to insure the success of Parliamentary Governsent. The Senate discussed the draft of the Setnatus.Consltunm, and adopted the different elauses withlout any noteworthy incident. The whole draft was ultimately adopted. A Too ARDENT AEMoIn.-- Mrdlle. Marie Roze, who has becen studying a pnrt in "L'Ombre," which Iff~. de Saint-Georges and Flotow arc about to brisg outat the Lyrique, was remarked of late to be nervous and preoccupied, and on being questioned by her friends, doclared thalt she lsad received a number of anonymous letters fromn au usknown admirer, the missires being remarkable alike for their ardour and their bad spell ing; the last one had directed ier to be on a certain evening, at lhalf-psst 5 o'clock, alone, in front of the Church of the Trinity, as, if not, she might reckon on having hIer face sprinkled over with sulphurie acid. I1er frieuds insisted on her lodging a complaint at the Prefoeture of holie. On the day ppointed the young actress was at thie place of rendezvous, and a young workman, in a blouse and cloth cap, came up and addressed her. "Ah! you have come! Are you alone P" "Yen." "Well, it is not I who wrote, but my brother. HIe is there in that hackney conch." At that moment several police agents seized on the man, end, proceeding to the carriage, found it empty. Of course he was detained in custody to answer for tle offence. It appeared that this was not his first attempt, as before offering his heart to Madlle. Rose, he laid it -in precisely the same manner-at the foot of Madlle. Massin, of lthe Gymnase IHe must at nil events be ahlloed to hhle good taste in thus selecting two of the prettiest actresses in Paris. T?E Sum Don?To CO LECTOLN .o-The sale of thn famous San Donate o ollection, is still going on at the Boulevard des Italien. A correspondentsays :-"The sale- room has been crowdbd with the amateurs,such as the Rothsehilds, the representatives of Lords Hertford and Dudley, Baron Sullier, the Princess Pourtalos, Count Polfe, ans other known collectors. I also obh. served two English dealers, ar. Davis, of Pall-mnall, and Mr. Whitihelrad. There were representatives, too, of some crowned heads, and a few German dealers. The objects offered for sale were porcelains, SOrres antd Saxo, Oriental china, old silver, lustres (rook crystal), and some very fine examuples of furniture of the periods of Louis XIV., XV., and XVI., very moueh sought after at the present moment, agd very widely imitated, repro duerl for modern drawing- rooms. Lord Dudley was the purelaser of Ithe magnificent Sevres service (known as that of Rohnt), for tilt enormnous prie of 255,000fr. Mir. D)avis secured a rock crystaul lustre of the Louis XVI. period at a very high figure,togethelr with porce lain objecls, whiche otly plroves " the trade" in Enlgland molt hveutc mansy wraltlly patrons aolo. Mr. Whitehelo d boughi largely. 'Thse Rotltsehilds fought with ite aristo cratic buyers, and mansy went away deeply disappointed. £2500 for two pieces of Louis XIV. furniture ! Where is it all to end ?" The San Donlato pictures, marbles, water-colour drawings, and drawings gf other kisnds, have all beent sold, sand produced witltin a Itiflc of £100,000 sterling. Tiu- Emperor and Empress paid a visit to Queen Isabella on luarchl 30, at the Hotel Basilewaki. It was mentioned some tituse since that the Emssseror hIad expressed a desire that the litigation between tile ex Queen and her husband should be kept out of court. Thie Ionews inow is that a compromise has been ocffetred oi the terms of a permanent separation s ensea el lthoo, a division of common property, and a 1,ledgo from bolth parties never to live togelher again. Don F. d'Assisce promised, it is said, to go abroad; for reasons yet unrexplained, hie has delayed hIis deplar ture.-The Queen Christine de Bourbon hsus arrived in Paris to endeavour to arrango te tdifference which still exists, willth unabated warmth, or rather better said, coldness, between the ex-Queen of Spain and her husband. Tis Ex.QtrUEE OF Sr.A, A?nD THE POPE--TIhe Genaolc publishes a letter addressed by Queen Isabella of Slain to the Pope on the occasion of hier son, tihe Pritee of tile Asturius, goitg to Rome for hIis first conimmunion. Her Mtajesty regrets on hier own behalf and that of hier Ihusband lthat tlhey eatsot pay their reepects to his HIolinsess in person at presett, but they lhope to do so as soon ao circumstances will permit. 'The Quesn is impotieni, she adds, to receive the Pope's bleaesing fir tho daughter of the Churel, and hIis con solution for the dethroned Queen. She proceeds to thiuk tels Pope for hlavisg told her tiat hIe prays to lGod forl her health and for her restoration to the throie which of right belongs to her. The Queen cocludes by an asuliratiot that her son's royal destiny may be UCeomplishsad witIhout blood being shed, os it hus beeon "for his iUUoceet mothDer." Poaison rN UTr.--From Philadelphia we learn that the bill framed by General Cullom, of Illinois, and designed to drive polygamy from Utah, by depriving polygamiste of eitizenship, and subjecting them to punishment, hlas booeen debated in Congress, and attracted great attention. A Mr. Fitch (Repub. lican), of Nevada, opposed the bill on account of its impolicy, saying that its enforcement would desolate Utah, and might destroy the Pacitle Railway. He admitted the disgrace of polygamy, and condemned the iniquity of the Mormon creed, but he thought the question was a practical, not a sentimental nce. History nowhere made mention of a colony of equal age more industrious, united, powerful, and self sustaining. They were industrious, thrifty, temperate, comparatively free from every vice except polygamy, and acccording to their creed this was no vice, but a religious duty. To assail that faith with armies would be to consolidate and strengthen and infuse its votaries with more ardent real. Tihe motion to recommit was rejected by a vote of 73 to 89. Mr. Pitch moved an amendmecnt providing that thie Act, so faraes it shall be applicable, shall be extended to all the States aid territories of the United States, wherein the crimes of bigamy, polygamy, or coneubinago hIave been or may be practised; but it was rejected by 43 to 114. Other smendmenls, hlowever, were carried, eonsider ably modifying the harsh features of the bill. Section 11th, above referred to, was stricken out; also a section authorisiog the President to send the military into Utah, and to accept 40,000 volunteers, if noeces eary, to enforce the law. The bill was then passed by a' vote of94 to 82, and now goes to the Senate for action there. GaoSAT FIaE."'iJAn.-Tha details which ate given in' the ihissih and Japanese papers:of the gaest fire at Yedo, proih the catastrophe to have bien very serious. Thebo area lailodeslate may, it is said, bb.om panted at fonr oei fivomiles in circumference, ahd every ?dbodei building froin the Japanese Foreign 9?1f? (which fortunatly eseaped) to the outer .nod?, has been totally destroyed. The buildings lotse by the Faoreign Ofile have been consumed, includist the dwelling place of the Minister. A bridge in the Adori was burnt and the trafIic over it arrested, while the tod great meroers' shops of Yedo were among th ruins. Tie telegraph posts were burnt, hundreds of houses destroyed, and the damage altogether was esti mated at millions of rios. Itnani on CIIINxBE x IaGx TION.--Now York adnices give a asudan of the various steamship projects for ocean lines now on foot in the expectation of sup port fronm the Walshington Government. These include, lirst, the "Mediterranean and Oriental Steam Naviga" tion Company," for a line between the Southern States and Port Said, apparently with tihe main object of stimulatiog Indian or Chinese immigration eid the Suez Canal, it being stipulated that each State shall pay so much per heoad for every immigrant who may settle in its territory, and remain for a year without becoming a pauper. Tue completion of the Pdcific Railway has stimu lated a direct trade in teas between China and Japan and United States cities in the Mississippi Valley and on the Atlantic seaboard. Sir Charles hiordaunt, an American paper says, will leaveo England at on early day for America, intending to spend a sea'son in the enjoymentof the sporte of the Western prairies. Ma~S. De. WmAxLn .-An American paper announces that Mrs. Dr. Walker has received notice "that when she appears in the streets of New Orleans, it most be owildct trouser." . ROBaxErT i Ms. PEoDnn's To.n.-The New York papers state that the Peabody tomb was ontered on March 80 by burglars, who stole the silver plate and handles flom the casklet. The thieves were arrested on the following day, and the plunder was retoiered. P•res AnT?osa It' CO ADA.--Prine Arthur has won golden laurels for himself sine he ihas boon in Oanada, and he takes every opportunity of appearing on allpublicoceasiouns. During the last weekof March a fancy dress entertainment was given by the Victoria Skating Rink.on the ice at night, and this being the last entertainment of the kind for thie season, the cos tames were more choice than on any previous occasion, and the rink more numerously attended, owing to his Royal Highness having intimated his intention of being present. At an early hour the Princomade his appearance on thie ice, attended by several gentlemen. It need hardly be said that he met with a most oordial welcome. He was dressed in the costume ofa cavalier of the time of Charles IL On the following night his Royal Highness was at another entertainment of a very different eharacter-a series of "tableaux vivants," taken from the works of English authors and English and general history. The affair was got up in mid of tie Protestants' Infants' Home, held at the 3fechanics' Hall, which was literally crowded with a brilliant and fashionable oudiene. HIero, also, his Royal Highness was loudly icheerrd, and the National Anthem was played when the Prince made his appearance in thie hall. It is reported on good authority that Prince Arthlur lhas dcteroined oi visiting California before returning to England, and that hIe intends to start about tihe end of April or beginning of May, by way of the Pacific Railway. He will afterwards return to Montreal, and take his departure along with the Rile Brigade for England, preferring to return home by the troop-ship rather than by any of the.line steamers. DI 'TH OFAN AOA D GOYc AnST.-Cadlwalader Owen Jones, aged 93, went recently to Victoria Park, Lon don, to indulge in gymnastics, and died of effusion of blood into the membrane surrounding thie heart, con sequent on excitement and over-exertion on thie swing. Madamo Ollivier is setting the fashion in Paris of wearing high dresses at eoirde., balls, &c.; Infdies at mid-Lent many ladies followed her prudent example, all tihe more prudent from the extreme cold which has lately prevailed. CaPTUx or ENGOLIScoEx" Bx B oBRI(N .-USndnr date Athens, April 12, we learn that thirty brigands, after a conflict with the gendarmes, seized, near Mara then, a son of the Duke of Manchlester, Messre. Vanner, Lloyd, Herbert (Secretary of Legation), Bayel (Secretary of thie Italian Legstion), and several ladies. The ladies of the party were liberated, but a ransom was demanded for the remainder of the prisoners. Cook's party of excursionists (forty-five in number) were quite safe. One of the captives has been released, for thie purpose of treating for the ransom of hIis companions held in captivity. The sum demanded is 20,000 lieres. It is stated that one of tin?e captives is Losd Muncaster, and not the son of the Duke of Manchester, as at first reported. Tlhe ladies are Lady ounaeaster and her sister, Miss L'Estrange. DrATn ou Lorz.--By thle Liverpool, Brazil, and River Plate mail steamer TJychlo Brahle, whlich arrived at Liverpool on April 12, the intelligence of Lopez's death is fully confirmed. General Camara marched from Concepeion and defeated Lopez at Aquibana. Lopez refused to surrender, and fell fighting. T?he eldest son of Lopcz was killed witllh his father. The remnant of Ila army were made prisoners. TIhe Tyclho Brahe took Count d'Eu's aide-de-camp1 to Rio de Jalneiro, with oileial despatchels. Business in Brazil was for several days nearly suspended, owing to rejoic aings. The Pareaguayan war may at last be regarded ?gs concluded now that Francisco Solano Lopez is dead, his umother captured, Reasquian, his first general, a pri soner of war, and none have escaped to tell thIe tale to the few scattered Pnaraguayans in the woods save the hapless parlner oa Iris soran's--the unfortunate Mrs. Lgyncel-and a Paragnusyan oficer, who has lately filled aconspieuous part in this eventful campaign, Caballero. Had Lsopez acted hIis part as well at the beginning as he did at the end, Iis name waduld have passed to pos terity as ahero. Lopez has fallen as he should--sword in hand-and but far the terrible cruelties which have spread a pall over his native land, the world would to day gaze with sympathy and admiration on the fallen hero of Aquidaban. The end of the war is a matter of congratulation far more for Brazil than the other allies. Thie Argentine Government had long since withldrawn from a struggle which had survived public attention and public interest. Brazil, however, bled at every Imro, to bring it to its proper termination, and the campaign has taxed hier resources to the utmost. The fight at Aquidaban took place on Marcll i. Camera's troops had deployed in the night througha the woods, and at daybreak came upon Lopez on tIhe left bhankb of the river. Thie Praguayans numbered only a few Ihundreds, the Brazilians thle same; but Lolez from the flrst moment, it appears, saw Birnam Wood approachinsg. The fight was short. Lopez was suarounded. He fought against all odds, was soon wouaded, and called on to surrender, which he refused. Htavisg lived like a tyrant, hk died like a soldier. Caballero, with some Paraguayan troops, was on the other side of the rivier, and does inot appear to have taken any sart in the struggle. Tihe Brazilians crossed tele stream and gave chase. Tihe Bishop of London has determined to enforce a series of regulations throughout hIis diocese, with a view to moderating tile high Ritual which is nsow carried out in many churches. BSBceN AT A BEc-TGnT.--On March 28, as the entertainment at the Agricultural Hall recently de scrjbed in the papers as a" Grand Spanish Entertain meht of Bull-flghters" wasat its height, and thefourth bull had been pierced by an arrow, at the add of which a sharp stud was fixed, the seretary of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals josped over the barriers into the arena, followed by several ofaeers of the society, supported by Mr. Super intendent Green and olliers of thepolice. It was not apparent to the audience what was the object of this sudden intervention; but upon. the secretary taking possession of the arrow, and indicating to the Spanish trop(pe that no further performance would be tolerated, yells and execrations filled the hall from hundreds of roughs present, and a general rush wlas made into the arena. Mally efforts were made to "mob" the olficers and take from them the arrows seized, apparently for evidence; but the oflicers fought their way gallantly out of the hall. It is reported that proceedings will be taken at once against the troupe for cruelty. The performance after this event collapsed, and the occu pants of the boxes.made a hasty retreat from the hall. The " ~aItadores" were brought up at the Clerkenwell Police-court son March 29 on a charge of cruelty to animals. The cruelty was alleged to hare been per petrated on the hulls in order to get them to show sport, they being, under ordinary circumstances, dull spiritless creatures, without a trace of that savace stubborn spirit with which English notions clothe the animal. It is true they were only Spanish bulls, but that was not held to be an excuse -for goading ~them., 'The casewas partially heard and then ajourned to; give the asooused the advantage of legal advie till M•arch t1, when the defendanth were fined 0a .Wseh. : inE ExPEDnrnlO To EquicAta Artc Aeag.-Under nte March' 80, Sir B. L. Mureilson wrote to '.elb temporary &i; follows:-By i'letti~ from Sir.S Bake' to his dadghter, Mrs; Edith M'lhrsliall, datetd Kh?rtdeia, FebriesaTy , and which, by his' dirbetiosn Ihitse' perused,:I learn that hb and Lady Beker'bere oi that day about to ascend'the Nile to Gondolcro, the srhole party being in'good health and tpirite; anderpex titg to reach that place about March 3. Itle grtifyink to learn that the steamers prepared t~S'Mr. Samoda had safely crossed the Great Desert under the able gouidance of Mr. Edwin Higginbotham, and were al ready on the route to Albert Nyelat. Sir Samuel further announces that whenever he has any important news to communicate he will send the 'same direct to me. Aexoer.n PoLAa ErXenuraoN.-A great Polar ex pedition is being prepared in Sweden, for the years 1871 and 1872, under tile direetion of P-ofessor Nordenskjold, the celebrated scientifle leader of the Swedisl expedition of 1868. Parry's attempt to reach the Pole by pushing on to the north of Spitubergen iseto be repeated, and it is proposed to winter on one of the Sevren Islands. Professor Nordenskjold in. telnds to proceed to Greenland this summer to pur chase dogs for the sledges and procure some necessary informution. Noyrt, W~EDDo .--On March 28, a wedding of a novel descriptiou took place at St. Nicholas Church, 'Newbury, Berkshire. Thie bridegroom, whose dlame is James Parr, living in Back-stroot, had seen sixty two summers, ,and was in such an infirm state of health that he had to be conveyed to church in a bath chair, drawn by his intended wife, a buxom woman, about forty years of age, named Bailey. The bath chair was drawn into the chaorch ea far as the font, when the bridegroom was assisted out of the chair, and with the help of the bride and the sexton he managed to reaoh the. chancel. The Rev. Charles Boyd performed the o?memony. It appears'that in. ormer years'the parties had cohabited together. At ttie conclusion of the serrice the bridegroom was again placed.in the bath-chair and drawn home by his wife, another woman pushing behind; Neither of the parties were able to sign the parish register. EEn MRRin, oP TH~E Pirt E.--The?rdehbih of Oanterbury's progre? to eonvaleotence rather dioap points the sangone hopes of his numebuni friends, and that be is about to remove for ohapge of ait and soene to the continent. 