OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. j ... ' Friday. November li. I j.jhiua.1, ¿\ slopes. 11. It would be unfair to judge of our Parliament by their performances during the first two weeks of the session, otherwise they might as well be dis- i missed to their homes at once. The time of their meeting, however, was inopportune for actual work. The first few evenings were given out of sheer courtesy to the ghost of an Opposition which confronted the Ministry, and since then the holidays and races have absorbed the attention of legislators as well as more ordinary mortals. Hence the work of the session has yet to be begun, and we must wait for another week at least before we can judge of the disposition of honorable members to do it. This very unpromising commencement is already inducing the belief in some quarters that the few measures , which were promised will have to be retained on the list of unfulfilled promises for a few months longer. The third visit to Melbourne of H. R. H. the Duke of Edinburgh terminates to- day, and, it will probably be a good while before we receive a visit from royalty again. There has, however, been very little on this occasion to indicate the fact that we have a prince of the blood amongst us, and his Royal Highness has appreciated the quiet which he has been allowed to enjoy. Lord and Lady Canterbury have done their' best to make the stay of the Prince agreeable, and, although the least ostentatious, this will probable have been the most enjoyable of his visits. The postponement of some of our public amusements, owing to the wet weather, appeared likely to deprive the Duke of some of his anticipated enjoyments. You will have learnt from the telegrams H. R. H. Prince Alfred had the pleasure of driving his team of greys to the racecourse, with the Governor of Tasmania and Mrs. Du Cane, and a select party in the drag. This extra day will have afforded him much gratifica- tion, for the weather was everything that could be desired, and the town turned out en masse, the ladies coming out in all the gorgeous colours of the commencement of summer, and making up a spectacle never surpassed for brilliancy in these colonies, To a young gentleman on pleasure bent the past few days must have afforded opportunities for enjoyment which should be saturating, it not surfeiting. There was a grand ball at Toorak one night, a public ball in celebration of the completion of the Alfred Hospital the next night, the Derby day on Saturday, the " Horse Exposi- tion on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, with (amongst other novelties) the trial of the light-weight hunters and steeplechasers ridden by " lady equestriennes," four of whom put the various animals to the fences and water jumps. Then on Wednesday there were additional sports and pastimes, in honour of the birthday of the Prince of Wales, and the inaugural dinner of the new Mayor of Melbourne, in the Town Hall, at which, besides the Prince, there were present the two Governors, the Bishop of Melbourne, the Dean of Sydney, and Ministers and ex-Ministers by the score j the series culminating in the great Cup day, yesterday. One would imagine that, after all this, our Royal visitor will begin to feel used up by the time he finds himself afloat in the Rangatira this afternoon. Everybody seems to have been astonished at the result of great cup race. The horse which won it, "Nimblefoot," was such a thorough outsider. He belonged to the late Mr. Walter Craig of Ballarat, and would have been sold with his other horses, but Mrs. Craig knew that he was a favourite of her late husband's; and as £50 was the highest offer for him, she had him bought in. His winnings on this Occasion will probably be over a thousand pounds, and Mrs. Craig clears some three thousand more in bets at long odds against her horse. The most remarkable incident in connexion with the event, however, will be gathered from the following paragraph, which appeared a few days ago in the Bendigo Independent : " It is said that the late Mr. Walter Craig, of Ballarat,, told some of his friends a short time be tore his death that he had dreamt that he saw a horse, ridden by a jockey wearing his well-known colours, but with crape on his left sleeve, come in just for the Melbourne Cup. Now Nimblefoot, Mr. Craig's horse, won the Hotham Stakes on Saturday, and his jockey, who wore crape upon his sleeve in memory of the late Mr. Walter Craig, was loudly cheered upon coming to scale. Those fond of coincidences may remember that the well known John Scott, a celebrated trained, a short time before his death, said that Marion, entered for the Chester Cup, would do a good thing. Malton did win the Cup, though an extreme outsider. Whether Nimblefoot will win the Melbourne Cup is another matter, but should that be the case it will be somewhat startling." And, startling as it is, Nimblefoot did win the Cup ! The Chess Match which has just been played between members of the Melbourne and Sydney Chess Clubs has given, as might be expected, ample satisfaction to the Melbourne players, as they may fairly claim to be the victors on the general result. The progress of the game was watched with much interest by a few " quiet " people, while all the gayer portion of the world of Melbourne were away at Flemington racecourse during a considerable portion of the time. It is to be regretted that there was a mistake made by one of our players, who misunderstood the move of his Sydney competitor, and thus allowed the game to drift into confusion. Even Mipposirrg, however, that this game were recorded in favour of the Sydney player, it would leave Melbourne the winner by one game. This little tourney has had an excellent effect here in reviving the interest in the game amongst our players; and as the player the Sydney men is acknowledged even by the winners on our side to have been, extremely good, it is not at all improb- able that the laurels will be transferred at the next friendly encounter. The arrangements of the telegraph departments of both colonies must have been very complete for there was no hitch or delay from the commencement of the telegraph- ing, soon after 10 o'clock in the morning, up to near midnight, when the last game was played out. The preparations for the defence of the colony from invasion is no longer regarded as an emergency and although Parliament was sitting last week, the Government scarcely thought it necessary to consult the Legislature on the subject. It is true that one or two of the Opposition speakers made it a ground of complaint against the Ministry that they had acted" illegally in raising the new defensive corps, and asserted that if these men were called out, and loss of life resulted from the use of their weapons, it would be murder in the eye of the law ; but members generally appeared quite satisfied that the ministry had not taken a single step beyond what the country would be prepared to endorse. There is no talk now about a Militia Bill ; nor is there any attempt being made to give additional vitality to the Volunteer organisation. The present standing army," of seventy or eighty, cut as respectable a figure as can be expected, and are 1 daily improving in their drill. The scientific corps, to be called the Torpedo and Signal Corps, has also been partially formed, and the officers have been gazetted. The principal work, however, which has been going on lately has been in the direction of harbour defences by shore batteries. In the repair of these and the mounting of the guns convict labour has been partially employed, and with very satisfactory results, for the men appear willing to do much more on the shores of the bay than in a prisónyard. Sir James M'Culloch told the House, the other evening, that the defences of the harbour were in a better state now than they had been at any previous time ; all which is perfectly true, though it by no means follows that their condition is a satisfactory one, for the magnificent pieces of ordnance possessed by the colony have been hitherto lying about in a state of apparent neglect, and some of the batteries required to be taken to pieces, and others better adapted to the appliances of modern warfare constructed in their places. All this condition of unpre paredness is now in process of being changed, and very soon we shall be able to boast of the following shore defences :- ' '. Wn.LfAMSTotvK. Lighthouse Battery, two 9-inch guns, four 32-pounders, and lwo'68-poumlern. Central Ten-gun Battery, one 9-inch gun, three 80 rounders, and probably six 32-pounders. Right Battery, turn 32-pounders. Bicskivatcr-pier Battery, one 9-inch gun and two 80 pounders. paper of Hudson's Bay. St. Kilda Right Battery, one 80-pounder. Emerald-hill Advanced Battery for four guns of modern construction, dream mined. Emerald-hill, Central Battery, three 80-pounders. Sandridge Lagoon Battery, one 9-inch gun, three 80 pounders, and probably four 32-pounders. POUT PlIIMiU- Hbaiws, chine-gun Battery, 25-pounder. i Total Gus Movntkii. Total old pattern 32-pounder smooth bores, 8, probably to be increased to 10. Total modern rifled, 32-pounder mounted, 10. Total modem lifted grama, 300 pounders, 5. This leaves one 9-inch gun and eight 25-pounders unemployed. The names of six gentlemen have been gazetted as a Board of Defence for considering and reporting upon the various suggestions made to the Government for the defence of the colony. Amongst these suggestions is one for the adop- tion of an engine of destruction which, if it is capable of all that is asserted of it, will render a large military force unnecessary, inasmuch as a very small party of men could with it destroy air army by in wider. It is, of course, a compound engine- like the mitrailleuse. The inventor is a Captain Fitzgerald, and but little notice would probably have been taken of it but for a sort of testimonial of Major-General Chute, who wrote to the Treasurer before leaving for England, recommending it to the attention of the Government, and stating his conviction that these implements are likely to prove most destructive, and that gunN worked on the principle of this invention Mould. in a few hours annihilate an army's' The agitation in favour of the introduction of the system of selling grain and Hour hythe cental instead of the bushel or the ton, which was ini- tiated! at the Commercial Conference held in Sydney a year and a half ago, has encountered many (hindrances and delays, but it has never been allowed to drop, and as your readers will remember the Conference of Delegates representing the Governments of four colonies which met here in July agreed to give the movement their support with a view to its being brought into practical operation on the 1st January next, the time fixed at a meeting of factors, merchants and others interested, which had been just preViously held in Melbourne. In order to ensure this arrangement being carried into effect at the time named, our Chamber of Commerce is send- ing a request to all the journals of the colony to commence the quotation of their market prices in centals as well as bushels, in order to familiarize the trade and the farmers as well as the general public with the new denomination. To facilitate calculations, a table has been prepared by the secretary, which, will be widely distributed: and it is also expected that an actuary will bring out a more elaborate and detailed table gi vin" every conceivable gradation of price, which will be in print before the new system comes into actual and general use. At first sight the change seems to involve some trouble on the part of dealers to familiarize themselves to the new method of calculation but when once adopted, it must be much more simple to reckon everything by a standard of 100, than to be taking, as the case may be, 20 lbs. or 40 lbs., 50, 55, or 50 lbs. ; CO lbs., 112 lbs., 2000 lbs., or 2240 lbs., and dividing or multiplying this great variety of figures. Moreover, the same article is not sold in all places by the same weight, maize, for example, which is sold by the bushel of 60 lbs. in Sydney, is sold by ne lbs. down to 50 lbs in different parts of this colony. It was expected that an attempt would have been made before this to draw from our Ministers a statement of their intentions in reference to the despatch of Lord Kimberley on the subject of intercolonial free-trade. The last session of Parliament was about to close when the report of the Intercolonial Conference was laid on the table, and the Governor's prorogation speech intimated that "the Government would take such steps as might be requisite, in order to give effect to the resolutions agreed to at the Con- ference." Now,' although there has been no time for the introduction of any legislation upon the subject, yet, considering that two of the Governments represented at the Conference, namely. South Australia and Tasmania (as also New Zealand which was not represented), have since introduced bills into their respective Parliaments, having for their object the promotion of that Intercolonial free-trade which the Conference declared that the colonies ought to be enabled to arrange between each other it was but reasonable to expect that on the opening of another session some reference would have been made to so important a matter, or that the Chief Secretary would have availed himself of the earliest opportunity to give some explanation to Parliament of the views and intentions of his Cabinet. The explanation probably is that there is too much apathy on the subject in political as well as non-political circles, and that the absence of all pressure from without is the true cause of the ministerial inaction and silence: During the next few days however, we shall hear something about it, and the Age (con- sistent always in its opposition to " Rogers " and Downing Street is demanding from Sir James M'Culloch the fulfilment of a promise made by him some time ago, that he would resent any interference with responsible government on the part of the Colonial Office. The despatch of Lord Kimberley is (says the Age) just the i sort of interference which calls for the protest of the' colonies. Possibly, however, the Age may find that Sir James views the despatch differently, and as simply a repetition of instructions to Governors of these colonies which have been issued by Lord Kimberley's predecessors in office, and of the general directions to Governors of British colonies, and a premonitory hint that the 43rd section of our Constitution Statute cannot be repealed in favour of intercolonial treaties. There has been a feeling of uneasiness here in regard to the letters and packets usually forwarded across the Continent from either Marseilles or Brindisi, especially as some packets expected by the last mail have not reached their destination. Still, however, the Post Office authorities issued their ordinary announcement, and the general public have adopted the usual course,; trusting to the Admiralty agent in charge taking the necessary measures for ensuring the delivery of the mail by the earliest practicable route. Some of the banks and mercantile houses, however, have adopted the Brindisi route for their chief advices, sending duplicates by way of Southampton, and reserving triplicates tor either the Californian mail or the next month's mail by way of Brindisi. This seems to be the course which has been advised by London houses to their Melbourne constituents of correspondents insist Aoiticui.TUKAi. Statistics From the summaries of the agricultural statistics, of Ireland for the year ended June last, it appears that, compared with 1869, As heat shows a decrease of 1916 acres, and oats of 30,476 acres. In barley there is an increase of 19,24 in here and rye of 561," and in beans and peas of 700 ariQB. Green crops show an increase of 29,455 acres, the largest amount being in the extent under . turnips which increased this year by 16,987 acres. There is an increase in the extent under meadow and clover of 105,119 acres, and a dew ease in flax of 34,359 acres. The returns of live stock for 1870, when compared with 1860, show an increase in the number of horses of 3105 ; of cattle, 02,705 and of this, 377,108. i Sheep exhibit a decrease of 317,211. The total estimated Value of horses, cattle, sheep, and pigs, this year, is £35,518,465, being an increase of £554,875 when compared v its 1869. The number of persons who emigrated from Ireland during the first seven months of this year was 53,854-considerably more than last year. 