O.\E. ANJ D-TWENTY. I T PEEDERIOR WILLIAMt ROINSON. CHAPTER XI. :ii~E Great Dover Road is neither a cheerful nor a fashionable thoroughfaire. The dreary looking private houses, extending from St. George's Church to the Bricklayer's Arms, have a shabby-genteel appearance, taken altogether, and the front gardens before a few of them are miserable attempts at cultivation which have produced -nothing but patches of brown turf and un healthy specimens of wall- flower and sweet. william, probably purchased, off a coster monger's barrow at ",a penny a root, all a-blowing." No one goes to the Dover Road -foh obange of .air or scene; its proximity to London Bridge, and London Bridge's prox fimity to the Bank of England, Exchange, and all the merchants'-offices, makes it a de 'sirable situation for clerks whose time is pre ,oiks and whose salary is limited. It is near ce hospitals, and consequently eligible "?hbanging out," as "med's" have it, for stu dents of those hospitals. The Dover Road echoes with city-bound footsteps from eight till iten in the morning-is full of noise and .bustle after the dusk of evening has set in anid the' workers at the desk are hastening 'hominevrfd; but is at other times particu 'larlj quiet. Midday there are only a few stiagglers here and there, some dawdling tradesmen's'boys, exchanging notes of obser vation on 'door-steps or against lamp-posts, a frightened man or woman with a hospital card after the medical students, a policeman sometimes, a postman at stated intervals, and one or two vicious-looking men and women, who have crept for a moment from a hideous rookery at the back, called Kent.street-a street which would have been swept from the face of London long ago had the march of improvement been anything but a dead march on that side of the water. " Half-way down the Dover Road, in one of thbe dreary-looking private houses to which I- have already alluded, forming No.-6 of a terrace to which there is no occasion to al lude at-all, resided Mr. Esden, his wife, and two sons; and to that interesting family-for there is always a certain, amount of interest attached to,a family that has known better days-I was formally introduced by Uncle Barohard.a week after the conversation re lated in my last chapter. My uncle and I found the family at home in the back parlour, the window of which commanded a full view of the rear of some hoiises-of-call for pickpockets in the street wvhich has not been swept away; and as the Esden family has no light part to play in these chronicles, it is well topause here, and glance at each member of the home- circle before: we progress further onwards. ". Sitting by the fireside, deep in perusal of a book; whose yellow leaves and time-worn cover denoted its great age, was the senior Mr..Esdeni a tall, thin, white-headed old gen tlemad, with full grey eyes, the brightness of which time had done little to diminish. His face was bpen and intelligent, and had been a very handsome one when its owner's years were less' in number; it was the face of i handsome old man still, despite the wrinkles age and dare 'had left on it. As I.entered the room. I observed that the sleeve of his right arm 'was empty.' Opposite. his father, in an easy attitude, Swith his back against the mantelpiece, and withlthe two front legs of his chair elevated a f?ot from the ground, sat the elder son. Though evidently six feet in height, though altered from the dark- haired, dark-eyed stripling I had.seen at Mr. Tackeridge's gates to. a bushy- whiskered young man, whose years were close on one-and-twenty, yet I recognized him on the instant; he seemed quite an :old acquaintance. He appeared a young man, too, whose .acquaintance was worth striving 'for. No one to look into his bright healthful face would have doubted it an index to alight heart, or a heart in the right place. If there were a fault to cavil at in as good-looking a countenance as ever was sculptured for anuApollo's it lay in the lower part of the face, the mouth and chin being a trifle too small and effeminate; but perhaps this is envy. My' mouth was rather large for a youth's, and my chin was a solid-looking affair, whioh gave quite a sternness to the rest of my features.' I believe my chin helped to suggest. the idea of hard-head as -my soubriquet at' Cliff-House Academy. . The youniger brother, whose years were be tween eighteen and nineteen, was as tall and good-looking as the rest of the family. His hair was nearly as dark as his brother's, but his eyes were of a full grey, like his fisther's. There was an air of.decision in the whole look of Charles Esden, which appeared to me the more striking- for the delicate pale counten once on which it was impressed. Mrs. Esden, -the lady's pardon for placing her last on the list,-was also tall-I may say very tall for one of the fair sex-a slim old lady, with white hair to match her husband's, with a face as full of gentleness as her son's, and vwith eyes as black as her elder's,--a chirping, sweet-voiced old lady, who was the first to salute 'us as the servant-maid announced our niddes and ushered us into the room. " Ah I 'Mr. Barchard, Mr. Farley, how de lighted I am' to see you." \- Mr.: Farley I What a agreeable old lady, to be sure.- What a contrast to Mrs. Holts; she called me "little boy I" Mr. Barchard's presence caused a small and immediate commotion; Mrs. Esden and her son Charles sprang up and placed seats for'us:;'the eldest son dropped his chair into a natural position, and old Mr. Esden rose, put his, book on the, mantelpiece, and very courteouslv.extended his left hand to my un ole, favouring me with a griaoious bow at the same time. "My-dear Barohard, how are you?" " I am very well Mr: Esden, thank you," reisponded .my uncle, in a law tone. Mr. Baroherd slightly nodded to the brothers Esden, but did not take the seat the younger one had offered him. SAnd this, I presume, is the young gentle man, Barohard, whom I am to bave the honour of taking into my family ? "'asked Mr. edendn. " Exactly so." "I think we shall agree very well together, sir?" said he to me. "I do not doubt it, sir." "We are quite a happy family here, Bar chard." -" Glad-to hear it," said my uncle. "I am sure," cried Mrs. Esden; "that Mr. Parley will firid nothing to complain of; my boys are good-tonnpered, and we are all very quiet. I think since our great reverses, my good air," to Mr. Barchard, "we have be come more united, more--" "i My doear," said \Ir. Enldon, with a proud air, " our fi'i.d l3Barchard does not wilsh to be entertained by any allusion to our great re verses, if you please," " My dear, I hope I have not pained you. "Mrs. Esden, we will dismiss the subject. Barchard, what will you take. A glass of wine-a--" " Nothing, thank you. I am pressed for time now. Excuse me." " Not going!" "Pressed for time," repeated Uncle Bar chard. Mr. Esden proceeded to see Uncle Bar chard to the street-door, regretting, in loud tones, that his friend Barchard was compelled to leave him-the hour was so early-would he stay half-an.hour?-would he come to dinner next Sunday ? Mr. Barchard declined to stay half-an-hour, or come to dinner next Sunday; and after a repetition of brief nods to Mrs. Esden and sons, and another brief nod of farewell to me, he followed Mr. Esden into the passage, and was shortly afterwalds shut out in the Dover Road. Mr. Esden returned, re-seated himself in the arm-chair, and took his old book off the mantlepiece. "I leave you to my sons, Mr. Farley," said he, in a more natural tone of voice than he had hitherto adopted. " I suppose you are, or will be, fellow-clerks, and so the sooner the ice is broken the better. Frank, talk." " Certainly. What shall I talk about ? Understand music, Mr. Farley ? " "No sir ! " "Hang your 'sirs.' Ha! ha! that's a tidy' way to break the ice. My name is Frank. What's your's? " "Philip." "That fellow there," pointing to his brother, " I call ' Charley ' when :I am in a good temper; 'Charles' when there's a slight difference between us abshout wearing .each other's collars; and ' Mr. Charles' when we've had a row together and don't speak for a month." " When was the last row, brother Frank ?" asked Charles. " Never mind-I remember well enough." "I don't." "Ah! you have such a wretched bad memory. Try and think." " About Annie Tuakeridge, perhaps ?" said Charles Esden, with a laugh. "Don't be foolish," said Frank, blushing. "I never knew such an absurd fellow as you are in my life, Charles! Annie Tackeridge, indeed I" "'Ahl I know," remarked his brother, significantly. "Pooh ! " "And if--" "You say you don't understand music, Farley ?" asked :Frank, with an evident anxiety to drop the subject which his brother had introduced. "Not at all, Mr. Frank." " Frank," corrected be. " Frank," I repeated. ' "Chess ?" "A little." "Dancing?" " Well.-I don't knowr.": " Don't know I " exclaimed both brothers. "Why, you see Uncle Barobard did not care about fashionable extras at my shoool, and so I did not learn of the dancing. master." " Of whom then, friend Phillip ?" "Of some of the boys. They used to teach me for a halfpenny a lesson in' the play ground after school-hours." 'fA novel way of cheating the master. Well, did you learn? " " I learned the steps." " How did your juvenile teachers say you danced ?" "Like an elephant." Frank and his brother laughed at my con fessions, and Mrs. Esden, who hbad gone into the front parlour-drawing-room she called it-looked between the folding-doors and in quired the reason for their hilarity. Upon being informed of the nature of the joke, she said to me " You must not mind my boys laughing, Mr. Farley, especially my Frank; he's a ter rible boy to laugh sometimes I But it's always in good part, and they're both dear boys, dear, good boys." I heard her murmuring "dear good boys " in the adjoining room after she had withdrawn her head and closed the' folding- doors once more. Mr. Esden did not take part in the con versation-he had become absorbed in his ancient volume, and had wholly shut from his thoughts the friends at his side. The ice was soon brolken between me and my companions; the friendly manner of Frank Erden quickly put me on a familiar footing in my new home, and though the younger Esden was a shade mnore reserved, yet there was an evident desire to set me at my ease which soon had its effect. I learned-as I had suspected from the first -tbat the brothers Esden were clerks in the counting-house of Messrs. Crawley and Bar chard, and that we were to go every morning and return every evening together. I had no doubt of our becoming, as Frank Esden termed it in the words of the old song, "jolly com panions every one." My regret at leaving Unole Barchard's house was rapidly vanishing- here were youth and high spirits for the companions of youth-there was only my. cousin Ellen, who had made the house in the Southwark Bridge Road a cheerful home to me, and I should see her once a week. I felt that it was almost ungrateful to be too readily pleased with ti Es den f.mily was it right to Uncle Barohard and his daughter? An old-fashioned time-piece before the looking-glass struck eight whilst we were con versing together. Frank Esdeo, after glano ing uneasily from the time-piece to his father, rose with rather an embarrassed air. " O by-the-by," said he, in the lightest of tones, " I think I will just run over andl see how Mr. Tackeridge is this evening." ILs he unwell ?" asked old Mr. Esden, roused from his book-study. " Well-'yes, he is," replied Frank, brush ing up his urly black hair with one hand, and looking rather warm.' " HIeo's got a vety bad cold-I may say one of the worst colds I have oever 8anon in my life." "Indeed," said his father, drily. "Yes, and so I had better run over and son him. It looks friendly, don't it, fatlher? " Frank led n talked as if MIr. 'l'ackoridge liverd opposite, instead of on Brixton Hill. " You'll be very late home, Frank," said his brother. "O! no, I shan't," he answered quickly. " I shan't he any time; in fact, I hlrdly know if I shall go in yet. Merely leave my com pliments at the door perhaps, and make all necessary inquiries. By George I I would not have Mr. Tackeridge's cold for fifty pounds." Mrs. Esden's head reappeared between the folding-doors. " Where are you going, Frank, dear ? " "Only across to Mr. Taokeridge's for a minute or two." " It's very late." " I can get a 'bus at the Elephant and Cas tie-I shan't be late- awful cold," cried Frank, in one breath, as he hurried out of the room and put a stolp to further inquiries. A moment afterwards he looked in, hat in hand. " I shall be home very early." "I say, Frank," cried Charley, " remember me to-" " Bother I" cried Frank, hastily disappear log. W?hen the street door was heard to close, Mr. Esden turned his attention to his book again, and Mrs. Esden came into the room and took a seat at the table near me. " Heigho I" sighed Mrs. Esden, opening her work-box, " I wish that he would not go so often to that Wheatsheaf Villa." "Boys will be boys, my dear," remarked the old gentleman, without raising his eyes; " fresh scenes and eternal change for life in itsspring. He will be graver when his years are older." " He's a dear, good boy," said the warm hearted mother; " but times are altered, and the Esdens are altered too." " I hope not, Mary," cried her husband; "only the Etlden fortunes, riot themselves." "T'hat is sufficient to put a stop to any thing--" " My dear," interrupted Mr. Esden, " boy and girl, boy-and girl ! Quite time enough to think of these things two years hence." "Yes; but Frank is earnest and hasty. If he should think too much of Annie, now I " The conversation was becoming particular. I half rose from my chair as the subject began to assume a private and confidential tone; but Mr. Esden's quick eyes caught the movement, and lie sid "Don't go, Mr. Farley; this is not a family secret." He turned to his wife again. "If such an event occur, Jane, I think it will be a very good thing for our dear boy; she is a very nice girl." " But Mrs. Tackeridge ? " "Ah, I understand," he said; "you think there may be objections in that quarter. My dear, I have no fear for Frank. He will be too honorable to choose a wife before his position enables him to maintain her properly. Mrs. Tackoridge," said he, proudly, " need not be alarmed." " But our Frank-" " My dear, this is an idle discussion,", interrupted lhe; " we cannot but sit still iand leave Frank in the hands of the son of Venus if the poor boy is touched in the heart." "But," persisted Mrs. Esden, "if Annie should not like him ?" Mr. Esden's proud look came back to his face. " I do not think my son Frank will ever go-begging for a wife.". "But-" began Mrs. Esden again. " But you keep me from my dear Dekker, Mrs. Esden," said. he with a glance at his book, " and I am sure these lads cannot be amused, with our controversy. Ha, ha! " shaking his white hairs at us, " your time is to come, young gentlemen. Make surb of the right ladies when you go sweetheart ing." Mirs. Esden gave up the discourse, and took to needlework. "Fond of books, Mr. Philip ?" asked the head of the family, as he opened the volume with one hand. "Very, sir." "You shall see my study to-morrow-my library I call it, though it's only the second floor back, and one can hardly swing a cat in it. Yet," his eyes sparkling, "I have some rare treasures there." " Rare litter, you mean, my dear."' "What-my first editions of Dekker, Marston, Beaumont, and Fletcher, litter! My choice copies of beloved Will Shakspere -my tracts of the Commonwealth which the Museum would like to buy, and shan't if I can help it- my black-letter Arcadia my Holinshed's Chronicles-my rare and priceless manuscripts-ancient check-rolls and inventories-I have one inventory of goods belonging to an old inn, with the date of 1587 on it, Mr. Farley ! " " A very early date, sir." "I will show it to you to-morrow, sir-it will' amuse you for hours, I assure you. Books litter, Mary," turning to his wife, "do you know what poor Overbury says? 'Bool area a part of man's prerogativeo; In formal ink they thoughts and voices hold; That we to them our solitude may give, And make time prosont travel that of old: Our lifo fame poecoth long at the end, And books it farther bactkward do extend.' PThere-beautiful, beautiful, beautiful,--so old!" Beautiful, so old ! Mr. Esden would have made a first- class critic. MIr. Esden had mounted his hobby and there was no unhorsing him. He had.found ain me a new and patient listener, not one uninterested in the theme, and at it he wont with all the enthusiasm of Quixote. He related, quoted, criticised, till supper-time, and his last words were a repetition of his promise to show me over the library in the morning as I wont up-stairs with Oharley for the night. My apartment was a small neatly-fur nisheod back room on the first floor, and Oharley Esden ushered me into it, esaying " Here you are, Philip. I hope you'll soon make yourself at home." "I feel quite at home already." "That's riglht. And now I'm afraid that-" he began in a hesitating manner. "Pray go on." " I am afraid that my father bored you a trifle this evening." "Not at all-I am fond of boskls--I like to hear about them." "It is the one great passion of his lifo, dear old dad," said Ohorley, "and I do not like to balk him by appearing uninteorostod when he mounts his hobby. My brother Frank, I fear, pains him in that way, so does mother. Why, Farley, you have gone the way tee win hiss heart in one night." "I boar the reputation of being a good listener." The time-piece in the back parlour down stairs struck twelve. " Hollo I " cried Charley, " there's twelve o'cloclk, and Frank's precious late, as usual. My mother will fidget her life out about him in half an hour more." " Will Mrs. Esden sit up for him ? " " In her own room. Frank has a key to let himself in, but my mother always waits in her own room, and I have good grounds for believing my father sits up in bed and keeps her company. But I am detaining you." "O, no, you are not," said I, politely. " Frank generally manages to lose the last 'bus when he goes to Brixton. I never knew such a forgetful old boy in my life." There was a true brotherly affection sparkling in his eyes whilst he spoke. I wished that night that I had had a brother to love. I should have felt'less lonely in the world. "I wonder," said Charley, after a pause, " if my mother heard that clock strike ? " " Why do you ask ? " "Because, if I crept down stairs and put the hands of the clock back an hour, she wouldn't distress herself half so: much, I know." "M Mrs. Esden must have heard it strike ; she has only been up stairs ten-minutes." "Then I had better not touch it. I hope Frank will be in before Grainger, though." " Who's Grainger? " "Our lodger," said Charley, the colour mounting to his face; " he's an actor at a theatre over the water, and comes in very late. Time works wonders you see'. We did not always live in the Dover Road, or take in lodgers, Farley." There was a touch of his father's pride in the last sentence. "I daresay you thought it strange, Philip, that my father addressed your uncle so familiarly this evening," he observed. "I thought that they were old friends, perhaps." . "O, no! My father is-was, perhaps is a better word-an old friend of your uncle's partner, Mr. Crawley; that's how we came to know Mr. Barchard. But my dear father has one weakness as well as one hobby, Farley-he hates to be thought poor, or not the equal of any gentleman whom he inay chance to meet. And, by the way, he is the equal of any gentleman too, there's little doubt of that." " I believe it." "Thank you, Farley, I'm very glad that you like him. But, then, everybody likes him. I'm sure I am keeping you up ? " " Don't mention it. Come in and sit down." Charles was lounging in the door-way, half in and out of the room. I was occupy ing an easy position against the bed- post. "No thank you - I'm off in a few minutes." But Charley Esden was not off in a few minutes; he: was in no hurry to seek the double-bedded room at the top of the house, which he and his brother occupied. Charley had overcome his reserve and was as communicative as any member of the Esden family. He was in the midst of a recital of his father's history and of the rash' speculations that had brought his father low,' when a latchkey was heard rat tling in the street-door. " Here's Frank-I'm glad he's home at last," cried he, exultingly, "that Brixton Road is so confoundedly dark at winter time, and---hang it!-it's Grainger." Charley did not move from his position as Mr. Grainger came up the stairs, two at a time, holding in his hand a night-lamp that had been left burning for him on a table in the passage. "Hollo! Mr. Charles, you are up late," said the new comer, as he reached the land ing. " Chatting with a friend of mine, you see, Mr. Grainger." " O-I see," with a glance at me from a sharp pair of eyes. "Good evening, sir."' " Good evening, sir," I replied.' I had never been in a theatre' in my life -I had a vague idea that it was something very wicked and awful, and beautifully lighted up, and that actors were the most terrible of sinners. My father and mother had brought me up with the idea, and it was almost a fixed one. I'looked, therefore, with some curiosity at this real actor. He was a tall man marked with the ravages left by small-pox,, a shabbily-dressed man with an exceedingly genteel air about him. In fact, he might have looked a gentleman in anything less worn than his coat, or less out of shape than his hat. His age was pro bably forty-six or forty-seven, but late hours and disease had almost made an old man of him. " Had a hard night of it, Mr. Grainger ? " inquired Charley. "Very," he replied. " Where's your brother.Frank, Charles ? " " He's not home yet, Mr. Grainger." "A bird of the night, eh ? Ah, the rogue, the rogue. Well," with a yawn, "good night, gentlemen." We repeated his good-night as Mr. Glraingor opened the door of the adjoining room and disappeared. Two minutes after wards a heavy snorting, indicative of pro found repose, issued from the room that he had entered. " He's surely notin bed yet," I exclaimed. "0 ! yes, he is. You see at Christmas he plays pantaloon in the pantomime, and he's so used to a rapid change of costume in the transformation scenes, that he can un dress in a minute." Oharley Esdon was talking in an unklnown tongue, and I did not comprehend him. Pantaloons, pantomimes, and transforma tion scenes were words with which I was then wholly unacquainted. Chlarley once more resumed the inoxhaust ible topic of brother Frank-what a good hearted fellow he was-what a willing fol low he was-what a lively follow in office hours, and how he kept the clerks in a roar all day; what a fellow he was for every body to take a fancy to-what a fellow he was to come home late from Brixtoun! " I suppose Miss Tackeridgo is very fond of Frank ?" I ventured to inquire. "'I don't know," said Chlarley, shaking his head dubiously ; " she was fond of him when she wuas a little girl, and we lived at Stroatham, near the Tackeridgo Villa. WWe used to meet Annie at the juvenile parties now and then." "I suppose," said I for the second time, "Annie Tackeridgo has grown up very pretty." " Pretty, I believo you ! " "She was very pretty when she was a little girl." " Why, how on earth do you know ?" " When I was my Uncle Barchard's boy, I saw Annie Tackoridgo once at WhVloitsehoaf Villa." " Did you though ? " said Charley. "Did it not strike you that she was. an uncom monly nice girl?" "No. It struck me that she was uncom monly obstinate." I related the incident of that past day and of Annie's trifling dispute with her gover ness. Charley Esden listened with a queer smile on his face, and said at the conclusion of my speech " She may be self-willed a little. I have heard so before. She'll match brother Frank there though, ho ! ho !" " Match brother Franlk in what?" asked a voice close to Charles Esden's ear. The younger Esden leaped in the air, and I gave a jump of nearly two feet in the same element myself. Frank Esden-for it was he-stood enjoy ing our surprise. " Shouldn't I make a capital housebreaker boys? " said he; " here I unlatch the door, bolt up for the night, and creep up stairs, with not a soul the wiser in the house. And now who is it that will match me Charley ?" "Annie will," boldly replied his brother. " Ah-chaff away; what does it matter to me? She will match me in beauty, I suppose ?" He laughed immensely at this-looking handsome enough too for any beauty in the world. Charley was getting ready for an assault in the Tackeridge direction, when Frank, guessing what battery would be unmasked, said "Come along, Charley-it's getting late. I say, Philip, don't oversleep yourself and get a bad name the first day you go to busi ness to-morrow." "Never fear." "Come on, Charley," said he, ascending the second flight of stairs. " Good-night, Phil Farley." " Good-night, Frank." The same adieux exchanged between Charley and me, and the brothers ascended to the next story. I heard the door of the front room open before I shut myself in for the night, and Mrs. Esden's voice inquire "Is that you, Frank? " "Yes ; good-night, mother." "Good-night, my dear." " Good-night, boy," said a gruffer voice, evidently from the same room. " Good-night, father." "You're very late." " Not very." "Past one." " That clock down stairs is twenty minutes fast, I know." "It can't be very wrong, Frank-Mr. Grainger has come in." "Has he? Ah ! an earlynight, I dare say. Good-night." "Frank." "Yes, mother." " How's Mr. Tackeridge's cold ? " "Cold-cold what ?" " Didn't you say that he had a very bad cold?" "0! yes, and so he has still-but, by George, I quite forgot to ask him how it was ! " CHAPTER XII. Being extremely anxious to arrive at the Thames-street mills in good time for buri ness, I rose the next morning as the clock down stairs was striking six. When I stood in the back parlour, about a quarter of an hour later, I found Kitty, the servant maid, blackleading herself and the stove in a very vigorous manner. "No one up?" I inquired. "La! bless you, sir," said Kitty, looking over her shoulder at me, without desisting from her occupation, " we's not early people here, sir. The young Mister Esdens ain't never up till very late, and master never comes down from his books till the coffee's cold, and Mr. Grainger has his breffast at one o'clock along with his dinner. Missus and me is the only early risers here, sir." " Where is Mrs. Esden ?" "She's in the kitchen. Shall I call her, air?" Kitty the willing sprang to her feet, with the intention of summoning Mrs. Esden, but with a " no, thank you, don't disturb her," I went back to my room. I was making up my mind to a slight stroll before breakfast, when a smart rap was given on the panel of my bad-room door. "Come in." Mr. Esden, in a faded blue dressing gown, opened the door and stood upon the threshold. "Good- morning, Mr. Philip." " Good-morning, sir." " Glad to see thatyou are an early riser," said he, with a bright smile; "you must set a pattern to those sleepy rogues of mine up stairs, for they need one." "If they do not profit by your example, sir, they will care little for mine." "0 l I rise at all manner of odd times go into my library, and waste away the early hours there. They don't know I am up in fact," replied Mr. Esden. "They are toer rible fellows for bed, especially Frank. Never mind, those who sleep long and hea vily have the lightest hearts. It is a great blessing to me, Mr. Farley, to find my dear boys do not regret their lost position. Not that we have fallen much, mind-not that we have fallen very much. It is necessary to live somewhere near the mills for the sake of the boys. Step up stairs and see my boolrs, Mlr. Farley. I promised to show them to you last night. You're fond of boolks, you say ?" "Yes, sir." "You may read mine when you have leisure," said he, as he led the way up stairs; "that is, if you take great care of them, for I wbuld not have them injured for the world." Before we entered the library on the se cond floor back-the door was open, and I could see there were not a hundred books there altogether-Mr. Esden strode up the next flight of staire, and applied his knuckles to the door of a room on the upper story. "Frank, Frank-Charley, Charley! "' " follo! " cried the voice of Frank, from within; "is that you, father? What's the matter ? " "It's getting late, boys. Mr. Philip's up." "Is he?" cried the voice of Charley, from within. " We'll be down directly." "Down in half a minute," added Frank, in a smothered tone, strongly suggestive of a recumbent position, with the bed-clothes over his head. Mr. Esdon doscnnded, and ushered the way into the back room, where his cherished books were stored. There was an old read ing-desk and one chair in the centre of the room, and a green Venetian blind before the window hid the Kent-street settlementh. Here Mr. Esdon was accustomed to sit, and fancy himself in the great library he' had had a few years back, before that little ivory hammer which knocks away the founda tions of so many fair estates had made a ruin of it. The books were arranged on a few shelves fixed in a recess on either side of the fire place: old dusty folios and thin quartos, ragged volumes every one of them, that were to other eyes than a bibliomanist's something to be got rid of at a butter-shop, providing their condition would warrant a butterman to bid for them. Mr. Esden rubbed his one band over his chin complacently, as he surveyed hischerished volumes, saying " There they are, Mr. -Farley; there they are, sir." " I daresay some of them are very valuable, now ?" I asserted. "Very; they don't look it, do they ?" " No; they don't." " You would not like to give much for them yourself?" "No; I shouldn't." A" Ah! I have some unique copies amongst them, Mr. Farley, that I refused to part with when it would really have been a help to-to -well, well, well, there they are, and there they mean to be." He walked to the shelves and took down a dog's-eared kind of pamphlet. "There's the most excellent Historie of the Merchants of Venice, with the extreame crueltie of Shylocke the Jews. Look at the date, look at the date I and here's Cutwode's Caltha Poetarum, or the Bumble Bee; youi have heoard of that ?" " I don't think I have, sir." " Not the book which the Arobbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of London con demned to be burned in 1599? Every copy to be burned ; but ha, ha l every copy was not-no, no, no." _ Mr. Esden gloated over his treasurees like a miser over, his gold, and was as tender in the handling of them. as if to touch them roughly were to give them pain. " When, ahom! " with a hard dry cough, " I disposed of a considerable number of books from my library at Streatham, larger than, this you know, larger than this I-I reserved a few of the best for my own private reading. A great number of the others, I am proud to say, are in the British Museum, and the property of the nation. I go and see them. three or four times a-week. They are taken' every care of, thank the Lord I" Mr. Esden :was still expatiating on the' ,treasures in his possession when Charley came down stairs and joined usn. " Where's Frank ?" inquired his 'father; stopping in the middle of the description of a fine specimen of bookbinding which did not appear to, be worth twopence. ",Where's' Frank ? " ""He'll be'down presently, father."' "A lazy young scamp, to be sure," said' dMr. Esden, trying to look grave. I was rather surprised to sse Mr. Esden:, and his son shake hands heartily, b; ivay f' morning salutation; but the evident affection of the whole family was.something new to'me" altogether. Uncle Barchard was never particularly pleased to see me when I. came down in the morning, never hoped that I had had a good night's rest, or anything of that: sort. My father and my stepmother, too, had. proceeded with their breakfast when I had gone down to mine, in that little back parlour behind the shop in Harp-street, 'and no coin-., pliments of' the morning had been ever inter.-, changed there; poverty and trouble crush outi, all courtesy, and the heart's affection seldom shows itself upon the surface in the lives of i those who are always fighting hard. It was nearly eight o'clock before Mrs. Esden sat at the head of the breakfast-table with her .hua. band; Charley and I in our respective places: -Frank was coming down directly-just a minute I " You will be late this morning, Charley, dear," said his mother, with her hand upon an old-fashioned coffee-pot. " We shall have to run for it," was the answer. "Philip, you can run, I suppose ?" " Oh, yes." Frank's feet coming down several stairs at once were soon distinctly audible, and a; moment afterwards Frank made a dash into the room. He shook hands with his father, Charley, and me, kissed his mother, dropped into his place, and began upon a hot roll, almost in the same instant. " By George ! shan't we be late ! What will old Bearhard sayv, if h gets there first ? Why ever didn't some?body call me ?" Breakfast was proceeded with at a rail way-refreshment pace, and then I and the boys were ready to depart. Hurried adieux, a scamper down a myriad of back streets, and finally the well-known gates of Messrs. Orawley and Barchard's steam flour-mills were reached. It seemed but only yeater day when I turned the corner of the yard by that old iron post and curb-stone to begin life as Mr. Barchard's boy. Did.I over" dream then of coming to business asiMr.:" Barohard's clerk? . Had three years and some months gone by since the day I last set foot in the yard? So long.a time, and yet so little change! The same waggons.. going out, flour-laden, to their soveral'deaoti: nations; the same carters, in many instanceis,' some looking four years older, some un chihnged; the same clatter of horses hoofs'; the same figures flitting about the yards; the" cranes at work as usual; the sacks of flour' dangling in the air; the plunge, ratlte, plunge, rattle, of the hard-worked engine, still reverberating through every floor in the great mills before me. There was a change in one individual whom I had left some three years since-in Ike Boxham, who rose up like a ghost before the door leading to the nowcounting-houuo which Mr. Barohard had built during my absenoe, Iko had a mouthful of tickesl when I ran against himn; but as he opened I his mouth with intense astonishment the ,tickets fell fluttering to the ground. Ike ''iahd become something more than a man almost a Norfolk giant, or a Patagonian. Nearly seven foot in height, with a huge frame, an immense pair of shoulders, 'and a colossal pair of logs--heo stood there a fair specimen of a sturdy English work man. Ike picked up his tickets, and half hoeepishly stretched out his hand when I extended mine. "''Things ain't as they was, Master Mlistor Farley-" said he, as red as a peony ; "and I'm jolly glad of it, for the matter of that. How you've growed! " "Don't talk of that, Ike," said I, laugh ing. "Well I I'm a tidy size for my ago, they. say," remarked Iko. "Good morning, gentlemen." He touched his hat to the brothers Esdon, who, after a careless nod by way of no-' knowledgmont, passed into the counting-' house. "I'd better not keep you, sir," said Ike; " the' guv'nor's in the counting- hones." "O! is he? Do you mean Mr. Barchard?" "I mean the couple of them." "I 'am glad to see you are still here, Ike." S;" 0! yes-we gets on pretty well together, old Mr. B1archard and I does. He gives mel warning every Saturday night for sumfink or t'other, and lets me off the next Saturday, as reg'lar as clock-work. But there's the horses off of themselves! Glad to see you here again, sir-worry glad indeed." Off ran Ike, in a pair of clattering boots that might have boon the identical pair of three years since, had not his foot doubled their size to match his gigantic stature. I entered the counting-house --rather nor vously I may own now-and the eyes of the clerks were turned in my direction. Mr. Barchard was in the middle of the room, talking to a thin, dapper little man, with grey hair and a cast in his eye. I knew that it was Mr. Orawley by past observations from the corner of the yard andfrom my seat in Mr. Barohard's gig, before my uncle, with a motion of his head in that gentle man's direction, mentioned the name-" Mr. Crawley." " Glad to see you here, Mr. Farley," said the senior partner. ', Hear you are very quick at accounts, sir. We want quick witted young men here; nothing slow will do in these promises. Gentlemen," to the clerks, " the junior clerk, Mr. Farley." "While the clerks were acknowledging my existence, my uncle said, " Mr. Holts will give you some idea of your duties, Philip. Mr. Holts," to a pale-faced, light-haired, weak-eyed, washed-out looking young man, " just 'give' Mr. Farley some idea of the delivery-book, the petty cash., and so forth, if you please." "Yes, sir," said Mr. Holts in a meek voice. Who was Mr. Holts ? He was a new comer and a junior clerk, too. What rela tibn: could he be to the grim lady in the Southwark Bridge Road ? 'Messrs. Orawley and Barchard soon dis appeared from the counting-house, and left it in possession of the clerks for the re mnainder of the day. Mr. Holts initiated me into the mysteries of the books of the Thames-street flour-mills - mysteries with which I became acquainted rather quicker than Mr. Holts could give me credit for, as he went on explaining and illustrating long after everything was A B 0 to me. I began my new life that day heartily and earnestly, with a resolution to work hard and be a good servant to my uncle. Frank Esden.touohed me on the shoulder as I pored over my new lessons. "I say, you need not go on in that steam engine fashion, my boy. You are not racing for a wager here." " I am not hurrying. I worked just as fast at school." "The deuce you did. Ah I you'll never keep at that rate long, I know." Frank went back to his desk, whistling softly to himself. He did not understand my motive. He did not know that I was in debt one hundred and twenty-three pounds fourtoen shillings. Notwithstanding that attention to my ac counts which I thought was but an act of duty' to my employers, I found leisure for observation in the little world around me. I noticed that Frank Esden was the favorite in' the office-that his flow of spirits, his light-hearted jesting, his invariable good temper, had won even upon the senior clerk -a bad-tempered man-who was the iden tioal" Mr. Steele that flung the key of the stables at me on the first day of my entering the mill-yard. I observed, likewise, that meliek Mr. Holts was the butt of the more facetious'clerks, and that he took their jests and practical jokes, when the back of Mr. Steele was'turned an instant, with a sickljr stnioe,and a general equanimity 'which said little for the spirit of that gentleman. oWe got through a fair amount of business that 'day, despite the practical joking; and atrsevoh o'clock in the evening the account booklte'ero:on: the shelves, the 'clerks were sahntqriig. into the fresh air, and Mr. Holts wa?iturning out the gas.. "Who is Mr. Holts? " I asked of the Eqoens,, as we walked together in the diree tion of home. 0i' he was 'the junior clerk, till you turned up," said Frank. "A milksop of a fellow, is he not ? " "'He appears very quiet." ",Quiet-he can't speak above a whisper. I never saw' him laugh in my life, and ho's aseiervdusas a great girl. He's a regular spoon, iedi't he, Charley ?" I do .not consider him a particularly bright young man,". said the brother in replyi "still, he's like the tortoise, slow and sure." i"And about as agreeable a companion," remarked Frank. "I do not know what oau~fe the 'ihatter with him.". ' Crossed in love, perhaps," suggested C(lialey. "That is a complaint that would mace any man miserable, you know." "I 'don't know anything about it." ?"i'onie, Frank,". said Charley, "you are more experienced in the tender passion, at aiy. rate. There's--" ".That'll do," said. Frank decisively. "sliut up, respected brother mine. Will yo'ilhave a cigar? " "No, thank you." ,"Farley ? " l"'I don't smoke, thank you." iiI do." Exit Frank Esden into a tobacconist's. ' I 'mean to leave off smoking,," said Fra?ink' vhn he had' rejoined us, asnd was "I declare, Nancy," said Titus, on their way home, "Prudence Doopwater beats all creation for cooking, don't she ? I'd no puffing at his cigar with evident relish. "It's getting a confounded habit, and it makes my old father cough like one o'clock. Yes ! I shall bid farewell-a long farewell to the fragrant wood one day-perhaps to night. I shall turn off hero." " You are not going to Brixton again ? " exclaimed his astonished brother. " Just for a minute, that's all. I forgot to ask about the old follow's cold last night, and it looks forgetful of me, does it not ? " " Well ! come home first," urged Charley, " and have your tea." "Save me mine,' said Frank. "I shall be home in loss than an hour. Good-by." And to avoid further importunity Frank took to his heels and ran away. Old Mr. Esdon looked disappointed when Charley and I entered the room together; and " where's Frank?" was his first in quiry. " Brixton again ! " ejaculated Mrs. Esdon, after our reply. " Oh! dear, dear, I wish he would not go quite so often " " My dear," said her husband, quietly, " lot the boy alone. He's a bright lad, and knows his own business best." And so the subject was dropped, and Frank Esden returned about sapper-time, to toll us that Mr. Tackeridgo's cold was a great deal better, and that he was very much obliged to Frank for calling to inquire about it. Time glided silently away. in my new home. Week followed week; the days grow longer, and the nights decreased. The hoary winter gave place to smiling spring, and life, business, and money-making kept pace with the seasons. I had become at tached to the Esden family, and won from each of its members a little esteem for my self. I had learned to look on Frank Ehden, too, as an elder brother; and to feel in my heart a deeper affection for him than he ever gave me credit for. I may mention, in this place, that Mr. Grainger'the actor suddenly and unceremo niously quitted his apartments, under cir cumstances which sometimes occur in the best-regulated lodging-houses, retiring from No. 6 without paying the rent, which had fallen nine weeks in arrear. Why I have alluded to this gentleman in these pages will appear hereafter. Spring time. Frank Esden was nearing one-and-twenty, and his father was regret ting, in unguarded moments, that change in his fortunes which prevented him making extensive preparations for his dear boy's coming of age. Meanwhile I dined at Mr. Barcharcl's every Sunday afternoon, and went to church with Cousin Ellen and Mrs. Hollts in the evening. A quiet, monotonous, but not un happy life of mine till my seventeenth-birth day came and passed away-a life without its cares-a few friends standing by my side, and not a single enemy to bear me malice. Calm life of mine, destined to be a her.ld -as calms have been, before and since-of many a storm, I puass from it into troubled waters. Troubles of the heart and the brain; of my own and of my friends; the outer life of business, and of the inner life with which business has no conngiction, were coming with my eighteenth year, and were to never cease again. And is my life, for that reason, stranger than my fellows? Where stands he who has had his fortune to strike out for himself, and has not seen his troubles and tempta tions dawn upon him ere his manhood? I do not repine. My life has had its sun shine, and if not often or continuously, still I am grateful to the Giver for all that has shed a light upon my path, and saved me more than once from giving way. Let the story close, then, on the calm and still; had it remained thus ever, what need to have written Philip Farley's life? flb be coatinied.1 