LAYING THE CORNER STONE OF BISHOPTHORPE. (Abridged from, the Goulburn Herald.) On Saturday last the interesting coremony of laying the corner-stone of Bishopthorpe, the in tended future rosidonce of the Bishops of Goul burn, was performed by Airs. Rossi. iuo site is an elevated position between Rossi- villo and Goulburn, about two milos from tho lattor. _ It commands an extensive prospect over Rossivillo, Kingsdalo, Konmoro, Goulburn, and Gundary. It is partly tho gift of F. R. L. Rossi, Esq., and partly a grant from tho Government. Tho structure will partly bo of bluo-stono, found upon tho land, nnd will consist of rubblo-work relieved by AVingello stono for openings and quoins. It will probnbly bo eomplotod in about twolvo months, and will bo tho property of tho diocoso. Tho foundation having boon put in, Saturday last, boing Now Year's Day, was appointed for laying tho cornor-stono. About a hundred ladios and gontlemon wore prosont. Tho Bishop of Goulburn oponod tho proceed ings by reading tho first vorso of tho 127th Psalm: — "Excopt tho Lord build tho bouso, thoir labour is but lost that build it ;" and having offered up appropriate prayers, nddrossod a fow words to tho company assomblod. Ho oxprossod himsolf greatly pleased that tho work of tho new yenr had been thus auspiciously commenced.. Thoy woro greatly indebted to the generosity of Air. Rossi, who in tho first instance hnd givon ono hundred acres of land to tho endowment fund and subsequently fiftv-threo acres for tho erection thereon of a building suitable for an opisc.opal rosidonce. Thoy wore also under obligations to tho nrobitoot, and to tho buildor, tho Mayor of Goulburn ; nnd thoir thanks wore spocially duo to tbo contributors, whose gonor- ous _ gifts had laid them undor a doep dobt of gratitude. Tho building would bo substantial, and though plain would havo, an ecclesiastical appoarunce. Although tho nocessity of an episcopal rosidonco had been apparent from tho first, yet ho had thought it best to delay taking any stops towards supplying tho want whilo thoro was so_ much other work to be done in the diocoso — while so many clergymon were withont parsonagos and so many parishos without clorgy- mon. Now, however, nine new parsonagos had been erected ; and there wero only soven clergy men throughout tho diocese who were still thus unprovidod for. Owing to tho unfavourable nature of the seasons during tho past few years all tho interests of tho colony hnd suffered con sidorablo depression, and somo £5000 bad boon paid in for'tho endowment of tho seo ; and thoso cansos wore quite sufficient to account for tho doluy that had takon placo in commencing to build a rosidonco for tho bishop. The now building was intonded to bo cnllod Bishopthorpe, a name suggested by Airs. Barker, and which was singularly appropriate. Tho list of contri butions originated by a friond in London promis ing to contribute £100 if nino othors would agroo to do tbo same. Nino other friends did so; and thus a commoneomont was at once made with £1000. Aftor reading tho list of tho proposed committed of the Bishopthorpo, tho appeal, and tholistofthocontributors.his lordsliipguvoasutn- mary of tho state of tho building account, us follows : — The sul) criptions received nnd pro mised from England will bo £1100 (in addition to £1200 previously rocoivod by tho bishop from his personal friends in England). Tho con tributions rocoivod in the colony are £1552 15s. proniisod ditto, £490 15s. ; further required for tho completion of all tho arrangements, £1856 10s. This will show thut tho sum of £23 17 5s. was expootod still to bo rocoivod in tho colony from tho abovo promises and from future sub scriptions. And thus for tho sum of £3900 tho diocoso will receivo property worth £6200, inde pendently of tho hind, which is also of considor ablo vnlue. AVith this oxpianatinn, which ho trusted would bo satisfactory, lie now called on Airs. Rossi to procood with tho laying of tho cornor-stono. 'Tho contractor then handed to Airs. Rossi a handsomo carved mallot of myall wood, and a beautiful silvor trowel, bearing tho following inscription Prosonted to Mrs. Rossi by tho Bishop of Goulburn, on tho occasion of hor lay ing tho foundntion-stono of Bisliopthorno. 1st January, 1870." Tho stono was thou laid in tho usual manner by Airs. Rossi, who said in a firm voico, " I lay this corner-stone of Bishopthorp to the glory of God nnd the benefit of His church in the name of tho Father, tho Son, and tho Holy Ghost. Amen." Aftor several speeches, the Bishop said that he mnst re-echo tho Doan's wish, that whon this building was finished, or indocd before, they would make a start townrds raising funds for tho erection of a cathedral. Ho was happy to bo able to say that Airs. Cox hud gonorously pro mised £100 towards this object ; and a fnond in Sydnoy had promised £50. IIo therefore trusted that before long thoy would ho ablo to tnako somo progress with tho cathedral fund. In conclusion, his lordship invited tho guosts to his temporary rosidonco, where refreshments woro providod ; after partaking of which tho company soparatod, all apparently much ploused with tho work that had tiuit day boon performed. 