CAMBE1RWELL READINGS. siY ACKil)tR, At the lost entertainment, we wero pro mised :bv the chairman that 'next entertain. mont would be highly infused with the comBi element;" and that is the reasoun ~vhy "I buckleddup mly waisltcoit and tucked up my shoes " 'nim.Monday nightlast" When I ar rived, I thinlfitr- muslt: lve been lthe " COmic element " that was giving a recitation. What it was about I dofey any onu to tell, except, perlhaps, the reciter himself, who, however, seemed to kIoow less about it than anybody elso. And after all that he was encored. 'ITho next on the programmel was " e Mr. Snowden -recitation-- Lady Jlune," given in his usual style. JRecitations are all very good in their way, but when they are about a quarter ofan hour long, you may depoud upon it the por. former receives blessings for sitting doan, The next was a duet between Mr. Day and a gentleman affectionately called Charley Tay. lor. It was well sung, and they were in great danger of being encored. The scene from King John was the next on the pro. grammo, with the following powerful cast:- Hubert, Mr. Charles Taylor; Arthur, Tommy Taylor; and Mr. Wiutle, Mr. J. Bradly. There is not much doubt but that it was very well done indeed, but the audience at Cam. berwell didn't seen to thoroughly understand it, as there was loud laughter at the most serious " situations." Little Prince Arthur, was played very well, and when ho fell on his knees and was nabbed by " The Spy," to put Iris eyes out, a Hibernian friend sitting next door to me says-" Oh, go for a policeman ; they'll kill the poor boy between them !" The next was a duct by two young ladies. An enooro was demanded, but Mr. Isaacson gave a lecture to the " boys who ought to know hobetter at the end of the hall," instead. Then there was an interval of ten minutes, and a good many present took advantage of the proximity of the Great Eastern. Upon reassembling, w hald it scono from Tamnlet, by another Mr. Taylor and Mr. M\'ontgomery Bradly, the latter being, as usual, very ellectivo. The Ghost was played pretty well, but I think I've soon a better one. " Hamlet, I am thy father's ghost." " You're a - "-" I could a tale unfohl, that would maklt your young be-load run cold."-" Don't unfold your tail hero." The two young ladies gave anotheor duet and got another encotre, Mr. Snowden gave " Young Iochinvar," a rather worn out penny reading piece; and then camne last, but not by any means least, Mr. Taylor, the oonmiue, who sang "Be quiet, or I'll. call Mother," for which he was recoived unanimously with with gingerbeer bottles, brickbats, and other refreshmnouts. lie was of course encored, and sang " Ka.fuzzlo-um," and asked the " boys at tho end of the hall" to join in the chorus--a by no means easy task. After that he was asked to sing again, but Mr. Isaacson said he'd sing the next this day throo weeks, 