NEWS AND NOTES. Complaints still reach us from persons interested in telegraphic communication between Ballarat and Clunes. We were shown an important message on Friday, which took exactly two and a quarter hours to send from Ballarat to Clunes, and about two and a half hours to get an answer. A horseman could have ridden .the distance in a shorter time. Telegraphic communication between these two important towns' has long been a farce. It will, be seen by advertisement, in another column, that his worship the Mayor of the City of Ballarat has proclaimed a half-holiday on the 20th instant, on the occasion of the visit of his Excellency the Governor to the agricultural show. . News of the safety of Dr Livingstone, we learn by recent advices from the Cape, was received at Table Bay, on 22nd May, by the schooner Montrose, Captain Anderson, from Zanzibar, 13 th March, bound for Bos ton. At a public breakfast given in honor of the Rev. Robert Moffat, who was about to leave the colony for England, Sir Thomas Maclear, the . astronomer royal, in proposing the health of Dr Livingstone, who is Mr Moffat’s son-in-law, thus referred to the subject: —“The letter, therefore, from Dr Livingstone, dated 30th May, 1869, and which was received at Zanzibar on 2nd October, is the latest news we have direct from him, But we have the news brought us the other day by Captain Anderson of the Montrose. Captain Anderson himself told me that he had a con versation with Dr Kirk, and that the doctor had told him he had received a letter from Livingstone only a day or two previous, and that Livingstone was not only alive, but well. (Cheers.) The Montrose left Zanzi bar on 12th March; and I believe the news brought by Captain Anderson to be perfectly true. (Prolonged cheering.) It was physically impossible for Living stone' to have gone from where we heard from him in May, and to have been where hb was said to be, ac cording to the' 'West Coast rumor, at the time when he was reported to be murdered;" The right of holding two'publicans’ booths at the annual show of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society, on the 19th and 20th instant, will be sold by auction to-day, at Craig’s hotel, by Mr Alex. Kelly, at 2 p.m. The right of taking horses into the society’s horse-paddock will also be sold. In the Eastern Police-court yesterday, Mr E. J. Lewis, who appeared to prosecute the day before in the false pretences case, Ackman v Quirk, quoted a recent decision on the subject. The case cited was Regina v Meckin, a special case sent to the full court by Sir Thomas Tilson, chairman of the Quarter Ses sions, Reigate, Surrey. It was argued on Ist May, 1869, before Chief Baron Kelly, Baron Cleasby, and Justices Keating, Lock, and Brett; and the Chief Baron in giving bis decision spoke as follows:—“ The conviction must be affirmed. The prisoner falsely represented that his goods were unencumbered; but the truth was, at the time he made the statement they were encumbered by a bill of sale he had exe cuted a few hours before; therefore he knew the representation was'false.” Ah Young, the Chinaman charged with having stolen an iron bedstead from the lepers’ camp, Clayton Hill, was sent to gaol for three months by Mr Gaunt, P.M., yesterday. ‘ Througiuthe interpreter, Ah Young denied the charge, said he would not touch anything belonging to the lepers, and finally became rather abusive. A meeting, in favor of the French War Relief Fund, was held on Thursday last at Cheri Mars’ hotel, Gordon. About one hundred friends of the cause were present in the room. Monsieur j. Drouhet said that this meeting was called to form a local committee to help the Bal larat committee in collecting money towards the French War Relief Fund. This being entirely a matter of charity it were well that all party feelings should be put aside, and he would receive with gratitude the smallest donation without distinction of nationality. M- Drouhet’s remarks were well received and a local committee was then elected, with Mr Patrick Ryan as president; MLure, secretary; Cheri Mars, trea surer. Committee—Messrs: M'Mahon, Boham, Ken nedy, J.: Murphy, Subblet, Brith, Curran, Corcoran,- Cantwill, Laffin, Conry, B. Murphy, Walsh,: and J. . Robertson. List of subscriptions were handed to the members of the committee, and the treasurer received £6 14s. 6d, collected in the room, The meeting was then adjourned for a fortnight. : ' The Rev. J. C. M'Michael will lecture in the United Presbyterian Church to-morrow; evening on “ Univer- ; salism.” f Special services will be held in the Dawsou street Congregational Church to- morrow, at which the Rev., W. R. Fletcher will preach. There will be a rifle match- held this day at the: Ballarat Butts, between ten members of the Castle taaine Rifles and an equal number of theßallarat Rangers. Firing will commence at 11 a.m. The distances are 200, 500, and [6OO yardß, seven shots at each range,. Hythe position. ; The following are the respective teams, and from what we can learn of the Castlemaine one, the Ballarat Rangers will have to exercise their best skill if they wish to be victors.: Castlemaine Courtney; Sergeants J. J. Courtney and Irwin; Corporal Suthnier; Privates Allan, Felstead, Randall, Williamson, and Rose; Drill-instructor Dougherty. Emergency, Corporal Templeton. Ballarat—Lieut.-Colonel Rede; Captains Sleep and Greenfield; Sergeants Shaddock, C. Fly, and Mann; Corporal Williamson; Privates Brown, Scott, and Farindon. On 12th .October a conference of delegates from shire and borough councils, convened by circular, was held in the town-hall, Maryborough, to decide upon the best means of securing an extension of the rail way from Castlemaine to Maryborough. The con ference had assembled: at the invitation of the Maid on shire Council, for the purpose of‘renewing the agita tion on .the railway, question. .Mr Otto Jung occupied the'chair. After much discussion, it was resolved—“ That it is the opinion of this conference that railway extension from Castlemaine to the North western district via ] Maryborough, would greatly de velop the resources of these places and benefit the public, and that the members of this conference pledge themselves to give their support towards securing railway communication." A local committee was then: appointed to represent the delegates and collect the necessary statistics, Mr Davis to perform this latter duty. After it had been resolved—“ That it be an instruction to the committee to abstain from any ex pression of view as to direction of route between Maryborough and Castlemaine, and that such ques tions be left to the Government,” the meeting ad journed. The entertainments furnished by the brass band of the Ist B.V. Rangers every Friday night in the Sturt street Gardens, are evidently growing in the estima tion of the public each succeeding week, judging by the large and appreciative audiences present upon every occasion. Large as the attendance was on the previous Friday, it was last night greatly in excess, and from the excellent manner in which the whole programme was rendered, the band certainly deserved that compliment. We have not. been able to ascertain the amount collected from the audience for the suffer ing bandsman, but the members of the band sub scribed among themselves the sum of two pounds five shillings, and we trust that the public displayed equal liberality. : For two nights only—so runs the advertisement will Mr George Coppin and the Melbourne “Star” Company appear at. the Theatre. Royal, commencing on Monday evening.. Mr Coppin will appear in “ Paul Pry ” and “ Milky White,” and as Mr Paul Pry in the. first piece “ will have a little-chat with Ballarat folk on matters of great public importance.” Mr Coppin is a great favorite, and he will be assisted by Rogers, Stewart, Greville, Ireland, Hall, Daniels, Lewis, Glad stone, and Sefton; with Mrs Woolridge, and Misses Stewart, Juno, and Douglass. The readings in All Saints School were well attended on Thursday evening.. Every part of the room was filled, and the programme was gone through to the satisfaction of all. The Rev. J. M. Watson occupied the chair, Mis3 Arthur presided at the piano, and Mr E. Browne conducted the musical portion of the enter tainment. Glees were rendered by the choir of the church, and solos by Mrs H. Cazaly, Misses Jones, •Hall, and Nankivell, .and Mr Harrison; readings, by Rev. S. Copeland and Mr Bloore; recitations, by Messrs Everiugham and Kemp, and Masters Wilson, Jenkins, and Emery. Two little girls, Misses Kyle and Mitchell, played a very pretty duet (piano). Before separating the audience thanked by acclamation those taking part in the entertainment, The gasalier in the Eastern Police- court was yester day cleaned, we are told, for the first time during the last two years. The work was done by the Eastern Council,' after repeated and unsuccessful applications to the Att6rney : Gcneral’s Department. The Buninyong Cricket Club opens its season to day, if the Telegraph he right. When is the Ballarat Club going to get its splendid Oval ready for an opening day? Haymaking is now going on there, and the look of the Oval gives warrant for ah early opening of the campaign." Since writing the above the hon. secretary informs us that the ground is considered to be too wet for play this week, but that if the weather hold fine an opening match will be played next Saturday. • A little girl, living not far from the Springdallah hotel, in Grant street, had a narrow escape from drowning on Thursday. She was at play along with some boys and girls,, and the locality of the fun: in which the party indulged was on the border of some old mining holes, in one of which a boy was drowned a, few months ago. While her companions were absent from her the little girl fell into a very deep hole and at once disappeared. One of the children saw her go down, and with great presence of mind gave the alarm, at the same .time watching till she "came to the top of the water for the first time. / The child on the bank then caught her clothes and held her till assistance came up, when she was; landed and soon recovered. The water holes in White Flat over the road from the gaol are so open as to be likely to lead to frequent accidents if not filled up or fenced ■ round in some way by the authorities. The opening scratch match of the season will be played this day on the Ballarat We3t Cricket Reserve by members of the Ballarat City Cricket Club. In another column will be found a gratifying report of the proceedings during the first quarter of the existence of the Ballarat We3t School of Design. The cases disposed of by his Honor Judge Cope at the County Court yesterday were for the most part un important, though the heariug of them; owing to the taking of voluminous evidence, occupied the court till nearly half-past five o’clock. Vine v Taylor was an action tried by assessors, in which plaintiff, a confec tioner, sought to recover and recovered from Mr John Taylor, Red House Bakery, damages to the amount of £9B for breach of agreement with him, in bringing him from England and dismissing him before his term expired. The defendant in the action alleged that the plaintiff was wasteful and slovenly in his work, and the plaintiff, on the other hand, asserted that he was got rid of in consequence of a cheaper man being procurable. Howard v Stoney-was a peculiar action, for damages to a buggy which was being driven to the races with Mr Stoney by a servant of plaintiff. The servant allowed Mr Stoney- to take the reins, and he smashed a shaft through coming in contact with a cart,on the road. His Honor did not think Mr Stoney liable, as the servant of plaintiff was to blamo in allowing him to take the reins. He therefore nonsuited plaintiff. The Court of Mines will sit to-day, when three new and one postponed case will come, on for hearing. Our Learmonth correspondent writes:—“lt is not a good thing to cry out before one is hurt; though at the same time there is nothing like looking danger in the face. This may be said of the crops in this dis trict, for that they have been seriously affected, and stand in danger of failing, no one can doubt. The season is already well advanced, and in the present month the crops that certainly should be up as high as the second rail of the fences are considerably below it. They look sickly, moreover, and even the last few days’ fine weather has apparently tended very little to their advancement or improvement. The imme diate neighborhood of Learmonth possesses - some of the" finest Cultivated farms that are to be seen in the district. The crops on them to a casual observer or passer-by look well, but only walk through them and they are found to be thin and poor. Here and there is to be found a good field of wheat or oats, but they are very few and far between. I have heard farmers who are -fearless of speakiug the truth, remark that there will not be half a crop this year; and, moreover, if hot winds set in or the present weather continues for any length of tirne,’ it will even fall short of that.” Some Comer men, following the example of the energetic crowd who managed Borne months since to produce upon the Eastern Oval a first-class walking amateur who strove against time to the great gratifi cation of a host of ladies and gentlemen, by means of a bet, real or imaginary, procured a similar exhibition on the O val on Thursday last. The bet was that a gentleman much more experienced than the “ ped.” who exhibited his walking powers -in the past, would not get over his four miles within an hour. Being a betting man and one possessed of considerable pluck, the gentleman who struggled on this occasion made his appearance on the Oval on Thursday evening, and,’ the centre of an admiring circle, “did” the sixteen rounds anda few yards which made up the four miles. We are sorry to say, after the exertions made by the other competitor, that Old Time was the winner by six minutes. The Rev. C. T. Perks, incumbent of St. Stephen’s, Richmond, will preach in St. Paul’s. Church to-mor row, at morning and evening services. . This will be the, first time that the rev. gentleman has preached in Ballarat since his return from Europe! , The: annual collection will be made in aid of the Orphan Asylum. ’ Mr Simon Morrison, secretary to the Ballarat Agri cultural and Pastoral Society, will attend at Craig’s hotel to-day, from 10 a.m. until 6 p.m., to receive entries for the show to be held on the 19th and 20th Inst. No entries will be received after 6 p.m. this evening. A largo number of exhibits have been entered at -Learmonth, and-the show of stock pro mises to be better than at any late exhibition. There will be a splendid lot of implements , and machinery on view, and the dog show promises to be much better than that of last year. ' At a meeting yesterday evening of friendly societies interested in the Boxing-Day Fete, 1870, it -was decided to get a monster petition signed in favor of the use of the Botanical Gardens being granted for the -'fete. A report of the meeting will be found iti another column. We think that the petition will hardly be necessary, as no doubt the City Council will gracefully yield to the wish so generally expressed that the fete shall be held in the gardens. There seems to be some slight doubt as to the exact date on which the Californian mail is due at Sydney, but, as far as we can learn, the announcement of her arrival may be now expected at any time. We need hardly say that as soon as the news is telegraphed we shall publish a second edition, and we have good reason to believe that there will be as little delay this time as on the last exciting occasion. - ■ The Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., will deliver an address this evening at the working-men’s meeting, at the Alfred Hall. Our advertising columns draw attention to the sports on the'Eastern Oval on the 9th November. Harris, the pedestrian, has agreed to come from Sydney for the sports on the'Oval; the band. of the 3rd B.V.R. is to be on the ground, and the £25 cup to he com peted for is now on view in Mr Sleep’s: window, in Lydiard street, Theßev. W/J. Cother, late of Spurgeon’s College, will preach in the Camp street Baptist Churob, at morning and evening services to-morrow. Collections will be made in aid of the'trust fund. Mr Higinbotham, the Engineer-in-Chief of Victoria, visited Ballarat yesterday, for the purpose of inspect ing the storm-water channels, and for the purpose of determining upon the necessary alteration of the; cul verts through the railway embankment, to prevent the recurrence of floods in Ballarat East. He was accompanied in his inspection by Mr Baggo, Mr Baird, the city engineer; Mr Young, the engineer of Ballarat East; the two mayors, and Councillors Fussell and Steinfeld. The plans of the works which the Eastern Council intends to carry out for the deepening of the channels were submitted to Mr Higinbotham, who promised that the culverts under the railway embank ment should bo deepened about four feet, and that the work should bo carried out simultaneously with that to be done by the council. The cost of the altera- ■ tions to be made by the Government alone will be about £5OOO. As the City of Ballarat is interested in some of the work to be done, a meeting pf the two councils is to be held in the Eastern Town-hall on Monday next, after the fortnightly meeting of the council. The three engineers will also be in attend ance, and the necessary plans will be sent to the Government, so that all the work may be carried out at the same time. Ihe Creswickshire Council has appointed a com mittee, consisting of the president, Councillors Leish-- man, Richardson, and Nase, to wait upon the trustees of the Hepburn estate, and ascertain if an amicable arrangement can be effected in reference to the flood damages. The Clunes Borough Council has repudiated—as far as the Ballaratshire Council is concerned—the arrange ments made on 3rd October by the delegates in refer ence to the division of the tolls received at the Creswick road toll-gate, a resolution having, on the motion of Councillor Thomas, been passed last meet ing, viz.:—“ That the report of the toll conference be mot received, and the resolution then passed be not acted upon.” Mr Percy 'Whitestone delivered a lecture on Friday evening, at the Mechanics’ Institute, on “The instant coming of Christ.” The lecture-room could not hold all who were listening to the lecture, and it is a pity, after the experience of the previous overcrowding, that a larger room had not been chosen. Mr White stone held that the postponement for 1800 years of Christ’s coming was due to the want of faith and hope in the Church, that the gift of the Holy Ghost came through apostolic instrumentality, that apostles hav ing early died out the Church had been retrogressing through the ages until deadness and divisions and the absence of miraculous gifts were conclusive proof of decadence. But God’s long suffering was great, and now there'were signs of Christ’s instant coming in the increase of faith and hope in the second advent, and in the presages of judgments upon the Church. A woman named Ellen Mary Hill was arrested by Detective Hyland on Friday, on a warrant charging her with having stolen a bag containing a brooch and some money, the property of Wm. Drew. It appears that Mrs Drew left the bag in one of the Sebastopol omnibuses. The Rev. W. Henderson’s lecture on “Thackeray and Dickens ” should, for the benefit of those who do not read long reports, have been mentioned in our yesterday’s “News and Notes” column. We may now repair the omission by stating that the lecture conclu sively demonstrated the blunder of the Geelong paper in stating that Mr Henderson held Dickens to be de void of irnagination and feeling. The lecture was a generous recognition of the genius of both- writers', .and the differentiation of the characteristics of each was one that has been over and over again made by studious readers of both authors. The Creswickshire Council has determined to co operate with Talbotshire in preventing the formation of the proposed Clunesshire. At the meeting of the Creswickshire Council, on 33th October, a rate of Is in the poundwas struck. Themiotion of CrLeishman, to have the previous reso lution rescinded relative to £lOOO being spent on main roads in the east and north ridings, and only £5OO in the south, was-put and lost, the president, Crs Nase, M‘Alpine, Anderson, and Richardson voting against it. The Soldiers’ Hill School-room was well filled last evening on the occasion of another concert of a series in aid of the building fund of the school. The prin cipal portion of the entertainment was carried out by the choir of St. Andrew’s Church as a whole, but in addition three solos were in the programme, and were given prettily by those to whom they were allotted. The Rev. W. Henderson, who presided, pleased the audience very much by liis readings. Mr Jenkins was the conductor. The programme was as follows:—Glee, Awake Eolian Lyre; solo, by Mrs Halls, Tell me Mary how to woo thee; glee, See our oars; reading by the Rev. W. Henderson; glee, Come, see what pleasure; solo by Mr J. Rattray, Nil Desperandum; reading by the Rev. W. Henderson, Lady Clara Vere de Vere; glee, Here in cool grot; solo by Miss Davis, Angels ever bright and fair; glee. In the lonely vale of streams; finale, God save the Queen. 