I|t flaneur in His Excellency seems quite determined that the colonists shall become acquainted with him, and he with them ; and'most commendable is such a course on the part of a Governor, instead of cooping himself r up gloomily in Government House, and holding communion only with a few parasites, aa some others have done before him. The reception on the last tour seems to haye, been all that could be desired. Indeed none, who have not lived in. ah Australian country town can understand the immense amount of cheerfulness and good feeling w-ich tho occasional visits of a Governor aro calculated to bring about. I must say that the dinner at Fort Macquarie seoms. to have been managed with \- < excellent tasto ; and the congratulatory allusion to the arrival of the young gentleman who is, yeu ,' know, Viscount Corry, was brought in with tact, and ??.. delicacy. But I see that there is something of a far less agrooablo oharnctor in store for , some of us. On tho 11th of August " next-O dies infautttu .'-that boroing-machine known as the Parliament of. New South Wales is to meet again, " for despatch of business." All the " business " they will despatch will not, I venture to predict, be very overwhelming, hut the volumes pf talk will he the crushing part of tho affair. Without anticipating evils, thouch. is it not a hit of a. mintjilr« . to call the Parliament together just - at the tim« when the Intercolonial Exhibition is about to open I I know there was some understood promise as to the date, hut I am incl ¡nod to think that the Exhibition was not thought of, and certainly it ought to be .ruade a national affair, to he at all successful. How- ever, vive la laijalellc ! Tho more the merrier ; and perhaps one exhibition may very well serve the pur- pose of a foil to the other. * Another month. having go no ? down the stream of time,*! am .reminded that yesterday, "tho j first "Friday in July," was formerly a day celebrated by that antiquo institution known as Fairlop Fair, when ' ship3 on wheels, and crowded with holiday-makers, wore soon, trundling down to ; the eite of what people would insist upon calling Quoen Elizabeth's Oak, and there celebrating tho momor ' able destruction of the Spanish Armada. I suppose: . that little bit of buffoonery is knocked on the head, and as to Queen Bess, her. moral character hos lately ' received a torriblo overhauling in the "Reviews of Mr. Froudo's extraordinary eulogistic book, and it , will ba hard for her to rocover ground again, modest and demure as the old lady looks as she lies-in moro senses than one it may he . said-under tho picturesque canopy of | her tomb in tho old Abbey of Westminster. .' Tho whirligig of time brings in his revenges; and though posterity is rather long- winded in paying its ancestral debts, an instalment, at least, usually comes in tho long run ; so although old Bess had a glorious reign in many respects, people of a candid turn of mind are no longer disposed to look upon her as the immaculate being descrihod in a certain dedication as a "bright Occidental star," and by «ne of the greatest of poets as the " Fair "Vestal, throned by tho Wost."' Folks aro becoming wondor . fully inquiring and outspoken now-a- days. Not long ago I copied, from an old magazine, an imposing account of the solemn interment of " the bowels of his late sacred Majesty liing George the Second," and now, within a few wooka past, we havo had published a moat miserable picture of the contemp- tible little king, kissing and blubbering over the dying queen whom, up to the last moment, he had led tho life of a dog. But everything seems to he turning upside down ; and no wonder. The seasons are changing ; the sun continues his vagaries, and, in terrestrial matters, hard- hnndod fellows are stepping forth from tho crowd, and claiming titles and wealth that had lain dormant for a couple of centuries or so. Hero we had tho other day, amongst the news from England, tho case of a compositor-lucky dog- who is found to bo tho rightful heir to a snug little fortune of throe millions or so ; and in other cases also claimants to title and tin have been springing up 'mall quarters, which soemsto show that everybody don't come by his own in " the good old times." There is that affair of old Mrs Ryves's, the claimant, on behalf of tho alleged Princess Olive-I don't think that that has boen cleared up, after all, in a manner to. give complete satisfaction to future historical commentators. As to tho poor Countess of Derwent- water, as she'ealls herself, the law is dead against her, even if ahe could provo herself the legitimate repre- sentative of tho Ratcliffes of Cumberland, for the eatatos wero confiscated and the title wasjattainted. Yet, after all, if she could make ont any claim hy descent, even although she could' not bo a countess, and tho estates havo been givon away, something ought to be done for hor. George the Fourth, with all "his faults-and goodness knows they were numerous and groat enough-had the attainder removed from several of the Scotch Lords who got into the scrape of 1745 ; and although, notwithstanding the,wonderful surgical discoveries which we hoar of in these.times, it might ho impossible to clap tho heads again upon poor Derwentwater and Konmure, which" were; taken away for them on Tower Hill for the unlucky busi- ness of 1715, or to perform a similar service for ' Balmorino and Kilmarnock, who were "justified" in the same way in 1716, yet where there is a chance ?of "exhibiting tho godlike quality of forgiveness to desco'ndants it might ba dono. , ? So here I huve drifted, with my usual üjogical gossiping, from Fairlop Fair to Dilston Hall, and this brings me to the gloomy legends and traditions of tho Cumberland peasantry with regard to tho ill-omened enterprise whieh deprived the Ratcliffes of their titles, and ancestral estates. They say that, shortly before tho outbreak, a strange speotaole was witnessed in the clouds in Cumberland. I Two ., farmers, scared out of their wita, caine scampering 1into a village, and reported that they had;seen a ' regular army, horse and foot, mancouvrihg ! in the sky. Supposing that they were not drawing tho long, how, the phenomenon might he explained in a similar manner to that of tho Bpectre of the Brocken,'a very r . old friend of mine when I was a youngster, and! whoso . true character, ns an unsubstantial humbug--'a most . illegitimate ghost-you correctly exposed in a late publication. Nothing would he more likely, (it such a time, than that some of tho Cumberland Jacobites were hoing drilled in the mountains, ónd jthat a sjn»äar reflection to-that of the Hartz demon might /^.^éje^t'^bó'n^ This, you know,', ie ' modern jtacxeduiity.; hut tr^t _pilston Hall was long IljaunU^a^'lhatinp fataL,'Bcenè on ¿"bwor Hill was ^\oilWt^..t'hpr,ó' .'¿rt^jorticular occasions, local and contemporary tradition most positively affirmed. In foot thora is no end of romantic stories' connected with, this melancholy affair. Lady Derwentwater is said to havo hean fax moro enthusiastic in the cause of tho Stuarts than her husband was, and i/ it had ( not boen for her persuasions; bo, though a' very noble , and gallant ' gentleman, might havo been content to ? .'? let the. reigning Government alono. On tho even . lng before the Earl sot out to raise tho fatal standard ('0f irobolliora, tho Countess is said to have'heen much >.? disturbed throughout the night ',' hy tho howling of ." . a favourite, hound"-that is, I presumo, one of the horeditary watoh-dogs of the family, like tho woll ;._ known speotro-hound .of .Peel Castle, in.tho Isle-of Man. But his iordBhip himself was dösÜned havo still a moro ominous warning, whin ho sot out noxt day, and tho rude) Cumberland poet raia celebrated it in something like theae terms : TlioE»rl rode (otth Ia high command, And proudly paced hU aUed ; Bat the signet rinr (ell (rom his hand, And his nose began to bleed. These, I suppose, -were startling portents indeed ; but more warnings were to come, as the same old hallad tells: Thea np speke a grey old nun. And to als lord did sar- ' " ~ " "Hake your will, maka your will, my Lord of Derwentwater Before that yon go away I " It' would seem that-the Earl did not despise the injunction, for the hard gives his response somewhat I in this fashion : '\ Here la te you, my dear Ladys My loving and affectionate wife To you I bequeath my whole estate. To maintain you aa a lady for life." The reversion, you seo, would go with the title ; hu poor Lady Derwentwater neithor got one nor the other. The closing scene of this enterprise is thus quaintly alladed to : Than up apoko the headsman grim, With tho axe all in bis hand - "Prepare to meet your Clod, My Lord of Derwentwater, For your head I do demand I" A modest request, truly, hut one that had to be complied with ; and some of the crowd dipped their handkerchiefs in the blood that ran down from the scaffold. Well, well, as the peripatetic match vondor says, these aro queer times, hut those were queerer, though what they have to do with you or me at present I confess that I am unable to explain. The fact is that. I have a habit of running from one thing into another ; and perhaps the advent of Charles Mathews, whe> has a spocial aptitude for that kind of thing when ho likes, may have given an additional inspiration to my tediousness. What stagey recollections tho appearance of the grout j comedian will call up ! "Recollections of Yates (his father's old partner); of Buckstono in his primo ; of tho irresistible John Reeve, Wronch, Mrs. Fitz- william, Mrs. Honey, the ghostly O. Smith, and many others who have strutted and fretted their hour upon the stage, and now aro heard no more ! I think I will leave it at that, for I don't want to go into the lugubrious or sentimental ; and Mr. Mathews, according to all account, will come forth next week with.'a degree of freshness and vitality that ought to dispel all melancholy reflec- tions. 