THE PASTORAL LETTER Of John Bedb, by Divine providence and Favour of the Apostolic See, Archbishop op Sydney and Metropolitan' of Aus tralia. To the Faithful, Clergy, and Laity of the Archdiocese, at the Commencement of Lent, of the Year 1870. ' Hoc foedus meutn cum eis, dicit Dominus : Spiritus meus qui est in te, et verba mea, qusB nosui in oru tuo, non recedent de ore tuo. et de ore seminis tui, et de ore serniois seminis tui, dicit Dominus amodo et usque iu sempiternum.' — Is. c. lix. v. 21. ' This is my covenant with thorn, saith the Lord : My Spirit that is in thee, and my words that I have put in thy month, shall not depart out of thy mouth, nor out Ot the mouth of thy seed, nor out of the mouth of thy seed's seed said the Lord, from henceforih and for ever.' — Isaiah c. lix. v. 21. Dearly Beloved in Jesus Christ, — These words of the Evangelic Prophet contain the pro mise of that infallible guidance in all divine truth, which is the dowry of our Lord's Spouse, the Church, unto the end of time. Eight hun dred years after the Prophet had passed away from earth, our Lord Himself, In response to the glorious confession of Peter, spoke of the approaching fulfilment of the gracious promise : 'Blessed art thou, Simon Bar joria, because flesh and blood hath not revealed it to thee, but my Father who i8 in heaven. And I Bay to thee, that tbou *rt Poter, and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell «hail not prevail against it.'— (Mfttthww o. xvi. v. v. 17, 18.) Again in that solemn diao9urse of Jcsub, after His laBfc supper, He says' atill more explicitly . . 'I wiH ask the Father and he shall give you anotker Paraclete, that He may abide with you for ever, the Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot Receive, because it seeth him aot, nor knoweth Him, but you shall know Him, because He shall abide with you, and shall be in ywu.' (John, c. iv. v.v. 16, 17). The Apostles waited in Jerusalem, according to our Lord's command, nntil they had received, on the day of Pentecost, this promised outpouring of the Holy Ghost, who was thenceforward to take the place of our Lord's visible presence amongst them, to qualify them for the charge of going forth, and making disciples of all nations. 'Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them ia the tame of the Cik/n «m.4 »sf 4.L- a ? j _« a. tr.i_Ai ? i. ti I'.cHiuoij auu Ul UUC ^Ull, UUU Ul fcllB LLUly VJTUU3L. (Matthew, a xxviii, \\. 1%). Then come those words of power, ?' Behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world.' Such, Dearly Beloved, is bhe solemnity of word and circumstance, with which the Lord Jesus trans mitted to His Apostles that mission, which He Himself had received from the Father : 'All power is given to Me in heaven and in earth ; go ye therefore and teach ?;' teach them all thiags whatsoever £ have commanded you, and ' behold I am with you!' He will be with them for the purpose of teaching, in secure im munity from all error, that faith and manner of life which He had planted in the world. This, Dearly Beloved, is the inf allibilty of the Church. It depends on no power, no faculty of man. The Church is the Mystical Body of Christ, and in her abides for ever the Holy Ghost, in the name, and stead, of the Incarnate Son. She is infallible in her transmitted office of teacher and guide, because the long-promised Spirit of Truth, proceeding from the Father and the Son, dwells within her for the purpose of communicating infallibility , uu iiei iauuuuriucibivt; ttjriuuuig. xxuvv snail we thank God, Dearly Beloved, for this great gift ! And what would have been our condition if He had not given it ? What, if the transmission of His Gospel, if the efficacy of His Sacraments, if the purity of His teaching in faith and life, had depended upon men, upon men the holiest that men could be, much more upon men as they are, always imperfect, often corrupt, and by that fact it3elf having the eyes of their heart darkened towards the truth of God ? But blessed be His Holy Name, He has not so left His truth among men. Consider what firmness what security, what completeness, what indefectibility, what immovable constancy, what beauty, what dig nity, He requires in His Church, the channel and propagator and defender of His faith. Dwell upon the expressions and images He Him self uses in these respects. When He would indicate the firmness, the stability of His Church, He says, speaking of its foundation, ' On this rock I will build my Church.' When he fortells, and by His prophetic word creates, her security, He declares not by by science, shall the gates, that is the force, of hell ever succeed in their attacks upon her ; 'The gates of hell shall not prevail against her.' When He shows that completeness is neces sary to His design, He says, in promising the in dwelling of the Holy Ghost, 'He shall teach you all truth.' When he confers indefectibility on the visible head of the Church, He pledges the omnipotence of His own prayer, 'I have prayed for thee, Peter, that thy faith fail not.' When He describes the Church's contffcaiiGy iu all true belief, He calls her by the mouth of His apostle, 'The temple of the living God, tie pillar and ground of the truth.' When he speaks of the beauty with which His own gift of immunity from error has clothed His Church, the beauty of truth and holiness, He uses again in the mouth of His apostle these words, ' Not having spot nor wrinkle aor any such thing ; but that it should be holy and without blemish.' And, in sum of all glories and dignity, the Church, says the Apostle, is the body of Christ, for the edifying of which, for its growth in truth and love, her Redeemer gave apostles, and prophets, and -jvangelists, and pastors, and doctors, to the very end of establishing us free from doubt and mutability in doctrine. What could our Lord have done more for us than He has done in order to secure the priceless trea OUig ux. JLX1O uiuuu v\j llh-/*4 ui guvu uiii , jlu xo good often to dwell upon this gift of infallibility in loving and thankful meditation. As we are to love God with all our mind and heart, so should we often exercise thought, as well as af fections, in contemplating the riches of His gifts and grace, in their wonderful adaptation to our needs, and to that condition of loving, rational service, which He requires from us. And yet, besides this prerogative of infalli bility conferred on the whole Church, there is in the Gospel narrative a singularity of honour and office attached to one person, which corres ponds with what all Church history, and tradi tion, and practice, show to have belonged to that one person and his successors. You see at once, dearly beloved, that I speak of Sfc. Peter, to whose office of supreme teacher and guide so many have succeeded, each in his day, the Holy Father, the Pope, Vicar of Christ, and visible head of the Church. The Scriptural indications of St. Peter's pre-eminence are clear as the sun. They explain, account for, the subsequent facts of ecclesiastical history, for the constant belief and doctrine of the Church. They will easily occur to your memory as I briefly mention them. To St. Peter alone was given by our Lord Himself, as a special reward, a name significant of the office he was to hold, Peter, lihe rock, a name which wa3 vouchsafed, to him to hold in common with our Lord, who also is called in the 1st Epistle to the Corinthians a rock, 'Petra autem erat Christus,' 'the rock was Christ,' Our Lord was in. Himself, by virtae «f His Divinity, andi the redemption he wrowgkt on the cross, the rock, the foundation of His Church. Sk. Peter was, not in himself, bub by the creation ot our Loid constituted, the rock on which th© Church was to rest. ' Be light maiUy' aud by His word as an instrument, light was made, ' So when He said, 'thou art Peter, and on thin rook I will build my Church, '' He made Simon, ' son of Jonah, the rock, on which the Church was to be built ; and the new name was at oiwo instrument and record of the creation. The Exangelist St. Matthew, when he records the calling togefher of the twelve apostles by our Lord, in order to give them their Bolemn mission to cast out unclean spirits, to heal all manner of^diseases, and all manner of sickness, ' writes down a catalogue of their names, and iu that catalogue comes emphatically first St. Peter, 'Now the names of the twelve apostles are these : the first, Simon, who is called Peter.' So in St. Luke's Gospel we find the same pri» ?' macy, and implied leadership. When tho E,vn- . gelist records the answer given to our L^ru'a question demanding who had touched him, uses the phrase ' Peter, and they that were with, him, said.' Again, in the next following chap.' . %. ter, he writes, ' Peter, and they that were with, him.' Peter alone is named, the reBt are ihdi« cated in a body as his companions— 'they that , were with him.' ' . .^ In the Acts of the Apostles we read, that on '' *'* the great occasion when Matthias was chosen t-* be an Apostle in place of the traitor, -cPeteir» ' rising up in the midst of the brethren,' took precedence in the act. At the Council of Jerusalem, after there had. been much discussion, Peter arose, and spoke concerning the -non-obligation of the old law on the convert Gentiles. After he had spoken, all the multitude held their peace, and listened to Paul and Barnabas narrating in illustration of what Peter had declared, 'the signa an-t wonders God had wrought among the Gentile.* ivhhem.' . On the day of Pentecost, 'Peter, standing Uft with eleven, lifted up his voice,' and announce* the Gospel of the Jews. St. Peter wrought the first miracle in defence, of the Gospel cause, when he healed at the gate, of the temple called the Beautiful, the man who- had been lame from his birth. St. Peter opened to the Gentiles the gate of the Church, when he acknowledged the miraculous, vocation of the centurion Cornelius, and direo* ted him to be baptised. Nor is it in Gospel words and narrative, aud in Peter's acts, only, that we behold this strik ing confirmation of the Church's teaching rea« . pecting St. Peter and his successors ; the actions of our Lord Himself are full of significance. There were two boats on the Sea of Galilee-** J ?-?« our Lord went into Simon's ; 'and, sitting down, he taught the multitude out of the ship.' He teaches from Peter's vessel ; he gives him in the miraculous draught of fishes, the pledge of his, commission and success, iiuiu uclluoi.uj.uu. U11UU shalt catch men. Again after our Blessed Lord's resurrection, a miracle is wrought in favour of Peter's boat and, net ; and what makes the action more personal and significant, is, that immediately afterwards, the commission to feed Christ's Lambs and sheep was given. Now these things, dearly beloved, that mark out St. Peter so distinctly from all the other Ap©stles, itaply not only his primacy of honour* but also of jurisdiction — even as we know it; always to have existed and to have been taught ! in the Church. Consider especially these two fnetis — oar Lord's declaration that Peter is a rock ©n which His Church ia to be built ; andj ?jscoTadly, fcnaS prayer which cannot fail of its acco^tplSahmcsnu, and the command which indi* eatvsB, &ad; qa&iiiles; for, office. ' I have prayed l&r; tJiee, taat \ihy fuith fail not, and thou being ;nce «fraverbecil, cob firm tay brethren.' In both, sristaftCM &5KifC! is/ reference to Peter as distinct from other Apostles. Our Lord had put a ques* ftka ta all, tittft had revealed the malignity of Satan against all, but to Peter alone he says liX. ' havts prirs'ed! iov :uiiee.' He gives to Peter & spes'i'^.l gift, tie u'b&bility; of the rock for the. building of tfce CTiinreh, and indefectibility for the ftanfirmztivm ©f 'uic brethren. This gift was ' not coTifewed 0£ Ltici as a private person, but as an officii.l r.nd ehiaf, because the office of con* firsiing brethren ie 'Sae office of a primate and Dupesrior. Further, it is clear that our Lord gave to Peter's succeasors, because His Church was ta be perpetual, and therefore the office, and the ? necessity for his function of confirming in tha faith, are also perpetual. And now, Dearly Beloved, you are prepared to understand the constitution of a General Council, or Oecumenical Council, of our Lord's Church, such as that which in these days God has given us to see, and to pray for. As a whole, consisting of body and head, the Church is infallible through the guidance of the Holy Ghost, according to the promises, and accom* plishment of promises, recorded in thex{3acred Scriptures. Considering the Church in its!com* ponent parts, we find the Head also, himself, in* fallible in his teaching and guardianship of the faith, and in like manner, through the guidance of the Holy Ghost, according to the position assigned him by our Lord as foundation rock, and to the supernatural indefectibility in faith guaranteed to him by our Lord's prayer for one grand object of his office, viz., the coufirma tion ©f his brethren. It follows, Dearly Beloved that we have to bless God our Saviour for this double security He has givea tts in ascertaining that knowledge which, being ft revelation, is unattainable by ordinary Human faculties, but which is supremely ? necessary, and in His plan, freely accessible, to all who approach in 'good will.' The Church, with her head, is infallible in her office ; rni the head, the symbol and organ of unity, is in fallible in his office ; therefore, where the head is, where Peter 'and those with him are,' there is the one indefectible, infallible, Church of Christ.* ^Bhe ordinary exercise of infallibility, resulting from the guidance of the Holy Spirit, lifts ift the ordinary teaching of the head of the Church in matters of faith and morals ; the In termittent, that is, the extraordinary, and mare yfldfecin, exercise of infallibility, !? «een in fche sareaakm of (Ecumenical Councils. It is this more solemn display of the Church s ^rosogative that we are now witneBBing, and sssgr moat ardent wish, Dearly Beloved, 1b, that !S?-Stt should deTote the exercises, and the holy srasolutions of this Lent, to the intention of co ^?ffigeEating with thiB great Council, as you beBt, i £«od with greatest efficiency, can co- operate ; I taosan by an increase in the true spirit of pern T&oace;, by an increase in the true spirit of faith, ^aad self-denying devotion. There are some current mistakes in the world, ^saaongst the enemies, and amongst the half \- iibsarted, ill- instructed children of the Church, «£hst may impair the zeal and hope, that of right vdfclmld be enkindled in the breasts of all Catho 'Mica at this moment. I do not know whether : isfc&ey; have made any, or to what extent, of their ^mischievous progress here, but it may be well .. 'oft — ^ _ ^i — LA _amm!ii ah a**m wA/itmna fham It has been aaid then that if the head of the ^L/harch is infallible, there is no need of the as .?iaembly of Bishops; that if the head of the Oharch is infallible, the Bishops have in the ^Council no substantial dignity nor responsibility ; ift&afc; if the head of the Church ia infallible, there «saa be no necessity, or use, in previous discus z-sion and examination of questions. One answer, Dearly Beloved, is sufficient to *&ispel; the plausibility of all these notions whether T&bey; are to be considered as cavils, or honest eaaistakes. It is, that as God our Saviour ex , -meets the cooperation of His intelligent creature« 'la His own work of their salvation, so He in ifieada that the privileges, with which He has in created His Spouse the Church, shall besought i&y; men who use the ordinary means He has Tglaced at the disposal of their natural faculties. '$f they use them not, woe to them ! for they would be tempting God. Pope, in his ordinary teaching and magistracy ; Pope and Bishops in ?£heir more solemn teaching and magistracy, -when assembled in (Ecumenical Council, are %ound to use all means placed before them by 'iQod'8 providence for ascertaining the truth, sfefeough they know thht God's promise will never ^ail. Or perhaps, the mistakes, of which we are .-speaking, spring from an erroneous notion of ts5&e-yhurch;'s infallibility, which does not con 'iSuc ih tne revelation ot new trucns, duu in we -i3£vinely guided opportune display of all that is \--contained in the one original revealed deposit ; -3a guarding it as occasion may demand, from ^misapprehension and contradiction, and from the ? ;2tnderminings of % false philosophy. All this ./implies the conscientious diligence of men. -Qn the whole, dearly beloved, you see that '-&iiese; cavils or mistakes grow out of the errone 40as imaginations that God does not intend, or .^demand, the use of human means when he carries moat His own unfailing promises. He never re .leases the souls of His redeemed from their proper responsibility. Moreover, although His r £t?o.th will never fail to be taught by His Church, jjefr-fche degree in which that truth shall spread, rand' be accepted, and save the world, may de g&end; on the depth of man's conscientiousness *ad devotion. On both grounds then, on the Sgrousd of responsibility, and on the ground of . r£he greater blessings to be expected, 1 call upon :jon to su&Jce; cms juens me means ot carrying -jfoor prayerg for th.9 Council, with a holier ' reuargy te the throne of God. We cannot tell -what the Council may decide ; ao one at prewat I \- Sluows ; but we do know, from the Holy Father's Suliof Indiction, thai) it will give light, a&d; :Tole} ia matters, which in supreme degrea . .siffeei'ihe welfare of the Church, and kxdeed of &U; human society. This is aa age in which w© &£e threatened, not so much with any particular ?schism or heresy, but wiMi the spread of a false philosophy that', destroys all belief in Christianity, ?all belief in God, all conscientiousness, all the bonds £bat save human society from becoming simply 'herds of cunning brutes. 'What the Church : sanvdoda this Council against the fearful mis ^Hiefs that enviion us, that she will do. Her '?voice must be lifted up in warning, in entreaty, £u unmasking the subtle designs of Satan, in opposing to error the brightness of truth . When -ifche Christian Church began ita cours9, it ?was in a world festering in the hide -«*us corruption of Pagan sensuality ; and even saow, pride and perverse doctrines, the choice of ? darkness instead of light, are preparing the way ?-vt- _n. Tflt.nrn tn spnsnalifr.v and a RfilfinVinpns ^snore refined possibly, but deeper and more diabolic than ever. All around us are men who see no God, but only an impersonal system, to flsdiich\they are willing to give the name of God. To -.them we must oppose our knowledge of, and . Sselief in, the most Holy Trinity, and the awful I mysteries of Redemption through the Incarnate Son. All around us are men who deny all miracles, all that cannot be discovered, and Aested, by natural faculty. To them we must oppose our knowledge of, and belief in, the supernatural sacraments, in her supernatural ^Scriptures. All around us are men who, pro- ! leasing some sort of belief in Christianity, teach -sua& aogma may ub aeparaceu uom woac tney I (suppose to be its spirit, and that education may 1 Joe separated from doctrine. To them we oppose I £he teaching of the Church, 'the pillar and .. .ground of truth.' All around us are men who I ?would loosen the bond of marriage, multiply I . -.causes, aud.facilities of divorce, until marriage I ?would become little better than a licensed con- I .-eubinage. To them we oppose the truth, the ? Church's doctrine, that matrimony is a sacra ,-uient, that its bond is indissoluble. I I mention these few points Dearly Beloved, to ahow you how terrible is the necessity for the .action of the Christian Church in Council at this time; Of course there are many others, which ?will engage attention, many of great importance -tfco the internal economy of the Church herself. We must wait, but meantime we can pray, and live the life of Christian faith. Ail that the .?most profound and varied human learning can do, iall that the most intimate knowledge of the state i not religion in every part of Christendom can do, j will be done by the assembled Fathers. If hu v. man learning, if human talent, if humau rectitude, 1 if human sanctity, could eoeure supernatural wisdom, we might juBtly feel a confidence greater than could be derived from any other oBBembly of men. But it is not so, Dearly Beloved, all these human faculties and qualities must be, and, thank God, will be, employed in the work of fehe Council, but the result will be higher than they could of themselves accomplish. It will be the voice of 'Peter and they that are with him,' assembled in the name of Jesus of Nazareth, and, therefore, by that Saviour's will and gra cious appointment, it will be the voice of the Holy Spirit of God. Let me again entreat you, dearly beloved, to give the intentions of the Council a large place in the application of all your holy exercises this Lent. Your fasting, your alms- giving, your prayers — let them all look especially towards it. And chiefly remember that the efficiency of prayer depends upnm true penitence and purity | of life, on practicalness and liberality of self denial. Tbmk, I beseech you, of how little use it ia — of how bitter a mockery it is, to use the title and profession of a member of the Catholic Church, and to live the life of the intemperate, of the impure, of the worldly. You know that when our Lord's Church is called a body, we are using no mere figure of speech ; but that, as truly as correct as corrupt ulcer disfigures and aickens the whole body, so do impenitent, wicked worldly, formal Catholics, deface and enervate the Church. May this holy season be the be ginning of a happier time for all such j may their true penitence and their ardent I zeal, bring hope and joy where they have hitherto heaped up anguish and shame. It is the special season of penitence, and there fore let us all abase ourselves before the majesty of God, that we may show forth his goodness and mercy to the world. Let it see that the very dawn of a new day in the Church, for such, we trust, this Council will be, brings a revival of pure religion with it ; inspires every class and condition of men with the desire of fulfilling, with more humility and carefulness, the duties proper to their state. So shall God be the more and more glorified amongst us, so shall the world recognise the finger of God, and uuuieaa tuw bruuu oi me inspiration. nrec esc vita, ut cognoscant Te Deum verum et JeRum Christum quern tu misisti.' ' This is life, that they should know Thee, the true God, and Jesus Christ whom thou hast sent.' May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the Charity of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen. JOHN BEDE, ARCHBISHOP OF SYDNEY. This Pastoral Letter is to be read in all the Churches of the Archdiocese, on the Sunday next after it shall have been received. S. J. A. SHEEHY, V.G. JOHN RIGNEY, V.G1. 