THE OPERA— CAN IT, ON ITS PRESENT FOOTING, BE JUSTLY DEEMED AN ; INNOCENT AMUSEMENT? Sir,; — As your columns are open to daily critiques oil tlie -music of tlie operatic porform- juices now going on in our city, perhaps you will allow me,- through the same medium, to call at tention to some other than the musical features of these performances, as having an important bearing on the decision of the question. The character and tendency of our fasliioimble public amusements, affecting as more or less they must, the woll- being of the community,' is surely a matter deserving the serious consideration' of all who have -that ' well-being at heart, especially if it can be shown that in certain cases these are fitted to exert a demoralising influence both on those who provide the entertainment, and on those who partake of it- And this is precisely what I am prepared to maintain respecting the opera, as at present conducted. I say, as at present conducted, because I am not prepared to maintain that the opera could not possibly be made, under different conditions, a wholesome as well'as delightful recreation. But so long as pieces arc produced in which the music is the medium of ; expressing immoral sentiments, or celebrating in strains of levity the incidents of immoral life, I submit that none but those wlio are bent oil having their musical enjoyment at any price; can give other than a negative answer to;' the question I have proposed. That such is the character of many of ths best-known and most popular operas, and very specially so of some that rank the highest in musical quality, cannot be denied. Nor can the flimsy plea one has often heard, that the words, being in a foreign tongue, are not easily or generally intel ligible to the audience — entirely overlooking as it does the case of the -performers — be any longer urged in extenuation, seeing that provision is now made for enabling the audience thoroughly to , understand the meaning 'of what is being sung, by the 'supply of "Books of the Opera," containing the original words on' one page and a translation on the other. : . As an example, just take Mozart's celebrated opera of "II Don Giovanni," which, in respect of its; inusic, is perhaps the most beautiful and attractive of any, and which I see is to be per- forriiecl twice during tlie present season in Edin burgh, '.What isthe subjectinatter of this opera? The infamous career of ail infamous and reckless | libertine ! The dramatis ptrsoiuv, besides the . hero himself, consist for the most part of his | servant, Leporello, and one or two females on ; whom, more or less successfully, lie has tried the j seducer's arts. Ill one of the scenes Leporello \ appears as trying to console one of his master's I broken hearted victims, Donna Elvira, and to show that lier casa is by 110 means singular, lie displays to lier a list of some 1272 names of women whom. Don Giovanni lias similarly treated in tlie various countries he has visited ! This list is forth with made the subject of a, lungthend song by Leporello, in a light and rollicking vein, which, when worthily rendered, the audimcc are expected to applaud ! It is in this same opera that there occurs that well- known and, in'rcspect of its music, most lovely duct for male and femalo voice, "La ci ilarem la niano," so universally popular in cultured musical circles. Among tl.o thousands who have delightedly sung or listened to it, in our drawing rooms, few, I believe, have been aware of its meaning, and- fewer still, it is to be hoped, would do so again after that meaning has been discovered by them. In this duet, we have Don Giovanni malting love, (with what in tent the context pf the opera makes sufficiently plain) to Zerlina, a country girl and the betrothed wife of a peasant named Masetto, and whom she .mentions t(i Don Giovanni as her husband. The following is a literal translation of the words, !Uid, to say nothing of the audience, I would just ask .your readers to consider what; must be the moral effect on the performers, who have not only to sing but to act such a scene wliilo aware that each other are perfectly cognisant of its meaning: " Don Qio : There, we shall join hands,' There, you will say 'yes.' Sec, it is not as far, let . us go hence, my love. Zcr. : I wonlcl .wish, and yet not wish; . .my heart fails me a little. It is true I would bo happy, but he may still -bo befooling me. Don O'io.: Come, my lovely darling. Zer. : L pity Masetto. Don Oio.fi shall change your fate. Zer. : Quick, I 1 can resist no longer. Both : Let us go, let us go, my darling, to taste the joy of a pure (!) love. (They more towards the villa." Such is a sample of the morale of this favourite opera, and it will hardly, I should think, be counted a redeeming feature that when at the close the ghost of the commandant, whom Don Giovanni had slain after having betrayed, his daughter, Donna Anna, appears to liini calling on him to repent, and lie defiantly refuses,' flames arise on all sides, and demons are seen dragging the miserable reprobate clown to hell. In another equally beautiful and popular opera of Mozart, ' -Le Nozzo cli Figaro, " there,- is among other characters, a certain Count, who in ah exquisitely beautiful and very favourite duet, "Crudel ! -per clia finora," 'thus makes love to :Susanna, the maid of his countess: — " Cruel one ! why till now make me thus languish? Susanna: Sir, a woman never- loses iii' delaying consent. Count: Then you will come iiito the garden ? Susanna: If it pleases you ll shall conie. C'oun.t : Wilt thou come ? Susanna: Yes. Count: Thou wilt not fail ?. Susanna: No. Count : I feel so pleased, niy heart is full of joy. -Susanna : .Excuse me if I lie, you' who understand love." . ' : I might 'multiply such examples, but for, the present these specimens ought surely to suffice jo show the kind of eutertaimhent the opera pro- vides for the crowds who arc drawn by its inusi- cal attractions.' I write in the interests of music ' as well as of morals when I protest against the union of such corrupting elements with so noble and elevating an art, which can only be degraded by such association. Could no one be l'ound with tlie requisite gifts to rescue this beautiful music 'by adapting it to worthier librettos,? The ex periment were suvely worth, a trial, and he wlio succeeded would thereby do no 'small service to the cause both of morality and of art. When siicli are tlie scenes in' wliieli opera singei's have so often to act a part— scenes so fitted to blunt the sense of modesty;— can we wonder that their profession should be regarded as an- ordeal through which the female character can scarcely, save in rare exceptions, pass wholly unscathed or .that Christian people should feel it an incon gruity, amounting to- something like profannatibn when the most sacred words of Scripture are sung in the oratorio by those who tlie night be fore might have been, or the night after might be, persouating rakes and prostitutes iii; the opera? I have written this letter in the belief that many arc not aware of the precise grounds on which some who are enthusiastic lovers of music yet refuse to countenance the opera, and to show that these grounds are far other than Puritanical moroscness, or narrow-minded prejudice. . I have written also under the impression that my brethren in the ministry, who are probably less in contact with the musical world than 'myself, may not he aware of the facts .as I have now stated them respecting this very popular amuse ment, to which many members of their Hooks are without scruple resorting. with their families. It was some twenty years ago, I think — at a time when operas in Scotland were far more, rare than they arc now — that the question of their moral tendency was agitated in both the Press arid the pulpit — not, perhaps, in every case with per fect judgment or taste — in consequence of the production of Verdi's opera, " La , Traviata, or the Fallen One. " _ Since then, there has been a lull, during which, along with the greatly increased musical taste, opera performances have become more frequent among us, bringing " La Traviata" aud other kindred pieces in their train. It is probable that I shall be severely blamed in some quarters for taking on myself the responsi bility of thus breaking the silence ; but believirig that my doiug so is in the line of duty, I am perfectly willing to bear whatever odium-I may incur by raising this question anew. . _ ' I am, &c.;,; ' - JOHN MACKENZIE. : > 21, Atlioli Crescent, March 3;. 1S70 M r - ' ' J On April 2ml a black faced Scotch ewe, fropa the stock of Mr. Henry Knowles, fanner, Foxup near Settle, (and liovc the property of Mr. John Armisted, farmer, Long Preston) gave birth to six full grown lambs. The first and . sixth Orily are living. 