GENERAL SUMMARY.' London, January 31. ? The Australian mails, for November, were punctually delivered. i The Queen and Court arc spending Christ mas at Osborne. j Prince Leopold's health has improved. : The Princess of Wales has reeovered ; her: infant daughter i» christened Maude Charlotte 'Miiry Victoria. ' On the 15th, a deputation, introduced by JEarl Bury, visited Earl Granville ; it con sisted of the Duke of Manchester, Viscount Milton, the Hon. H. Kinnaird, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Edward Wilson, Mr. Walker, Mr. Carter, Dr. Wray, Mr. Labilliere, and Messrs. Young, Sutherland, Tobin, Sewell, Storr, Youll, Good let, Booth, Louthwaite. Roache, the Rev. Mr. Herring, Colonel Synge, and Dr. Eddy. The ostensible object of the interview was to dis avow hostile intentions towards the colonial office, in a circular issued last August, and to ure;o a modification of the present system of administration of colonial affairs. The prin cipal speakers were — Bury, Youl, Manchester, Sewell, Viscount Milton, and Tobin. Earl Granville said he could not assume any blame for the misconceiving the spirit of the circular, as illustrated by the tone of the recent meetings, but he had not allowed this to influence him in the despatch to the colonial Governors. His objectors had proposed a Conference of a twofold nature, but it was not agreeable ,. to the colonists themselves, and was not calculated to accomplish the object sought The first objection was confirmed by the want of res ponse to the circular which Lord Bury has ascribed to Earl Granville's despatch. Earl Granville thought it was stunting' Ihe Con ference while exciting the jealously of thelarger colonies, aud would embarrass the Minister and diminish his responsibility ; he considered f-Kn r\nnr\n*t mnrio r\P /i«'llYl m ,1 mf*U tl/in WQd l\ir fliA Uliu [Jiujjtu [uuuu ui uuiuiuuuiuai/iuu naa uy biic Secretary through the Governors to the. Colo nial Governments. Earl Granville disavowed the remarks attributed to him respecting the separation of New Zealand ; the present mis understanding was like a matrimonial squab ble, which would be aggravated by any at tempt to define the relations of the' colonists with the mother country. He was intensely dissatisfied with the interview. The Times and Daily News.. thought ..Earl. Granville's quizzing speech would extinguish the agita tion ; but at trie, last Jneeting a resolution was proposed to . form a National, Colonial, and Emigration League, and whether the' next mail will report a disapproval of their pro ceedings remains to be seen. An Emigrant- Colonists' Aid Co-operative Society is announced with a capital of £250,000. ' More warehouses for the storing of wool at reduced charges will be opened at. Mill wall Docks, in February. The office of Master of the Mint has been abolished. An able and suggestive paper, by Sir H. Druramond Wolfe, on the constitution, func tions, and standing of the Colonial Council appears in the Times ; the Spectator urges that envoys should be sent from English speaking colonies, so that they may bo in constant communiction with the Imperial Go vernment. A movement has been initiated to amalga mate the Metropolitan Emigration Societies, and Government aid is still invoked. Mr. Tallerman had an interview with the Emperor Napoleon respecting the extension of cheap Australian meat dinners to France, A Christmas-box of £1000 was presented to Mr. Miller, of the Jerusalem Coffee-house. Admiral Porter has affronted the Governor of St. Helena. Mr. Lingen succeeds the Hon. G. A. Ham ilton as Secretary of the Treasury. — Sir F. Sandford, Assistant Colonial Under Secretary, aiinnpprla TVTiv Tiinnrpn «f. r.lir» T^rliinnfmTi Rrmrfl The three Bishops of Exter, Bath and Wells, and the Falkland Islands, were conse crated on the 21st of December, at West minster Abbey. The opposition to Dr. Temple was maintained to the last ; four for mal protests were entered against him; he declined to disavow sympathy with the Essays and Reviews. John Bull intimates that his Episcopal brethren will cut him after bis confirmation. — On his election, Dr. Wilbei force paid a visit to the Queen, and was in vested with the Order of the Garter. — A warm testimonial has been presented to Dr. Temple by'his former pupils. —A suffragan bishop to the Primate of Canterbury has been appointed by the Government. Mr. Haymau's appointment to the Head mastership of Rugby School has been severely criticised, but was confirmed by the trustees. Parliament has been summoned to meet on the 8th February. Cabinet Councils h-ivo been very frequent ; Earl Derby waited on Mr. Disraeli at Highen den; the leadership of the Conservatives is still unsettled. Mr. Forster has been commissioned to draft a measure relative to Primary Education. Mr. Childers and Mr. Baxter are zealously at work On Admiralty reform. Mr. Cardwell intends to put an end to the clashing authority at the War Office by abolishing the dual system. The Universities of Oxford and Cambridge sent a deputation to Mr. Gladstone, urging the abolition of the University teats. The transfer of the electric telegraphs to the Government is fixed for January. ' Lord Claud Hamilton was elected for Lynn. Mr. Laboucliere has retired from the South wark contest in favour of Odger ; but Water low and Tycett persist in their candidature, despite the remonstrances of the Liberal Press. J udgment was given against the Rev. Mr. Mackonochie for kneeling before the conse crated elements. ' He was condemned ill costs. The Rev. Mr. Voyse's appeal comes on for hearing in February. The arbitrators declare that £7142, is due from Edmonds to the Crown. The Times, by a suit in the ViceChancel lor's Court, has compelled the Glerkenwell News to drop the words London Times from the end of the title. The Monarch, with the remains of Mr. Peabody, left Spithead on the 21st January, after detention by gales. H.M.S. Plymouth accompanied her. ITALY. Santa Maura has been totally destroyed by an |earthquake. The CEcumenical Council opened on the 8th, amidst gloom, rain, booming of cannon, and the pealing of the bells of 360 churches. 800 ecclesiastics were present, and thousands of spectators. The order of service was mass, the inaugural discourse by the Archbishop of Iconiuui, the Papal benediction, the homage of members of the Council to the Pope, and to the Holy Ghost ; and a Te Deurn for subse quent sittings were with closed doors. Al ready there are reports of dissension and intri lYIlOO limnnrrof. f.llO h\lfliono .ttt/1 n affAn/T Annn. sition of French, German, and American bis hops to the dogma of infallibility, but subtle measures are taken by the Pope aud his Jesuit advisers to stifle discussion by remitting ob noxious subjects to safe committees. The Bull communicated at the second meeting has occasioned surprise and indignation. If the infallibility project is insisted on, a great dis ruption is probable. The Council is expected to sit for six months. — The French ambassa dor has warned the Pope of the probable consequences of his high-handed proceedings. — One Cardinal is dead. GERilANY. Billa, who shot the Rev. Mr. Henrica dur ing the service at Berlin Cathedral, was sen tenced to twelve years' hard labour. Count Bismarck has returned to Berlin. The abolition of the newspaper stamp duty is promised. AUSTRIA. The Reichsrath was opened by the Kaizer on the 13th December. There was undue reserve in his speech in compliance with the wish of tho Ministry, who are divided. The minority asked leave to resign. An interview with the King of Prussia is fixed tor J anuary 15th, at Ancola. The Dalmatian insurgents are making sab mission. RUSSIA. An expedition has been sent from St. Petersburg to discover means of connecting the Caspal and Aral Seas. An understanding has been arrived at be tween Russia and the British Governments respecting tho Central Asia question. Cholera rages in Russia. 