BALLARAT. May 9th, Jbin: , (BEOM ODE OWN.COREfiSPONDENt) . .... Many years ago, when gold was plentiful and tbe postal service by no meanB as perfect as at present, when a sheet of bark served as a desk, and writing materials difficult to obtain,- there was an excuse for conducting only a limited correspondence. In those days 1 had a mate, intelligent, of good intellect, of good education, aud respectably connected. He was a capital companion, andbjs conversational powers were of. a high order, but as for writiug it was the horror of liiE,.existence. Prior to leaving home—like thonsands of others—hp b>d promised-to write; ofteu to the relations and friends lie left behind, and at the time-1 have no doubt .he .meant faithfully to fuifiil his promise. I believe he did write one nr two brief epistles when he reached Melbonrne, but when, he got ;to the diggings be somehow considered himself absolved from further clerical obligations.. He receivfil-many letters from home, and took the deepest interest in their contents, but as to replying to them, why! believe he would rather have sunk a dozen " duffers.," When we had been together for about a'year he received a letter from his father in which the most painful anxiety was expressed regarding his sou's welfare, aud upbraiding him for liisseeming neglect in being so long silent That same night, after many abortive attempts, he showed me a few lines which he dispatched : by the next mail, and this is how he commenced:—Dear Father,—I caunot allow, this opportunity to pass, viz, the-departure of the mail, withi- ut again sending a few lines. I am somewhat busy just at present, and having written very fully in my previous letters (of-which,' by the way, you make 110 mention) it 'will be'needless to say much on this pccasioq,. <tc." On my enquiring* the motive' for ! this Biogular' aud untrnUiful commencement,.:.ho explained that the. "governor" .would blaine the Postroffipe, aud imagine that hia dntyful eon had been writing regular. The application of this quaint 'introduction will,-'-1 tra's 1^ be obvious. t 1 have been so long silent, silent"withoutanyjdst reasonTm afraid, that' I wonld- fain grasp at some excuse' to rt-move the blame from lny own shoulders. What has' prevented me torn continuing a correspqhdehceso deeply interesting (b^ni!) to your intelligent readers gets over me completely, unless it be be the general depression which has. prevailed here for the last six or eight mouths,: or perhaps. longer. : Having 'thus disposed of preliminary, difficulties is & most satisfactory manner, .and the ..thick coating Of rust having dissoived from my pen, I shall now proceed to business .of the legitimate character. .-..'. . The oldeBt",inhabitant has ransacked' his Jii emory in vain to find a parallel fiir. the present -state of affairs on Ballarat - Dull times liave 4>eeii experienced ibefore, but, they. : we«e "of comparatively short deration, and the tulk of the inh^bitanta bad cash by them, and were thereby labie to tide dver the difficiilties they 'encountered^ but'"the ces'e iB altogether altered now. Everybody appeals fp be hard np- with- 1 oat the ghost of a chahce bf tepleniahing the HwdmiMttia' is not the 'islighte'st - indications of-' a Etlver lining io the 4aA cloua'-wMcSi *1iasJ' r ibr ^u'ch a length =of time llovered over the tnetropolilan golofield. 3?he great «agercrowd Vhich used to assemble daily at';Hie Corner,"''has dwindsd -to insisni- ^cance, iand is now represented fcy afew »nxibua careworn faces watchiijg for prey which hever comea *. One of tlfi most -palpable signs of-thd tiines is the shntti^g ! up ~of <£he " Eriends"- late .-CAmjjnmV -Botel, once so popular a hauut of \- Brokers and Share- jobbers:' Another speaking .illustration was lately told mess follows A -pnblicin' not far frOm ^the^'-Comer' 1 Assured a fritnd of nine, that: it was A Very "usual occnrrencenow a-daysto'bave-the lunchhe'spreadB daily in hlsbai^u-a most tem^tin{Jmanner'«aten up without a beverage being invested in tovash 'it'dovnu with. - - " " . • - • 1 Various and numerons tare the schemes 'devised to restore prosperity and disppl'despondency, bat somehow they get sicklied Over with the pale cast of thought, and «nd dn smoke. 1 JDeep Sinkittg in the'reef—Redpclion in the reuts of. Mining. Lesaes. Formation of-a MiningReform Association, sadjLjie Ust.idea ^as »t*ery old opeflfith you althorigh it is-pot forth as quite original • I refer to Mr L S. ChriatieV tribute on the;subeSst principle,- »-little Varied from what has been >n vogue «n Maldon for mliny'years. - WiHifragard to the agitation abPtnt"^ rednption of rpnts for mining leases, jt IB, Ithink; Umited to the holders of large areas, whocliqg to them jit the Ijopes of "something tvuqg jig," either I in ..thm. owa._igrpand .«r;iBome 4rfaere handy. injBonnetavsesTCryiexpen- Bivft- goes on reijr slowly,, and were the blocks icutJdowii to wore reasonable dimensiona,-4he proems of development would be jar mora iffeerive, »ud the "lease tent wmild not be RO L itL m'tte J ^ L K ^ n tto subject, 1 am 'entirely of your opinion as expressed-in your leader of Saturday last, and lventuretosay thatamajorityof this community hold similar views. Our new representative, tbe honest blacksmith &lr; John James, as I predicted at the time he was elected a mkjjber for Ballarat West, quick'y regretted having left" bis auvil, and very sensibly made way for a better man. The Hon Archibald Michie is much admired by all.shades of gnliticiaus, aud much jealousy has been aroused etwpein the" opposing sections the Constitutionalists and tlie Loyal Liberals," as to who has the best right to claim him as their man. Mr James; it wotrtd seem; stirrendered-bis -seatuucoqditioually, and Mr Michie claims to be the representative Sf the 'entire constituency. If the L.Ii.'s-failed to seenre him aH to themselyeB,*jtt xvas certainty iiot owing tii too Jnuch modest yontbeirppft. Theysurrounjledhim immediately he arrived here, and endeaYored, but without success, to icoptrol bisjipovemeiits. At t|ie great meetipg attiie • Alfrpd Hall they 'did succeed in.getting one of their jeading. men iato the chair } but had 'afterwards the mortification of JiBtemng to Bome Yei^'j8ev'tte , «od:triithful strictures tonching theirf hitherto formidable order. latteuded tbe meeting with my mind "ptt^atpd-Kr a' graiit and Easterly qraKori, apd lef^ ' consiiderably'" BisappoinM. l atere was absolutely niifcbfijg' iYjfsw .iii ihe speeph'.'; I. ijad *• J -iWis. of special pleading, but had tlie entire audience been-a jury, a verdict- of guilty would have been brought in bya very large mnj'irity, Mr Michie'-s ideas ou immigration • are certainly not iu accordance with those nf hia ctilistitueiits. He is favorable to a f-teady stream of able-bodied immigrants flowing continually to Victoria, no matter what state the labor market inay be in. His reasous were .ably atid cqurageonsly stated, bu{ the meeting was not' with liim. ' This is not to be wondered at, seeing that ramong the 4000. present, there were probably 1500 but of employment.. The quality I admired, most in Mr Miphie was the diurage he displayed. There was no-c!ap £rap of the popalar and stereotyped order, no framing of his remarks, to the tone indicated by the meeting.- lie enunciated his own views, and declared that he would rather forfeit his seat the next election than swerve from them. Ballarat is rather proud of lier new representative. i r-The. celebrated minatnre of a nKln^ GeniBiil Tom Thumb, together, with' bis talented;troupe and attractive equipage,, have been here during .the past week. They, -have caused:immense commotion, notwithstanding the dulness of the times. . Vast crowds have daily assembled in Sturt-street to Bee them enter and leave the Mechanics*, and although"the prices for admis- sion are high, the' h ill - is welt fylled at each peif-irmpnce. . Commodore" Nutt b an immense favorite inside, and the tiny carriage and ponies, together with the. stern and important looking dwaif who does the coachman business so admirably, aroused much curiosity in the streets, being continuously surrounded by a dense crowd of juveniles.' • ' » 