BENALLA POLICE COURT. Tuesday, November 15. (Before Messrs Wills, Heath, M'Kellar, and Sharpe.) John Sketchley was charged as a lunatic. Dr Henry medically examined the man, who was suffering from a religious mania, believing himself to be the Holy Ghost. He (the doctor) believed he was mad. Constable Brennan found the man lying in a paddock between VioletTown and Baddaginnie, who told him he was an apostle sent by God. He went away, and on returning with assistance he founded a razor open near to him. He took him in charge to Violet Town, as he spoke very incoherently. Dr Heath also medically examined prisoner, whom he stated to be insane, and declared to be unfit to be at large. Prisoner (who is a stranger in the shire of Benalla) was then visited by the Bench, and an order made to convey him to the Beechworth Lunatic Asylum. (Before Messrs Wills and M'Kellar.) Fraser v Hopkins-This was an information charging William Hopkins and Francis Hopkins with perjury in giving evidence in the late assault cases tried before this Court. Mr Pow appeared for Fraser to prosecute ; and Mr M'Donnell for the Hopkinses. Henry Carige, clerk of courts at Benalla, pro duced the depositions taken in the assault case Hopkins v Fraser, on the 27th September. The depositions stated that William Hopkins was duly sworn, and stated that his brother did not spit first in Fraser's face ; and that Fraser struck the first blow. Francis Hopkins was also duly sworn, and he stated that on the 15th September Fraser first spat in his face, and assaulted him. James Fraser, sworn-Am a blacksmith, of Benalla. On the 27th September last was sum moned to this court by Francis Hopkins for assault. I also summoned defendants. On the 11th September I was on Warrenbayne Station, near where the Hopkinsis lived, for the purpose of drawing wood. Kibble and his partner were with me. My attention was called to the fact of the Hopkinses coming towards me. I believe I was on Anderson's ground. Francis Hopkins said--"You -- wretch, we had it in for you for yesterday's work (referring to the land commission).- He then came up to me and spat all over my face. He then tried to get hold of my nose, but I prevented him. He then struck me twice before I defended myself. I swear positively that Francis Hopkins spat in my face first, and also assaulted me first. Durley Kibble, a witness in the previous case. deposed-I was with Fraser on,the 13th Septem ber. Went to Anderson's land, and saw the Hopkinses come over the fence to Fraser. They had some words, when Francis Hopkins spat in Fraser's face. Fraser then spat in Hopkins's face. When Francis put his hand up to pull Fraser' nose, he (Fraser) prevented him, and then Francis Hopkins struck Fraser first. More blows followed. By the Bench-William Hopkins was side by side with his brother when this was done. Cross-examined- When Fraser stopped we stood still. I was about 20 yards from Fraser then. I swear positively that Fraser did not spit first. By Mr Willis - If William Hopkins had obtained the piece of land at the commission he should have had to build a new bridge. John Maitland-Am a sawyer, and partner with Kibble. Witnessed the assault on the 13th September. Fraser bide the Hopkinses good day. Francis Hopkins spat in Fraser's face, and struck the first blow. James Kibble, a boy nearly 13 years old made a statement to the effect that he was present when the assault took place, and Francis Hopkins spat at Fraser; he also struck Fraser first. by Mr Willis--Hopkins spat first. He then tried to pull Fraser's nose, when Fraser struck Francis. This closed the case for the prosecution. Mr M'Donnell raised several objections, which were at once overruled. The Bench having retired, returned into court and committed the prisoners for trial, bail being allowod, each £100 and two sureties each of £50: Gee v Ci?eoron-No eppearanc'. Struck on:. 'Messrs. Alexander Smith, Lachlin N?ichol son,- Andrew 'Hamilton, Donald - 'DonaldC arid Robert Westropp Kiernan have been a; pointed'trustees of land set apart for Prcesb terian Church purposes at Longwood;. On Saturday last Mr. Peppin was brought before Dr Rowe, at Mansfield, for contempt of court in not appearing at a coroner's inquest held on Saturday, 22nd October, on the case of one Vincent Martin, who was recently drowned in the Goulburn. The inquest was held on the 22nd of October, the day on which the County Court sat at Mansfield. Mr. Peppin pleading as an excuse that he had to attend the County Court. Dr. Rowe said the coroner's court took precedence of other su monses, and fined Mr. Peppiri £1. The Mansfield Shire Council has sent ___ to Government an estimate of the damage done by the recent floods. This estimate has been forwarded in contemplition of Parliament voting a sum of money to assist all lay bodies whose works have been injured by the floods. The amount of damage suststained in the Mansfield distric is £3,032., This esti mate includes the cost of erecting three new bridges viz., one at Doon, one over -Fords Creek at Maindample Park, and one, over the Devil's River at Delatite. The bridge over Ford's Creek was entirely carried away. The other two bridges are in an extremely shattered condiition, and not worth repairing. i' . Fredeorick Cooter, the solicitor, li? br?. returond'for the vacant'eeat'in'"tlhs' A'lien:!' Shire Council, over his opponent, Mri Pr'hir?.? law, of the Alexandra 2'nsa, -by-a major. of 20. .. On Thursday, the 10th inst;,.' hes onc' Jitdge' Smyth arrived in -Manofield f: 'Wood's Point; vid Jamieson. Hio left Mfolbourno on the following morning, acct panied by Mr. Robinanda clerk of the cour:t. who went to town to give evidence in a oc:-: charge of perjury brought 'gainst Abso?? James, and Susan his.wife.. We recommend the attention of housraolr!hd:' ard others to the sale of Dr. Heath'ls furnit?? particulars of whilch appear in our advecrtieo columns;.' Thie sale wall commence punct?e.'' at 12 o'clock to.morrow. ' " .. Sin..? Lis co.uiltion for tie -'murd?e ir Li Pohlman, at Narandern, thie crndermnc' i 'tri:+ Oampbell (snys the Wenggcu Wagga £cp',rtj times Ibrenks down so completely Ltert In nfi -+. Impnssible to restrmin hbi tears, ad in J'?u"' and manner has aliogether beoome a chr.; : and different. 'mn. He professes to be:: Riomant COnthollio faith, spends a greater per:ic:: his time in. reading from his prayer.book, i: quiet and docile, giving to hie keepers little'.: : trouble. Hie'llutes tut eeldom to the cri: . whlio h te ands convicted, but notwitlr.:a et tim legal points raised in bhi favour. en4crv iris tcelief.thiat his life will riot be' sirrid'1 ''I' legal prints' will be -argued' iu.Dccrnba rc should the renult be utf'voutable t6 a P "" , his execution' t (Sr . ''hl" . ' 