SYDNEY & DISTRICT. MAITLAND. /-Yei/i Saturday's ilermrij. On Wednesday afternoon, the Anna Maria, the il.K.N.SN. Company's drogher, returned to the wharf at Morputh, after a trip up the river for produce, and proceeded to discharge her car go by muuiis of a steam winch and a derrick fas tened to tho mast. The derrick was about twenty-five feet from the deck, and was a fixtuio in the boat ; it has boon in use for about six years. William Craig, the master of the drogher, was engaged in landing the cargo, consisting of 1.IH'O U4 I1KWS«W« -l-3 bliUJT V-t«lllC Oil infill!; UVUl bllU truck on the wharf. Four bags of maize were in the slings, and had been hoisted about three feet from tho wharf, to be landed on the truck, when the iron band that held the head of tho derrick to the mast suddenly slipped, and tho derrick fell upon Craig, striking him upon the back of the head, utul killing him instanta neously. When the body of deceased was af cer wards examined by Dr. Bullraore,- it was found that he had sustained a compound fracturo of the right log, four ribs on the right side were broken, and there was a fracture of the base of the Bkull, The death was purely accidental, and no blame could be attached to any one ; it was thought the band had. slipped because the derrick was raised higher than usual to allow the cargo to be discharged. The derrick was of considerable weight. The Mercury, speaking of the Wallis Creek floodgates, says : — ' We can foresee a source of danger, especially to children, at these workg, .unless means be taken to guard against it, There is nothing to prevent any one from going to the verge of the wing or face walls on either side. On the East Maitland side, this does not so much matter, as the paddock fence affords some protection, and the paddock is not a placa of common resort. JSTot so on the West Mait land side ; the footway to tho Victoria Bridge ta on a level with the top of the wall, and opens directly on to the embankment, so that children may readily stray, as we said, to the extreme edge of thu faco wall, thirty feet high, and would bo in groat danger of falling oither into the water or npon the sloping bank of tho creek. Ghost at Musclebkook.— The Monitor, of the 25th instant, says : — 'It'is asserted that, midway between tho midnight and tho morning, a solitary figure is seen wending its way down the street. Perhaps it is some unearthly visitant. ' doomed fqr a certain time to walk the night('' or some uneasy mortal suffering from troubled reflections or indigostion. Ba this as it may, although wo never had the chance of seeing this sight most strange, we unmistakably heard it, in tones of thunder, complaining of rude troat mont, received from the*' streot Arabs,' in days of yore.' We counsel his ghostship, whatever .world he may belong to, that, if, in future, ho disturb people's rest, at the hour when ghosts delight to wander, by complaining in such stento rian tones, he will very likely be greeted with a blow from a dead cat. If ho is troubled with an uneasy conscience, let him go and avail himself of tbe ' benefit of absolution to the quieting of his conscience.' ?. Mr. John Stuart opposes Mr. J. Robertson for West Sydney. The Scotchmen of Sydney have formed them selves into a society called St. Andrew's Society. Preparations are made for a dissolution of the South Australian Parliament, 