I SERMON ON THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. On Sunday evening, April 24, St Francis Xavier's -was crowded, in consequence of an ; announcement that Father Hinterocker would preach in German a special sermon on the (Ecumenical Council. After. the evening service his reverence introduced his subject bj reading- the 15th chapter of the Acts of the ApoBtles, narrating the dissensions which occured at Antiocli with regard to circum cision, the mission of Paul and Barnabas to Jerusalem to consult the apostles and elders, the holding of a Council to hear their appeal, the | declaration of Peter that the Apostles had been | chosen of God and endowed by the Holy G-host, I the audicnce then granted to Paul and Barnabas, I the ruling of James as Bishop of the Church at Jerusalem on the disputed doctrine, and the return of the delegates to Antioch, accompanied by certain of the brethren at Jerusalem. The preacher eloquently described the meeting of the eleven Apostles after the ascension of oui Lord, when they resolved to go forth and preach His gospel ,to all the world, alloting each other districts, in each of wMch 'they had left monuments of their zeal. James had been appointed ovtsr the Church in Judea; Peter had addressed himself to the strangers in Cappadocia and Galatia; Thomas had penetrated into the farthest regions of India and to the confines of China; while Matthew had turned toward the south to become the apostle of the Ethiopians. These founders of the Church did not bind themselves by Moses, and they had as yet no written word for the new dispensation. They preached Christ from their own personal knowledge, and taught His Gospel as they had received it directly from Himself. Their every power of body and soul was absorbed into the faith which they j promulgated. But no zeal or earnestness could preserve the Church from false doctrine. It ' was inevitable that out of such diverse and I incongruous materials differences of faith should j arise. These, as iu the case of circumcision at : Antioch, were naturally referred to the assem | bled elders of the Church, and hence arose the i earliest Church Council for a type of all that have succeeded it during the past nineteen centuries. The preacher, in explaining the sig nificance of this event, showed first why the disciples at Antioch appealed to Jerusalem; secondly, whence the apostles and elders derived their authority to arbitrate as they did on questions of faith; and thirdly, the ground of ithe preeminence assumed by Peter. \ Jerusalem had been the cradle of the Church, the Apostles had been ordained of ^Christ and inspired by the Holy Ghost. Moreover, Peter had received a special commission from Christ. From the example of this first Council it was deduced that a supreme power is required in the Church to expound the Scriptures and to give laws to its disciples; that the priests of the future iiierai'ehy are representatives of the original presbyters : and that- the Spirit which descended at Pentecost has been transmitted through the apostles to the succeeding heads of the Church. The preacher next cautioned his hearers agpinst false interpreta tions which had been placed on the means by which the Church Councils had enforced their decrees. He had seen lately in a local German paper an extract from the AUgemeint Zeitung professing to contain the theses to be adopted by the (Ecumenical Council now sitting at Rome. Each concluded with an er xei verjlvgt, which Protestant readers would interpret into " Let him bo accursed." The words were not in tended to bear such a meaning, but to repre sent the original Greek anathema. It implied only excommunication and excision from tie Church. No Council arrogated greater power than that. It did not profess to damn heretics, but only their heresies. It declared certain errors to be damnable in themselves, but did not presume to pronounce on the future fato of any human souL - The rev. father having thus defined the func tions of the Church Council, traced its history through the Papal age to the present day. During the first four centuries, when the Church lived under the oppression of heathenism and beset with false religions, Councils had neces sarily been frequent. The appear&uce; of each new heresy had generally to be followed by a Council, that the faith of the Church might be vindicated and distinguished. They had been attended by all nations within the "Catholic world ; one of them which was held during the 12th century having congre gated over a thousand Bishops more than are now in Rome. The preacher went on to explain the special objects of the existing Council and to justify its designs. He warmly resented the comments of tho Protestant Press, charac terizing them as unmitigated lies. He asserted that freedom of discussion prevailed, aud that the opposition funned a small and very insig nificant minority. For his own part he did not. read and would never think of believing such journals as the Altg?meine Zeitung, IjO. Francr, and the lima. They were re-fjcMcorta on everything connected with the Council. They had iu particular misrepresented the dogma of Papal infallibility, which did not imply that the Pope was superior to human error. It had no reference to his private judg ment or conduct, but only asserted that, as Popo, he could not in the name of the Church promulgate false doctrine. In this sense the dogma had been accepted by previous Councils, and it was 110 new pretension. As fir the Syllabus, it did not arrogate plenary authority. It was simply a series of canons delivered e-x cathedra by His Holiness, aud voluntarily adopted by all branches of the Church. The reverend father concluded a very earnest and forcible discourse by predicting that the delibe rations of the Council would shed light on the spiritual darkness of the world, and that the opposition it had encountered would only ope rate as opposition had ever done in the history of the Church, for the promotion of its success. 