LALUNCESTON EXAM IN ER. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1870. Ws have now before us the fourth volume of Ellis's Laws and Regulations of the Customs published in 1887. The English tariffextends from the 38th page to the 170th. When we turn to the 258th page we find that Hobart Town and Launceston were free ports, and that the. table of, duties consisted of spirits, British plantation, per 'gallon 7s Gd; other spirits, 10s; tobacco, Is Gd per lb.; wines, 15 per cent ad valorm; tea, sugar, and other merchandise, 5 per cent for every £100 in value. Such was the contrast then. The tariff, of England was a furlong in length, and that of Tasmania occupied a hand'sbreadth. Now all is changed: England has had the wisdom to reduce her tariff to a few articles in general consumption, while Tasmania has had the folly to extend the tariff to twenty times its former length.- The'effect has been to seriously lessen trade and com merce, and to deprive the colonists of many of.the conveniences of life. Had the expenditure only kopt pace legitimate requirements of the population, such a tariff as that introduced by Mr. Chapman some years ago, would have been sufficient now. Not only has the number of articles subject to duty been greatly increased, but the rates have been raised, and in addition to this, direct taxation in the shape of stamp, carriage, and probate duties has been imposedito the annoyance and loss of the whole community. A reckless spend thrift spirit has been manifested ini those who have, been entrusted with public affairs. Useless establishments havebeen maintained and increased; new offices have been created and promotions made to buy off the hostility of partizans or opponents. How could this small colony afford to throw away a hundred thousand pounds on "reproductive works," which never could- and never wili repro duce anything? How spare another hundred thousand pounds scattered amongst the religious sects? How bear the loss of three hundred thou sand pounds to be given to some schemer to undertake a railway across the island which, if constructed, would not pay its working expenses? And so in reference to other wanton expenditure such as fortifications, arms, &c.;, by` whichl the debt of the colony has become~ upwards of a million sterlilg, on- which interest at the rate of six per cent. has to be paid -an item of sixty thousand a year. With our batteries, guns, and volunteers, the country is as defenceless as it was thirty years ago. It is often remarked that it is more difficult to make and save money than formerly. How, can it be otherwise when the people are fleeced unmercifully, and every successive Ministry is more extravagant and unscrupulous if possible than itsprodecessor? And sothestrivingin the community will continue to vegetate unless paying gold- fields are found, and until the people rise up as one man and demand a diminution of expenditure, and release from irritating taxation; or the colony will become unable to bear the heavy burdens imposed upon it. This subject is now seething in the general mind, and when the time comes, more than one constituency will cast aside the instrument designed for protection, but which has become a financial scourge. It is impossible matters can long remain as they are. OQn Melbourno telegram convoys gratifying intelligence from Now Zea land. To Kooti, the rebel or patriot according to the point from which he is viewed- hans at last been driven into a corner at Taunranga, and has offered to capitulate. But no terms can be madde with savages who are ignorant of or in sensible to all moral obligations. Once in the hands of the colonists, he and his followers should be expatriated beyond the possibility of return. Not only the pence, but the very existence of the colony, depends on this course being adopted. A few years of repose would lead to the rapid occupation of the land by'Europeans, who would so change the aspect of the country that there would be little occasion for apprehending future native revolts. Although her Majesty's land forces have not been permitted to aid the colonists in their recent struggle, it appears that the prohibition has not extended to the navy, as Commodore Lambert has been instructed to render assistance. We most sincerely 'rejoice at the favorable turn matters have.takeon, and trust that peace iwill soon be perma hently restored. INQUEST. - The adjourned inquest on the body of Mary Greenlach, who died sud denly, and under, suspicious circupmstances, on Thursday last, was resumed on Saturday before the Coroner, T. Mason, Esq., and the usual jury. The medical evidence went to show that the immediate cause of death was rupture of the spleen, evidently produced by violence, but of wvlhat nature that violence was did not transpire. The husband of the woman, who is in custody on suspicion of being concerned in her death, was in an excited state while evidence was being taken, and frequently put questions to the witnesses in a threatening tone of voice, for which he was checked by the Coroner. He stated that lie had witnesses to call, and consequently the inquest was fnrther adjounmed to Thurs day next. The remains of the unfortunate woman were interred in the Roman Catholic Cemetery on Sunday. eIFra COmPrTITroN.--On Saturday the last of the three squads competing lor the Silver Challenge Cup fired at the butts. A strong wind was blowing across the range and none of the competitors succeeded in reaching thc score made by Sergeeant.Major Martini last Wcednesday-02. Sergeant-Major Martini thus becomes for the second time the, winnoe of the Cop, and only requires to top the score a third time to become its possessor. Corporal T. D. Webb is the only other member of the Corps who is on an equality with lMartini in this respect, and on the'next occasion we may expect to see a keen competition between these two. STnIaes are again coming into fashion foi bonnets. They are tied in a bow under the chin as formerly, but pinned with a broocho Tartan strings are confined by a silver thistle. Cnmcisr.T.-There was a good attendance of members of the Launceston Club on the ground on Saturday, and a scratch matel was played by sides chosen by Messrs. W. Collins and I. Green. The team of the latte was victorious owing to the excellent batting of WVm. Glynn, wirho made 71 runs in splendid style. Martin scored 15. On Collins's side, the captain made 28, and Dumnaresq I. AN UNwaLCOars VisTonR. - After the cricket match at Fingal last week, a party of ladies and gentlemen were partaking of lunchl in a rural spot when a visitor, in the shape o a large black snake five feet long, made hit appearance and took his place rather on pleasantly near to Mr. R. Cameron, one of the party. The company naturally objected to at uninvited guest dropping in to lunch in snuc an unceremonious manner, and a fight ensaed the result being that his snakeship, not having a leg to stand upon, had to succumb. "TTun GREAT TASMANIA REsE" CABSt We are happy to say that this long-pending case came before the magistrate at the Police Court yesterday for the last time. Only three witnesses were examined :Mr. Bernard Shaw, gold commissioner at Waterhonse; Mr. Wm Campbell, senior ledger.keeper of the Comr mercial Bank, Melbourne; and Mr. 1'. C. Just No witnesses were brought for the defence. Mr, Adye Douglas, the defendants' counsel, gave a short address in defence, and Mr. C. A. W~ nocher spoke briefly for the prosecution. Mr Mason, the presiding magistrate, dismissed the case against Millen, and said he was sorry the defendant had been detained in custody se long. Ellis, however, was fully committed for trial; bail being allowed, himself in £200 and two sureties of £100 each. At a late hour last night no persons had become bail for him. We may remind country residents'that the publio meeting for the purpose of adopting a farewell address to Sir Valentine Fleming will be held on Thursday next pursuant te advertisement. t'uE BAeNs.-All the banks in town will be closed to.morrow on account of the regatta. Ti Rn. W. TAYLOn, Of California, it advertised to preach at Campbell Town or Thursday next, at 3 p.m. and half.past 7 p.m.; and at Ross the following day at 3 and 7. EcaIrsn.-A partial eclipse of the sun, invisible in Tasmania, and visible in the Southern Ocean only, took place yesterday. THISTLES AND SWEiTrRIenn -NOW is the time to cut down these nuisances, and the Corporation should set the example. In a few weekls tbo thistle down will be flyin about in all directions, and thus multiply tbhe pest next year, unless a remedy be at once applied. BDrIr s A' SNAKE.-A laborer in the employ of Mir. H. S. Hewitt, of Glenconuel Estato, River Isis, was reaping in one of tihe fields on TWednesday last, when he trod upon a enake. The reptile coiled round thle mnan's leg and bit him in three different places. He at once informed another laborer who was working close by of the circumstance, and shortly afterwards became insensible. The man was placed in a conveyance and im. mediately taken towards Campbell Town, Mr. -Iewitt riding on before on horseback for tile purpose of obtaining medical assistance. As Camboll T'own is about 17 miles from Mr. Hewitt's estate, this gentleman arrived in town some time before tehe persons in the vehicle, and, having procured the services of Dr. Mlnacnamam, thie two rode back again, meeting thie cart about seven miles from town. The surgeon at once attended to the un I fortunate man's lag; and the party proceeded on to Campbell Town, where the poor fellow was admitted to the Hospital. Here hle re ceived every attention, and was so far re covered as to be able to return to his employ ment on the following day, itaLIotouS SERVICES.--The Rev. William Taylor continued his services in the We'loyan I COlurch, Patterson-street on Sunday morning and evening, and in the afternoon delivered an open air address on;the Markot Green. In the morning the rev. gentleman' preached to a Inrgo cougregation, his toxt beoig " Search the Scriptures, for in them ye think ye hayo eternal life, and they are they which testify of me." At the Market Green in the afternoon his sermon on the Prodigal Son was listened to attentively by a large assemblage of persons, and in the evoeing the Patterson-streeot church was densely crowded. On this oc casion the subject of his discourse was the sin against the Holy Ghost ; his remarks were lucid, his arguments forcible, and his illustrations particularly appropriate. A great many stayed to the prayer meeting which followed the sermon. Mr. Taylor also con ducted a service in the school-room adjoining the church at noon yesterday, and in the ehureh in the evening. To-day and to- morow mid-day services will be conducted in tile sohool-room, and evening services will be held in the church. Wednesday evening will bring the special services in connection with Mr. Taylor's visit' to a conclusion. On Thurs day afternoon and evening Mr. Taylor will preach at Campbell Town, and the following day at Ross. CoNcEoT.-To-morrow evening Mr. Kow orizick, assisted by several of his pupils, will give a concert in the Mechanica' Institute, when aq excellently selected programme will be executed. THiE REGATTA.-We are glad to find that this i nuoal event is attracting notice elsewhere than in our immediate neighborhood. It is under stood that in at least three events Southern pullers will compete. - Mr. Perry arrived from Hobert Nown on Sunday, and the remainder of his crew, consisting of Messrs. Archetr (2), Luaes, and Kintg, are on their way up, and may be expected to day. Mr. Lynch arrived last niaht from Hobart Town by the coach, and brought his boat with him, which was at once taken down to the river. The Derwent Belle, a great favorite in Hobart Town, was despatched from the capital by wagon on Saturday, end is expected to arrive in Launceston to-day. The - Galatea and Enchantlress are already on the ground. We understand that our Southern friends have lucurred' considerable expense in order to be present this year, and it is hoped io this way to encourage a friendly competition annpally at the IIobart Tow aend Lann:eston regattas. A public meeting of the Executive Committee will be held this evening at the Lanncestin liHotel, at half-post seven o'clock, to receive entries, and to fix the vaine of the prizes. The p,s. Annie is advertised to make three trips to the regatta ground, starting at 10, 11, sland 12 o'clock promptly. The fare is one selhilling esah way, and refreshments will be provided on board at town prices. RonnxnY.--During the absence of Mr. Winm. Bryont and his family from their residence at the corner of George and Canning-streets yesterday afternoon, an entrance was effected into the premises. On Mr. Bryant's returo at about half-past six, he found that the place had been ransacked, the contents of drawers and boxes were lying about, and a gold brooch, gold ring, and some silver taken away. The thbief or thieves obtained an entrance into the house through the back window, and left tile premises by the back door, the chain which fastened the door being broken off. CovrTs ore RnvISoNe.-Courts of Revision for the electoral districts of Launceston and Tamner were hold at the Town all yesterday forenoon. The magistrates first proceeded to tihe Court House and then adjourned to the former place, the latter being under a state of repair. t The magistrates present were-A. hi. Mlillioan (in the chair), James Aikenhead, James Scott, Esquires, and hlt Worllip the Mayor. Appeals were decided upon, and the usual business of the Court deisrosed of. Tn FIPn.-nIn our last issu0, in noticing the fire which occorred on the Cataract Hill early on Saturday morning, we stated that it was deeomed impossible to get any of the fire-engines up the steep incline. We have since ascertained that the Red Brligade, under Mr. Croft, succeeded I in getting one of the engines on to the spot, but too late to reneder any ssisltance, as the wtheat be. loanieg to Mir. Dodd, which lhad taken fire, was all destroyed before the brigado arrived The grain, which was ready for threshing, was con sumed in, a few minutes. The origin of the fire is not known. OUn DrooDINas.-Mr. Dowlin, a Victorian minor of considerable experience, whose name has become tolerably familiar as that of an important witness at the late investigation into the " Great Tasmanls Swindle," has visited the West Tamer district, and while very reticent as to the, exact locality, reports that he has discosevered an alluvial goldtflald which promises to turn out remarkably well. The Messrs. Dally have also returned rom thalet part of the country, and state that they have discovered a gold-bearing reef, in the tocality of which there arse also indications of a rich nilo vial diggings. We hope before long to hoear more of thee discoveries. STROP.-A fine portrait of this favorite and successful racehorse has just been executed by Mr. Fred. Woodhouse, of Melbourne, to the order of his owner, William Field, Esq. The picture is from a sketch taken immediately after the V.R.C. Meeting, and the artist is said to have caught the seat of the jockey, Sam. Haynes, very truthfully. It id the first time Strop has stood for his portrait. D.ATu oIr 1M\\. EDWARD DENIeON, M P., AT AlnLnoUans.-W- V regret to have to sanounep the death of Mr. E tward Denison, Mi.P. for Newark, in the Imperial Parliament, who ar rived at Melbourne on tile 16th January per ship Yorkshire. The deceased gentleman had long suffered from consumptive symptoms, and before leaving England had resided at Bourne mouth, in Hampshire, for the benefit of his health. His medical advisers, however, recom. mended him to take a sea voyage, antd hence his trip to Australia. Unfortutately for himself he decided while on board ship to abstain from vegetables in order to avoid dyspepsia, and the result was a scorbutic condition of body, which seriously lowered his sestem. Three weeks be fore reachieg Ilobsaoo'say the began to spit blood, and on his arrival hae took up his quarters at the tlelbourne Club, where he was profession ally attended byDr. D. Bird. At thlis time his esymptoms wee ntot very olarming, and Dr. Bird was hlopeful till Wednesday week, 19th Janeary when a violent attack of nose bleeding stuper vened. It was stopped, hbut the bleeding broke oat agaein on the olloewing Satnrday with in creased violence. At this stage the terrible heat of Sunday and Monday set in, and cot off the poor young gentleman's only channeo of lifo. Dra. Tracy and Thomas were'called in for consotation, but nothing could be done. The homorrehage was stopped, but he never rallied from tCle consequent exhanstion, andt he died shortly after a o'clock on Wednesday morantig, 2th January. hlr. Denison at thie time o hlis death was only 29 years of ago. 1ie was the only son of the late Bishop of Salisbury (thebore is one daughter beside), the nephow and probable leir of the Right.Hoen. J. E. Denlsou, Speaker of the House of Commonsn, and of Sir WV. Denieon, ex Governor of Tasmanla, New South \Vales, and Madras, and first cousin to his Excellency Vis count Canterbury, the present Governor ot Vic toria. IHis health did not admit of ais visiting Toorak, but his lordablp called freqoeetlv to see him, and thle whole of the vicoregal family were unceasing in their attentious. Indeed, Lady Can terbury was anxious to silt up aloil night wi?b the patient, bat was, of course, not permitted to tin so. air. Denison was educated at E:on, and subse qoeutly took hisa degrees at Oxiord. We believe he was a Batliol man. At the geelsal election of the reformed Parlioamet, In eila, le stood for Newarkl, and was elected with Mr. ., todgktin son to serve for that boroogb. LEGAL.-J.J$. Waldron, Esq., was sworn in as a barrlster, &c.;, before his Innaor the Chief Jouetice on Friday, last. Mr. Waldron has re. turned to Launceston, whore lie Intends to practise his profesaion forthwith. Widely known and esteemed, we hope' he may meet with good success , . A LiTTLE, DnAPELYs, AND A GOOD D.AL or SAwDUst.-A Melbourne paper stays:-P rom " Informatioo received" the Customs authoritles have lately examined i ennalgnment of drapery ex Locrh I.arine, from Glasgow. 'The conslqon ment was a large one, and only twelveo ases have as yet been opened, but they have all been found to bte illed with very little drapery and a great deal of sawdust, and it Is feared that the- whole.ehipment will be found to be of the same onmpoeite character. The eaooy Scotch house which exported the goods has drawn against them to their fall legitimate value; so either the bank orthe consignees will be heavy losers. h 