EXECUTION OF ROSS. (Rockhampton Bulletin, November 22) The criminal, Donald Ross, convicted at the last assizes for the murder of George Rose, at Springsure, was executed in the Rockhampton Gaol yesterday morning at 8 o'clock. He had previously made a full confession of his guilt Soon after 7am the Rev J Carson attended the prisoner, and remained with him till the last By half at 7 the Deputy Sheriff, W H Wiseman, Esq , the health officer. Dr Salmond, the police, under Sub Inspector Elliott, mci other officials had arrived About thirty persons who had obtained tickets were admitted at a quarter to 8 and assembled in the court yard in front of the gallows At seven minutes to 8 the bell was tolled, and the prisoner appeared with his arms pinioned so tightly that his hands were quite livid The procession to the gallows was headed by Hutton, the hangman , Rev James Carson the officiating clergyman, followed, leading suitable passages of scripture, next came the condemned man, guarded by a warder on each side, and one behind him On arriving at the foot of the scaffold, the Rev. Mr Carson prayed with Ross, who was much agitated, and seemed to join earnestly) in the prayer At 3 o'clock Ross ascended the stops, trembling greatly, and being led by one of the gaolers, the Rev Mr Carson following On reaching the platform, the rope was adjusted round his neck by the except tioner, and he then addressed the spectators in the following brief sentences " My dear friends, let this be a warning to you May God have mercy on all your souls " And then, in a tremulous voice, scarcely audible, said - ' O Lord, my God, unto thee I commend my spirit this morning look upon a poor miserable sinner O Lord God, have mercy upon me, and pardon all my sins" The white cap was then drawn down over his face and tied round the neck. The Rev. J Carson again pray) ed, standing beside the condemned man, saying, " Into thy merciful hands, O Lord, we commend the soul of this thy servant, now about to depart from the body Receive him we humbly beseech thee, into the arms of thy men), into the glorious society of the "seats in Heaven Amen " Then, taking Ross by the hand the I minister continued God the Father who hath created thee God the Son who hath redeemed thee God the Holy Ghost who hath a fused His I Grace into thee, be now and evermore with thee, as ist the in this thy at trial and bung I thee to everlasting life I farewell the minister shook hands with him, and retire I the executioner finally adjusted the rope moves I off the platform knocked out the bolt, and the unfortunate man fell to a depth of ten feet, the head sunk as the back of the scaffold in the fall, and the body afterwards swaying to and fro for a few minutes there was no sign of a struggle visible to the majority of the bystanders but one or two who were close to the scaffold perceived a slight twitching of the legs, doubt less caused a erdy by contraction of the muscles The body hung for a full half hour and Dr Salmond having felt the pulse and pronounced the man dead, the body was cut down by the hangman and placed in the coffin The visitors after signing the certificate in the usual form, that deceased had come by his death by the hands of justice, retired The face was very much discolored, and blood oozed from the mouth. The corpse was then removed to the cell which had been sect pi "d by deed ised, and post mortem examination was made by Dr. Salmon and Dr. Thon. It was found that the neck was completely dislocated, and death must have been instantaneous the lid of the coffin was fastened down, and at o'clock Mr. Tucker, the undertaker, arrived, and the remains were conveyed to the cemetery, and interred, the Rev. Mr. Carson and chug, and reading the funeral service. It must be satisfactory to the jury, and all concerned in the trial and execution of Ross, to bid e his own admission as to his guilt. In his case, there has-been no fastenings of justice From the Rev Mr. Carson we learn that Ross was a native of Scotland, county of Sutherland shire, pal lab of Farr, Beauty Hill His mother is still alive, and how, shortly before his death, requested Mr. Carson to write to her. He and his father died when he was very young, and he did not remember anything of him. Ross never admitted his guilt until after Mr. Wiseman communicated to him the telegram fixing the day for the execution. The day afterwards, Ross said to Mr. Sheehy, the governor of the gaol, " He wished Mr. Carson there. He wanted to say that Jimmy Ah Nee was not guilty. He himself committed the murder." This statement was put in writing, and Mr. Carson sent for. The convict then made what he called a full statement 3 and on a subsequent occasion he sent for Mr. Carson and made another statement, correcting the previous one as to the poisoning. Ross was an intelligent man, and was favored with a religious education. During the whole time of his confinement in gaol he was very anxious for reading religious books, especially the Bible. Since he heard that the day was fixed for his execution, he appeared very penitent, and was very anxious for instruction from his spiritual adviser. Mr. Wiseman had orders from Brisbane that Ross was not to be allowed to make a speech on the scaffold. Ross thought this very hard, and asked would be not be allowed to say Goodbye Mr Wise- man showed him the telegram, telling him he could say good-byeifhehkej. The Rev Mr. Car son attended Ross throughout his imprisonment. He was with him on Sunday night up to 12 o'clock, and was with him again at 7 o'clock on the morning of the execution, Mr. Curzon thinks that there is good reason to hope that Ross was truly penitent. He trusted in God for Christ's sake for forgiveness, and acknowledged that he could not do any thing of himself. He had not a full assurance of faith, but he trusted in God, and hoped confidently that God would forgive him. He was very quiet during his imprisonment and said very little. Under the new regulations, prisoners under sentence of death are left alone in confinement, and not guarded by a warder as formerly. The result is, in Ross's case, that no communications were made except to the governor of the gaol or to the Rev. Mr. Carson 