LEVISON'S VICTIM. " Have you scon Horaco Wyuward ? " " No. You don't moan to say that lio is hero ? " "Ho is indeed. I saw him Inst liio-lit: and I think I never saw a uiau so much changed in so short a timo." " For tko worse ? " " Infinitely for tho worse. I should scarcely havo recognised him but for that peculiar look in his oyes, which I daresay you re member." "Yes ; deep-set grey oyes, with an earnest ponctrating look that scorns to Voad a man up as ho talks to him. I'm vory sorry to hear of this ehango in him. Wo wore at Oxford together, you know ; and his place is near my father's in Buckinghamshire. Wo havo been fast friends for a long time ; but I lost sight of him about two years ago, bolbro I wont on my Spanish rambles, and I've heard nothing of him since. Do you think he has boon leading a dissipated life — going tho paco a little too violently ? " "I don't know what ho has been doing; but I fancy ho must havo been travelling during tho last yoar or two, for I'vo never Ncotno across him in London." I " Did you speak to him last night ? " <' "No; I -wanted vory much to got hold of liim for a few minutes' chat, but couldn't manago it. It was in ono of tho gambling- rooms I saw him, on tho opposilo sido of the table. . Tho room was crowded. Ho was standing looking on at tho gamo over the heads of tho playors. You know how tall ho is, and what a conspicuous liguro anywhero. I saw him ono minuto, and in tho next ho had disappeared. I left tho rooms in search of him, but ho was not to bo seon anywhoro about." "I shall try and hunt him up to-morrow. IIo must bo stopping at ono of tho hotels. Thoro can't bo much difficulty in finding him." Tho spealcors wore two young Englishmen ; tho scouo a littlo lamplitgrovo of trees outsido tho Kursaal of a German spa. Tho older, Georgo Theobald, was a barristor of tho Inuci' Tomplo ; tho younger, Francis Lorrimore, son and hoir of a Buokinghamshiro squiro, and gonlloman at largo. "What was tho cliango that struck you so painfully, Georgo ? " Lorrimoro asked between tho pulfs of his cigar; "you couldn't havo soen much of Wynward in that look across tho gaming-tablo." "I saw quito onougli. His face has a worn, haggard expression — ho looks liko a man who never sleeps; and thoro's a fierconoss about tho oyos — a contraction of tho brows, a kind of restless soarching look — as if ho wore on tho watch for somo ono or somotliing. In short, tho poor follow scorned to mo altogothor queer — tho sort of man ono would oxpoct to hoar of in a madhouse, or committing suicide, or something bad of that kind." "I shall cortuinly hunt- him out, Goorgo." "It would bo only a kiudnoss to do so, old fellow, as you and ho havo' boon intimato. Stay ! " oxclaimod Mr. Theobald, pointing suddenly to a figure in tho distance. "Do you seo that tall man Tinder tho trcos yondor ? I'vo a notion it's the vory man wo'ro talking of." They rose from tho bonch on which they had beon sitting smoking tlioir cigars for tho last half-hour, and walked in tho direction of tho tall figure pacing slowly under tho pino- treos. Thoro was no mistaking that muscular frame — G ft. 2 in. if an inch — and tho poculiar carriago of tho head. Frank Lorrimore touched his friond lightly on tho shoulder, and ho turned round suddenly and facod tho two young men, staring at them blankly without a sign of recognition. Yes, it wns indeed a haggard face, with a latont fierconoss in tho dcop-sot groy eyes overshadowed by . strongly-marked black brows, but a face which, seon at its best, must noods havo been vory handsomo. "Wyuward," said Frank, "don't you know mo." Ho hold out both his hands. Tho other took ono of thorn slowly, looking at him liko a man suddenly awakened from sleep. "Yes," ho said, "I know you well enough now, Frank ; but you startled mo just this moment. I was thinking. How well you're looking, old follow ! — What, you horo too, Theobald ! " " Yob ; I saw you in the rooms last night," answered Goorgo Theobald as tlioy shook hands ; " but you wcro gone boforo I could got a chanco of speaking to you. Whoro aro you staying ? " "At tho Ilotol dos Etrangors. I shall bo off to-morrow." "Don't run away in such a hurry, Iloraco," said Frank; "it looks as if you wanted to cut us." "I'm not vory good company just now ; you'd scarcely caro to seo .much of mo." " You aro not looking vory well, Horaco, certainly. Havo you beon ill ? " " No, I am never ill ; I am inado of iron, you know." ' " But thero's something wrong, I'm afraid." "There is somotliing wrong, but nothing that talk or friondship cau meud."' " Don't say that, Horaco. Como to broak- fast with mo to-morrow, aud toll mo your troubles." "It's a common story enough ; I shall only boro you." "I think you ought to know mo better than that." "Woll, I'll como, if you liko," Iloraco Wynward answored in a softer tono ; " I'm not vory much givon to confido in friondship, but you woro once a kind of younger brother of niino, Frank. Yes, I'll como. How long havo you boon horo .? " " I only canio yesterday. I am at tho Couronno d'Or, where I discovered my friond Thoobald, happily for me, at tho table d' hole. I am going back to Buckinghamshire next wook. Havo you been at Crol'ton lately ? " " No ; Grofton has been shut up for the last two years. Tho old housekeeper is thero, of course, and thoro aro men to keep tho gardens in' order. I shouldn't liko the idea of my mother's gardens boing neglected ; but 1 doubt if I shall over live at Crol'ton." "Not wlion you marry, Horace ? " "Marry? Yes, when that event occurs, I may change my mind," ho answorod with a scornful laugh. " Ah, Horaco, T seo there is a woman at the bottom of your trouble ! " IIo did not answer this, but began to talk of indiilbrcnt subjects. Tho three young men walked for some timo under the pines, smoking and talking in a fragmentary mannor. Horaco Wynward. had an absent-minded way, which was not calcu lated to promote a lively state of conversa tion ; but the olhors indulged his humour, and did not demand much from him. It was Into wlion they shook hands and separated. "At ten o'clock to-morrow, Iloraco," said Frank. "I shall bo with you at ten. Good-night." Mr. Lorrimoro ordorod an excellent break fast, and a littlo boforo ton o'clock awaited his friend in a pretty sitting-room overlook ing tho gardens of tho hotol. Ho had been droaming of Horace all night, and was think ing of him as lie walked up and down the room waiting his arrival. As tho little clock on tho mantel pieco struck tho hour, Mr. Wyuward was announced. His dross was dusty, and he had a tired look oven at that early hour. Frank wclcomod him hoartily. "You look as if you had been walking, Iloraco," ho said, as they sat down to break fast. ' "I have been on the hills since five o'clock this morning." " So early 1 " "Yes; I am a bad sleeper. It is better to walk than to lie tossing about hour after hour, thinking the same thoughts with maddening repetition." "My dear boy, you will make yourself ill with this kind of life." " Don't 1 tell you that I am never ill 1 I never had a day's ill nosp in my life. I sup pose when I die, I shall go down at a shot — apoplexy or heart disease. Men of my build generally do." " I liopo you may havo a long life." " Yes a long life of emptiness." " Why shouldn't it be a useful life, Horaco T" " Because it was shipwrecked two years ago. I set sail for a given port, Fr.uik, with a fair wind in my favour ; and my ship wont down in sight of land, on a summer's day, without a moment's warning. I can't rig another boat, and make another harbour, as some men can. All my world's wealth was adventured in this one argosy. That sounds tall talk, doesn't it 1 but you see that there is such a thing as passion in the world, and I've so much faith in your sympathy, that I'm not ashamed to tell you what a fool I have been and still am. You were such a romantic fel low five years ago, Frank ; and I used to laugh at your sentimental notions." " Yes, I was obliged to stand a good, deal of ridicule from you." " Let those laugh who win. Tt was in the long vacation before I left Oxford that I went to read, at a quiet little village on tho Sussex coast, with a retired tutor, an eccentric old fellow, but a miracle of learning. Ho had three daughters, the eldest of them, to my mind, tho loveliest girl that ever the sun shone upon. I'm not going to make a long story of it. I think it was a case of love at sight. I know that before I had been a week in the humdrum sea-coast village, I was over head and ears in love with Laura Daventry ; and at the end of the month was happy in the belief that my love was returned. She was the dearest, brightest of girls, with a happy dis position that won her friends in every direction ; inula man musthavehada dull unimpressionable nature who could have withstood her charm. I was free to make my own choice, rich enough to marry a penniless girl ; and before I went hack to Oxford I made her an ofi'er. It was accepted ; and I returned to the University the happiest of men." He drank a cup of coffoe, and rose from the table to walk up and down tho room. "Well, Frank, you would imagine that nothing could arise to interfere with our hap piness after this. In worldly circumstances I was what would be considered an excellent match for Miss Daventry, and ;I had every reason to believe that she loved me. She was very young, not quite 18 ; and I was the first man who had ever proposed to her. I left her with the most entire confidence in her good faith ; and to this hour I bclievo in her." There was a pause, and then he went on again. " Wo corresponded of course. Laura's let ters were charming; and I had no greater delight than in receiving and replying to them. I had promised her to work hard for my degree, and for her sake I kept my promise and won it. My first thought was to carry her the news of my success ; anil directly tho examinations were over I ran down to Sussex. 1 found tho cottage empty. Mr. Daventry was in London ; the two younger girls had gone to Devonshire, to an aunt who kept a school there. About Miss Daventry tho neighbours could give me no positive informa tion. She had left a few days before her father, but no one know where she had gone. When I pressed them more closely, they told me that it was rumoured in the village that she had gono away to bo married. A gentle man from tho Spanish colonies, a Mr. Lovison, had been staying at the cottage for somo weeks, and had disappeared about the same time as Miss Laura." " And you believed that she had eloped with him ? " "To this day I am ignorant as to tho manner of lior loaving. Her last lotters woro only a wook- old. — Sho had told mo of this Mr. Lovison's residence in her household. Ho was a prosperous morchant, a distant rolation of her father's, and was staying in Sussex for his health. This was all sho had said of him. Of tlieir approaching doparturo sho had not given mo tho least hint. No ono in thovillago could toll mo Mr. Davontry's London address. Tho cottago, a furnished ono, had boon givon up to the lnndlord, and ovory dobt paid. I wont to tho post-office ; but tho people thoro had received no diroctions as to tho forwarding of lottors, nor had any como as yot for Mr. Duvontry." "Tho girls in Dovonshiro — you appliod to thorn, I supposo ?" "I did ; but tiicy could toll mo nothing. I i wroto to Emily, tho oldest girl, bogging her to send ino her sister's address. She answorod my letter immediately. Laura had left home with her father's full knowledge and consent, sho said, but had not told her sisters whoro sho was going. Sho had seemed very unhappy. Tho wliolo affair had been sudden, and her father had also appeared much distrossod in mind. This was all I could ascertain. I put an advertisement in The Timet, addressed to Mr. Daventry, begging him to let mo know his whereabouts; but nothing camo of it. I employed a man to hunt Loudon for him, and hunted myself; but without avail. I wasted months in this futile search, now on ono falso track, now on another." "And you havo long ago givon up all hope, I supposo ?" I said, as he paused, walking up and down tho room with a moody faco. "Given up all hope of seeing Laura Lovi son alivo ? Yes-;— but not of tracking her destroyer." "Laura Lovison! Thoti you think sho marriod tho Spanish merchant r" "I am suro of it. I had been moro than six months on the look-out for 'Mr. Daventry, and had begun to despair of finding him, when a man I employed came to mo and told mo that ho had found the registry of a mnrringo between Michael Lovison and Laura Davonlry, at an obscure church in the city, whoro ho had occasion to roako researches for anothor client. The date of tho marriage was within a few days of Laura's doparturo from Sussex." " Strange !" " Yes, strange that a woman should bo so fickle, you would say. I folt convinced that thero had boon somcthiug moro than girlish inconstancy at work in this business — somo motivo power strong enough to induce this girl to sacrifice herself in a lovoloss marriage.' I was confirmed in this belief, when, within a vory short timo of tho discover' of tho registry, I camo suddenly upon old Daventry in tho street. Ho would fain havo avoided mo ; but I insisted on a conversation with him, and ho roluctautly allowed me to accompany him to his lodging, a wretched place in Soutlnvark. Ho wns vory ill, with tho stamp of doafli upon his face, and had a craven look that convinced mo it was to him T was indebted for my sorrow. I told him that I knew of his daughter's marriage, wlion and whoro it had taken place, and boldly accused him of having brought it about." " How did ho tako yonr accusation ?" " Liko a boaton hound. Ho whimpered pitcously, and told mo that the marringo had beon no wish of his. But Lovison had posses sion of secrets which inado him the voidest slavo. Little by little I wrung from him tho nature of these secrets. Tlioy related to forged bills of oxchango in which tho old man had niado free with his kinsman's name. It was a transaction of many yours ago ; but Lovison had used this power in ordor to induce Laura to marry him ; and the girl, to save her father from uttor ruin, as sho believed, had consented to become his wife. Lovison had promised to do great things for tho old man, but had loft England immediately after his marriage, without sottliug a shilling on his father-in-law. It was altogether a most wrotchcd business ; tho girl had beon sacrificed to her fathor's weaknoss and folly. I asked him why ho had not appoalod to mo, who could no doubt liavo oxtricated him from his diffi culty ; but ho could givo mo no clear answer. IIo evidently had an overpowering dread of Michaol Lovison. I left him, utterly disgusted with his imbocility and selfishness; but for Laura's sako I took caro that ho wanted for nothing during tho remainder of his life. Ho did not troublo mo long." " And Mrs. Lovison ? " "Tho old man told mo that tho Lovisons had gono to Switzerland. I followed post- hasto, aud tracod them from placo to place, closely questioning tho people at all tho liotols. Tho accounts I heard were by no moans encouraging. Tho lady did not soom happy. Tho gentleman looked old onougli to be her father, and was pcovish and fretful in his mannor, never lotting his wife out of his sight, aud ovidently suffering torments of jealousy on account of tho admiration which her boauty won for lior from ovory ono tlioy met. I tracod thorn stage by stago, through Switzer land into Italy, and thou suddonly lost tho track. I concluded that tlioy had returned to England by somo othor routo ; but all my attempts to discover traces of their return woro useless. Neither by laud nor by sou passage could I hoar of tho yellow-faced trader and his beautiful young wife. They woro not a couple to bo overlooked easily ; and this puzzled mo. Disheartened and dis pirited, I halted in Paris, where I spent a couplo of months in hopcloss idleness — a state of utter stagnation, from which I was aroused abruptly by a communication from my agont, a private dotcctivo — a vory clover fellow in his way, and woll in with tho polioo of civilised Europe. IIo sent mo a cutting 1'rora a Gorman newspaper, which doscribod tho discovory of a eorpso in tho Tyrol. It was supposed, from tho stylo of tho dross, to bo tho body of an Englishwoman ; but no indication of a unmo or address had been found to givo a cluo to identity. Whothor tho dead woman had beon tho victim of foul play, or whether sho had met lior death from an accidontal fall, no one had boon ablo to dccido. Tho body had been found at the bottom of a mountain gorge, tho faco disfigured by tho fall from tho height abovo. Had tho victim boon a native of tho distinct, it might havo boon easily sup- posod that sho had lost her footing on tho mountain path ; but that a stranger should havo travolled alono by so unfrequented a routo soomod highly improbable. The spot at which the body was found lay within a mile of a small villago ; but it was a placo rarely visited by travellers of any description." "Had your agent any reason to identify this woman with Mrs. Lovison r" "Nono; oxcopt tho fact that Mrs. Lovison was missing, aud his natural habit of suspicion. Tho paragraph was nearly a month old when it reached mo. I set off at once for tho placo named, saw tho village authorities, and visited tho Englishwoman's grave. Thoy showed mo tho dress sho had worn, a black silk, very simply mado. lior faco had been too much disfigured by tho fall, and tho passago of time that had occurred before tho finding of tho body, for them to givo mo any minuto de scription of her appcarauco. Thoy could only toll ino that lior hair was dark auburn, tho colom,1 of Laura's, thick and long ; and that lior liguro was that of a young woman. " After exhausting ovory possible inquiry, I pushed on to tho next villago, and thoro rocoivod confirmation of my worst fears. A gontloman and his wifo — tho man of foroign appoaranco, but talking English ; tho woman young and beautiful — had stopped for a night at tho chiof inn of tho place, aud had loft next morning without a guido. The gentleman, who talked German perfectly, told the laud- lady that his travelling-carriago aud sorvanls woro to moot him at tho nearest stngo on the homo journoy. Ho knew every inch of tho country, and wished to walk across tho mountain, in ordor to show his wife a prospect which had struck him particularly upon his last expedition a fow years beforo. The land lady remembered that, just bulbro sotting out, ho asked his wifo some question about her watch, took it from her to regulato it, and then, aftor somo pcovish exclamation about her carelessness, put it into bis waistcoat- pockot. Tho lady was very pale and quiet, and scorned unhappy. Tho description which tho woman gavo me was only loo liko the woman t was looking for." " And you boliovo thero had been foul play ? " "As certainly as I believe in my own exist ence. This man Lovison had grown tired of a wifo whoso affection had never boon his ; nay, moro, I havo reason to know that his un resting jealousy had intensified into a kind of hatred of her somo timo beforo tho end. From the villago in tho Tyrol, which thoy left to gether on tho bright October morning, I track ed thoir footsteps stago by stago back to tho point at which I had lost lliom on tho Italian frontier. In tho course of my wanderings I met with a young Austrian officer who had seen them at Milan, and had ventured to pay tho lady sotno frivolous harmless attention. lie told mo that ho had never scon anything so appalling as Lovison's jealousy ; not an open fury, but a concentrated silout rage, which gavo an almost dovilish expression to tho man's parchment faco. Ho watched his wifo liko a lynx, and did not allow hor a moment's freedom from his presonco. Every ono who met them pitiod tho beautiful girlish wifo whoso misery was so evident; every ono loathed hor tyrant. I found that tho story of tho servants and tho travolliug carriage was a lio. Tho Lovisons had boon atfonded by no sorvanls at any of tho hotols-whoro I heard of them, and had travolled always in public or in hired, vehicles. Tho ultimate result of my in quiries left mo littlo doubt that tho dead woman was Laura Lovison ; and from that hour to this I havo boon employed moro or less in tho ondoavour to liud tho man who mur dered her." "And you have not been ablo to discover his whereabouts ?" asked Frank Lorrimoro. "Not yot. J atn looking for him." "A useless quest, Horaco. What would bo tho result of your finding him ? You have no proof to oiler of his guilt. You would not lake tho law into your own hands ? " "By tho heaven abovo mo, I would!" answered tho othor fiercely. ' "I would shoot that man down with as little compunction as I would kill a mad dog." " I liopo you may novcr meet him," said Frank solemnly. Horaco Wyuward gavo a short impatient sigh, and paced tho room for somo timo in silence. His share in tho breakfast had beon a moro prcfcnco. He had oinplied his collbe- cup, but had oaten nothing. " I am going back to London this afternoon, Frank." " On tho hunt for this man ? " "Yes. My agent sent mo a description of a man calling himself Lewis, a bill-discouviLoi, who has lately sot up an office in tho city, and whom I bclievo to bo Michaol Lovison." Tho ollico occupied by Mr. Lewis, tho bill- disconntor, was a dismal placo enough, con sisting of a second lloor in a narrow alley called St. Guinovoro's-Ianc. Horaco Wynward presontod himsolf at this office, about a wool; after his arrival in London, in the character of a gentleman in difficulties. Ho found Mr. Lewis oxactly tho kind of man lie expected to seo; a man of about fifty, with small crafty black eyes shining out of a sallow visage that was as dull and lifeless as a parchment mask, thin lips with a cruel ex pression, and a heavy jaw and bony chin that betokened no small amount of power for evil. Mr. Wynward presented himself under his own name; on hearing which the bill-discounter looked up at him suddenly with an exclamation of surprise. "You know my name,?" said Iloraco. res ; 1 nave imam your name Uolore. J thought you wore a rich man." "I have a good estate, but I liavo boon rather imprudent, and am short of ready money. When and whore did you hear my name, Mr. Lewis 1 " " I don't remember that. Tho name sounds' familiar to nm, that is all." " But you havo heard of mo as a rich man, you say 1 " " I had an impression to that effect. But the circumstances under which I heard the name have quite escaped my memory." Horace pushed the question no further. He played his cards very carefully, leading tho usurer to believe that he had secured a profit able prey. The preliminaries of a loan were discussed, but nothing fully settled; and before leaving, Horace Wyuward invited Mr. Lewis to dino with him at his lodgings, in the neigh- bourhoodof Piccadilly, on the followingevening. After a few minutes' reflection Lewis accepted the invitation. IIo made his appearance at tho appointed hour, dressed in a suit of shabby black, in which his sallow complexion looked more than usually parchment- ike and ghastly, The door was opened by Horace Wynward in person, and the money-lender was surprised to find himself in an almost empty house. In the hall aud on the staircase there were no signs of occupation whatever; but in the dining-room, to which Horaco immediately ushered his guest, there was a table ready laid for dinner, a couple, of chairs, and a dumb-waiter loaded with the appliances of the meal. The room was dimly lighted by four wax-candles in a tarnished candelabrum. Mr. Lewis, the money-lender,, looked round him with a shudder; there was something sinister in the aspect of the room. " It's rather a dreary looking place, I'm afraid," said Horace Wynward. " I've only just taken tho house, you see, and hr-ve had in a few sticks of hired furniture to keep me going till I make arrangements with an upholsterer. But you'll excuse all short comings, T'm suro — bachelor fare, you know." " I thought you said you wcro in lodgings, Mr. Wynward." "Did II" asked the other absently; "a mere slip of the tongue. I took this house on lease a week ago, and am going to furnish it as soon as I am in funds." "And are you positively alono here?" in quired Mr. Lewis rather suspiciously, " Well, very nearly so. There, is a char woman somewhere in tho depths below, as deaf as a post and alums as useless. But you needn't be frightened about your dinner ; I had it in from a confectioner in Piccadilly." He lifted the cover of the soup tureen as he spoke. The visitor seated himself at the tablu with rather a nervous air, and glanced more than once in the direction of the shutters closely fastened with heavy bars. He began to, think thero was something alarmingly ec centric in the conduct and manner of his host, and was inclined to repent having accepted the invitation, profitable as his new client promised to be. The dinner was excellent ; the wines of the first quality ; and alter drinking somewhat freely, Mr. Lewis began to be better reconciled to his position, lie was a little disconcerted, however, in perceiving that his host scarcely touched either 11 us viands or the wine, and that those dcep-sel grey eyes were lifted every now and then to his face with a strangely observant look. When dinner was over Air. Wynward la-apod the dishes on the dumb waiter, wheeled it into the next room with his own hands, and canie back to his seat at the table opposite the bill-discounter, who sat meditatively sipping his claret. Horace filled his glass, but remained for' some time silent, without once lilting it'Uo his lips. His companion watched him nervously, every moment more impressed with tho belief that there was something wrong in his new client's mind, and bent on making a speedy escape. He finished his claret, looked at his watch, and rose hastily. " I think T must wish you good night, Mr. Wynward. I am a man of early habits, and have some distance to go. My lodging is at Brouipton, more than an hour's ride from here." " Stay," said Horace, "we have not begun business yot. It's only nine o'clock. I want an hour's quiet talk with you — Mr. Lovison." Tho bill- discounter's face changed. It was almost impossible for that pallid mask of parch ment to grow paler, but a sudden ghastliness came over the 'man's evil countenance. " My name is Lewis," lie said, with an arti ficial grin. " Lewis or Lovison. Men of your trade have as many names as they please. When you were travelling in Switzerland two years ago, your name was Lovison ; when you married Laura Daventry, your name was Levison." " You are under some absurd mistake, sir. The name of Levison is strange to me." " Is the name of Daventry strange to you too? You recognised my name yesterday. When you first heard it, I was a happy mail, Michael Levison. Tho blight upon me is your work. (), I know you well enough, and am provided with ample means for your identifica tion. T have followed you step by stop upon your travels — tracked you to tho inn from which you set out ono October morning, nearly a year ago, with a companion who was never seen alive hv mortal eyes after that dale. You aro a good Gorman scholar. Air. Levison: read that." Horace Wynward took out of his pocket- book tho paragraph cut Irom the German paper, and laid il bulore his visitor. Tho bill- discounter pushed it away after a hasty glance at its contents. " What lias this to do with ine r" ho asked. "A groat deal, Mr. Lovison. Tho hapless woman doscribod in that paragraph was oauo your wifo ; Laura..' Daventry, the girl I loved, and who roturued my love ; tho girl whom you basoly stolo from mo by trading on her natural aU'oclion for a weak unworthy father, and whoso lifo you inado wretched, until, it was foully onded by-your cruel hand. If I hud stood behind you upon that lonely moun tain pathway in tho Tyrol, and had soon you hurl your victim to destruction, I could not ho moro convinced than I am that your arm did tho deed ; but such crimes as those aro, difficult — in Ibis easo perhaps impossible — to prove, and I fear you will escape tho gallows. Thoro aro other circumstances in your life, howovor, .more easily brought to light; and by tho aid of a clover detective J havo inado iny- solf muster of somo curious secrols in your past existence. .1 know tho nanio you boro somo fifteen years ago, boforo you sottlod in Trinidad us a merchant. Yon wore at that timo called Aficlial Lucas, and you fled from tins country with a largo sum of money, embezzled from your employers, -Messrs. Harwell and Oliphant, sugar-brokers in St. Nicholas-lane. You havo beon 'wanted' a long time, Mr.( Lovison ; but you would most likoly havo gono seot-fruo to tho cud, had I not sot my man to hunt you and your anteccdoiits." Aliohaol Lovison roso from his seal; hastily, trembling in every limb. Iloraco roso at 11 io same moment, and tho two men stood faco to faco — ono the very iinago of craven fear, tho othor cool aud soil'- possessed. "This is a tissue of lies!" gasped Lovison, wiping his lips nervously with a haiidkerohiof that fluttered in his tremulous fingers. "Have you brought mo horo to insult mo with this madman's talk r" i "J. have brought you hero to your doom. Thoro was a timo when I thought that if you and I over stood faco to faco, I should shoot you down liko a dog; but I have changed my mind. Such carrion as you aro not worth tho stain of guilt upon an honest man's mind. It is useless to toll you how I lovod tho girl you murdored. Your savago naturo would not comprobond any but tho basest and most selfish passion. Don't stir another stop — I have a loaded rovolver within reach, and shall make an cud of you if you attempt to leave this room. Tho polico aro on tho watch for you outside, and you will leave this placo for a gaol. Hark ! what is that ?" It was a footstep, on tho stairs outside, a woman's footstep, and tho rustling of a silk dross. Tho dining-room door was ajar, and tho sounds woro vory audible in Llio bare empty bouse. Michaol Lovision mado for I ho door, availing himsolf of this momentary diversion, with somo vague hope of escape, but within a fow paces of tho door ho recoiled suddonly with a lioarso gasping cry. The door was pushed wide open by a light hand, and a figure stood upon tho threshold — a girlish figure dressed in black silk, a pale sad face framed by dark-auburn luiir. "Tho dead returned to lilo ! " cried Levison. "Hido hor, liido hor! I can't faco her ! Lot mo go ! " Ilo mado for tho oilier door, leading into tho inner room, but found it locked, and thou sank cowering down into his chair, covering his eyes with his skinny hands. Tho girl camo softly into tho room, and stood by I Ioruco Wynward. "You havo forgolloti mo, Afr Lovison," sho said ; "and you take mo for my sister's ghost. I was always liko hor, and (buy say I havo grown more so within the last two years. Wo had a letter from you a month ago, posted from Trinidad, tolling us thai my sister Laura was tvell and happy thoro with you — yot you mistake mo lor tho shadow of tho dead I " The frightened wretch did not look up. Ho had not yet recovered from the shock produced by his sister-in-law's sudden appoaranco. Tho handkerchief which ho hold to Lis lips was stained with blood. Iloraco Wynward wont quietly to the outer door aud opened it, returning presently witli two moil, who camo softly into I lie room and approached Levison. Jlo mado no allompt to resist (hem as tlioy slipped a pair of haiidcull's on his bony wrists, and led him away. Thero was a cab standing outside ready to couvey him to prison. Emily Duvontry sank into a chair as ho was taken from tho room. "O Mr. Wynward," she said, "I think thoro can bo liltlo doubL of my sister's wrotchod fato. The experiment which you proposed has succeeded only (wo woll." Horaco had boon down to Dovonsliiro to question the two girls about their sistor. IIo bad boon struck by Emily's lilccnoss to his lost love, and bail brought hor up to London with him, iu order to identify Lovison by her means, and (o test the ofl'ect which hor appcar auco might produce upon tho nerves of tho suspected assassin. Tho police woro furnished with a complicated mass of uvidoiioo against Lovison in his cha racter ol'-clerk, merchant, and bill-discounter; but the business was of a nature tliat entailed much delay, and after several adjourned ex aminations tho prisoner loll dosporatoly ill of a hcart-diseaso from which lio bad su fibred for years, but which grow much worso during bis imprisonment. Finding bis death certain, ho sent for Horace Wynward, and to him con fessed his crime, boasting of bis wife's death with a fiendish delight in tlio deed, which lio called an act of vengeance against bis rival. "1 knew you well enough wlion you camo home, Horace Wyuward," lio said, "and I thought it would bo my happy lot to compass your ruin. You trapped mo, but to the lust you liavo Ilia worst of it. Tho girl you lovo is dead. She dared fo toll me that sho loved you ; defied my anger ; told mo that sho bad sold herself to mo to savo her father from dis grace, and confessed that she hated, and had always bated me. From that hour she was doomed. Tier while faco wits a constant re proach to mo. 1 was goaded to madness by lior tears. She used to say your unmo in her sloop. I wonder I did not cut bur throat as slio lay there with tho mimo upon her lips. But I must have swung for Unit. So I was patient, and wailed till 1 could havo her alone with me upon the mountains. It was only a push, and she was gone. I camo homo alone, IVou from llio worry and lever of her presence — except in my dreams. Sho lias haunted them with her pule faco and the ono long shriek that wont up to llio sky as she loll." lie died, within a few days of this interview, and before bis final trial could take place. Time, that heals almost, all griefs, brought peace by and by to Horace Wynward. lie furnished tin; liou.so in Aluyfuir, and for some lime led a misanthropical life there, but cm paying a second visit to Devonshire, where the two Daventry girls lived Llieir simple indus trious life in their aunt's school, lie. discovered that Emily's likeness to her sister made her verv dear lo hi in, and in the following year lie brought a mistress lo Grofton in the person of licit young lady. Together they paid a mourn- 1 ii 1 visit to that lonely spot in the Tyrol where Laura Levison luul perished, and stayed thero while a while marble cross was creeled above her grave. Pious SwiNDi.Ks. — Gambling nourishes. Ac cording lo the Ballurat correspondent of tho Victorian fndependent, a now religious organ just started, tho Ballurat men must liavo turned from tho "Corner" to tho "Church," to do a littlo pious gambling. According to this writer, 'pious swindles," in tho sl'iapo of Christmas, May, or Easter trees, have boon flourishing lor somo timo past, and arc likely lo flourish for somo time to ceinn. Tho prizes vary iu value and kind. Tlio shilling invested may win for a lucky ono a piano, a liorso, a sowing machine, or a gold watch ; or tho venture may result in the investor becoming possessed of a mutch-box, a pin-cushion, or a penny whisllo. Tt is a stand ing disgrace to any religious community to favour such proceedings. When practised, theso " swindles pruvo that the congregation using llieni aro unwilling to subscribe right oil' for tlio purposes lo which tlio funds raised by gambling aro to bo devoted ; bill tlioy aro willing to ou- . courage immorality to save their pockets. Tho plea that hitherto lias served those roligious gamblers, namely, that they havo no benoficiary interest iu the swindles, ought no longer to pro tect tliein. Perhaps our roligious friends who practiso lotteries, rallies,, and other modes of gambling, are not aware that tlio samo legal qtiibblo which enables thorn to practiso those games puts tlio Gliineso gamblers also ontiroly out of the reach of tlio polico. Tlio Chinese bank, got together solely for the purposo of gambling, can never bo shown to have any benot lieial interest in the nll'air. Tlio money for tickets in tho lottery or game is paid to ono tlin- cannot be proved lo liavo nny connection xvitli tlio bank, and the money won is paid by tho snmo man to the winner. Tho Ghiiioso banks, unlike European gambling concerns, neither recoivo nor pay money, and, therefore, in common with our religious gamblers, thoy nrc ablo to plead that no bonehciary intorcst in the game can bo proved against them. It is truo that everybody knows that they havo such interest, and it is oqually true that the ladies and gontlomon who practiso the gambling at bazaars liavo not. But tlio sumo plea covers both, and under it both find sholtor. Unless the religious world is prepared to affirm ' the immoral statcinont that tho end justifies tho moans, it will havo no ground for defending tho gambling carried on for religious purposes. Wo liavo been to bazaars bold oil behalf of somo building fund of a church, whoro ralllos and lotteries have boon allowed, and wo havo boon to this Chinese hank, and watched the gambling thero. In both instances, tlio spirit of gambling lias boon present, and tlio doctrino of chances has boon as oarol'iilly studied. Wo think that a, sturdy truo blue Presbyterian would fuel insulted if, cheek by jowl with a Mongolian, ho had to walk up to tlio Government Treasury, and there, both on an ocpml footing, draw thoir supplies for roligious purposes — the one for the Kirk and tlio othor for Llio .loss-huuso. But wlion they both make uso of tlio same immoral tendency of gambling to iiicrenso thoir funds, wliotlior it lie for roligious or other purposes, the Presbyterian ought to bo ashamed of such company. It is not one portion of tho Christian Church only that deserves consiiro lor fostering gambling proelivitios — all must como under tlio lash, lb will Ijo perfectly useless for our ministers to declaim against what is last becoming a national vice, if tlieir congregations aro found initiating and I'osloiing tlio same for tlio carrying out of religious and philanthropic schouios. — Melbourne Herald. A Fact rem Svuxkv.— On Friday ton drays, with no less than fifty tons oT loading, arrived in Wugga Wagga— all from Molbourno. — Ad vertiser. 