TAXATION, RETRENCHMENT?? "OR RESIGNATION ? 2o tIe Editor of the Launceston Examiner Szi,-Taxation ie· at all times tinpalatable. Burdens press heavily in proportion to the dlmino tion of strength. The sons 6f!Tasmania have bravely born the borden of taxation, pressing mote and more heavily year after year daring the pre. aeot Administration. Heavier still is the impo sition the Ministry of the day, with Mr. Chap man as Treasurer, commands an obedient people to submit to. It must be known: that at least three-fourths of the. people! haveo, for years pest been living On means acquired during the palmy days of the colony, eand that the properties of the once wealthy are eaten with mortgages forced upon them as the only resource for th6 support of their families. Population is deoreasnlog, and had it not been for the circulation of some thosands.Ino tbe.con etrcotion of railway worke,_etagnation in business woulnid have been as chronio in the.North as it remains in the South. A photograph of the commercial life of Hobart, Town some ten years ago, placed side by side with the present picture of dumb stores and warehouses painfully arrayed in solemn mockeryof business speculations, would impel every honest mind to scout the man who should pr3poso 'additioonal taxation. Mr. Chapman was discarded by the people of Hobart Town., Would the electors of Launces. ton; who accepted him as'their representative renew the relationship P Decidedly not. Nor would any other district, in i the whole ;colony abake: hands, . unless to say farewell,, with a Treasurer whose policy Is the tax upon tax-take and still take from the people's earnings without giving any conimensurate fiailitiesefor promoting the prosperity of the colony. Tax upon taxi-millstooe upon millstone around the neck of the people to sink a colony strog gling in the depths 'of depression I Suchis the tutore the Treasurer's policy of additional taxa tion would create. Haire the people no leaders bold enough and honest enough ,toclaim at the hands of inembers of Parliament a Ministry with a policy to 're trench expenditcore within the limits of the tax paying capabilities of the people P It not, it re quires no prophetic poster to assert that the Government of the day are legislating for a flood of taxation, that will drive thousands from their homes for refuge in distant lands. Capitalists and young men on reading the Treasurer's taxa tion policy, abandon all hopes in Tasmania. Mr. Chapman's retrenchment pledges have become nso many ghosts from which he has year after year ran further and further to avoid. There is still one hope! that the eelipse of our prosperity shall not remain: it ia in the indepen. dest members of Parliament, the representatives of the peoples insisting upon the Government a policy of retrenchment or resignation. The people role whenever they exercise the will. Letters addressed to members: of Parlia ment go free: then let thousands and thousands write expressing their convictions that the welfare of the colony requires of the Ministry In, the present state of affairs retrenchment or resagna lion. Yours respectfolly, An OLD CorNoIsT. 