I LIKES A BROP OF GOOD BEER. Come, neighbors, join your voices with mum As load as you can bawl, And boiler straight, " Bad luck to the lata Attorney-GeneraL" For I likes a drop of good beer (I dol On Sundays I wants my beer ; But <A P. Smith wonld stop forthwith Our regular Sunday beer. Some suffer from draught if they don't get H® On half-and-half some resales; Bat my mate and me we both will agree In mixing our pints of two ales ; And we likes a drop of good beer (tre <j 0) And we'll have it besides, no fear • But on Sunday night, 'tis fax from rid: To stop us from getting our beer. Main liquor laws only work by main force, And yet they always fail ; Throughout tbe State both small and great Go in for their liqaor and ale. I think it's a shocking idea (I do) When Governments interfere, And have laws made to meddle with trak And the customers' regular beer. Fve heard folks talk about New York, A place not half so severe, Where the law decrees all shall do as they pfost About getting their lager bier. Why shouldn't they do the Bams here (vhyD In tbe southernmost hemisphere, And let people buy, when and where the) feel dry, Their regular quantum of b9er. From last to first, combine we most, Both Constitutionals, And try to redress such laws as opresa With Loyal Liberals. We're a lot of right hard-working chape, Not loafers at threepenny taps. And we all despise a low fellow as tries To rob a poor man uf his beet. Atrra VS THE DBADHOUSE. — Tbe Su Francisco Alia California gives an account d tbe experience of a Germau who wis suppose! to have died in that city, and whose bad; wu immediately removed to the deadhome attached to the hospital in which he had been under treatment:—"The body was deposited in i can where two other bodies had already been plued, and between them. Tbe cover was pat on aid and tbe keeper of the deadhonse retired fortie night About midnight a loud screaming ami yelling of the most unearthly character ns beord in the deadbouse. The keeper of tbe deadbouse was sought after, bnt, being IKIE of what he was required to do, he sought ancealment, preferring to let tbe ghosts fightit out among themselves rather than attempt to become a peacemaker. When at last tie TO prevailed upon to proceed to the deadhooMaii open the door, tbe ghostly form of the Genua, whose life had been a few hours previously pronouueed extiuct, aud who had been dressed in the rObes of the dead, stood before him. He keeper fainted outright, while the terrified Germau rushed headlong through the tongballs and corridors of the building, spreading dism; and terror as he went, Some more coongeous than the rest caught and arrested turn in bis frantic career, but the next instant tbe pro German fell on the floor in a fit Tbe physiciu was sent for, and restoratives used, bjfftii he was restored to consciousness. Hortie fell when he returned to consciousness we gin a he told it himself:—'"Veil, rea I got sick mi vas in bed that day tbe doctor came to me ut said 1 vas very sick. He vent away, >u<i af® he Tent I fell asleep. I knew nothing more til' 1 voke in de night, and there was ou light 1 put oat my hand, and I could get no beddotte, for I vas cold. I deu put my had to vone sw to try fur the bedclothes, and, och, vst J® think I got—vy, a ded man! Dere he vos,MM enough sure. I roared mit all the power IW and vas going avay by the other side, veo, ® I put my hand ou another: Then I roaredm> called, and cried out all I could, and TCnl^ getting up my head struck a board tbt rt covering me. "Oh," said I, "votdoestti mean, vere am 1 ? Am I ded 1" and I ron® and bawled, and threw off the cover, andjompa about as if I vas mad. And I knocked iHjjj door vid my hands and feet, bnt nobody open it for me, and I thought I vas dedal® 1 vas not shnre. I had the ded man's dn® • me. At last the door opened, and ven 11°®' at the man Tat opened it he fell down nut "J and I ran till I vas caught ThenltaW* ven I come to myself I thought it vas Bat it is true as I am here." THE LIABILITY or HUSBAKES.—AOM" derided the other day at the Uaiiterbwy Court which involves the question »"" supposed non liability of a husband W® contracted by a wife subsequent to the po™ tion by the former of a notice thatbewi, be responsible for the same. A Mr CK*°< . oue Brown, a miller, for £5 odd, being w » maintenance of defendant's wife, daughter of the plaintiff Brown » Creed were married last year, and ^ afterward tbe husband discovered tbat n» was running into debt for the nwessar^'V household, although he handed her weekly, amounting to 24s. After severaiq"^, and reconciliations the partiesseparatea,^ having determined not to live any foBjK ^ his wife, who thereupon went to U™ ^ father at Faversbam. Brown inserte_ ^ advertisement in the local newspap^« o that he would not be responsible for «J ^ given to his wife. The claim "WjvjnJ plaintiff was for board and lodging of 8s a week, and for other nece^nes to defendant's wife. The judge, m dea^ case, remarked that the defendant W° » ^ put away his wife,and there could1WD"^ ^ away of a wife so as to relieve a nos^VjA his liability to maintain her, unless it «"' ^ she had committed adultery. Nojct'^e was made in the present esse. the insertion of an advertisement, »» ^ protected a husband from a mf ? r |ltit^ credit for what were extravagance. L s not by any means relieve him fro® "V^ in respect to what wereneoessanes- » made an order for the amount claim^ j^ So scarce are medical men in utPH jrf that Dr Macaliater of Baimsdale, ^fceli suddenly on Saturday, no inquestCOT ^ on the body. The nearest medical ^ to that town lived fifty miles away,»» not come under a fee of 15 guineas. —Melbourne Punch. 