REVIEW. THE LAST WORK OF CHARLES DICKENS.* A whole generation of Englishmen have grown up since the first appearance of Mr. Dickens in the now-familiar green leaves -a generation to whom tho writings of tbo author have become as " household words." Tho fame of him who created Pickwick, and the Christmas Carol, and Nicholas Nicklely has long passed tho ordeal of criticism. He was, reverenced and loved ? with a feeling which was never before oi tended to any writer in his lifetime, as the friend and associate of our daily lives-as the cheerer of our earthly pilgrimage- as the tender and kindly teacher of tho most genial moralities ; and, though he is now dead, he will for ever remain a classic in our litera- ture. For good or for evil he has influ- enced the whole cast of modern English thought. He has made, in fact, a new literature ; in its way as genuine, if not as exalted, as tho literature of Shakspeare. After all is said, which of all his contem- poraries has obtained so powerful a hold on tho national mind, and touched its inmost chords so deeply, as the author of Pickwick? In him the god-like quality of humour—of that truest humour whose other side is pathos -has performed an office the noblest and purest to which it was ever set It has been dedicated to tbo service of humanity ; it has been tho handmaid of truth, of charity, of brotherly love. When wo look back at the achievements of Charles Dickens-at the noble store of wealth with which ho has on riched our language-at the creations of his prodigal fancy- surely our gratitude should bo beyond measure to this our benefactor. How infinitely brighter and moro pleasant ho has made our literary memories 1 How much of honest mirth and hearty good feeling has he contributed to the uso of mankind? How many dull days has he cheered-how many weary souls refreshed and lightened-how many sad hearts relieved-by his immortal imaginings? Let us think what a dreary world it must have been before they had Pickwick, and Sam Weller, and Tilly Slow- boy, and Mr. Micawber, and Mark Tapley when the choicest living pieces of humour were Tom and Jerry, the drolleries'of Mr. Poole, and the farces of tho ingenious Mr. Colman tho Younger ! It is diffi cult to conceive an age which lived unconscious of Mrs. Nickleby, and Bailey Junior, and Tho Artful Dodger-not to speak of Turveydrop, and Tiny Tim, and the young man named Guppy. Let us only think of tho multitude of pleasant, droll, or tender images with which one's imagination has become peopled by tho art of Dickens, and we must be conscious of tho heavy debt of gratitude which we owe to their creator. This is an obligation eternal and indelible which can never be repaid-which can never ho obliterated by any alleged defects or short- comings of our author's later works. What is he was not always equal to himself, he was still the man who wrote Pickwick, and that alone is a title to immortality as genuine as that which we allow to Cervantes or to Rabelais. It was Dickens himself who, like all original writers, taught us to be fastidious as to his performances. We have a standard of comparison in his case higher than that by which we measure anyone else, simply because we have the works of Dickens himself. We havo to judge of Dickens by "Boz," and tho test is a hard one. Tho public, cloyed with what Dickens had done, became exacting as to what Dickens ought to do. But it is beyond all reason and justice to expect that a writer is to bo always equal to himself, and that at tho end of more than 30 years of constant purveying for tho popular delight he should be found as fresh, as original, and as startling as at the first. Wo havo not been among thoso who have shared in the opinion that the later works of Dickens have shown any decidod deteriora- tion of power. It is true that simply as stories they have been failures ; but this may bo said of all Dickens's works, excepting only David Copperfield, which on tho wholo must bo regarded as, in a literary sense at least, his masterpiece Story-telling as an art was not Dickens's forte, and in constructive- ness ho was surpassed by many writers of far inferior genius. It was in his descriptive pas- sages and his conceptions of character that hu most excelled, and there was surely no falling-off in this respect in his later writings, if wo measure thom with tho efforts of any other writer than Dickens himsolf. Even in Little Dorrit, which is por- , haps tho dullest of tho series, there are scenes and passages, such as tho sketch of tho Plor nish family and Bleeding-heart Alley, which tho author himself has nevcr surpassed. Bleak House, with all its dreariness of plot, is full of picturesque and original humour, if it is only in the character of Chadband—who has since become tho accepted type of a class—and tho inimitable scene of tho coro- ner's inquest. Great Expectations contains at least one character, that of the hero himself (not to speak of Joe Gargery), wrought out with singular skill and knowledge of human life. Our Mutual Friend, in spite of its silly title, is surely worthy to take rank with any but Pickwick and David Copperfield. No- thing more touching than tho doll's dressmaker, or more humourous thon Mr. Wegg, with his readings of tho " Decline and Fall of tho Rooshian Empire," has been given us by Mr. Dickens himself. Among his smaller pieces contributed to Household Words and All the Year Round, wo havo "Mrs. Lirriper's Lodgings," "Dr. Marygold," tbo story of tho "Dwarf" who goes into society, and the "Boots's at tho Holly-tree Inn." which certainly did not indicate any decay of tho humouristic or creative faculty in our author. , , Tho announcement of another work by Dickens-a work destined, unhappily, to bo his last-to appoar in tho old familiar form of tho monthly green-leaved number, was hailed with delight by all of Mr. Dickens's admirers, including, we dare to say, tho most exacting of his critics. To some of those, it is probable that "Tho Mystery of Edwin Drood " will bring disappointment. The story opons with a ghastly, and not very successful scene, in that style of tho penny novelists which it seemed to be Mr. Dickens's unhappy ambition, in his later writings, to imitate, of a den of opium-smokers in an English cathe- dral town. We pass on to tho next chapter, which has a pleasanter flavour, and is in tho old familiar manner, with an extract intro ductory of some of tho personages in tho drama : "Whoever has observed that sedate and clerical bird, tho rook, may perhaps havo noticed that when ho wings his way home- wards towards nightfall, in a sedate and clerical company, two rooks will suddenly detach themselves from the rest, will retrace their flight for somo distanco, and will thero poise and linger, convoying to moro mon tho fancy that it is of somo occult importance to tho body politic that this artful couplo ' should pretond to havo renounced connexion with it. " Similarly, sorvico being over in tho old cathedral with tho square tower, and tho choir scuffling out again, and divors vener- able persons of rook-liko aspect dispersing, two of thcso latter rotraco their steps and walk together in tho echoing close. "Not only is tho day wouing, but tho year. Tho low sun is fiery and yet cold behind tho monastery ruin, and tho Virginia creeper on the cathedral wall has showered half its deep red leaves down on tho pavement. Thoro has been rain this afternoon, and a wintry shudder goes among tho littlo pools on tho cracked uneven flag stones, and through the giant elm trees as they shed a gust of tears. Their fallon leaves lio strown thickly about. Somo of thcso leaves, in a timid rush, seek sanctuary within tho low arched cathedral dom ; but two men coming oat resist thom and cast them forth again with their feet. This done, ono of tho two locks the door with * " The Mystery of Edwin Drood." By Charlo« Dickens. , No. 1, April, 187V. London : Chapman and. Hau, j i '. ' ' .."».;. * - ' < a jrooály ícey, ond the other flits away with a ioho music book. " 'Mr. Jasper was that, Tope?' " '(Yes, Mr. Dean.' " 'He has stayed late.' " ' Yes, Mr. Dean. I have stayed for him, your reverence. Ho has been took a little poorly.' ? ' i ' " ',Say "taken," Tope, to the Dean,' the younger rook interposes in a low tone with this touch of correction, as who should say : 'You may offer bad grammar to the laity or the humbler clergy : not to the dean.' "Mr. Tope, chief verger and showman, and accustomed to be high with excursion parties, declines with a silent loftiness to perceive that any suggestion has been tendered to him. " ' And when and how has Mr. Jasper been taken-for, as Mr. Crisparkle has romorked, it is better to say taken-taken-' repeats tho Dean ; ' when and how has Mr. Jasper beon Taken-' " ' Taken, isir,' Tope deferentially murmurs. " '-Poorly, Tope?' " ' Why, sii, Mr. Jasper was that breathed-' " 'I wouldn't say "that breathed," Tope,' Mr. .Crispártelo interposes, with the same touch as before ' Not English-to tho Dean. ' " 'Breathed to that extent,' the Dean, not unilattered by this indirect homage, conde- scendingly remarks, 'would be preferable.' ">'Mr. Jasper's breathing was so remark- ably short;' thus discreetly does Mr. Topo work his way round tho sunken rock, ' when ho came in, that it distressed him mightily to gct his notes out, which was perhaps the cause of his having a kind of fit on him after a little. His momory grew DAZED.' Mr. Tope, with his eyes on the Reverend Mr. CrispaTkle, shoots his words out as defying him to improve upon it : ' and a dimness ana giddiness crept ovor him as strange as ever I saw, though ho didn't seem to mind it parti- cularly himself, However, a little tima and a little watei brought him out of his DAZE.' Mr. Tope repeats tho word and its emphasis, with tho air of saying, ' As I /tittie made a success, I'll make it again." "'And Mr. Jasper has gone homo quito himself, has ho?' asked the Dean. "With a pleasant air of pationage, the Dean as neariy cocks his quaint hat as a dean in good spirits may, and directs his comely gaiters towards the ruddy diningroom of tho snug old red-brick house, whore Le is at pre souf ' in residence' with Mrs. Dean and Miss Dean. , "Mr. Crisparkle, minor canon, fair and rosy; and perpetually pitching himself head- foremost into all the doop running water in tho .surrounding country; Mr. Crisparkle, minor canon, early risor, musical, classical, cheerful, kind, good-natured, social, con- tented, ond boy-like ; Mr. Crisparkle, minor canon and good man, lately ' Coach' upon the chief Pagan high roads, but since pro- moted by a patron (grateful for a woll- taught son) to his present Christian beat ; betakes himself to tho gate-house, on his way home to his early tea. "Mr. Jasper is a dark man of somo six-and twenty, with thick, lustrous, well- arranged black hair and whiskers. He looks older than ho is, as dark men often do. His voice is deep and good, his face and figuie are good, his manner is a little soinbie. His room is a little sombre, and may havo had its influence in forming his manner. It is mostly in shadow. Even when the sun shines bril- liantly, it seldom touches the grand piano in tho recess, or tho folio music- books on tho stand, or the bookshelves on the wall, or the unfinished picture of a blooming schoolgirl hanging over tho chiraneypieco ; hor flowing brown hair tied with a blue ribbon, and her beauty remarkable fora quito childish, almost babyish, touch of saucy discontent, comically conscious of itself, (There is not tho least artistic merit in this picture, which is a mero daub ; but it is clear that the painter ba- rnado it humorously-ono might almost say, rovcngefolly-like tho original.) " 'We shall miss you, Jasper, at the "Al- ternate Musical Wednesdays " to- night ; but no doubt} ou are best at home. Good-night. Godblessjou! "Toll mo, shop-herds to-o-ell mo ; tell rae-o-o, have you seen (havo you soen, havo you seen, havo you seen) my-y-y Flo-o ora-a pass this way !" ' Melodiously good Minor Canon the Reverend Septimus Cris- pártelo thus delivers himself, in musical rhythm, as ho withdraws his amiablo face from tho doorway and convojs it down stairs." The "mystery"is faintly breathod in this chapter, and we havo an intimation that Jasper is essential to it. His nephow, Edwin Drood, is betrothed to Miss Rosa Bud (a name scarcely so happy as Mr. Dickens, names are) hy tho will of his guardian and hers-she being an orphan, and, at the opening of tho talo, a scholar at the Nuns' House Seminary ior Young Ladies. The arrangement is not one altogether satisfactory to eitbor of the parties, who would bo hotter lovors had they not been formally tied. Edwin, however, is hopeful and devoted, in spito of the warnings of his uncle. ' "'In somo fuw months loss than another year, you know, I shall cairy Pussy oil from school as Mrs, Edwin Drood. I shall then go engineering into tho East, and Pussy with me. And although wo havo our littlo tiffs now, arising out of a certain unavoidable flatness that attends our lovo-makiug, owing to it end being all settlod beforehand, still I havo no doubt of our getting on capitally thon, when it's dono and can't bo helped. In short, Jackj to go back to the old song I was freely quoting at dinner (and who knows old songs bettor than you !), my wife shall danoo and I will sing, so moirily pass tho day. Of Pussy's being beautiful theio cannot be a doubt ; and when you aro good besides, Littlo Miss Impudence,' once moro apostrophising the portrait, ' I'll burn your comic likeness and point your music-master another.' i " Mr. Jasper, with his hand to his'chin, and with an expression of musing bene- volence on his face, has ntton^vely watched every animated look and gesture attending tho delivery of theso words. Ho remains in that attitude after they aro spoken, ns if in a kind of fascination attendant on his strong interest in tho youthful spirit that ho loves so woll. Then ho soys, with a quiet smile " ' You won't bo warned, then ? ' "'No, Jack.' " ' You can't be warned, then ?' "'No, Jock, not by you. Besides that, I don't really consider myself in daugor. I don't Uko your putting jotuself in that posi- tion.' " ' Shall wo go and walk in tho church- yard V r ' ' 'By all moans. You won't mind my slip- ping out of it for half a moment to tho nuns' house, and leaving a parcel there? Only gloves for Pussy, As many paira of gloves as abo is years old to-day. Rathor poetical, Jack ? ' i j "Mr. Jasper, still in tho samo attitudo, murmurs, 'Nothing half so swoot in life, Ned.' " The description of tho Nuns' House is in Mr. Dickens, plcasantest manner. Miss Twinkloton herself, with her momorios of "foolish Mr. Portéis;" Mrs. Tishor, " a de- ferential widow with a weak back, a chronic sigh, and a suppressed voice ;" and tho young ladies, aro all equally captivating with Ed- win's fiancée. ' "In"the,midst of Cloistorhara stands the Nuns' Holisó ; a voncrablo brick edifico whose present appellation is doubtless derived from the legend of its conventual uses. On the trim goto onclosing its old cotirtyaid, is o resplendent brass plato flashing forth the legend : ' Seminary for Young Ladies. Miss Twinkleton.' The houso-front is so old and worn, and tho brass plate is 'so shining and storing, that tho general result has reminded imaginativo strangers of a battered 61d beau with a largo modern eye-glass stuck in his blind eye. "Whothor the nuns of yoro, being of a sub- missive rather than a stift-necked generation, habitually bent their contemplativo hoads to avoid collision with tho beams in tho low ceilings of the many chambers of their House; Whothor they sat in ita long low windows, telling'their heads for their mortification in- stead of malting nocklaccs of thom for theil adornment ; whothor they wero over walled up olivo in odd angles and jutting gables of the building for having somo ineiadicable leaven _f busy mother Naturo in them which Las kept tho fcimonting woild olivo over sinco ; theso may bo matters of interest to its haunting ghosts (if any), but constitute no itern in Miss Twinklcton's half-j early accounts. They aro neither of Miss Tninkleton's inc'usivo regulars, nor of hor extras. Tho lady who undertakes tho pootical department of the establishment at so much (or so little! a quaitor, has no pieces in her list of recitals bonring on such unprofitable questions. "As/in somo cosos of drunkenness, and in others of animal magnetism, thora are two slates of consciousness which never clash, but each of which pursues its separate 'course as though it woro continuous instead of broken (thus if I hido my watch whon I am drunk, I must be drunk again boforo I can romombor where), so Miss Twinkleton lias two distinct fad separate pltwc3 of pcing, Eyory sight, the moment the young ladies have "retired to rest, does Miss Twinkleton smarten up her curls a little, brighten up her eyes a littlo, and become a sprightlior Miss Twinkleton than the young ladies have ever seen. Every night," at the same hour, does Miss Twinkleton re- sume the topics of tho previous night, com-' Erehending the tendorer scandal of Cloister am, of which she has no knowledge what- ever by day, and references to a certain season at Tunbridge Wells (airily called by Miss Twinkleton in this state of her existence 'The Wells '), notably tho season wherein a certain - finished gentleman (compassionately called by Miss Twinkleton in this state of hor ex- istence 'Foolish Mr. Porters') revealed a homage of tho heart whereof Miss! Twinkle- ton, in her scholastic state of existence, is as ignorant as a granite pillar. Miss Twinkle ton's companion in both states of existence, and equally adaptable to cither, ia one Mrs Tisher ; a deferential widow, with a weak back, a chronic sigh, and a suppressed voice, who looks after the young ladies' wardrobes, and leads them to infer that she has seen better days. Perhaps that is the reason why it is an article of faith with tho servants, handed down from race to race, that the do parted Tishor was a hairdresser. "The pet pupil of the Nuns' House is Miss Rosa Bud, of course called Rosebud, wonder- fully pretty, wonderfully childish, wondorfully whimsical. An awkward interest, awkward because romantic, attaches to Miss Bud in the minds of the young ladies, on account of its being known to them that a husband has been chosen for her by will and bequest, and that her guardian is bound down to bestow heron that husband when ho comes of age. ,Miss Twinkleton, in her seminarial state of existence, has combated the romantic aspect of this destiny by affecting to shake her head over it bebind Miss Bud's dimpled shoulders, and to brood on tho unhappy lot of doomed little victim, but with no better offect possibly some unfelt touch of foolish Mr. Porters lias undermined the endeavour than to evoko fiom tho young ladies a unani- mous bed-chamber cry of, ' Oh ! what a pre- tending old thing Miss Twinkleton is, my dear 1' " The Nuns' Houso is never in suoh a state of iluttei as when this allotted husband calls to seo little Rosebud. (It is unanimously un dei stood by the young ladies that ho is law- fully entitled to this privilege, and that if Miss Twinkleton disputed it she would bo in- stantly taken up and transported.) When his ring at the gate-boll is expected, or takes place, every young lady who can, under any prttenco, look out of window, loóles out of window, while every young lady who is ' prac- tising,' practises out of time ; and the French class becomes so demoralised that the mark goes round as briskly as the bottle at a con uvial party in tbo last century. "Un the ofternoon of the day next after the dinner of two at the Gate-houso, the bell is rung with the usual fluttering results ' Mr. Edwin Drood, to see Miss Rosa.' " This is> the announcement of the parlour- maid in-chief. Miss Twinkleton, with an exemplary air of melancholy on hor, turns to tho sacrifice, and says-'You may go down, my dear.' Miss Bud goes down, followed by all eyes. ''Mr. Edwin Drood is waiting in Miss Twinkleton's own parlour-a dainty room, with nothing moro directly scholastic in it than a terrestrial and a celestial globo. These expressive machines imply (to parents and guardians), that oven when Miss Twinkleton retires into the bosom of privacy, duty may at any moment compel hor to become a sort of wandering Jowess, scouring the earth and soaring through the skies m search of knowledge for her pupils. "Tho last new maid, who has never seen tho young gentleman Miss Rosa is engaged to, and who is making his acquaintance be- tween the hinges of the open door, left open for tho purpose, stumbles guiltily down tho kitchen stairs, as a charming little apparition, with its face concealed by a little silk apron thrown over its head, glides into tho parlour. "i 'Ob ! It is so ridiculous !' says tho appa- rition, stopping and shrinking. 'Don't, Eddy !' " 'Don't what, Rosa?' " ' Don't como any nearer, please ? It is so absurd.' " ' What is absurd, Rosa?' " ' The whole thing is. It is so absurd to bo an engaged orphan ; and it is so absurd to havo tho girls and the servants scuttling about after one, like mice in the wainscot ; and it is so absurd to bo called upon !' " Tho apparition appears to havea thumb in the corner of its mouth whilo making this complaint. "'You give me an affectionate recaption, Pussy, I must say ?' " 'Well, I will in a minuto, Eddy, but I can't just yet. How aro you ?' (very shortly). " '1 am unable to reply that I am much the bettei for seeing you, Pussy, inasmuch as I seo nothing of you.' "This second romonstranco brings a dark bright poutingv eye out from a [corner of the apron; but it swiftly becomes invisible again, as tlio apparition exclaims : 'Oh ! Good gra- cious, you have had half your hair cut off!' " ' I should havo done butter to havo had my head cut off, I think,' says Edwin, rumpling the hair in question, with a norco glance at tho lookinß- glnss, and giving an impatient stamp. 'Shall I go?' " ' No ; you needn't co just yot, Eddy. Tho girls would all be asking questions why you went.' " t Once for all,.Rosa, will you uncovor that lidioulous littlo head of yours, and give me a welcome?' " The apron is pulled off tho childish head, as its wearer replies : ' You're very welcome, Eddy. There ! I'm sure that's nice Shake bands. No, I can't kiss you, because I've got an acidulated drop in my mouth.' " ' Aro you at all glad to see me, Pussy?' " ' Oh, yes, I'm dreadfully glad. Go and sit down. Miss Twiukloton.' "Itis the custom of that oxcollent lady, when these visits occur, to appear every three minutes, cithor in hor own person or m that of Mrs. Tisher, and lay an offering on the shrine of Propriety by affecting to look for some desideiated atticlo. On tho present occa- sion, Miss Twinkleton¡ gracefully gliding in and out, sajs, in passing: 'How do you do. Mr. Diood? Vory glad indeed to havo the pleasure. Pray excuse me. Tweezers. Thank you 1 ' " ' I got the gloves last evening, Eddy, and I Uko them very much. Thoy aro boauties.' " 'Well, that's something,' tho affianced ro plies, half grumbling. ' The smallest en- couragement thankfully received.' " 'And so, Pussy, you have passed your last birthday in this old house' "'Ah, yes.' Rosa clasps her hands, looks down with a sigh, and shakes hor head. " '¡You seem to bo sorry, Rosa.' " ' I am sorry for tho poar old place. Some- times I feel as if it would miss mo, when I am cone so far away, so young.' . "Perhaps wo had bettor stop short, Rosa.' Sho looks up at him with a swift bright look, next moment shakes hor hoad, sighs, and looks down again. "'That is to say, is it, Pussy,-that we aro both resigned ?' i ? "Sho nods her head again, and after a short silenco, i quaintly bursts out with-' You know wc must bo married, and married from hero, Eddy, or tho poor girls will ho so dread- fully disappointed lr " For tbo moment there is moro of com- passion, both for her aud for himself, in her affianced husband's face, than thoro is of love.. He checks tho look, and asks, 'Shall I tnko you out for a walk, Rosa, dear 1' " Rosa,'dear, does not seem at all clear on this point, until her face, whichf has been comifcally reflective, brightens. 'Ob, yes, Eddy ; let us go for a walk. And I tell you what we'll do. You should pretend that you aro engaged to somebody else, and I'll pre- tend that I am not engaged to anybody, and then ,wo shan't quarrel.' ^ "'Do you think that.will prevent our falling out, Rosa?' , . , " ¡ß. know it will. Hush ! Pretend to look out of window-Mrs. Tisher 1'' "Through a fortuitous concourse of acci- dents', tho matronly Tisher heaves in sight, says, in rustling through the room like the legendary ghost of a dowager ia silken skirts : 'I bono I seo Mr. Drood well; though I necdn t ask, if I may judge from his com- plexion. I trust I disturb no one ; hut there was a paper-knife-Oh, thank you, I am Büro !' and disappears with her prize, " * One othor thing you must do, Eddy, to oblige roo,' says Rosebud. ' The moment wo get into tho street, you must put mo outside, and keep close to the houso yourself-squeeze and graze yourself against it.' «.",'?? "V1 mea,ns> Bosa< i£ J'«"1 wish it. Might I ask why?' ,T'Oh ! bccauEO I don't want the girls to seo you.' The scene between the affianced lovers con- tains much promise of future troublo, and it is easy to catch a glimpse of tho sharo which Jasper is to havo in the unfolding of the mystery. I In the next chapter we are introduced to Mr. Sapsea, auctioneer, " the veriest jackass in Cloisterham," who promises tdbb a prolific sourco of entertainment "Mr. Sapsea 'dresses at'the dean; has 1 been fapwed tv foi the dean, in mistakç ; haj even been spoken to in tho street as ray lord, under the impression that he was'tho bishop come down unexpectedly, without his chap- lain. Mr. Sapsea is very proud of this, and of his voice, and of his style. He has oven (in selling landed property) tried the experi 'nient of, slightly intoning in his pulpit, to moko himself more like what he takes to be the genuine ecclesiastical article. So, in end- ing a sole by public auction, Mr. Sapsea finishes off with an air of bestowing a bone diction on the assembled brokers, which leaves the real dean-a modest and worthy gentleman-far behind. "Mr. Sapsea has many admirers; indeed, the proposition is carried by a largo local mojority, even including non-believers in his wisdom, that he is a credit to Cloisterham. Ho possesses the great qualities of being por- tentous and dull, and of having a roll in his speech, and another roll in his gait ; not to mention a certain gravely flowing action with his hands, as if he wero presently going to confirm tno individual with whom ho holds discourse. Much nearer sixty years of age than fifty, with a flowing outline of stomach, and horizontal creases in his waistcoat ; re- puted to be rich ; voting at elections in the strictly respectable interest ; morally satisfied that' nothing but ho himself has grown sinco ho was a baby ; how can dunder-headed Mr. Sapsea be otherwise than a credit to Cloister ham, and society ? Mr. Sapsea explains how it is that, though he has scarcely been ever out of Cloisterham, ho is a learned man, who is acquainted with foreign countries and many varieties of life : " If I havo not gono to foreign countries, young man, foreign countries havo como to me. They have como to me in tho way of businesst and I have improved upou my op portunities. Put it that I take an inventory, or moko a catologuo. I seo o French clock. I never sow bim before in my life, but I in- stantly lay my finger on him and say 'Paris !" I see some cups and saucers of Chinese make, equally strangers to me personally : I hut my finger on them, then and there, and I say ' Pekin, Nankin, and Canton.' It is the same with Japan, with Egypt, and with bamboo and sandal-wood from the East Indies ; I put my finger on thom all. 11 have put my finger on the North Polo before now, and said, ' Spear of Esquimaux make, for half a pint of pale sherry !' " Mr. Sapsea consults Jasper as to a certain epitaph he has written on his lately deceased wife, first explaining how it was that he came to marry that remarkable woman ; V Half-a-dozen years ago, orso,' Mr. Sapsea proceeds, ' when I had enlarged my mind up to-I will not soy_ to what it now is, for that might Eeem to aim at too much, but up to the pitch of wanting another mind to be absorbed in it-I cost my eye about mo for a nuptial partner. Because, as I say, it is not good for man to bo alono.' "Mr. Jasper appears to commit this original idea to memory. "'Miss Brobity_ at that timo kept, I will not call it tho rival establishment to the establishment at the Nuns' Houso opposite, but I will call it the other parallel establish- ment down town. The world did have it that sho showed a passion for attending ray sales, when they took place on half-holidays, or in vacation time, Tho world did put it about that she admired my style. The world did notice that as timo flowed by my style became traceable in the dictation exercises of Miss Brobity's pupils. Young man, a whisper oven sprang up in obscure malignity, that one ignorant and besotted churl (a parent) so com- mitted himself as to object to it by name. But I do not believe this. For is it likely that nny human creature in his right senses would BO lay himself open to be pointed at by what I call tho finger of scorn ? ' "Mr. Jasper shakes his head. Not in tho least likely. Mr. Sapsea, in a grandiloquent state of absence of mind, seems to refill his visitor's glass, which is full aheady, and does really refill his own, which is empty. "'Miss Brobity's Being, young man, was deeply imbued with homage to Mind. She revered Mind, when launched, or, as I say precipitated, on an extensive knowledge of the world. When I made my proposal sho did me the honour to bo so overshadowed with a species of Awo as to bo able to articu- late only the two words, " Oh Thou !" meaning my?elf. Her limpid blue eyes wero fixed upon me, her semi-transparent hands were clasped together, pallor overspreud her aquiline features, and though encouraged to proceed she never did proceed a word further. I disposed of ¿bo parallel establishment by private con- tract, and wo becamo as nearly ono as.could bo expected under the circumstances. But sho never could, and sho never did, find a phrase satisfactory to her perhaps- too-favour- able estimate of my intellect. To tho very last (feeble action of liver), she addressed me in the same unfinished terms.' "iMr. Jasper has closed his eyes as the auc- tioneer has deepened his voice. He now abruptly opens them, and says, in unison with tho deepened voice, 'Ah !'-rathor as if stopping himself on the extreme verge of adding-' men 1' " ' I have been since,' says Mr. Sapsea, with bis legs stretched out, and solemnly enjoying himself with the wine and tho fire, 'what you behold me ; I havo been since a solitary mourner ; I have been sinco, as I say, wasting my evening conversation on the desert air. I will not say that I havo reproached myself : but there have beon times when I havo asked myself the question ¡ What if her husband bad been nearer on a level with her? If she hod not hod to look up quite so high, what might the stimulating action have been upon the liver ?' " The epitaph itself is worthy of being set out at length, in the very form composed by Mr. Sapsea : "BTIlEIiIODA, Beverentlal Wiro of MB. THOMAS -APSE A, AUCTIONEER, VAiurn, ESTATE AOBST, Se., OF mis CITY, Whoso Knowledge of tho World, Though somewhat extensivo, Hover brought bim acquainted with A SPIBIT Moro capablo of LOOKING DI- TO HIM. STRANGER PAUSE And ask thjEolf tho Question, CANST THOU DO LIKEWISE? If Kot, WITH A BLUSH RETIRE " Durdles, the sexton of Cloisterham Ca- thedral, is a most original sketch. He lives among the tombs and ancient monuments, and is as mouldy and as stony as his charges. Duidles has a deputy, in the person of a small imp, who is hired to pelt him home with stones whenever his principal is overcome with liquor and stays out too late : " John Jasper, on his way home through tho Close, is brought to a standstill by tho spectacle of Stony Durdles, dinner-bundle and all, leaning his back against the iron railing of tho burial-ground enclosing it from the old cloister-arches ; and a hideous small boy in rags flinging stones at him as a well dehned mark in the moonlight. Sometimos the stones hit him, and sometimes they miss him, but Dnrdlesseems indifferent to either fortune. The hideous small boy, on the contrary, whenever he hits Duidles, blows a whistlo of triumph through a jagged gap con- venient for tho purpose in the front of his mouth, where half ¡his teeth are wanting; and whenever ho !misses him, yelps out ' mulled agin !' and; tries to atono for- the failuro by taking a moro correct and vicious aim.' , ; "'What aro you doing to the man?' demands Jasper, stepping out into the moon- light'from the shade. ' ' - ' * >. ' "'Making a cock-shy of him,' replies the hideous boy. , i . " ' Give me those stones in your hand.' " ' Yes, I'll give 'em you down your throat, if you come a-ketching'hold of mo,' says tho small boy, shaking himself loose and backing. ' I'll ¡jmash your'"eye if you don't look out.' > t ' ' " ' Baby-devil' that you are, what has the man done to you ?' "'He won't go home.' T ' "'.AVhatisthattoyou?' " 'Ho gives mo a 'apenny to polt lum home if I ketches Lim out too late,' says the boy. And i then chants, uko a little savage, half stumbling and half dancing among tho rags and laces of his dilapidated boots, . Widdy widdy won I I-ket-ches-Im- out-_r- ter-ten, Widdy widdy wy I Then-E- don't-go-then-I-Bhy ' > i Widdy Widdy Wak. coctt warning; 1' with o comprehensive sweep on tho lost word, and one moro delivery at Durdles. " This would seem to be a poetical note of preparation agreed upon as a caution to Dur- dles to stand clear if ho can or to betake him- self homeward. "John Jasper invites Hhe boy with a beck of his head to follow him (feeling it hopeless to drag him, or coax him), and crosses to the iron railing where the Stony (and stoned) One is profoundly meditating. '"Do you know this thing, this child?' asks Jatker. at a loss for a word that will define this thing. " ' Deputy,' says Durdles, with a nod. "'Is that its-his-name?" " 'Deputy,' assents Durdles. " ' I'm man-servant up at the Travellers' Twopenny in QM Works Golding,' this thing «plains. 'All us manservants at Travellers Lodgings ia named Deputy. When we're chock full and tho Travellers is all a-bed I como out for my 'clth.' Then withdrawing into the road, and taking aim, he resumes : ' '"Widdy Wlddj wen! I-hot-dies-Ira-out-nr-ter-' "'Hold your hand,' cries Jasper, 'and don't throw while I stand so near him, or I'll kill you ! Come, Durdles ; let me walk home with you to-night. Sholl I corry your bundle?' "'Not on any account,' replies Durdles, adjusting it. ' Durdles was making his re- flections hore when yon como up, sir, sur- rounded by his works, like a poplar Author. -Your own brother-in-law ; ' introducing a sarcophagus within tho railing, white and cold in the moonlight. 'Mrs. Sapsea;' in- troducing the monument of that devoted wife 'Late Incumbent ;' introducing tho Reverend Gentleman's broken column. 'De- parted Assessed Taxes ;' introducing a vase and towel, standing on what might represent tho euko of soap. 'Former pastrycook and muffin-maker, much respected ;" introducing giavestone. AH safe and sound hore, sir, and all Durdles's work ! Of the common folk lhat is merely bundled up in turf and brambles, the less said the better. A poor lot, soon forgot,' i " 'This creature, Deputy, is behind,us,'says Jasper, looking back. ' Is he to follow us ?' " Tho relations between Durdles and De- puty are of a capricious kind ; for on Durdles's ^ taming himself 'about with the slow gravity of beery soddenness, Deputy makes a pretty wide circuit into the road and stands ou tho defensive " ' You never cried Widdy Warning before you begun to-night,' soys Durdles, unexpect- edly reminded of, or imagining an injury. i" ' Yerlie, I did,' says Deputy in his only form of polite contradiction. [ "'Own brother, sir,' observes Durdles, i turning himself about again, and as unox | pectedly foigetting his offence as he had re I called or conceived it ; ' own brother to Peter I the Wild Boy ! But I gave him an object in life.' j . ?> - ' ¡> "'At which' he takes aim?' Mr. Jasper suggests. " That's it, sir,1'returns Durdles, quite sa- tisfied ; ' at which he takes aim. I took him' \ in hand and gave bira an object. What was ho before ? A destroyer. What work did he dd ? Nothing hut destruction. What did ho 1 carn by it? Short terms in Cloisterham Jail. Not a person, not a piece of property, not a winder, not a horse, nor a dog, nor a cat, nor a hird, nor a fowl, nor a pig, but what ho stoned, for want of an enlightened object. I put that enlightened object before him, and now he can turn his honest halfpenny by tho three penn'orth a week.' " ' I wonder he has no competitors.' " . He has plenty, Mr. Jasper, but he stones 'cm allaway.' " That Mr. Dickens will have tens of thou- sands of guests at this his last entertainment it is safe to predict, and they will be hard to please if they do not riso contented with the pleasant fare he has given them. Whether it will prove to be only a fragment, or a com- plete repast, time alone can prove. 