A DREAM ON DELTA. I have dreamed a fearful dream.— RICH. III. I had a dream which was not all a dream.— BYRON. One night the Herald I procured And over Delta fell asleep— Ah! me, what horrors I endured! Their memory makes me weep. I heard the "Murmurs of the Stream," They sounded like a solemn bell, And I was carried in a dream— But where I could not tell. They sounded in my dizzy ears, With awful cadence sad and slow— A chorus of continual tears, And never ending woe. I felt as stifled in a crowd Which o'er my prostrate body prest I lay as in a funeral shroud And sleep that was not rest. And quenched with indiscriminate breath And human presence, I sustained The burden of a living death, And still alone remained. And still the "Murmurs of the Stream," In everlasting ebb and flow, Mixed with the pulses of my dream, And made their moan of woe. Then of a sudden with a start, And shiver of convulsive pain, From that first dream I seemed to part, And yet to dream again. And still the "Murmurs of the Stream" Kept sounding like a solemn bell, And through the pulses of my dream, Poured their sepulchral knell. Then grew a visionary face Out of the stillness of the hour, Whose presence filled the breadths of space With fumes of sulphurous power. A face with shaggy brow o'erpent, And rugged jaws, and grisly hair, And scowl of horrible intent, And eyes of ominous glare. A face inscrutable in guile, Whose glance through Delphic darkness leered, And ever from unmeaning smile To maudlin pathos veered. A face unfathomably sad, O'er which had sin and sorrow poured, And, in their arrowy passage, had The scars of ruin scored. Though Time its features had not spared To brand with many a record foul Still unabashed defiance glared From its portentous scowl. Still egotistically great And brooding o'er mysterious schemes It grasped the patronage of Fate And mocked mankind with dreams. And from its dank cadaverous skin A frowsy firmament exhaled And greasy exhalations in The tainted ether sailed. It's gulfy jaws for living breath Did foul and fetid odours pour Like the black mouth which vomits death On Fort Macquarie's shore. And from the angle of each lip Like rills that trickle from a drain I felt a thick and oozy drip Fall down in unctuous rain. And as I gazed in helpless awe— The vision spoke--I held my breath— The while I heard and felt and saw Though dead with living death. And still the "Murmurs of the Stream" Kept tolling like a doleful bell And stirred the pulses of my dream, With their sepulchral knell. It said "In ghosts dost thou believe?" I answered in mine abject fear "Ghost stories often I receive When overcome with beer." "In general I regard them not"— "Then learn" it said "and pay the cost Of unbelief, and living rot, And be yourself a ghost." ''But listen. On Kiama shore A man was smit with mortal wound Thereafter he was seen no more— The body was not found." "By Fenian malice he was slain Of guns discharged we heard the sound He fell—but all our search was vain— The body was not found." "The story floated through the Press, The papers spread it round and round, It reached the Herald—nevertheless The body was not found." "A great sensation soon it made, The Herald did the laws expound But though the tale was good for trade— The body was not found." "Of course the Orangemen were glad, It seemed to prove their views were sound, But though the half of them went mad— The body was not found." "All loyal persons stood aghast, And Government, on dangerous ground Appeared to tremble, when at last The body was not found." "And as for the Police they bore Abundant witness, as they're bound, But notwithstanding all they swore— The body was not found." "As usual, I my trumpet blew, And by my speeches grew renowned. But all my blowing would not do,— The body was not found. "And though throughout the astonished land The dismal story did resound, The business still remains on hand: The body must be found." Then came a sudden change of face; The cunning eyes lit up with guile. I felt the insinuating grace Of that seductive smile. And like a fascinated bird I shrank away yet nearer came Though to the core my heart was stirred With terror and with shame. And after long and weary pause Which seemed to me an age of pain It opened its unsavoury jaws And spoke to me again. Ah! how I sickened at the voice The silken sweet—yet snaky drawl-- Like things that spring and bite, whose choice And habit is to crawl. It said "What money can you spare?" I answered back in tone of woe "Take all I have—I do not care— But only let me go." It said "I've drawn a little bill To which, if you'll affix your name 'Twill save me from impending ill And bring you deathless fame." "Or write a cheque upon the bank Which at my leisure I'll repay"— But helpless at the word I sank And seemed to swoon away. But once again methought I strove Awakened as by fresh despair But limb nor muscle could I move, Nor even curse or swear. But still I saw that ghastly face Vex heaven and earth with hideous leer And felt it fill the breadths of space With frowsy atmosphere. And still the "Murmurs of the Stream" Kept sounding their sepulchral knell Like solemn voices in a dream Struck by a solemn bell. And thus unnumbered hours I passed— Like centuries they seemed to go— Till deeper horror came at last And more abundant woe. I grew to horrid consciousness Through spasms of intermittent pain— Till a new fancy did possess And fasten on my brain. In dreams we know such things are done— But though I was alive and sound, It seemed my body was the one, Which never had been found. And there amid the woody maze, In withering winds and dew and rain, Through freezing nights, and blazing days A corpse did I remain. Recovering from a long eclipse I heard a loud tumultuous sound Proclaimin from a thousand lips "The body has been found", Then came about me as before, The seething crowd, and hemmed me round And stormy shouts the welkin tore "The body has been found." And now that dank cadaverous face, Which had the hateful story told Amid the plenitude of space Did I again behold. 'Twas lighted with a lurid light But from its cold and cunning eyes, Framed rampant egotism in spite, Of mystery and disguise. And still the "Murmurs of the stream," Kept tolling like a solemn bell, And pierced the pulses of my dream, With their sepulchral knell, In days of misery and of doubt I lay exposed to public view The people pulled me all about And pinched me black and blue. And still I could not stir or move Except as I was moved or stirred While round about me and above The sounds of life were heard. Of course, Policemen came to gaze And my poor body to impound, They got some credit, and more praise The body had been found. Nor failed a Coroner to sit And Inquest held, you may be sure— So much for public benefit, Did my poor corpse endure. And what was done, with what intent, Came witnesses to swear and show, And somebody to gaol was sent, And hanged, for aught I know. But when to bury me they came, And put me living underground, My senses, like a smouldering flame, A sudden vigour found. And though the "Murmurs of the Stream" Still souuded like a solemn bell I burst the shackles of my dream, And woke, alive, and well. 