correspondence. THE BAPTISM OF TNFANTS. To tho Editor of the Yass Courier. Dear Sir, — In your issno of tho 11th instant, there appeared u paragraph, extracted, I beliovo, from the Sydney Horning Herald's report of tho lato meeting of tho Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Now South Wales. In this paragraph I find thnt my friond, Mr. Gibson, stnted in thnt reverend nsseinbly, that ho did not deom baptism to bo ossnntial oxcopt in tho presence of tho parents and after thoy had promised that tho child should bo brought up as a Christian ; nnd further, that ho had 011 ono occasion refused to hnptiso a dying child to check the superstitions feelings of tho father 011 tlio subject. Noif, Sir, 1 hail thought until now that nlthough not a Prosbytorian myself I knew something about Presbyterian discipline and doctrino from tho number of thoir works which I liavo rend nnd tho many loarnod and much-loved frionds amongthem whom I liavo known and convorsod with in othor lands. Would, tlion, somo of tho Prosbytorians of Yass kindly instruct me os to tho doctrino of thoir Church on tho subject of baptism, ns I um always anxious to gain information ns to tlio religious opinions of other communions and cannot help just now fooling somewhat disap pointed that I have evidently made a mistaku in imagining that l-ho teaching of tho Presbytorinn Church and that of that section of tho Church of England which is called evangelical, wnre identical on this subject. We, of course, imngino that tlio last words which onr Lord spoke on earth, would probably refer to that which was essential, and when Ho told His disciples to go and tonch all nations, baptising thorn in tlin linmo of tlio Father, ami of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, wo nro inclined to think thnt, whatever may bo the grace conveyed in baptism, or whatever mny bo tho, change oMoototl by that ordinance ns to the position of tlio child ns within or without the covenant of grace, that Ilis saorod command makes it essential wherever it can be properly ad ministered. And tho discipline of the Church of England is not so sovoro ns to eompol any minister of hor communion to the cruel necessity of harrassiiig the feelings of a sorrow-stricken father at the hour ol his grief, by refusing to administer a rite to his child, because ho, tlio father, thought too supers! iMously of it. I mention this us my apology for asking for inlor- mation, and I am sure that my Prosbytorian frionds will acquit me from any intention of ask ing this in a spirit of carping criticism at thoir Church, which 1 liavo always hitherto looked at und loved ns a sister Church, fighting tho samo grand butllo under different regimental flags. I confess, however, this baptism nonessential." where it can he obtained, has bothered mo a good deal. Will anv 0110 como to uiv rescue ? -Yours. . F. A.'C. LILI.INGSTON. 