MELBOURNE. (rsou OOU OWN COBUKSPOHDENT.) Friday, 13tU May. Mr E. O'Kccfe, President ol the Shire of Uimtly, to-day paid another visit to the Minister of Railways on the subject of the necessary repairs to the eastern approach of the Glare Inn Bridge over the Campaspe. The sum required for the purpose would, he said, be about L1000. The lion Minister having heard i\Ir O'Keefe'a statements, said thatifLlOOO could be sufficient for thepurpose he wculd put on the Estimates a sum of L500, provided the Waranga and Iluntly Shire Councils respectively subscribed L250. A deputation, consisting of the very Rev Dean Macartney and n member of clergymen of various denominations representing the society for the promotion of morality, to-day waited upon the htm Chief Secretary to oflor some suggestions as to existing evils with a view to their suppression or mitigation. The gentlemen, through their spokesmen, drew a lamentable picture of the profligacy of Melbourne as discovered by personal observation. The effect of night licenses was much deprecated by the deputation as affording increased temptation to vice. Tho hon Mr M'Ciiltoch said he was personally averse to night licetHes and dancing in publichouses, and informed the deputation that a bill was before the Parlia ment having for its object the dealing with the liquor traffic, and the Government were prepared to support that bill. The Rev Mr Fletcher said he to hoar this, and stated that the society had soiu; Juggsstioni to offar, which, no doubt, the rraiajr of the bill would accept and embody if in the hill. Ths hon Chief Secretary aii iJoubi that he would do so, and requested ;ii* t'ajy ihould be forwarded to him, which the d;?'.iu:ion readily promised. I hear that at the meeting of the Executive to dsy it irss determined to allow the law to take itp course in the case of Ah Pevr, the Chinaman sentenced to death for the murder of the little girl at Glenluce, near Castlemaine. The Suez Canal it is evident begins to bo an accepted highway to the East, as I find notices of two vessels hating reached China by that route ; the steamer Lakann, from London, after calling at Aden, Galle, Singapore, and Manilla, in eighty-four days, and the William Miller, steamer, which left London on 29th December, took a freight, 225 pilgrims from Suez to Yembah, in the Red Sea, and arrived via Pulo Penang and Singapore, in Hong Kong, 4th April. News has been received by the mail of another piracy caso in the China Seas, the victims being the officers and crew of the North German brig Gazelle. No violence was offered to anyone on l board, but soma cargo aud other property \va» carried off. A small Chinese lorcha, tho Fung Shuey, of 34 tons burden, 50 feet in length by 12 feet beam, is about to sail home under the American flag and Captain Norton, I presume by way of the Medi terranean. Her cargo will consist of Chinese curios. Anyone who recollects the success of the Chinese Junk some years since as an exhibition will no doubt credit the possibility of the preseut enterprise being a success. The new Melbourne bank in connection with London, which has. been for some time gradually "maturing its plans, has, I understand, received advices by the present mail of satisfactory arrange ments having been entered into in London, so that we may shortly expect to see the new insti tution, under the style and title of the Melbourne and Loudon Bank, launched. It promises to meet with success, as there is plenty of room for an establishment of this kind, based upon good financial principles. It may be as well to state that the bank to which I now refer has no con nection with an institution lately projected under the name of the Melbourne, Ballarat, and Sand hurst Bank. I make this distinction in order to avoid misconception in the matter. It will be remembered that H.R,H the Duko of Edinburgh had the honor of laying the first stone of the new Town Hall, now nearly completed, and also placed the first capital upon one of the pillars -two "events" in the history of the building and it is just within the probabilities that_he jnny -im'm'any " open" the splendid "building, at the first . of which he played so prominent a part. The irrepressible Count Von Attems-who will be recollected as having " opened tho eyes " of the Sydney and Queensland people some years since, when visiting those places in his yacht the " Hamlet's Ghost "-has again turned up, appa rently having served out his sentence, and is now publishing a paper in Sourabaya (Java) uuder the title of "Hamlet's Ghost." Whether it is intended to be a mere ephemeral production or of a more continuous character does not appear. There is a report that intelligence has been received by the present mail, to the effect that a certain exalted person in the English Realm will shortly appear in court as co-respondent in another case of conjugal infidelity. To-day Messrs Grant and C. Mackenzie, as a deputation from the Melbourne Lodge of the St Andrew's Society, waited upon the boa Minister -of-Lands to make application for a site of land for the purpose of almshouses and recreation grounds, and also a site for a hall in Melbourne. Mr Macpherson eventually promised a reserve of 10 acres, near the Butta station at Emerald Hill, for the almshouses and recreation reserve, but could make no promise as to a hall site. The examination of Draper will take place to morrow at the Police Court, and it ia considered probable that he will be committed. The Criminal Sessions commenco on Monday, and the case against Edwards for the murder of Susan Egan, is on the calendar, but I learn that a material witness, now in New Zealand, is not forthcoming, and it is very likely that he will not be tried this sessions from that cause, and if so, I- sin given -to understand that he can demand his discharge. The wretched woman Msria Cox, whose profligacy caused the death of her infant child will also be tried at these sessions. 