FALLING IN LOVE. (Satul-,1,1!, Sci'ien:) The man who likes chatty wooicn finds hi6 doom in a girl who never opens hor lips ; tlie cynic who hates bread and-butter trembles before a miss in her teens ; the prim young neophyte of the nursouago worships the horsiest of Dianas. No doubt there is a method in all this madness, mid a philosopher yet to come will rescue this bit of outlying existence from the realm of caprice. But as yet nobody has brought love within the calculation of cluncos. It is just as impossible as it was in the days of our forufuther* to predict whom we shall fall in love wilb. Hisstill as dif ficult as ever it was to decide who is likely to fall in love with m. The only result which comes of meditation on the subject is a sort of convicLioii that uuder certain perfectly inexplicable conditions it is posMble for anybody to fall in loro with anybody else. Ko doubt this is sheer treason against the conventional theory on tho subject. The Family Herald still cullis npon us, week after week, to worship Uic golden calves of Darby and Joan which Mr Coventry Pntmore has set up, and the call Rtill retains its power, at least over ' tbe deeper heart of humanity.' All our proU-sts against a calf-woiship would never rob it of a single votary among the lowest of the people. Tbe code of poet and novelist is observed with a touching obedience iu the kitchen. When Ihe 'young man' of life liclow bfjiirs falls in love with liis ' voting woman,' falling in iove means walking together, and walking together uieam marry ing. Constancy, in spite nf Coleridge's dictum, lives in realms below. Tue lameness, the monotony, llic uni (oruiity of such a passion harmonizes well enough with the touo of the ser vants' hall ; but we venture lo demur when a chorus of poets and Bcntt ineutoiists call upon us to Irow down beforo Uie innmbo jumlio of the kitchen. Their preaching is simply untrue to our experience. No doobt Heine 'c ' Palm Tree' is the most charming of poems, and ' Elective Affinities' is not quite the dullest of novels; but aa u matter of fad the pining souls whom we meet ore commonly young tilings over thirty ; and Fate and Destiny resolve them selves, in the bulk of cases, into a ren contre in ft ball-room, or a clmt nu a rainy afternoon. There h no harm in giving bucJi big names to such little matters, but Uicre is great barm is the sentimental Pharisaism which li theory of poets and spinsters involves. If Darbv and Joan nro the orthodox ideal of human afl'ecliou, then niue-touths of the human race, as they really exist must be doomed as Il-T'licul . For one human being vvlio luvei- ».tll this ' conculllraMil rovers ill love, as in croquet. For one liundiV'l who are for ever tumbling into love. in,. I tumbling out of it. The inli iiitu variety of inuaiiii tempers laughs nl these big pretentious generaliza tions, hut they .lo tlieir work n.vor lli'-le*0. Just, as marriage under the able management ot the British mother begets social hppocii.sy, so love iiiflking wilb the uid of Messrs. Tupper and Tennyson begets the hypocrisy of the. affections, flow difficult to 'find oneself in the ruined tower among the chicken bones of the picnic without looking for the statue of tbe armed l-.nigbt, and one's own Gencvicvc ! How impossible to listen to the far-off chimes from the cathedral tower as we drive home from the country ball in the sum mer dawn, without uttering the three little words that made the Gardener's Daughter so supremely comfortable ! And yet Uencvieve is but a hnyden, and the picnic a picnic ; and the gay little squcesc of three fingers in a cloak room is no such great matter after all. Life is infinitely too delightful a thing to allow all its freshness anil gaiety to be washed out of it by a flood of roman tic anil monotonous twaddle. Let poets i-ing as they will, every summer will bring its ' free love ' back again. It is only in the sunshine that one can really fall in love. Winter and tbe fireside ami the necessity of conversation give lovcmaking a serious, practical air, which robs it of all joy and geniality. The sunshine pours around it its ova bright, inJistiuct, vivifying haze. Sport with Amaryllis in the shade, and tbe sport ends with proposals asd calcula tions of the prosaic order ; hut pure poetry broads over that nest in the deep fern where the sua- gleam glance? from tress after tress as one toy6 with the tangles of Ketura's hair. It is difficult to be at once serious and hot. With the thermometer at 70 it is physically impossible to be impassioned, or lavish vows of an ardent affection. ' For over and for ever ' loses any absurd definite ness. What is really possible is to lie in a sunny blissfulncss and to break one's Ncrvana of enjoyment now and then by a whisper of delight. Then 'to enjoy is all the heart we know.' Old Uiings hove passed away — the governor's growl over our Ocbridgc bills, mamma's lecture over that waltz with young Pro digal — and all things have become new. It is amazing to think that we were bored by old Twaddle at breakfast. It is hard to believe that one will be bored by him again at dinner. Here in the fem-leaves, with the sun overhead and Neara half dosing over Lothnir, boredom seems im pobMhlu. It is this transformation of life, Ibis l-anishineut of its ugliness and its bother, which gives such a Rent to falling iu love. Love is 6imply vulgar ised when it stoops to entangle itself with puzzles about papa's, consent and problems about butcher's bills. Its true life is the life of pure fancy. One knows that to assert Ncaera's red hair to bo ' golden' is an absolute defiance of fact ; but then half the charm of love-making lies in the defiance of fact. One knows amid all one's protestations of constancy that Clarissa's golden hair will be red to-morrow, but in the sun shine there is no to-morrow. It is tho height of human enjoyment to get rid of the trammels of fact and time, to assert the impossible, to believe the incredible. For lovo is perfectly insolvent in the challenge it hurls at common sense. Major PeudcnniB wonders how tlie boy can love a woman old enough to be his mother ; bat Arthur flings himself just as ardently at Miss Castigan's feet. What are her years to him ? She is ever young, erer fair. Is is possible to see crow's-feet rouud eyes at which one gazes wiUi lite ardour of a first affec tion ? She is as old as une's elder sister, and one's elder sister is an old maid, but she—she is Phyllis, and age flies from her. Bhc is tbe standing excep tion to arithmetic and the calendar. When the inevitable break comes, what tears \ie shed over that match which we have so elaborately planned. It is true that Phyllis is over thirty, and no plan ning can bring the match nearer than five or six years ; but we have all the sunshine satisfaction of flinging our selves into our pocket-handkerchief, and sobbing our heart out. Ouly let us sub in the sunshine. It is tlie sunshine that gives sweetness to our tears, as it gives an Arcadian innocence to tbe Platonic friendship we swear to the pretty hand on wbose fingers Hcb a marriage ring. An Ohio woman has coughed up a fishbone wln'eh tlie bad in her throat ii years. It restored her voice and her husband wants a divuriui. A MhU,,,*Ni,iiKM was choked lo death tlit- other day by her false tcetli going adrift and settling 'in ber throat. A Uavton lady played a game of poker with her husbund the other night, tnJBtaing hi* entrance for Ibat of a burglar. He Is very budly bruised. TnE vollct grows low, and covers itself with (la am leaves , and yet of all flowcnl yields ihe most delicious and fragraul smell. .Such Is humility. Wk frequently hoar of a flight of steps, but we linve never yet been able lo under stand where they fly to. What moral lcsitun docs a weather-cock on a church steeple GonUnaally Jaculcstc ? 'Tis vain toa-splre. An ertraoruinary surgical operation was lauly performed, which killed tlie patient. Tbe physician is doing veil 1 A 1'AWxtmoKEB having joined a tempcr ancc society, it was remarked that there need be nu tor uf bi» nut keeping the pledge. A Maim: youth's courtship la embittered lij the fact that his lady. lore's bouse is Imuntcd, and the ghosts make It lively far him ever; time be calls. A woULD-be blonde at Albany was dis covered Ibe other day trying; to blanch her tresses with bar soap and resin. rio many people dropped letters into a Raltimorc rump 'ual II wouldn't work. They thought it a pillar lctur- boi. Tlir.HK Is no slavery -o bard, ao dCftradbl?, lo miserable, ao loathaome, as that of intem ' Von -M't do that »s»fn,' aa the pig aaid, niien tbe boy cut off his tail. ' ?? N'isk but the brave doKcpvc. the fair,' and nemo but Uic bravo can live with aoinc of them. A UACKcn ball Is sold to be a merciful in stitution fur plain women. Wiuk m«v wood be supposed to have spoken ? When you auswer the door. The way to make a hole In your nookel, II Ij Incur a large rent. A I kxxsvi.vakia awaull case grew ool o' stonliif abnliy In Its carriage. It Is stated that l'ere H.mdnthr in about lo take a nifc. Tbai'i right— fair, 11« ulolLu An unavoidable breech of the piece— tlie slock of a gun. Wimjoji is the talent of Irayltg virtuous pleasures at tiic cheapest rate. A Deeu Jish— Venison. Wnra Is love deformed ? When It li all on one sfdo. TnK man who had a cloud upon his brow lias since been mist. A wao promrancm 'Morphine, the greatest of modern composers.' '* 1 sw? you're on the watch,' at the thief laid to the guard-chain. 