A RUNAWAY ENOINE AND ITS CLEVER OATUREn.-At a recent ordinary mooting of the directors of the North-Eastern Railway Company, the ciroumstances attending the accident which occurred near Newcastle were takron into consideration, as was also the gallant conduct of Stool, an engine-driver residing at Newcastle, and the praiseworthy conduct of the guard and stoker who were with him on tho occasion. It was reported to the directors that Steel, seeing, after the accident, the runaway engine proceeding in the direction of the Newcastle station, at which, if it had entered, it would have caused an immense destruction of property, and probably loss of life, he with great presence of mind followed on his own engine on the same line. Having come up as close as possible to the runaway engine, he sprang upon it, and fortunately stopped it in time to prevent any accident. The guard also leaped after him, but missed the engine and fell by the side of the line. With a view, therefore, not only to their encouragement, but as an example to all the other servants of the company under similar circumstances of danger, the directors felt it was duo to them to mark their sense of the conduct of tile three men in a substantial manner. They will therefore place in the savings bank the sum of £50 for the use of Steel, a present of £20 for the guard, and £10 to the stoker. The directors had also deter mined to give to each of the men a silver watch, in which would be placed a suitable inscription. SnooRcIo CAsE.-An extraordinary case of atrocity has just been disclosed before the court of assizes of the Manche, a man hav ing been kept concealed, chained to a bed, for a period of forty years, by his own father first, and by a brother afterwards. In the year 1830 a farmer named Bouillaud lived with his wife and four eons-Charles, Jacques, Francois, and Julien-in the com mune of fRomagny. Julien, who was then twenty-two years of age, had shown some signs of a deranged mind, the result of a fright while walking out at night, and the father, to escape the trouble of guarding the young man, had him chained by the two wrists on a bed from which the son was never moved. The result of the captivity was, that Julien's limbs became at length completely paralysed from inaction, and he became a perfect idiot. The father died in 1852, having previously shared his fortune between the three other sons, on condition that Charles and Francois should each pay 200 f. annually for the wants of their bro ther, while Jacques was to board and lodge him. The unfortunate man continued chained to his bed until 1864, when, as he could no longer make any movement, the shackles were taken from him, but it was not till the present year that the facts came to the ears of the judicial authorities. A descent was made at the house, and Julien, now over sixty years of age, was found lying almost naked and in a miserable condition on a litter of straw, placed in a dark hole for concealment. Jacques Bouillaud being arrested, was now brought up for trial, and. pleaded in his defence that he had only con tinued a state of things commenced by his father. The jury returned a verdict of not guilty, and he was set at liberty. THE LATE FENIANr ItD. - Thorough quietness reigns on the Canadian border; the Fenians have dispersed to their homes, and the Canadians are withdrawing their troops. Nothing has yet been done with the Fenian prisoners on either side of the line. In the United States, such as could not procure bail, among them O'Neill, are still in gaol. The anathemas heaped upon the heads of their leaders by the deluded Fenians are both loud and deep, and have consigned the entire set of leaders to infamy. Money had to be sent to the borders to pay the expenses home of many of the Fonians, and the men from New York city owe their transportation to William M. Tweed, who paid their bills. The Fenians, however powerless they may be on the border, wield an immense influence as voters in New York city. The President refuses all requests made him to interfere for the liberation of the Fenian prisoners in Canada. The United States' troops have nearly all been with drawn from Malone and St. Albans. Prince Arthur has presented a stand of colours to the Canadian Volunteers at Huntingdon for their bravery in opposing the Fenians on the border. SuinooAL EXPERsIaENTs. - The Lancet, speaking of the transfer of a portion of the skin of a negro to the surface of a patient in one of our London hospitals, says :- .The following are the real facts of the case: Mr. Georgo Pollock, of St. George's Hospital, has been for the last two months repeating certain experiments performed by N. Rever din, an interne of the Oharitd Hospital, which seemed to show that a new. way of preventing those terrible deformities which result from the contraction of burns was open to the surgeon. M. Reverdin detached with a lancet a piece of epidermis three or four millimetres square-not the entire skin, be it observed-and transplanted this on to the raw granulating surface induced by a burn, keeping it in place by strapping and a bandage for a few days. Shortly the raw surface began to eicatrise, the healing spread ing away from the transplanted piece of skin as a centre. Mr. Polloclk, in repeating the experiment has already obtained most satis factory results of a similar kind; and, if so, NM. Rovordin has earned the gratitude of a numerous class of sufferers, in that he has found it possible to prevent, by a minor sur gical procedure, those frightful and often hideous contortions of the integuments which result from the contraction of the cicatrices following burns. Mr. Pollock did not ex periment " in order to solve the question whether a portion of the skin of a negro would, if applied immediately after excision to a raw surface of a white person, adhere in Taliacotian fashion, and, if so, whether dark discoloration would in consequence extend to the surrounding skin," but to determine which portion of the skin it was that was specially concerned in the development of now cuticle, with a view to perfecting the success of the operation. The negro skin is of such a nature, in consequence of the pre sonce of pigment in a particular portion, as to settle this question; and this will be well understood by all physiologists. A RWoAN's OCrAMPIONw.--Mrs. Olara Bal four in her novel, Our Own Fireside, thus insists on the value of her sex:--It is idle, with the scriptures before us, to argue the inferiority of woman from the fact of her sub ordination. If religion be the grand reality -the great end and aim of human life woman has over boon distinguished for her elevated faith. Her claims to equality in this primary matter admit of no disputo rest not on fooling or opinion, but upon the immutable basis of fact. In acts she has boon valiant, in moral endowments dignified, in faith unwavering. A woman saved the life of the infant destined to be the lawgiver of the Jews; a woman, Miriam, was asso ciated with him in his mission, and sang her chorus to his song; a woman, Deborah, judged Israol in a timo of great dangor, and delivered the nation out of its difficulties; a woman, Hannah, was permitted to be among the earliest prophesiers of the Mes siah's coming, and the very first to call Him by the hallowed name of Saviour; a woman, the Virgin Mary, was the first disciple-the first to demand from others unqualified obedience to the Redeemer; women min istered unto the Lord of their substance; women were faithful unto death in the hour of His mortal agony; women comprised a considerable portion of the first church of Jerusalem; a woman, Lidia, was the first convert of the first European church; a woman, Priscilla, was permitted to be an associate in teaching a purer doctrine to Apollos; a woman, Phoebe, was recognised by Paul as "a servant of the church;" women, throughout the whole apostolic age, were " ueccourers" of the saints, " fellow helpers " of the apostles in the gospel. These are solemn facts, not quoted to excite pride or a mean and injurious spirit of rivalry, but to deepen the conviction of responsibility to show that Christian womanhood has now, as in former times, a mighty work to per form ; that trivial pursuits, petty aims, neglected talents, are unworthy of her; that the exigencies of the present age have claims on her of no unimportant kind; and that, as spiritually descended from these sacred heroines, it is her duty to be " thoroughly furnished to every good word and work." Wherever there is ignorance, it is her duty to aim to improve it; wherever there is suffering, it is her privilege to alleviate it; wherever there is impurity, it is her preroga tive to destroy it. Childhood and youth look up to her for example; her erring and suffer ing sister-woman claims from her aid and sympathy. Man requires that she " open her mouth with wisdom," and on her tongue should be "the law of kindness." The church gathers around her and says, " be thou faithful unto death, and thou shalt in herit a crown of everlasting life." A cobbler belonging to the town of Ayr recently fell into the river and was with con siderable difficulty rescued. The usual restorative measures were adopted, including of course a decent quantity of brandy, which in his insensible state the knight of St. Cris pin absorbed in a remarkable manner. After a fourth glass of cognac had been poured down the cobbler's throat, a by stander observing that the poor fellow wore a pair of long Wellington boots, which to some extent impeded the bperations of the good Samaritans who had taken the case in hand, produced a knife, and was about to out the boots from the legs of the " drowned man." But this movement had an electric effect. Jumping to his feet, the cobbler roared "no, I'm - if ye'll cut the boots; they're no mine-they belong to a cus TIE RETORT INQlUISITIVE.-Dr. Hill, an Edinburgh professor of the last century, met in the suburbs of the city an inoffensive orea ture, who was generally regarded as an imbecile. Somewhat irritated by the crea ture's intrusion on the privacy of his walk, Dr. Hill said to him, "how long, Tom, may one live without brains ? " "I dinna ken," said Tom; " how lang hae ye lived yer eel?" Sar?Avrox.-We understand that a few cases of smallpox have appeared at Alder shott. As in France, this disease is of relatively rare occurrence in the military population, owing probably to the greater attention paid to vaccination among the troops. The practice of re-vaccination we regard as very important. In a document issued many years ago by the army medical department it was stated that of one hundred and seventy-four bearing more or less satis factory marks of vaccination, who were re vaccinated, 69 took the vaccine inoculation; and of 26 bearing marks of smallpox, no fewer than 11 also took it. ORIGIN OF THE WORD " NEms."-As news implies the intelligence received from all parts of the world, the very word itself points out its meaning. Even N., north, E., east, W., west, and S., south. Farther, Europe or the North has for a long period been the most enlightened, therefore has afforded the larger share of news; she re ceived both her existence and her first in formation from the east or Asia. America or the west was the next quarter who poured her treasures of information into the common stock; and the S. or 'Africa is also now sup plying her long deficiency. What an ex pressive word; can the above be correct? STRANGE COINOIDmENCOE.-A man residing in Dundoo has a son in America from whom he had not heard for seven years until recently, when he received a letter contain ing the intelligence that he had got married. The father had himself within the last few years married a second wife, who had also been previously married. Shortly after her first husband's death the brother of the deceased took one of the widow's daughters out to America along with himself and his wife, they having no family. It now turns out the son from whom the father has not heard has married the daughter of the widow whom the father had previously courted and married. A '(cUTE BARRISTER.-An American paper tells the following anecdote of a will case which recently made a sensation in court. The barrister was cross.examining a witneos, who was called to depose to the authenticity and formal execution of the testament, and extracted from him that he had witnessed the testator's signature, and had soon the docu ment sealed. "With red or black wax ?" "With red." "You say you saw the oeal affixed with red wax ? " "I did." "Whore was the testator at the time ?"' "In bod."' " How long was the piece of sealing-wax ?" "Between three and four inches." "Who handed it to the testator?" "I did." "Where did you take it from ? " " From a writing-desk on the table." "What was it lighted with?" "A bit of wax taper which I.took from the same place." "Wholighted the taper? " "I did with a match I took from the mantle-shelf." Hero the lawyer paused in his cross-questioning, and fixed his eyes on the witness, with his thumb on the sealof the will in dispute, recapitulated point by point the evidence just given, and asked him if it was correct. "Yes, sir." "Gentlemen of the jury," said the advocate, "I bog to inform you that the seal in ques tion is a wcafer !" A curious tale is told of a blunder on the part of a cab proprietor in Dundooee, who sent three mourning coaches for the purpose of conveying a marriage party to the minister's house. Cabby tlought the ceremony was to be a funeral. T'I' e MonviA?drnrDvonsel OAss.-Thlis case came before Lord Ponzance at chambers on June 21, in rospooet of £300 which had been paid into court by the 'petitioner, Sir Charles Mordaunt, and which the advisers of Lady Mordaunt, the respondent, were de sirous of appropriating to her maintenance. Mfr. Inderwick, on the part of the petitioner, contended the sum in question had been paid into court in the usual manner in such cases to meet]the costs of the wife, and it ought therefore to be appropriated for that purpose. After a brief argument, Lord Penzance stated that he considered the sum in question should be put to the amount of costs, and not of maintenance, and made an order accord ingly. GQ·n mA MLnrrurY Discrs??NE.-A cor respondent at Coblentz writes:--A painfal impression has been created hero by the following incident. Three soldiers of the line were undergoing a long period of'im prisonment in the fortress of Ehrenbroitstein for desertion. They had originally'deserted at Saarlouis, and crossed: the frontier :iit . France; but, on the persuasion of"th families, had surrendered themselves to their regiment. Their term of punishment was seven years, of which only sixmonths had expired. Finding their lives, as is asserted, insupportable, they determined to drown themselves on the first favourable' oppor tunity as a preferable fate. A few days ago they were employed on the Carthause, the fine plateau which separates the Rhino from the Moselle, and it seemed a fitting moment to attempt their rash enterprise. One sentry alone was in charge of 'them, and he witnessed their flight. He immediately fired and brought one victim down dead, the bullet having passed through his head. With extraordinary saeig froid and determin ation he loaded a second time, and again fired with fatal precision; the deserter fell dead, pierced through the heart. ' Once more loading he fired at the third fugitive, and the bullet passed completely through his body, inflicting frightful injuries to his intestines. The unfortunate man was brought to the military lazaretto in Coblentz, where he lies in a hopeless condition. In military circles this sad catastrophe is re garded as a fitting retribution for a grave breach of 'discipline, a view of the case not altogether shared in by the civil portion of the community. One thing is certain, the needle-gun' in the hands of a good marks man is a sure and terrible weapon. "I'm afraid you don't like babies when they cry," said a matron to a gentleman, 'as she tried to soothe the darling in her arms. " 0 yes," said he, " I'like them best when they cry, because I've always observed that then they are invariably carried' out of the room." CirEATING TE UNDERTAKrER.-It is 6so very seldom that a man dies and comes to life again a short time afterwards that when a startling fact 'similar to this does occur it is generally worth chronicling. It seems that a man named Samuel Talbot, a laborer, residing at Colao, Victoria, becoming- sid denly indisposed, the services of Dr. Rae were called in, and after the usual medical inspection the man was ordered to bed, and the doctor departed to obtain the necessary remedies. While away a message was sent to him that Talbot had suddenly shuffled off his mortal coil; and believing the statement to be true, though somewhat surprised, he drew out the necessary cotificate stating the cause of death. The friends of the sup posed deceased man immediately took the necessary steps for the funeral, the under taker and the registrar of deaths having been informed of the mournful event, and no doubt chuckling at the thought that business in their line was looking up. 'In the house where Talbot was laid "straight out-upon his bed," were gathered a number of women, and mourning and lamentation could be heard, the friends weeping for the poor man, and would not be' comforted. When lo! Talbot opened his eyes and stared around him with marvellous surprise at the scene. which was being enacted in his house. Of course the women screamed and covered their faces, forming all manner of thoughts about ghosts; and it was afterwards found that Talbot had merely swooned away and had been in a sort of trance for a number of hours. The undertaker was compelled to desist making the coffin, the registrar des troyed his certificate, and the doctor indulged himself with a hearty good laugh. The joy of the friends can, of course, be better imagined than described.-Colao Observer. George Dyer, the man who has been charged upon his own confession' with hav ing murdered George Wilson at the Loddon gold diggings, Victoria, is, we understand on inquiry, still in custody in London. 