The flBciimcnical Council. (OOHTrNUED 7110M TAGE 4.) It Is rather singular ton, that almost all tbo blshofB who livo in Protestnnt countries are much more ilavish in their attnchinont to the Papacy, and much more generally Bide with tho Pope at tho presunt crisis, than those of Catholic countries* The reason of that is, I apprehend, that tho fi rnier aro'mnch more under the control of the Papal court thon tho latter. They are directly undor the 'Propaganda' at Rome, wbero all the mnin appointments nro mndo and the mnin movements originated nnd controlled. It is not so in Catbolio countries. Tbe Government havo much to do with ecclesiastical appointments, and generally tbo Pope and the King or Kuipcror conclude an agreement called a Concordat, in which the Stato grants certain privik'gus on certain conditions. In no Catnolic country can tbe bishops or clergy read from their pulpits, a Bull of tho Pope without the Government giving its sanction, — e.g.: the Epiperor of the French prohibited all the bishops of Franco from reading the Syllabus from their pulpits. In this I believe he was justified by the Concordat ho concluded with Rome before. But in tho Unitod States of America and in Groat Britain, the bishops could read a Bull from the Pope every Sunday ;and holiday, if they thought fit, and tho Government would never interfere. They get nothing, ' and consequently expect nothing' In a Catholic country if a bishop happens to quarrel with tbe Pope on' any matter, and cbnnces to get tbe protection of tbo civil power, he may set Hia Holiness at defiance for a time; but if one in a Protestant state does the same he is left to his fate f nobody will take bim hy tho hand. This occonnts in somo measure for tbe slavish obedience which most of onr British bishops tender to the insolent dominion of the Papacy. There aro two honorable exceptions to this stnto?of things, if not among the bishops, at least among tho clergy of Britain, viz., Dr. Newman and Mr Ffoulkes, who were brought up in tbe Ohurch of Englandi Dr. Newman, since tho death of Cardinal Wiseman, is unqestionably the ablest defender of Romanism in Britain. I have not read any of his works Bihce I left college | but then I was ranch Btruck with bis marvellous controversial skill. Beyond anyone I almost ever read he bad the power of making black look white. Some years ago he eaid that since he entored the Church of Rome, be had reached a safe and secure harbor; and lying safely at anchor, he looked ont with pity and compassion upon his Protestant brethron driveu about on a tempestuous sea withont a compass, I wonder whether he thinks bo has now got into troubled waters again At all events he is eaid to have declared recently that tbe present dogma is an attempt of an ' insolent faction.' Next to Dr. Newman, Mr Ffoulkes is porbaps tbe most distinguished of tho English perverts. He has published several works ; one on the ' Crown in Council,' in wLich he deals some heavy blows to the Papal Court. Ho Bays to Archbishop Manning — ?' Therefore, my Lord, 1 find this conclusion inevi' tabid, that wbethor absolutely inerrant or' not in matters of faith, Rome has abundantly proved during the last 1000 years, that she can be a most negligent, hesitating, fickle, Belf-seeking, bypooritical guide to others, even where the faith is concerned * : ? ? Of all Councils that were ever hold, I suppose there never was one in which hypocrisy, duplicity; and woi Idly motives played a more conspicuous or dis graceful pert than in that of Florence,' Mr Ffoulkes was taken to tbe task for his sayings; his case brought before the Roman Court; that Court called upon him to retract, through the Atohbishop, to whom he replied—' You must bave felt in your own mind, there was not one in a thousand of your educated countrymen over likely to accede to a com promise of this description. I pitied your Grace from the heart, in having to be tho instrument of a C'ouit officially styled Holy, whose absorbing idea seemed to bo that of its own consequenoe, and its least concern tbe interests of those in whose behalf it profossed to ct' Yon mBy well ask why did Mr Ffoulkes join the Church of Romo ? Ho now admits that he derived as much good in the Church of England as in the one be has joined j and that thu Arohbishop himself was as good a man when archdeacon of that church, as be is now s rather better, Mr Ffoulke's thinks. What does Mr Ffoulkes say for himself — ' But until I had actually been received into communion with Rome, it WaB my own impression, and I was assured by tbo members of the Church of Rome over and over again, that I could never judge of her system fairly.' Such was his reason: and you will all agree with me, that it is a very weak one. Ho neglocted to act upon the old adage. '? Look before you leap.' If an in telligent man, well versed in history, eould act thus, what can we think of the reasons of hundreds of clergymen, and ladieB of rank, who havo gone over to Rome those few years back I If tbey were not obstinately blinded by prcjudico, tbe doings and dis cuasions of this Counoil would bo sufficient to open their eyes. - How will tho Council end ? we need care very little: Can we believe that whatever its decision may bo, it wili proceed from tho Holy Ghost ? An assembly, where proper freedom is denied — whero no subject can be introduced without consent ol the Popes advisers] and where tbe bishops are prevented from meeting privately together for consulting on these matters; wbioh is under the dictation of men who betray such ignorance of tbe rules of free discussion, or if not ignorance, inveterate determination to violate them at every step— can we believe it is acting nnder tbo inspiration of the Holy Ghost? Let him believe who can. It is often brought as a reproach against ProtestantB that they aro split up into innumerable sections j and that division is the necessary effect of tbe exercise of private judgment. Tbe are evils inoident to our divisions, but not so grout as to the opposite side; Ton thousand times rather tbe freedom and vitality ef Protestantism, with ail her divisions, tban the slavory and torpor of Catholicism,, notwithstanding her boastad unifoimity. Yet there is mrro real nnity among : Protestants tban in the Roman Catbolio Church. If this council does nothing .elBe, it manifest* this. We aro all heartily united as to tbo inle of faith ; but they arc divided as to the coat of iufalli bility. They claim to be infallible; and if we ask who is.infalliblo? somo reply, the Pope ; some, a general council ; and others both combined. Beforo tho wholo of Christendom this council proclaims by its division that. the boasted unity of Romo is an empty name. With tbe leading, most talontcd, and moBt influential bishops and theologians of France and Germany opposed to tho policy of tho Popo, we luay woll say, ' First cast tho beam out of thine own eye, then shalt thou she clearly tojcaBt tho moto out of thy brother's eye.'' ? Let' us hold fast our liberty and firmly defend the truth committod to our care. Instoad of an infallible visible head, wo havo still the Holy Ghost aiding all sincere enquiries after truth. With full reliance upon His promised aid, lot us stud)- our groat chart, and, directing our course in accordance therewith, wo shall ho infallibly guided to the gates of Heavon, and shall pass into that ' happy laud, where all tho noise, and bustle, and debate of tho Church below havo for ever diod away, and wlioro colostiol joy aud poaco shall reign for over and over. Old Nbwspapebs.— A Iriend has kindly lent. us. two volumes of old Sydney Gazettes the oldest' of : which bears date 4th January, 1807,' and' consists of a single half-sheet of foolscap paper of tho coarsest 'kind, in looking through those papers there is muoh to amuse, and .considerable light is thrown upon tbe early history aud the manners and ouBtoms of the coloniBts, Tbe prico of; bread or ' assize 'of bread' as it is termed,, used to bo fixed weekly by' the authority of tbe govornmont, The following are given as the prices current in Sydney on 8th March. 1807: — Tea, 6s* per ounce ; sugar. Is. 6d por lb j rioe, 6d per lb; fresh butter 6s. per lb; fresh beef and pork, 2s. per lb; mottou, Is lid, per lb ; salt beef 15d 18 por lb ; salt pork, 2s, per lb ; English soap 2s. to 2s. 6d. per lb ; colonial soap, Is. to Is. 6d. per lb; white thread 14d, coloured 9d to 10 per skein, spirits, £3 to £3 10s. per gallon ; porter 14b. per gal. port-wine 10s, per bottle; tobacca, 20s to 24s per lb; men's bats 2 to 3 guineas each; ooarso white calicoes, 5s. por yard ; and linen cloths .of all kinds scarce. — ' Goulburn Herald.' . Holloway's Ointment and Piils, — Premature Declino — Tho unwary and ; thoughtless may Bave th-mselves a sea of fnturo troubles by. an early rccoorso to these excellent curatives All blotches fiom whatover cause arising, all enlargements of tho glands wherevoi situated, iri itating sores,' and debilitating discharges, may bo safely and certninly cured by employing Holloway's Ointment and Pills, in accordance with tho instructions wrapped round eaob pot and box No timidity need deter tbo woukest from applying to these restoratives wbioh exert the threefold qualities of purifying, regulating, and repairing without disturbing the stomach, annoying tho nervous system, or rendering confine ment to tbe house . necessary, Holloway's medicaments will stem the source of many mala^iest W&ioh;,; wbwn WgteotwJi perpoi«iat« misery, ^Bobdbbt under Abhb.— At~ thn n-'l.. Court, on the 27th ultimo, J,llnu8 p®1'1™ Cullen wore charged with robbery uDd„rVnJ Will 21st- imtant nt the house of Jnnj0B p ,ni''«iil!tK River. Cullen is a lutchor; 11 Nab I'00, 'ill ® come out of gaol after serving a tontc ,,?^,,C!t!! H for horse stealing. In tho o'vidmn i the ' Burthuist Timos.' tbe facts bolo'/.n'^ ? '- Ei nddueed. Jam'.'s Pearson, a farmer nt ih ''iBPl about throe or four miles from O'ConSoll P|5'IK» that he. km w tho prisoner M^Nab ? h./i. ! sir-co ho was a littlo toy. and I'?' fo Bister- did not know the prisoner CnTen'.1'11' llmrsdoy nigh', about 7 or 8 o'olok 00 ''t silting down in his honse, ju.t att!., , 1 »'i Harrow his two sons, and l'eter Davi, P'1' also, and they wero all sitting at tbo tuM 'l'i kiioohed ot the door and said' i0m,ii!- ' M'Nab; knew him by his voieo; he walked in and said, 'Bail up, and d„W -^l hands; turn yonr heads to the fire alUf !l' man with M'Nab Btood at the door with n' ll- bund ; M'Nab said ' Bail up, let l 3 h ' „?t,tkl»l) shenauycum b ? tricks^ he witness, 'Hold down your bead, you h- ' m ''1|1 or I'll give you a pill,' at the Borne 'tim«°. W pistol at witness ; wont down on ono H''''!1 one band over bis faco, but ho ttato.hnft as well as he con.d ; at this time the second * I entered the house ; tbe other men at ibo i down on ' tho ground on their faces!® V11 i went and took witness's Biuglc barrelled »n» fi'' I wooden ramrod, which liad been mad» u !l 1 witness's boys ; told M'Nab not to take th. * 1 was of no use .tohim, nnd ho told witnP1 , 1',lli| m op;' M'Nab then (old hia nJQ S ^ 1 Pearson, one of witness b sons ; saw il'vA J ffll hand into the boys pocket; the tnn wf'1.1' I something over their faces ; it was likBr,., ? I M'Nabs mate next searched witness 1 ovor him' with his pistol; before nilV. I i searohed fie had six pound notes in his docm '!f | threw them to ono side of the hut will, \ '{v1 $ seen by either of tho two mon ; had i h fr? ^ 1 bis pocket ; but it was not tuksn ; after a -Z' I witness tho othor mon were eearolicd h„ uft ¥? mate, M'Nab still holding tbe pi8tn] Y '),V| I men, Joseph Davis, had « in his podJV. u ^ two mon did not fiud it ; after they wcVe all SI '£ .Mw»aVs'l? ? ll;o,n '?? r- by °n°' ^ ra I ?? What did he (meaning Ins mate) take f/oni - % and in each instance the reply was ? Nothing, M then said' It is a d - strango thing X.,1. | money has gone to; I know you had money fc I while ago; 1 have been watching you a in„„ I1 & and I will have the b ? money before Ikm? I pIsco; ho said to witness 'What liavo von '4 I with your monoy ? .Witness replied that hs diltl ^ carry his money with him. ond that he led 2 S Edward Locke; prisoner then said ' I'll Loci. ki», !' M'Nab and bis mate went into the other mJI iK took aomo things j M'Nab banded tiiemifli I other man, saying ?? tako them. :tbey will benief=L- 1 and marched thorn, ono at a time into thsbedm. K telling his mate to saddle up ; he shot tbe btdroohS I them; M'Nab said to his mote JOa 2 fe and saddle up. and I ' will' keep ,J' j§ over, these,. . shortly after this JLNab ,2 | out, taking the. candle with him, closing tbs lit- I door after him ..and fastening it, ao that the t- ^ could not get out except by the windew : ahontBn P minutes after tho two men loft they cameitt oil'. bedroom, and witness put his little boy thronrttti window ; couM not seo tho face of either meo Iti H swore to M'Nab by his voice and the way in whicbl P ttood; he had on a dark coat,: white nolnii 8 trousers, and a cabbagotree hnt, or something likii' P tbe man that was with M'Nab appeared to witneuJ % be not quite so tall as M'Nab, bot much 'stonier. {! k not hear tho second man speak; lie had oVcrh'a ® what witness took to be a cost withorit uleeies.'iii H dark trousers s milar to those now oa the pti'sctB *t! Cullen; tbe height and build of Cullen ccwespoiitl ^ with the man who was with M'Hstfat Hiti.eui. 'M. could not say what kind'of hat he wore ; did ij M hear M'Nab address bis mate by name; the P refetrod to seemed like a horso-pistol; something Sh Hi '?bat produced; it wos not a revolver; had not M M'Nab nse the word ' sheuanycum' before lli ® occasion in question, nor. any . one else; :fiye mib ffil before tbe robbery, the prisoner JI'Nab iruitiici Ik with witness, and he kuew the latter had money, b jfj he saw it with witness; about ten minutes olitrti £ two men left, witness missed a number ol thitji; I swore positively to M'Nab's voice, but not ta tlj 1 man. A large nnmbor of .articles woro stolen fa | the house by prisoners, nnd all these goodnui I found by the police at the house of a Mis Diiii.ii f Stewart-stioet, whero both prisoners were loigiij J There was strong corroborative, evidence astolba I facts by other witnesses; but, at the request dill j| police officer iu charge of tho case, a remaiiiu 1 granted, with a 'view to take additional evidence, g DROWNED THROUGH INTEMPERANCE—From the Tweed River we hear, by the local correspondent of the 'Clarence Examiner," 28th Ultimo, that John Pollock, a farmer, residing on the middle arm of the river, met his death by drowning on the 10th ultimo. It appears that the deceased on the day named, pre- ceeded down the river to purchase some stores, when he took some spirits to drink at Myer's and on leav- ing for home, he carried more spirits with him in the boat in bottles, and when about three-quarter of a mile from where he started, he was observed by a party near by at the time, to fall out of his boat in to the river. The party at once pulled to the spot, to endeavour to rescue him, but be was never seen to rise after he went down. The body was recovered on Sunday evening by aid of drags. Pollock, was was a native of the North of Ireland, was formerly a resident of the Williams River. He leaves a wife and four children to lament their loss. Killed by a Falling Thee. — AmonnamedJtli | Watts, a' native' of Sydney, ono ef two engagtdiil | contract job, and fencing and burniDg ofl timbeiil | '.tl.lladulla, for J. V. Wnrebam, same by bis vio!e:l | death in the' circumstance bribfly dejeribed « A large treo was on firo close to the pltce wberedi men were working, and \\\att's malo seeing it itih called upon deceased .to run away/: Watts; . who' at tho time picking up wood to feed 'the'fire.imiKi ately ran undor another large treo, alongside sbiu 'the burning one quickly fell, with.a tremendous w4 fracturing bis skull, fore arm and shoulder, Judw locating his neck; He died immediately upon btitj removed to tho Honae,—' Berald.' ? ? ? The ''Champion, Race of 300 Yabds.— Hewlltui Harris, ou coming to tboBtartingpost.bothappeiitl to be in excellent, condition, and tho friends oftw wero apparently equally confident of the ioccaijj their man Tho. race, howovor, though particulirj unsatisfactory .to the- backers of Barns, was to pointing to all. An excellent start was obtained,!: both mon went Off together at a 'rattling pace. nearly a third of tho distance' thoy were on OT even tormsi'Whdn Harris made .an effort;,and *H slightly to the 1 front. ' He continued to lead about 200 yards had boon run, when Hemtt iJcreBj his pace, passed him and won easily. When flesiu breasted tlio ribhon ho was anly.tj couploofyai o advance of Harris, but if he hnd liked he conldb t increased tho diat'onco .'a&nsiderably;' lomirdi' close of the race ho perceptibly slackonei- tisjU, ' glancing ovor hiB shoulder irqn^rtira^ to observe the progress Harris wasmaking/sndt tp=l all tho .time well within his strength. He waiqiS fresh at tho do'so'of tlio raco.'but.Ilarrii ojipM^ bo a good deal distrosscd. if the time take 1 H. C. A- Harrison bo correct-viz JOJ MwdJ-u trial must havo been a-severo ono, hut,.tho-ami| ol Mr' 'Harrison's calculation is ^nestienei j course was rathei;heavy,andtberaconaspract« over after it had been two thirds run, and J j time givdnbyMf'Harrisoh'is m'drt tbnn fhree aecoaJ loss than tho time occupied in runmng .o todto :on the Melbourne-Cricket, Giouud, which seconds' - Tho disappointment, at tho eafly J which the race ' was won was fjencral. aud I notwithstanding his apparent distress at tM C .the race, -was obaiged by some with ^ „ his best. Iu this race Mr N. R- D. Bond startor. and Mr E. T. Barnard as judgo. A Noble Request.— At the Sittings of . of England synod of the ? l.ocese ot Newca i» lordship the bishop of Newcastle a nounc^ ([( willingness, to bequeath, at the end o J y sum of £10.000 as the nucleus of for the clergy of the £300 per annum was riiiaed dunng-tho C' Jititl throughout tbo diocese: Any failure of , would lorfoil.tho. bequest. It was reselre ogg tbogonorousofforofhls ordsh.p andavotooli was uurtnimoHslj passed to 1,0 ?'9, flg„d E0 mGcbt( wbo has devoted bo muoh , attention and Bp his private fortune to church purposes, K| Stbay HiiBses on tub ItAtLw.Of B nesday night, as tho .11 30 p.m. 'ra^n b ll ,|,tlcs,i from Sydney wna noaring the Homoou . shock was felt by aoaie of the PB'0U8e| D the esgi:' proceeded a littlo beyond the ^'lon. wli B was stopped, and the guard wentdoiTnt , ascertain the cause of the eoncuss w tbnt three horses had 'trayed o „ 0f tbeeDim'i ?into contact witb the locoinoti - thoott(ri waj so seriously injured tlut i ltd dedl[J wore* seriously hurt. The train then F^np(. landed the Par ram at t» paSM0gt*s»« / , , c The'ArBOS or Monday gin* the Spjiitiiio. n0Wg._Ag ailUal ou the follow'!? f thowoist,ts for the Melbourne Cup, pubhca'iou o oonaidur„bIo of grumbling miners and baokers of those horses that are by tho own ^ fea w()ll ,Dt uid (ho ai.gllinflnt8 n0t C°U usod against tho woights in pai ticular generally u onao8 o(jt of ton baBed upon instances a horsos when out of conditu-n. 41,0 rU!»n only o'e real test of tho merits of a 'Ib8i'?n n and that is, tho raoo itself- InBtapeoB banaioiPt wanti„g ot' late, whon an animal £an!vea t' b0 handicapped out of the race has b Ud an oa«y winner, while nny backor of horses provod an e j mota) cortBintioB on papor aro ^T rt in tho race. Tho betting market, which is rCft „ fair test of public opinion, has not undergone nTery Inlffos sinco the publication of tho weights. S?nh°,t offer that oan bo obtsinod about tho Duko P Mnntrose is 10 to 1. whilo the Wook beforo his U°° tGO to 5, but it muBt be remembered that P'!00.'' ' was fast coming into publio tavour before tj,n horso th(j BaliarBt division having tb0,W. Mm to a large extent a few days before. Jn -nr is a-60 considered leniontly treated, his 'n tioioR u°w 15 tol. Sir John is at the same Pr! Rnth th«8e horaos wore the weok before P.'i°mtn3 Milosian, who is oonaidored by many to tl hAdlv treated, baa not receded in the betting, his fc -..ii 20 tol, ho is, in fact, rather firmer than he pr a1 he Monk has suffered moat from tbe handicap, W'inn to 3 ianow ofleied against bim without S'ilnir ^anV acceptara. Detective has b.en well finding any 2 Uiat oonI(1 be got having rLP°Iaken, and all the money has been taken Unut Strop 't tho Bamo Prioe- ?'«r0 19 flca'ai!^ ft L»inoss done about Tim Wbiffler, as ' ho is 8Dnarall v consideied a doubtful starter. Cotberstone '..backed on Saturday at 1000 to 10 A ,;/inr«hle amount of buBinoss has been dono on SooliUu. Tim Wbiffler boing still first r mirite at 7 to 1. Little Dick, Mosolle, and Earl ?Hnw at 10 tol. tbe latter being tho strongest. All ihn monev about Oroydon has been taken at ICO to i narbollo at 100 to 6, and Florence at 100 to 5, l;„ boen strongly aapported. Juanita has also S'' backed at tho latter price. The long odds of cao in 1 offered on tbe double event, his tompted a mS miny to speculate, Tim Wl.iffl.r boing tho nat freouentlv taken for the Metropolitan. 'niiM «r Mb. James Mbin LoDKE.-Many will ta .nmrised and grieved to hear of tbodoatbofMr J0,. P [ Ouiii. d:, Li vol p Pol Plains, a gontleman well L°own t3g'°'' th0 colony- and hielily respected. iinnoearB (says tho Tam worth Examiner of the 25th r.liimo} that be bad beon aiUng for some weeks, but S'i'e on apparently strong active man, and in tho Soflifo.it waa believed he might ultimat.lv nnovr An unfoitunato turn, however, sot in on tutnrdav last, and it was then apparent that bo could not last long, wbicb proved to be the case, as death °niued on Mondoy- The. funeraUook place laat Thursday and the remains were attended to their mat roatinc p'.ace by a large ooncouraa of relations ind friends, wno bad hastened to pay the last tribute nf resnect to one who in ovory relation of life had endeared himself to them. The doceaEod was a very old resident of this diitriot. having lived at Quinndi for fully a quarter of a century, and had from the moment bo came into possession of bis station nrooerty so acted as to secure tho goodwill of his neighbors of ovory olass to o degree seldom accorded to those in his position. Pos sened ef ample meaDS, he dispensed hia hospitality to persona in all grades of life, in a roally princely manner, and we venture to assert that no man ever feft his door without having bis present necessities, amply proridtd for. The deceased was, in tbis respect a splendid specimen of tho old school of flquatters, now unhappily rapidly disappearing. When tbe present Land laws came into operation, oohke many of his squatting bretheion, he hailed the presence of tho free selectors on his ruins as an oraeo of tbo colony's progress, and ho was often beard to declare that through the facility with which lie secuied labour at tbe busy times of tbe year, the selectors were worth to him £200 per annum. With thete people ha worked most hartooniou»ly. and the rosult was there was not asoltler on tho run who would not bave gone through— to use his own language— ' fire and water' foi him. In every work of charity bo was a most liberal contributor, and tho residents - f Wallabadah w.ill for a long time miss the generous fpon-handed liberality of tbe debased. Such are a few of the characteristics of ttie late Mr James Mein Lodor, whose death will be a source of sincere regret to all who ever bad the pleasure of his poqiiaintaace. Flood Safety Rait.— A model of a simple ond yet ingenious flood satety raft has been constructed by Mr Mills, of Newtown. The rait which tho model is designorl to represent is intended to afford a ready means of Bafety from the floods, and alao to afford a temp^riry residonoe till tlie waters Bubside. Boats and punts may do very well if constantly seen to, but after a long drought, when tha rains come, nnd the waters cover the land, they aro likely to become leaky and unfit to float. Every house is supposed to have the means of storing water, and for that purpose galvanized tanks or cylinders aro generally employed, and which must necessarily at all times be kept tight. The ruft. therefore, consists of two such cylinders, which may bo constructed of le-s diameter but of greater length than they generally are, and, to facilitate speed in sailing, one or both ends may be ronodud or senioaliy shaped. Tbe platform is easily constructed. It consists ol two or three oroaa beams, to which are fixed chucks whioh are to rest firmly on the cylinders. Running lengthways, two sides and one oentro spar rest on tho croaa beams, tbe inter vening spaces being filled up by lighter pioceB a few inches ara't. Tbe whole of tbo framework is then firmly bound tigothor by a chain or strap of iron passing round the end. The chain or strap bein« attached to a screw -bolt passing through each corner of the platform and firmly sarewed down by a doable banded nut. When it fouud neoossary to form the raft tho wator in tbe tanks is allowed to run out, tbe tap well aucu ed, and tho platiorm laid on piece by piece, In a few minutes it is toady to float at the flood's risj, and fitted to oarry several |ior-ona with sufficient p ovisions as well as a portion of tlieir goods. Tbe iafi might also bo employed to cross rivers either by sails or oars, rowlock pins being fixed in tho side boam-. It necessary, mats or a light flooring might bo laid over tbo spars, and then a tent erected, thus forming for a time a comfortable lodging. A small kodge anchor attached to a strong line wonldjenable the tenants to seloct any spot to bold on, free from drift-wood and other d ngors After the waters havo Bubsided the tanks could be taken to thoir former stand, and placed ou the obuokg to do double duty in atoring water ; each part of thu plitform boing carefully stowed away till again required. The id«a of, such a raft has been sug gueitcd to Mr Mills by the South Sea double canoe, which is so constructed, carrying immense numbers with a sail fifty or Bizty feet high, and lu a strong wind Bailing at tho rate of twenty miles an hour. — ?Herald,' Seeioob Accident to a Somnambulist, — On the morning of the 20th April, a singular case of som nambulism ocourred in Churoh-Btroet, Bromley. Matthew Woods, a railway employee, had gone on a visit to his brother residing thero, and went to bed on the previous night at a late hour, At about 4 o'clock the brother was awakened by a sound which he fancied prooecded from an attempt to break into the house, but on rising from his bed ho missed bis brother, and observed a small window at the end of the room altogether removed, and on proceeding to tlio yard he found the young man ou tbe ground, cold *1- rons»-lo. he width of the aperture through which ho had got was barely 16 inches, and the height from which he fell was 20 feot. The unfortunate man Was found to have sustained a facture of tho skull end other injuries, but hope were entertained of his re Corery, Tbe QSSeumeuical Council. Tho following Icoturo was reoentiy delivered in tbo Prpabyterian Church, Kiama. by the Rov. John Kinross, B.A. and polished in tho Jndeptn ®s7itond Pilbt, from whioh fro now take it : — — The degreo of interest which men toko in any i . Hivfin subject, ia not alwayB in proportion to its importance. It often happens that a community is intensely exoited by a matter that will have very little influence to their happiness in this life or tbe next ; whereas matters of grave import arc but seldom discussed, and encage but a small share of attention. Much of this arises from tbe fact that thero is a great diversity of taste among meD. Many confine iheir attention to a vc.-iy limited number of subjects, and anything beyond their narrow sphere is not possessed of the slightest interest. What is taking place in their own little world — the births, deaths, marriages,— , , common gossip — is all the mental food they live ? ' .upon ; and church and state may go to wreck or ruin for anything they care. Some again widen their sphere a little, and Bean very minutely those dreary columns of the newspaper wbioh ohronicle the state of the money market, and the price of wool and butter. Others take a keen interest in politics or science ; lut most of these classes are ' opt to regard religious questions with 'feelings bordering upon contempt. If the importance of the subject is to be tbe gauge by which we are to measure our interest ther«in, there is none that \- can be named in the same breath with religion. It is true that, of many of the fieroe disputes that have arisen respecting |it, we might say, that it ' ' would be of very little consequence, which way they are decided. But this is nothing moro than can bo said of any subject, At first sight it may seem to be of no moment for the prosperity of a ?? country what ministry is in office — who is to be elected for this district and who who that— bow ; much this salary ia to be inoreased, and how much ? ? ? - that is to be reduced ; and because it is so, some :;r .take no interest in such things. If almost every body were to be of this opinion and act in this ' manner, the active minority would have it all thoir own way. So in religion, there are many questions that seem to have little influence on human life or happiness ; but it betokens great . want of discernment to affirm that, therefore we are to take no interest in tbem. Many speak slightingly of religious disputes, simply because they know nothing about them — neither, tho prinoipleB involved nor the oonsequences that may follow. It behoves all who pass their self-oonceited judgments on religious affairs, to make themselves acquainted with tho principles, real or .supposed, involved in, it may be, a trifling dispute. But what has all this to do with tho (Ecu menioal Cpiinoil. Although each may take an interest in the affairs of his own church, what have we Protestants to do with those of the Church of Rome? That Pius IX should summon an assembly of venerable Bishops, Arohbishops, and Oardinals, for the purpose of deliberating on his infallibility my seem, at first sight, to be an event in which wo have little or no concern. Bat ii ought to be borne in mind that tbe decisions of : this Counoil will exert a powerful influence over a large number of human beings. . The Pope of Home is tbe head of achuich whiohnumbern more ? . two hundred millions of adherents, .and- these belong to almost' every nation and tribe under heaven. Barbarian as well as civilised pwn hia sway. ? The '-'great majority of that nation, to .. . ? whioh by universal consent, ia assigned the -^leadership of fashion, is still Catholic; and by her ' 'arms help to keeps Pius in his ohair. The f 'Empire of Austria, notwithstanding some signs of ' liberal tendenoies, is subject to the Roman See. Italy and Spain, though much changed from of old, are still to bo reckoned among Catholic countries. The great majority .. of our fellow Subjcots' in Ireland; a rapidly increasing minority of those in England ; and nearly a tbird of our own fellow colonists, profess the same faith, f , They are doubtless looking on with considerable interest; and tho reeult arrived at, will not be . ; without its influence upon them. ! Again, this Counoil is possessed of additional . : . interest from tbe faot that such an assembly is a rare event in the history of the world. It is an V (Ecumenical, and not a Diocesan, or Provincial, ' ' or National Council. Tbe word ' (Ecnmenioal ' ? is, as many of you are aware, of Greek origin, ?ana has .much the[aame meaning as ' Catbolio ' or 'Universal.' Literally it signifies ' inhabited ;'? nnd when joined with the Greek word for earth, X- ? ? denotes the whole inhabited world. The clergy , (Of a diocese presided over by their bishop, would ',if 'form a diooeaan. synod; the.. bishops of a province assembled under the presidency- of an archbishop or metropolitan, would form a provincial synod — e,g. Archbishop Polding might summon together all tho bishops of Australasia, and those thus toot, might be said to form a provincial synod. But ? when the Pope summons his bishops, not only of one' province,; but of all provinces'; not of one nation, but of all the nations in Europe. Asia, Afrioa.'and America, it is called 'general' or *' (Ecumenical.' ? ? '. It must have been an imposing sight to witness the procession of bishops on their way to the * great cathedral of Rome ; but bow, it must bave thrilled tbo heart of tbo aged Pontiff (now four _ score years) whon from undor tho lofty dome of St. Poter's, he)saw before him nearly 800 bishops, arohbishops, cardinals, &o.; — most of them venera ????l ble from their years, some distinguished for their, abilities, all claming to be tho successors of the _ ? Apostles, and the representatives of his church on ?&' earth ; and be himself presiding over them all as 'v ' tbeVioar of Christ. There have been only somo 18 or 20 CEoumeni i cal Councils since the death of the Apostles; and the last was that of Trent which was' opeued on tbe 13th December, 1545— moro than 300 yoara i ? . ago. Somo may think that our lot has fnllen in a ?\ . ' . very happy poriod, Bince neither our fathers nor our great grandfathers wero honored to see the day of tbe universal gathering of Mitred Beads in' Romh WhdlbdirHia 'Holiness Is by this time | congratulating himBelf on bis happy stars, admits | of serious doubt. This wo may assert, however, that nover before in the history of the Christian world has there been such a number of bishops and higher dignitaries assembled together. In the first Council, that of .Nice, when met in 325, and which drew up the Nicono Creed, thero were only 318 bishops ; at that of Constantinople, only 150 : and at Tront the number was under 300 ; so that now at Rome there was nearly three time as many as there wore at Trent iu 1545. If is interesting to note the following differ, ence At lrant thero woro '* Italian bishops' 187— now ot Rome 276. French ? ' 26— ' Knglish ' 1— ' 85. Spanish ' 31 — ' 41, This is sufficient to show that thero has been no decline in the number of the Hierarchy Binco then, j whatever changes in other respects may have oomeover tbo Papaoy. Then, ibe new world' was but coming into the light. The Pilgrim Fathers, ' tho founders of the great American ' Republio, were not yet born ; but now in 1870, 54 bishops have crossed the Atlantic to take their places side by side, with those of the Kingdoms and empires of tho wholo world. Our peaoeful times, and our rapid and pleasant modes of con veyance htvo doubtless allowed many more to be present than otherwise would have been. But still the Pope needs something moro to support him than the presence of 800 venerable bishops, however peaoeful and loving they may bo. Former Popes have had armies at their back, and a strong arm of oivil power to lean upon. Phillip II. of Spain, 'who fitted out an immense armada for the destruction of the. English heretios and sent his armies for the extirpation of Protestant ism in the Netherlands, deolaredthat ' be would rather not reign at all, than reign over heretics.' j I fear there will never be another king of Spain who will perform similar servioes for Pius ' IX\ Henry II. of France, and his queen Catherine' de Mediois, were zealously devoted fo:tbe interests of tho churoh ; and so generally at that period were the German emperors.' In those days Protestantism was comparatively feeble. The princes, kings, and emperors, expected to suppress it by stringent measures. I~ imagine tbey have but. slender hopes of doing so now. As regards wealth, honour, influence, and prosperity, the two parties have .changed . sides sinoe then. Three hundred years make a great difference on the face of sooiety'and ia the government of nations. Another reason why wo ought not to allowlthis assembly to pass off.without considering its olaim s arises from the faot that the Pope himself, in the Bull he issued (or the summoning of tbo Council, addressed tbo Protestant and Greek churches, urging tbem to put their souls no longer in jeopardy by rafusing to submit to tbe head of the Holy ' Catbolio Churoh. If all the Protestant churcbcB . went to .Home, acknowledged their grievous errors, and yielded submissively to bis paternal rule, then he would be most happy to receive tbem. Dr Cumming, you may remember, wrote to. the Pontiff, as the latter seemed toinvite the Protestants on equal terms, asking if he would be allowei the right to speak, and intimating that, if this favour were granted, he would certainly, make his appearance before His Holiness and tha venerable fathers. ? The Pope replied that if he. appeared at all it ; must bo to., make acknowledge, ment of bis errors. Still, evidently anxiouB for the return of Protestants to his fold, he wrote' to Dr Cumming a seoond time, saying that although the dootor could not speak in tbo Council, he could come and receive instruction from', and discuss matters with, the learned divines at Rome. Ofoourse Dr Cumming declined to go to Rome to obtain .wbat he could easily get in London. , Are we then to yield tothe demands of the Roman Church, to acknowledge that wo Protest ants have been in fatal error, and to submit to tbe Pope as our supreme bead; that is the question which we are now called upon, in the course of divine providence, duly and soleinly to ponder. To give a complete answer to it, would involve a discussion of the chief pointB of ooBtro versy between us and Rome, which would be most absurd in me to attempt on this ocoasion ; but it so happens that the main claim sot upbythat churoh comes out prominently in the Council. If she vindicates this olaim she will come-off victorious : but if she fails to substantiate it, she must surrender everything. I alludo to tbe doctrine of infallibility. That, in one of its aspects,, is the great subject before the Council. ; It is well for the interests of truth that snob a funda mental doctrine, and not one .of subordinate importance, is tho question of the day. What then is this infallibility ? It is affirmed that tbe churoh does not, and oannot, err in any decision she pronounces regarding faith and morals. If sho affirms that belief .in oertaib articlos of religion is neoessary to salvation, then we may be certain thiB belief is necessary, as if Christ himself bad told us. If she affirm that a certain :action is right and another wrong, we ought to feel the Bamo assuranoo in doing Jthd! one and refraining from the other as if we beard a voice from Heaven commanding the formor and forbidding the latter. If she condescends to explain tho meaning of the text of Scripture then whatever may bp our opinion of it, wei must humbly accept jhers, j because she oannot err in the interpretation of Scripturo. Whon she affirms that after consecra tion tbe bread and wino are obauged intp the substanoe of our Lord's body and blood, we are bound oh pain of condemnation to beliovo her, even although our sense of, sight, of touoh, and of tasto proclaim that tbe elements are tho same as before. Our bombs, may err, but tho church cannot, in matters of faith. You roust under stand, however, that the ohurcb dc as not clejim to be infallible in everything. It is admitte^ that sho may .err in matters ? of faot, on questipns of .history , or of scienoe. 'If the:: Pope ,or a: General Council give a decision on ai Geo legieal Bubjeot Roman Catholics would ?not fed themselves tetrad td ?teliw it., Tho church of Franoe, e. g fully . aokaow j ledges, or did acknowledge, tho doctrinal decisions of the Conncil of Constance ; that name Countil, in violation . of the safe oonduct of the Emperor, condomncd Hnas of Bohemia to tho flames. The French Catholics would not feel themselves bound to approve the latter although they warmly applaud the formor. Tbo Bull of Innocent X. condemned as heretical five propositions said to be found in a book written by the celebrated Jansenius. Many distinguished divinies and others denied that tbo condemned propositions wore in tho book at all. Supposing a believer in the Pope's infallibility wore oonstrained to admit this, how would be defend himself? Very ingeniously. The Pope, be would say, might be mistaken — might err— in supposing certain statements to be, in a book* ! because that is only a question of fact:; but if.be i pronouneod the propositions themselves heretical, he could not possibly err in that, because it is a matter of faith. How the ohurcb, or a counoil, I or a Pope could trip in Buch a simple matter as declaring wbai is, or is not in a given book, and yet be infallible in the all important matters of faith, is a very nice question for them to settle. If wo, on pain of everlasting condemnation, must yield to this claim, it must be supported by the clearest, evidence possible. That we should yield the same unhesitating assent to the decisions of the church that we' aro bound to accord to the words and commandments of out Saviour himself, must be proved beyond a doubt before we dare assent. This can only be done from Scripture or from reason. . Tho church of Rome professes to establish it from both. 7 ?. Let us consider her argument from Scripture. It is founded upon these four texts. Luke xxii. 31. ' And the Lord said, Simon, Simon, Satan hath desired to have you that he might sift you as wheat : but I ,-haye prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not, ' and when' thou art converted strengthen ? thy bretbern.' Then] comes tho celebrated - text Matthew xvi. ' 18. ] «' And I Bay also unto tbea that thow art Peter, and on this rook I will build my cburob, and the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it : and I will give junta thee the keys of the kingdom of Heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in Heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in Heaven.' John xxi. 16, 'He saith unto bim, feed my sheep.' Exodus xxviii. 30. 'And thou shalt put in the breastplate of Judgment the Urim and Thummim. I feel .. assured that everyone here, as be listened to the., reading of these texts, felt that whatever they may mean, they dont touoh tho doctrine of infallibility. A doctrine that can only be established by the strongest evidence, cannot be- received by such obscure arguments. However let us examine -these texts, a little bore minutely. The argument from the Jewish High Priest bearingupon the Urim and Thummim, is simply ridiculous. ' ' We find Caiaphas the Jewish High Priest presiding over the tribunal which condemned 'our Saviour to death. , An argument. baaed on the state.of.the Old Testament priesthood would be productive of the most dangerous oonsoquenoes. ? For assuredly there was no infallibility amongst thorn more than in tbe Churoh of Rome. If there was, they imust have lost it when Caiaphas condemned the Saviour, or elso as some Romanists fl am;told) have affirmed, he . did right - in paGtiing that fearful sentence. Another text 'feed my sheep,' is equally weak as an argument; for those words may be applied to any minister of the Gospel. All - are commanded to feed the flock over which ibey bave been placed as overseers ; but.none oould claim for themselves infallibility on that account* And then as to Peter, what did our Lord say ? 'I have pTayed for thee that thy faith fail not; but has Christ not prayed, for. thousands moro besides Peter, and their faith did not fail more than biB? Every man who dies in Christ, whether as a martyr for the truth, or peacefully in his home does so without bis faith failing him* When Peter was to be converted, that is restored after his disgraceful , fall, he was to strengthen bis brethern. ' A?d this,; surely he could very woll -do without infallibility.- He could use his own casr— his disgraceful denial of bis Lord, tbe pain of conscience he experienced beoause,of it, and the sharpi ;. and, ~seajobiug ' reproof of his Lord — as ; ? » j solemn. - ; ^warning to his fellow apostles and to other christian bretbern, tbat their faith and attachment- to Christ should be strengthened* But; tbo ; main , text is that in which the foundation of the ohurch is alluded to. 'Toe gates of hell shall not prevail against her.' This is assuredly ono ' of the. most consoling promises addressed to the churoh, in the New Testament.' Our Lord thereby assures ua tbat whatever changes may come over the world — although the scourge of' war may sweep over the fairest portions ' of tbe earth, leaving nothing but distress and desolation behind — although nations may bo convulsed by internal dissension, and revolution's, may. . burst forth, hurling moparchs from thoir thrones, and scattering to the winds cobstitutions that bavo commanded obedience for ages ;' yet' amidst all this general wreck, tbe Churoh of Christ will survive: ; This is what Christ has promised ; this iB what has been fulfilled. ,Tho attempt has been made to extinguish Christianity. Tho Biblo baa, been sought only to be burned, and. Cbiistiansonly to be persecuted ;;l but tho'' more they ; were pereecutedj the more thoy increased. But wbat has this to do with the question ? What connection is there between permanence and infallibility? None whatever. Men may be Christians without being perfect, and tho ohuroh i 3 still the body of Christ though fallible It might, bo,,.. urge# with, aa great a' degree of plausibility that the Pope, or a General Council, Vrali rievM ritr, Wt&itt;' tbey- wqld not err la doctrine or morals. In many respects, though not in all, sin in praotico is more dangerous, and' more likely to lead the churoh to ruin than errors in doctrine. j As to the rock on which the ohuroh is built, some . say it is tbe oonfesBion of Peter—' Thow art the Cbriat;' ; and others tbat it is Peter himself. Not to dwell on this, let us admit that the chuich was founded on him. What follows ? That ho occupied a place in common with the other apostles of our Lord in tbe obnroh's foundation, as Paul says, (Ephos. ii., 19) — ' Now therefore, ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the Saints, and of the house bold of 'God, and are-built upon tbe foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Cbriat himself boing the chief corner stone.' That iB1 the foundation; Peter is there; so, are the Apostles and Prophets. But this is very unfortunate for tbe successors of the Apostles. As the foundation of tbe church they bave no successors. How | could a foundation have a successor? . Tbo Apostles were tbe first stonen laid of this spiritual building ; and there can be no succession of first stones. The 70 di9oipIes oame next, and the 3000 on the day of Pentecost came after; and all believers from' tbat Day to this have /been tbe lively stones that bave been built into this spiritual building. Let the meaning of this passage be what it may, before his Holiness aan call upon us to surrender our Protestantism and enter his fold, he must prove tbat all which has given to Petir and the rest of the Apostles, has been given to him and his Council. Peter and the rest may have been inspired, ai doubtless they were, but how does tbat prove tbat Pius IX is so ? The Apostles proved their inspiration by their miracles, which are as fully attested bb those of our Lord himself* Let his Holiness perform the same, and then wo ihall acknowledge bim to be tbe genuine successor of tbcBo inspired mon. We have seen that thg promise tbat Christ will bo with the Churoh does not imply infallibility. We might as well affirm tbat when our Lord says, ' Where two or threo are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them * * * * * * i * we are to eooolude that any two or three peisons thus assembled, are to be infallible. But tie iuspired penmen of holy soripture have told ub quite the contrary. Paul told , the elders ot tho ohuroh at Ephesus, tbat grevious wolves would enter, sparing not the flock; and be' tells' us also that there will be a great falling away. Those words of inspired men teach us that dangerous errors, will spring up in tho . church, But :doea he tell us'trutb will always be in the majority ? The Apostle Paul often found tbat all men . forsook him ; none stood by bim. Then, is truth always in tbe oldest body ? If so, the Greek churoh stands a far better chanoe than tho Roman. Our Roman Catholic friends always like to put the question, ' Where . was your church before Luther ?' Whatever may be the worth of it, tbey cannot say that to the Greek Cburob, which ib quite as old and corrupt as ' their own. Thus you perceive that, instead of:, infallibility being founded oh oleur ttxta, whoso meaning indisputable, it is built on those that are' most obscure ; and instead of tbe Roman Catholic interpretation of tbem. being the most evident, it is the most improbable. j 1 ?. But whdt renders this olaim the more irrogant, and ought to lead ub to scrutinize it the more narrowly, is the fact that the Roman Church herself is sot agreed as to the seat of infallibility. Wberoidoes it rsside J in the Pope, in a General Council, or in neither singly, but in both combined? This has not yet been decided by that Church. Doctors, eminent : for their; talent and learning, as well as for their strong attaok ment to the church, have enlisted on opposite, sides in this controversy. Tbe French, or Gallican Church has always taken the lead in opposing the infallibility of tbe Pope, and in upholding that of a General Council. Lotus read an extraot from the four prepositions of. the Convention of the Frenoh Church, oomposod of eight archbishops, twenty-six bishops, and thirty eight other ministers, which mot in 1862 ' In temporal things, kings aud princes aro subject to no ecolosiaeticftl power of Qod's appointment; neither can thoy directly or indirect ly be deposed by authority of the keys of tbe clinrch, nor con their sabjeots be exempted from fidelity and obedionoo, nor bo sbfolred from thoir o»tb of allegiance. (4) In queationa of fa ith, likewise, the Supreme Pontiff hay a principal part, and bia deorejs have roferonce to all and singular churoheaj yet hia judgment is not incapable of correotion. unless it have the assent of tho churoh.' We should say that theBe are pretty sound declarations as to tbe province of the Church and State ; and that the King of Italy had imbibed similar views when be called for bis confessor to speak to him of spirit aal thingsa ; but when the latter spoke of the affairs of State, the King very properly reforred him to his ministers. ' Still tho opinion of the Gallioan Church is not quite satisfactory on this subject either ; for/ strange to say, there j is a division in tho Church of Rome as to tbo number^ of , general councils.. The French maintain that the Councils of jPiaa, Constance, and Basle were genoral, whereas the Italians deny it; the Italians affirm that those of Lyons, Fldrence, ? and the Fifth Lateran are (Eoumenioal, and' the French deny it. Here wo have one branch of the Roman Catholic Church against another. ..Which are; wo, to bolieve ? Talk of the differences among Protestants 1 They are slight compared with this. All Protestant Cburcbcs, Established and Dissenting, British, Continental, and Amerioan, aro as one as rogards the rule of faith.. With ono hearty, harmonious, unanimous voice, all the Churches of the Reformation affirm and steadfastly maintain that the Bible, and tbo Bible alone, is tho. religion ot Protestants. ? But, as. to the rule of faith' in the Papa] Church, we havo Pope against Popo, conuo againBt oouncil, and doctor against doctor. By the .Councilof Constanoe it is affirmed — i- .Th® Assembly Mug legitimately gathered together in the Holy Spirit, constitu'iDg a general counoil, haii its pvwer immudiutdly from Christ ; mid that e*eiy person, of wtaatHoevordimiity, oven though it is tlio Papal, is bound to obny the Onu ioil in those thingn which pertain .to faith, nnd to tho oxtripation of tho aaid nchism, and tho reformation of the said ohuroh in it-) lioad and momboro.' Tho Fifth Lateran Council declared quite in the teeth of that, that a Pope ia superior ' to a general council. -Whether, therefore, aro wo to.bolievo tho Fathers who met at Constanoe, or those of the Fifth Lateran ? Verily wo need an infallible guide to tell os whioh, Pope or counoil, i9 infallible. If tlie Fathers now in conolave in Rome pronounce it. to be a dootrine of tho Catholio Chiucli, that his Holiness tbo Pope cannot err in matters of faith, then tbey will flatly oont.rndict the Council of Constance. That Counoil 'declared that it assembled legitimately in the Holy Ghost The present Council oannot claim anything higLer. I ask again, whioh are we bolieve ? ? j Suppose that it will bo deoidod that the Pope I is infallible, and that general councils are not, what follows ? ? The Pope of one generation contradicts tho Pope of another; and, worse still, what aro we to do when there is more than one Pope? At the beginning of the fifteenth century there were two claimants to be the head of the Church,— Boniface IX. at Rome, and Benedict XIII. at Avignon. The former died, and 'his party elected another. Wbon Benedict wa9 besieged by the King of Fiance, he fled to Catalonia, and his Cardinals joined those of the opposite side. Both parties, deairous of putting an end to the strife, summoned a Council at Pisa in 1409. That . Council went to work with hearty good will. It declared both the Popes to be heretical, perjured, obstinate, and unworthy .of any honors, and excommunicated tbem from the Churoh ; and elected in thoir room Alexander V. So, instead of two, we have now three Poprs, eaoh burling biB anathemas at the bead of hia brother. This is a very troublesome affair to tbe upholders of {Papal infallibility. Cardinal Bellarmine, 'ono of the moat aoute, subtle, and learned defenders Rome has ever possessed, finds, himself here in a fix. He had always plaoed the Pope above a council. Accordingly, he could not admit tbat of Piss to be general, because it oon demned two Popes; but if be denied it to be general, then' tbe succession of the Pones i3 broken, a link in the chain is snapped. He . very prudently invents a new place for that of Pisa. ' It seems to be a general oouncil neither approved or disapproved.' Snob are some of tho inextricable labyrinths in which believers in infallibility are involved, These differences have always existed in tho bosom- of that Church, have distraoted her councils, and disturbed her peace. Now a conclave of Cardinals and Bishops is met to promote peace and uuity. How long it will continue its sittings no man can tell. It bids fair to follow the example of that of Trent, which sat , some fifteen or sixteen years ; as it began in December last, and, however many long Latin speeohes bave been delivered, nothing has yet been decided. The telegrams by tbis mail -state that many of the holy Fathers have left Rome, and that tbe dogma of infallibility is not to be pressed. I auspeot. if Pius bad anticipated that he should have eucouritered such firm opposi . tion on the port of many of the Bishops, ond been compelled'to endure such plain-speaking, and to listen . to snoh: a -number of unpleasant truths as has not fallen to the lot of snyPope for the last three hundred years, he would have thought twice before he summoned them together. There is division in the .Council. ' Strong, ' vigo ous opposition has been given to the Court at Rome; and we have tbo words of the Bishops themselves for it, ' , We don't need to go to the Reporter's for that, as we have their own published -statements ns evidence for the truth of our assertion. The ohief and leading oppouonts of tbe prosent policy of the Roman See, aro tho French, and German prelates. This is just what might have been expeoted. - The French aro true to the traditions of their own National Church. Although there. have been fiercer contests, between Catholic and Prriteatant in France than anywhere,; and cruelties have been jpfliete'd'on tiieir'opponeiitsaa barbarous as those of any other peofilo, especially in . tbe early1 part of tho contest, yet it cannot be denied, sinoa the granting of the Gallioan liberties, Frenoh 'Catholics have boon far more , liberal than, others, and have'produceii a brighter galaxy of distinguished 1 names than ' any otber country;) Some/ of ; the best: men that' ever breathed belonged 'to the Catholic Church' of France. Pascal, one of the sublimest writers in any language, and Fenelon,' one of the most pious of men, and most persuasive of Christian writers ; Bourdalone, Boesuet, aud Massilloo, three pulpit orators,' who, if they have been equalled, certainly have ;never been surpassed by- any orators in the world ; these; and others that might be mimed, all . belonged to the ? Churoh of France.: ; If Bossuet had been alive, his burning eloquence would doubtless have been directed against the present attempt of the Papacy. That Ohurch is certainly not what she , was then. She has booonie more servile to Rome ; but still, ; as of old, she has some valiant sons who- boldly confront the' houd of tbe Catholic world;, and contend for their natural rights, Foremost among these is to be reokoned Father Hyacinthe. He is from a!l accounts, the firBt orator in Franoe. Haidrev, crowds of admiring, auditors . Sabbath after Sabbath to tho Cathedral of Notre Damo, to listeh to bis heart-stirring nddreaseB. It should be to, us, I think, a matter of thankfulness to Almighty God, thatsuoh a man, notwithstanding his errors^ on some points, should have the opportunity of preaching tbe Gospel ,'of Jestis Christ in thi; cathedral of the. gay, fashionable, and voluptuous city of Paris. He.iB in revolt from Romo I His warm and generous heart rebels against the restraint which bis oh'urch imposed on him; He beholds in all Christian mon true brothers in Christ j antl he hos given. and -'eceived the right hand of fellowship from American ! Christians of | -aU-deoom}p^,tj.6n4. JJere wehaveuot 90 ignorant. obscure, bigoted monk; rhi^b^T against Rome, but ' one of the most distil gmsbed mon within her pale on tbe soil of frJ,' Another valiant defender of ,ho of bis order, and a vigorous opponent I the Popes infallibility, js Biaboo DaJ loup, of Orleans Ho seems to' bo th leader of the opposition, and he evidenti! managee tbe Matter, with, great abili,T j dexterity. Ho does not appear to lm,e hi/J among all the bishops of France. IQ a ti.J letter against passing the dogma, he says- 01! ' But lot 09 lay auido all tbat will be-mi,l V which one day will bo said-lMold tlio feY'1 wbo^conj lire on th)H . quustior, tbo Hole F„(v'bot| the Council to stop, and you, as if thafii Brilli cfe, ery tu the Council-^ ',-- of necessity I Lot os march on -l.,t m m. ' f M But it is a mere ba-atelle in yonr eye, th«t ihf f-'' pass ovor iho bod ei of so , many I ishona^ r''' people. Olid BO many great duuchoi? speak of ucee^ity, vjbea bo many of y'oa,'p!ii® 5,1 epe-^k of perils. Above Bl|, yoi unsnii.nty, nor invoke the BeDorargon'tim^ 'L'1 Episcopacy or of too faithful in Gcrmsiiv and i# XS-: Should the dogma pass or not theas wards of this : able Bishop arc not likely to-be jo™ forgotten, by the Protestant world at least Thn the theological faculty of the Sorbonne, tbotM distinguished in that country, i3 on the eatn'o aid, Two of its members— tbe Abbe Marat, and it,' Abbe Gratry— write vigorously on tho .objea Hore are the wordsof the latter-and, reim^, they aro thoae of a distinguished Roman Catholie-! ?Welmve hadamong.t ua for many oentnrl-. iC school of dissimulation and of lies. Thov h»»« » latedthe Breviary which from the 7th to tho^S h century, spoke in indisputsblo tormaof tha'rnJ.! nation of HonoriouB (a Pope) ft3 a heretic. We still amongst na at the present day, the ,ms\Z of en or founded upon passion, bliiidneaa. kod ness-a school which decides for its«If«r»£oot or listening to testimony; and wbioh dsnlsj i affirms according as it wisIjoV - . w I think you will allow, that none of yoneTc, beard me say a severer thing of the Ohurch of Rome than this, which one of her own sosaau of a party within her, In Germany we find tbo same thingevfli more decidedly, ; than in' France. -There, slthoD^ liberty, of speech in affairs of state 'has never flourished; there has generally been unlimited freedom, if not boundless license, in matters ol religion. ^ There, learning in all its . branches it) i been more zealously cultivated than in any oiler f country in Europe.'' Education ia' not only B -generally diltuaed, but in most states, is rendered 1 compulsory by the Government. The iProtoslsot I and the Cutholio, study, 'side by 'aide. ' In sow f Universities where the country ia dj, a : Catholic and Protestant professors , are delivarioj lectures on theology to their respective Btudentj 5 uuder the same roof. Consequently there is M [ tho same violent antagonism between tie members of the two creeds, as in those coanlria where they are educated in separate denomioa. t. lional schools and colleges. As an effect of this, Catholics are much more liberal and' much more $ learned than in other countries. Many of Ufa jffj are profoundly versed in the history of the Chorea r and, consequently, in' the prsaent crisis, tin 8 German Bishops, almost to a man, are on tls p] liberal side. One of tho most difitiogiiiiM pi divines of tbe Catholic Churoh now living ii ?* j unquestionably Dr. Dollinger, of Munich. ; Son of his ! works - occupy a very bigh plats b ; the theological .world, and are read with h-!t admiration - both by -Catholios and ProteilH'J, i He also ia -, strongly opposed to the new dogtas. E He is the reputed author of a book called ' Jarai^ e which most meroilessly exposes, by aigauei!! || drawn from history and reason, ibe presat E pretensions ol tho Roman See. Such, in point c{ k character and ability, are Bomo of '.the oppontuli 1' of the policy which the court of Bomo is dot pursuing. Who are its defenders? Inpoiultf numbers they seem to form tbe majority. ' Mast of the Italians, I suppose, because ttwy bul under the rays of tho great central : bub of lit Catholic world, are devoted to the views of Pint. The hierarchy of Spain, long the tpoet gloomyasl bigoted country in' Europo, are, as might hiti been expeoted, on the same side. ButwbatiM I say of those in whom we, perhaps,0 are nut interested, tbe. bishops of oar own.co'uotrjl Without an exception, I am sorry to say. ttarei'i tho devoted adherents,of theparty tindariheinj of tbe J esuites.: Is it not melancholy to thinklhil he who, some 'fifteen years ago, wa' 11 archdeacon in the Church of England, is now on of the most prominent supporters of the retrogdi' policy, and most serville ; in' ;biJ sppjJMl -1 tbo dogma of ? : infallibility, ? Archbishop . Manning. - It . ia b ? fao'i ' a most melancholy one, that none are prepared W go a greater length iu swallowing the moiute' dootrines 'ban those who bave during;;tbelul thirty years seceded to tbe Cbufob of Row the Churoh ofEoglapd. I suppose it ,u they are now in- the years of thoir first - Ion, ^ are so smitten with the charm? of ; ths ll J Catholic Church that they are blind to tha t»»J | ugly dufects wbioh she carries abbatjWith hfp | whioh older arid more oxperionced hands | long disoovercd and aro now exposing., j | {Concluded on .page 2.) ' ^ | 