THE COUNCIL. ? A The eleventh General Congregation was held on the 15th. On this occasion six Fathers spoke, among whom were the :three Spanish Bishops, of Urgel, Salamanca and Badajoz. At the twelfth, which met on the 19th, the Archbishops of Smyrna, Paris, and Cologne, as well as other prelates, fl.drlrp.ssed the. Council. At the thirteenth held on the 21st, the last speaker on the list was the Bishop of Orleans. Mgr. Bupanloup and Mgr. Dayboy are said to have pronounced Latin after the French manner, a severe trial to Italian ears, and probably to others also. The advantage of a uniform pronunciation of Latin, which might be attained without difficulty, as the experience of English Catholics proves, can hardly fail to be recognised just now in Rome. 'What the Fathers who took part in the discussions referred to said, we do not pretend to know. If any one not a member of the Council does, he deludes himself, and if he professes to report it, he deludes his readers. One of the best in formed correspondents now in Rome says candidly that not only be does not know ?what any of the Fathers said, but that he is not even quite sure what was the subject of their debate. We shall be fully informed on this point hereafter, and meanwhile' Christians have a deeper interest in the final result of these solemn discussions than in the most luminous of the orations v^hich contribute to it. It is rumoured, however, that in the 14th General Congre gation, held on the 22nd, Mgr. Moreyra, Bishop Guamanga and Ayaeeucho, in Peru, ?* spoke in language so solemn and so full \- of the Holy Spirit, that on descending trom the pulpit the immense assembly was, for the first time, unable to refrain from a burst of applause. We hear, with pleasure, that the altera tions made in the Council Hall have been completely successful in attaining their ob ject. There is no longer any difficulty in hearing the voice of the speakers, unless, as the Echo de Borne remarks, any one happens to be deaf, like Mgr. Maret. An other change had been made which con cerns, not those within, but some of those outside the Hall. Some ingenious experi mentalists had discovered — we do not hear if they were newspaper correspondents — that standing under the dome, exactly op posite the entrance to the Hall, it was pos sible to catch a word now and then, es pecially if the speaker had a more than usually sonorous voice. Wonderful fables would probably have been constructed by a skilful combination — there are some foreign visitors now in Rome who are adepts in the art — of such broken frag ments of discourse. But this project, if it were ever entertained, is now effectually baffled. The ' coin of -vantage' under the dome is occupied by Swiss gendarmes, who are less likely to betray the secrets of the Council, since the study of Latin, it may be presumed, did not form any part of their education. As the great question of the Definition of Papal Infallibility, under conditions and within limits known to our Catholic readers, has probably more interest for them than any other, we will mention the facts in connection with this subject which have been communicated to the world since our last number. For the first time, the tes _ timony of friends and enemies seems to be | accordant. Even the most impious revo- ! lutionary organs of Italy confess that all op- 1 position is hopeless, and that the Definition 1 ?will certainly be made. The Opiniona and the Gazzelta aV Italia have a good deal to say about it. The latter in spite of its | anti-Christian piinciples, contrasts the dignity and practical wisdom, as well as the , absolute freedom, which characterize all the proceedings of the sacred Vatican Council, with the turbulent and profitless jangling in the parliament of Florence. This unexpected testimony reminds us that even Pagan oracles used sometimes to tell the truth. An English journal, which has probably some points of difference with its Italian contemporary, surprises us still more. We should not have asked the Pall Mall Gazette, nor its Roman corres pondent, for information upon which we had no right to count ; but when they volunteer to give it,.we may profit by their liberality. They call the Bishops who solicit the Definition ' Retrogradists j' but as they would call St. Paul by still harder names if he happened to be amongst ?us just now, we will not complain of their making mistakes about men whom they cannot appreciate, and motives which they cannot understand. The correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette tells us, on the 28th instant, that he has 'been at pains to learn, from a high source at the Vatican, the exact position of the question' — that is, the probability of the Definition — and that he is of opinion that ' the facts may be relied upon.' As they agree sub stantially with those communicated to our selves from other sources, and with the latest telegrams received from Rome, we j will state them in his words/ ' The J Supreme Commission,' he says, meaning the Commission of Postulate, 'has re ceived three postulata in favor of the defini tion of the dogma. The first postulatum, avoiding the term infallible, uses the wordR eupremu ideoque ah err ore communis auctoritas Supremi .Pontificis. This peti tion is signed by 400 bishops.' Our own account say that on the 22nd instant it had received 410 signatures. ' The second postulatum is from the Neapolitan Bishops, and is much more pronounced. The words used are : Momanus Pontifex in omnibus rebus fidei et morum infallibilis. The third postulatum is from the Spanish Bishops, who go far beyond the others' — this is rhetorical — ' and adopt the dogma as it was held by grand inquisitors in the age of Philip II.' We should like to know what was the doctrine of these grand inquisitors, but perhaps such curiosity is indiscreet. 'The three petitions give a total of 500 signatures.' But this is not all. The same correspondent observes further that none of the 49 Cardinals have signed it, nor any of the 48 members of the two Commissions of Postulates and Dogma, and as at least 95 out of the 97 are sure to support the Definition, they must be added to the 500. Moreover, ' all the Bishops and Archbishops resident at Rome, and all the Bishops who, though favourable to the proclamation of the dogma, wish the question to be fairly discussed by the Council without pressure,' will further augment the list. So that as the Pall Mall correspondent goes on to say : ' according to this view the dissentients do not exceed a fifth, and the proclamation of the dogma may be considered as certain.' This is what our own informants tell us. ' In one form or other,' they say, *' the Definition will cer tainly be made.' But in reporting these various statements we must carefully dis claim the pretention of knowing exactly, either how many have already signed the three postulata, or how many are likely to do so. We can only offer to our readers the information which we really possess. The number who solicit the Definition is certainly very large, and the number whom it will gladden and console still larger. We may add that, if it be made, the few who are now, for various reasons, opposed to it, will accept it with as absolute an assent as if they had been its original promoters. In like manner, if the Coun cil, contrary to general expectation, should leave the whole subject as it was defined by the Council of Florence, all who most earnestly desire another and a different re sult will regard such abstinence as more agreeable to the will of God. But this is a state of mind which will hardly be in telligible to Protestant critics of the Council. It may be well to observe also that there is a complete misconception in the non Catholic world as to the manner in which this question has come to assume so prominent a place. It is neither, as the world imagines, the Pope nor 'the Jesuits' who are responsible for it. Long before the Council was summoned, there had been a movement on this subject among the faithful in various parts of the world. Venerable Bishops and learned j theologians had expressed the opinion that ! the doctrine of the Infallibility of the Pope, when teaching ex eathedra on ques tions of faith or morals, was ripe for defi nition. The announcement of Pius IX. of his intention to call a General Council gave an additional impulse to the move ment. In all nations, and among all classes, lay and clerical, there arose a spontaneous utterance of a new and ardent hope. Biehops of different countries en couraged this hope by declarations of sympathy and approval so emphatic, that the faithful could not but be confirmed in cherishing it. They were plainly told by authorities whom they revered, that they were justified in doing so. At length it be came apparent that an overwhelming ma jority of the bishops, and a corresponding majority of the laity in many lauds, desired the definition. The memorial presented to the Commission of Postulata is a sufficient evidence of the former fact. Meanwhile so far as we know, the Holy Father, whose prerogatives are in question, has not only taken no step whatever, nor authorised any one to do so, to bring the matter before the Council, but the Bull of Indiction does not contain the remotest allusion to it. It is the cry of the bishops, of the clergy, and of their flocks, which has made itself heard at Rome, and none of these would accept the reproach that they are attempting to coerce or dictate to the Council. They bear their own testimony to a doctrine which they believe with all their hearts, and then humbly leave the decision to the Holy Ghost, by Whom all the decrees of the Vatican Council will be ultimately controlled. As to the opposition, so called, which the demand for the Defini tion has provoked, and the motives of prudence and expediency upon which it is based, we may be sure that the advocates of abstinence have only at heart the wel fare of the Church, and that if the ques tion be brought before the' Council, the fact of their being a minority will not de prive their arguments of any weight which really belongs to them, nor prejudice their unquestionable right to defend tbeir own views. The document in which they have announced their reluctance to enter upon the subject, said to be drawn up by Cardi nal Rauscher, who has so nobly defended the honour of the Church in the Austrian Empire, is reported in the Morning Post of the 27th to have been signed by 35 German or Hungarian Prelates. This do cument will be found in another part of our impression. 