SPIRITUALASTICINVESTIGATION. THE DRAMATIST, TIIE " DEVILS," THE SPIRITS, AND THE SALA- MANDER LORD. Another meeting of the committe ap- pointed by the Dialectical Society, to in- vestigate " the phenomena called spirit- ual manifestations," was held at 4, Fitzroy-square; Dr. Edmunds in the chair. Many of the committe were considerably puzzled by the manifest sincerity with which persons, not mere gobemouches, testified to having witnessed phenomena of so extraordinary a chara- cter, their bona-fides being as unquestion- able as their intelligence. The investigation promises to disclose new vistas, if not of the spirit world, at least of the nature of the mind and of the extent of its capacities for belief. Mr. E. L. Blanchard favoured the committee with his testimony. Some years ago, he said, circumstances threw him much in the way of haunted houses, about which he wrote magazine articles, and he in time came to feel a regard for them from fnding them so profitable. He then heard that the Marshalls in Red Lion-street were in the habit of raising ghosts to be seen at a shilling a head, and, indignant at this profanation of beings which he regarded with a sort of affection, he went to see the Marshalls for the express purpose of "showing them up." He found that pieces of glass, whitened, when held .under the table, had names and sentences written on them in a remarkably small hand. The Mar- shalls were people who would have been unable to write some of the things which came up on the glass. Well, he went there six years. A spirit would lay hold of his arm, and "' pump" the vital force out of him. Sometimes a small spark would appear on the floor; it would increase, and grow into a hand. Then arose the question, could the hand sus- tain a weight, and to test it a handker- chief would be thrown into it, and the spirit fingers would slowly uplift it into the air. At other times bells and ac- cordions were played in mid-air, the table would rise, &c.; He would shinme times be uplifted by the spirits, and kept in the air.; ,he used to ask them to let him down gently, lest he should be hurt. All this so weakened him that he did not half like it, for he found that nothing but chops, &c;, could sustain him under the "pumping" which he had to endure, so much was his vital force acted upon. He went there one evening after the death of his friend,.Francis Talfourd, at Mentone; a paper and pencil were flung under the table, and the name "Francis Talfourd" was written. The Marshalls did not know the name; he used go to their place, but they only knew him " as the young man with the fair hair." He took the signature to the club, and there compared it with an undoubted authograph, it was found that it could not possibly have been the result of forgery. At Foster's he placed a name in a pellet on the table: the name was divined. He then said, " What name is written on my arm, under my sleeve ?" "' "William Blanchard; your father. How long has he been dead?" While he was calculating, "25" appeared in a hand--the exact number of years. He had given up spiritualism during the last four or five years, for he found it very in- convenient when the printer was waiting for copy to be interupted by spirits, who wanted him as a medium. Mr. Blanchard subse- quently related that the spirits of Alexan- der the Great and Joan of Arc appeared to write their names. Joan of Arc was asked if there was any other name by Which she was known, and she wrote "La Pucelle." The Marshalls, of a cer- tainty, did not know so much French. The Hon. Mrs. -- said: The most re markable manifestations I have seen were those of last Sunday evening at my house. We were seated in a room which would have bben dark but for the moonlight.' WVe first heard raps, and then we saw a figire . t the window. It entered and then figures crame tiooping in by dozens. One waved its hands and passed through us-the atmosphere became fearfully cold. A figure--that of a relative-came behind my chair. leaned over and brushed my hair lightly with its hand. It was eight feet high, and approaching Mr. Lindsay, passed through him. Mr. Lindsay sobbed hysterically from the intense cold. One of us said something and all the spirits laughed with joy. The sound was indescribably strange, and itappear ed to us as if it came from the ground. That was the first' time we heard the voices. Interrogated by the committee this lady stated that she had seen things when Mr. Home was not present. We sat, ahe continued, in a circle at first, and we were .seven in number. Five of the seven saw just what I have described, and the others saw something, but not so distinctly. Mr.. Home said there were nineteen spirits in the room at one time, and I could see their eyes-peculiarly brilliant eyes-looking at us. l\r. Home said to me "don't be frightened, there is a spirit coming to you," and in a. few minutes I saw the bright eyes of a figure looking at me. The figure was defined. There were no clothes, but there was a peculiar rustle like that of silk. Mr. Home was in the trance state. He walked about tlhe room. I did not sleep much that night, for the spirits followed me to my room. Mr. Home had no pre vious access to the room beyond having dined there. Mr. Jenchen, barrister, read a paper of great inteirest, which treated of the differ ent classes of spiritual phenomena. Speak ing of the remarkable " levitations" (floating in the air) of the body of the medium, Mr. Jenchen said: These levit ations you will find recorded as having occurred as far back as the year 1347, and another instance took place in the year 1697. Goethe refers to this wonder ful phenomenon in his life of Phillipinari The levitations of Mr. Home are well known. Upwards of. 100 levitations, have taken place during his lifetime, of which the most remarkable are the carry ing of his body out of one window of the third floor at Ashley-house into an adjoin ing window, and the lifting of his bodys raised three or four feet off the ground at Adare Manor for twenty or thirty yards. The seco?id group of phenomena is that of the producing of raps or knocks, to which no doubt, the tradition of the Poltergeisters owes its origin. Thousands have heard them and received messages spelt out by these means, the well-known alphabetical method being usually eam ployed. I have known messages spelt out by the tilting of a semi-grand piano, accompanlied by loud raps, no one being withiu several feet of the instrument. The third group of phenomena includes the uttering of words and sentences, sound ing of music, and singing, without visible agency. Thus at greatMalvern, at Dr. Gulley's, I heard three voices chanting a hymn, accompanied by music played on an accordion suspended in space, eight or nine feet off the ground. At the passing away of an old servant of our household, a strain of solemn, music was heard, by the nurse and servants in the room of the dying woman; the music lasted fully 20 minutes. The fourth group includes the playing on musical instruments, the drawing of figures, flowers, and; writing by direct spiritual unseen agency. Of these facts innumerable instances are on record, and the books of Mr. Coleman and Baron Guldenstube an e valuable pub lications upon this phase of spiritual phen omena. These phenomena are of frequent occurrence. The following are more rarely exhibited: The first-test I have seen several times; I have seen Lord Adare hold in the palm of his hand a burning live coal, which Mr. Home had placed there so hot that the mere mo-: mentary contact with my finger caused a buirn. At Mr. S. C. Hall's a large lump of burning coal was placed on his head by Mr. Home; and only a few days since a metal bell, heated to redness in the fire, was placed on a lady's hand without causing injury. At Mr. Hen ning's I have seen Mr. Home place his face into the flames of the grate, the flame points penetrating through his hair without any injury being sustained. The next class of phenomena are those extraordinary elongations and shortenings of Mr. Home's person many times, and at Mr. S. O. Halls, about three months ago, Mr. Home and Miss Bertollacci wereo simultaneously elongated." Two ladies present stated that they had seen the.phenomena referred to by Mr. Jenchen. One of the committee asked what kind of evidence Mr. Jenchen would think ad equate to get a jury to believe that a man hadwalked down the street carrying his head under his arm? Mr. Jenchen said, that he would simply ask the jury to come into the street and see the fact for themselves (laughter). M?r. Simkins said that, having been induced to disbelieve in all religions, -he went to :America, and . then h-ear? of spiritualism, which he set down !as the o Ameriecan humbug. Three Jyears ago hi wife had been thrown into: a traice byl spirits. For days she eat nothing, and for two months she partook of very little. Spirits sometimes possessed her. One was that of a Bcotchman, and she, on such occasions, spoke'broad Scotch-a feat she was wholly unable to accomplish when not possessed. Mr. J. lMfurray Spear, a professienal medium, residing at Ampthill-square, Hampstead- road, said that originally he did not believe in spiiritualism; but now he, frorf a lock of hair or a line of writ ing,.could, by the spirit power, judge of chaxacter, aptitude, disease, &c.; He had been sent to give a course of lectures at Hamilton College, New Yorkl on geo logy, He knew nothing of geology. Wlhen ld arrived; a? the College ie told the profedsor, who gave himn the use of his cabinet. 8ometfmes the spiritg guided his hand; sometimes they sup plied him with words when he s tood up to speak. Reporters took down his twelve lectures, and the professor said, "' He takes up geology where thie books leave off. He contradicts nothing that is assertained, but he explains much." In the same wayi the spirits caused his hand to write a" paper on socialism, which Robert Owen-a good judge on that question-said was the ablest he ever read. 