Wesleyan District Meeting. Communicated to the Maitland Mercury. The sittings of this assembly were continued on Tuesday, the 15th instant, when there were present, in addition to the various ministers, the following lay gentlemen : — Messrs. Bow den and Northcote, of Maitland ; Mofiit and Meiklejohn, of Morpeth ; Arnott and Hut chiusou, of Newcastle; Glass, of Singleton, and Cornish, of Dungog. The business was chiefly financial. The state of the Wesleyan Church property in the district was reviewed. the number, cost, and size of the churches built, and the amount of land for building sites acquired, during the year, were reported. Pe mission was given for the erection of a parsonage at Newcastle, at a cost of £800 ; also for the erection of a brick church atTam worth, to cost £800. Grants in aid of needy circuits, and of churches and parsonages in course of erection, wore recommended to the distribution committee of the Sustentation and Extension Society. On Wednesday, the lGth instant, the state of the various con nexional fuuds was reviewed. The Home and Foreign Missionary Societies' Income, and that also of the Aged Ministers and Ministers' Widows Fund, and of the Children's Fund and the Educational Fund, passed underreview. The afternoon sissioa was one of great reli gions interest. The ' Liverpool minutes' — and admirable series of wise and faithful counsels to chtistiau ministers upon the chief work ot their lives — were read. Several of the ministers spoke upon this question, and the session was closed with fervent prayer to God for abundant success during the coming year. Iu the evening, a most interesting public service — the first of its kind — was held in the High-street Church. The Rev. Messrs. Cor ner, Hopkins, and Swift, were then set apart by the imposition of hands to the office and work of tho Christian ministry. This service was begun at halfpast seven p.m. by the Rev. George Hurst, President of the Australasian Conference, ascending the pulpit, and giving out the 74-itli hymn. After prayer, and the reading of suitable por tions of Scripture, the president addressed the candidates for ordination iu serious and earn est words, and then asked them the usual questions, to which each candidate returned a distinct and appropriate reply. Prayer was then offered specially for them, and after the singing of a hymn, the president, assisted hy the Rev. Messrs. Moore, Pickering, and J. - . Nolan, kid hands upon each of them, saying — ' Mayest thou receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Christian minister and pastor, now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands.' The President then presented to each of the newly-ordained ministers u copy of the Holy Scriptures. The Sacrament of tho Lord's Supper was then administered to them, after which the Rev. George H urst, president, deli vered a most ablo and eloquent charge. He announced as his text the 1st Tim., 4th c, ICthv. : 'Take heed unto thyself, and unto the doctrine ; continue in them, for in doing this thou shalt both save thyself and them that hear thee.' From those words he deli vered a discourse which was both affactionate and faithful, earnest and thoughtful, timely and iinprcssivo. He urged them to personal and doctrinal purity and fidelity, and also to mental and spiritual culture. He consoled and encouraged them in view of the trials and difficulties of their work by the assurance that by such fidelity they would ' save both them selves and them that heard them.' The ut most attention was paid to this solemn and instructive discourse by the highly reapeotable audience which had assembled to hear it. Thursday, 17th instant. — This morning's session was the closing '/mo. The business was chiefly of a miscellaneous character. A very cordial vote of thanks was passed to the president for his able charge, and also for his courteous and efficient conduct in the chair. The diligent secretary (the Rev. J. A. Nolan) received a well-merited vote of thanks for his valuable services. The friends who so kindly entertained the ministers in attendance at the district meeting, were also thanked for their hospitality. Then the minutes were read, approved, and Bigned, the usual devo tional exercises engaged in, and so the An nual Meeting of the Wesleyan Ministers of the Maitland District for 1871 concluded. Bone and Muscle. —Wo have skeleton regiments which wo must immediately convert into flesh and blood. The French and Germans possess flesh and blood regi ments whioh ore reduoing each other to skeletons. HbboisM. — Tho greatest obstacle to boing hcroio is the doubt whether oho may not be going to prove one's self a fool ; the trueit heroism is to rpmt the doubt ; and the profoundest wisdom to know when it ought to boreiUted and when fob* obeyed. ' ft 