Eandwick Spring Meeting. Tamil Day. Fbidav. September 8th, 1870. The racing was quite equal if not superior to that of the Dorby and Metropolitan days, and passed off exceedingly well. There was one accident, however, which at one tiino was thought to be of a very serious, if not of a fatal character. In the race for the Mares' Produce Stakes, Illumination, who was making the running at the start. fell suddenly at the end of the fence, between the grand stand and the rocks turn, throwing Joe Carter with considerable violence. He lay perfectly motionless, end at first it was thought that he was killed. He ,was carefully lifted up and carried off the course, and after a short time ho ? returned to con sciousness; It was found that no bones were broken, but he was very much shaken. We, heard last evening that be was not likely to feel -tnj permanent injury from his fall. . Eleven horses started for the Free Handicap, in which Detective was the favourite, end not a little surprise was manifested when Kate Dalrymple dashed through her Jborses and carried away the prize. She showed hei self a game little mare. -Toe Craven Plato was considered a gift for Tim Whiffier, there being only four nags brought to the post, and the pick of-tho public proved they were right, and in this oyent he has showed himself to be the best weight fur age horse in the colony. In tho Prince of Wales Stakes 'there were five starters, in which Deoeptive .was the* favourite at 3 .to 2, while 2 to 1 woro tho odds against I)uke of Atbol and Kate - Datrymple. The race was a very, exciting oho, and .was won from end to end by the Dukcj Kato Dalrymplq beating Deceptive at tho post for second place ; and it web ' believed by a 'good many that ' if- Bryant had1 made his running earlier he would, have added another to his victories. The Mares' Produce Stakes was believed. to be a certainty for Florence notwithstanding; her defeat in the Maiden Plate ; tho result, however, proved that ska was unequal to the effort, and it was quite clear that the season was fatal to her after her Derby victory. It is a pity she started. '.The Sydney ' Handicap, on which there were eight starters, was an unexpected victory for itawdon, beating o host of -good nara. On leading the Judge's hurse into the.saddliiwjpjddock ^he was loudly cheered by the bystanders, whichinay.be considered a tribute of respect for a thorough but unfortunate eportsman. The foUowingjs a detailed account of the 'day's running: Firtt Kace.-7-The Free Handicap of 4 sovereigns each, h ft orl sovereign 'only lor 'non-acceptors, with €0 sov ereigns added; for 3 years and upwards ; the second horse to receive 10 sovereigns out of the prize. . Weights !ro be declared at Tattereall's on the second day of the . mep Hng, at or soon after 9 p.m., and non-accoptances within one hour after such declaration to the secretary in (he A. J, Club-room, aune placeL ' ^6 subscribers. Oaotnile. ' . ?Mr. A. Baqui'schm Kite Ssu-j-mpl^ Oat 9 lbe (Bryant) .,'. jl S. II. Tcrry'i ch h Lottery, 4 years, 6 ft (Shbrringham)... S L. Uhdc'egrh Kaiser, 5 years, 8 st 10 lbi- (Martineer) ... 3 J. Tait's ch c Detective, 4 years, 7 st 8 lbs -B. Davis) A. Town's brh Btanley, 4 years, 6st 7 lbs-T. Shernngham) — — br m Paradise, 4 yarn, 7 «t 12 lbs (Carter) ? brm Parasite, J rears, 6 et 6 11m -8hields) - E. Lcc'schmLaiiyUkc, 4 years, 6 et (Shepherd) B. Jnrd's b h Autralian Buck, S vears 7 st Slbs (H. l/owie) B. Bicbards' bl m Deceptive, 5 years 8 et 12 lt» (H'Cabc) J. Canvm's b g Elnildo, 6 years, 6 st 6 lbs (Brown). Betting : 2 to 1 v. Deceptive, i to 1 against any of the rest. When the flog fell the horses got^ away pretty well to gether with the exception of Rinaldo, who through f ractioueness could not be got into lino and was left some lengths behind. Detective took up , tho running with the lead, Australian Buck, and Lottery being close up, and the remainder in pretty close attendance, the favourite Decep tive being amongst the ruck. At Ihe back of the course Detective was still leading, and the Buck had given place to Paradise, Kate Dalrymple, and Zelika. At the hill Kate Dalryniple seemed to slacken in her speed and on arriving at the Trainers' stand Detective continued £o hold first position and Australian Buok again rushed up to second place, Ladylike, Kaiser, and Deceptive racing nearly about half a length in the rear of the Buck, Kate Dalryrople being sixth. On reaching the turn, Kaiser had passed Ladylike and Deceptive, and now Kate Dalrymple and Lottery were called upon, and the former showed a great 4ash of foot. In coming down the straight she took the inside runninc and surprised the public by the tre mendous pace with which she passed the leading horses. Lottery likewise made a great effort and succeeded in securing second place by about a neck, Sate winning the race by at least two lengths in the easiest manner. Kaiser was third, beating Dotcctive by about half a.length. This was one of the best races of the meeting. Time 1 minute 48 6-10ths seconds. Second Race.— The Craven Plate of 100 sovereigns, for 3 years and upwards; IJ mile. Entrance, 2J sovereigns. Mr. De llcstrc's b b Tim Whiffler, aged, 9 st 8 lbs (Donnelly).. 1 Forrester's.th f Moselle, 4 years, 8 st 7 lbs (Earosay) ... 2 Hopm's bl Lady Ciifden, 3 years, 6 st 12 lbs (Bryant) ... 3 J. Tait's b c Pearl, 4 years, 8 st 12 lbs (C. Stanley) .c Betting : 5 to 2 on Tim WhifBer ; 6 to 2 on Lady Ciif den ; 4 to 1 Moselle, 4 to 1 PearL An excellent start was effected, when 'Pearl and Tim Whiffier took up the running together, Lady,Clifden.being neck and neck, with Moselle about a length in the rear. At the Books Lady Ciifden (shot {past Tim and the Pearl, and at Johnny Cutts's was leading by a length, while the other three, horses Trere all abreast of each other. At the back of the course Lady Ciifden was still leading, and the other three horses gradually parting company, Tim going np quickly, Moselle coming after him, and Pearl bringing up the rear. As they neared the hill there was not six yards between the first and last horses. At the Trainers' Stand Tim WhifBer was given his head, and he at once went to the front', and Lady Ciifden made a rush at him, but although she passed Moselle she could not overtake the old favourite, who was sailing away with hands down quite at his ease. Whipcord and steel were brought into requisition by young' Bryant on Lady Ciifden, and she answered gamely at every stroke, but it was quite dear that Tim had it all his own way, and as they entered the straight he was leading by four or five lengths. The only question was as to ' second place, and a desperate race ensued between Lady Ciifden and Moselle. When they were within half a distance of the finish, Moselle got her nose in front, and Bhe took second position by about-half a length, Tim winning with the greatest ease by five lengths; Pearl was about four lengths in the rear of Lady Ciifden. Time, 2 minutes 17 3-10 seconds. ' , ? , Third Bace.— The Prince of Wales Stakes of 6 sovereigns each, with 60 sovereigns added, for 3 years and upwards ; 1} mile. Socondhorec 12 BevereignE out of the prize. The winner t» be sold by auction immediately after the race for £100 ; if for £80, allowed 7 lba ; £70, 12 lbs ; £60, 19 lbs ; £60, 28 lbs. The amount, if any, realised in excess of (the entered selling price to go to the fund. En trance, 1| sovereign. Mr.-W.Budttle'sbgBiikeof Athol, aged U55O), .(Ruddle) ... 1 Saoui's ch m Kate Dalrymplt, 4 yein (Bryant) ... ... 2 B. Kichard's bl m Deceptive, i Tears (£50), (Sherringham) S Bonis'schgSly Boots, aged (£50), -S.,Page) ? J. Onus's i bin Lucy, aged, (£50), (Carter). ' ... , Betting— 2tolv. Dukeand Athol, 2 to It. Kate Dal ryniplo 3 to 2 v. Deceptive, 6 to 2 v. Lucy. When thetdgnal-was -given the horses got away almost simultaneously, the Duke taking the lead, Lucy, Slyboots, Deceptive, and Kato Dalrymple following in the order named. When they passed the Grand Stand they still held the same positions. !only^that the distances between: the ' horses were increased, and when they arrived at the Bocks Kate Dalrymple was at least fifteen lengths behind: the ' leading horse. . They sailed away round the course ^ntil they came nearly opposite to the trainers' stand, when : Deceptive made his running and .passed Slyboots and Lucy ; Kate Dahymple here also was called upon, ? and she followed close upon the .flank of the Black mare,' Lucy falling off beaten. . O& 'turning. into the straight, running Kate Dalrymple answered gamely to the whip, and lessbned the fsp at every stride. At the distance post she :d«featea Deceptive and atruggled gamely for first banours, bat; was unable to dispossess the Duke, who had kept thelead from the jump. There wai about a length between the winner and Kate, and about the name distance betweeh.Jierj and Deceptive. Slyboots was a tolerable fourth, and Lucy but Time, 8 minutes IB seconds. ; ' Fourth Bace.— The A. J.C. Mares' Produce Stakes of 10 sovereigns each,, h. ft., 2|. sovereigns only if declared on thelst August, with 100 sovereigns from the A-J.C.added, for 3 Tears ; colts, 8 st 10 lbs.; fillies. 8 st 6 lbs. ! The winner of the Australian Derby Stakes 7 lb., of the A. J.C. Sires' Produce 6takes or Champagne ' Stakes 4 lb., of ' both 6 lbs. extra. 1} mile. The seoond horse to receive 10, and the third 6 per -oeah on the gross amount of the prise, to be deducted therefrom. 'Entries closed with 112 subscribers. lir.W. F. Brown's be Endeavour -T. Brown) ''...' ... 1 E. K. Cox's drch o Challenger (Thompson) ? 2 J. Taltfs bf Florence (J. Ash worth) ? S C. W. Lawson'6 ch i ninminaUon (Carter) J. . Lee's ch c Kecroit (S. Davis), Florence carried 11 lbs. penalties, makjag her weight 9Bt21bs. ' . Betting— 2 to 1 on Florence against the field, 25 to 10 v. Endeavour. A splendid start was effected1, in which Florence and Illumination went to the front, Recruit, Endeavour, and Challenger running together, about two lengths behind. In this order they passed the eland to the turn out of the Btraigbt running, ~whon Illumination fell down and threw her rider heavily. . At tho Rocks.Florence was still leading, Endeavour coming next. Challenger next, ana Be'cruit all behind. In 4his way: they continued to f tho back of the course, when .Endeavour made, a rush at. Florence, and raced at her until tho horses reached the trainers' stand, when, to the .sunrise of onlookers, the favourite .gradually gave place to Endeavour, who took up the running. At the turn into the straight, 'Challenger made -a -splendid effort, and in his .turn displaced Florence, and rushcS along side Endeavour. A most desperate race 'ensued both En deavour and Challenger receiving a liberal administration of whalebone all tho way down the straight; and, after a game racej Endeavour won by a neck; Florence had been pulled up when her chance was gone, and' was only kept .going in order not to ;be deprived of third place by-Recruit. Time. 2 minutes 20 £-10 seconds. ' ' - - Fifth Babe.— The Sydney Handicap of 10 sovereigns each, h. f ., or entranco only if declared by 25th Augut,wimlO0 -sovereigns added, ior-'-8']r8BiHiind-u.p-: ?wards; lt-milo. -Second horse 20 «overeignBi- from the prize. Weights on the 13th August. A winner pf any handicap thereafter to carry 5 lbs. extra. The winner of the Great Metropolitan Stakes S lbB, additional. - -Entrance, 2J sovereigns. . Mt.Chajfeu8ctBAT4on6yeaTS,.6st5ita(VWhlU) : ... 1 U. W^'scli h'TrumpCari,' 8 years, 7'st 10 lbs (8. .A.ThompBon';bl'TheBakcV5'ycarB,7'iilaoi»s7B.DaTW . ! Wtach'BbgMWeWoMyeareStfff.'Srowir) — ? ' ' Town's b m Carnation, C yean, 1 Bt 12 Ub (Green)' ' - ' Driscoll'B br ( Juanita, 4 yean, 1 Bt 6 lbs (Lewis) nogan's b c Ell, 3 rears, 0 et S lbs (It. Bryan) S. Bradbury's br m A 1, S years, 7 Bt 5 lbs (BoborU). Betting: 2 to 1 v. Trump Card, 6 to 1 v. Juanita, 6 to 1 v. Duke. After one unsuccessful attempt, the horses were got awaywcll together, and .Eli and Little Dick jumped off with the lend at n great pace, and all the others followed in a cluster. They came down the straight at a good bat, and wrnt by the Klnud in the following order : Eli, Litllo Dick, Ravdon, Al, The Duke, and the remainder all together, diglitly in the rear. On gaining the Rocks, Rawdon de prived Little Dick of second place, and Trump Card fol lowed suit for tho third position. Eli and Rawdon now commenced to race, and whon they had reached the back of the course they were neck and neck, at least ten lengths in advance of the second division) of which Juanita and 7'he Duke were last. As they neared the trainor's stand (be horses got into close order, . and on coming round into the straight Rnwdon had a. strong lead, and Eli fell off beaten. Trump Card and The Duke, who had separated themselves from the ruck, now nude their effort, and passed Eawdon. A desperate and exciting race enpuod between Trump Card and the Duke, both horseB being brought to the whip, and to all appearances the victory lay between them ; but when within half a distance of the post ' young White called upon Rawdon again, and the horse answering gamely, shot past and won the race by a good length, Trump paid beating the Duke for second place by about the same distance, Carnation'being a bad fourth, and the remainder straggling in at various intervals. Time, 2 jninufes 42 6-10 seconds. . Folium. Day, Saturday, Septehbeb 9th. ' The racing at a whole cannot betaken as above the aver age, the majority of. the finishes being too tamo to cause any great oxcitetnent. The first race was the Tradesman's Plate, in which Amethyst scored another victory, Little Dick being ' second , and Lady Ch'fden third. After thi* race a heavy shower fell and compelled the spectators to beat a hasty retreat to 'the 'stands, but -before the horses ?which were to start for the Grand Stand Plate had como out the rain ceased. His Excellency the Earl of Bclmorc, with the Countess, of Belmoreand suite,' arrived on the gifcund previous to this race, and were conducted to their box in the Grand Stand. His Excellency remained for some time on the course. The Grand Stand Plate was won by Mr. Uhde's Argyle, with the Spy second,' and The Quack third, Australian Buck and Marksman following. For the Wavcrley Handicap seven horses started, and the winner was found .in Trump Card, which finished the mile and' a quarter in 2 minutes 17 5-10ths seconds, Amethyst coming second, with The Duke third. The winner remained in the ruck up to the trainers' stand, when he came through his horees, and won with compara tive ease. KinehorsesoriginallyenteredforthcRandwick Plate, but. at tho start only Tim Whiffler and Pyrrhus faced the starter, and thorc could hardly have been any doubt as to the result. Pyrrhus kept in front on sufferance for two miles, when Tim took the lead and wan eshe'liked. The time recorded was 6 minutes 57 o-lOths seconds, not very extraordinary, but a good spin for Tait's tbrcc-ycar-old. The Forced Handicap, which brought the meeting to a close, was a very exciting race. Out of a large number of horses nominated only eight came to the post, and there was a harditruggle for first position. between Kaieer and Kate Dalrymplc, the former havingvery little to spare. The following is an account of the racing. First -Baco.— The Tradesmen's Plate of 40 sovereigns, added to a sweepstake of 4 sovereigns each ; for 3 years and upwards. Entrance 1 sovereign. 10 subscribers. Three quarters of ft mile. Mr.' A. Town's b m Amethyst, 3 years, 7 st 2 lbs (J. Suer rinclam) ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 \V.R.Bogan's 1) m Lady Ciifden, 3 ycars,;et2 lbs (11. Lewis) ? 2 W. WbFh'cb b little Dick, 4 years, « st91lis(T. Bromi) ... 3 . G. Tonne's ch h Koberto II Diavolo, 3 years, 7 st 7 lbs (Lodge) E. House's b f Zclica, 3 years, 7 Bt 2 lbs (Crawler). Lady Chtdcn was declared to carry 2 lbs. over weight. Betting : 3 to 2 v. Amethyst, 3 to 2 v. Lady Ciifden, and 5 to 2. v. Little Dick. A very good start was effected, when Little Dick jumped to the front, closely followed by Amethyst and Lady Ciif den — Roberto and Zelica bringing up the rear. At the hill AmetByst had passed Little Dick, and Lady Ciifden followed suit at a stashing pace, Roberto and Zclica still behind. ' In this order they passed the trainers' stand, and continued so td the turn, when Lady Ciifden was called upon, and she lessened the distance between her and Little Dick considerably. In coming into the straight Amethyst had still a strong lead, and Lady Ciifden and Little Dick were racing, both at the whip, fn the run home they made a desperate effort to overtake Mr. Town's filly, but she won easily by about two lengths. Lady Clifden second, a short half-length in advance of LittleDick, Roberto being fourth, and Zelica all behind. Time, 1 minute 17 6-10 seconds. Second Race —The Grand Stand Hate of 90 sovereigns, for 3 years and upwards. A winner of any race of the value of 60 sovereigns, 6 lbs; 100, 7 lbs ; 150, 10 lbs; 300, lilbB; S00, 19 lbs; 1000, 26 lbs extra. Entrance, 1\ sovereigns. 16 subscribers. One mile and a half. Mr. L. Ubde's b c Argyle, 3 years, 7 Bt 3 lbs. (S. Davis) ... 1 E. Harreyr6 b c The Spy, 3 years, 7st31bs (J. Brown) ... 2 John Tait's brc The Quack, 4 rears, 8st 12 lbs (J. Ash worth) ... ... ... ? 3 E. dc Mestre's b h Marksman, S years, 9 st 5 lbs (Donnelly) A. Town's b h Vanban, 5 years, 7 st 3 lbs (J. Sherringham) A. Town's brm Parasite, 8 years, «6t 12 U» (A. Shields) B. Jnrd's b b Australian Sock (late Hominey) 5 years, 9 st Slbs (Ramsay) E.B«ttBe'*b-f Valma,3yi»re,6rt'mta(Cnnrioy). : Betting: 2 to 1 v. The' Spy, 5 to 2 v. Australian Buck, 4 to 1 v. Marksman, and5 to il v. The Quack. Before the signal was given to' start there were two breakaways, in which, on both occasions, Argyle and Vanban were hard to puB np. At the third attempt the horses were got away on tolerably equal terms, The Quack being first He did not, however, retain his position, and am passing the stand the first time Parasite was leading, /Spy and Marksman being nearly abreast cloEe behind*— Mr. Harvey's colt and the remainder coming in a cluster a few .lengths in the rear. In this order they continued past the Bocks to the back of the course, when Valeria: collared Mnrkeman, who had fallen off from the Spy, and the two former again closed upon the two leading horses. At the trainers' stand they retained their relative positions, but in much closer order, and the race at this time appeared to be a very uncertain one. In coming round the turn into the stand 'Vanban fell, and threw young Sherringham very heavily, by 'which he was much bruised and shaken ; and Argyle, who had been called upon by Crawly rushed through his horses to the front. .Marks man, Valeria, and Parasite, were here all behind, The Spy was second, and . the Quack and Australian Buck racing for a place. . At tho finish Argyle won by a length. Spy f*cond, and the Quack beating, the Buck by a neck for third position, Marksman fifth. Time, 2 minute* 48 6-10 seconds. Third Race.— The Wayorley Handicap of 8 sovereigns each, half forfeit, or entrance fee only if declared by 25th August,, with 40 sovereigns added, for 3 years and up wards;' second horse 16 sovereigns from the prize ; weights on the 15th August. -A winner of any handicap thereafter to carry 7 lbs. extra. The winner of the Great Metro politan Stakes, 6 lbs. ; of the Sydney Handicap, 5 lbs. ; of both; 9 IbB. additional. Entrance 2 sovereigns. '22 sub scribers. One mile and a quarter. Mr. G. Adams's cbhTrumpCard, 6 years.SstlOlbs (Holmes) 1 Town's br m Amethyst, S years, 7 st (Sherringham) ... 2 A. Thompson's b h The Duke, 5 years, 8 st 10 lbs (C. Stanley) 3 \V. -Ri Hogan'e b h Ely, 3 years, 7 st (H. Lewis) S. H. Terry's ch h Lottery, i years, 4S et 13 lbs ChaffenachhBawden,S years, 7st jibs J. Canrm'G b g Binaldo, 6 yearn, J st 3 lbs. Bawden carried 12 lbs. penalty, making his weight 8 st. 3 lbs.; and Eli was declared to carry 2 lbs. over. Betting : Even on Trump Card against the field, 9 to 1 v. Eli, 4 to 1 v. The Duke, and 6 to 1 v. Eawdon. At the start, Lottery and RinaUo got the best of it, the former rushing in advance and taking a slight lead bf Rinaldo, the remainder of tin horses being all together about a couple of lengths behind Mr. C&nvin;'s golding. When they reached the back of the oonrse, Lottery and Binaldo .were racing neck and neck about six. lengths ' in advance of flie rear guard. At the bilL: Eli left the ruck and challenged Binaldo, who had fallen slightly behind Lottery. On reaching tho trainers' stand, Trump Card could be seen coming rapidly through his horses, and by the time they reached the turn into the straight he had secured the front position. Amethyst was now called upon, as was also The Duke, and they both made a splendid effort to overtake the favourite, bnt were unable to do so, and Trump Card was landed an easy winner by four lengths, Amethyst beating The Duke for second plaee.the other horses straggling in almost in Indian file. Tune, 2 minutes 17. €-10 seconds. ' Fourth Race.— The Randwick Plato of 200 sovereigns for 3 years and upwards. Entranoe, 6 sovereigns : 9 sub scribers. .Three miles. Mr. E. de HeBtrc's b h Tim Whiffler, aged, 10 el 1 lb (Don J/Talrtbhl^hUB.'SjTMetJilb (Cavanagbj '.'.'. 2 Betting : 10 to 1 on Tim Whiffler. Only two horses out of the nine entered on the race card started for this rape, Tim WhifBer and Mr. Tait's colt Pyrrhus. It is «. race very easily described. At the start Pyn-Eus went to' the front .and led for the first mile and a half, the pace being considered slow. When they reached the Rocki^lhe second time Tim was sent to the front, and he continued to lead to' the end of the race, winning easily by (our or five lengths. Although it was considered from the | start that Pyrrhus had scarcely the ghost of a chance, it cannot be denied that he ran a game race, and, consider ing Hhat ho is not three vears old for two months to come, ' the toorformance showed him to be a splendid colt. Time, 6 minutes 67 5-10 seconds. Fifth Race.— The Forced Handicap of 6 sovereigns each, for all winners, Derby and Mares' Produce Stakes winners oxecpted, for whom and all beaten horses the entrance is optional, but acceptance obligatory ; entranoe for such will cIobo at 3.80 p.m., except for those running in the Rand wick Phite, for which the entrances willicloso ten minutes ' after the decision bf that race. The ' winner to pay five . guineas to the Club. One mile and a quarter. ' Mr. 'Uide'egrc Kaiser, 8 et2 lbs (Pepper) .... ... :.. 1 «aqui'e cf Kate Dulrymple, 6 st 12 lbs (Bryant) ? 2 ? Elcliards's bl m Deceptive, 8 st 2 lbs (White) ? 3 Euddell's b g Duke of Atbol, 7 st S lbs Talfs c c Detective, 7 st 4 lbs Town's b m Carnation, 7 st 12 lbs Bradbury's br m A 1, 7 st 7 lbs A. Thompson's ch m Eosebud, 7 st 7 lbs Town'6 bri raradlse, 7 st 6.1bs E. Lee's b h Tartiuan, 7 st 4 lbs. letting: 3 to 1 v.' Kate Dalrymplo, 3 .to 1 v. Duke of . AthoL and 4 to 1 v. Deceptive. ? , After some little troublo the flag fell to n tblerable start, 'when Bosobud and Detective got' to/fiio -front*- and tho remainder in compact order close behind. The shades of evening wore dosing in, and when they had passod Johnny Cutts's it was impossible to distinguish the colours from the Stand, and we are unable to say in what order the horfcs mn until they came into the straight. On coming closer, however, it was discovered that Kaiser was leading, and Deceptive close up, but when within a dozen lengths of lit me Kate Dalrymple rushed past the black marc and collared Kaiser, who barely won by a short neck, Decep tive tbiid, three lengths behind. Time, 2 minutes 17 6-10 seconds, This brought the meeting to a close, which may be con sidered to have been one of the mort satisfactory ever bold at Rnndvick. Bakdwick Spuing Meeting.— Settling Night. — There- was a very large meeting in Tattereall's Boom, on Monday, for tho purpose of settling up on tho race meeting just concluded. The bookmakers and sport ing men appeared to square their accounts very satisfac torily, and, with one or twa small exceptions, there was no mention of any default in payment of wagers lost. After most of the private business had been disposed of, Mr. Buchan Thomson paid over the prizes won at tho meeting, amounting to £4068 6s., tho principal winners being : Mr. Winch. £937; Mr. J. Tail, £617; Mr. Brown, £447 6s. ; Mr. A. Town, £390; Mr. De Mestre, £325 ; Mr. Uhde, £209 ; Wr. J.' Adams, £207 ; Mr. B. Richards, £205 ; Mr. Hogan, £191 ; and Mr. Saqui, £135. In addition to the money paid over in prizes, there was a Urge nmount paid in sweeps. After the financial business of tho evening had been disposed of, Mr. Driver was railed to the chair, and the champagne flowed freely— Mr. Winch, Mr. A. Town, Mr. Brown, and Mr. Hogan being the liberal contributors. The chairman proposed, successively.' the healths cf Mr. -Winch, Mr. Town, Mr. Brown, Mr. John Tait, Mr. Hogan, and Mr.Baqui, and complimented those gentlemen upon the sportsmanlike conduct, (hey had on all occasions manifested. Mr. Winch,,Mr. Brown, Mr. Saqui, and Mr. Hogan returned thanks. The chairman then proposed tke health of the officials of the Randwick racecourse, coupled with the name of the secretary, Mr. Buchan Thomson, and the ; toast was very well received. Mr. Thomas West then, in a vciy complimentary speech, proposed tho health of the' handicappers, and said that the duty they had performed at the late meeting had been a very arduous one, but the close finishes of the various handicaps had proved they had done their duty well. The toast was received exceedingly well, and the business terminated. 