ROCKHAMPTON. We have files of the Rockhampton papers to the 11th instant. We extract the following from the Bulletin :— LLEWELLYN E. DAVIS, who had been con- victed of manslaughter, was brought up for sentence at the Circuit Court, on Friday, October 7. Messrs. Charles Haynes Morgan, Richard Josiah Robinson, and Inspector Elliott, severally gave evidence as to prisoner's charac- ter. In each case the testimony was favourable, the prisoner being spoken of as a quiet inoffen- sive person. Other testimony of a similar nature was forthcoming, but was not required. His Honor the Chief Justice said (with much emotion), Llewellyn Edward Davies, This is not a case in which character can be of any use. No doubt many other witnesses could be brought to give similarly favorable testimony. You must not think me destitute of sympathy for your sad position or your domestic unhappi- ness. Since the adjournment of the Court, yesterday, I have given your case anxious con- sideration. But the sentence of the Court can- not be lenient, or one of slight severity. You have heard the evidence given, and must have seen that facts have transpired which will not allow me to give way to sympathetic feeling. It is my duty—and a very painful duty—to sen- tence you to a long and ignominious captivity, and one embitterd by reflections on the dreadful crime you have committed—which cannot fail to have a withering influence on the rest of your life. It has transpired during the trial that you are a man of social position, and this adds to the pain and regret I feel in passing sentence upon you. But sympathy must not be allowed to distract my judgment. Is Justice to stay her hand when she strikes the man of education, and reserve her terrors for those who have at least ignorance to plead in extenuation of their wrong- doing? She must not stay her hand, or many men, emboldened by impunity, will give reins to their passions and inflict death upon women while pretending to administer deserved correction. I must exercise the powers society has confided in me for the protection of its pre- cious interests. A light punishment in your case would give rise to a feeling of insecurity in the community. With deep pain I pronounce the sentence of the Court, which is, seven years penal servitude. NEW ZEALAND GULLY.—There is consider- able excitement at New Zealand Gully about the quartz reefs or leaders, which are turning out unusually rich. We hear favorable accounts from Stewart's, King's, Honest Bob's, Johnson and party's, and Mitchell and Callagher's reefs. Last Thursday or Friday, Stewart and party washed out 16½ ozs (which, by-the-way, was commonly reported to be 60 ozs.), and they are said to have obtained 75 ozs. for the week's work. King washed out of a tin dish a parcel of gold which appeared to be a pound weight, but after cleaning made 7 ozs. ; and other reef claims are said to be doing equally well. Johnson and party's reef is from 10 inches to 16 inches thick. The stuff from the face yields from 4 dwts. to 5 dwts. to the bucket. The stone looks very well. The yield is of a remarkably coarse, jagged character, and the reefers are in high spirits, hourly expecting heavy finds. The reports vary, as is usually the case in such matters, but from what we hear, there is a fair prospect of the reefs in that lo- cality turning out better than any others in the district. A report came in from Cawarral yes- terday, that a man whilst looking for cattle for one of the Cawarral butchers, came across a rich patch of ground high up the steep side, near the top of the mountain at New Zealand Gully, from which he got 30 ozs. from a tin dish of stuff. The report is not confirmed. There are still from 600 to 700 miners scattered about the ranges at the head of Stony Creek, a fair proportion of whom seem to be doing well. The alluvial is not expected to last out much longer, but the reefs bid fair to outstrip the yields of the alluvial workings. M'Grath's reef, on the top of the mountain, at the head of Noble's Gully, is yielding some very good gold. They are sinking a shaft to open out the reef. The Northern Argus of the 10th contains the following :— THE GOVERNOR'S PICNIC.—The invitation of His Excellency to the principal residents of the place to accompany him as his guests to West- wood, where a magnificent collation was await- ing them, was heartily and numerously re- sponded to, and the joyous throng left by train on Saturday, determined to make a day of it. When the serious business of the hour—the gastronomic part—was over; when pyramids of flesh, fowl, and fruit had disappeared, and champagne ceased flowing; the beauties of nature exerted their claims to notice, and the company spread themselves all about, in the highest good humor with themselves and every- body else, particularly their host, who "led the laughter and enjoyed the conversation." Just before leaving by the return train, which started at a quarter to 7, exhausted nature received a further recruiting from additional refreshment, and the company reached town about half-past 8 o'clock. There was no speechifying (that ghost to enjoyment)—a wise prohibition. Pity it can't be followed on other occasions. THE BACHELORS' BALL,—This affair, which came off on Thursday evening last, at the School of Arts, was not only a credit to the stewards but to the place, and was got up in a style certainly superior to anything of the kind we have as yet witnessed in Rockhampton. The hall of the building was tastefully decorated with floral designs, well lighted, and the floor polished as if for a sliding match. Shortly after 9 o'olock the guests began to show, and con- tinued to arrive in hot haste during the next half-hour, at the termination of which His Excellency made his appearance and opened the ball, which was kept rolling at a pace that tried the stamina of the orchestra, which was more than once knocked out of time. The spirit with which the dance was kept up seemed as if it had been bottled up for the occasion, and was re- served for this particular event, which was a perfect whirl of enjoyment, a regular "merry- go-round" of pleasure. "Now here, now there, Giving light as it flies, From the lips to the cheek, From the cheek to the eyes." occasionally interrupted by a visit to the supper- room to recruit exhausted nature, and where, literally speaking, every delicacy of the season, certainly of the place, was provided by the caterer, Mr. Cramp, of the Criterion Hotel, who evidently spared neither trouble nor expense in his efforts to do justice to the occasion. The "spread" was not only lavish in the extreme but choice, and the wines infinitely superior to the usual run supplied at entertainments of the kind, the champagne particularly, which was unexceptionable. Independent of the different pieces de resistance, the solids, there was a regular battue of turkeys and fowls, while every spare inch of the festive board was covered with fruit and confectionery in abundance. Few of the delicacies received that attention from the ladies which from their tempting nature was to have been expected, a neglect altogether owing, not to the fair guests want of appreciation of the good things before them, but from the great want of judgment displayed by one of the stewards, who insisted upon having the seats or chairs which had been placed round the table removed, thus depriving the tired dancers of that interval of rest which was looked for, and compelling them to stand at the very time they should sit down—the conse- quence was, that the fatigue of standing, after two or three hours dancing was so painful, that the ladies were unable to do justice to the deli- cacies provided, and were only too glad to re- turn to the ball-room, where plenty of seats were to be had, a very fair sign that wall flowers were scarce. The hours continued to be "chased with flying feet" until they, the hours, not the feet, grew small, and the light waned, a signal reluctantly obeyed by the guests, who departed just about the time that tasty creature, the early bird, is supposed to be catching the inevitable worm. 