POPULAR WOMEN. ?-' ;? -' ? ? ?. -^ ...(Saturday lUrUw.1 ? The three chief causes of personal popu larity are the admiration which ia excited, ?j»~mfl^sjB-Mt^.-^vhichjJa pivcn, or .the pleasure that Tcan beTBelS^I^fWJrpBrt? out of court for our present purpose -the popularity which accompanies political power or intellectual strength, this, being' due to condition, not quality, and there fore not of the sort wo. mean ; besides, it belongs, to mdn rather than to women, ? who seldom have anv direct nower that can advance others, and still soldomer ''?'? intellectual — strength—enough— to..._._ob-_ tain a public following because of their confessed supremacy. The popular women we mean are simply those met^rith in society, women whoso natural plac\is the drawing-room and whose sphere is the — — agelUressed world., women who are cm phatically ladies, and who un-lerstand~7eF convenances and obey them, oven if they take up a cause and prnotiso philanthropy or preach philosophy. But the popular woman rarely does tako up a cause, or make her philanthropy, conspicuous or her philosophy audible. Partisanship implies angles, and sbe has no angles. If of the class of the admired, she is most popular who is least obtrusive in her claims and most ingenious in ignoring her superiority. A pretty woman, however ffcett}', if ? affected, vain, or apt to give herrelf airs, may be admired, but is never popular. :v, ... The. men whom- she snubs sneer at her in ;' private; the women whom she eclipses- as ... . well as snubs' do more than sneer ; those ? only to whom she Ts- gracious .find _her beauty a thing of joy, but as she is dis itractingly eclectic in her favouritism she '' counts aa many foes as she has friends ; .and though those who dislike her cannot call her ugly, they can call her disagree able, and do. But the pretty woman who r wears her beauty to all appearance uncon fet sciously, never suffering it to be aggressive j^ to other women nor wilfully employing it ™ for the destruction of men, who is gracious '*? in manner and of a pleasant temper, who ? is frank and approachable, and does not :j seem to consider herself as Hometfi^ng^acred -? and set apart from the world because' nature made her lovelier tjian the rest— Bhe is the woman whom alll unite ' in ad miring, the popular person par excellence of her set. f The popular pretty woman is one who, ; take her as a young wife (and she must be married), honestly loves her husband, but j does not thrust her affection into the face ? of the world, and never flirts with him in ? B public. Indeed, she flirts with other men y . juBt enough to make' time pass pleasantly, I and enjoys a rapid waltz or a lively con |j a vernation as much as 'when she was K ? seventeen, and before she was appro R priated. She does not think it necessary I*; to go about morally ticketed, nor does she & find it necessary for her dignity or her K,» virtue to fence herself round with coldness H; or. indifference to the multitude by way of R- proving her loyalty to-one. Still, as it is E. notorious that she does love her husband, Bp-^nd as every one knows that they are per K fectly content with each other, and there Wm fore not on the look-out for supplements, KLthe men with whom she has those ^?linnocent little jokes, those / transparent ^K^secrets, those animated conversations, that '''''''''^confessed friendship . and good under Hp standing, do. not 'make mistakes, and the Bp'£very women belonging to them forget to W: be censorious, even though Bhe is so much f- - . admired. She is a mother too, and a fond I one, so can sympathise with other mothers, and expatiate on her nursery in the conn dental chat over five o'clock tea, as all fond mothers do and should. She keeps a well-managed house, and is notorious for | the amount of needlework she gets through, | and of which she is prettily proud, not I being asliamed to tell yon that the dress '. you admire so much was made by her own !; ? Hindu, and she will give your wife the j pattern if she likes ; while, she boasts of ;l even roiigher upholstery work which she I and her maid and her sewing-machine I have got through with dispatch and credit. I Bhe gives dinners with a cachet of their I own, and that have . been evidently I planned with 'careful thought and study .f I , and hIi-; is not above her work jm mistress I and organizer of her household.'. Yet she I finds -time to keep abreast with the current I. literature of the day, and never lias to I confess to ignorance of the ordinary, topics I of conversation. .. She in not a woman of I t-xtrmiie . viowH al-out anything.. Bho.haH I' not signed improper papers, unddexm not I ? discuss improper questions; slio dora not f go in for woraiin'ii righto ; she ha« ivlwrror I . of facility of divorce ; and, she sets up for I nothing — being neither an Advanced Woman desirous of usurping the posses sions and privileges of men, nor a Griselda who thinks her proper place is at the feet of men, tp: tako their kicks with patience ?nnd their caresses with gratitude, as is becoming .in* an- -inferior creature* She 'dc^.ndMftbbJa^JiwmliMsli-Jil^UiiSS^ she likes '.to make, her dinners successful' and her oveniiigs brilliant, she by . no means assumes to. bo a leader of fashion, or to impose' laws on her circle. 'Shelikes to be admired, and she is always ready to let herself be loved ; she is always ready, too, to do any good work .that comes in her way, and she finds time for the careful overlooking of a few pet charities, about whicKshomiikes no- parade, -just, as _she. finds time for her nursery and her needle work. And, truth to tell, she enjoys these qiiiet hours, with only her children to love her and hor poor pensioners to admire her, quite as much as she enjoys ?tlii^inlliiint-reecptiomwhero she is among the most popular and the most beautiful. Her nature is gentle, her. affections large, her passions small ; she may -have jpreju-. dices, but they are ladylike prejudices of a mild kind, mainly on the side of modesty' and and tenderness and the' quietude' -of 'womanhood. She iB woman throughout, without the fiiintest dash of the masculine element in mind or manners, and she nspires to nothing, else. Sho carries with her^ an atmosphere of happiness, of con tent,', of spiritual completeness, of purity which is liot prudery ; her mind is filled with a variety of. -interests; consequently bIio is-iiever..peovish through monotony^ nor yet, on the other hand, is she excited, hurried, storm-driven, as those who give t'h¥ip8elves''lip''tbJ-' objects,1— and-perfect nothing because they attempt too much. She is popular, because she is beautiful without being vain, loving without being sentimental ;. happy in herself, yet. not indifferent to others ; because she under stands her drawing-room duties as well as her nursery ones, and knows how to com bine domesticity with 'social ' sple^lour. This is the best type of the popular pretty woman to whom is given admira tion, and against whom no one has a stone to fling or a slander to ? whisper ; and- this f is' the ideal '.woman -''of? the English upper-class homo, of which, thank heaven, we still raise a few specimens, just:to show what women may be if they like, and what sweet and lovely creatures they are when they are content to bo as nature designed them.' Another kind of popular woman is the sympathetic woman, the woman who gives instead, of .. receiving. This kind is of variable conditions. She may be old.; she may be ugly ; in fact, she is more often both than neither, but she is a universal favorite notwithstanding, and no woman is more sought 'after or less wearied of, although none can say why they like her. She may be married, but generally Bhe is either a widow or an old maid ; . as, if a wife, her sympathies for tlnngs abroad are necessarily somewhat cramped by the pressure of the home life, and her sym pathies are her claim to popularity. She is sincere, too, as well as sympathetic, and she ia( safe. She holds the Becrets both of opinion and deed, of all her friends, but no one suspects that. any- one has confided secrets to her before himself. She has the art, or rather the charm, of perpetual spiritual freshness, and all her friends think in turn that the fountain has been unsealed now for the first time. This is not artifice ; it is simply the property of deep and inexhaustible sympathy. It is not necessary that sho should be a wiBe adviser to be popular. Her province is to listen and to sympathise, , to gather the sorrows and the joys of others into, her own breast, so ? as to soften by sharing or heighten by reduplication. Most fre quently, too, she is. not- over rigid in her notions of moral prudence/and will lot a love-sick girl talk ofl her lover, even if the affair, is hopeless, and lias been for bidden, while she will, do hor best to soothe the man who has had the misfor tune to get erased about his friend's wifp. She has been even known,undor pressure, to i convey a message or a hint;- and of tho two she in decidedly more pitiful to 'sorrow than severe to wrong-doing. Sho is in at all tho misfortunes and 'maladies of her' friends. . No death takes place without her bearing part of the 'mourning on her own soul, but then no marriage, is consider'*! complete in which sho has not. a shorn. Hh« is'uillcd on to help when ever there is. work to lie done, if she if) of the '.practical' ty|K! ; if only of -tho mental, she lias merely to give .up her own pleuiiuics litid her ti'irio, that she may look on and sympathise. Every one likes her, everyone takes to her at 'find' flight;. no one is jealous of her, and the law of her life is to spend and be -spent for others. It not {infrequently happens though, that sho who- does so much for those others has to bear her own burden unassisted ;..and that sho sits at homo surrounded by tho spectres of, despair, tho ghosts of sorrow, =KMslL,«fi!!?^l?8lp? .._*g.. dispel from their homes. But'sheisnof'selfiSlP^andwhile she trudges along cheerfully, enough under the heavy end of her friends' 'crosses, Bhe asks no one to lay so much as afinger on her own. In consequence of which no one imagines that she ever suffers at all on hor own account ; and most of her friends would tako it as a personal affront were she to turn the tables and ask for that of which she had givon so-much -to .others.. She is the moral anodyne of her. circle, and when she ceases to soothe, she abdi cates the function assigned to her by, nature and dies out. of her allotted uses. - . ' ' . '? ' ' . — Another—kind of popular person is the woman whose -sympathies are mofe super ficial, but whose faculties are more bril-. liant ; . tho woman- .who - makes herself agreeable, as it is called— that is, who can talk when she is wanted to talk, listen when she is wanted to listen, take a promi nent part and some responsibility or keep her personality 'in the background, according to circumstances and the need of the , moment ;' eminently a useful .member of society, and popular just in proportion to the pleasure she can shed around hor. — But she offends no one, even though sho is notoriously sought after and tfnade'much of ;, for she is good-natured to all,, and people are not jealoui of those who flaunt their successes, and whom 'popularity does not- make insolent.— ^-The popular woman of this kind is always ready to help in the' pleasure of others. She is a fair-weather friend and shrinks with the most' alarming -.frankness . from those on whom dark, days have fallen. She is really very sorry when any of her friends fall out from the ranks,, and are left behind to the tender mercies of. those cruel' camp-followers' in the march of me — sorrow or sickness; but she feels that her place is not with them — rather with the^ singers and players who are making things pleasant' for 'the' main body, -But if she cannot stop to smooth the pillows of a dying-bed', or soothe the~ troubles of an aching heart, she can organise delight ful parties,- set young people to congenial games, takes, off bores on to ; her own shoulders, and oven utilise them for the neutralisation of other bores ; she is good for the bock seat or the front, as is most convenient to others ; she can'shinu at the state dinner where you want a serviceable show, or make a diversion in the quiet, not to say stupid, conglomerate of fogies, where you want a lively element to prevent universal stupor;' she talks easily and well, and even brilliantly when on her mettle, but not enough to excite men's envy ; and sho has no decided opinions. She ia a chameleon, an opal, changing ever in changing lights, and no one was yet known to' determino her central quality. All that can be said of her is that she is good-natured and amusing, clever, ' facile, and over ready to assist in all kinds of gatherings which she has the knack of making ' go,' and' which -would have boon *slpw without her.; that sho knows ovory game that was ever invented, -and is good for every sort of festivity; that she is always weil-dressed, even tempered, and in* (apparently) unwearied spirits and superb Health ; but what- rilio is. at homo, when the world is shut out, never troubles the thoughts of any. She is to sooioty what tho sympathetic woman is to the individual, and the reward is much the same in both cases. But unless tho socially useful . woman has been able to secure tho interest of tho sympathetic oho, the chances are that popular as she is now, she will bo shunted to the sido when, her time of brilliancy has passed ; and that, when' lier last hour comes, it will find lior without .tho comfort of a friend, 'forsaken' und forgotten.' Sho is of tho kind to whom me. transit more especially applios ; and if her life's food has riot been quite' the husks, at all events it has not been serviceable. ov enduring bread. . ' 