RAIN. TO THE EDITOR. SIB.—Not having much to do in the way of writing down here, I sometimes amuse mysalf over my pipe with taking a look at the papers. I can't endure those wretched dailies—never could—and I often look on my old pet, Pasquin, with regret. Perhaps there may be a little of my infernal pride about the last remark, because, though the imitation of my style is not bad, it is not the real original. I won't say why I select your paper for the present communication, except in one particular. I see you have lately begun to appreciate my dearly beljved " Little Energy." Well, I must say I was sorry to be sent to the Shades before his return from the Northern Territory. - How gladly would I have welcomed him back, when I found my wish was not gratified by Allah, whom I earnestly prayed to permit the alligators to -'delir ate his (L. E.'s) limits." Waat a pity they tr tne blacks, or somebody, did not make him " inconspicuous." I shall Have something to say by-and-bye abonf the neat trick by which he did the surveyors out of their promised .£2,000 bonus after securing .£3,000 to his own enormous cheek. Bnt I am drawling. I don't feel very well to-day; however, I will come to tho point. I see you are badly in want of rain about Gawler and on the Diggings—we are much in the same case here; but I have a suggestion to make. They have had plenty of rain, too much in fact, on the Sydney and Victorian side; now you should petition Parliament to send over your Rainmaker to the other side to "delineate their limits" for them; perhaps he would drive some of the rain to your colony. I dare say he'd do it for another £3,000—(paid in advance of course)—try him. You must get something done soon, and if Little Energy can't do it I don't know another Rainmaker in the colony. Todd is no good at it at all. At any rate you would get rid of L. E. for a, time, and perhaps his talents might be so appreciated in New South Wales that he would be made Great Mogul and bottle washer extraordinary. Yours fraternally, The Shades, April 28, 1870. MITFOBD'S GHOST. 