i'i 'Bits ani ifetrljCH. StJLES CLAY'S DREAM, 'the most interesting old towns ind is Newark-upon-Trent. It i one object, especially, of imile historical renown — the sturuins of the castle, which yet lly challenge fthe eye of the aing traveller. ; It was mainly Alexander bishop of Lincoln ituries ago, on the site of a for- Dposed to have been founded [tomans; and within its walls ing John; some say of chagrin floss of his baggage and treasures sing the Lincolnshire "Washway ; assert that he was poisoned by a It sustained three terrific sieges the great civil war (when it was led by 10,000 troops), and |the last hope of the, king was jd by its surrender to the comrms of the Parliamentarians and the place where the latter enin the meadows yet being by traces of their entrenchehich bore the name of f Edin- A more loyal town than King Charles never possessed, would not have surrendered 1 under the most appalling emerhad not the infatuated monarch ately commanded the governor to although the latter, with tearful lence, knelt to his misguided Br, and implored him to permit Ivoted subjects to hold out longer, |ey effectually would have done. ; the exception of Oxford, Newark 'ie last town of note which upheld syal cause, and Cromwell lost no I in demolishing its famous castle j>n as it fell into his power. |o centuries ago! One sighs to bow many noble hearts which beat warmly, and how many kis sons of genius then in their have long ago mouldered into The eyes which then beamed love, and seemed immortal in jgrivid beauty—the fairest of earth's "lters und the brave&t; of her sons flourishing — have generations jassed away for ever; yet still do. emains of those grey old towers ir themselves almost unchanged, ler century from this hour, and jonay be the same, and the world |Jbe filled with as much beauty, Jery, and genius as ever, but all ffriow gladdens it will have vanished, »ng not a trace of its existence in the " Tis a sad and solemn thought, let eternity gather her own. In connection with one of the sieges "iewark Castle, we have a story to te; and we may as well tell the ier at once that it is strictly founded ^incontestable facts, the proofs of ich, like the bricks of Jack Cade's fimney,' are alive at this day to testify ' There was an alderman of Newark— ^lercules Clay—a portly, ruddy man, ike those whom old Chaucer loved pourtray, and one whom Shakspere uld have classed among his ' sleekided men, and such as sleep o'nights,' the wealthy alderman had all his ' snored away the hours of witch nd ghost,' and even the exciting and Writ- daunting prolonged siege had not hitherto deprived him of health and appetite, and he regularly enjoyed the uerdon generally attendant on a good onscience and faultless digestion. A famous man in his day and generation was Hercules Clay, a'warm'man—a 'man of substance, of high repute among his fellow burghers, and surpassed by none in loyalty and de- : votion to the then desperate cause of ; his beleaguered monarch. On the morning of the Uth March, 1643, the worthy alderman could not help marvelling at the pale and perturbed aspect of his favourite daughter, Cicely. ' What ails thee, girl V Cicely looked dubiously at her stalwart father, and at length timedly asked him whether he believed in dreams? Hercules opened his eyes very widely, and whistled very softly, and then burst into a hoarse laugh, that shook his mellow sides. 4 Because I've had a very dreadful one, indeed, this last night!' ' Humph ! Did'st fancy that one of the crop-haired, canting roundheads was kissing thee ?' e No, father: but it was something worse than that.' ' Worse than that,' echoed the alderman, with sudden emphasis, and not a little stern displeasure in his tone, ' May I turn traitor to my king, if I can imagine anything worse befalling the daughter of a royalist! Worse than that, indeed. Cicely, I'm ashamed of thee.' The poor girl murmured deprecatinglv that she had dreamed something exceedingly awful, and that she felt a presentiment that a terrible calamity overhung her family; and <t}ien she hid her face within her hands, and burst into tears. The alderman loved his Cicely dearly, and hastily swallowing a draught of potent ale from the black, silver-hooped flagon which graced the breakfast table, as was customary in those days, he gently drew his daughter on his knee, and kissed her tenderly. ' What, Cicely ! Cheer up, my girl. Art thou afeard of a dream—an old wife's hobby ? Good heart! this passes all. Why, I never remember having a dream this twenty years ; and as to believing in dreams, I'll ne'er believe in one, though the king—God bless him !—dreamt it himself, until Sweet /£/«* is silenced, and I see the crophaired knave's bit of dirty rag flaunting from the keep of our castle instead of the royal standard—and that is not likely to come to pass this hundred years, I'll warrant!' I he alderman spoke what he really believed, but how long his contempt of dreams was to last, will speedily appear. Having to some extent soothed the trembling girl, Hercules sallied forth, as was his wont,to haveachat with a friend of his, an officer in command of one of the gates. As the alderman approached the postern, he perceived that something unusual had occurred, by the stir among the soldiers and the grouping together of the townspeople. Quickening his step, and elbowing his portly person through the crowd with the freedom of one in authority, he speedily found himself in presence of the object of interest—a bearer of a white flag sent by the Parliamentarians from their camp on Beacon Hill (a small eminence a mile from the town), charged with a message to the governor of Newark, Lord B . Now, if there was one thing on earth towards which Hercules Clay entertained an irreconciliable hatred, it was a roundhead. In his estimation, they who bore the abhorred name were children of perdition, and if he could have had his will, all who were in arms against the king would have been delivered to a death not quite so speedy nor gentle as hanging. With profound disgust and disfavour, therefore, did he glance at the messenger, whom the officer in charge of the gate was about to send under escort to the house of the governor, when Hercules drew him aside, and, with the familiarity of an old friend, earnestly enjoined that the roundhead should not be permitted to advance until he was securelyblindfolded. In vain the officer laughed at what he deemed an unnecessary precaution, for the alderman insisted upon it on the plea that every unclean, crop-haired knave in existence was by nature a subtle spy. . He carried his. point. A handkerchief was firmly tied around the eyes of the messenger, and Hercules himself accompanied the soldiers who guarded him to the governor's house, which was situated in Stedman Street, just opposite the alder- man's own. After the man had there a brief interview with the governor, he was again blindfolded, and conducted back to the gate, and there dismissed to rejoin his own people. This incident will be found to bear a great influence on the fact which we have to relate. That evening the alderman was in high spirits, for a rumour had reached Newark of some trifling success gained elsewhere by the royal arms, and the partisans of the cause, as usual in such cases, had magnified it into a good victory, from which decisive triumphs were to result. He pinched poor Cicely's cheeks, and joked her about her dream, and bade her, when she next saw visions, let them be of gallant cavaliers, and not of scurvy roundheads, or else he would never believe she was a daughter of his. After draining a foaming cup to the success of the king's arms and the speedy downfall of his enemies, the doughty royalist retired to rest, and speedily slept as soundly as was his wont. Not long did his sleep last, however. He awoke with a start, and vigorously rubbed his eves in great bewilderment. For the first time for many years, he had actually had a dream—and a dream so distinct and exciting, that it awoke him with intense tribulation. He growled testily for a minute or two, and uttered some expressions of vexation at the idea that even he, Alderman Hercules Clay, should become a dreamer, and then he added an objurgation against the canting roundheads, muttering to himself that it must have been the sight of their messenger in the morning which had caused this extraordinary thing to befall him. After pandering a little, too, on the dream of his daughter the previous night, he soon fell asleep again. A second time he awoke suddenly, and with drops of anguish on his brow. Precisely the same dream had recurred with appalling distinctness, and the stout-hearted sceptic in such supernatural phenomena quailed in spite of himself. He remained much longer awake on this occasion, and, although anything but a logical philosopher, mentally argued the matter over, but without arriving at a conclusion either satisfactory or consolatory. Briefly, but fervently commending himself to God's protection, he turned his face to the wall, and once more slumbered. For the third time he awoke, in an agony of dread. The dream had recurred with increased potency, and no longer did he, being a devout man, dare to question that it was a special interposition of Providence designed to warn him of impending destruction. His dream was, that his house was in flames in the dead of the night. Springing from his bed, Hercules aroused his family, and instantly compelled all to flee from the doomed spot. Hardly was this effected, ere a bombshell, fired by the Parliamentarians from Beacon Hill, fell on the roof, and pierced through to the very basement. Subsequently, it was discovered that the messenger whom Hercules had caused to be blindfolded had cunningly counted his steps from the governors house to the postern, and thence to Beacon Hill and this he had done with such accuracy, that the gunner was enabled to aim the shell for the house of the governor, which, as mentioned, was within a dozen yards of that of the alderman. The skill which directed the missile so near its mark was, under the circumstances, certainly astonishing, especially as it was fired in the night. In commemoration of this wonderful dream, and as a testimony of his gratitude to God for vouchsafing it, Hercules Clay, by his will, left £200 to the Corporation of Newark, on condition that they should pay the interest of £100 to the vicar to preach an appropriate sermon every lltb March (the anniversary of the dream), and the interest of the other moiety to be spent on penny loaves, to be given away on the same day. Both these observances are yet strictly kept up, and the writer, when a child, has received bis penny loaf at the Town Hall on the 11th of March, or ' Penny Loaf Day,' as it is popularly named. 