FATHER HYACINTHE ON CHRIS TIAN UNITY. At the meeting of the Evangelical Union in New York, on the 4th instant, the' Rev. L. W. Bacon, of Williamsburgh, said that he was preparing a translation of Father Hyacinthe's sermons, and having acquainted that gentleman with me met, no received a reply, to DO used as a preface to the work, which he ready as follows: — 'I am gratified as well as surprised at the honour which you are disposed to give to the few discourses I have published in Europe. I should have been glad, I acknowledge, if I had been able to bring to America something less unworthy of the sympathies with which I have here been welcomed, and which I shall always reckon among the greatest honours and the purest joys of my life. Such as they are, however, T commit these rough productions to the" intelligence of your readers. Frenchman and Catholic as I am, I present there through your hands, to that great Ameri can Republic of which yon are a citizen, and to those numerous and flourishing Protestant churches of which you are one of the ministers. I am proud of my France, but I deem it one of its most solid glories to have contributed to the independence of that noble country, which it has never ceased to love, and which it shall one day learn to imitate.- How many people for whom liberty is something tless than a barren theory or bloody practice ! With me the cause of labour has never been confounded with that relation of liberty which rears its- houses of prayer next to its houses of commerce, and crowns its noisy and pro ductive week with the sweetness and majesty of its worship. I continue faith ful to my Church and faith, and I have protested against the excesses which have dishonoured it, and which seem bent upon its ruin. You may measure the intensity of my love to-day by the bitter ness of my lamentation. When He who is in all things our master, our example, armed Himself with a scourge of cords against the profaners of tho Temple, his disciples remembered that it was written, " The zeal of thine house hath eaten me up." . I am still faithful to my Church. I am none the less sensible of the interest which must be felt in the bosom of other Churches in what I may say or do within the pale of Catholicism. For that matter, I have never deemed that the Christian communions that have been separated from Borne have been disin herited of the Holy Ghost, and without a part in the infinite work of the prepa ration for the kingdom of God. In my relations with some of the most pious and the most learned of their members, I have experienced in the very depths of my soul that unutterable blessing of the communion of saints. Whatever may divide us externally in space or in time, vanishes like a dream in the presence of that which unites us within — the grace of the same God, the blood of the same Cross, tho Host of tho same Trinity. Whatever be our prejudices, yet under the eye of God, who sceth every hidden thing, who gives his hand which is lead ing us, wo arc labouring all in common for the up- building of that Church of the future which shall be tlie Church of tho past in its purity and its original' beauty. In tho days of his captivity the word of tlie Lord came to Ezokiel, and said to him, "Take a stick and write thereon, For Judea and for the children of Israel, bis tenants) and take another stick and write thereon, For Joseph ; also a, .stick for Ephraini and for all the' house of Israel, his tenants. Then thou slialt join them one -to the other, and- they shall form but one stick; and they shall be united in thy hand." The Lord hath, then, put in my hand two branches, Borne and the children of others. I, have pressed them togbthe'r. to my heart, and under tho outpouring of my tears and my prayers I have so joined them that they shall be henceforth but one tree. Men have dared to scorn my efforts, seemingly so, and they ask of me, as they have asked : of the seer of olden times, " Would you not tell us then what you would do?" And I look upon that tree that 6eeins still torn and mutilated, and already I behold the brilliant flower and the savoury fruit, one God, one faith, ono baptism, and there shall be one fold. . and ; one shepherd.- — Br. Hyacinthe.— ; Highland Falls, All Saints' Day, Nov. 2r 18(59." . 