""SERIOUS EFFECTS OF AN EBCAPE"OI' GAS.-A paw ornph appeared in yesterday's Berald in reference to ÄÄg from a main at tho corner of George and Park streets having caught Uro on Saturday evening. Yesterday a number of workmen were engaged in con ncctinir the revi red pipe, and whilo so employed und] having removed the earth from tho vont, tlio iras as a natural consequence again escaped. Two of tho labourers tnKBRcd at tho bottom of the excavation wero so over cowered by the gua that thoy booameMnsoneiblo, end had to bo removed from tho dangerous vioinily. Dr, Mj»°koy arrived and Baw the men, who wero oonvoyod alongsido tho railings of Iho Now Town Hall enclosuro, where overything was done to restore them. Brandy with water was admi- nistered, and by this means, combined with tho froo admis- sion of air , tho men recovered consciousness. Dr. M. It îy, ntsistcd bv constable Paine, prevented tho bystinders from going too* near the edges ot the cutting. Iho work of Jonniction and the filling up of the bolo were coinploted .ttilhoutnm further mishap. TUE SUÍI-OSED CASE or DROWNING AT THE CIRCULAR QUAY.-Ycati rday scorch was made by a diver for the body of tho6Cttm.in who was supposed to havo fal on from off tho Bruikluy Cnffle, which lies olongsido tho Circular Quay Ï ho dmr niado a caroful examination of tho vitiniiy of the vespel and under the pile?, besides going for a considerable disfanco away from tho quay, but without eucccsB. Tho retult strengthens a supposition that tho eeuuian tbrew tome object into the water, on Sunday morning, to divert suspicion, nnd absconded. RAILWAY ACCIDENT.-About 5 o'clock yesterday after- noon, an a<.c;doEt occurred to tho luggage train from Penrilb, «hilo half-way between Nowtown and tbo Redfern terminus. An nxlo broke and tho truck to which it belonged fell to tho ground, was doubled up, and smashed The Uuck irom'cdiatily bohind, though not so seriously, was also much damaged. Tho accident delayed the trafilo for nearly a couple of hours. Tho suburban train, duo in Sydney about half-past 6 o'clock, was delayed for a quarter of on hour. NEW ENGINE.-Yesterday a now horizontal engine of S-horso powtr was started to work at the printing establishment of Gibbs, Shollard, and Co., of Pitt- stroot. It contains all the latest improvements, and is the first of tho kind turned out by tho mannf acturors, Mossr«. Par- kinson, Monaghan, and Co., of Bathurst-streét, Tho core mony of christening was performed by Mr. Monaghan. The tngino appears to bo well finished and woll worked. In honour of tho occasion, Messrs. Gibbs, .¿ballard, und Co. had a lunoheon served to . their employés, who warmly toasted tho now addition to tho mcohonical resources of tho establishment. On tha printing machines being started, it was at once ovidont that the engine would render the process of publication cf considerable lees irksomeneBs than before, although jirior to tho present introduction thoro had been steam {rawer in use. The new engine was delivered by the makers 'to work np to forty pounds prossuro on the square inoh. Tho cylinder in twelvo inchos in diameter. Tho fly wheel, which, weighs half a ton, is 6 feet 6 inchos in diameter, and will mako sixty revolutions per minuto. The length of stroke is eighteen inches, - Connected with the shaft of tho engine is a feed pump, whioh serves to lill the boilers. Tho exhaust pipe carries tho steam to tho outside of the building into tho cold water tank, and hosts tho contents, which, when the engine is stopped, by means of a regulating pipe, descends by gravitation to the boiler, "Tho boiler,, juBt built in, has also been turned out by the flint ra "Parkinson, Monaghan, and Co. It Is 10 foot 6 inches in length, and is fitted with the usual safety- valves .and water-gauges. It has been manufactured of 3-8 B PH iron, and has been submitted to a pressure of 120 lbs. of cold water. In faot both engine and boiler aro good speci- mens of our colonial industry, and will provs to be* a welcomo addition to tho necessary working of the printing and jobbing office for which they havo been mado. OUR MANUFACTURING CONFECTIONERS,-Upwards of a hundred of tho manufacturing confectioners of Sydney snd thoir employes, in a petition to the late Parliament, complained with somo reason of the great injustice thoy suffer under'tho present tariff, and aro approhoneiva of thoir irado being destroyed by tho proposed abolition of tho ad valorem duties, Thoy state tho following facts in support of tho view that it is necessary to ensure measures being taken to conserve their interest, and at the same time to protect thorevenuo :-1st, That on tho sugar usod by con- fectioners Is levied a duty of £6 13s. 4d. per ton. 2nd. That on almonds used by confectioners is levied a duty of £10 per ton. 3rd. That on essence, gum, and seeds, &o; used by confectioners is levied an ad valorem duty of ê per cent. Thus the materials used in tho manu- facturo of confectionery in the colony aro liable to an iweroge duly of 12J per cent. But confeotionory manu- factured abroad from tho Bama materials, is admitted into tho colony on payment of a duty of 6 por cent, only, ¿nu placing tho colonial manufacturo at a disadvantage of 7| per cent., and at the samo timo causing a loes of 7 J for cent, to the revenue. It is thoreforo respectfully suggested > that as the materials aro taxed at the rate of 12J per cent., Iho manufactured article should be taxed at the rate ot 12V percent, also. If the ad valorem dutiea are abolished, and tho present duties continue to be levied on our materials, we sholl bo compelled to manufacture out of tfc«? colony, or io import tbo manufactured article, and thus evade payment of tho duties on our raw materials. One article of our irado called sugar-candy already pays the Bamo duty as sugar, but why it should be an exception to tho rest of the gcods wo monufactnro wo confoss ourselves at a loss to understand ; Bi'nco candied sugar, barley sugar, and ' Tarions articles in our trade, consisting solely of sugar, aro not charged a duty. A great deal of the confectionery eent to the colony is manufactured in the island of Guern- sey, whore it is made from free sugar, and is only sent to England for exportation to the colonies, the tariff of tho mother country not allowing it to be sold in Groat Britain without jpaying a duty. The following is extracted from iho British tariff ¡-Comfits, Id. per lb. ; confoctionerv, Id, ; all fcuecaâes, Id. ; ingar, and all articles composed thereof or sweetened therewith, candy sugar, reflnod sugar, or sugar rendered equal to refined, 112 lbs., 12s, lOd, Thoro IB no duty on almonds in the English tariff. The petitioners seek no protection in this mattor,*but urgo that, ss the existing duties give the foreign manufacturer a pro- tection of 7J per cent., thoy-are placed at a grievous disad- vantage, for the removal of whioh they rely u-son tho justice, of Parliament. ' DECAYED FISH ON BEACHES.-The ' beaches of tho different bays in our harbour are becoming moro ond maro places of resort for those who delight in picnics- and their name is legion ; but a serious interf erenco with the pleasure of excursions is to be found in the fact that a large quantity cf putrid and poisonous fish are loft on tho beaches to foster in tho sun, to disgust people by their unbearablo stonoh, and to moko it exceedingly dangerous for children to play on tho shore, lest they should wound themselves with the tones of fish that contain, an element of poison. At tho .teont timo tho beach at Chowder Bay ¡B strewn with oat M, rejected by the fishermen who haul there. We aro not awaro whether there is any authority by whioh this state of thingB can be remedied ; if there is, it ought to bo enforced-and, if not, it Bhould be created. 8OUTH AUSTRALIA.-Wo have files from Adelaide to I the 2nd April. Thoy are almoet devoted to electionooring I matters, and contain no nows of other than local impor- I lance, or whioh has not been anticipated by telegram. I UNITED TEMPERANCE HALL.-The first of a series Of I "Peoplo's Concerts," under the patronage of tbo Australian Patriotic Association, waa given last night at the United Temperance Hell, Bathurst-streot, and" passed off vory successfully. The programme included a number of vocal and Instrumental performances by sovoral well known .amateurs, while MeesrB. Rainford, Douglas, and Holloway, Kontlemon lately connected with the Prince of Wales 'Theatre, gave their services gratuitously, and contributed largely to the enjoyment of the audience, and the success of tho entertainment. Mrs. Lapham presided at the piano. THE ENGLISH PEDESTRIANS.-The entries for tho, ïaster sports on the Albert ground aro to closo this oven 'ing, The programmo has been altered, and tho prizes for Ho pedestrian matches increased. The arrangement of the handicaps is to bo left to the Albert Sports Committee. MEMMIIULA CHURCH.-This school and ohurch (tho local journal states) ia a wooden building, 30 x 16 feet, having a galvanized roof, and as soon as the necessary repairs are mode the Council of Education will grant uid to iho school as a provisional ono temporarily ; will appoint a ¿eacher, and supply a stock of hooka and other sohool requisites. Sir W. M. Manning has generously made a free gift of iho land on which tie sohool is erected. It is mainly to the exertions of the Rev. Mr. Thom that the echool is'about to bo established. FATAL ACCIDENT.-It is our painful duty (says the Tiega Qatelte) to chronicle in this issuo a melancholy fatal acoident which befel Mr. H. Taylor. It appears that the deceased, who hud been in town on Saturday with his toom, Vas repairing home late in the ovening, accompanied by Mr. D. Duncan and another man, and on reachiog Rus- sell's Hill rho deceased, feeling fatigued, eat on tho pole of lae dray, where it is supposed that ho fell asleep. How- ever, ho was noticed to fall forward, and at the same lime Rresp at tho near poler's tail, the bullock Blewed round and draggod Taylor on the ground face foremoBt, tho wheal passing over the right arm, and across the shoulder blade, and behind tho neok. Our informant states that the un- fortunate mon never groaned or moved after the acoident. A coroner's inquest was held on Monday last, before D. Wetheron, when a verdict of accidental death waB returned. This sad event cast quite a gloom over Boga, as the deceased was an old resident, and universally liked. The deceased leaves a widow and small family to mourn thoir \- wes. .BLACKFELLOWS' HUMANITY AND AN OVERSEER'S . BABBAIUTV.-Tho following passage occurs in a lotter worn a late Albury resident who is now on the Upper Dar ?\T~!''ÄB you httve no doubt hoard, one or two mon ? Jenshod while attempting to como across from the Lachlan . »bout four weckB ago, and another man, after being reduced w great straits, was saved by a trooper. Another caso happened which showed extraordinary inhumanity. A ttan lost himEelf for six days, and when he made in to the , «ver he was naked, and the blacks gave him a shirt and (tartcd him off to tho nearest station. Ho there told his . «tory, but was ordered off by the overseer ! Afterwards ho i got some stale bread and meat, but the unfortunate creature s tongue was so swollen ho could not eat. He I-" ttent " *° ttnether place ona Sot 8ome Pr°Per nourish . ni J EXTEKS«'E DIOCESE.-On Sunday last (says the . w«»tfflMi rfMM), the Bishop of Goulburn preached in St. Inn B ?.hurch> Wogga Wagga, and afterwards held a Ï"T1«, service. On Thursday Dr. Thomas was to ' iwtt K township for Albury, thence he goos on to «3 Deniliquin, Moama, Wentworth, Balranald, and SS* JÄ^S by Hav and Narandera to Wagga W«!s!'ï ,,Ve anticipates reaching in May. FromWaggo IrtiSl v ° wlU e° on to Gundagai, Adelong, and Tumut, SLi. B °? h,a W8y holne. whioh will complete the Bfflliv. Tor °i Î?1! «»'onlal bishop round, a dfoceue as large | .""'/ ftfi WIOM Britain, SUFFERING I'UOM THUIST IN THE BUSU.T-Another instance of tho tcrribjo fftto of thoss who at timos wandor fr m tho watercourses of the interior is placed on record, and again it is from tho pon of the Buutko oorrosDondent of the Dubbo Ditpalch. Bo graphic is the narrativo in ita particularity, so intenso tho fooling wrought up in tho do scription ot Buffering, and to lively tho imagination of tno wiiur in irgord to facts ho could not havo witnessed, that one is drivtn to Iho conviction that ho ia not unaocustoui'd to nttacks (¡f dipsomania. Hear him. "On they wont through the terrible scrub and terrible sand-on through (ho fearful heat and glowing sunshine Tho water bag, a miall ouc-fearful mistake-was soon drained of its last wekoroo drop, and tho Bun bogan to loso its scinvjtar Iiko flashing. Still boforo and behind and around tbtm,, like eternity, lay tho oruol. and uurolenting sand and scihb. By-arid- by, tho strength of tho horeos begnn to fail ; thero was an uncertainty in thoir going, a throbbing of their tails ; a dropping of their oars, with tho voguo something that thoy could go no further." They miss the spring thoy sought, their inaro's uddor has boon dried to supply thoir necessities, they desort thoir buggy and mount their horses to ride for thoir IIvos, trusting the borsts will lead them to o placo of safely. Thoy throw av,ny their clothes. Now for tho " agony." ?. Hot and burning tho blistering sand sparks and rolls from the biro feet ; etingingly the sunboams lash tim nakod breast and iboulders; but on, still on, life or doathis tho cjst. Naturo tinkn amidst tho desolation-home, wife, frionds como up bef oro tho filmed eye ; reason is all that ia olivo. Tho body, insensiblo 'to tho stings of ants, whioh litorally swarm it, lies passively still, whilo tho soul offers up a firvent projer for rain. Strango-marvoilouBly Btrango tho clouds from coppor take a leaden tint, darkor and darker and at length tho glorious lifo-givor fell on tho Bonsoless sufferer. As Lazarus from tho tomb oamo forth at tho voice of tho Divino Master, so the inanimate Malpas russ to his fcot renewed, A roll in tho mud, a little drop of waief caught hero and there, and hope again roturnodv On again without pause, and this was a wiso'thiog ; for had he rosled ho would never havo told his story. On through tho moist soil for half a milo (tho rain had fallon no farther), and tho heated sand was again beneath his feet ; but forward-tho stars > beckoning him on-was his cry, and bravely ho pushed OB. The road was out, and oxhaustod to the last atcp, he sank again to dio. How long ho lay ho knows not ; ho was startled by what ha thought was n spirit, BO disturbed was hlB reaBon. , It wai Scrivener ; the maro had found her foal, and Scrivener, true to his parting promise, sought his friend in peiii. Malpas waa saved bySoriyener, for though only eight miles from tho tank, it was moro than ho oould have don«, and ho must havo porished," Unfortunate- readers, that must bo satisfied with this mesgro recital, you rdnst not blame tho writer for its frigid brevity. Ho is candid; he cays : " I may have errrod fn small mattera, for I lost tha account given mo by Mr. Malpas of this terrlblo journey." Mr. ; Malpas, of the Paroo Hotel, it seoms, left with Scrivener in o buggy for tho back country, lost thoir way, got back safely, and probaby first know of their groat Bufferings from tho fervid tale by tho Bourke correspondent. TUB CHINESE CUSTOM OP REMOVING THE DEAD, Tho Cannonbar correspondent of tho Dubbo Dispatch re- lates that about three years ago, a Chinaman, shepherding on tho Bogan, ont his throat, having taken the precaution to stow away a good meal first. 'It was a nasty, cola, -wet morning in May, when Se-ma-Cronong (or whatever I hi» , samo was) turned over hi» swag, destroyed some valuable, papers, examined his razor, polished off a hearty breakfast,' and walked in from the kitchen to the house, thinking, I havo no doubt, that it would bo a greater honour to perform this feat (which one so seldom sees dono) before tho master, instead of the cook. Tho celestial remarked that " he WOB werry cold," and waa told to " go into the kitchen and warm himself." Ho repliod, .'I'll show j ou," ond pulling out a razor (whioh, owing to the darkness of the room, lookod like a ploce of black tape), turned coolly round, compressed his Ups, and made a long inciBi'on, covering the carotid artery, and which failing, continued hacking away. So-ma-Cronang's Bpirit bad flea before the body had touched the ground-merely a slight quiver of the Ups. John had " thankod the world." Three hours afterwards ho was buried. Since then ¡his perturbed spirit has been seen twice, making night hideous, but only eeen by ono who believes in ghosts. Howovor, it appears that his bones were not to rest in that spot, \ A month ago four Chinamen called, borrowed a spade, dug.up tbo remains of poor John, drank brandy, burnt lights roana tho grave to appease the soul, laid the bones most carefully on a clean cloth, and. started for China, not wishing to leavo the remains of one who had sacrificed himself to some great idol, in a Chriation country. DEATHS HY DROWNING.-On Wednesday morning' lost (says the Wagga IVagga Express) as a farmer named Angim Cameron was going down tho Berry Jerry Creek, on which he resides, to look for ono of his horses, he smelt a peculiarly disagreeable odour proceeding ,from the creek, and going down to ascertain its causo, was Bhockod to find the dead body of a man floating in the water In an advanced sfato of decomposition. He immediately rodo into Wagga Wagga and informed the police of tho ¿tot. The remains were subsequently identified by a man named John Malton ' es thotoof an old sawyer, who at one time used to knock about the Pastoral lietel in this T town, and who wos greatly addicted to drink whenever he -could obtain the moans of paying for his indalgenoies. The Bega Oatette of the 7th instant reports the daath by drowning of a young man named Frank Wright. It ap-,' pears that the young man, acoompanied by his sister, and brother-in-law, Mr. H% Jaggers, left Stony Creek yesterday morning, and wero proceeding to 'Bega. Omresctting the. bank of the river, the girl eame aorosa in the boat, while Mr. Joggort and deceased determined upon riding aorosa tho flooded river. Wright went into the. water first? but, had not proceeded for before his Hone got into ditflonltiss, and carno against a free. Tho youth-who. had taken the precaution of undressing in order to swim in case of acci- dent-slipped off, and was washed dose under the horse's foie-feet, whioh »mt,havo struck the deceased, as he never roBO his head clearly'out oï the water, but drifted down the stream for eomo short distance, when he threw up his bonds and sank. ,. ,. BUTTER EXPORTATION.-In order to tut the advantages or othervfiso of exporting.butter direct from thiadistriotto other ports than Sydney, (eayo the Illawarra Mercury), a practical experiment has recently been made by Mr, K, R, Evans, of Dapto. About the beginning of March last, Mr, Evens shipped three oaeks of butter, containing about 100 lbs. each, to a business house in Auckland, Now Zealand, and yesterday he received a statement of tho sale of the butter, with a bank draft for the proceeds. It .appoara the price realised for the article was 9Jd. per lt>., and after pay.' ing all expenses connected with its shipment, Bale, &c;, it cleared 8d. per lb. It was stated ia the letter received by Mr. Evans, that the price of butter ia New Zi uland would soon bo higher than at that time, and that tho gentlemen who aoted for him in that instance would bo most happy to do their best to obtain tho highest prices for any futuro shipments which might bec nsigned to them frcm ibis district. APPLICATION ron A CA. SA, AOAIXST AN M.L A.-The following case is reported in the Bathurst Ttmcs of Satur- day:-George FiBh v. W. Cummings-£33 on a pro mitsory note. A verdict in this oose had been given for the plaintiff, on Monday, and Mr. Fletoher now applied for a in. sa. Ho was infonnod that numerous oxooutions I wiro already out against the dofendant, but no settlement could be obtained from him. Ho possessed proporty and vasa member of tho Legislature, and it might be pre- sumed- that ho was in a position to pay his debts. His Honor refused tho application, stating that tho very fsot of executions against the defendant not being satisfied was a proof that he waB not poBsessed of meanB, A CROWN WITNESS AND THE EXPENSE OF HER JOURNEY.-In the evidence given before the Bega Bench in the late case of infanticide, it was stated, that about the time when the alleged offence was committed, in the year - 1864, Miss Hogan had occasion to stay at Mrs.Tarlington's house, near Bega, and the principal witness in the case, the wife of the selector whose cattle had been impounded by the squatter Mr. Tarlington, stated that Miss Hogan had at that time remarked that the prisoner Margaret looked as if she was enceinte. On the strength of this representa- tion (says the Albury Banner) the magistrate at Bega, Mr Caswell, sent for Miss Hogan from Albury, although he was assured that she had never made the remark referred to as to Margaret Tarlington's condition, and that she knew nothing whatever about the affair, or the people connected with it, which could in any possible way affect the case in the slightest degree We understand that Miss Hogan explained this to the Inspector of Police in Albury, and that the understood from that gentle- men that her knowledge of the case could not be of any possible use to the Crown. We presume from this that the inspector must have reported to the same effect to the authorities at Bega. Nevertheless the witness was compelled to make a journey to the coast and back again, a weary trip of about a thousand miles ; her usual avocations were interfered with for several weeks, and a useless ex- pense of perhaps f160 was entailed upon the country. In a case like this, it seems to us that a temporarily, constituted Court composed of the Police Magistrate, the Inspector of Police, and a local solicitor could, at a trifling expense, have effectively ascertained whether the witness had any evidence to give which could in any degree have justified the country in incurring the expense of sending her for examination to the other end of the colony. Nothing was elicited from the witness at Bega which could not have been equally well elicited at Albury. A PATERNAL EPISODE.-The Bendigo Advertiser has the following little episode, whioh speaks for itself : -" One of the most painful scones that have been witnessed in the Sandhurst Police Cqurt happened on Tuesday. A girl, fifteen years of age, named Harrington, was charged with pawning earrings which she obtained from easy-going Í(¡wellers under tho pretence that they wero for a Miss Javis. The father of the girl, a porter at the railway station, who appeared to bo the ohief instigator of the caeo against his daughter, stated unhesitatingly tba* he wished his child to be sont to gaol. Mr, Mart ley denounced him as an unworthy wretch, as a heartlos'g scoundrel, whose conduöt as a father was moBt revolting. The poor motherless child, as she heard her parent state hiB wish to have her in gaol, ga¿ed at him earnestly and buret into tears ; again, when this man was leaving the Court, ho was addressed by his sobbing, erring child ; but ho passed her by as a thing too vile for him to notice, Probably, when ho prays (although it is doubtful if he over aw») to bo forgiven his trespasses as ho forgives othors their trespasses, ho may remember the appoaling looks ami words of his child. Tho girl was oommitted for trial." «.Ar.GoOD C^i'T?!16 ?IeMeo yield of wheat crops in the Orange dis riot (the Western Examiner observes) are proverbial, still, at times, we hoar of a particular ono which exoites wonder. Wo aro informed on indisputable authority that tho produce of 40 acres of wheat at tho ioreat, was this season 1700 bushels, or nearly 44 bushels I wS^m^0"9 sm ** *>mu hM ^a 25 