[?] A STORY OF MODERN IEELAND, On the west coast of Ireland,^ largfe islsfiid, called Inismore, stands loftily froth. fKie Tsrater,; a real «ea-girt inoijn taik range ; ivald .lakes nestling ip. its Kol- k losfB, Wid irown reaches of heathery Mil, ending in abrupt cliffe, dropping nearly a thousand feet perpendicalarlyi cAt Hi© foot, of the cliffe the xleep, deep Tratet is always heaving and sinking to the Atlan tic swell. On the south-eastern side the seaiscabner, and the shore shelves gently +/-. +ha rrier. frmrv whirtH -fTiR Hnn.fcn make their constant ^pa&sage; to the mainland, , three miles distantV The only house of any. pretension on the island was rented, one year, prior to the date of niy story, by a Scotch family, consisting of two brothers and a sister, named Fergosson. . \ l!hey - . kept ** the shop'— a store of heterogeneous articles : cotton and staff, dresses ; indigo to dye the home-spun flannel ; 'white bread/' the holiday luxury of the islanders ; tobacco, tea, .and whisky. The Sister, Jean, was a dark, stately, woman, '. cold and. - ?tmimpressible cer-' tainly, but the object of the devoted attachment of one of the men in the con stabnlarly force, a countrynien of her own, Sergeant McKay. He pressed his suit earnestly and persistently, bnt the brothers Fergusson opposed him to a violent degree. It might have been their opposition, as much as the tall, hand some person of her lover, that roused at last the phlegmatic nature of Jean into ac . ceptance; but accept him she did, and r- met her brothers' bitter words with the same indifference with 'which she had formerly listened to McKay's courtship. 'Ye'll be wanting me to stay wi' ye,' she said ; 'but the sairgent is as guid as maist folks, and winna flyte me as ye've ^4- bin' doing. Ye .think ye'll no spare me fra' measuring the flour, and giving the coos their bit at nights; and mebbe, Robert, ye've na got me forty pound of ? siller to give as my ain share to me weddin' dower? Hech, weell a body, must e'en marry some time ; so ye may as well pay it noo, as ony ither day.' ' And so McKay and -Jean carried the day; the ring t was: bought, and the licence procured. . ' ''' * It was a lovely summer morning as .the wedding party left the island — John Fer gusson. Jean, and their friends in two of the boats, while the sergeant and his men occupied the third. The little church on the mainland was crowded, for weddings are rare in the scantily-peopled districts of West Iceland, and all *f the 'town' came to see Jeanie i'ergusson'married tp the tall ' Scottish policeman. The elder brother was absent. ' He could not, or he would not come ; but if his dark face was missed, it was certainly .not wanted, for all felt his absence a relief. It is the custom in Western Ireland to fire a kind o£ feu-de^joie on such occasions out of every available musket and pistol ; and a perfect fusillade welcomed the bridal party,' as the boats totifclieStne pier 'on the T return to the island.* fIt was but a few steps to the house, and. Duncan- McKay drew his wife's arm through his, wishing withp all his heart that the clamor was over, and he and his Jeattie away in the cottage he had been so eagerly preparing. , Something of this he said, as he stooped to look in her face just as they entered the gate. An instant more, and; a neater _a report than any yet fired ran ijbxoughiihe ^ air. A woman^s sharp cry, .a deep groan from Duncan, and forward on. the very threshold the bridegroom fell. Jeanie and those around her stood still ' in horror- for one instant; the p£sx$' Robert Fergusson ran down the stairs, his face white, even to the very -lips. *' It was an accident — an accident ; only an accident !' he thickly articulated.. They lifted fr'n up, and carried him into a little chamber labove, stumbling over the gun-— Robert's gun — --which had so suddenly dealt the fatal wound. They sent 'for the doctor and the clergyman, but it was useless ; no mere mortal could help him now. The heavy duck-shot had pierced his temple. ; A few hours -ofJ un consciousness, and all was over. . The following week the same boat iiiat Had borne him to his marriage held 'the long black coffin; and in the aisle of the church they laid it down, on the very i spot his feet had trodden so firmly beside ' his bride. : Robert Fergusson, of course, was in custody. He was tried for murder ; but he declared he did not know the gun con tained anything but powder. He had gone, he said, to his bedroom for his gun, hearing the shots which announced weir return. He had thrown np the window, and pointed the gun straight through it. His finger was on the trigger, when the i(t insecure fastening which sustained the window-case gave way, and it fell down, depressing the barrels so that the shot struck the bridegroom as he stood exactly beneath. Such was his tale. It might be the truth; there was no proof to the contrary. At any rate, . Robert Fergusson was found guilty of man slaughter, but acquitted of the graver charge. The ' slate house' on the island was shut up: ' The goods in the shop were sold, and the. brothers, to gether with the bride widow, left the c*ountry for ever. The following spring carpenters and ma^o.ns were busy about the place. The counters' wⅇ removed, partitions pulled down, gkvw doors put in, and a dining 4 roombuilt. Acarriage-sweep was planned, A rustic bridge.* thrown over the mountain torrent, in the adjoining glen, shrubs and; trees were planted, and terraces .were turfed. The owi-er of Inismqre had de termined to make a Hod of shooting and bathing box there. Accordingly, by, the summer it was filled VT a riotous party of children, and elder oneJ* quite as merry, if a little more quiet. The sad tragedy was outwardly for gotten : so terrible . a thing; was better left in silence. The sunny day'* were idled \- away, out on the rocks when vb& tide was * low, or sailing on; the sleeky »ea» or getting up an impromptu^ riding ^^7, on the shaggy ponies! It :was at th'is time that my brother and I received an i'nvita tion to join the party, and the pro «pect seemed so unusually 'fresli and chain i'Jg that we accepted itdfiathjdenghi. . i.he. journey was long, and fha iraUtoray amj took us to a point' 38;4nfles'distant from '-rar destination. soHihat we were tho rbughly tired -fes ~ -we stepped ;frbm the Irish car/ -with its tandeih 'horses, on to the' quay beside which the boat waited to convey m$ ltd the island. ; How pleasant that life was ! so' wild and free--as unlike as possible to the sea side existence of those good ^people Who ]gp f or « tame trip ieach autumn to Filey, Bournemouth, or- Torquay. No one' did anything that they had^everdone before. Early risers laid in 'bed until VL o'cldcky while those who never could get up any where «lse astounded us by coining in glowing iand fresh to the. breakfast table'. It was announced Jone morning that there was* to be a regatta committee meet^ ing, or a petty sessions, -or a 'some- thing' which -would occasion -the absence for two nights of all the gentlemen. We ladies declared we had antimacassars €o finish, letters to write, and gardening to accomplish, which would make their being away the most 'Convenient thing possible ; and we laughed a little at -our cosiness, as- we drew down the blinds, and lit a fire that first night— that fire being certainly more for Boeiety than warmth. Womanlike i we talked;, and. talked, and . it was very = date! when the bedroom candles were hghtedc and the drawing-room deserted. My room . . .was ? the . . one in , j^hich Duncan HcKay had died. V It Was a little back; chamber, and my hostess had assigned it to. me with many apologies. ''It-is so! small, my deaf y you don't mind that %— And of course you won't be afraid 1 The' poor people say it is haunted. It was. here that that poor fellow died; ? -You know all about it ? If you are afraid, you shall share Ellen's.1' But I was not afraid, and so, in the haunted room J had hitherto; slept quietly and comfortably. At this time I had the very bad habit of- reading novels^ in my bedroom.' This : night my novel was unusually entertain ing, .and with my dressing-gown round my shoulders, my fingers lazily brushing out my hair, my eyes followed line after line of the book. I gat :iintil:ldng past midnight, . iny thoughts wrapped Up 'in my story, when I was startled by a noise. A noise certainly, but . a rmost indescribable one. Apparently coming -from nowhere, - it signed and moaned through the room and died away. X started upi, ;Was i drfeaming? AU .was qiiiet. 'Bah ! 1 was half asleep : it was fancy, and I must go to bed.' I coiled my hair round my head,: pulled off my dressing gown, and began to wind my ;watch. But I nearly let it fall to the ground. Again, quivering faintly, but most really, came the ghostly sound. I looked at my face in- the glass: it was strangely white. ',-';. ' ; ' . ? .' ,' ?'' ' ' - .1 -.' :. 'Thjs; will never do. Fin actiialiy shaking with .fear. It is only some man taking -.advantage of our -^ defenceless womanhood to frighten «s.' ' ' ' ' This supposition was bad enough, but I thought it a blessed alternative to that other hideous idea which came rushioar into my mind. . - UPoor Duncan McKay— rubbish !'— and stepping across the landing. to the top of the stairs, I called Leo, the big; Nejwfoundlaad, to see what he would think of this odd sound. - He came lum bering up, and followed me into my room. But the rug before the dressing table seemed to possess great attractions for him, and on it he curled himself comfortably to resume the nap my sum mons-had interrupted. Leo's indifference made me yet more ^uneasy. Again and again the weird sighing aound came vibrating through the rpom., I -tried* the servants this time, and ealled Tip two of them. They ^eame won dering what I could possibly want at that hour. *.*;Was I i]11'- I purposely spun out jny answer, for, I wanted to. see if theyi would hear the sound ; if it was audible to other- ears than^mine ; or. if I alone was selected to -be chilled and mad dened by ife hidebusness. 1 had gone very far^ you , see, ; very yf ar . from clear calm sense 5 X was ? scared very deeply ; X seemed^ to have realised a lifetime of thought-in that half-hour. ??-?''?-. I stood, there, ?with' my white face? re plying and tallpng very much at random to' the two maids, longing for -the spund\ to come once more. I had not long to wait. I saw them start, and stare, and hold their breath ; then down in a heap they fell, :. with a cry of 'The Banshee, the Banshee! oh worra, worra, Miss Netley,; it is the tall .policeman's spirit ! It is for death !' The noise they made in some measure recalled my common sense ; but it was in vain I tiiedito ^:pacify.them. r~7t'Oii miss, call the, mistress! 'said iNbrah, sobbing loudly.- ??-???: ?'-. - *? Go, lforah,; certainly, and call her; ' I said ; but. Norah had no intention of venturing one step by herself . If or was it. TiAnAnoarv hn ^»aH anv rine. for thft Rhrill shrieks of the servants had effectually roused the household, and six ladies in very ; hasty toilettes .crowded into my , little room. . , - Of course. everybody talked; every body asked what it was, where it was, why it was ? arid quite drowned the faint vibrating sound that had so alarmed me; quite drowned it, if it sounded at all just then, which we afterwards had reason to doubt. lt Be quiet,' I implored, turning first to the maidB and the fat housekeeper, who had joined us, and was adding vigorously to the cabal. '-Bfc quiet,: and you will know as much as I do, though that certainly ii but little.'* Quiet they all were, standing in puzzled expectation — the two maids still crouched on the floor. The housekeeper and the nurse stood just outside the door, their eyes starting from their sockets with fright ; fright at what they didn't exactly know. Mrs. Cranston, enveloped in a huge scarlet land white shawl, looked, doubtfully at me. '; Rose and Jessie Ross, two English girls, who had never had former experience of ''ghosts ' or 'ban- shees,' stood clinging to each other, their hair, bo fashionably; 'fuzzy' by day, screwed up in a complicated machinery ot wire £nd ribbon. They also looked doubtingly at meV . lady Batherine 1K.H- ; mare looked 1 contemptuously, at all. ^A strong-minded womaa wasBer Ladyship, with a very satisfactory opinion of her. own mental powers. The group was finished by Mrs. and Mjss.Forder, sister and niece of our hostess. 'Thej fgrmer lady kept sq1aeezuijgr|Ler hind^^tc^thflUPj aiid^p^^ifiirriidiyirid inc^isanj|y,- ; I wish James, was here, Ellen i - I-wishl ypftr papa was herW' L ; . . ;?., It is said the sublime r. verges on the7 ludicrous— I don't think we looked exactly sublime, .yet my feelings had been very grave and eiceedinglylTdeep ; but as I looked 'round on the different positions, ?the varied ?countenances, to say nothing of the costumes, of pur nocturnal gather-1 ing, the absurdity of the' whole -so tibkled iny fancy rthat. I flung myself into a chair! -in uncontrollable fits i of daughter. ' ,-..; J ^ I thought bo,' said Jessie Robs, triumphantly. 'It is only a 'trick of EtbMW : .- ??- -:- ? ??-?'?' ??' ?''',:: ???' And, in excessively bad, ^te,' broke .' in Lady Katherine's 'clear/ measured tob.es.. f-J Had we not: better return to ottr rooms? Mrs. Cranston, I will bid youigobd aigh%.'-- ?;?'- , ITBs was. certainly contrary to -my in-, tentions. To be left alone again with, that moaning horror ! My laughter was effectually quelled.- I implored, I as serted, I coaxed, ' Only stop, and wait^ arid be quiet; and indeed I will not laugh! Wait and listen;'* and pushing an ?arm- chair' forward for 'Lady Kathe rine, and getting a -heap- of cloaks' for tiie benefit of- the others^ I settled them once jrioife ^nlo qiidet ex^ectatilpri. W« ^Stel1 stoii Raited, iny unruly laughter cariie up, in my throat, and my mouth twitched with my efforts at self control, when soft .-and ^vibrating,' and' longrdrawn came |the: mofning, sighing sound that -had , before ^hilled :me into terror. ..-; ?-: ?? : . . Exclamations, suggestions -burst from every lip; but as usual, Lady. Catherine's voice, in its low measured tones, caught attention. 'That noise came from under neath. What is underneath' this room ?' She looked, at Mrs. Cranston, but got no answer. Mrs. Cr^iston was trembling under her huge shawl, ' and her hand 'grasped mine tightly. It was the house keeper who replied. 'The. room under this is empty, my lady. It was a bakehouse in the Fer gusson's time, and has .a door to its own self:' 'Then -we must search the bakehouse ; somebody must be there ; some one has concodted a vile scheme to terrify us. They must b,e discovered and brought to Justice— if there is such aching as justice in this outlandish, place !' added Her Ladyship, sotto vote.'^ '????? ? ? ? - ' T:\ ? , It was easy to say a search' must be made, but who would ijiake it?: 7- said I would £0 if . some one-wouli gecompany . me. I wanted to unravel the riddle. I felt I must know.thecause of that hideous moan. Earthly or unearthly, I must find il^ know it to be one, or iihe other. To my surprise Jessie, .Ross .said . she ^wduld go with we. - 1 lasked one of the more sensible of the maids to come ioOj but at thei' mere ^suggestibri she ied.; screaming -down the passage to the: nurseries, and locked herself in with the still sleeping children'. Jessie and I pre pared -iForfonr^tour of Investigation. I took a pistol ; Jessie 'declared she couldn't use fire-arms. *' Something to hit with would be 'better — a kind of club.' After a little search- she lighted upon-a -teles- cope; a huge ^telescope drawn out to its fullest extent, -which she pronounced the very thing. ' Certainlyy it ;was by ho means - a -' weapon to bo lightly encoun tered. .;?-?--- '???[--?-???*: ; ? The night -was so calm and beautiful that we 'took a candle from %he chimney- : piece in our hands -without needing a iantern to shieldit.-Wiff-w6nt round the house: I niarch&g; £rst with my candle, and pistol, Jessie bravely bringing up the rear with her telescope. ; ???- 1 pushed open the bakehouse door, and looked Jn hastily. ' Wd.viSible being, no visible thing was, there | it was a small iroom,^ whitewashed and empty. We searched the stables, the wash-house, the srarden— ngtiungaliye ;0r_dead wag; to' be. seen that was put of place or unusual. We returaed.to ^i^e^nclaire upsjtaiiss with ^urreppg*. :: S^^hadheard the-flound three times during our absence.* What was to be done? :; ^ If James were only here, repeated Mcs. Forder, 'he woiuld-bs Bure to know all about it.' ; : ^This flooribog &j; ' made '..of wreck tniiber,' ' Jsaidj *f perhaps '- it: might be the -wind through -rthe fknot-holea or chinks.' . v.!:;'.;..; '-; ::: ,\ W'*,.-. .-. '. 'Yes,*.'ie)npae^:ti^yt^therm§, jea lous of any one making a suggestion but herself. ^'iake jup the carpet, and see if there are any holes.' ;The removal of the carpet discovered plenty of holes, indeed; but. how could they cause, the' sound'?' .^Chere was; no wind to whisfcle ^or moan throuerh them. yet ever and anon the- sound came, faint arid mysterious,: through the'air, till-even the bravest among us grew sick with dread. - .;:r..~... ..--—,- ---- ,-.,:?? i_: '.' It is no use,' sajd , Mrst. Cranston^ tf- Come to 'bjeclj 'everybody ; and you, Ethel, go- to-EHen'sroqm'; ' or will you come. to mine?' . ?.??w- ; :'' '-JSroff't fepi&f;,; 'X -^nnot go off quietly to rbed with; this undiscovered mystery. I am going to ^try outside once more. Will you come, Jessie ?' 'i Maria, tile rough, island girl whoi -' helped ': in the kitchenj'' was pressed into the. service, and . with- Leo, thebig Newfoundland, we started out again. All Was calin and silent as before. The bright moQU.show.-a d^wn on the summersea^. The; few thatched cottages by the shore were silent and. dark. : The lazy roll of the Atlantic,' as it ' pluffed ' against the cliffs on Inis, Head, was the only sound breaking on .the' stillness, except All ! except y$at? In a kind of despera tion I flung open the bakehouse door, and the gust it made extinguished our candle, We were exactly beneath the window of my room'; I 'Mllfd up fijr matehes, and ther^ we stood silently waiting during the short delay. .. My foot was on the thres hold, when there ! there ! again the sound J I was in it-^-at it; We kept our ground,, top awed, perhaps, to run away. But would those matches never come? - , ? '. ? Down they came * from !the window above pur heads. My. shaidiig lands struck a light. Yes, I confep. it, my hands were shaking. But there was no retreat now ; that bakehouse should be searched inch by inch. : Upstara %hfeyv soon, heatd a terrific clamor. Jessie's, shrill shrieks, Maria's rough, loud voice shotting, naiae raised ip its fullest compass. 'Oh mercy,} me'rey ! 'don't kili therii! ah,- don't ! And sharp, short barkings froni .^Leo.^.Kb w|ohder, ; Lady Katheruie dduble-16cked tike dpor ; .no wonder : IMrs. Cranston's fortitude quite gave way ! . And the solution of the. mystery? It is' truej 'plain and simply true ; but it sounds absurdly ridiculous ; and even as I yrite I wonder how a thing so trivial, so laughable, could have; caused the abject tejrror, the cruel suspense, that it did. jllit the -5andle;-'.Mana followed me clpsely. As' I flashed tKe^ight over the bare white- walls there was a faint rustle atj my feet. I looked- down, ^and'saw- — ducks ! — ducks N— fully five and twenty, reposing comfortably behind the door. So close they lay, we hid -not seen them on bur first search, and might easily have overlooked them even this iime, had it; aiot been for the delay about the matches when rtwe stood so silent and stjll that the horrid creatures, fancying they ._ were left undisturbed, again, went on with their curiouB noises. The nos trils of a duck are very near the point of its bill. Perhaps it is this which causes them to utter this weird sound occasion ally in breathing.' Perhaps— but no ; I caki't explain - it ^ornithoiogically. ., I only know these particular -ducks made this particular sound* and that it was this in significant little fact which had actually fri;ghteriⅈ even Lidy Katiberine into for getfulness of -common sense, ^[aria flung herself upon the birds. ' Och, and ye'll all be in the pot to morrow, ye varmints ?' and she pitched them with, no gentle hand through tha door. They fluttered arid flapped ; and Leo considered it no more than his duty to' assist rin ike scuffle ' by snapping at thbm as they were flung, out. He kSled onje. by a squeeze pf his huge jaws. I generously teied to save the poor unlucky creatures, by vociferoijsly calling on Maria to be more tender \ while Jessie screamed, half with laughter, half with excitement. That humiliating denou marvbi Foot child ! . No wonder she was hysterical with the reaction. |We did not laugh much over'our ad venture that night ; but when the clear daylight returned, and when our party of guardians and protectors came back to us, Laugh we certainly did. Irinumerable were the pleasantries and witticisms which -we had to endure-— all but Lady Katherine. The. dignity of her selfpos session we dared -not assail. She did not BV^ri like pur night- vigfl talked about. But even she could not . forbear a smile, as [we overheard Maria say to the timid Norah : — ? I'm -astonished at ye, Norah. Ye were trem'lin' like- the bog forenenst the lake. I wasn't a bit af eared. I hnew 'dubks smorfd' ever since1! was the size of a ha'penny herrin'. And I juwt bethought mysejf I imver rputthe.cratur.es in their own house at night at all, at all, and so fch^y. juist dandered in there; Afch, but th^ quality's easy frighted ? The likes o' ducks f' ? ' ?'?'- 'Well,' responded tiie gentle Norah, '-^ifc looked to my mind as if ye were frighted -as much as ; the . rest: But Maria,' and her voice grew low, 'it might have been ducks, and it mebbe ioajs ducks - but I'll not stay herer Hext time it will be poor; Sargent Duncan's ghpst in rael earnest ; and I'm hot the sb'ger you be. Was the seven sinses clane gone out; of me when I hired in this. woeful house? Maria, be wise, ye girl, and come away too IV — The Argosy. 