Wave Prospect. By the Eev. Dr. Barry. ' It is like a draught of Fire ! ' — Golden Legend. CHAPTER XV. The Haunted Cottage. : The messenger had well performed his errand. The note -vva6 received et a moment of perfect unsuspicion, and in time and place to ensure its perusal, while quite alone ; and to allow a considerable space for time and fear to work, in the length of walk between her and the house. The other letters being put carefully up, this was opened eagerly, as letters are which are expected to be from affianced lovers. The handwriting was not his, it is true ; but then the handwriting bore un mistakable indications of being disguised ; and that -K-flc «n lilrp 'Rflvfnril- Inside, however, there was no disguise. She was not well acquainted with the handwriting, never hav ing seen it but once, hurriedly, in a moment of intense agitation and disgust. The name, however, was plainly subscribed. It met her eye. She had seen in the hasty glance at the contents that it was in some way connected ?with, her father ; and before the chill and trembling that the name inspired had passed away, she had already conquered her first impulse to tear it in frag ments, and fling it from her. The sweet abstraction of her thoughts from the painful subject, which she had indulged for the hut half hour, was now very rudely ended. The note read thus : — ' Miss Emily Woodroffe, — Your own cruelty, or the pride of your relations, has deprived me of the use of the adjective I should use to your name. Whichever it may be, I don't write to complain ; but neither one norfthe other can deprive me of my interest in your happiness and safety. This note is thus a warning which, you cannot ignore with safety, from one who has thepowerto prevent danger, and the will, provided that youwill confide in him, so far as to afford him an interview in private, for the purpose of explanation. ' Your father's affairs are critical. The crisis is one ef absolute rum. I cannot speak too strongly of the position in which he is placed. It may appear strange to you that I of .all men, I whom he rejected with scorn, have the power, to shield him and his. There is but one of the whole family for whose sake I would lift a hand to save. ' I have, for your sake, tried to have an interview with Mr. George Woodroffe to-day; and was re pulsed. Therefore, if you will «ave your father, you must not consult him, nor any one. You will meet me alone to-morrow evening, at this hour, in the wood summer-house, over the glen. It is not to renew any rejected advance. I, too, have my pride. It is the necessary preliminary for your father's safety. 'I know of this late engagement: why should I mention it, except to warn you that Lord Bayford is a man likely to vary his intentions with a change of fortune, from affluence to penury ? The one who could not do to was scorned. It is he, however, who can prevent this impending danger. So not fail, as you fear it. To-morrow evening. ' J. LlVEBMOBE.' Had she been near any one of her family, mother, brother, or sister, her first impulse world have disre garded all threats and warnings, and have laid open the letter to ask advice how to act; but fears and threats like these have a wonderful advantage during a little time for brooding. This the writer knew well. The circumstances in which her father was! placed now appeared to be far.^norc serious than she had ever apprehended; and that other apprehension, artfully insinuated, perfectly bewildered her.- The idea that Lord Bayford would alter in the least, under the altered circumstances, as suggested in the note, her trusting heart rejected at once, and warmly ; but she saw no less clearly that .should that ruin come, as hinted by Livennore, she could not, and her father would not, think of recognising the engagement any longer, even though its consummation now was draw ing near. She gave herself time to be perplexed. An inter view alone with Iivermorc was to her the most hateful thing she could possibly en counter. The idea of it inspired her with absolute loathing. But then, if it were true, that the saving of the -whole family depended en it, should she hesitate to encounter it ? And, on the other hand, was this man to be trusted ? When she got home she was uncertain how to act. To ask the advice of any there were to decide against the meet ing, because this was forbidden by the conditions ; and none happened to be just in. the tray. So she had a long solitary sitting in her own chamber, by tlie window seaward, her thoughts too busy to remade the gathering shades of the long twilight, until, as they darkened towards night, the bell warned her that the family were assembled to tea. Making some excuse of fatigue, ehe atked for her j tea to be brought to her room, and still sat on think- . ing. The light that accompanied it being unwel- ; come, was extinguished with its removal. After a ' lime it was again lighted ; for after abstraction came ' restlessness. Those letters were again consulted;, read now with something 'like a sigh, ' and a tear, j Was there not a queBfion now ' of there being an' lend ' even to this r Later, Florence came, uneasy at hen indisposition. It woe nothing, ehe said ; she merely ?wished to be alone ; so they kissed, and bade good: night. So also with her mother, later still. Praying over it, sleeping over it, and praying over it, again in the morning, ske could only come to the conclusion that it would be improper for her to take such a step, without good and trusty advice. She hod until evening to decide; and she would, ask Florence to go Tvith her in the morning over to Mrs. Fairborne's, and would lay the letter and the whole matter before her ; she would' understand tlie little problem of her maidenly difficulties, and she could ?venture to explain them to her. On the whole, making all allowance, she was led to a good decision. So Florence and Emily went over earlier than usual to the cottage. Their familiar use was, to avoid the formality of knocking, to go round to the pretty bay window, and if they saw her there, to enter by merely opening it. If they did not see her there, they walked round the pleasure ground, and usually found her reading, or tending the flowers ; or sometimes, having her clans of women in one of tlie summer houses. To-day they found the pleasant bay window secured on the inside,* and no one -within.; and their ?friend, on eearching the grounds, no where to be seen. So they knocked, and had' to knock again. There was not, on the face of the maid who opened it, the usual cheerfulness of Mrs. Fairbome's estab lishment, where every thing went merry as a marriage bell. Her looks were haggard ; she did not show her usual smartness of attire, her e lastieity of foot. Her cheeks were wan, and had that peculiar expression one sees after a disturbed night, of being scarcely re strained from a yawn. The little cap had lost its jauntiness, and the hair in front of it its glossy smooth parting over the temples, waifs and strays from its locks falling down without any particular cohesion, or frizzled to a spider's web kind of flossiness higher up. : In low tones she said that her mistress had had a bad night's reaet, and was still in bed, asleep, and would they have any objection to step into the draw-' ing-room, and wait for a little ? They were not long there ?until they heard the waking cries of the child, whom the nursemaid was ' hushing in the back drawing-room; She must have brought him down, to prevent any possibility of the mistress being disturbed. Presently the cries ceased, and the child slept, and they glided in noiselessly. Bridget, the Irish nursemaid, looked still more dis hevelled than the housemaid, and having to keep up, eg to speak, an armed protest against drowsiness. She ' was usually a very tidy young woman, always active and faithlul ; and being always in a manner identified with the boy she nursed, was treated with more familiarity than the other servants. Seeing her glide in with that strange manner, an aspect of being cowed, Florence asked her what was ' the matter, that she came in looking so wild and weird, like a ghost. ' Is it the ghost ye'd be mentioning, Miss ? The Lord be between us and harm ; what we'll ever do in regard of it there'B no knowing ; and that darling pet of a child, 'twill go to my heart to leave him, and him beginning to say Biddy, Biddy ; and the mistress, 'tis the ground she walks upon I love, — the heaven be her bed. Worrah! worrah!' and here she clapped her hands together, as if she had been clearstarching lace, and threw her white apron over her head, to hide her tears ; and got on a chair, and rocked herself to and fro, as if she was nursing baby, until the sisters were fairly bewildered. She opened wide her arms by taking each hand in one of her own; the other unveiled her face, by smoothing down her apron to its proper place. When deprived of its accidents, her emotion moderated to a questionable shape. ' What do you mean, Bridget ? I only want to know why you look so pale and frightened ? and you talk of ghosts, and leaving baby and mistress, and cry, as if you were in earnest about leaving.' ' 'Well, indeed, Miss Florence, I thought I'd sooner cut off my right hand than offer to leave; and if it was only trouble or work, I'd work my fingers to the tone, for a dog belonging to her ; but it is not in nature to stand ; to stay in a house where such things come.' Here she looked wildly round the room, into every corner, shading her eyes with her hand; then she ?went over and tried the fastening of the bay 'window. ''Was it you who fastened that, Bridget?' ? Yes, Miss, and a good deed too ; it was there it appeared first r' ' What appeared r' ' Well, Miss,' says Bridget, crossing herself most devoutly, ' they say the likes of them don't wish to be talked of by their names, like the little fellows they call ' the good people.' ' The sisters thought she was cruzy. 'The likes of them, ? ' 'The likes of what: Bridget. Who and what appeared?' ' Well, Miss, if you must be told (crossing herself again), the ghost.' They were now quite certain that something had deranged her mind, and were becoming uneasy. Bridget, seeing their incredulity, began to ex plain. ' You don't believe me, young ladies. But as sure as I'm talking to you, it was there at that window in . the twilight last night he appeared first, and I saw him with my own eyes ; and he was in this room again at the dead of night, until tUe clock struck one ; and I heard him talking ; and signs by, look at the mistress this morning, how dawny she is ; there's no knowing what may happen, for they do say that no good ever follows diem that such things haunt. The Lord be between us and harm.' ' Amen ! ' said Florence, beginning to think there ?was some kind of foundation in fact for all this fantastic fear. She tried to sooth her into some kind of coherency ; and to tell her story from.the beginning in some comprehensible way. V Well, I'll try and insinse it. into you as plainly as I can, but my blood runs cold when I think of it. It was there, at that window, as I said, he first appeared.' 'Now, stop, Bridget. What appeared ?' ' ' In what shape, Bridget ? What was he like ? ' ' ' Like (crossing and shivering), a pale faced man, with red eyes ; tall, and muffled up from head to heel wiui a long cioag, witn a great nauy cap on jus neao. And, oh ! that cap ; instead of a leather peak in front, to keen the sun out, there was like the face of a fox, ?with his glaring eyes and sharp muzzle, all as one as if he was alive, and watching the chickens.' 'Ihaveeeen«uch a. cap used in travelling,' said Emily. ? ? - 'Young lady, this traveller came from another ?world.' 'Well, go on, Bridget; we shall not interrupt you.' ' Well, Miss,' mistress was sitting here in. the twi light; and I waB trying- tb.put that blessed child to sleep — they do say such things being in the air makes the dear little things uneasy ; but any how; I couldn't get him to sleep, try as I would ; he'd wake, and wake for hours ; and it was coming on 9 o'clock, and they said it was his teeth; but I know better now ; but the mistress, God be with her, is always watch ing that we don't get harassed too much ; and she rings her bell below and sends up to me to bring the little fellow do wh to her ; and we had j ust got him to close his little eyes, the darling— when there was a very slight fumbling at the window outside, as if a hand was feeling for the handle, and didn't exactly know where to {find it. 'The mistress was turned sideways, with her ankle lying on a rest ; and I had my face to the baby in her : lap, and my back to the window. So soon as that rubbing came we both turned; look, Miss, as sure as I stand here, the mistress, as pale as . death, 'throwing me the child, stood up as firm as if the ankle was as sound as mine; and faced the window as proudly as the priest, walking .over to it, I took the child, and screaming so ss to bring, the servants down, I ran like a mad woman up stairs. I soon became a little ashamed of what they would say about leaving the mistress alone there ; so I crept down again, and there were the other two girls at the door, but none of us could get in. It was locked inside ; and we had our order from inside to go to our own rooms. Well, Miss Florence, it was well I had a long candle, for I could never have put it out, and left myself in. the dark, so I didn't undresB myself, but lay down in my clotheb, keeping 'my eyes shut, and pulling the clothes thick over my head. It was a mercy that baby lay quiet by my side, wearied out with want of rest; but. hot a wink of - sleep did I get. I don't know how it is, but when a ; body is afraid, sound comes to them through the : walls, and floors, and blankets, sharper than at other ' times. She never came up, at 1 1 o'clock, the hour, she always came to bed; ' 12 o'clock struck, and she' did not come; but I heard her move -down stairs ; and I i heard the window open ; and though my hair stood i up like skewers, I took courage to. go down softly, i ?and there I heard her discoursing, arid him in Ills gruff ' voice answering, and I did not catch' what the words : were, but they were not inlove ,and friendship ; and ; .when he went, and the window opened end shut : again, it was after a stamp of the foot, and that grand ', way of commanding of hers, which there is no refus- ? ing. I couldn't but think that, may be, she learned something out of the priest's book in Latin, the way they have of laying spirits ; for she said it, for all tlie world, like the fine fulltone they always give at mass, when they come to pronounce Sicla Siclorum (per rxnnia Scculu Seculorum). Airy how, he went, for the window was shut ; and I was no sooner in bed again, than 1 heard her coming up at last, long after thettrcke of 1. That's the whole story, Miss; and there's the poor mistress laid, up ; and we]re all frightened ; and cook and housemaid, and the kitchen maid herself, at well as me, agrees that we must give notice ; and how to stay out the month we don't; know. Ccok gays it is a mercy the long winter nights are not come, when the darkness closes early ; but they can all sletp together, any how, for company, and I mutt ket-p myself in the -nursery with baby, and how I'll tvtr live if I see that figure again ! ' 1 his story was very perplexing to the sisters. They would not have given much heed to it, had it not been corroborated, to a certain extent, by tlie late hour of Mrs. Faiibornc's rising, and the general sleepiness of the lioutthcld ; however. exaggerated, it looked as if it had some .foundation in lact ;. and they patiently waited until she should be down to ask her. llicy withtd to walk about outside, and to avoid the noist of opening and shutting the half-door, went to the window. But Bridget, with, the utmost terror, ran and took the key. She did not appear likely ever to sanction that window being opened again ' during Sicla Siclorum.' They were compelled to go by the hall- door ; and, for a lull hour they -walked in the pleasure gardens ; sitting at intervals to rest, or to more minutely con sider tome topic that arose. There were many sub jects now deeply anucting both their hearts and hopes, of interest almost as recent as this strange story of Bridget's. - ' Alter an hour, the weird housemaid, with fainting steps and slow, came to tell them that mistress was now awake, and ready to receive them in her room, where she was at breakfast. They plucked a few flowers for her and went. : She was as sisterly and cordial as possible ; but -Florence could see at a glance that the old sad, sor rowful look had returned to her face ; the same that she had remarked on her first visit at the hotel, when she for the first time opened her heart to receive her advances. . : Sitting with her then was a relief to her, and she told them so ; but whatever had happened had un nerved her, ae it had the servants, though she did not speak of it. The breakfast was removed untouched ; and soon even the mere posture of sitting up in bed became fatiguing, and she lay. By-and-bye, Florence -ventured to mention the story of the ghost ; and to her surprise) her friend took it gravely ; merely saying ' I fear my- life has been too rruch a haunted one. X thought I had escaped their visits, but the phantoms, I find, pursue me into my retreat ; that is all.' . ' Excuse me, dear Emma; I should not perhaps have alluded to what gives you pain ; but I had only is mind the ridiculous story of the servants.' 'Not so ridiculous, Florence, dear ; one that it will be fit for me to explain to you some of these days— but not now. In a different sense, the scenes of last night were as horrible to me as to that poor supersti tious creature, whose fears of apparitions do not suffer her to remain in her situation. Would that there were no apparitions worse than those which come to us from the other world. If these visit us, I think it is generally on an errand of mercy, anil seeing them not, we trust they are ministering spirits. Those others we see, and know, and trust not, and we fear them. Let us not talk of them now.' They did not speak of them, nor for a long time of any thing. It somehow happened to those three, who would really have desired to help and sympathise with each other that the topics which they thought most of were forbidden; even the preparation for Emily's approaching marriage wa6 a forbidden topic now. After some time, baby's waking cry was heard again below, a direction from which his mother did not expect to hear it. Florence thought his presence amongst them would be a diversion, and ran down to leicu mui i tuio. jimiiy took we opportunity at lire door, to whisper a request that she would delay a few minutes, as she had a word to say to Mrs.' Fairbome. When they were alone, 6he said — '? Dear friend, I, too, have my phantom — and it is in this unpleasant shape that he haunts me.' She produced the letter, which Mrs. Fairborne read carefully, not without concern visible on her face ; but she spoke no word on handing it back to its owner. ' How do you advise me to lay him ? ' ' Do you seriously mean to ask my advice as to what you are to do? Whether to meet him or not?' -- ' Yes, and to act upon it.' ' Do you wish to meet him ? ' ' I had rather meet Beelzebub.' ' Do you think he has this power that he pretends to have ? ' 'I fear it.' 'Does he tell truth in stating Mr. WoodroSe's affairs are in so very precarious a state ? ' ? ' I know nothing, I fear every thing. Papa -will tell us nothing ; and this man seems to know more than any of us.' ' Look, Emily. He has got in here one lie, that is a key to die rest. This insinuation, that Lord Bay ford, your affianced husband, could be altered in Ms relation to you by any such calamity as he threatens. My girl, Lord Bayibrd loves you, if I know the . symptoms (and she drew her into her embrace), and there is beauty, and gentleness, and a heart here, which to a man like him cannot be enhanced by any such mere dross as that of which this man threatens the loss.' 'But, my dear friend, let him be ever so enchanted, it could not be. I — my father — in that case ? ' ' I know. But Emily, whatever happens, you can not meet this Livennore. I have seen him, and heard : of him ; he is a deep designing villain. This meeting he wants for other than his ostensible purpose. If he has the power to shield your father, if he is a good, man, why not exercise it ? What ean your interview do towards it r Your father's difficulties, he may, after all, exaggerate ; for is he not here, in every lint, working on your fears r For what purpose i To gain an influence over you in any way. I can see this much plainly, that if a nod of his head would secure your father's ruin, and another secure your detach ment from your engagement, he would not spare them — interview, or no interview. At all events, you. could not meet him.' This was -Emma Fairbome's advice, which sanc tioned Emily's first impulse, and her strong inclina tion. The two -friends embraced, as only those do who feel they each have her own heart troubles. To piii.- they -were new and unexpected; to the other now the habitual companion of her life,— sharper to tbt one, more wearying and wearing to the other. But however tvuublt varies, sufferers respond instinctively to the sympathy of sufferers ; even as it is written of the Great Sulierer, and the Great Sympathiser, in whose heart -we all find a fellow-feeling, — ' Forasmuch as Ec also liaih suffered being tempted, He is able also to succour them that are tempted.' Florence soon came in with baby, and nurse followed, looking a little less lugubrious, having .washed and dressed, and perhaps lighter for having told her story. The little fellow, kicking and crowing on the.bed, -and flashing the light in his dark eyes upon his mother, beguiled for a while their sadness of expres sion ; and his antics and little dimpling smiles, and quaint attempts to talk (for every baby has a way of his own quite original and antique) quite cleared away all the silent restraint of the morning, and they ' were more like themselves ; so that the tune slipped over unperceived; and it was with something like surprise that they heard the clock strike four, and found it necessary to hasten home. They walked quickly to Wave Prospect, Emily feeling better, now no longer in indecision as to her conduct this evening. Better that she had not a secret from her sister by her side, and her mother and brother at home. Florence and she were discussing the letter when they perceived the writer of it on the road they had to walk. The question was, whether they should ac knowledge him by a bow ; decided in the affirmative, because they would not take the rule of cutting a gen tleman,- except from their parents. As he passed, he looked at Emily with a ' We meet again at Philippi' expression; but being met only by a very slight inclination, his hat was lifted, but like a defeated man ; and whether he ever appeared at the rendezvous that evening or not, she never knew ; but if he did, ? had other company than hers, or none. It. was remarked in the neighbourhood, that in a bye road near . that place, a .bye road,, narrow and rutted from the«wheefs of drays, where other convey ances were never before seen ; a carriage stood waiting . for hours, shaded by overhanging trees; that when twilight was darkening, the horses were whipped im patiently, still fresh and untravelled, to the stables -of the Golden Fleece, and that some very ruffianly men, despoiling themselves of their handsome livery on alighting, slinked off to the tap-room, ' whence they were turned out drunk, at the usual hour of closing. Mr. Livennore was not in this carriage ; yet these men toasted Mr. Livermore's name at the tap, and sung it to the tune 'Fox he's a jolly good fellow,' and ' We won't go home till morning,' till the echoes rung, and when the police, at the eleventh hour, found them turned out in a state of mad inebriation, bellow ing through tlie peaceful streets, it was with Mr. Livcimores nnme they made the Welkin ring. ' Verily I say unto you, he had his reward.' 