THE COUNCIL AT ROME. a discourse by the rev. t. binney. We understand that many Nonconformist ministers, of London and the country alike, made l-eference in their sermons last Sunday to the so-called, but untruly designated " Gicu- mcnical Council," just assembling at Borne. One of our short-hand writers boing present at the Weigh-house, we are enabled to publish the following report oi tho discourse that was delivered bv the Bev. T. Binnev.l "Ye can discern the face of the sky ; but can ye not discern the signs of tho times?" — Matt, xvi. 3. We have here our Lord's authority for look ing at what is transpiring abroad : we have His authority for considering that occurrences and incidents may be signs, may have a signifi- caney, that we may learn from them, if wc consider them well", the secret of what God is doing or is about to do, that we may see in them something that He permits man to d» with His counsels and his agency, but which by way of natural consequence will have cer tain issues, and that these arc to he pondered and to be looked at in order that wo may un derstand the ways of God. For you will ob serve that the text would indicate that our Lord considered that there were sighs in the society of a deeply spiritual significance. Those who put the question to Him and wanted a sign from heaven were tho leaders of the re ligious thought of tho day, and so He answered their questions by indicating that signs full of a spiritual and religious significancy might be got upon earth, that there was no need to bring them a sign from heaven. He said, 'Look there, and you see what is going on, what God's providence permits man to do, and what He intends to do Himself.' Never let us forget that God governs the worid, that He is in the midst of and over all human affairs, that things are all under His governance, directed, regulated, controlled, and that He proceeds upon settled principles and according to law; so that if theic be certain things apparent in the individual, in society, among politicians, among Churchmen, theso. are but indications of an underlying law that is working out, nnd will work through them certain issues. Be cause of the seriousness of the import and of the interpretation as bearing upon God and His ways, men ought to notieo them, and especially the religious people that profess to havo faith in God, and to believe that every thing is regulated by God, that there is a God who has a church in the world; especially they, Jesus would seem to say, should mark, consider, ponder, reflect upon the meaning of the signs of the times. Not to do it is repre sented by His servants, the prophets, as an uni equivocal mark of impiety as well as of indif ference Those that are indifferent to those things the prophets stigmatise as wicked, as the thoughtless who consider not the works of tho Lord, neither regard the operation of His hand. There ore many things that have a groat deal of spiritual significance though they seem to he so secular and worldly in their character \- that people think they should not he mentioned on a Sunday, should not ho spoken shout in the church. Especially with us who do not administer the Lord's Supper every Sunday, hut havo it only once a month, there is a cer tain feeling that upon the morning of that day when wo more solemnly commemorate the central mysteries of the faith wo hardly want even a sermon, certainly not a sermon about the signs of the times 1 that we want rather a simple, devout, sacramental meditation. Now , T appeal to you whether I do not regard that, and net upon that, as much and as conscien tiously as any man, whether that is not my habit. I wish us to havo sympathy with the most devout and most spiritual, to be in per fect harmony with their desire and to meet their desire and the spiritual hunger of the heart by preceding.; our communion with a brief sacramental meditation. I often do it. But have ye considered. what a remarkable Sunday this is ? Such a Sunday has not been amongst ns for three hundred years. A very remarkable day. It is the Sunday that pre cedes the meeting of the great .Council called by the Pope, which is to meet, next Wednes day, .and whose utterances when it meets will be ' set forth as the utterances of the Holy Ghost. ; That will bo. the 'claim. There has not beeri such a thing for three hundred. years, an<£ jqst thought that perhaps it might not be amiss, without at all goibg minutely into the thing, just to touch upon it now. Of cows the phraseology _ The signs of the Times,'—. ' not merely one sign hut several— might lead us to tcveral things, for there are certain signs among ourselves, not so world- wide as tho one I have mentioned, hat which are very signifi cant nevertheless. However, I should like just to make two or three very brief observa tions about this matter. We snail look at it in connection with the providcnco of God. . This Oecumenical Council — it is a very hard word that, what does it mean ? It comes from a Greek word that signifies tho inhabited world, tho world of mankind. It was applied to the Boman empire, and an Oecumenical Council was a council not of a district, not of a simple portion of the empire, but of the whole, in which all the parts were brought together representatively, and its decision went forth like a divine law as the utterance of the Holy Ghost There have been several such,— I am not going to refer to them particularly, — hut it lias pleased the Pope to call for this. And what is it to do? Well, if it was a freo and deliberate assembly we should not know until it got into conference and began . to discuss, and things were agitated, subjects ventilated, and a conclusion arrived at ; but there is a very goncral impression thnt there will he not much discussion here, that what the council is to do is very much decided beforehand. In tho great mixed multitude of ecclesiastics who come together there is not a single language that could bo UBed that could be" really intelligiblo to all. Tliey could not all talk French, I am sure they could not all talk Latin, and yet that is, I believe, to be the language that is to be employed. Bnt there is a general impression from tho utterance of the organs, which speak from the centro of the popedom, that the thing is pretty well determined and decided, and that, instead of being arrived at by discussion, it will rather be accepted by acclamation, and the utterances given forth. Well, what nro these utterances to bo ? Wo must not be vory minuto here, but suppose wc look at three or four which have been put before us. There are to como forth some positive authoritative declarations, which, being put forth as positive and authoritative, must be accepted as matters of faith by all the faithful. They may at present be matters of opinion. It may havo been that for some hundreds of years some here, and others there havo denied or accepted particular ideas ; and they were free to differ; but when tliey ore uttered as the declaration of tho Council thoy are to become matters of faith, and at the peril of damnation they must bo believed. It is to be positively declared that the power of the Pope is not limited to what is intellec tual and spiritual ; that he is king not only over minds, but bodies ; that he has a right t» inflict physical punishment ; that he has a right to visit the transgressors of his law with fine, imprisonment, stripes, and so on. That is to bo declared positively ; it is to come forth as a Divine utterance. He is to be clothed with that secular and physicul power. This will bo a matter of fuith which will justify all your inquisitions, and your hangings, and your burnings, and every sort of atrocity that has been committed hitherto. It is to be declared that all people are worthy to bo damned, nnd deserve" damnation, who shall say that the Pope ought to reconcile him self to modern civilization, to the state of tho nations who havo learned to understand some thing of freedom, and national dovelopcment, and freedom of thought and of conscience- Whatever is included in progress, in advance- " mcnt, civilisation, the devclopcmcnt of liberty, and so on — you . are all to be damned if you. say that the Popo ought to bo reconciled to that. His propor position is to resist, to trample upon, and to comdemn. It is to be de clared that the people are all worthy to be - damned who shall think it right that Protestants should have anything like equality in the eye of the civil law with Catholies, that there should he freedom of conscience, freedom of opinion, or there should be anything whatever, but a direct, positive suppression of anything like Scriptural free thought as we deem t. 1 could mention, other things — science, the discoveries of astron omy, geology, everything that maiks the pro gress and advance of God's works is to be con. demned, and not to be' odmitted on the peril of damnation. However, we pass that over that. Another thing it is said is to bo determined and publicly declared, and to he made a mat ter of faith, and that is what is called the As sumption of the Virgin. They are never satis fied with putting Divine honours upon this woman. You know a few years ago the present Pope promulgated a new doctrine, a thing which had been a matter of opinion, which some people had believed while others had not, They were free to do the one' thing or the other ; but since he has made it a matter of faith, it has to be accepted upon peril of damnation by the faithful. I mean the Immaculate Conception, of the Vi) gin, that she was born and conceived without sin. Now, there is to be added to that another idea— an idea that has been in the Church for some time; believed by some, utterly repudiated by (others, which painters have tpken and wrought into their beautiful pictured I remember that my poor friend Sir Culling "Eardley Smith , had a marvellously. beautiful painting |by one of the finest old masters, of his Assumption of the. Virgin, worth ten thousand pounds. Painting and poetry have gathered -about the idea, but' it has deVer before been an article of faith. Hotver, now iV& td- Y be so, arid to bo received ' upon r the peHli' of i damnation. What is it ? . It is this, athiiagfbr which there is no evidence, whieh only'f mSta: upon somb foreign documents, whimeor»; hardly mown for hundreds of years, £ 'foolish. / idoa that, after boing buried, the body of the Virgin, hyas takon by Divine power and earned up into jheaven, and transforined.and beautified;, and glorified' like . the immortal and divine . humanity of the Son of God. This physical, ' . bodily Assumption of the Virginia to beooifie ' ' an- article of faith promulgatod by authority," \ ' Buttnereia another . thing— they donotput.. it first though, if, they would pnt pat it -first it r t would aafo a groat deal of trouble, for if you ance admit it you make short work of every-, thing else — and thst is, the' persofml infallibi- , lity of the Popo is to becomo an article of faith, and to bo promulgated as sucb. It has, of course, always been their dogma that the Church was infallible, but it has been a matter of opinion where the infallibility lay, some believing it was in the general council, others that it was in the general council and the Pope together. Ultimately, in order to magnify the Popo. the idea sprang up that the infallibility rested with the individual. Still, it has never been settled or put forth as the utterance of the Ho'y Ghost, and as an article of faith to he received on peril of damnation. It is, however, to be put forth now. It is supposed that this is the great object of the Council, to declare and set before the faithful all over the world as an article of faith the personal in fallibility of the man — tho Pope. With regard to this there ought to he a great many things settled, a great many conditions understood and determined. Docs this infallibility refer to everything that he ever says ? Is he always infallible in every utterance and in every thought, or is the infallibility to he confined to what he utters ex cathedra, officially, or is it to be confined to matters of faith ? Then how arc matters of faith to he distinguished from matters of discipline of which they may almost be a part ? I believe it is to be rather a gene ral positive declaration of the infal.ibility of the Pope. You observe it is to bo a doctrine of |the Church, Very well ; then it cannot mean the infallibility of this Popo as distinct from all others ; it cannot mean that infallibi lity now begins, and that ho is to bo infallible and his successors. No; it is the infallibility of the Pope as Pope, a thing derived from St Peter which has belonged to the office always, and therefore it is the infallibility of all Popes. That is tho doctrine. Well, but then the Popes have damned one another, tho ' Popes have differed, the Popes have been accused of heresy, the Popes have confessed heresy, they have been enlightened and have come back. There have been all sorts of doings — council against council — Pope against Pope. Where in the world is the infallibility to be found under such circumstances? All history rises up and utterly repudiates every possibility of tho ' Tlnf if ia f/\ tin jtnnn R flfron f Dnnvai'fc vu1,jO ' A/uu IV AO U\J WW uvttvi avwwviiw vvu ' »« always go farther than those who have been born in the religion and who have been accus tomed to it, and there is a kind of understand ing, a sort of expectation, that an English \- archbishop will rise up, and without any dis cussion pray and beseech his Holiness to de clare and to take to himself this great attribute, and that it will be carried witli acclamation, ' and there he will sit, clothed with one of the attributes of God. Well, if you once e-tablish that, of course you need not discuss anything further; you have nothing to do but to ask for his authoritative decision, ask for his thought, ask for his utterance upon anything whatso ever. For observe, — this infallibility is to in clude all subjects of science, philosophy, morals, politics, religion, everything within the whole compass of-thought; and this indivi dual man, clothed with this Divine attribute, is to be able to utter positively and authorita tively the right and the wrong in all things. This Oecumenical Council is supposed to be a successor, of what is called tho first council in Jerusalem. Now, let me make one or two observations, just to direct your thoughts to that subject. I would advise you to read over the account in the fifteenth chapter of the Acts, and observe what is said about that council at Jerusalem. There is no sounding of trumpets, no great preparatory pomp for that. When that council came together what dir. it consist of The apostles, and elders, and brethren. You will find that it consisted of the whole mul titude of believers of the brethren as well as the apostles and elders After they came together they had the matter brought before them, there was discussion, it was looked at on all sides, and there was a great deal of agitation. Where was Peter then, this prince of the Apostles, this type of the infallible man ? He was not in the chair, he was not presiding ; James was presiding. Peter was in a, somewhat secondary position. Ho spake, and Paul and Barnubus spake. Peter referred to the fact of God having chosen him to be the instrument of converting vulutsiius, nuu bu uu; <uiu uiwn, aiHir a gwu deal of discussion, Jume rose. ' Hearken unto me.' said he. Then he goes on, so and so ; and 'My conclusion,' says he, speaking very strongly and personally, ' is that we should do so and so.' And it was done. Now, I ask you, as plain, sensible English people, if that phraseo logy used by James at the first council at Jeru salem, he evidently presiding, and saying after the others hod spoken, 'My opinion is you should do so and so,'- — if that had been recorded as the language of Peter, and he had been in that position, should wc have ever heard the last of it Never. That would have been something of a halo about him. But lo and be hold, it is James who is the leader. Then, how about Peter's infallibility, to which his successors have succeeded 1 After Paul has given an account of this very council, and of what wo& determined and decided, he tells ub that that very man Peter came to Antiocb, and from moral cowardice he actually went against his own decision and judgment at Jerusalem, nn AAIAJ that iha A MAJAIA D.imI frili A 1. M A I.J. uu DW UCl/OU UMl MIC AttQI iCID VllttD I1C was to be blamed, and he withstood him to the face. That was Peter's infallibility. Nothing can rise higher than itssourcc, and I expect the Pope's infallibility will turn out to be as im perfect a thing as that of the prince of the Apestlss.".. , , . - V itW#ll, dear friends, it is a very serious thing, though, that at this time of day anything of this ...sort should hie admitted. Depend upon It it is . jr aiga pjf ihb times, a sign perhaps of the pride, and infatuation, and the madness with which God sometimes inflicts those whom He Is intending to destroy. How is this thing \- looked at ? First of. all, soma rejoice in it; and Accept if, and wish.it success ; hut even within the veiylimita and circuit of the Papacy itself there are a great number of persona who reject it, who do not like it, a vast mass of theory and inditferentism. Your kings and your emper ors would havebeen called upon before to take part in It. There never haa been a cosnoil yet in which there have not been representatives of the laity in tho form of princes or delegates of princes'; hut now this coming council is to be solely ecclesiastical. Your princes and your emperor don't care for it. There is( a feeling of indifferentism among tho mass of the people ; they look upon it hut do not care about it. Then, of course, there is a party who look at it and rejoice, because they think the perfect infatuation and folly of tho thing will so mark tho whole system that it will be the beginning of the end. Some idolaters of tho whole thing have great hopes that this wonderful act, this anticipated utterance of the Holy Ghost will he tho beginning of the Millenium, the time when Christ, in the person of His representative, will put down every thought and imagination that rises up, that He will trample upon everything and subdue everything under His feet, and that the thou sand years of perfect tranquility are about to begin. That is one thought. There aro others who think, and I should certainly rather incline to think with them, .that it will be the consummation of the apostacy — the apostaoy Which has been progressing, which began so ear.ly, which has continued to devcl- ope, which has acquired power and strength until it has risen up to this Height of arro- gancy beyond which it cannot go, and that clothing a man with an attribute of God, pro nouncing aiid setting forth as an article of faith his perfect personal infallibility, looks very like the fulfilment of the prophetic word, that that wicked one shall he revealed who shall sit in the temple of God, nnd shall show himself as if he was God. Far more emphatically than ever before here is the consummation of tho development of the apos- tary, and when that is done you may expect the Lord of Truth and Right to come and be manifested, to smite him with the breath of His mouth, and to blast him with the brightness of His appearing. These are the two views wli.cli are held by different parties in respect of what God is preparing to do, some dreaming it is to be tho introduction of the reign of Christ, others thinking it is to be the consummation of the development of his adversary, and that when that consummation is reached Christ will take to Himself His power again, and put down tno usurper irom xiis uirone. I meant' to havo gone into another subjeet, but I will only say a few words on what is to be done. Arguments are to he thrown awav on such people ; wc have no common ground of ai'gumcnt, they are proof against all that j but but there is nothing proof ngainst prayer, prayer which touches tho heart and moves the hand and power of God, though -men of the, world may smile at that and at tho idea of Pro testants meeting together to pray for these peo ple assembled in the council, and for the results and issues of what they are about to Jdo. It may look very feeble in the eye of the human observer, and to' your secular philosphcr, but thou worm Jacob slialt thresh the mountain. Well, now, a worm docs not seem to be very capable of that ; that poor, most contemptible thing lying there ; the idea that it shall thresh the mountain, that it shall exercise power like that! But that is intended to bo a strong poetical representation of the feebleness of man becoming strong through the might of God, and prayer issuing from those that are jnst as worms in the dust may bring down the manifestation of a power that shall thresh the mountains and smite kingdoms. Therefore, I confess I am quite disposed to sympathise with those who are going this week to unite togother for prayer. There will be prayer-meetings held in Free- masons'-hall during the week on Monday fitli, Wednesday 8th, and Friday 13th. Certain matters will bo bho subjects of prayer, and per haps of conference. The prayc will be for tlio enlightenment of those who are under Romish influence, and for the removal of error from those who hold a purer faith. The meetings are to be held morning and evening at twelve o'clock and seven o'clock. I think it may bo well for those who believe that such things are occurring about us are signs of the times which should be deeply pondered to meet together in prayer, that God will overrule them for the ad vance of His trHth. 