THE DEPRESSED STATE OF THE \- COUNTRY. MEETING AT NORWOOD. Oil Tuesday evening, February 8, a meeting of the electors of East Torrens was held at the Town Hall, Norwood, "to devise means to ameliorate the present depressed condition of the colony." There was a very large atten dance, and His "Worship the Mayor of .Kensing ton aud Norwood, Mr. E. T. Smith, occupied the chair. He read the advertisement conven ing the meeting, and said he was fully aware who had convened it, but he observed that from its ambiguity, any representative of the Par liament who might have been invited might, had he wished not to appear before his con stituents, made as an excuse that the advertise ment had not been signed by any one. As the question wa3 likely to be agitated throughout the colony, he thought it would be well if con 1 veners would attach their names to the adver tisements. He heartily sympathised with the I movement, and was pleased to know that there ! were gentlemen in their midst who were willing to be up and doing for the welfare of the country. "Whilst asking that each speaker should have a fair hearing, he hoped that any gentleman who might speak would be temperate in his remarks. Mr. C. S. Hare moved the first resolution— , " That in the opinion of this meeting cheaper land and increased facilities for agricultural settlement are absolutely necessary for the pre- | servation and future progress of the country.' It was'.the liberal action that had been taken by Victoria with regard to her land system that had induced him to move in the .matter. On drawing the attention of some of their mem bers of Parliament to the fact," he was told by thom that the Victorian system would be no where. He subsequently spoke to Mr. Skelton and Mr. Clark on the subject, and they were of a like opinion with himself and were determined to advocate cheaper land. (Hear, hear.) Cheaper land, he contended, woulA be the only salvation of the colony. (Cheers ) In Queens land the Government were _ really giving the land away, so that it might be cultivated. In America the farmer could get his land for nothing, provided he occupied and cultivated it. Although many difficulties had to be con , tended with in clearing the land,, he was sure, under such terms, the poor of England and other parts of the world would be willing to accept tjie offer where they knew by their own steady-toil they would be able to make a home for themselves. He would not ask that the land here should be given away, but he would ask what had been Mr. Strangways's land policy? In their distress he and his colleagues had mocked them, and offered their agricultural areas at £3 an acre. In Victoria a person could take up by free selection a block of 320 acres_ at 2s. an acre per annum, which, at the expiration of ten years would be constituted a freehold. "Where such advantages were offered by another colony he was convinced they would be ruined if we did not devise an equally liberal if not better land system than our neighbor. (Oheers.) A large number of the farmers had left, and he heard that 150 had passed through Moont Gam bier during the past few weeks, and were taking up land across the Border, simply because it was cheaper, although the Mount Gambier land was better. With these facts before them,' they must be up and doing to meet the difficulty. If the farmers left them, what was to become of them ? Business would be gone,1 and, with the people leaving, they only would remain to inhabit a city of ghosts. (Laughter.) It was necessary that their trade and commerce should be encouraged, and he believed prosperity would only follow when they adopted some such measures as Victoria. He thought they could devise a more liberal scheme, because, taken as a whole, the land was not quite so good as that of Victoria, and they could, ac cordingly, afford to sell it a little cheaper. His scheme wauld be to have the land at free selec tion at a yearly rental of Is. per acre for 20 years, when it should be constituted a freehold. (Hear, hear.) The areas, as at present occu pied, were too. limited, and in consequence were worn out. He was opposed to the idea of 'the wheat absorbing the whole of the agricul turist's attention. With increased _area he would have one-fifth under .cultivation, and "the remainder kept in " good heart," as it was called, by the manure from the stock upon the farm. Instead of the land -being poor as now, it would, as a consequence, be kept rich. The great want upon small farms was manure. He should heartily join in memorialising His Ex cellency to dismiss the present Parliament— (cheers)—and would only support such gentle men as would pledge themselves to remedy the present evil. He had nothing to say against any. individual member, but, as a whole, he thought they were not the men to rally round and checkmate the Government on these important matters. He believed that if there was a general election many of the old members would be returned, and he hoped, with their minds strengthened, a measure would be adopted which would be useful to the colony. (Applause.) Mr. A. Dowie seconded the_ resolution, and in doing so said, although he did not take a pro minent position in political affairs, he looked upon the present as a period _ in which every man should speak out his opinion on this ques-^ tion. He agreed that it was necessary that they should have-cheap land, and pointed to that as one of the chief causes of the prosperity of America- all- .along. Their neighboring co lonies had' lately adopted a more liberal system, and were prospering. (Hear, hear.) South Australia had prospered whilst her land laws had been more liberal than the other colonies, but now the tables were turned, and the population was moving away. There was another reason why they should get land cheaper. During the past 18 years South Aus traUa had. found a good maricec ior ner wneac m the other colonies, but from the facilities with which these colonies could cultivate the land they were enabled tovgrow enough for them selves and were thus shutting our produce from their market. He was not disposed to take such a gloomy view of the prospects of the colony, but had faith that with its natural ad vantages, more liberal legislation, and the in dustry of its people, it would be a great and flourishing colony,. : Mr. J. A, Holden had resided in the neigh borhood for 10 years and more, and he was sure no one would accuse him of being a public character, but he believed that any man who was a lover of his country, and had its interests at'heart, would come forward and exercise his influence in an emergency like the present. His object in coming forward was to support "the iresolution; and he firmly believed that if they did not have cheaper land they would very soon lose the bone and sinew of the colony. (Hear, hear.) And if the farmer's, who were the bone and sinew, left, the traders would see that it was to their interest to leave also, (Hear, hear.) He should go in for land at 20s. an acre, free selection and deferred payments. He thought the Victorian system should be their extreme limit ; if anything they should go oheaper. (Applause.) He was in favor of ten yearly payments of 2s., and the land in fee simple. He should like to join issue with a a writer in the Register newspaper' signing himself "Capital," who said if--the present agitation continued - the- value of the land would be depreciated to. an enormous extent. Thi3 was a matter which required • calm con sideration, and if " capital" or capitalists wero injured by. their-action, they should consider and i not injure them. He contended that if they gave up the land north of the Burra, north of Port Augusta and Port Lincoln, it would not deteriorate ■ the value of land- per manently one iota. Capitalists said-^If you bring down the value of land, we will call in our securities, and the colony will be ruined. He thought this would not be the case, and would go in for a reduction of the price to 20s. an acre, thinking that this'would not_decrease the value of land mateaially. As they increased their population, so they were obliged to push out, so .that the land almost valueless to-day was worth a considerable amount of money to morrow. In America portions of land were set aside for educational purposes. The rent ac cruing from these portions paid for the educa tion of the people. That part of Mr. Hart's speech"' as to the value of land in Victoria, he did not agree with. He thought our land was quite as good, (No, 110.) Well, then, what was the use of asking tho same prico for it ? It oiily sliowed that we should offer ours at a cheaper rate. (Hear, hear.) He hoped all would put their shoulders to the wheel, and endeavor to get a Bill giving cheaper land; and if the Parlia ment could not agree on a measure it would be better that the House should be dissolved. (Hear, hear, and applause). Mr. Bueman wished to know, as it had not been mentioned, what would relieve them at the present time. The Chairman' said the means suggested for their relief would form the subject of other resolutions. Mr. Councillor Nienaber expressed himself favorable to the resolution, pointing but the important position in which small freeholders— the class he represented—would be placed in should 40 or 50 per cent, of the population go away. He thought money should not be sent away from the colony to bring people in it. All the money sent away since 1851 was, in fact, thrown away. (Hear, hear.) Theie were three things that ruled the world—intelligence, labor, and capital—and if a man had capital without intelligence he was no good at all. (Laughter and applause). The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. John Clark was sorry Mr. Holden stated that he was not a public character, be cause in every country where manhood stiff rage existed, all should take an interest in public affairs. He moved—That an adjustment of the tariff, admitting raw materials duty free for manufacturing purposes only, is also essentially necessary for our interests." They had seen long articles in the papers, and that statesmen had changed their views, and it was only through the fear of being charged with,'incon sistency that they resisted the better impulses of tbeir nature. Men had left the old country with views, perhaps, protectionist; perhaps, in favor of free trade, and those views had under gone alteration during their'stay here, but they were afraid to state that, because they were afraid of being charged with in consistency. (Hhar, hear, and applause.) Let them tako the Chamber of Manufactures, with " which he entirely agreed, as an example. Individual members would sit down and talk with him, entirely agreeing with what he said, which in reality was r.tnk pro tection, but when, he got.. on the platform to propose anything on that subject they scouted him immediately. (Laughter.) The last two days they had been" treated to long arti cles in the Advertiser as to the existing de pression—the writer going to France, England, and America, to prove that depression in trade had not existei alone bore. With regard to protection having destroyed trade, as was said by the writer, he said, on previous occasions he had known the portions of the letter of the London correspondent struck out on account of its containing views on this question objec tionable to the Editor. Mr. Phillips here rose, and said he did not see that the letter of the London correspondent of the Advertiser had anything to do with the electors of East Torrens. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) v Mr. Claek thought Mr. Phillips was like the Register newspaper—he did not know what he meant. It was untrue that the protective tariff caused a depression in trade. It was the excise duties which did it. There was no necessity for the writer in the Advertiser to.refer to America. He might have gone to Victoria. In that colony, since McCulloch's tariff in 1864, there had been a total revulsion. Previously, the population was migratory, but the alteration of the land system, and the revision of the tariff, had been the means of increasing and establishing a population. (Hear, hear.) Two scales of tariffs had been introduced in tbeir own Parliament, but they were withdrawn through the actiun of the Government. With out population the colony would go down, and the Government through their action, or want of action, were losinu their best mechanics and farmers, who were going to Victoria. The los3 of mechanics was through their not en ' oouraging colonial manufactures. The men would not have left had they any work to do. He was sure the slops used in this colony would pay wages amounting to £150.000. It would have been a great deal better had the Government .looked after, the colony's interests by preserving the manufac turing population instead of wasting time in scrambling for the loaves and fishes. (Laugh ter, and hear hear.) He. believed there were many good, and honorable men in the House, and he hoped if the memorial to His Excel lency the Governor to dissolve the House was complied with, those gentlemen would be re rurned by their constituents with modified views. Mr. Baker, the member for Light, had charged him_ with being responsible for the present Ministry going in, stating that he, at a meeting at the Hamburg Hotsl, expressed his regret at the action of Mr. Reynolds, and that was the cause of his going out. He (Mr. Clark) should regret if this were the case, as he went to the meeting and spoke extempore •and just as his feelings prompted him. He would, however, say this, that rather than put the present Government in again, he would run the risk of putting in Mr. Reynolds. (Sear, hear.) One of the members of the Govern ment had been found guilty of a misdemeanor, and another of bartering their patronage for a .valuable consideration. (Applause.) Mr. F. G. Hales seconded the resolution. He attributed the cause of so many leaving the colony to bad legislation, and considered it the duty of every man to seek for a reform. Whilst advocating a liberal land measure for the agri culturist, he thought they should favor protec tion, and offer facilities to mechanics by pro tecting industries. He believed their represen tatives were against protection, because it would not be to their profit to advocate it. He gave instances of the benefits accruing from protec tion, and oontended that Melbourne, which it had been predicted would go to ruiu, had, from its protective policy, attracted our mechanics. His Excellency, he belie ved, would be called upon to dismiss the present Parliament, as they were unable to give the colony what it required. (Hear, hear.) Two measures qhey needed—a more liberal land measure, that the farmer might cultivate the soil with advantage, and protection to such industries as would attract a working population. The resolution was earned unanimously. Mr. J. Skelton thought not only had the Government proved themselves corrupt, but also politically dishonest and thoroughly in capable. They could not understand the idea of knocking the duty off raw material, and they were incapable of understanding differen tial duties. There was never a more barefaced transaction than that in connection with Cobb and Go.'s tenders,-and he believed there were too many contractors and agents in the.Parlia ment. He spoke in condemnatory ternis of the Treasurer, remarking that much as he disliked Glyde and Reynolds, he would far rather see them in the Ministry than the present men. There was one matter which had gone through the House which he wanted them as electors of East Torrens to consider.' There was a Bill which had passed its third reading in the House by a majority of three, about which he wanted to speak to Mr. I). Fisher. (Laughter.) He had prepared a map of the South-Eastern District at some expense, and he would point out some of the ■ land through which the South-Eastern Railway would have to. pass. - There was Mr. Riddoch had purchased 24,934 acres of land at about 21s. 6d. an acre, and a railway was made there at an ex pense of £800,000, and-they had to pay £3 an acre if they wished to buy land. It was one of the most barefaced swindles ever put before the people. Then there was the Strathalbyn rail way costing £5,500 a* year, and. a person offered to take it for £500, but he was glad to get out of his bargain. He was sure this South-Eastern Railway would cost them £40,000 a year. He read a letter from Mr. H. L. Galbraith as follows :— . " Dear Sir—Allow me to state a few facts in connection with the proposed South-Eastern Railway,, which, I think, are not generally known. "Firstly. The statistics purporting to be a correct return of the goods and passenger traffic which passed through Penola during three months, and recently laid before Parliament on one of the discussions _ on the South- Eastern Railway Bill by Mr. Riddoch, are, to. my know ledge, quite unreliable. I know who collected them, who paid for their collection, and how thay were manipulated so as to meet the views of the porson who paid for their collection; and were an opportunity afforded me I could easily prove that not one tithe of the stated traffic actually took place. " Secondly. From my intimate knowledge^ of the South-Eastern District I can confidently state that if one train per diem is run, as pro posed, from Lacepede to MaeDonnell Bays, the returns will not pay for greaso to the wheels and fuel for the engines. The quantity of good agricultural land in the hands of the Crown in the South-East i3 very limited in extent, and to the east of the proposed railway to the boun dary of the province with Victoria, from Narra coorfce to Mount Gambier, a distance of over 60 miles, there are not 5,000 acres unsold; and to the east of the proposed railway, for a width of ten miles, from Narracoorte to Mount Gambier, •there are not 5,000 acres unsold, Mr. Kiddoch ami two or three others have certainly, through our present land system, acquired large estates along the proposed line, hut I think it is hardly fair that the colonists of South Australia should be saddled with an enormous annual debt merely to put some thousands of pounds into the hands of two or three individuals who, by giving false statistics, and log-rolling (give it its mildest name) in the House of Assembly, have been trying to feather their own nests at the expense of all other colonists. "I am, dear Sir, yours faithfully, " Henry L. Galbraith. "February 4,1870." He thought the whole of .the best laud in the South-Eastern District was taken up, and what wa3the use of spending £800,000 for the bene fit of only 16,000 acres of land. He moved :— "That from the acknowledged inability of -the present Farliament to meet the difficulty in which the colony is placed, this "meeting re solves to memorialise His Excellency the Go vernor to dissolve the present Parliament, in order to afford the country an opportunity of electing gentlemen who are capable of. dealing with the wants of the colony." Mr. Councillor Nienaber seconded with plea sure. He confessed he was ignorant with regard to the South-Eastern Rail way, till he had heard Mr. Skelton's explanation. He be lieved those explanations were true, and if he was a member of the House he would enquire into the matter, and only vote where he thought, it was proper. (Hear, hear.) It was time they gave the Government the sack, and he would second this motion with pleasure. . Mr. D. Fisher said as hi3 colleague was not present, he thought he must be ill, or that something had gone wrong. He admired Mr. Skelton, because what that gentleman took in hand he went into with body and soul. (Hear, hear.) He admired the spirit By which he was actuated. It was true what he had said—that he (Mr. Fisher) would have to meet his con stituents, and he was glad to meet them, to answer to them with regard to his action on the South-Eastern .Railway Bill. He was the first when canvassing for a seat in the House to express his views on the laud question, and they were free selection, deferred payments, and bona fide occupation, and he had yet to learn that he had swerved from that. He had spoken in the House advocating a more liberal land measure, and he had nothing to answer for. A ratepayer here asked the speaker some thing about the extension of squatting tenure, but he was ruled out of order. Mr. Fisher, attended by Mr. Skelton holding a candle, amid innch laughter, then proceeded to point out on the map various portions of : good land in the South-East near the line of the rail way. He stated that if that railway was not there a good deal of the trade of that district would go to Victoria. > He was so satisfied that the South-Eastern Railway was one of the best things for the South-Eas tern District that" he would vote again for it to-morrow if necessary. He admitted that they would feel a depression for a short time, in consequence of its construction. He had no interest or property in the South Eastern District, so that his vote was entirely independent. (Hear, hear.) He had intended signing the petition for a dissolution of the House, hut a gentleman snatched it out of his hand saying, "Don't, Sir. Fisher/' The House was badly constituted, everything being at sixes and sevens. He hoped after this state ment, Mr. Skelton and himself would be better friends. Mr. Galbraith explained that as Mr. Fisher had challenged his statements, he would like to say that on the east side of the proposed railway there were not 5,000 acres, nor on the western side 5 000 acres of good land- in pos session of the Government. The motion was put, and. declared carried unanimously. Nr. Burnham would like to know whether Mr. D. Fisher would take that memorial into Parliament, but the Chairman pointed out that this could hardly be fairly asked. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the meeting, 