TALE ON'CHANGE. «' I will buy with you, tell with yon, talk with you, -9nn.K8PEiaE. Quiraquam rldentem dice re verum Quid vetat? "-Bokagb. I don't think I have ever seen, more feveiish excitement on 'Change, not even dur ing that halcyon period known as " the Inker rnann rush," than on laBt Tuesday afternoon. The excitement culminated when rumours got abroad that the Prussians were in Paris, and that Bismarck had placed L'lmperatrice Eugenie (in strong hysterics) under lock and key in a coat-hole at the Taileries. Oae could hardly believe that neutrals could take so deep an interest as we evince in the battles of two alien nations. As usual, the sympathy was chiefly with the Prussians, an instinct for which many who acknowledge the feeling fail to account satisfactorily even to them elves. On the one hand, the talk was that France had precipitated a needless war-that the Emperor had broken the peace of Europe in order to turn French attention away from domestic politics, and that the secret treaty was evidence of mala fides. On the other side the talk waB that France had grounds for resenting Prussia exercising, even indirectly, any predominating influence in Spain, as such placed France, literally, between the devil and the deep-sea; that Prussia's policy offers no points for British admiration or sympathy-that she hung back from alliance from England in the Crimean campaign, when France was our ally-that she plundered Denmark only because the latter was a weaker power-that she is not quite free from complicity in that mooted secret treaty. Besides this, the Emperor has kept good faith with England, and even now entrants his boy and his jewel case, not to Monsieur Cefi or the Marquis de Cela, but to plain Smith, of the Legation in London. On the whole, there is little doubt that in a purely selfish aspect it is better for British possessions abroad that . France should be tbe vanquished. She alone, of the two combatants, is dangerous at sea. So perhaps it is just as well that events are shap ing as they are. On the flags, brokers of a humorous turn (there are such persons) became painfully facetious in offering to sell Emperors and Prince Imperials at reduced rates. The de maud wasn't strong in the face of probable forfeiture. One gentleman, not unfamiliar with the delicate banter of the auction room, averred that the Emperor intended " to abro gate" forthwith. We bad a lively illustration, too, of the law of supply and demand. As the Extraordinary brigade rushed breathless in never-ending file, the first at the Hall of Commerce demanded a shilling a copy. For perLaps a minute and a half the first and second arrivals pocketed ready shillings, but as fresh supplies poured in amain upon the market, tbe buyers resisted the advauce, and ere two minutes elapsed there was a fall of 50 per cent. " 'Stromaries" fell to the normal sixpence, and even at that price the buyers were at length full. There were even unsold balances. How these ultimately were disposed of we bad a characteristic illustration. A well known solicitorof imposing bulk, agreeable ad dress, and with astrongsense of right, was in the neighbourhood at the time of issue of the Third Edition of The Argus, containing fuller news of the war. A consenting eye brought upon him the attention of two ven dors of larger size than ordinary. After a violent straggle, in which the customer's hat was all but knocked off, the one who had last attracted my friend's attention occupied the post of 'vantage, but he being a just man, he would only purchase of the dealer who had first addressed him. After receiving payment, the triumphant seller removed himself with suspicious alacrity, and the man of law found that he had bought a Second Edition, a copy of which had been in his pocket for an hour at least His sense of justice won't carry him so far next time, and when he does buy another newspaper extra, he means to pay by results, and read it first. The heathen are becoming thoroughly civilised. They have sounded the entire gamut, and are just now amongst the high notes. They can even afford the luxury of law. In New Zealand, the Maori chiefs atthe Thames are evincing their appreciation of the British code by filing their schedules in orthodox Christian fashion, with liabilities most respectable in amount, and showing a deficiency of which the most accomplished financier need not be ashamed. But we can rival even that In Victoria, A Chinese gentle man has sought adi voice from an unfaithful Christian wife, and has obtained the1 relief desired. It only remains for some dusky son of the soil-some bare-legged, blanket-' wrapped warrior from the swamps of Mor dialloc, to institute a suit in the Court of Arches upon some point of ritualistic eti quette-the colon* of a stole, or the cut of a cbRsahje. ; The professors of sonl-saving are, by the way/breaking out in a new direction. Instead of foolishly squabbling about moot points of doctrine oroeremony, they are endeavouring 4oonti])!n£ ei&NrthwIn; die Bmajrtneesof t^eirequtpSges. Ajovialsonof $tPflter tools his pair along with so easy a graoe «nd so neat aturn of the Wist thift an eloquent dissenting porting Major, f jpjin'-, . "" *f i "ntah^ ;pt iehu has *""*"'*?""" lit he wtUtia.his . . . lliniioi^w stories were sometimes resuscitated, the new generation would Iobh a vast accumulation of harmless fun. There are cycles of jokes, just as there are cycles of fashion. In fact, so. many ancient jests are afloat, that the pos sessor of "the latest" recounts it with fear and trembling, lest his spirits may be dashed with "My dear boy, a capital story. Heard it from Jinks of the Diehardssat Portsmouth, in 1827. Heard it not more than 50 times since. Ton my word, I believe I invented it myself." Depressing as is such a circumstance to a eeiifcitive mind, it would be a far worse contingency if the fear of repetition dammed up all the fountains of humour. Wit,like water, evaporates, and is again precipitated, and yet we don't jeer at rain as being a second-hand article. Isn't it almost as agreeable to have | one's memory of an old joke revived, as to be the recipient of a garish bran-new witticism wanting in the mellowing effects of all-power ful time? The best story may be spoilt in the telling of it There is as much difference in the method of narration as in the bouquet of that freshly-decanted bottle of white-seal, and the contents of the dusty decanter out of which the stopper has been accidentally loft. There is a philosophy of jokes, just as there is a philosophyjof science, politics, or morals. Just opposite the haunt of the merchant tbe happy hunting-ground of that picker-up of unconsidered trifles, the sharebroker of every-day life-there is a tailor's shop. In the windows are displayed various fashion-plates, but the bnsinesa chiefly affected is the rlAr»Afl] The stuff-gown of Geneva hangs peacefully and unargumentatively beside the rich altar robe of the florid-minded churchman. Bat there is a peculiarity about the illustrations in this tailor's window. There are pictorial pareons, with feet, and hands, and robes, and everything but-heads. Is this fragment of humanity indulging in a little quiet satire at the expense of his patrons ? Listening to the average of Sabbath-day sermons, can one imagine anything more preposterous than the snggestion of a parson without a head ? Are there any existing statistics of deaths by Yarra water? Deadly as has been the brandy-flask, I think even more despairing creatures have sought relief from earthly woes by Princes-bridge hydropathy. The most pa thetic ballad m the'Snglish language has had its topic exemplified a hundred times upon the gloomy Styx-like banks of tbe ever-flo wing. There must be some strange weird fascination in this sluggish ditch of death. How many pale ghosts must shiver on its brink ?-pre suming that ghosts do shiver, or that there are ghosts at all. Murder, accident, suicide, combine to swell a total which, if set down in plain columns of figures, would appal the stoutest. We can't, however, fence in the river-we can't fill if up-we want it for the oarsmen, and for the maintenance of a peri odical flood excitement So I suppose we must just row on and drown ourselves as heretofore. There is a wool-washer whom I am strongly tempted to name in order that he might I achieve the celebrity he thoroughly deserves. This person shipped in a wet state a quantity of wool entrusted to him to be scoured. Now, I don't suppose that a man who put on board a vessel a case of gunpowderand lucifer matches well-mixed and packed loosely, would ship a commodity many degrees more dangerous than wet wool. In this case, discovery was made in time, thebales were re-landed, the sharp wool-scourer was remonstrated with. Nothing disturbed at the possible contingency of a burning passenger ship in mid-ocean which had been averted, he isaid, "Nothing to me; I got a clean receipt!" Little wonder that a bystander of bulk immediately and prudently removed himself, acknowledging as he did so an overwhelming temptation to wring the neck of the cold-blooded merce nary. So the new National Bank building is at length finished and occupied. My verdict is that the banking room is the handsomest, best lighted, and most commodious in the city. I could have forgiven the »W.nrftfr>r had he conformed more closely to the character of the Hon. Robert Lowe, as depicted whilst receiving his degree at the last Oxford Commemoration. Al though he may be ingenii prodigus, he cer tainly has not been <vrisfrugctiissimus. There is too much suggestive brass or bronne on the hank furniture. This, however, may be hyper criticism. The old bank they tell me is to be reopened as a restaurant We shan't starve in Collins-street, if we have but money in our pockets. In East Bourke "no English wanted." There is retorted npon the Sassenach that ancient insult of London housekeepers to Celtic serving-women-" no Irish need apply." The East Bourke Boroughs have no w to choose between the Irish Mr.Bennett and the Scottish Mr. Ramsay, They much deshfcd the Scottish Mr. Balfour, but the Enclish Mr. Hornby, who ventured to feel his way a little, was glad enough to retire incontinently. When the Legislature contains nothing but Scotch men, there may be a chance for the down trodden nationalities. Depend upon It the MacSandies will begin to quarrel amongst themselves when there is nothing bat kilt ; 4ee^Whcwp:onjB^ '' ,* was ootuiMl pn either side, so was the Crown Wm% JKIteattoicfagr for flw i" nAralflM t' - Hia \\.l l M " ' " bit of outside theatrical gossip. There is a t-tory about, the narration of which wiU not, I hope, trench upon the ground of your dramatic critic. It is said that an eminent foreign actor engaged himself to a quartette of manageia to perform in certain plays under their direction. He was no sooner announced to appear in some particular pieces than one of the managerial quartette, in his capacity of agent of the Dramatic Authors' Society, demanded of the actor a money penalty if he appeared in the announced parts. The actor thus found himself pretty much in the condi tion of the victim of a aevere cross rough at Whist If he played in the prohibited dramas, he was in for the penalties at the suit of one member of the corporate management. If he refused to play in them, he was liable to be sued for breach of contract by the coiporate manager as a whole. So the actor played and paid. This is the way to encourage the ad vent of talent jEGLES. 