THE POPERY OF RITUALISM ; , OR, . ROMANISM -IN THE CHURCH; OF ENGLAND. :.; (By John Search.) ' ; . NO.XVL '-: V : ! !;V'i In our last we gave some illustrations of misquoted, garbled passages found in our ' friend " S's" attempted reply' to our -" articles on " Romanism in the Church of- ' England." Whether the variations point- ed out occurred through lapse of memory - which we can wrdly think, or through | .taking |ufl iriaterial from some B.econd 1 ; hand, rather than from tho original source,- we know not ; one thing however; ia suffi- 1 cieritly evident, viz : that " S's" credit, a$;;/ a painstaking contiroversalist 'inust have ; suffered considerably,, if it. has not been -' entirely destroyed. The reader will bo1- .able to judge as to the amount of- reliance to be placed in a writer whose quotations :v show such unjustifiable carelessness to sajP the least. If authors 'are to be quoted after the faffiion of those given hy him, then the most contradictory and mons trous assumptions, and absurdities, may be fathered upon men by whom they were never named, except for the purpose of exposing them. All certainty and fair-dealing would, in that case, soon be at an end, and " S " would, without any difficulty, be able to prove to a demonstra- , tion, that even The. Protestant Standard - so far from being what it professes, is;.; really the advocate of Popery of the very hightest type. Happily, the day has 1 gone by when this sort of thing can be received with any feeliugs other than' 1 those of disgust or indignation. In our last article several typographical errors occur,— -in one we are made to quote from : xii. vol. of Hume's History of England, instead of the vii. vol. Will the reader ' kindly remember this. ' Our friend " S." is evidently no friend of free discussion; at least so far as Ks church is concerned ; hence his sneers at " isms and modern prophets,"- — " the itch ; of. disputing,"—1 ''' the wrangling disease, "impertinent wranglings," — " unchari- tableness," — "animosities," &c.;, &c.;,and all because we have ventured to lay bare some of tho Popish errors and absurdities ' of the Book of Common Prayer, Homilies, &c; He appears conscious that there are many things in the Church of England ; which will not bear the light, — things which cannot be vindicated on true Pro- testant principles. Therefore when we at- tempt to hold the torch of truth to them; he trys to scare' us away, by crying out,- "isms! modern prophets! &c.;" and is very angry because he cannot succeed. This might have been consistent, if prac tised by a member of the Church of Rome, but we cririnot see how, a member of the Church of England can adopt such a cry, for he must know that his is the most divided church in Christendom, number-, ing as it does among its authorised teach-, ert, men 'of every shade of opinion, from! infidelity on the one hand, to rank Pa pistry on the other that it has driven, by its tyranny and inconsistency, the majority of the BritisbNation into non ' conformity, and is therefore mainly, rer sponsible for the '" isms"1 which abound- : For the edification of our friend, we give the following from Locke's Third Letter on Toleration, fOUnD in Vol. H. of his work, page 387 They who talk so much of Sects and Divisions ' would do well to consider too, whether these are notmost authors and promoters of sects and divisions, who impose creeds, ceremonies, and articles of men's ranking ; and make things he necessary to salvation; the necessary terms of comnfhniin,' 'excdludihg 'and driving from them such as' out of conscience and persuasion cannot assent and submit to them ; and treating them as if they were utter aliens from' the Church of God, and such as were deservedly shut out as unfit to be members of it; who narrow Christi anity' within bounds of their own making, and which the Gospel knows nothing of ; and often for things by themselves confessed indifferent, thrust men out of their communion, and then punish them for not being of it. Again :— Who, i beseech you, is it in this case that makes the sect? Is it not those who contract the Church of Christ within limits of their own con- trivance ? Who by articles and ceremonies of their own forming, separate, from their com- munion,all that have not persuasions which just jump with their model ? 'Tis frivolous here to pretend authority. No man has or can have authority to shut any one out of the Church of Christ, for that for which Christ himself will not shut him out of heaven. Whosoever does so, is truly author and pro moter of schism and division, sets up a sect, and tears in pieces , the Church of Christ, oil which every one who believes and practices what is necessary to salvation, is a part and member ; and 'cannot without the guilt of Schism, be separated from, or kept put of its external com munion. We commend the above to the atten- tioti pf " S " as it may help to reconcile him to "sects," and- " isms" for it very clearly shows'! where' the sin) and the responsibility really are.. ; " S" more than orice tries to distinguish between " unscriptural ' ' and anti-scrip tural.'', are not quite sure that we understand him. Does he mean that what is unscriptural is lawful while, what is anti-scriptural is unlawful, conse- quentiy wicked ? If this is not his mean ing, he talks, nonsense ; if it is his mean ing, he says what is absolutely untrue, for if what is unscriptural be lawful, what is untrue , and what is unholy must be law ful also ; if the prefix un, in the one case does not imply opposition, neither can it do, so in the others. The following are from one of the last editions of Webster's Dictionary . " AntiscripturaI. Not accordant with the sacred scriptures." " AnscripturaIi. Not agreeable to the scriptures ; not warranted by the au - , thority of the word of God ; as an unscrip tural doctrine So that our friend is making a distinction without a difference. Besides, if what is unscriptural is lawful, we should have little objection to under take; to defend, some of the most gross and notorious corruptions of the Romish Church. "S claims for the Church of England the honour of having given the Bible to the, English, people. It. is to William Tyndale we are mainly, under God, in debted for the English Bible ; for. as it has been well said that, " he more than any. other man has left his mark upon it; and when we wish to render praise to those who merit it for the noble language and the no less noble pervading spirit of the .translation we all know and love so well,, to him, more than to any other man, or anv body of men who have come after him, must that praise be given.- ..Six editions of, Tyndale's New Testament, numbering about 15 ,000 copies,, had been circulated in England before /the end of tho year 1530. Cran merdid not publish his Bible until 1539; ap.d, ithen.it was little more than a new edition-, of Tyndale's. Possessing both, and haying, been in the habit of comparing them for years, we can' speak with cer tainty on /this point. We. will, however, before passing on, give the reader an illus tration... The first is from Tyndale's edition of 1534. The next from Cran- mer's editiop of 1539. The text is the firgt on which our eyes fell on taking down the book. . It is Luke,. yiii. 45. .nd lesus sayde : Who is it that touched me? When every man denyed, Peter and they that, were with him sayde ; Master, the people thrust the, and vexe the : and sayest thou, who touched me ? And Iesus 'sayde : Who is it that touched me ? When every man denyed, (Peter and they that were, with him,) sayde: Master, the. people thrust the and vexe the : and .-say est thou, who touched me? . 5 'To "'Miles. Coverdale belongs the honour of.! -first printed r Eljsh transla t ion ' of !tlieJ entire j This ' wak ialm -'jtfrc' yearr a|(er' lib, Bflhey; Bpynh/inK an;i pthers1 bad . teen £$blicjfy" burhjlor their ' ?rpteslanti6m'Vi! TynaHlp1 QDljjgVq:. ' tp/jflep -to 'ifie 'Contiirt|i where - ho J was followed ah3 bitrayed liy :an Englishman, when be was condemned, -.anl died at the stake, Oct. 6, 1536. We will allow Marsden, a Dignitary of the Churchy of England, to tell what become of Coveirdale. He says : — ' On the accession of Mary he was imprisoned, and escaped the flames only through) tho inter cession of the King of Denmark, to- whose ter ritories he fled. . Returning at Elizabeth's ac cession, ho assisted at. the consecration of Archbishop Parker; but as he disliked the ceremonies and habits, his bishoprick was not restored, and the venovable translator of tho Bible was "suffered to fall into neglect and povorty. When old and poor ho was presented by Grindal, bishop of London, with tho small living of St. Magnus, near London Bridge.. He had 'scarely. held his prefennenttwo years, When l»e wais driveii from his parish by tlio;; stringent demand of a vigorous .conformity, with which ho could not comply; &c;, &c.; ' The vcnerable John Foxe shared in Cover- dale's disgrace. He, too, had narrowly escaped ' the flames by a voluntary exile. But he Kved to return. He placed the Church of Engl nd under greater obligations, than any writer of his ago, by his Book of Martyrs," and had rhis recompense in. an old age of poverty!— . Dictionary of Churches., $c. 617. It was men of God, like Tyndale, Cover- dale, and their associates, who gave the Bible to -England, and it was Bible-read ing which produced the Reformation. The Bible had. done no small portion of its work, before Henry VIII. consented to allow the people generally to read it publicly. According to Marsden,' the authorised version ; now in use, was undertaken at the suggestion of Dr. Reynolds; the Puri tan leader at the Conference at Hampton Court. : , " S." denies that the doctrine of the " real presence in the Eucharist" is a doctrine of the Chuirch of England, and he tells us of course, as most Evangelicals do, that what the catechism means when it speaks of " the Body and Blood of Christ, which are verily and indeed taken and recived by the faithful in the Lord's Supper," is, " that it is taken and eaten only after an heavenly and spiritual manner." " S." will excuse ub .for saying that this is a piece of the greatest nonsense which can well be uttered How body and blood can be verily and indeed taken, after an heavenly and spiritual manner we leave " S." to say ; for truly ! it is beyond our comprehension. Like Transubstantiation, it is both a miricle and an incomprehen sible mystery all in one. Such metaphy sical jargon could only have been invented for the purpose of concealing a meaning it would have been very inconvenient to have made plain. The bread and wine are emblems to be eaten in remembrance of our Lord's passion, and. nothing beside, either before or after consecration ; or else they are real body and blood, which can only he eaten after a carnal manner. If the bread and wine are mere emblems, and remain such and nothing more, then all the manipulation through which they pass during what is called consecration, is nothing but a piece of pompous unmean ing ceremonialism! That the majority of the bishops and divines of the Church of England, for the last three hundred years, believed in, and taught the real presence in tho Lord's Supper, cannot be doubted ; nor can it he denied that portions of the offices and catechism of the Church are utterly unmeaning, if such is not the doctrine they were intended to convey. We must refer " S." and our readers to our article, No. V., and to all the autho rities therein quoted. The responsibility of saying that the real presence is a doc trine of the English Church is not ours ; we have only repeated what has for many generations been taught by scores and hundreds of her own teachers; the con troversy is, therefore, between " S." and his own Prayer-book, bishops, &c.;, and not between him and us. " S" also attempts to deny the doctrine of Absolution. He makes out that it amounts to nothing more than " a pro- ' clamation of the forgiveness of sins, loos ing and binding. — ' He that believeth shall be saved ; lie that believeth not shall be damned,' and adds—" Why, the most ordinary layman can, on the authority of God's Word, declare absolution and re mission of sins to all who truly repent and believe." True, " S !" very true ! on tlic authority of God's Word, any lay man can. do this !, It is not the teach ing or authority of God's Word which is iu question,, but the teaching, and practice of ..the Church of England. Does the Church of England authorise " the most ortlinary layftian,"! to say to the ' dying man 'as the in " The Visitation of the Sick," 'Our Lord Jesus Christ, ; who hath left i power to his Church to absolve all sinners , who truly repent -and -believe in hitn, of .his great mercy forgive thee thine offences : And by his authority committed to me, I absolve thee from thy sins, In the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and ' of the Holy Ghost. Amen." " S" knows' that she gives no such authority to laymen He knows, moreover, that while the Church authorises a Deacon to baptise, to bury, and to preach the Gbspef, she does not allow him to pronounce absolu tion, or to consecrate the bread and wine to be used in the Lord's Support ! ! " S" knows this. He knows that declaring the Gospel and declaring absolution, &c.;, are, in the estimation of his Church, two very different things. Then, why does he try to mislead his readers By confound ing them ? - Besides, will " S'" tell lis how it is a Deacon is not allowed to absolve, «Stc? Perhaps he does not know. Well, we will helpi him. Let him. take his Book of Common Prayer , and turn to the- " Prrm for the ordaining of Priests"— and he will find the candidate for the Priest's office on his knees, the hands, of the Priests present, and those of the Bishop upon his head, and the latter Saying; " Receive the Holy Ghost for the Office and Worh of a Priest in the Ghureh of God, now committed unto thee by the im position of our hands.- Whose sins thou dost forgive, they are forgiven; and whose sins thou dost retain, they are retained," When " S " has seriously and care fully pondered these awful words, let him go back to the form for the Ordaining .of Deacons; and he will find that, the Deacon at his ( ordination -receives no suoh authority as . this ! Consequently he can not absolve, &c.; ! ! — Cannot, forgive sins, or retain them ! ! ! He is more than an ordinary layman, but still, he is not yet fully initiated into the Holy Aposlolic Succession. The Holy Ghost must de scend upon him through tho hands of the, Bishop, — that Bishop, like Colenso, may be an infidel, be at least may not believe that there is any Holy Ghost. Yet it matters not, the Twenty- sixth Article tells him, that "the effect of Christ's or dinance is not taken away by the wicked ness of hiui who officiates." — Such is the potency of sacramental grace, that it will reach him, through any channel, provided always, and only, that the hands laid up on him, are the hands of a Bishop, and the hands of Priests of the Church of England— for the Church has determined that the Holy Ghost shall come through this channel and no other — that he can not be a priest until he receives it in this way— cannot absolve — cannot forgive sins, until he shall have so received the Holy Gbost. If "S" will only look, he may see that this is the source of the authority which the Priest pleads when he stands by the bed and professes to absolve the dying. He will, if such is his desire, find here also, the centre and source of all the mis chief that has been, and is being done by semi-papists in the Church of England, — he will find it in the monstrous and unwarrantable assumption of this sacer dotal, ceremonial, sacramental grace. And until this is cast out of the Church, root and branch, she will never he free from either Ritualism or Popery. We ask " S " if be does not think that he would be far better employed in seeking its removal, than in attempting to con ceal it, or to apologise for it ? That our readers may judge of the terrible length to which this sort of thing is carried in the Church of England, we call their attention to the following extract from Christian Morals, by the Rev. Wil liam Setcell, M.A., Fellow and Tutor of fcxeter College, and Professor of Moral Philosophy in the University of Oxford. It will be found at page 247. But I will rather suggest the consideration of the vastness of the power claimed by the Church — a power which places it almost on a level with God himself, — the power of forgiv ing sins, by wiping them out in baptism— of transferring souls from heavon to hell, without admitting a. doubt of it, as when " baptised infants, it is said, dying before they commit actual sin, are undoubtedly saved," — the power of bringing down the Spirit of God from heaven, and incorporating it in the porsons of frail and . fleshly man. Think, I Bay, of this stupendous power ; and then ask if any human being could dare to assume it without autho rity from God himself. If sucli authority has never been given, then the Church, in every one Of its most solemn acts; is guilty of the most frightful blasphemy that man can con ceive. If it lias. been given, is it not a fearful thing to make light of or dispute it? And When, in this dull, cold, mechanical age, men say that the age of miracles is gone by, that the time is past for spiritual gifts, and the deification of men, and supernatural communi cation Jand all the dreams, as they dare to call them,, of the superstitious infancy of the world,— remember that even . now the Church is upon earth claiming, every day, and exercis ing,, the: same stupendous power as it exercised iu-thc first-ages, of Christianity. And though the world has grown old; pid faith is waxing faint, and the power of vision is departing, and man's being is sinking down into a dead shell aud husk of matter, emptied cf the glo- rious;sph-it which oneescemed'tourimate and' ' cokrar it ; still before our cyesrtR«re-.is a daily- mifaele working; andfc divine power as strong ' asjafc-its first appearance, and'a body perpetu ating the inheritance of a supernatural gift,' . ' and1 a communication open between heaven- and:- earth. And those who are! sick and' wearied of the natural world' may still take- reftlge in a world which is heyond'Nnturo, and' before it, and above it. 'We. may again refer and our- ' waders to the "'Visitatio-Tuwrmorum,. op Offices for the Clergy,''" so largely ' qikoted. in oua- IV Artie!!);' in favour of | oonfessiou and' absolution A book com.- 1 mended in the- Australian/ &hurc7nnan; oi? . March 6th, 1869. |; ; In'. reply to our extrabfe fron the 20tllv- 'Article of the Church of England, rclar . ting to j. the authority of the Church ,io; " oontroversaries of faith," " S" informs, ! us "the Bfehops araiob the Cliurchr-! , the Church is a congregation of faithAil men," &c..; Will " S' "" tell us when tlic - . Church of England that is, "the cougre- gation of faithful men " found.! in it, have : as such, exercised authority in "contrryer- i sies of faith "—-when it was ever - asked . 'y to do such a thiug? Has one such - instance occurred during the 300 years - the Church of England has .beon in ex- - istence ? Did the 'fcongregation of faith- ' ,ful men," compose the Articles, Liturgy Homilies, Offices, &o.; ? Were these set' - forth by tbe authority of this ;Congrega- ,- tion of faithful men ? Were not all these - things composed at the command and by. authority of the State, and forced upon this " congregation.! of faithfulime.n" by wicked, persecuting ' aots of ufiiformity ? . Was it not this very, fact which drove so : ; many faithful men away, from the Church' of England, which led- them ; to prefer fines, poverty, imprisonment, and even < death, to the! degradation of/submitting to receive religion from such a source ? The , "congregation of faithful men,'' in the TJhuroh of England are bound hand and foot; they must believe what they -are told ; they must pray in tho very . Ian- ' guage prescribed for them; and are in every respect treated as children incapable of attending to their own spiritual con cerns. If the history of the Church of England mav be allowed to illustrate the. meaning of her 20th Article, the conclu sion is this, the Church, in the sense of the Article, is the Reigning Monarch (whd. is its Supreme Head), and his Privy Council, — whoever that Monarch may Hap pen to bo —a tyrannical Tudor, a profligate and . papistical Stuart, or a Queen, re markable for her benevolence and piety. " S." describes the Church of England " as the " Redan of Protestantism," which looks well enough on paper, but is hardly borne out by fact ; for " S." himself tells ' us that there are multitudes of " Jesuits and traitors" in the Church doing their utmost to corrupt it ; and others quite as reliable as " S." tell us that from this "Redan of Protestantism" hundreds and ! thousands have hqen seat over to the ' enemy. So that we think even " S." will see, that this Redan, is in a i'-.ato of mutiny, and that it bids fair to accomplish what his famous " Kilkenny cats" are said to have done. The following passage from Goldwin Smith's work on loleration, will, in addi tion to what we have given in former pa pers, show the source of all tho mischief:— The momentary appearance of reviving life which Roman Catholicism lias exhibited in this country, in the shape of Oxford conver sions, and which has renewed our old .alarms, is duo not to any return of vital energy into tho withered frame of tlio Roman Catholic Church itself, but to the sacerdotal and sacra mental clement, essentially Roman, which was retained in tlio Anglican Church under the compromise of Elizabeth, and which had already produced exactly the same phenomena, iu tho time of Laud. " S."will, of course rejeet this ; as he believes that himself is right, and that all who entertain an opposite opinion are wrong. Well, be it so, we have done our best to enlighten him ; we are sorry if wc : have failed ; we have this consolation, however, J that a jme worthy members of the Chnrch of England have both understood and appreciated oar efforts. We will not allude to " S.'s" angry note of last week, further than to say that we have been reminded of the "wily lawyer" who said to tbe counsel' whom be ' hid employed for a certain defence, — " No ease, abuse the plaintiff." Such 'a course < may bo politic, but wo must leave alone its honesty. We shall wait patiently until " S." has proved all he asserted in: bis note, when he may, perhaps, hear from 7 us again. Heb Vajistt; the. Queen is expected to visit .; Ireland some time next year, which will proba bly afford occasion for some merciful consider ation towards the. Fenian prisoners 