GENERAL NEWS. Mr. Hedges left a few days ago, at the office of the Border Watch, a mushroom mea suring three feet in circumference, and weigh ing 2A lbs., grown at Compton. Nothing has yet been settled in the matter of the Port "Wakefield Tramway. The Government have, we understand, offered to leaBe it to'soine private parties, who are now considering the conditions. We are requested to draw attention to an advertisement elsewhere announcing that a," pinnic in connection with the "Christian Doctrine Society" will be held at Graham's Castle, on the Queen's birthday. The A. E. I. Club and .the Wesleyan College Clubs met on the College ground on the 21st inst. to play their first football match. Neither side, however, succeeding in obtaining a goal, the game will, therefore, be continued on a subsequent Saturday. The game being un finished, it is useless to describe it. According to the Southern Argus, Capt. Johnson of the Jolly Miller reports the country betweenPort Bourke and Wentworth as look ing magnificent, the grass being about 2 feet high. We see by a Melbourne paper that .Henry Edwards, who was charged with the murder of Mary Eagan, alius Loney Brown, a woman who formerly lived in .Adelaide, has■ been discharged from custody on the ground of insufficient evidence. . Mr. R, B. Smith has received from; | Mr. Blackmore a reply to a memorial presented to the Commissioner of Crown Lands on April 7 by Messrs. Walter Thomson, Allan Bell, and others,'intimating that last Thursday's Gazette "contains new Waste Lands Regulations wich reduced charges for commonage licences." We regret to state that Mr.. William .Collins, who sustained, such severe injuries by. the accident which happened to the mail coaches at Fordham's, on May 9, that his leg had to be amputated, died in the Adelaide Hospital on Saturday afternoon. An inquest .will be held to-day by Dr. Clark, J.P. The anniversary services of the Sunday schools connected with the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church were commenced on Sunday, May 22. The Eev. Thos. James conducted the morning and evening services, preaching two discourses from the words—"Let me not see the death of the.child," Genesis, xxi., 16; and in the after noon the Bev. S. T. Withington delivered am appropriate address to the children. On each occasion there was. a large congregation, and the scholars very creditably sung a number of pieces. The usual collections were made. On Saturday morning a horse, with a heavy tilted-up dray attached, bolted along Waymouth-street into King "William-street. When opposite the Napoleon Bonaparte Hotel, Mr. Bich. George courageously caught hold of the reins, and making the animal describe part of a circle, brought it to a standstill. Mr. George deserves great credit for bis daring, be cause, bad the runaway not been stopped, the probability is that in such a crowded thorough fare as King William-street much damage would have been done. On Saturday night, May 21, a very serious accident happened to a boy named Arthur Taylor. It appears that he was riding to his home at Mount Lofty on Saturday even ing, and when on the district road, close to the Mount, his horse bolted, and came into colli sion with a van belonging to Mr. Cobbledick. The skid struck his right leg, and tore the ' flesh completely away from the bone. He also received a nasty blow in the stomach, which •caused him great pain. He was taken to the Hospital on Sunday morning, and his injuries were found to be very serious. On Sunday afternoon, May 22, the Bev. J, Gibson, of Angaston, preached a sermon at the Baptist Church, Flinders-street, in con nection with the South Australian Total Abstinence League. The text was taken from 6th chapter 1st Corinthians, 9th and 10th verses. The rev. gentleman also preached at the Primitive Methodist Jubilee^ Chapel, Morphett-street, in the evening. This evening the aggregate meeting of Bands of Hope will be held in the Town Hall Assembly Boom, when addresses and recitations will be given. To morrow the Annual Conference of the League will be held in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide. The South Australian Yacht Club has during the past year shown signs of vitality, and now numbers 50 members, who are officered by the following gentlemen :—Commodore, Capt. Ferguson ; Vice-Commodore, Mr. W. H. Bundey; Bear-Commodore, Mr. E. G. Black more ; Treasurer, Mr. G. A. Connor. On the anniversary of Her Majesty's Birthday the Club intend to have a regatta. The following entries have been made, and some very excel lent sport is anticipated:—Jane, owner Sin clair; Isabella, owner Christie ; Express, owner Jacobson; Prince, owner Playfair; "White squall, owner Herbert. Besides the above, we notice Mr. Bucknall advertises an 'inducement to pleasure-seekers on the same day, by supple menting the race with a variety of aquatic sports, to be held below the Port Bridge. We are informed that His Excellency the Governor and Lady Edith Fergusson enter tained the following at dinner at Government House on Fiiday evening lastLady C. Bacon, Miss Helen Fergusson, Sirs. Howard, Mr. J. S. O'Halloran, Mr. and Mrs. J. Boothby, Captain Thacker (18th Begiment), Captain and Mrs. Marsland, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Cooper, Captain and Mrs. O'Halloran, Mr. and Mrs. Souttar, Mr. A.- Norman. Lieutenant Fergusson (Private Secretary), and Lieutenant Morris (Aid-de Camp).— In the evening Lady Edith Fergusson had a small party, to which the following ladies and gentlemen were invitedThe Bishop of Adelaide, Mrs. and Mis3 Short, Mr. Henry Short, Colonel and Mrs. Bocke, Chief Secretary and Airs. Stow, Bev. F. W. Marshall, Bev. T. and Mrs. Green, Bev. C. and Miss Jenkins, Bev. C. W. and Mrs, Morse, Bev. A. and Mrs. Honner, Rev. E. K. and Mrs. Miller, Bev. 0. Browne, Canon and Mrs. Coombes, Rev. J. and Mrs. Smythe, Bev. W. A. Clayfield, Bev. W. Scott, Rev. 0. G. Taplin, Rev. R. B. and Mrs. Webb, Canon and Mrs. Dove, Mr. and Mrs. Kent Hughes, Mr. and Mrs. Hawkes, Mr. and Mrs. Crawford Mr. and Mrs." Young, Miss Woodford, Captain Briggs (18th Begiment), Mr. Menry Hare, Mr. Barnaby, and Mr. Henry Dntton. On Sunday, May 22, Miss Thorne, from Melbourne, preached in the Town Hall. As might be expected, there was a large atten dance, the body of the Hall being filled, and the platform and gallery accommodating a large number of hearers. Miss Thorne conducted the whole of the service, and as the basis of her sermon she selected the words contained in the 6-h chapter of Hosea, and the 3rd verse—"Then shall we know if we follow on, to know the Lord; His going forth is prepared as the morn ing, and He shall come unto us as the rain, as the latter and former rain, unto tbe earth." In speaking of these words she dwelt upon these thoughts—1st. The- means of securing a knowledge of God; 2nd. God's manifestation of Himself; and 3rd. The glorious and beneficent results of such manifestation. Miss Thorne expanded these thoughts in an eloquent and earnest manner, such as enchained the attention of the congregation. Unfor tunately her voice was not strong enough to fill the immense Hall, and consequently she was but imperfectly heard in some parts of the building. In the evening she conducted divine service in the Young-street Bible Christian Church, which was crowded, many persons not being able to gain admission. The words se lected as her text were, " And they were filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance." After referring to the promise of Christ, she spoke of His advent, His agony in the garden, and of His ultimate death upon tke cross. She alluded to His ascension also, and the pouring out of the spirit upon his disciples on the Day of Pentecost, by which they bore witness of him and were enabled to declare with power the wonderful things of God. Collections were made on each occasion on behalf of the Circuit Fund. To-morrow evening Miss Thorne will address a meeting which is to be held "in the Town Hall Assembly Booms. The present population of London is esti mated at 3,225,000; of Paris, 2,000,000; of Berlin, 710,000; of Vienna, 610,000. 