THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE'S CHARGE TO HIS CLERGY. Tho Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Mel- bourne held his fourth visitation yesterday, in the cathedral church of St. James. The Bishop, attended by the Dean of Melbourne and the Rev. M. H. Becher, vicar of St. James's and his Lordship's chaplains, the Revs. S. L. Chase and G. Goodman, en tered the church at 11 o'clock, tho clergy and a number of lay members of the church having previously assembled. The litany having been read by the Rev. M. Becher, tho deputy-registrar (Mr. !YV. E; Morris) read the bishop's mandate and the citation, and called over the names of the clergy of the archdeaconry, who answered to thoir names. Tho bishop then gave his charge, which occupied an hour and a half in delivery. We append the more im portant portions : — Beloved brethren in the Lord, — Four years have gono by since I last addressed the clerc-y of tho archdeaconry of . Melbourne in this ca thedral church. So much nearer havo we all come to the close of our ministry on earth, and to the day when we must give an. account of that ministry at- tho judgment scat of Christ. * * * The purpose for which we aro met to gether is of a very solemn character — solomn in respect to you, yet more solemn as regards my self. The duty which I have now to perform, of. speaking to you ex cathedra upon a number of topics relating to your ministry, would always, under any circumstances, bo ono ot ;very crave responsibility. * * * Wliile, however, I my self have (as I think every servant of God, when fulfilling the duties of his office, ought to have) this trust in the divine guidance, ldo not ask you to receive every opinion which I shall ex press as indisputable. Listen to me as your bishop with respectful attention, and pay duo deference to what I say, but do not so call any man master upon earth, as to divest your selves of individual responsibility. By the exercise of your own reason and conscience in the reading of the Bible, with prayer for the teaching of the holy spirit, ' prove all things and then hold fast that which is good.' * * * The object which every minister of Christ should have continually before him is, ' to bring all such as aro committed to his charge unto that agreement in the faith and knowledge of God, and to that ripeness and perfectness of ago in Christ, that thero bo no place left among them either for error in religion, or for vicious ness in life.' Further, I would remind you that ' you cannot by any other means compass tho doing of so weighty a work, pertaining to tho salvation of man, but with doctrine and exhorta tion taken out of tho Holy Scriptures, and with a life agreeable to the samo.' * * n If people assemble themselves together for tho gratification of the senses, or for any object other than the rendering of thanks to God for the great benefits received at his hands, the setting forth of his praise, the honoring of his holy word, and tho asking from him of the things which they want for their souls and bodies, they are not likely to worship him in spirit and in truth. Almost surely will they, by calling upon him with their lips while their hearts are far from him, take his holy name in vain, and so aggravate their guilt in liia sight. Perhads, indeed, some so coming may receive into then- hearts the arrow of God's word, and be constrained thereby to cry \iv.\o liim for pardon and salvation ; but these will be ex ceptional cases. The large majority ef those who, Sabbath after Sabbath, thus profane the house of prayer, will have their consciences moro and more seared by habits of formality and worldliness, and at last perish in impenitence and practical unbelief. If this description of a congregation, composed of ' ' lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God,' sounds harsh in your ears, say, my brethren, whether it is not a faithful representa tion of what you yourselves have seen and known. You cannot but acknowledge that it is. I there fore solemnly charge you to beware of using car nal means for carrying on the work of the Lord. I charge you to beware of attracting a congrega tion to hear fine music, and so turn the house of prayer into a place of public amusement. Music may rightly be emploped by spiritual worshippers to show forth the praises of tiod, and, provided that it be adapted to that object, it cannot be too good of its kind. But if music be used to attract the worldly-minded to our churches, to gratify the vanity of choirs, or to pleasethe ears o£ a congregation, it is an abomination in tho sight of God. Instead of promoting, it will greatly in jure, the progress of pure religion and piety among your people, and will impair, not increase, your ministerial efficiency. Trust, my brethren, to the simple, earnest, loving proclamation of the -Jfj.--pcl, to the- diligent and affectionate pastoral visitation ut your people, for tilling your churches ami imrrc-ising the number of communicants. In the use of these means you may be assured of God's blessing, and if hejjrant unto you to see a largo attendance at public worship and at, the Lord's table, you may have a good hope that those who are thusbroujjht toother shall prove your joy and crown of rejoicing in the day of the Lord Jesus. * * * In speaking to you of your duties, I must not omit to remind you, that, besides those of a ministerial character towards their people, parochial clergymen have others towar.1 one another, toward the diocese, and toward the bishop. * * * Circumstances, which have occurred since tho delivery of my last charge, oblige me to speak to you concerning this also. From the great body of tho clorgy under my jurisdiction I have always experienced quito as much deference, and quite as ready a compliance with my advica aud suggestions, as I could nxpect or desire. But there appears to exist in some of my brethren an apprehension lest, through allowing too much authority to tbi'rr I bishop, they should sacrifice their own ri^Vra. jj is therefore* important for you to con^iacj ^.jmt ;B realh your duty to him and *?**, yourselves. Now, besiuc3 the obligji^on which tho law of the church imposes Upon him, every parochial clergy man has, as you know, expressly pledged himself on two distinct occasions to submit to the au thority of the qishop— first, at tho ordination, when, the question being put to those who are to be ordained, ' Will you reverently .obey your ordinary, and other chief ministers of the church, and them to whom the charge and government over you is committed, followingwithagladmind and will their godly admonition V each replies, ' I will endeavor myself, the Lord being my helper ;' and secondly, on being licensed to a cure, -when every clergyman takes tho oath of canonical obedience as follows :— ' I, A. B.. do swear that I will pay true and canonical obedience to the lord bishop of ? in all things lawful and honest. So help mo God.' What further obli gation, then, has a parochial clergyman hereby incurred ? Has ho incurred any I It has been alleged that this promise and oath only bind a clergyman to obey his bishop so far a3 a court of law, if appealed to, would compel obadionce. But if this interpretation wero correct, they would ha altogether usele33, and might at once bo abolished. Unless they bind the conscience of a clergyman to render to the bishop a deference and submission beyond that which the law en forces, the bishop's authority is in no way strengthened by them. . To me. however— and I do not think the ofiice which I hold influences my judgment — it appears clear that they imposa a much wider obligation, and that every clergy man is hound by his promise at ordination to follow the admonitions, and submit himself to the judgments of his bishop, unless ha can con scientiously pronounce them to bs not 'godly,' and tlitit lie is obliged by his oath to obey the bishop in all things, except such as are not law ful or not honest. I have no wish to assume any despotic power over the clergy, but I am anxious for them that they should in this matter keep a good conscience toward trod ; and 1 am anxiou3 for the church, lest it should suffer injury from any evasion of tho solemn engagement into which its ministers have entered with it. 'I speak as to wise men, judgo ye what I say.' * * * Apart, however, from tho consideration of how we ought individually to judge of and to maintain sound doctrine, there is another ques tion which, as it has of late provoked muoh dis cussion, wo must not overlook, viz., what test has our church adopted wherewith to try the doctrine of its ministers] And how does it apply that test ? This question, or rather these two questions, may, if we calmly consider tho matter, be easily an swered. ? First, the test which the church has adopted to try the doctrine of its ministers is obviously the volume of authoritative documents, — its Articles of Religion, its Catechism, its Book of Consecration of Arch bishops and Bishops, and Ordering o£ 'Priests and. Deacons, aim tltc various servfces and offices of its Book of Common Prayer. A clergy man who, in preaching or teaching, affirms anything which is denied, or denies anything whicit is affirmed in Shese documents*, is, thereby, in the judgment of the church, gtilty of false doctrine. But witk respect to all those matters (and there are Vfiry many), u-psn which thei church has not ttus pronounced an authorita tive opinion, he is freo to everciso his ovra*.' private judgment To its laity « ba church allows a yet wider sc-sj?e ; for it recjiires from th«m at their baptism .-and confirmation no other pro fession of faith 13ian that which is contained in tiie Apostle's Creed. Herein o»Esists the coExpr* fcensiveness of Sia Church of BEglantl ; and Cod forbid that it should ever lose a character, by which it is, in our opinion, -so favorably iflis tinguished iron*, some other churches. But let us not ; forget that while -wmprehensive, Et is also exclusive as to both it« ministry and its communion, anil tliat it slitrts out from ill-, ono and the other, all who tracsgross the limits which it impeses upon them. Beforo proceed ing,, however, I must beg you not tu imder stand me as fbough I intended to put the an thoritatke hiDOaace of the dhurch'in titn- rinnn of, or. upon & fevel with tiie inspired \Fm£ of God. Sack is not my meaning. Since tho Apostolic sge, 'filio. volume of tho Scriptare, has beon^the one fli% original swurrc of revealed -truth, and the one final test or sound diofeine. * * ' * AJthacgh it woculfi obviously be in possible and nm.v.pse for me ioitttempt to enumer ate all the parJiisulara in -Kirch the clrca-cli re quires its rainiuiiers, and in -.which tlierefrc-c a bishop should require candidates for orders to be sound in the faiffii, yet yon nHKy justly cxpeot me at this period of strife anil ffivision. to Sedlaro plaiuly by wfcet rule I Save acted, :ond purpose still to act, in respect to those questions which now threaten, to rend to pieces tho Churtfi in Englsaxd. TIub I mm quite ready to do, Already cu various ocoa fsions I have expressed my «ntiments ujion them ; but I will now publicly and officially inform you of tho course of conduct concerning them, which I have laid down for myself, Be toro doing so let me remind you. that I am not concerned about the views or customs of particular schools of theology, but only with the . opinions ' held by particular persons coming before mo either as candidates for ordination, or (for the' church here has gives me similar discretionary power with respect to them) as applicants for clerical employ ment in tho diocese. Let me remind you also that I am going to speak only of certain points of doctrine, upon which, as it appears to mo, it is at the present time especially necessary for a bishop to endeavor to ' maintain among the clergy soundness in the faith. Among these are some on which tho church has ex pressed itself affirmatively ; e.g., the divine aut hority- of the holy scriptures as inspired of God, the vicarious sacrifice of our Lord and- Saviour Jesus Christ for the sins of tho world, and the personality and God head of the holy spirit. I cannot concientiously ordain, or admit to the mi nistry in this diocese, any one who does not give me satisfactory assurance that he bona fide holds, and will faithfully teach these fundamental truths of the gospel. Again, there are others on which, as I conscientiously believe, the church has with equal plainness expressed itself in the negative ; e.g., the presence of the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ, in any sense whatever, in the bread and wine after consecra tion by the officiating priest at tho administra tion of the Lord's supper ; tho offering of Christ to God, in any sense whatever, by the officiating priest, at that holy sacrament; the practice, as distinguished from the occasional use, of confession to, and tho private pronouncing of absolution and the' imposing of pe nances by a priest; the addition of any ceromonial in public worship not enjoined, or expressly permitted, by the Book of Common Prayer. I cannot conscientiously ordain, or admit to the ministry in this diocese, any ono who does not give me satisfactory assurance that he heartily approves, and will strictly adhere to, the doctrine and directions of the church in these particulars. In the latter, as well as in the former case, no other qualifications, of what ever kind — piety, zeal . for God, amiability, genius— can compensate for an indistinctness, or hesitation, upon such vital matters. My object at present in not to defend, biit only simply state the position which I have Qeliboratciy taken, and by God's help, intend to maintain for the preservation of the Church here from tho ' false doctrine, heresy, and schism' now prevalent to a great extent in our fatherland. Herein I am responsible to God and to tho Church ; and I trust that I shall approve -myself to him and to it. I kuow that, how great soever care I may use, some men will deceive me, and so obtain ordination or admission into the diocese ; and that others, after they have been so ordained or admitted, will totally change their opinions and course of conduct. In such instances, when they occur, I am bound, so long as I can cherish a hope that my admonitions will have any effect, to admonish clergymen of their error, and endeavor to brin^ them into the way of truth. But if I am unable to con vince or persuade them, I do not think that I should do tho Church any service by having re course to legal proceedings. Unless, therefore/ l am specially called upon to interfere, I shall not many case take further action. I shall prefer to com mit tho issue to the Lord in prayer, and in confidence that He will either deliver any who have thus 'erred and are deceived' from the errors into which they have fallen, or in His own good time and way remove them. Referring to the opinions which I expres-ed in my last charge upon the character of the music, tho constitution of the choir, and the portion of tlie service to be sung in our churches, I would now repeat that, so far as the church authorises you to exercise your own judgment, I do not de sire to impose mine upon you, but only ask you to give the subject your serious attention, and to seek the guidance of the Holy Spirit, remembering always the solemn account which you must here after give for the manner in which you use your discretion. As it appears, from the joint opinion of Sir Kobt. l'hillimore and Dr. Stephen, that a bishop ha % no authority to interfere excel** upon an appeal being m.vle to him in som; ivirlicuiar case, I have withdrawn my {jencr:'.l onler ujnn tho intoning of any prayer or raTpimse^ retfpeet iii;' which the alternative of saying and fiinjring is not allowed by the rubric. Rut the furthor inves tigation of tho subject has only confirine.l me in the opinion thai the Trayor 15ojk dois nnt uuthori.se the practice ; and that, for as inu:h ;i-- its lawfulness must bo admitted to ba at the least doubtful, every parochial clergyman is b.iunJ in conscience, according to the evident nicinin?cf tho direction in the preface to the Prayer Book, ij conform therein to the injunction of hu bishop. I would, therefore, again express my objection to the intoning of such prayers and re sponses by the minister or the cjioir at rojjXatas cr evening prayer, and to the ch^-uljjjg 0J the rc. sponscs to the Commairiojgjiis in tho Communion service, and I wo-^jj r^k any clergyman who may differ troit ran .'is to my judgment herein, to put to themselves tho question whether their oath to oTyoy their bishop ' in all things lawful and honest ' does not oblige them to submit to it. The further progress of controversy, both within and without the church, requires me to allude to some other matters, on which, as ap pears to me, very dangerous practical errors at present prevail. Understand, my brethren, that it is with no assumption of personal superiority, but with a deep sense of official responsibility, that I address you upon them. First among the questions on which.it is necessary for every minister of Christ to be fully persuaded in his own mind, and to be able to convince gainsayers, is the importance of sound dogmatic teaching. * * In respect, to tho essentials of Chris tianity, and to those doctrines which imme diately affect the present holiness and peace, the future salvation of individuals, a minister of Christ cannot, without unfaithfulness to his trust, allow his love of peace to restrain him from tho plain declaration of tho truth of the gospel, and the fearless condemnation of any error by which it has been or is in danger of being corrupted. If it bs asked, as it may be, how -are those matters of doctrine, which are thus essential, to be distinguished from those which are of subordinate importance ? I answer, in every particular case on which wo are called upon to form a practical decision, we must each for him self, by the study of the scriptures and history of the church by reflection, and by such help as we may be able to derive from the writings and conversation of wise and holy men, above all by prayer for tho enlightening influence of the Holy Spirit, endeavor to arrive at a right judgment ; and then we must act upon our judgment. If we concsientiously, and with due pains, use these means for informing our minds, and regulating our conduct in each sepa rate instance, we shall seldom, if over, greatly err. He who giveth wisdom to them to ask it from Him will guide us aright. There needs, however, that, on every ques tion -with which we are practically concerned, we should thus carefully and conscientiously form our judgment, and act accordingly. At this time, while some, holding high positions in the Church of England, zealously labor to propagate doctrines which I hold to be con trary to the word of God and perilous io the souls of men, others, admiring their earnestness, are disposed to think lightly of their erroneous doctrine, and to depreciate all controversy re specting it. They- would seek peace at the expense of truth. I dread the conse-iucnce of this spurious liberality, this mistaken charity. It has no warrant in the Bible. It is wholly unlike tho charity - of tho apostles, and of all the eminent saints of God in later ages of the Church. Our church has often been reproached with the existence of so much false doctrine in its minis try, but those who reproach us herewith should remember that false doctrine abounded also in the church of the apostolic age ; and that, while in their epistles the apostles earnestly contended against it, they did not, usually at least, cast out those who hold -or taught it If it ever should prevail among the clergy have as it now pre vails among the clergy in England which God for- bid)we might still comfort ourselves by the saying of St. Paul — ' There must be also heresies among you, that they which are approved may be made manifest among you.' * » * Concerning points of ritual, I may repeat the sub stance of what I said in 1866 — that tho dmjrof a bishop is not xnnecessarily -* interfere witi any established usage, or to insist upon an exaci uni formity in immaterial particulars ; whole it is necessary for him to intersfV-re, to declare what is, accbrding te his judgoitnt, the law «f the church, ani to enjoin 'obodionco to it ; to prevent, so far as he 5fl able, any sRoratious in the acerstomed maSi; of conducting Divine service, ? wiich is neither expressly sanctioned by the rebric, nor cbHously exjptiisat ; and lastly, not to notice ua. 4'ie way of rcpsaof unim portant imegularitics. '.To these vicwb I still ad- j nere ; anfl, acuordingijg.'with reference tto various deviiidonf-from strict ' rubrical ocilw, which I shall not(Varticulariflii,ii will only tay, I shall be1 glad if they cap b^. corrected. There 'are, how over, two .practices wJicr.h I havo Romcfenes fouofl adopted, and wliiah its being nrovcl and uuau-j thoriscd,,:£nd also ic rft.emselves -objcrtionablc, m wouia request anj- wr. my breturan who have' adojjtedstSem to discontinue. OmciiBitho reading of tfca offertory seuteucea and fcho giving of the) blessin;*; from vn&thci; the eeimviimion rails' after the sermon at evening jiKij-er. Those: sent oncet being a g)effii of tho cumnunion office, t oujkt.not to bo i&nlsf.ceptin; tiioir place intliati office, jind whea.aoFermon follows mornin^tdrj eyeairg prayer, vdttout the anti-cqmmuoio2i| office,, the preacher .is not.wanranied in leniinf; the place when he Juu delivered .at, but out'lrt to cwiolme the eairace there. -Another orre gulirity which I Juia-o heard off being com mitted, aid which, ;dliho-ugh, perhaps, in tcrac particular circumstances .. excUKttbls, might, ;ff| unhotieeil, occasion -.offence/ is, the introdiKitionl into' the service uf special jiu-cyei-3. Such! prayers, jS thero be cause for iham, should be used either beforo cr after saoaon, in the! pulpit. As bishop, I have assumed tho audio- j rity of dratring up aiid allowing' (not prescribing) J the use of iirms of pra3tar on partics3ar occasions;! but I am not sure that I am right herein. Cer-| tainly no ptrochial clergyman is justified in so J doing at hi* own discretlras. In thess elves these I things are trifles, but in the present state of our J ehurch such triiles possess an adventitious im- I portance; and it behoves yon, my brethren, if you I value ecclesiastical order and union, to abstain j from all manner of unauthorised innovations. I l , must now conclude. 1 dare not, with the apostle Paul in his farewell address to the I elders of the church at Ephesus, 'take you to record this day tliat I am pure from the blood of I all.', I would rather pray ''.God, and I would pray you, to forgive me whereinsoever I have I offended against any. !But I can trulv affirm that,_ like him, ' I exercise myself to havo a conscience void of offence toward God and to ward men,' and I knew, as you also know, that ' if any man Bin, -we havo an advocate with tho Father, Jesusi Christ, the righteous, and Ho is the propitiation for our sins.' May we ail enjoy the full consolation of this assurance. * _ * ' * To Him, and ' to the word of His grace,' I commend you all ; beseeching you to ' take heed unto yourselves, and to all the llook over which tho Holy Ghost hath made you oversecre, to feed the church of God, which He hath purchased with His own blood.,' The Lord be with you all, evermore. Amen. 