MELBOURNE, Friday. BY SUBMARINE CABLE. 1 (Per Grevile's Telegraphic Company', Reuter's Agents.) Messrs I levy and Son, wholesale gro- cers, have called a meeting of their credi- tors. A large milling and squatting firm is re- presented as about to Jo the same, aud two and two other houses are spoken of as beinpr similarly circumstanced. Narrowing of banking is the alleged cause of these diffi- culties. A fire broke out at Emerald Hill, in which a child of Private IngBini, of the IStli Kc ifinient was burned to dc.it li. Arrived.— Tamar, s.s. from Kannees'.on. Mixhoirni;, Saturday. GREAT INTERNATIONAL FOOT RACE FOR tiiiilti. Harris won the first, aud second events and the third was a dead he;it. The iir.st mati'li was for IjU yarls; tin1, second for 2JH yards ; aJid the third for .10(1 yeards. Tweiiiy Ihousind people were present. The excitement at the victory i,.r the eolu nial youth wa- immense. The Governor presented Lieutenant Gor don with a silver cup for making tlie highest score in the. inter-Colonial cricket match. llr.i.r.oiitxi:, llonuay, 7lb Mareh. T!ie sports ;Mi'l fiMupuliliuu fjr Ilie Cham pionship and il.'UO were continued to-day on the Criclcot Ground. Hewitt, the English champion runner, won the hundred yards' race easily, lie also won the quarter mile nice. The competitors have thus won two races each. The dead heat will likely bis run off on Saturday. The Jlcro.with the troops on boani.arrrrcrt yesterday, and the lSth at once marched to the barracks. All mystery is removed as to the milling and squatting firm, represented in Friday's telegram as in difficulties, and the liabilities estimated on Saturday at half a million. The name of Mr. Wm. Degraves is now publicly mentioned as the person referred to. His liabilities to relatives in Tasmania are stated at £140,000, secured by mortgage. The liabili- ties to the Banks amount to £120,000, also secured. The debts to the unsecured credi- tors in the colony amount to £60,000, aud creditors in England, also unsecured, £30,000. The assets are expected to be equal to the liabilities, £350,000. Messrs W. Georgeson & Co. have stopped payment, with £7,800 liabilities, to meet which their assets arc cstimitcd at £3,200. Mr Robert Gladstone, nephew of the English premier, died on Saturday at Mr Niel Black's station in the Western District, from injuries received by a fall from his orse. An cightecen pound (18lb) nugget has been found at Inglewood. Arrived yesterduy— Dcrwcnt, s.s., from Launccston. Melbourne, Tuesday March 8. Harris has notified to the stakeholder, not to pay stakes on the 300 yards and the 100 yards matches. Thompson, a druggist's assistant, has com mitted suicide by taking prussic acid. Philip Lamb, well-known at Sydney, has committed suicide by taking strychnine. Levy and Sons' liabilities amount to £67,000. Their statement shows a surplus of assets, but it is doubtful if they would realise that amount. The Treasurer is making his financial statement, and hints at no fresh taxation. He proposes to vote large 6ums for public works and for charitable institution. The finances are in a satisfactory condition. Melbourne, Wednesday, The Assembly have passed a Supply Bill for half a million. The Dane is greatly favored for the Cup on Friday. Charon fell to-day, after a gal lop, and is supposed to be dying-. The capture of Power, the bushranger, is reported. Harris has again challenged Hewitt. Markets arc very dull. Flour is quoted at £11, but this is nominal, there being no transactions. Sugars are easier. Mr Degraves has completed arrangements with his creditors. He resumes business as before. Sailed— Dawn, Seabird. Melbourne, Thursday. A Supply Bill has just passed the Parlia ment for the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, and has been assented to by the Governor in the name of Her Majesty. The debate on the budget has been re sumed in the Assembly. ment, has been committed for trial on a charge of criminally assaulting a girl named Rosa Parsons. Sydney, Monday. The schooners Flying Fish and Isle of Thanet have been wrecked. Sydney, Weduesday. The City of Hobart is detained by a heavy gale. It is expected she will sail this even ing. Intercolonial Cricket Match. — The match between Victorian aad Launceston players is to be played on the Lauuceston cricket ground on Tuesday and Wednesday, 15th and 16th instant, under the immediate patronage of His Excellency the Governor. Wickets are to be pitched at 10 a.m., and every arrangement has becu mode to render the game a success. The arrangements in connection with this match arc ail complete, and there is every prospect of a really first class contest. A great number of tickets have been sold, and consequently we may expect to see a large number of spectators on the ground. The names of the teams are as follow :— Victoria : Butler, W. Campbell, Cosstick, Eggleston, Gaggin, Goldsmith, James, Riggall, Williams, D. Wilkie, and T. Wills ; umpire, Mr J. Corabc. Tasmania — W. H. Walker, W. Glynn, R. Still, Rev. C. Arthur, J. Arthur, G. Arthur, C. Field, II. Barrett, W. Douglas, J. Hamilton, T. Daly, R. West, J. Martin, T. Hogg, W. Collins, and F. Haymes j emergency men, T. Barrett and C. Dumergue. Umpire, Mr Levy. Scorer, Mr Cowell. The Victorian team will arrive here on Saturday. The banks and public offices will be closed from twelve o'clock each day, and it is to be hoped that the merchants and tradesmen will follow their example. Allg members of the Tasmanian team arc requested to meet for practice on the Club ground on Saturday afternoon. The Citt of Hobart Steamer. — The Mercury says — The Manager of the Tasma nian Steam Navigation Company has kindly forwarded us a copy of a telegram received from the Sydney agents, from which we learn that the City of Hobart, which left Sydney on Tuesday morning, was, in conse quence of a strong easterly gale, anchored in Watson's Bay on Wednesday afternoon at four o'clock. Our correspondent tells us in our cable message that the 'City' was expected to sail on Wednesday night. Recorder's Court. — The Recorder has fixed a sitting of his court for Tuesday, the 29th March, but as the Court House will not be completed by that time, this sitting is only pro forma in compliance with the terms of the Act, which provides that four sittings of the Recorder's Court shall be held au nually. A sitting of the Recorder's Court will be held prior to the sitting of the Su preme Court, commencing on the 31st of May, A Trip on wie Line.— On Monday last His Excellency the Governor, with the mem bers of the Ministry, on the invitation of the directors of the Launceston and Western Railway, took a trip on the line as far as Longford, in the carriages recently imported from England. His Excellency accompanied by his Private Secretary arrived at the station ground shortly after noon, and was received by the Chairman of the board of directors (W. S. Button Esq.,) and His Wor ship the Mayor (Alex. Webster, Esq.) Having greeted most of the gentlemen in vited to the trip, the Governor took his scat in the first carriage, his example being im mediately followed by the members of the Ministry, Directors of the Company, and friends. Amongst the company we observed His Honor Sir Francis Smith, Chief Jus tice, Hon. J. M.Wilson, Esq., Chief Secretary, the Hon. T. D. Chapman Esq., Colonial Treasurer, the Hon. Dr. Butler, Director of Public Works, the Hon. W. R. Giblin Esq., Attorney-General ; His Worship the Mayor ; W. S. Button Esq., H. Dowling Esq., S. V. Kemp Esq., J. Major, and J. A. Wil lett Esqre., (engineers); B. Ovcrend and J. Robb, Esqrs., (contractors) ; John Forster, Esq., Inspector of Police ; Lieut. Terry, Private Secretary to the Go vernor of Queensland j T. B. Bartley/W. D. Grubb, W. Tyson, James Robertson, Esqs., &c;, &c.; The train, which consisted of two composite carriages with a luggage van, drawn by one of the newly-imported engines belonging to the company, under the per sonal charge of Mr. Jctter, the traffic ma nager, started from the station ground about twenty minutes past 12, and pu .ceded at a moderate pace, say sixteen miles per hour, from town towards the ' deep cutting,' where a halt was made for a minute or two, to allow the distinguished party an opportunity to observe the immense work which had been executed in this locality. From this point the speed was materially increased, and the bridge at Longford reached at about half-past one. The party having alighted, His Excellency made a brief inspection of the beautiful structure now being erected across the Esk, and at once took his departure for Entally, en route for the North West Coast. Before leaving, however, His Excellency took the opportunity of expressing to the Chairman of Directors the pleasure and gratification the trip hod afforded, at the same time wishing the railway every success. After the de parture of the Governor the remainder of the party, under the guidance of the officials, spent some time in examining the various peculiarities of the bridge, and then partook of luncheon, which hod, in the meantime, been prepared on a grass plot near the Via duct, under the direction of Mr. Simmons of the ' Brisbane.' Shortly after four o'clock the company resumed their scats in the car riages, and a rapid return to town was effected, the only stoppage being at the big cutting, where about half an hour was spent inspecting the work which had been rather hurriedly passed over on the down trip, in consequence of His Excellency being much pressed for time. The train arrived at Launceston a little before five o'clock, the party evidently delighted with the enjoy ments of the trip. Amateur Concert. — An amateur concert will be given in the Mechanics' Institute, on Tuesday evening next, on behalf of the St. Leonards Institute. The programme has not been completed yet, but having ascer tained the names of the ladies and gentlc meu who nre to take the leading parts in the concert, we can assure the musical public of Launceston and its vicinity, tliat this con cert will afford a treat sufficiently rich to in duce all, who can, to be present. Tlic object the committee have in view, the benefit of the building fund of the St. Leonards Institute is another reason why the attend ance should be unusually large. If we hod permission to mention the names of the ladies and gentlemen who are to take part in the concert a crowded attendance would be at once ensured. Testing Wash-dirt from the Piper. — On Monday afternoon a large number of gentlemen assembled in the yard of the Laur ceston Hotel, where three bogs of wash dirt, brought in on Saturday by Messrs. Turner and Webb, from the claim of Messrs. Bran ley and Keenan, New Zealand Gully, Back Creek, were subjected to the test of washing. The bags on being weighed were found to contain 1 50 pounds of wash dirt, but on being emptied into the tubs a quantity of slate hod to be thrown out, which reduced the stuff considerably. Two experienced miners' puddled and panned off the wash dirt, which yielded exactly 2 dwts. 6 grs. of coarse nug gcty gold. This stuff was taken from the bottom, at a depth of three feet from the surface, and the result is a startling proof of the richness of the Piper's River gold field. £1 '0 in notes Lost— Mr C. F. .Tones offers £20 reward for the recovery of a parcel of Melbourne bank notes amounting in value to £170, which, with a leather pocket-book con taining them and other papers, were lost yesterday betwean Lyttlcton-street and Charles- street. The numbers of the notes being known, payment has been stopped at the banks. Pnizn Essay on Scab in Sheep. — We have received a copy of the prize essay on this subject, by Edward M. Curr, Esq., Chief Inspector of Sheep in Victoria, reprinted by order of the Government of Tasmania. It contains valuable information on a question of paramount importance at the present moment, when the Tasmanian Scab in Sheep Act is about to be put in operation. The price is only sixpence. The La Feuillade Company at the Theatre Royal.— La Feuilladc's Royal Opera Comiquc Company and Weston's Minstrels, met with such a reception on Mon day evening as has never been accorded here to any other company than those of Stark, G. V. Brooke, Sir Wm. and Lady Don, and Jefferson. St. John-street, near the theatre, was densely crowded long before the doors were opened, and in n brief space of time after every scat from pit to ceiling — in dress circle and upper boxes — was secured. A considerable number of persons, seeing the crowded state of the theatre declined ventur ing in, and reluctantly deferred their visit to some other evening. The entertainment was a success — from the rise to the fall of flic curtain. The singing was passable — the choruses melodious and effective — and the conundrums and discharges of wit, new and pungent in quality, and profuse in quantity. ' Sherman's march through Georgia,' with original chorus and accompaniments by La Feuillade, was rendered for the first time in our recollection, in an unobjectionable style. As it has been voluntarily rendered here by the native youth at oil hours, in season and out of season, ' Marching through Georgia' has been a terrible com position. 'She whispers of home,' the poetry (published on the programme) by H. Wilton and the music by La Feuillade, was exquisitely sung by Holmes. 'Norah O'Ncil,' by Master James Allen was encored, but not repeated, and the first part termi nated with 'Nursery Rhymes' of the ' Little Jack Homer' type, but rend ered magnificently, with the celebrated chorus from Faust. The second part opened with an overture termed ' The Flying Squadron Galop,' composed by La Feuillade, and performed by him and the orchestra. ' The Golden Shoe Dance' was a double-clog hornpipe by Buckley and War ren, of a character which places Jim Brown's jigs far in the rear. They converted the galop into an instrumental duet, aud created quite a. furore. La Feuillode's solo on the violin was commenced in the style of Miska Hauscr, and terminated with so excellent and pro longed an imitation of the bagpipes as to 'bring down the house.' In complying with the encore, La Feuillade added fuel to the fire by playing Hey, Johnny Cope, are ye wakin' yet? Or, are ycre druniB a beatin' yet?' on the violin, but with so wonderful an imi tation of the Scotch bagpipes as to raise the enthusiasm of the audience to the highest pitch. Buckley's Nicodcmus Johnson ditty and whimsical dance, on being rapturously encored, was succeeded by a jig which beat the ' Silver Belt Jig' into fits. The Ghost in the Pawnshop is a brood piece of burlesque, the first part of winch was the reading by 'Toby Green' (Buckley), clerk in the pawnbroker's employ, of the ihven-tory, or the list of property pledged and not likely to he redeemed. Amongst this were twenty five shares in the Great Tasmauian Reef Company — lfid ; some bottles of aerated water from Waterloo j a paper collar ; a mail coach with three wheels, recently re turned from Waterhouse, &c;, &c.; The en tertainment was brought to a close with the extravaganza of the Band of the 14th Regi ment, introducing as a finale, a popular ' Plantation walk round,' by the members of the compaii}', with a variety of excellent but comical dancing. On Tuesday evening the Theatre was well attended, and the pro gramme was repeated with entire success. Australian Mutual Provident Society. — The travelling agent of this society gave a most interesting and instructive lecture at Evandale on Thursday evening, 3rd inst. The Municipal Chamber hod been placed at the disposal of the lecturer and it was well filled. In the absence of the Rev. R. Russell, the Rev. A. N. Mason presided. Mr B. Short kept the attention of his audience for two hours, demonstrating by anecdotes, facts, and figures, the uncertainty of life, and the duty incumbent upon all to make provision for their families, old age, or children. As was to be expected the lecturer recommended the Society with which he is connected, and certainly the ' Mutual' principle, that is the principle of dividing the profits amongst the members, who are really shareholders and not mere [subscribers, must commend it self to all. At the close a vote of thanks was awarded to the lecturer, on the motion of It W. Blomfield Esq., seconded by Mr W. H. Kidd. A vote of thanks was also given to the chairman, by acclamation. We understand that sixteen proposals were filled up after the lecture, and others since making a total of twenty-five, representing an aggregate of £10,000. Certainly Mr Short is the right man in the right place. Town Treasurer. — Only four applica tions were received by the Municipal Council on Tuesday, for the situation of Town Trea surer, in the room of the late Mr G. H. Gladman. These were from Mr John Sin clair, Mr Bruce R. Harvey, Mr Joe Firth, of the firm of Firth and Cramp, and Mr Thomas Gladman, son of the late Town TrcasurcrJ The Mayor and all the Aldermen wcrepresent, and Mr Thomas Gladman was unanimously elected, by ballot, with the exception of the vote of Dr. Ranson, who declined to vote unless the salary was reduced to £200 a year. Hobleii's Bridge Toll-gate. — The rental of the Patterson's Plains toll-gate for one year from 1st of May next, will be offered for sale by auction, by Messrs. Bell and Wcstbrook, at their auction mart, at noon on Saturday, the 2nd of April, Theatre Royal.— The La Fcaillade sable harmonists make their first appearance in Tasmania, at the Theatre Royal, this evening, in their grand « Carnival D'Ethiop.' The La Feuillade company out-Christy the Christy's in their pathos, comicalities, bur lesque acting and terpsichorean perform ances. The golden shoe dance beata the silver belt jig hollow. Their repertoire is so extensive as to SI) pamphlets, if not volumes, and these may be obtained from the libra rian, Mr Watson. Their special dramatist and exquisite burlesque writer has said of tliis species of entertainment — ' There is no denying the fact that negro miustcrlsy is a great institution. This was foretold many years ago when it was in its infancy, and it was said ' the better order of people' would set their faces against it. There were two things, however, in connection with the new amusement — or the 'innovation,' as hun dreds designated it — which strengthened hope in its bcbalf — viz., the immediate favor vouchsafed by the tip-toppers of so ciety, and the admiration it elicited from the working millions. In England and on the European continent negro minstrelsy was welcomed from the first, and since then has grown to be quite as popular as in the United States. The minstrelsy of these bards of the nineteenth century is deeply pathetic as well as astoundingly comic, while the airs, coining under the former category, arc essence of melody — pure, simple, and appealing to the heart, the others arc wild and rollicking, suggestive of the most ex travagant fun. It has been to these two extremes of the sable art that brilliant audi ences, all over the world, have given their sympathies. The smile, the laugh, the hearty applause, hare been the award ren dered to the gay singing and playing of really talented minstrels. The entertain ments of La Feuilladc's company instruct, and strike alike upon the chords which connect the fountains of emotion — smiles and tears.' Patterson's Plains Road Tncsi. — The annual meeting of landholders for the elec tion of two trustees, in the room of Messrs James Scott and W. H. Westbrook, who re tire, and for election of two auditors, will be held on Wednesday, the Gth of April next, t noon, at the school-house St. Leonards. Launch at the Don. — Our Torquay cor respondent sends us a tang account of the launch of Mr E. Cuuunings's new vessel, the ' Charles and Arthur,' at the Don, which we should gladly have published, but that it happens to be 'a day behind the fair.' We published an account last week. The Launceston Boating Club. — At a meeting held on Friday evening at the Laun ccston Hotel the rules were brought forward, revised, and prepared for adoption. The site selected for a club room was spoken of as being on the opposite side of the river from town.about a hundred yards below the bridge. The secretary was instructed to apply to the Marine Board for ^permission to erect the club house on that site. Tenders will be called for its erection immediately the plans are prepared. After disposing of the general business the committee took Mr Lynch's challenge into consideration, and as be had been written toon the subject and had not replied, the committee decided not to take any further notice of the challenge by Lynch unless they received a communi cation from a club or a committee of gentle men on the Southern side. Vice-Regal Railway Trip.— It has been arranged that His Excellency the Go vernor, accompanied by the members of the Ministry present at the meeting of the Executive Council, with the railway directors, railway commissioners, the solici tor, and the secretary of the railway com pany, will proceed to-day, on a trip along the line, probably as far as Westlmry. This trip will constitute a semi-official inspection of the line, by the Governor and members of the Ministry— a sortof moving committee, taking occular evidence of the actual state of the works, which will be preferable to any number of reports. It will furnish the ministry with the means of corroborating or refuting, as the case may be, any state ments that may be made in parliament with reference to the railway works. No Bill Filed. — hi the case against Na thaniel . Bryant, committed for trial last month on the charge of stealing wheat in the sheaf from a field on the Elphin Road, on the 20th January last, the Attorney-General declined to file a bill on the evidence trans mitted to him, and Bryant was discharged on Tuesday last. Stolen Jewellery.— The public should make careful enquiry before purchasing arti cles of jewellery from chance vendors, as a considerable quantity has been stolen lately. Some time ago two. wedding rings, a gold chain, a keeper, a hair bracelet, -vith a large ruby colored stone, a place at the back for hair, and a gold link chain, with a small key, with colored stoneVattached.were stolen from the premises of Mr. R, M'Dowall. Yesterday morning, between eight and a half-past nine o'clock, the premises of Mrs. Hawkins, Pat terson-street, opposite the Post Office, were entered by forcing open a window, it is sup posed by a man known as ' Damper,' and the following property was stolen : — Five plain gold rings, one of them repaired, a keeper ring, a gold chain, attached to which was a gold locket containing hair, and a small gold fish, a gold brooch, in which was set a light colored stone, the latter cracked in. the centre, a half-sovereign, 5s 6d in silver, a wlute counterpane, a light patchwork quilt, a pair of blankets, and a single blanket. The thieves are likely to offer the rings, brooches, chains, &c;, for sale, and probably the qoilts aud felasfcete also. His Excellency the GovEHn0r „? I Excellency lias postponed his visit to (|le kwS | tf Coast, and is to hold a meeting of the V ' B ( tive Council at the Public BuildinK9 ?,?' I uo o'clock this morning. We undersea Z ? pla the other members of the Council ,,re,on B U» will be the Hon. T. D. Chapman, Ksq c-2 ? «* nial Treasurer ; the Hon. W. R. Giblin Ks ' ? clu1 Attorney-General ; and the Hon. It. y/ j ' ? ti,c !er, Esq., Minister of Lauds and Work' I of I One of the matters for consideration l,y th ' H ,,-ai Executive Council is the sentence of deatt H 55 i passed upon Joseph Fisher Perkins at ib' B got sitting of the Supreme Court at Hobart Tom I on on Weduesday last, for the murder of hi, B con wife, and the recommendation o£ the jury I out for mercy to the prisoner. ^B q The Advkstuiies of Kelly, the Rm B nl0- — One of the most dangerous characters in ^B ^ the colony, rejoicing in the cognomen of I °' '? Kelly, the Rake,' was apprehended on B '? Friday evening by the Superintendent of B 1 ' Police, shortly after he liad entered a bed. B room on the premises of Mr James Pm™. B F°' '*) BBBj i}-)' and stolen a jewel case containing goy ? rings, bracelets, and other valuables belon-. B '? ing to Mr Peters. Kelly had made numerous B '' ' attempts during Friday to plunder residents Ba '^ on the Windmill Hill. He had been detected BB * by Mrs Boxall when stripping her clothes- ^B ii-8 line, but she only ordered him to R0 awav ?? lid Subsequently he entered the verandah of ljr kg Tb Bennett, and was sneaking into a bedroom ^B Ma when Mrs Bennett came out, and on hearin' ^| we his pitiable tale, that he had recently comj ^B lie out of hospital and was starving, she gave ^B Lii him some bread and meat. The latter he ^B die ate, but the bread he threw away in the B l)ra shrubbery. He then wandered round to ^B °P( the rear of the premises, and tried to open a BB '--v door leading to the back parlour, but did not B tllf succeed in opening it. He was again ejected ^H Gc from the premises about 5 o'clock ; and after ^B S1)C tliat a young girl in the employ of Jfr Hat- ^M '''' ton noticed a dirty-looking vagabond bearing ^fl tor the appearance of Kelly, on the premises of ^B of Mr Peters. She saw him go into the vcran- ^B '' dah, and thought he had been allowed into B dU- the house, he stopped so long. It nppears he ^B mi: entered the bed-room of )Mrs Peters, which B g°' opens on the verandah, and must have ^H ''°' been there when Mrs Peters, accompanied ^fl m by another lady, came in from a walk, ^B and changed her dress. In about half an HJ mC. hour Kelly was seen making his exit from BB f the verandah, looking carefully round, and ^B *10 bearing a box wrapped in a dark handker- ^M *™ chief under his arm. The girl [gave the ^fl alarm, and Mr Peters proceeded to BB BH Td town to report the circumstance to the flfl t police. Mr Coulter heard of the robbery B_| ™ accidentally, and a description of the thief, BB and he apprehended Kelly near the Caledo- &VJ; :l nian Wine Vaults, in York-street. Mr VM Peters proceeded to the police station, and ^B ^ Sergeant Green was sent in search of the Bb thief, and hearing that Kelly ' the rake' fi.nJ ^B ^ been apprehended, he pounced upon Keating ^B *, alias Williams, the receiver. Keating is 11 Bj man who cut wood and did other work for Vff m Mr Necdham, who allowed him to occupy an IK ^ outhouse at his premises, but it appears Mrs ^B Dixon, Mr Keedliam's mother-in-law had VM isl not much confidence in Keating, and seeing ^8 '' him pass in with a [package covered up and ^B rc go out again immchately, she had the Vfl uo curiosity to look what it was. Finding the ^H package to be a jewel case bearing the ^B ' name of A. G. Peters, she delivered the ^B property to Mr Ncedham, who went in Bfl ° search of Mr Peters, found liitn, and they ^B proceeded to the Police Station together. ^H Keating had been informed that, Mr Necdhiim ^fl liad ' the box,' and he said it was all right, ^B 'a for he hod bought it from Kelly for eighteen BB peiicc'and a pot of beer. Kelly denied this in ^B al tola and would swear by the ' Vargin' that ^H he niver sould Keating anything, and iicvcl- BM m saw the box at all at all.' The pair were ^B brought upat the Police Office 011 Saturilay KVJ I1 and remanded for a week. Bfl Trn? Silver Ciiallenge Cup. — The ninth Hi rc rifle competition for the L.V.A. Challenge ^B t\ Cup will commene : on Wednesday, the 23nl, ^B 1- and be completed on Satnrday, the 2Clh inst. ^H n: Entries must be mads with the Secretary, »n ^H f( or before Wednesday, the 16th instant. The BM v previous winners of the cup have made & BB ti very gallant offer, to the effect that, shouM BB a twenty competitors enter on this and tin1 BB 0 next occasion, they will not fire, so thai the HBt d nou-wiuners may have a still better chance. BJ The Hobaet Town Hospital Residlxt BB a Surgeon-. — The Mercury says .-—The subject Bfl li of the nomination of a medical gentleman to BB 1 fulfil the duties of this office formed the sub- BB | jeet for an animated discussion at the meet- BS ing of the Hospital Board on Friday. Some BB j unpleasant personalities were allowed to BB ' make their appearance in some of the BB speakers' remarks, as their partisanship be- BB ' gan to be excited ; but beyond ft few oil? ^B s and counter-cuts, the discussion was con- BB ' ducted in an orderly and decorous manner. Bfl s As will be seen from our report of the pro- Bfl ( ceedings, the election resulted in the nominn- IB tionof Dr. Stokell, the gentleman who has Bfl ( for the past two years held the temporary Bfl I appointment. ^B Cosirr.iMENTAnT Dinner.— The Mercury flB says:— A public meeting is to be held at the BB Royal Hotel, Sorell, at four o'clock in the Bfl afternoon of Saturday next, the IStli ind-. ^fl for the .purpose of initiating measures for ^B entertaining at dinner the member for Sorell, ^B William Hodgson,' Esq. We have little BH doubt the affair will be a successful one, H for it will be seen that the meeting has ?? been convened at the request of many of Hie ^B electors. EVJ r irKET-LADNCESTON ClUD V. WHITE The two elevens of these dubs TaS'a ^tch 'on Saturday last on the flZsm ground, aud as was anticipated a ted in «u- easy victory for the senior T I* tlicir bowling being nimh too good for Jurymen. The only man on the par. ,hc Whitcmooreclub who nmd' any score \- their captain, John Arthur, who ran up « in bis very best style, ard ogainst very nod bowling. Some good scores were made the part of the L. C. club, the principal i,» being J.F. Archer with 49 (not n Win Collins 34, T. Atkinson 25, and r Dumcrgoe 20. The bowling of the White ,«,« men.with the exception of that of Join, ' hlir was very loose. Glynn and Haymes, t the 'part of the L. C. club, bawled re rkauly well, fcu' *lie facing was not near mliat it should be. It is much to he regretted L't a club like the L. C. club cannot get a uoodleam at fielding, but until they practice L branch of the game more it will always 'the case. The Launceston men in one icings scorcd;i80 against the Whitcmoore me,i's 122 in their two innings. Ifew Hebrides Missws.— A public meet . iu connection with the above mission wns held on Tuesday, in St. Andrew's Church. the chair was occupioi by A. Webster, Esq., Uavor of Launceston; and on the platform ,vcie the Rev. Dr. Gcddie, Kev. Mr. Goodwill, Dcv J. Gardiner, Rev. C. Price, Rev. J. Lindsay, and Rev. J. M'Culloch. The au dience unfortunately was very limited. After raver DV the Rev. J. Lindsay, the Chairman opened the business of the evening with a few appropriate remarks on the object before them, aud then introduced the Rev. Dr. Gcddic. The venerable missionary, who has spent about a quarter of a century in the mission work, gave a very clear and in teresting account of the New Hebrides giup of islands, and of tho Island of Anictcum in particular— of the scenery, climate, pro duction, inhabitants, and the history of the mission work, with the difficulties and dan gers met with from the beginning. The population of the group was about 150,000, niost of the inhabitants being still in a state of heathenism. The islands are mostly mountainous, the valleys between the moun tains producing most profusely every descrip tion of tropical vcgitable a d fruit. Thers arc two volcanoes on the group which can he seen smoking and blazing day and night for forty or fifty miles in clear weather. The degraded condition of the natives when (irstvisitedbythemissionarieswasgraphically dsscribed by the rev. speaker, who also rc hted many of the difficulties that had to be overcome, and the mistakes made by the preachers— some serious, some ludicrous — be- forethey could speak the native tongue. Ho (Dr. G.) liad read of one missionary who, in addressing his congregation, instead of saying 'Sfj- belored friends,' said 'My beloved animals,' &c.; The success of the work on Anieetum was checriugly alluded to, and a sketch of its progress on the surrounding islands, was given. The mission vessel which tho friends had kindly provided had proved very acceptable and very useful. There were low floating on the bosom of the Pacific Ocean the following Mission vessels : — The John Williams, belonging to the London Missionary Society ; the John Wesley, be longing to the Methodist body ; the morning Star, belonging to the American Missions ; the Southern Cross, belonging to the Church of England ; and the Day Spring, belonging ta tlicir own Missicn. In conclusion, Dr. Geddie appealed to the friends for sympathy «ud help for the good work. The Chairman then introduced the Rev. Mr Goodwill, who nude an eloquent appeal on behalf of the Mission. The Rev. Charles Price had much pleasure in moving a vote of thanks to 'the deputation, and spoke shortly to the resolu tion. The Rev. Mr M'Culloch seconded the resolution, and stated that he had labored for two years in Dr. Gcddie's station, and could hear testimony to the success of that gentle man's labors. The Rev.^T Gardiner made a few remarks in support of the resolution, vrhicli was carried unanimously. A collec tion was then made in aid of the funds, and, atar a vote of thanks to the ^Chairman, the meeting closed with the doxology and bene diction. TnE Bruce Auction.— It is necessary to again remind the public that the Bruce Auc lion,inaidof the building fund for erecting quarters for the Librarian at the Mechanics' Institute, has not yctcomcoff.andthatarticlcs tone catalogue will be received at the Institutea, at the stores of Messrs. Dalgety, ™»rc, and Co., the stores of Mr H. « Nickolls, of Longford, &c;, &c.; We would recommend the Committee to publish an in stalment of the list of donors, describing the 'Nicies presented by each. This would give Sfeat encouragement to those thousand and OMdiffident persons who arc doubtful whether to collection of articles, useless to them, ?tough possibly the very articles others are Piping for, would be acceptable or considered ^ o£.a P'ace in the catalogue. We feel r '' tu's is the proper way to get the steam '?and encourage the doubters to come on m thc Committee cry, « Hold, enough !» rel? H0*AM Towx Pdulic LiiHiAUY.-A rwt «as brought up aud decided upon at * rjtmg of thc City Council on Monday. fct''* L'-^- The fittings to the c, ? nro to be erected under ^^visionoftheCity Surveyor; teu. ?*wXi™ rtheofflccof librarian at a Tun Ministerial Visit. — Ministers were engaged during Wednesday inspecting the schools and Government departments. Thc whole of the public schools were visited, and were found to be generally well-conducted. The children attending each school were sub mitted to a brief examination, which showed satisfactory progress, and Ministers generally expressed their satisfaction at the manner in which the schools were conducted, in each case procuring for the purpose a half-holiday in honor of their visit. In the case of the collegiate school, Elizabeth-street, a general opinion was expressed that it was over crowded, and the desirability of establishing an additional school in Launccston was as sented to. We understand tliat a piece of ground iu Charles-street was purchased for this purpose some years buck, at a cost of £1200, and a vote of the Legislature was ob tained for the erection of u school-house, which afterwards lapsed. The Government is now willing to give thc land and to contri bute two-thirds of the cost of erecting the school-house, viz., £. 1000, pro rided the people of the town are willing to subscribe the other third, or £500. An additional good public school would no doubt he a great advantage, and it remains but for the townspeople to move in the nutter. After inspecting the schools, the Custom-house, bonded ware houses, drill sheds, and other buildings were inspected, and the business of the visit closed. The Premier, Treasurer, and Attor ney-General proceeded to Hobart Town by coach on Thursday ; the Minister of Lands starts to-day on a visit to the North-West Coast, after which he may probably take a trip to the various gold-fields. Tins Flemington Autumn Race Meeting. — The Argusof Tuesdaygivcs us the following account of equine racing matters, which have been rather pushed in the shade by the Champion Pedestrian matches : — 'Very little business was done on Monday on the Autumn Race Meeting, the excitement respecting the pedestrian match between Harris and Hewitt entirely putting a stop to all other betting. Some doubts have been expressed as to whether Mr Tait's filly Florence is out of the Ascot Vale Stakes through not paying up on Wednesday last, but as there is no notification of forfeiture in the advertise ment it is generally understood that thc money can be paid up on the day of the race. A letter has been received from Mr Tnit, conveying the information that both the fijly and the Dane are to be shipped by the s. s. Dandcnong, to arrive early next week. The training-ground at Flemington is getting pretty busy now of a morning, most of the country horses taking up their quarters handy for the next week's racing. The two jumping horses, Dutchman and Victor, are located at thc Racecourse Hotel, and are looking extremely well. Hondo still goes rather stiffly from the rap he got at Gcelong. Old Strop is in splendid condition, and will be extremely unlucky if he docs not carry off at least one prize to Launccstou during the present meeting. Toryboy is looking as game as ever ; his leg appears to have with stood his preparation very well, and should he get a light weight on, one of the minor races may fall to his share. His stable com panion, Monkey, is none thc better for his jaunt to Geelong. Yesterday morning there was a fair number of horses on the ground, but nothing particularly fast was done. The Roe went once round in very good style. Lang's youngsters, True Blue and Young Australia, also went about a mile, but they did not seem in such form as Mr Fisher's filly. Glencoe was indulged with a gallop, and stuck-up as usual. Norma did a steady gallop on thc tan. There was also a number of the jumping horses on thc tan. Theatre Rotal. — La Feuilln.de Opera Comique, Weston's Minstrels, have been re markably successful at the Theatre Royal this week, though thc house was densely crowded only on the opening night, Monday. Thc programme was changed for Wednesday evening, and 'Ten Little Niggers,' 'Mick Avick,' the grotesque ' Dwarf Dance,' the ' Big'Sunflower,' 'Thc Happy Ole Man,' and the ' Dramatic Agency' extravaganza, formed the new attractions. La Feuillade's violin solo, with his exquisite imitation of the Scotch bagpipes, is the very best portion of thc entertainment. Feet from thc land of bagpipes cannot keep at rest when La Fcuilladc starts off on that spirit-stirring tune 'The Campbell's are comin',' changing to ' Tom and Jerry' and a variety of Scotch airs, which seem to have been composed for Scotch bagpipes, to furnish lilts for Scotch jigs, reels, and strathspeys, to be danced by Scottish or any other feet possessed of suffi cient vigor and elasticity for the purpose. Thc programme of Wednesday was repeated on Thursday evening to a tolerably large au dience, and a grand mid- day performance is announced for Saturday afternoon at three o'clock. Next week the American mode of gift distribution is to be adopted by Mr La Feuillade, who purposes giving away one £5 note and five £1 notes. The plan of dis tribution will be on thc original Art Union principle : Every person attending the theatre during the nights of Saturday, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, will be presented with a number corresponding to the numbers placed in a distribution box; each person to the dress circle will receive three numbers, to the upper circle two numbers, and to the pit one number ; the drawing to take place on the occasion of Mr La Feuillade's benefit on Wednesday evening. A new programme to-night. . Tea Meeting at Perto —A tea meeting, in connection with thc PerthBnptist Chapel, will be held in the school-room at Pcrtlli on Wednesday evening nest. Launcestox Races for 1871.— We are glad to find that Adye Douglas, Ksq., has taken the initiative in making arrangements for a really good race meeting in 1871. At the instance of very many influential gentlemen in town and country, Mr Douglas invites the attendance of all interested in raising the standard of the Launceston annual race meetings in general, aud the next one in particular at a meeting, to he held at the Brisbane Hotel on Monday, the 28th instant, at 3 o'clock. The Chaiiiti- of Rklnjiol's Jol'Rval ism.— Religious journalism received a sharp rebuke at the hands of the Pall Mall Ga zette at Christmas time :— ' The Church newspapers display at this season of peace and good-will the Christian charity for which they areusuallydistiiig-uished. The Rock denounces the Bishop of London for his objections to religious journalism, terms the Ritualists Dr. Manning's ? jackals,' and the disestab lishment of the Irish Church an ' iniquitous measure.' The Church Herald, in allusion Dr. Temple's consecration last Tuesday, declares that ' the shadow of the dark deed falls upon the crib of Bethlehem,' that ' the craven consecrators have rendered them selves contemptible in the eyes both of pa pists and infidels,' ami that 'these wretched betrayers of the faith have their brief day and pass away to their appointed places' — a periphrastic way no doubt of expressing a very str.in? fact indesl The s:ime journal attributes the credulity of the Welsh, as ex hibited in the case of the fasting girl to the influence of Dissent. The Church News which observes by the way, that the world liness and wickedness in the country are due to Protestantism, is comparatively free from evil speaking. So also is the Church Times, wliich satisfies itself by a repudiation of the bishops, a sneer not undeserved at tho ' undisciplined hot- headedncss' of Archdea con Denison, and a remark, the truth of which is not to be disputed, that as Church men whose lot is cast in the nineteenth cen tury, it is not their good fortune to enjoy ' peace on earth.' Finally the John Bull is eager to inform us that the opposition to Dr. Temple will not cease w ith his consecration, that his right to hold a seat in Convocation will be questioned, that many bishops will decline to unite with him in committees, and that no lapse of time can make him a right ful bishop. Evidently the good- will towards men proclained in our churches at Christ mas, is not intended to include ecclesias tical opponents. Walch's Literary Intelligencer. — The March number of this ever welcome Tasmanian periodical contains a capital re view of the ' Holy Grail' and other interest ing poems, by Tennyson, with two or three pages of Literary Table Talk, chiefly i-v. tractedfroin the columns of the Literary World. Notices of thc Christmas annuals.of domestic machinery, and new gatnes,arc also given, with lists of Tasmanian, Australian, and European publications. Boosey's new catalogue of music is enclosed with thc In telligencer, which will render the number very acceptable to Jady readers. Dancing, Calisthbsic Exercises, &c; — Mr. Lowe's classes closed for the season on Thursday. They assembled in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute at 3 p.m., and a large party of ladies, with a few gentlemen, were admitted (by invitation) to the closing ceremonies. The young lady pupils were very numerous, but there were very few young gentlemen present. Mr Lowe said he had been much disappointed at receiving so few boy pupils ; but the parents seemed to think that terpsichorean accomplishments were only requisite for ladies, which, in his opinion, was a great mistake. The pupils went through a great variety of dances — quadrilles, polkas, &c.; — very correctly and gracefully. There were no prodigies among*t them, but ease, grace, gentleness, and refinement pervaded all their movements. The calisthenie exercises arc made agreeable to thc pupils by thc musical accompaniments, and the process of Iearivn5 is thus made as cosy as it is agreeable. The whole course of Mr. Lowe's teaching has a healthful tendency, imparting at the same time grace, vigor, and elegance to each movement of the body, with cheerful anima tion and innocent gratification to thc mind Those who neglect to provide this branch of education for their children may consider they have performed their duty by providing them with ' superior education,' every one forming his or her own estimate of what that is ; but in denying children the oppor tunity to fit themselves for the first step to refined society — the ball-room — they are in reality doing them great injustice. Dangerous Emdankmekt. — While Mr Joseph Fisher, senior, who formerly kept the Brown's River Hotel, was driving home yesterday afternoon, he met with a serious accident, resulting iu severe bruises about the head and body. It appears from the statemeut of our informant that thc horse and cart went over the embankment on the Huon road about one hundred yards beyond the Mountain track, thc cart capsizing and falling over Mr Fisher From the time of the accident until Mr Fisher was released, about three hours elapsed during which time lie lay under the cart in a semi-insensible state. He was disco vered by the driver of one of Mr Priest's cars who at once rendered assistance, and after exerting his strength to raise the cart, he succeeded in elevating one side, and sup porting it with a stone so as to admit of his dragging Mr Fisher from his perilous posi tion. Mr Fisher was afterwards conveyed to his home where medical advice was ob tained, but we h»ve not heard how he is pro gressing.— MvcHty. CnnisTiAN Missions to tueIIeatiies — Pub- lic meetings for the furtherance of Christian Missions to the heathen will bo held at White more on Monday next, Rodliam H. Douglas Esq., chairman ; at Westbury on Tuesday, Best Overcnd, Esq., Chairman ; at Dcloraine on Wednesday, John Robb, Esq., Chairman ; at Dunorlan on Thursday, speakers Rev. Messrs. Waterhouse and White ; ut Exton on Friday, G. Pullen, Esq., Chairman. The meetings will commence at 7 p.m. Collec tions will be made for the support of Wes leyan Missions to the heathen. Cami- hell Town Election.— The polling for a representative in the House of Assembly to replace Mr Justice Dobson, took place on Thursday, at Campbell Town, Ross, Cleve land, and Launceston, The candidates were Mr Keach, of Chiswick, and Mr A. M. John son, timber merchant, of Campbell Town, who contested the election against Mr Dob son when he accepted office as Attorney General. It was supposed that the contest in this instance with Mr Kcach would be a sham, and that Mr Johnston was merely nominated in order to ensure the excitement and expenditure consequent upon a con tested election ; but it appears there have been under-currents at work which gave Johnston a pretty equal chance with his aristocratic opponent. The result shows that for so slow-going a locality as thc great Midland district, the contest has been of quite a fierce character. Fifty-six for Mr Johnston, against sixty-one for Mr Keach, is a rather close shave; and Mr Johnston must have had backers of high position to poll DC votes against such an opponent as Mr Keach. Mr C. W. Rocher was the deputy returning officer for Launceston, and he pre sided at the Sheriff's office from nine o'clock until four without being favored by a call from a single voter. The voting at the different polling-places is shown under the head of ' Latest Telegrams' in another column. The Holiday.— Thursday being the an niversary of the marriage of the Prince and Princess of Wales, was declared by the government a holiday. Here it was but a demi-semi-sort of holiday; some places of business were closed, but far more were open ; some persons spent thc holiday plea santly enough, but a very large majority spent it much more pleasantly at work. A large number of people arrived from the country — found the banks, public offices, and some of thc leading places of business closed. The town seemed lialf deserted and all sorts of obstruction and difficulty lay in the way of those who wished to transact business. The anniversary of the marriage of the Prince of Wales will never become a general Wc'Joy, Itt -mj ocnac ol lliu LUHU. T110 pUD lic generally entertain no respect for it. The marriage of Queen Victoria and ' Albert the Good' was never celebrated in this way ; the marriage of the Princess Royal, Victoria, with Prince Frederick William, Crown Prince of Prussia, was never honored by any special celebration, and there is no rea son why people at the antipodes should leave off work and close their shops as if in mourn ing on the 10th of March, when the British public keep on never minding that, any more than they do the 10th of February, the day in 1840 when Her Most Gracious Majesty Vic toria, was married to Prince Albert, of Saxe Coburg Gotha. The tenth of March holi day has been a nuisance to thc public for seven years. Its observance gratifies very few, and causes inconvenience to thousands. It is to be hoped flic Government of Tas mania mil not again join in this act of colonial toadyism — proclaiming a holiday without just cause. The public are prepared to enter into all legitimate well recognised holidays with spirit and unanimity, and they should not be obstructed in carrying on their busi ness by having these half or fractional species of holidays unexpectedly thrown in their way. Steam Excdrsios to George Town and the Heads.— The steam tug Taraar, having been chartered for Thursday to take a party of excursionists under the auspices of the St. Andrew's congregation to George Town, the vessel left the Queen's wharf at a quarter past seven o'clock a.m., with a party consist ing of aboutone hundred and thirty.of all ages. The day was remarkably fine for such a trip, and all on board enjoyed it very much. Thc Tamar reached George Town at eleven o'clock, and after lauding the ladies and children who preferred the shore to a trip outside thc Heads, the vessel passed about two miles out, rounding Low Head, and then returned to George Town. She left on the return trip at half-past three o'clock p.m., and reached the Queen's wharf at seven o'clock. The homeward trip was not so pleasant as the outward one, owing ton sharp southerly breeze which began to be felt un pleasant as far down as Point Rapid. In all other respects thc trip was a very delightful one. Contemplated New Weslevan' Church at St. Leonards. — A public tea meeting is to be held in the large hall at Mount Esk on Monday evening next. After tea a pub lic meeting will be held when addresses will he delivered by the Rev. J. Harcourt, Rev. N. Bennett and other friends. The principal topic will no doubt be the best means for furthering the erection of the proposed new church, for which a portion of the funds was subscribed some years ago but returned to the subscribers. Thc tea meeting is to be at half-past six o'clock. Tickets can be ob from Mr Trethewie, Mr Gibton, and other members of thc committee. 