CONTINENTAL. France. — After endless rumours the resigna tion of the Cabinet was announced on tho 28th. Nearly all tho late elections have been declared valid. Parliamentary parties have fallen into hopeless contusion, owing to louuiy expressed dissatisfaction with the abuse of her influence by the Empress, who ceases to take a prominent part in politics. Count Cliatn- bonrd issued a manifesto on tho present state of France, declaring that hereditary monarchy i9 only a harbour of refuge. Guizot asserts that parliamentary government can only insure the effective alliance of ordor with liberty. The public finances are reported to be in a very flourishing conditiou. Protectionist agitation is provoking tho organised action of free traders. Traupman's trial causes great excitement, 15,000 persons applied to be present. He was pronounced guilty and sentenced to death. The formation of a new Cabinet is entrusted to Ollivior. The Einperor, by a letter, re quested liitn to select persons who can with himself form a homogeneous Cabinet faith fully representing the Legislative majority. Personal government appears to have surren- lered, and the basis ot the parliamentary egitne is laid. At the New Year's Day reception at tho Pufferies, tho Emperor said that tho year 1870 jould not but consolidate the good relations that existed between Franco and the European powers, and increase tho concord of universal civilisation. In replying to the congratulations sf the Chambers, his Imperial Alajesty said, "Never was an understanding between us more necessary, and for mutual benefit moro advantageous than now. Your privileges have been increased without diminishing the position I hold from the nation. Sharing the responsibility of the great bodies of tho State, I am more confident of overcoming the dif ficulties of the future. I am like a traveller who, after a long journey, relieves himself of a portion of his burden, which does not weaken him, but he rather gathers fresh courage and continued force." The French Chambers assembled on January 10th. Al. Ollivier, in a short speech, said that the principles and aspirations of the Alinistry were already known. While in power, these principles would remain the same. When other membors obtained a majority, they would hasten to transfer to thorn the burden of public affairs. A very unpleasant affair has caused great excitement in Paris. Princo Pierre Buona- parte challenged iienri do rtooneiorc lor attacking him in his journal The Marseillaise. Al. Noir, a journalist, and friend of Roehofort's, waited upon tho Princo to arrange prelimi naries for a hostile meeting. A quarrel arose and Noir assaulted tho Prince, who took a pistol and shot him dead. Al. Olliver, with the approval of tho Emperor, arrested the Prince, and caused him to be imprisoned at Alagna. Ho will be tried beforo tho High Court of Justice. Intense excitement prevailed at Noir's funeral, and immense crowds paraded tho streets in the evening, singing the"Alarseil- laise." They pelted the Prince, but no serious breach of order occurred. Roehofort's paper has been seized, and the Chamber of Deputies authorised him to be prosecuted for exciting the people to i-evolt. Rochefort made a violent speech in the Chamber, demanding that Prince Pierre should be tried before the ordinary tribunal. Ollivier defended the proceedings of the Government as conformable to law. Ho regretted the public excitement which had arisen, and stated his intention to dofend the law by force if necessary. Lodru Rollin has been permitted to return to France. A Alinisterial order authorises the sale of newspapers in tho streets of Paris. All foreign newspapers in_i\ituve will bo admitted into France without restriction. Italy. — The Alinisterial crisis has at length terminated by Laugar constructing a Cabinet. Sweeping Ministerial reforms are promised, but additional taxes -are foreshadowed. The disbandment of 464,000 men. is ru moured. Considerable excitement has been produced by -the dissolution of a congress at Naples held in opposition to the (Ecumenical Council. Forty lives were lost by an inudatiou of the Arno at Pisa. Santa Al aura has been totally destroyed by an earthquake. The (Ecumenical Council opened on the bth, amidst gloom, rain, booming of cannon, and peeling of tho bells of 3G0 churches. 800 ecclesiastics were present and thousands of spectators. The order of service was mass, tho inaugural discourse by the Archbishop of Iconium, the Papal benediction, tho homage of members of the Council to the Pope, and to the Holy Ghost, and a Te Deum for sub sequent sittings wero with closed doors. Already there ate reports of dissension and intrigues amongst the Fathers, and a strong opposition of French, Gorman, and American bishops to the dogma of infallibility, but subtle measures are taken by the Pope and his Jesuit advisers to stifle discussion by remitting obnoxious subjects to safo committees. The Bull communicated at the second meeting has occasioned surprise and indignation. If the infallibility project is insisted on a great dis ruption is probable. The Council is expected to sit for six montlm. The French ambassador has warned the Pope of the probable con sequences of liis high-handed proceedings. One Cardinal is dead. It is conjectured that Cardinal Manning will be the next Pope. 