THE BROKEN HOME BY LEON LEWIS. CHAPTER XXX. HETTY AND BEN. GREDDLEY. FOR a few minutes after Ben. Greddley tore her away from Mrs. Wilbur's, Hetty could not and would not acknowledge, even to herself, that she was a prisoner. She thought it likely that Mrs Wilbur might return in time to give the alarm, or that some humane traveller on the road might come to her aid. "Itscorns, Ben ," she at length said, with a loathing as visible as her wrath, " that I have not yet got rid of you '" The sturdy rascal laughed. " No, you haven't," he replied, " nor are you likely to get rid of me, Miss Hetty you can make a note of this until you get rid of your life itself I shall stick to you till the world comes to an end, you " may be certain We'll leave this road here," he added, as they came to a fork. "It is a little too much travelled '" The captive offered no opposition, UB she had no control over her horse, her unwelcome suitor holding it by the bridle The night had now descended upon the scene fully, and with it had come a profound silence. The strained hearing of Hetty could detect no sign of the near presence of any human being except her evil minded companion, and a deep sense of desolation and disquietude soon pervaded her whole being Yet she kept her anxie- ties to herself, assuming an aspect and manner that were quite at variance with both her prospects and feelings " You are not afraid of losing your way, I suppose ?" she at length remarked. "Not a bit. I know this road as well as I know the way from my eyes to my nose." "And will you know as well any road to which this one may lead us ?" " Certainly. I know every road within a hundred miles of Sacramento-every cross-roads, and every path or track in the woods'" I presumed 03 much," commented Hetty, with a bitter significance " I was sure that you know all these leads and cross-roads too well for your good or your credit" The villain looked at her a moment through the evening gloom. "What do you mean Hetty?" he then demanded. " 1 moon," said Hetty quietly, " that, consider- ing your lawless character, and the fact that your lameness is only an imposture, I should not at all wonder if you were one of the three high- wayman" " You've got a lively imagination, he observed, with a black scowl, ' too lively by half If you only knew what was for your good, you might not be quite so free with your imaginings. I can tell you one thing, though," he added, " unless you become my wife, all these taunts and suspicions of yours are so many nails to screw down your coffin lid Understand '" Hetty did understand, and her brave young heart momentarily quailed before the dread significance of his words and tones. " Well," she said, after a pause, as if she had carefully considered the matter, " if you mean what you say, Ben. Greddley, there's no use in your taking me a step further. You may as well kill me at once and if you do, it won't be the first time you've had the stain of murder on your soul. I will never be your wife nover ' I'll die first." Ben Greddloy regarded her with a rough sort of admiration. " What a spirit you've got, Hetty '" he exclaimed. "If it was directed into the right channels, and you'd be my wife, we might get rich in three years " No, I won't kill you, as you're almost during me to do. I don't give up yet," and he laughed. " You shall have plenty of time to make your choice '" "After all, you may be right," remarked the young girl " Something must happen to bene- lla mo ' Providence, which has guided me till now, will not forsake me <" " And no more will that Frisco clerk, Adrian Thorne, I suppose you think," sneered Ben. Greddley "I defy him to track you. I've got a place to hide you and I mean to leave you there and go back to the tavern in time to meet my city gentleman when he comes. Oh, I'm a genius in my way, Miss Hetty. I've sort of had a brick on my head till now, but I'm coming out'" " You've been doing so ever since I came home from Sacramento," said Hetty. Ben was not quite certain how to interpret her remark, but he wisely concluded that it was not intended to be complimentary, and so grow flushed with annoyance " You're bold, Hetty," he exclaimed. "'Can't healthy to be so bold ? But I'm glad you've let out your thoughts, for I see now, plain as pie- crust, that if I want my neck points to keep in good working order I musn't lose sight of you' You've talked too much for your own good. I've got to act prompt for mine." Hctt) made no answer, and he gradually lapsed into a moody silence. They rode on over dreary bye-roads, and as the night deepened slackened their pace, their way getting more and more lonely and gloomy. There were scattered farm houses along their way, but those were dark and silent Now and then a watch dog, aroused by the passers, barked furiously, and again they heard the familiar sound of cock crowing, but these were the only horses, besides their horses' fretfully, that disturbed the stillness At length they turned into a quiet road that looked like a wood push, it seemed so little used, They pursued their course along this lonely way for some time in silence, which was broken at last by Ben Greddloy, who demanded gruffly " Asleep, Hetty?" " You know I'm not." " Well, I guess we're most there." "'Most H here?" asked Hetty, raising her drooping head. " Why, to my place the farm I bought, and to which I am taking you." " Oh, indeed'" said Hetty. "I should think it was time we were there, or somewhere else. I am tired out." " We'll do a little faster, then," said her cap- for, suiting the action to the word. By this time the flush of early dawn was creeping into the cool gray horizon. Hetty welcomed these signs of the coming morning as the shipwrecked mariner welcomes the sight of land. " This is an unfamiliar region," she observed, straining her eyes to scan the scene around them. " It looks wild " " It is said, and lonely and un visited," as sented Ben. Greddley, speaking as if these facts comprised the great charms of the place " We won't meet nobody up here, there ain't a traveller on this road once a week But) shuddered, as a chill of apprehension swept over her. "What is the name of the place ?" she asked "Of an hon 0? It is called the Moderiok House. It is at the head of Dead Man's Gulch, and as louth a place as you can find in all Call for a Years ago, gold was found in the Gulch, and three brothers named Modonuk made a pile of money out of the washings and diggings 'they were powerful fellows, didn't care a cent for no law, and over body was afraid of 'cur When they'd made enough money to suit 'em, they took to keeping a gambling don, the Guion being full of minors They built thoMorderiok House, and bought the farm around it, and sent East for the eldest Modonok's wife, a frail little thing with no more toughness than a paper string Then they put on a full head of steam, as our folks say, and made a big spread Fora while the money poured in, but one night, when there was a big crowd 111, one fellow, called Bully Dick, accused the Modouoks of cheating at cards, and there was a great fight, and every one of the Modericks were killed, besides some others Mrs. Modonuk went crazy. The Gulch played out, and the minors went elsewhere Mis Modonuk took to wandering around the country, and the house was shut up, folks saying it was hunted. Mrs. Moderiok died lately, and her hair offered the place dog cheap, and I bought it, intending to farm it. You can see now, Hetty, what kind of a place you are going to, and how likely you are to be rescued Here's the Gulch, to the left," he added, pointing with his finger. "It's light enough now to see it." It was, as Greddloy had said, wild and strange. An air of desolation brooded over it. The Gulch, dark and deep, traversed the landscape like an ugly scar upon a rugged face. To the right there were fields and pastures overrun with. wild flowers and weeds, and divided by worm-' fences, and in the angles berry bushes grew, and over the posts and rails wild rose vines trailed and gay creepers clambered-all in the glory of a flush blossoming. In all the scene but one house was visible. That stood at the head of Dead Man's Gulch. " That is Moderick House," said Greddley. Hetty looked at it curiously. It was of two stories, nearly square in shape, with a low kitchen wing. It was a frame dwells ing and had been originally painted a dark brown. Time and weather had streaked and worn the paint, giving to the house a singularly grotesque appearance. One of its tall chimney had toppled over in some hard wind, and several of the upper blinds were unhinged and panes of glass broken from the windows. A tumble-down barn stood in the rear of the house, ready as it seemed to fall over at a touch. " When a house gets going to the bad," oh served Ben. Greddley philosophically, " it goes rapid. When nobody lives in the house, it travels to the dogs by express. Windows come broke without no hands touching on 'em. Blinds come off. The winds break over the chimney tops and pull off the blinds, and the paint wears off in spots like this 'un. Fifteen years of hard usage wouldn't speak the house like ten years of letting alone. I mean to lay out money on the house and put it in order. The old Modorick furniture is still here. I bought it with the) house! When you are mistress here, Hetty, you may furnish the place like a palace." "You haven't money enough to do that." Hon. Greddloy's eyes twinkled as he answered I " If I haven't got enough money, perhaps you'll let me have some. You don't know it all yet. Hetty, nor yet suspect all I've got my plans and suspicions-I know things that Troy it would want to kill me for, if he only guessed my knowledge. But enough of that," he added, repres- sing the words that sprang to his lips. "What I know you'll know when we are man and wife " I shall always remain in ignorance, then said Hetty defiantly. By this time the sun had arisen, and the) scene was flooded with summer sunlight. And by this time also the travellers had reached the broken gate of the Moderick House. Ben. Greddley led the way into the yard without dismounting, and drew up at the kitchen door. Here he alighted, assisting Hetty also to her feet. Having secured the tired horses, he drew a key from his pocket, unlocked the door, and led his captive into the house. " I'll take you up to your room at once," be observed. " You'll find it all ready for you. I got it in order right after Trevil came to the tavern the ninth of August. Come !" He took the reluctant han and conducted her from the dreary, dark kitchen into a gloomy hall, up a narrow and battered staircase to the upper floor. " The house seems like a vault !" said Hetty shivering. " That may be because it's been shut up so long !" replied Greddley. "It is damp that's a fact. Hetty Grey will have to make the best of the dark and the cold, but say the word and Hetty Greddley shall have a fire and everything nice. Think the matter over. Here's your room !" He unlocked the chamber over the parlor, ushering Hetty into it. Although Greddley had said the house was furnished, this room was sufficiently bare. There was a chair, a rickety table, and a low rate bedstead ; but no carpet, no lounge, no luxury of any description. Only the barest necessities had been provided. Against the wall was a sort of dresser that might have been. brought up from the kitchen, and its shelves were furnished with a quantity of provisions, including crackers, and dry and mouldy bread. There was a single window. Over the lower half of this a board had been securely nailed, and on the outside the blinds were closely shut. " This is your prison !" said Greddloy, looking around him with an air of satisfaction. " And it couldn't be improved. There are provisions enough in the cupboard such as they are to last a week. If they can't first-class they may make you give up sooner. You'll change your time in a day or two. You'll be here alone night and day, and before I come back you'll be so sick for the sight of a human face, or the sound of human voice, that you'll fairly beg me to release you on my own terms. I've heard fel- lers tell of the dark cell in prison, and being shut up solitary. I'm glad to get the chance to try the system on you. You can't get out, Hetty. You can hotter day and night, and no we'll hear you. Besides, folks say the place is haunted, and your hollering will only confirm the story. Anybody hearing you would run for his life!" A realization of the truth of his words pressed heavily on poor Hetty's heart. " You can't ready to give up ?" asked her enemy. "Never!" cried the spirited girl. " Never!" " Then I'll go on to the tavern," said Greddley grimly. " While you're trying hunger and damp and chill and solitude, I'll be at the tavern, to meet in? city countor-jumpor. I wouldn't wonder if I wiped him out of existence before I come back," he added significantly. " And I may have a fight with Trevil who knows? Remember my last words to you, Hetty mas rouge or death ! I'll be here to-night to see if you won't have an answer ready." He turned and withdrew, locking the door behind him. A few minutes later Hetty heard him riding away. - CHAPTER XXXI. MU. l'ltEDLK AND HARDWICK:. AT sight of his life-long enemy, Mr. Preble turned to his faithful servant and said " It's too late, John, for us to take to our heels." " I see it is, sir." " We must accordingly fight." And the banker drew his revolver, cocking it, and John followed his example. In obedience to a gesture from Hardwick, Wix stopped toward his fellow- servant, intent upon releasing him from his bonds, but John, drew himself up firmly in the way, saying : " Not a stop nearer, you rascal ! You can't come near that man till Mr. Preble says so." "Softly, my good fellow," said Hardwick to John, with a contemptuous smile " We will soon cut your comb for you ! " I think you will hardly resort to violence, my dear Morton," continued Hardwick, with. his mocking mein and voice. " You must see that I have a decided advantage. Even if you should kill me you would be the loser, for with me would perish a great deal of wisdom that you would give half of your fortune yes, the whole of it-to posBCBS. Let us agree, therefore, my dear Morton, not to fight with each other !" "Friend, I know not how to do! with you!" was all the tortured husband and father could say. " Of course you don't," sneered Hardwick. " The truth is, I am too learned in the ways of this world for you to win a victory over me And so my dear Morton, since peace is to reign between us, I will hasten to release my man from the disagreeable fix in which you have placed him !" "One moment!" cried the banker, again rait- ing his revolver. "You shall not release him. till we have come to terms." "But I will though," retorted Hardwick. "The first condition, of peace between us is, that my man shall have his freedom !" "Then there shall be no peace between all" declared the banker quickly. " I'd sooner die than give you this advantage !" " Then do it is, my dear Morton !" exclaimed Hardwick with a savage insolence. " I'll release that man before I exchange another word with you !" He leaped toward the prisoner with a bound, throwing himself against John with such force and suddenness as to hurl him to the ground. In an instant the banker had levelled and fired his pistol, but in vain, and Wix had hurled him self upon Mr. Preble from behind, holding him fast, and scouring the weapon. " There you are, you see !" was Hardwicke victorious ory. " Surrender !" John did not obey the injunction until after a long and furious struggle. , To complete Hardwick's victory, Pecksley had been making good use of his hands, which the banker had loosened previous to the meeting, to allow him to count the money given him, and the villain now leaped from the carriage entirely star of the cords with which his captors had found him. " Ah ! you are free just in time, man. !" added Hardwick jubilantly. " Take those same ropes and hasten to bind the banker !" Pecksley obeyed quickly. " And now come and do the like service for this fierce warrior !" commanded Hardwick. Pecksley hastened to comply with the come round, and in another minute John was quite as helpless as his employer. " And so, boys, were masters of the field, observed Hardwick, arising. " I thought our usual good fortune would favor us. A scratch or two seems to be on our victory has cost us !" She two ruffians, and especially Pecksley, expressed in noisy terms their joy at their employer's victory. "Never mind, John, the banker felt constrained to say to his servant, so terribly did the faithful fellow take his captivity to heart. it The end is not yet. Their triumph is not final!" "But to think that I didn't get a shot at the lascars!" lamented John. "I could die gladly, if I had only killed one or two of them !" "You can cease your lamentations on that point, my fine fellow," retorted Hardwick. S You have made us more cost, as it is, than you will be able to pay." Turning to Wix and Pecksley, the victor added: " You can put this doughty servant into the carriage, and drive away with him !" " But where ?" asked Wix. Hardwick whispered a few words in the ques- tioner's ear, and added : "Do this, and then wait at the house for further orders." The two ruffians lost no time in putting John into the carriage. " What have we here ?" asked Hardwick, on seeing the banker's valise. Pecksley explained the matter. His money, eh?" commented the victor. "Let me see how much there is of it." He soon counted the few double eagles remain- ing in the bag, and muttered : *' Rather a poor fund, I should say, for so considerable a journey as my relative has undertaken. Is here all the money, Pecksley, he had with him ?" " Every cent., Sir-So far as I know." The banker allowed the falsehood to pass un- corrected. " He's been shrewder, then, in this matter, than I thought," commented Hardwick. " I requested him, in his wife's name, to bring a liberal sum of money with him. Pity that he didn't." "No doubt he has a plenty where he can reach it, if you only make terms with him," said Pecksley with cool insolence. "At any rate, he said that he was a rich banker, and that he would give me thousands and thousands of dollars, if I'd only help him." "Dow help him?" " We hadn't got to that point when we met you. Besides, I had told him that there was no one of talking, and that money could not buy as," " "You did right man. I shall not forget your faithfulness. And now away with you !" He pocketed the gold remaining in the valise, and stood looking after his men, while they drove away in the direction of Sacramento. He did not utter another word until they had vanished in the distance, and then he turned amid lingly to his prisoner, remarking : " You see, my dear Morton, that the good luck I have so long experienced has not yet do served me." " Yes, I see it, assented the banker. " But it is a long road you know, that has no turn in it. Another time, you may be the prisoner and the victor." "Another time, my dear step-brother?" sneered the villain. " Why, what are you talk- ing about You'll never see a human being except your humble servant until the war we have been carrying on so long as ended." " I may at least hope to the contrary," returned the banker. " You have failed according to your own showing, in many of your plans and intentions, and it is quite likely that you will fail in many others." " Well, we shall see what we shall see," said the villain, with an air of calm satisfaction. " For the present you must admit all is well with me. My men have gone away with your man, to a place where he will never again troubles me. And you and I are at length alone together, and in a spot where no third person is likely to molest us." CHAPTER XXXII. A VIGILANCE COMMITTEE ON THE WIND. AT a later hour of the same day on which occurred the events narrated in the preceding chapter, an event transpired which materially affected the fortunes of Mrs. Preble. The afternoon was half spent when three men, well mounted and armed, rode up to the door of Mrs. Wix's river-side cottage They were attired like ordinary farmers, with loosely fitting garments, and with wide-brimmed Panama hats that shaded their boarded and sun browned faces. They had a judicial sort of air, and their manor was at once eager, shrewd, and business-like. The appearance of these men, and the fact that they were abroad in the daytime so fully armed, proclaimed them to be members of that vigilance committee of which mention has been made in this narrative, the object of whose organisation was the discovery and capture of the three highwaymen. " This must be the place !" said the leader of the trio, coming to a halt at the porch, and scan- ning the low cottage, the long garden, and the blue river at the foot of the latter. " It's a quiet kind of nest. Let's see what it contains!" He dismounted, and wrapped loudly at the front door. " seems to be no one inside !" he exclaimed, after a few moments of impatient waiting. " Can our birds really belong here ? If so, they may have got wind of our coming, and flown!" " Somebody's at home," declared one of the men. " There's smoke coming out of the kitchen chimney, and there's a washing out on the lines in the bark yard. The folks are down collar, or up-stairs. Give them another call, captain The captain did as requested, knocking again long and loudly. The echoes thus aroused had scarcely died away when stops were heard within the dwelling, and then the door opened, and Mrs. Wix appeared on the threshold. " Well, what's wanted?" She demanded crossly, annoyed at having been summoned while on a visit to the collar. Even as she asked the question, her gaze encountered the forms of the two mounted vigi- lants, who had a withdrawn a few paces into the background. Instantly her red face had grown pale, and a startled look appeared in her eyes. She moved back hastily as if to shut the door, but the captain of the vigilants was equally prompt, and thrust his sturdy foot over the threshold, thus preventing the accomplishment of her intended movement of defence. " Just wait a few moments, he said quietly, drawing a small note-book from his pocket. " I've got a few questions to ask you. But first, to show you our authority, let me tell you who we are. We are members of the Vigilance Committee, organised to search for the three highwaymen, and sworn not to disband until those wretched outlaws are executed. I am the captain of the committee Captain Holby !" "I-I thought you were the three highway- men," who muttered. Captain Holby laughed, as did his companions. " Oh, you did, did you ?" he asked, with ironical emphasis. " Well, now, since you know who we are, you know we can't be trifled with. So answer my questions and no quibbling. Who lives in this house ?" " My husband-John Wix !" The captain referred to his note-book. " So far, well !" he observed. " How many in the family ?" " Two, when Wix is at home. One when he can't!" " So he's gone a good deal ?" inquired the captain. " What's his business ?" The woman hesitated, but the captain's silence made her uneasy, and she responded : " He hasn't no business in particular. When he first came out to Californy he was a minor, but after we bought this place we settled down onto it. He cultivates the garden, and sometimes catches fish and sells 'em." "What is it, then, that takes him away so much ?" " I don't know as it's any of your business," cried Mrs. Wix, her patience failing her. " Vigilants or not, I Bha'nt answer no more of your questions. If you want to find the three highwaymen, go were they are. I don't know nothing about 'em !" She shook the door impatiently, as a hint to her visitors to depart. " Just hold on a little !" admonished Captain Holby, putting up his note-book. " We received information at our meeting last night that a suspicious character named Wix lives in this house, and that sometimes the house was about deserted, and again three men would be seen to land here at night. Your answers go to show that there's something wrong bore. We demand to examine your premises " " That you never shall !" cried Mrs. Wix, in a screaming voice, her mind reverting to her prisoner. " How do I know but what you are robbers ? I am a poor lone woman, but I won't be insulted. Go away ! Go off! Go, I say !" " Why, she's a regular old chanticleer !" observed one of the mounted men. Captain Holby made a gesture of silence to his follower, and said gravely : "You know that we are not robbers, madam, and your reluctance to admit us has a look of guilt." " I don't care if thus !" exclaimed Mrs. Wix frantically. " You cannot come in !" " Just reflect a moment !" urged the captain of the vigilants. " You have heard of the three highwaymen. The story of their depredations is in everybody's mouth. While those outlaws live, life and property are not safe. They prevent strangers from coming among us, and depreciate the value of our property. They have killed many unoffending travellers, and have robbed more. It is the duty of every goodness zen to assist in unearthing these miscreants, and anyone who will not, lays himself open to the charge of abetting them. It your husband does not belong to this gang, why do you object to our search ? We will promise to injure nothing, and to leave things as we find them. If you still refuse, you must be in league with the highway- men. "I do refuse!" declared Mrs. Wix. "You shall not come into this house. A man's house is his castle ; that's the law! Now leave!" "Let us go into the house," said the captain. To say was to do. They coolly walked into the dwelling, notwithstanding that Mrs. Wix exerted all her strength to close the door in their faces. The captain then drew a revolver from his belt, and said " Now, no more nonsense. Show us through the house and be lively. You needn't trouble yourself to scream and denounce us, madam. We understand just how you fool." Mrs. Wix dared not resist the order. With trembling limbs and feeble protestations, she conducted her visitors through the dwelling. "There!" she said BnappiBhly, when they came into the kitchen. " You've found no trace of robbers, have you? I hope you are quite satisfied ??" "I shall be when I have visited the collar," said Captain Holby. Mrs. Wix grow agitated. "There's no one down there !" she said, her voice faltering, in spite of her efforts to appear unmoved. "We'll look for yourselves," said the captain. " Get a candle, and be quick about it !" But the woman positively refused to procure a light, and grow so violent in her denunciations of the vigilants that Captain Holby, bidding one of his men hold her, searched for a candle himself, found it, and lighted it, and ordered an immediate descent into the cellar. The movement was effected, Mrs. Wix being forced to accompany them. The first cellar was thoroughly searched. 'The captain then tried the door of the adjoining room, and demanded, turning to Mrs. Wix : " The key, woman ! the key !" "I haven't got it!" protested Mrs. Wix, putting her hand involuntarily to her pocket. "It has been lost these six months !" "You've fooled long enough," said the captain, menacing her with his revolver. I hour some one in the collar. Give me the key." Mrs. Wix, in a panic of terror, yielded up the desired instrument. Captain Holby, putting himself on his guard, opened the door of the front collar, and entered it, his followers crowding after him. He was astonished at the scene that met his gaze. The humble subterranean room furnished like the chamber of a house, and in the midst of it a woman, who looked at him with a wild and questioning gaze. "Who are you, sir ?" she asked. The captain told her, and her face lighted up with a great joy. " It is Providence has sent you bore !" she exclaimed. " I am a prisoner at this house, Captain Holby. I implore you to release me !" " A prisoner !" sneered Mrs. Wix, yet with evident uneasiness. " Why, SHOTS my own poor sister, who's been crazy this ten years." Captain Holby looked from and to the other of the two women, and, plain farmer as he was, he did not fail to contrast the high-bred, refined, and lady-like air of Mrs Preble with the course rudeness of Mrs. Wix and to draw conclusions accordingly. " This lady your sister, Mrs. Wix ?" he exclaimed. " You resemble her as much as a barnyard hen resembles a canary bird." " "Tan't no question of resemblance," replied Mrs. Wix, sullenly. " She's my sister, and crazy as Bedlam. Come out!" I am not this woman's sister, said Mrs. Preble, eagerly. I never saw her till this week. I and Mrs. Morton Preble, of San Francisco. I was an a journey through this region when I fell into the hands of enemies, who brought me here, and have since held me captive " Mrs. Morton Problo !" said Captain Holby, respectfully. " I am. I will prove my statement," asserted Mrs. Preble, with quiet dignity. " My enemies have not added robbery to imprisonment. I have some letters in my pocket written by my husband j" and she drew from her pocket the letters and telegrams received since leaving home, and handed them to Captain Holby. Mrs. Wix essayed to tear them from his grasp, but one of the men caught and held her in a fierce grip, whispering : " Come, no more of this. The captain will wake up pretty soon. You'd better wind up." Mrs. Wix acted on the advice, hushing her outcries. Captain Holby examined the addresses of the letters and their signatures, refraining with true delicacy from unfolding the missives. "And here is my wedding-ring," said Mrs. Preble, extending it. It has my husband's name and mine within it." Captain Holby looked at the ring, restoring it with the letters. He immediately led the way up stairs, Mrs. Wix following, and bemoaning her wretched lot. Mrs. Preble did not pause until she had gained the outer air, and then she sat down on the steps, pale and faint and trembling. She looked up at the blue summer sky with reverent joy, and then, her strength returning, she arose and held out her hand to Captain Holby, and to his men thanking them warmly. " Which way are you going first, Mrs. Pro- blo ?" asked Captain Holby kindly. " I must go to Sacramento," replied the lady. " I have friends and acquaintances there. I expect also to meet there the companion of my journey, Mr. Thorne, who, no doubt, is in great anxiety, about me." " To Sacramento ? That is about eight miles distant. I am sorry we can't take you there, but the truth is we have a rendezvous in another direction. Yet we cannot leave you alone, Sirs. Preble. There is a house about a quarter of a mile from here, in the regular road, where you may find some one to take you to Sacramento. We will take you there." Mrs. Preble gratefully assented to this arrangement. "You had better mount my horse, continued Captain Holby " The saddle may not be very easy, but you look too tired to walk." He insisted on Mrs. Preble's mounting in his place, and assisted her into the saddle The two other vigilants mounted. Their captain took Mrs. Preble's bridle. In this way they moved into the road. Mrs. Wix followed them to the gate, her wrath and fury boiling over into words. " That woman's got a powerful weapon of defence or offence in her tongue !" observed the captain, with a grimace. " I'd as soon live close under a bell- clapper as to live in the house with her. No wonder her husband's away so much. He has reason to. He don't belong to the High- waymen, boys!" " I should think he'd do anything desperate to get away from home!" said one of the men. " But they're a bad lot, cap'n, or they wouldn't have shut up this lady." " I believe you said they didn't rob you, Mrs. Preble ?" asked the chief vigilant. In reply, Mrs. Preble told much of her story, repressing only so much concerning her missing daughter and Hardwick as she could conveniently. By the time the narration was ended, they had arrived at the gate of a house close to the road- side. " Here we must leave you, Mrs. Preble," said Holby, assisting her to dismount. " There's no question but you'll find assistance here. I hope we shall meet again. I wish we had time to see you to the city ; but be cautious, and go on at once." . He shook hands with her, leaped into his saddle, touched his hat in token of farewell, and the three vigilants, turning, swept back in the direction they had just come. CHAPTER XXXIII. A DARKNESS rUECEDINO THE DAWN. THE banker looked long and earnestly at his unworthy relative, before replying to his oxen tutions : " I have only just this much to say, Trovil. As dark as is my present lot I do not believe that our dealings sure to end in your triumph !" Hardwick's face contracted with a mocking smile. " I have always noticed, he observed, " that every person has something to cheer him, no matter how dark his situation may be. It seems to be a sort of privilege that is given to poor human nature, to hope on, hope ever !' You, of course, will form no exception to the general rule. You will continue to hope for the best to use a pre-Adamite expression. ' Such is life, my dear relative-in reality, a double-distilled purgatory, but in imagination a serene and bounteous heaven which, by some crooked awk wardness, continues to keep just a quarter of an inch beyond your reach !" " If the information does not in any way im- peril your projects, I shall be glad to know how much longer you propose to journey before coming to a halt." " Not a great while" responded Hardwick. " You will remember that you had penetrated quite a distance into the wilderness before I met you." " Would it be too great a liberty for me to inquire what you purpose to do with me?" " Oh, no, not as I know of I will even tell you candidly that I am about to take you to the loneliest place in all California-lonelier even than the loneliest nooks of the Yosemite valley. It is a place abhorred and avoided by men-re- puted to be haunted and I am told that even the birds avoid the spot !" " And where is it ?" asked the banker incredulously. " Do you remember hearing, in the early days of California, of the tragedy of the Morderick House, at the head of Dead Man's Gulch tragedy in which nine lives were sacrificed ?" " Yes, I remember," said Mr. Preble reflec- tively. " The story made a great sensation at the time. The Morderick House was a game- ling-den. One night the Mordorick brothers were accused of cheating, and the minors TOBO against them, and a battle ensued in which the nine lives. were lost, and among them those of the three MordoricksT^ " You are right. The widow of one of the Mordericks went crazy, and now roams the country, begging from door to door, and sleeping at night in the fields. The Gulch was abandoned. The house was deserted, and is just going to ruin. I used to frequent the place in the Mor- derick days, and have been there since. You will be buried alive in that house-as lost to the world as though you were in your grave ! A few days of its loveliness will induce you to yield to my demands!" and he smiled with conscious power. Neither spoke again until the deserted Mor- derick place had been gained, and the old brown house, grim and weather-stained, appeared in view. Arrived at the side steps, Hardwick dis- mounted, keeping a tight hold upon the bridle of the bunker's horse, and tried the kitchen door. " Locked, of course," he muttered. " It's fortunate I sent Wix on in advance to fit a key. Now to try it!" He produced a key from his pocket, fitted in, and unlocked the door. " So much for forethought, my dear Morton," he observed, throwing open the' door. " After I telegraphed to you, I made up my mind to lodge you here when you should come, us I know you would be sure to do. So I sent on Wix to see if the place was as secure for the purpose of as- it would have been a year ago, and to fit a key to the outer lock. You see how perfectly the place is adapted to my purpose. It might have been made expressly for my present need !" He assisted Mr. Problo rather roughly from the saddle and drew him into the kitchen, there again securing the bonds about his feet. "It's gloomy place," he then said, OF his prisoner sat down upon an old wooden bench against the wall. " I won't open the blinds, or make any change in the looks of the house, as I don't wish to attract the attention of any possible passer-by. Rather chilly in here ! So much the better. The dampness of this place will soon will your strongest resolutions!" He looked around him with an air of satisfaction, and at that moment detected in the thick dust covering the floor the footprints of Ben. Greddley and Hetty. Wix trampled ground pretty well," he observed carelessly, without a suspicion that his conclusion was untrue. "He stirred up the dust Bomo, I see. Make yourself comfortable a few minutes, my dear Morton, whilolstublotho horses !" He went out for that purpose, and was gone but for a few moments, returning with busy stops. He found Mr. Preble in a desponding attitude, but the bunker looked up and put on a brave scorning, hiding his anguish from the eyes of his enemy. " Making the best of it, eli ?" said Hardwick, with assumed joviality. " Of all things I admire a cheerful disposition. It would give me pleasure to stay here and share your solitude, but I can't. The peerless Jessie next demands my attention. As soon as Pecksley arrives with the provisions, which must be in an hour, as we travelled so slowly and he was ordered to go swiftly, I must leave you. It goes to my heart, my beloved Morton, to leave you, but you have only to accede to my demands to become my travelling companion. What do you say ?" " Do you intend to leave me here alone in do handed Mr. Problo abruptly, unheeding his enemy's question. No. Pecksley will be your gaoler. You will remain bound, and your food will be of the poorest description, until you accede to my terms. When you do yield, Pecksley will bring the news to me." "And if I novoryield?" "But you will yield! There is a limit even to my forbearance ! And if you should hold out in the face of the bonds, the meagre but, the gloom, the discomfort, the anxieties, your wife's imprisonment and despair-why, then I cannot answer for myself ! My patience may give way, and I may be tempted to relieve you of an existence which will be burdensome to you. Understand one thing, Morton Preble," he added, with a baleful look, " I am bound to be square with you on that old grudge yet I I say to you as the old highwayman said to the traveller. ' Your money or your life stone or the other I will have !" " And yet God knows I never have merited your hatred !" said the banker, in a tremulous voice. " You brought your punishment on your own head !" Hardwick sneered. " I've had a hard life of it," he muttered. " I'm going to change all that now. It's time I had a taste of luxury, when you've been rolling in wealth all these years, my dear step-brother ! Ah, who is that?" He had heard the sound of horses' hoofs on the road. He arose and went to the door, his brow clear ing us he looked. " It's Pecksley with the provisions, as I thought," he said. " Wix went on with your man John." He waited at the door until Pecksley, rode up and delivered several parcels into his hands. " No whiskey, Pecksley ?" asked Hardwick astonishingly. " No, sir I not a drop !" " Very well. Take your horse to the stable, and bring me to the door. I must be going soon." " Now, Pecksley," said his employer, " I know I can depend upon your fidelity. No doubt this gentleman will offer you large bribes to release him, but so sure as you do your life will pay the forfeit. I have got all the particulars of your little affair at Stockton, where you robbed and killed a man, and when you play me false you may prepare to die! That's all!" Peeksloy protested that he was as faithful as fidelity itself. " See that you are !" said Hardwick. " Keep the prisoner bound all the time. Feed him sparely. Don't let your old fear of ghosts ever come what little sense you have got. And when the prisoner gives in to my demands, let me know without delay. You'll find me at home, where I'm going now to rest a few hours before setting out again. I believe that's all. My dear' Morton, farewell till we meet again !" CHAPTER XXXIV. MR. BUBllKT. MRS. PREBLE paused an instant, at the gate at which she had alighted, to look after the retreat- ing vigilants, and then she hurried up to the side door of the dwelling. In the doorway a pleasant-faced old lady sat in her rocking-chair, busily picking over a pair of freshly plucked berries. She looked up as the lady mounted the porch, and arose with some apparent curiosity. Mrs. Treble hastened to make known her desire to procure a conveyance to Sacramento. " Well, now, if that isn't too bad !" exclaimed the warm-hearted old lady in a tone of personal disappointment. " Our folks have all gone to Sucramcnty to do some trading, and they won't be home before dark. And we have no other horses. I'm real sorry you look so tired out. Won't you sit down and rest a bit ?" She pushed the rocking-chair invitingly out into the verandah, and Mrs. Preble accepted it with a grateful smile. " Walked far ?" asked the old lady, removing her pan of berries to a distant table. " I reckon you don't live about here. I don't seem to remember your face." " I live in San Francisco," replied Mrs. Problo briefly, The old lady bestowed a keen glance at the elegant figure of bor visitor, at her rich, yet plain attire, at her pale face, and then apparently satisfied with her scrutiny, she muttered an ex- case, and withdraw to an inner room. She was absent but a few minutes, returning with a small lacquered tray, on which were deposited a bowl of rich milk, a dish of horses, and a slice of bread. "Won't you have something to eat?" she asked, proffering the tray with simple hospitality, yet half apologetically. " You look a little faint, ma'am." Mrs. Problo was both faint and hungry, for shot at Mrs. Wise's house having been of the most meagre description. The timely hospitality of the old lady, therefore, in horforlomnoss and desolation, touched her more than princely gifts would have done author stately city home. She accepted the refreshment, and partook of it with a sense of enjoyment. When she had finished, her hostess said " You look better now, ma'am. The color is coming back to your cheeks. If you want to got back to Sacramento, I must not be keeping you bore longer. Though I can't send you to the city myself, I'll tell you what you can do. Do you see that big square house up the road, about a quarter of a mile ?" Mrs. Preble's gaze followed the direction indicated by the old lady's finger, and she replied in the affirmative " There's a rich man lives there Mr. Bur- rel," explained the old lady. " He's got horses and boats and servants, and can send you on to Sacramento right off. Go to him, and he'll be sure to help you to " Thank you !" said Mrs, Problo. "I will go to him. I have no time to lose. I must be in Sacramento at the earliest possible moment." She expressed her gratitude for the kindness of which she had been the recipient ; and greatly cheered, arose and set out on her walk, her hostess accompanying her to the gate. The vigilants were long since out of sight. The long dusty road was deserted. Mrs. Problo had no fours therefore, as she hurried onward, keeping to the well-beaten path beside the road. The day was sultry, and the lady's steps had begun to flag when at last she reached the gate of Mr. Burrot's mansion, and turned into the cool and shaded walk leading to the front door. "How still it looks hero!" thought Mrs. Pro- blo. " I see no signs of woman's taste. There can be no children here. I wonder if this Mr. Burret is a bachelor." She mounted the high porch, and rang the bell. The ring was answered by the appearance of an elderly woman, of untidy manners, who appeared more than surprised astonished at the night of the lady visitor, but Bubduod her murmur into something resembling civility. "Is Mr. Burrot at home?" asked Mrs. Preblo. " He is, ma'am. He has just got home from the city. Won't you come in ?" Mrs. Preble hesitated a moment. The gloom of the place, its utter silence, and the appear- once of this woman and impressed her unfavor- ably . Had she followed the guidance of her (puck instincts, she would have turned and fled from the place. Chiding herself for what she deemed her foolish weakness, however, Mrs. Preble accepted the invitation, and was admitted into the hull, and thence ushered into a large parlor. The woman threw open the blinds, admitting the light, and said, indicating a chair : "Sit down, ma'am. I'll call Mr. Burret." She went out, and Mrs. Problo seated herself. Then she heard a door closing in some distant part of the house; a man's tread in the hall; the door opened, and the owner of the mansion entered her presence. Mrs. Problo uroBo, conquering her weakness. " Mr. Burret?" she asked questioningly, rais- ing her eyes to his. Then he stared pale and incredulous. And he AS her tones fell on his hearing, he started abruptly, and an incredulous look passed over his face. The next moment the incredulous look gave place to one of hateful satisfaction, and his eyes glowed, and a mocking smile of recognition appeared on his lips. " Mrs. Preblo !" he exclaimed. "Trevil Hardwick !" she murmured, sinking back upon the chair from which she had arisen at his entrance. " Trevil Hardwick, or Jackson Burrot, at your pleasure!" he responded, rubbing his hands to gather as if well pleased. " I assure you this is an unexpected pleasure I am us nearly astonished as I ever allow myself to be. When did you leave Mrs. Wix ?" he added, with mock ¡ng politeness. Mrs. Preblo could not trust her voice to speak. Her brain was in a whirl, yet she comprehended with sufficient clearness that, by some untoward destiny, she had stumbled upon her enemy in his disguise that this was the home of which he had spoken on his memorable visit to San Francisco, and that Jackson Burrot was the name he had assumed after abandoning his own, While these thought! were flitting through her disturbed mind, Hardwick was fast forming conclusions in regard to her unlooked-for appearance. That by some means she had escaped the custody of Mrs. Wix and had called at his house to solicit assistance in making the journey to Sacramento, he knew as well as if he had been told. The lady's consternation assured him that she had not dreamed of finding the terrible Hardwick in the seemingly wealthy Mr. Burrot. "Well," he said, breaking the silence that was growing oppressive, "to what am indebted for this unexpected visit? You do not like Mrs. Wix perhaps, and have come to ask me for a change of boarding-place. Is that it?" " Let me pass !" said Mrs. Preblo, in a suppressed voice, advancing to the door-way. "Not so, my fair stop sister-in-law," said Hardwick mockingly. " It goes to my heart to refuse your command, but my own wishes have been my guide all my life, and its too late to change my habits in that respect. You don't know how your arrival so totally unexpected cheers my heart. It is a grand omen for me. All my successes heretofore have been the result of hard work and much scheming. But this boon is so gratuitous so unlooked for ! I can scarcely realise my good fortune." "Let, me go!" commanded Mrs. Problo. "I will alarm your household-" Hardwick laughed. " I wish you would," he said. " It would teach you my power and your helplessness. My household, at this moment, consists of the follow Wix, whose devotion to me even your bribes could not effect, and of the old woman, Pecks boy's mother, who admitted you, and who is devoted to me, soul and body. The third member of my household is a savage bull-dog, who has an insane desire to tour Strangers to pieces, and whom, accordingly, I keep chained. Your first screams would bring to my assistance Mrs. Pecksley and Wix. Now call them, if you choose!" CHAPTER XXXV. ON THE THRESHOLD OF A GREAT SEOKCT. For some time after the departure of Ben. Greddley, Hetty was plunged into thodopthsof a terrible despair, for long-tried fortitude utterly deserting her. But as the hours passed her despair spent its strength, and her courage and spirit asserted themselves, arousing her to the necessity of vigorous action. There's no use in starving myself, if I do feel badly," thought Hetty with philosophy, as a faintness resulting from want of food began to steal over her. "It is the part of wisdom to keep up one's strength. Certainly I can't brave and defy Ben. Greddley half so effectively if I am faint and hungry, as if I were well-fed and strong !" She proceeded to examine the contents of the dresser, or cupboard. It was a simple, old fashioned place of furniture, half-a-dozen in closed shelves, which, as has been said, had been moved up from the kitchen for Hetty's use. It contained a supply of bread, butter, cheese, boiled ham, a pail of water which seemed to have been standing there for a week, and some hard crackers or biscuits. Hetty helped herself to this simple fare, forc- ing an appetite which did not come to her naturally. She had finished her frugal men), and was about to turn away when a gleam, as of light glancing on stock, at the back of the cupboard, attracted her attention. Hetty seized the object, and drew it out, holding it up as if it were the key to her prison. It was a hunting knife, with a long, slender, dagger-like and, pointed at the end, Patches of its original brightness remained, but for the most part it was discovered and dark. Its handle was covered with deer-skin, the hair left on. Evidently the knife had belonged to one, of the owners or frequenters of the Mordcriek House in its prosperous days, and had been deposited in the dresser, where it had lodged by- land the shelf, and been forgotten. "At any rate, I have something to defend myself with now!" thought Hetty, her eyes glowing with sudden determination. " I am no longer at Ben. Greddley's morey ! I have heard of people removing or picking prison looks with nails and bits of iron wire.' Why shouldn't I remove this lock with this stout knife ?" She scraped off a portion of the paint from one of the panels and thrust the point of her knife into the wood, severing a splinter. It was just, as she had supposed, and she set to work to cut out the lock. It was no easy task, even with all Hetty's energy and spirit. The knife would bend, and the wood was hard, with occasional knots in it on which the knife turned, threatening to break. But Hetty, despite these obstacles, worked with persistent energy, marking out the piece she desired to remove, and then cut out splinter after splinter. Nearly exhausted at last, as the task approached completion, Hetty paused to bathe her cramped, tired hands, which were red with their unaccustomed labor. She was thus engaged when the steady tramp of horses' hoofs, approaching the house at a trot, penetrated to her hearing. her first thought was, that Ben. Greddley was returning earlier than he had intended. She gave one terrified look at the door, the condition of which would betray her possession of the knife, and then BIll caught it up from the floor, and climbed up hastily to a porch at the upper half of the window, dospo rately hoping that the horsemen might be passing travellers to whom she could appeal for rescue She beheld two horsemen, Hardwick and his captive, Mr. Preble. Hetty recognised the former at once. Her first thought was that he had traced her to this lonely house, and had come to remove her. She had scarcely recovered from the unpleasant sensation this thought, caused her, when she noticed that Hardwick held in his hand the bridle of his companion's horse, and that the banker's arms were closely confined. " Perhaps Mr. Trevil is not here on my no count after all," she thought, with a grain of hope. " He may have come to conceal a prisoner here, just as Ben. Greddley did. I should not like to fall into his hands, after Adrian's warning. I hope he will not discover my pro-' scarce here." She heard the new-comers ride up to the kitchen door, and then she waited with fluctuating pulses, and sickening impatience, for the appearance of Hardwick on thouppor floor, Time an hour passed, and again she heard the sounds of an approach. "This time it must be Ben. Greddley," she exclaimed. " What shall I do?" She crept again to her perch, and looked from the window. The new-comer was Pccksloy. Sho compro hundred that he belonged to Hard wick's party by the assurance of his manner as he rode into the yard, and she waited breathlessly for what would follow his advent. " They're sure to come up-stairs now with their prisoner, she thought. "And five minutes more would have set me free." She did not move from the window, but clutched tighter the knife she said. The minutes dragged by and then, hearing a noise again, she looked out, witnessing Hardwick's departure. I IBU," she murmured. " He has left a prisoner below under guard. He means to come back again no doubt, but not to-night. His man will not come up-stairs. I have only Ben. Greddley to fear. I must finish my work." Shohustonod to do so. The work she had purposed to finish in five minutes was not done in ton, but it was finished at last, and the door swung open on its hinges. She glided out into the hall and down the half ruined staircase like a shadow. In the lower hall who paused, trying the front door, which was looked "I must go out through the kitchen," she decided. " Perhaps that man is in the kitchen with his prisoner. I cannot go away and leave any one in the captivity I have found so terrible. I must see the poor man. Perhaps I can rescue him." She stole along the dusky hall to the door of the kitchen then crouched in the deep shadows and looked through a crevice in the door, obtaining a comprehensive view of the kitchen. In the further corner, on the rude wooden a I settle, Mr Problo, bound hand and foot, was sitting, his face pale and his attitude that of a man nearly worn out and exhausted Peeksloy was not at the moment visible, but even while Hetty looked he came in from the yard and sat down on the doorstep, pulling vigorously at a short black pipe the young girls gaze reverted to the banker A sudden longing came over her to hear him speak, and at that moment his clear, sad voice broke the silence, thrilling her like nearly for gotten music " Pecksley," he said, " Hardwick is quite out of sight by this time, isn't he ?" "Mr Burrot is mumbled Peeksloy, not taking the pipe out of his mouth " And you are left alone in charge ? I noticed that you were careful not to mention the thou sand dollars I paid you Shall we resume our negociations at the point at which we left off? Do you still want to earn the scion thousand dollars I promised you?" I don't mind having seven thousand dollars," said Pocksloy, removing his pipe and carefully knocking off the ashes with his horn) fore finger "But, to tell the truth, our positions is changed, and so is my 'pinions What looks in one light to a prisoner afeared of having his head blowed off, looks quite different to a person as fools him self master of the situation. There's the pint of the whole matter " " But your master has not paid you well," urged the banker, " while, if you will free and and may you shall be paid in gold as soon us your services are rendered And there is a great difference Pookslev, as you must realise, between molloy honestly games and such a urges us you receive from your master "(That's all fine talk," muttered Pecksley, " but I can't so dreadful delicate and squeamish about where my money comes from us you seem to think The boss and Wix and me have been in some scrapes, and I reckon 'wouldn't be fair to go omen in this matter I shouldn't want them to go agm ino Besides that, the boss knows things about me I don't care tolmie pub- lished in the Alta and so on but the great point of all is, that I'll fare 119 well if I stick it out 011 my present line as if I played traitor I don't know what game the boss is up to with you, but I reckon he's after a big sum of money, and in that case it's my part to hold on if he knows things about me, I know things about him, and I can make more out of my knowledge than he can out of his Wliutovor he gets I shall share, so you can spare your breath," added Peeksloy doggedly), removing his pipe to his mouth "'won't do no good to talk to me, Mr Preble " "Mr Picblo1" thought Hetty "It must be the San Francisco banker Adrian must have telegraphed to him about Mrs Preble's disappearance, and he has come up here only to fall among thieves Perhaps Mr Ti evil is one of the three highwaymen, and Peeksloy is another, and they have captured and hidden him here, intending to make him pay a heavy ransom. 1 must rescue him " She had come to this determination when the banker spoke again, offering larger bribes to Pocksloy, and entreating him to free and aid him " 'Tv, won't do '" said Pecksley dogg By You can talk all night, but you won't move men peg. I can make more by sticking to the boss, and anyhow, I stick " "At least then," said Mr Preble desperately, " loosen my bonds They cut into my Hush " " Can't do it," mumbled Peeksloy through his pipe, as it seemed "If you were free, you might make 11 strike for liberty Buds without wings don't Hy You're safer UB J OU am, in case I should drop off to sleep in the night " "You do not intend to keep me bound so tightly all night ?" ejaculated Mr Problo " You would not treat a dog so Why not lock me up in some secure upper chamber, if you for my escape, and so permit me little of Sodom of motion ?" Pecksley seemed horrified at the suggestion " Lock you go up stairs?" he repeated, as if men od unions "This house inhabited. I wouldn't no more go up stairs thin I'd fly I've heard enough about the ghost that live here, and I see quite enough of the house, as it is," and he glanced around the 1 itching I don't want to see no more than this room " " That is foolish talk for 11 grown man," said Mr Preble. " Are you so ignorant 113 to believe there are ghosts up stairs ?" "I've seen them us have soon the ghosts," declined Peel stay, as if settling the argument beyond all question "I don't want no expo notice of 'our myself I wouldn't go up stairs even in the day time for all you're worth, and I don't want no more talk on the subject " The fact was evident that Pecksley was 111010 than usually superstitious on this point, having the usual honor of the ignorant concerning ghosts, so Mr Preble ceased to urge him for butter accommodation As for Hetty, her face glowed with a sudden resolve us she behaved once saw a way fowlhouse the unfortunate bankes Arising, she crept silently up the stairs to her late prison Entering the room, she went to the boland stripped from it 11 course white sheet which Ben Greddley had brought is our they've Fork 'Tavern This she wrapped closely round her, pulling it over her head and allowing it to trail on the Moor " I must look like a ghost now she sold quised Yet, to mate 'ussuimicodoiibly allied I won't show myself till about dark Ben Greddley won't be home before midnight I am positive, as he won't dare to leave the tavern by daylight I shall have plenty of time " She crept down the stair way again and resigned her post in the hall by the kitchen door 'The sunlight was fading now "It's almost night," Peel Bloy was fining uneasily "I don't much like the idea of spending the night 111 a dainty d house And this I itched is so pi sky chill and damp he'll give me the Rheumatic " "it IS damp," said the banker, Bhivoimg " Why don't you light a fire ?" Pdkslcy meditated an instant, and decided that the hint was worth it ting upon He mum dintely set to work gathering the materials for a fire, and piled them up in the old fashioned first place, lighting a paper at the base of the heap with his pipe " This is more like it," he said, 111 ugiiunblmg voice " But the idea of a bro in summer To £11 warm at' This ere home is like a vault or a tomb Seems as if I couldn't get the chill out of my bones below '" Yet, notwithstanding appearances, he made the effort, prod ming a small flask from his pocket, from which having lamond the pipe from his mouth he imbibed a goodly quantity of liquor "I thought you told your master you had no whisky when you? ' remarked Mr Preble "So I did," rejoined Peeksloy, with 11 wink and a leer "But this was one of the in rates where ' ignorance is bliss' to him What he don't know won't worry him I only chose to spare his feelings " the banker leaned back on the bench, aching in every joint His bonds out into his flesh A (loop sigh, that was almost a gi one, can read him it seemed to him IIB if, with his terrible next ties added to his bodily misery, he should 1,0 mud " If the fellow would only got drunk, or go to sleep," he thought "I would then try to roll over to the Bro and burn the cord that holds my hands together But he will do neither no is too cautious to got drunk, and too afraid of ghosts to sleep " In this conclusion he was right Pocksloy had no intention of going to skoj>,*and thus leave himself at the mercy of possible spcetrcB Be sides the same idea had occurred to him as to the prisoner in regard to burning the ropes that hold the latter captive, and he was on his guard against such an attempt to sol ed out his pipe and put it in his pocket, and then sauntered to the door, opening it. The short twilight had begun The grey shadows of evening were settling down lightly and softly over field and gulch and 1 oud Peeks loy leaned against the door post and looked out, muttering a wish that Wix could have shared his disagreeable vigils " But he'll be here 0 to-morrow to relieve me, when that fellow John is disposed of," he added. "And I sha'n't droud staying here so thou Good company makes all the difference in the world. And now to take care of the horses " He made sure that Mr. Preble's bonds were secure, and then went out to the stable The twilight had matured into evening before his return, and the kitchen was dark save where the red glow of the fire illuminated it "It's dark '" announced Pecksley, coming in, and leaving the door as if " I suppose you'll have some supper, Mr Preble? We've got plenty of provisions Pity I forgot to get some bundles '" he set about preparing the supper Hetty had waited patiently all this while, but, now that it was dark, she began to grow uneasy and apprehensive of Ben Greddley's arrival. Every sound she heard she fancied the sound of an approach "I cannot wait longer" she murmured anxiously "Every minute of delay brings me nearer to danger I must move now '" She opened the door abruptly and entered the kitchen. TOUR C INTIMI! D 1 MR SIMS REEVES made his first appearance after his return from I talk, in the Messiah, at St. James' Hall, London, on May 25 An editor in Fayette county Mo , attempted to blow his brains out with a revolver, but every barrel missing fire, he became disgusted and lcsoVied to live "WH w did you think of my speech 9" asked a man it was a great speech-the best speech level head delivered by a man who knew so little about his subject " laboring man who was " lonely since his mother died ' is all right now His father married a widow with five grown daughters, and they gave a party ey or) night A QlXAiiEicur N-V merchant who lately advertised four clerk who could bear confine mont, has been answered by one who has lain seven years in gaol Couiiasiiu -A youth that was placed once said to a wag, " My love, I'm afraid, is beginning to flag " Oh, think not of flagging," replied he, "I pray but choose the best method of paying your way " 1 cha II ACKs -" Bai bur," said a farmer to his consort, " now corn's cheap, you ought to shave for half price " " Can't, Mr Jones," said the 111111 of razors " I ought 11 ally to ohm gc more, for whom coin's down farmers make such long fates, that I have twice the ground to go over. Now that the ladies are having everything their own away, it is said that printed declara- tions, with blank forms, are to be used by young ladies who have loy is too modest to propose the ladies themselves fill out the blanks, and, of course, no sensible man can refuse signing them " IT'S a deeper' thing," said old Joe Smy furs, " 11 despite' thing that are young couple, who've been billing' and room' and making' eyes stone another for 12 month, have now gone to the monster and got a permit to see if they can't keep it up for a lifetime '" AN exchange teemed the following advertisement for publication -" Where As My White polly 1911)- has Left in bed And Bored with Out Many good Kuure, hoosuraover Will tuiBt Her III my Court I want Pay him - James-" la has been ascribed to the Queen, that on us! tug the Duke" what kind of boots he had on, and on being answered that people called them " Wellingtons," she exclaimed " What impudence! Where shall we find a pair of Wellingtons, I should like to know ?" MINDFUL of the traditional relationship of dog to Bautngo, 11 waggish rhynie pens the following "ode" to his favorite puppy On the pill for the wilful pup I Drinking, his milk from 1 chin 1 up fell and allied, 1011111 HO frisky and Free 1 was gnawing a bone then failing), a lieu J lillipilli, ItltlllllllK Min the pony llunitllnit imp you will soon be Bologna A good) story is told of a young man who applied to 11 local hotel for a situation The landlord informed him that there was but one place vacant, that of lamp eleanor The questioner in copied the situation, observing that he would like something as remunerative as per cable, as he was once a clerk, spoke four do Her gift languages fluently), Ac " Oh' that's of no consequence," said the unappreciative landlord; "HUB business won't require you to speak but one language, and mighty little of that " Some time ago a man was charged in the Glasgow Police Court, with stealing a herring burial from 11 person 111 Stockwell street After the charge had been proved, the accused time addressed the magistrate " Deed, sir Daiho, the men at the bar is a great rogue , the dealing on' the barrel is nothing to some of his tricks no stole my BILL bred last year and what does your Honour think he din wit? I'll tell you He brought it into an) um shop, in' an) um came out and offered to bill luck as he thought it would be of' much use to me thnnonybody also " SHIP mi by WHY-A singular scene lately occurred at 11 meeting of ladies at Day) ton, Ohio, United States Miss Susan Anthony, of woman suffrage motorist), had Hindu the usual speeches on this subject after- which 11 lady proposed a vote of thank 1 to M in» Anthony " for her fifty years of stable her seducer, and for twenty years' BOIHCIS 111 woman's cause " This well mount compliment, however, was declined by Miss Anthony without thanks" A Mrs. Livermore, in trying to explain the unfortunate 11 solution, plainly told the lady to whom it 10 fi rred that she ought to have been married. '1 lies (upon, two mu told, the excellent Bpinstor replied with 1111,0 and for half 1111 bom denounced man with 11 returns s which indicated that her soul was in it she could not abide the marriage illusion" The storm was finally allayed, miles high it is hard to see how by the adoption of the following singular proclamation -" the single) ladies of the West enlisted in this cause, would like to tender Miss Susan B Anthony a vote of thanks for her recent celebration of her fiftieth billiard 1} making single blessedness, even at lilly, an honorable position, showing to the world that 11 single woman can have a home an im nimm isn't) as will as maimed people. It is decidedly) encouraging to those who are compelled to remain single from choice AililitriMSYiá - D. unkiiinies 11 culled " suffering' from wot (I cents" in Chicago A New York nil at rehint killed himself because an unix) cited increase of business in 110) ed him 1 oonah fellow '-A contemporary has a diBceinm ' criticism of " Tennyson's best work on fire) On el "-I well know 11 JOUI mist hung up his stocking on Christmas, and his wife put a ban) 111 it, whereupon he said, " My dear, dam that stocking ."-Ytiinipuloivo)oung man 111 Hampshire county, Mass Johnsons at a church down in meeting the other night, prayed for a blessing upon the young ladies letter n whom he had been sitting, " especially the one on the light -An old farmer, whose son had lately but, answered by a neighbor, who began to condole with him on his loss. " My loss'" explained the lather, no such thing , it is his own losses was of age " ABultiiuoin woman sent li 1 grocer the following note "Mr 1 little this hero thing has got too much hump 111 it for molasses, and not quite enough for 11 clothes' line, SO I beg y oil will exchange it for a purer article -Speaking of a most t guinea they unity of White Pine, Noy and, 0110 inner remarked "Why, its u reg'lar typhoid j" well cross upon a comrade patronisingly remarked to the b) stands s " He's an three not outs , no means yet on '"-A Minnesota paper has introduced a new feature a report from two prominent physicians of its town of the condition of their patients, their names is always, 10.0 All are report to d to be " improving " eoiivnloBOUig," " convalescent " " gaming " doing well," or " getting hotter " A Massachusetts mayoresses in his annual message -" As the nights horizon of the present is made glorious with its hi anning rules of opportunity, so in) the street both of the future, by the refractive millions of faithful duty, greet us with its gorgeous panoply of prismatic lights furner in Cincinnati recently conserved the brilliant idea of sowing a man up in the skin of "a grizzly" und sending his best man out to distribute shop bills As the kindly animal provided down the street, with a club in one hand and a bundle of iron 1rs in the other, children fled, women screamed, dogs barked, horses rounded milk, cart was demolished, the police rushed to the rescue, the boat was marched to the mayor's office, and the outer pi laing dealer in skins found himself most nobly and gratuitous!) advertised in all the newspapers next morning. V? 