THE LADY'S COLUMN. POPULAR WOKEN. I (fbou thb batdbdat eeview.) I I The three chief causes of personal popu larity are the admiration which is excited, the Bympathy which Is given, or the pleasure that can he bestowed* We put ont of court for our present purpose the popularity which accompanies political power or intellectual strength, this being due to condition, not quality, and therefore not of the sort we mean; besides, it belongs to men rather than \-- > .ninwo, n MauwgB w men rawer tl to women, who seldom hare any direct po .v?^ii^5.^l4T?nC8 °.tb?ra- ""1 still seldoi intellectual public ~ >irer lomer ttoal strength enough to obtain a following because of their confessed supremacy. The popular women -we mean are simply, those met with in society, women l whose natural plaoe is the drawing-room and whose sphere is the well-dressed world, women who are eeovhataeaUy ladies, end who understand let convenances and obey them, even if they take up a cause and practise ] philanthropy or preach philosophy. Bat the popular woman rarely does take up I a oaase, or make her philanthropy I wnsjlcuoua or her philosophy audibte. Partisanship implies angles, end she has no angles. If of the class of the admired, she is I most popular whois least obtrusive in her claims and most ingenuous in ignoring her superiority. A pretty woman, however pretty, if affected, vain, or apt to give I herself aits, may be admired, bat is I never popular. The men whom she snubs I sneer at her in private; the women whom die eclipses as well as snubs do more than sneer: those only to whom she is graciouB find her beauty a thing of joy, but as she is distractingly electric in her favouritism she courts as many foes as she has friends: . and though those who dislike her cannot call her Qgly, they can call her disagreeable, and I do. But tbe pretty woman who wears her beauty to all appearance unconsciously, never suffering it to be aggressive to other women, nor wilfully emplojiog it for the destruction of men, who is gracious in manribr and of a pleasant temper, who is frank and approach* able, Mid does not seem to consider hemelf as something Bacred and set apart from the world because nature made her lovelier I than the rest-she is the woman whom all | unite in admiring, the popular person par excellence of her see. 'l'be popular pretty woman is one who, take her as a young wife (and she mutt be married), honestly loves her husband, but does not thrust her affection into the faoe of tbe world, and never flirts with him in public. Indeed, she flirts with other men just enough to make I time pass pleasantly, and enjoys a rapid waltz or a lively conversation as much as when she was 17, and befoie she was appropriated. She ; dues not tbink it necessary to go about morally ticketed, nor does she find it necessary for her dignity or her virtue to fence herself round with coldness or indiffer ence to the multitude by way of proving her ! loyalty to one. Still, as it is notorious that she does love her husband, and as every one , knows that they are perfectly ooitent with | each other, and therefore not on the look-out I for supplements, tbe men with whom she has those innocent little jokes, those transparent secrets, those animated conversations, that confessed friendship and good understanding, do not make mistakes, and the very women belonging to them forget to be censorious, even th/yngh she is so much admired. She is a mother too, and a fond one, so can sympathise with other mothers, and expatiate on her nuneiT in tbe confidential chat over 5 o'clock tea, as all fond mothers do and should. She keeps a well- managed house, and is notorious for the amount of needlework she gets through, and of which she is prettily proud, not Doing ashamed to tell you that the disss you admire so much was made by her ownfcanfe and she will give your wife the pattern if she likes; while she boasts of even rougher upholster? work which she ana her mud ana her sewing-machine have ,got through with despatch and credit. She gives din^withacocMofOiwrown, andthatbave mlstresi and organiser pi her household. Yet diM to leep abreast with the current BMrattoeof the dsjr, and never has to confess .attoB^Stois not a woman of extrem^eirs She hps not signed improper andshe doo* not 4jsmmlr1«*IW,r ions; «fa* does not go to lor i hta ; she has ahonor of tacfiily qfj 1 be. Uksa. to U scUrfwd, and she Is |r to fait hattlf be loved: sbo to mum** >UCh M quiteas WffWW i wijeui fibein amona the most popular.&nd; the; most beautiful. Her nature n gentle; ber; b flections large, ber passions a in all; she may; have prejudices, but tbey are ladylike preju diced of a mild.kifld, mainly'on the Bide of. wodesly and tenderness and the quietude of womanhood. She is woman throughout, without, the faintest dash of the masculine element in mind or manners, and she aspires to nothing else. She caries with her an atmosphere of happiness, of content, of spiritual completeness, of purity which is not prudery; her life is filled with a variety of interests, consequently she is never peevwh through monotony, nor yet, on the other band, iB she excited, hurried, utorm-driven, as those who give themselves up to " objects," and perfect nothing because, they attempt too much. She is popular, because she is beautiful without being vain, loving without being sentimental; happy In herself, yet not indifferent to others ; because she understands her drawing-room duties as well as her nursery ones, ana knows how to combine domesticity with social splendour. This is the best type of the popular pretty woman to whom is given'admiration, and agaiDBt whom no one has a stone to fling or a slander to whisper: and this is the ideal woman of the English upper-class^ home, of which, thank heaven, we still raise a tew specimens, just to show what women may be it they like, and what sweet and lovely creatures they are when they are content to be as nature designed them. Another kind of popular woman is the sympathetic woman, the woman who gives in stead of receiving. This kind is of variable conditions. She may be old, she may be ugly; in fact, she is more often, both than neither, but she is a universal favourite not Withstanding, and no woman is more sought after or less wearied of, although none can say why tbey like her. a She may be married but mail , abroad »»», - t . the pressure of the home life, ana her sym pathies are her claim to popularity. She is Bin cere, too, as well lis sympathetic, and she is safe. She holds the secrets, both of opinion and deed, of all her friends, but no one suspects that any one has confided secrets to her before himself. She has the art, or rather the charm, of perpetual spiritual freshness, and all her friends think in turn that the fountain has been unsealed now for the first time. This is not artifice; it is simply the property of deep and inexhaustible sympathy. It is not necessary that she should be a wise adviser to be popular. Her pro vince is to listen and to sympathise, to gather the sorrows and the joys « others into ber own breast, so as to soften by sharing or heighten by reduplication. > Moat frequently, too, she is not over-rigid in her notions of moral prudence, and will let a love-sick girl talk of her lover, even if the affair is hopeless and has been forbidden, while she will do her best to soothe the man who has had the misfortune to get crazed about bis friend's wife. She has been even knowB, under pressure, to convey a message or a hint; and of the two she is decidedly more pitiful to sorrow than severe to wrong doing. She is in at all the misfortnnes and maladies of her friends. No death takes place without her bearing part of the mourn ing on her own soul, but then no marriage is considered complete an which she has not a share. She is called on to help whenever there is work to be done, if she is of the practical typev if only of the mental. Bbe has merely to. give up her own pleasures and her time, that she may look on and sympathise. Every one likes her, every, one. takes to ber at first sight, no one is jealous of .her, and the law of ber life is to spend and be spent for others. It not unfrequently happens though, that she who does so much for those others has to bear her own burden unassisted; and that she sits at home surrounded by the spectres of despair, the ghosts of sorrow, which she helps to dispel from tbeir homes. But she is not Bel fish; and while she trudges along cheerfully enough under the heavy end of her friends' crosses, she asks no one to lay so much as a finger on her own. In consequence of which no one imagines that she ever suffers at all on her own account; and most of her friends would take it as a personal affront were she to turn the tables and ask for that of which she had given BO much to others. She is the moral anodyne of her circle, and when she ceases to soothe, she abdicates the function assigned to her by nature, and dies out of her allotted uses. Another kind of popular person is the woman whose sympathies are m<ro snperfiaal, but whose faculties are more brilliant; the woman who makes herself agreeable, as it is called-tbat is, who can talk when she is wanted to talk, listen when she ib wanted to listen, take a prominent part and some responsibility or keep her personality in the background, according to circumstances and the need of the moment; eminently a useful member of society, and popular just inpro Eortion to the pleasure she can shed around er. But she offends no one, even though she is notoriously sought after and made much of; for she is good-natured to aU, and people are not jealous of those who do not flaunt their successes, and whom popularity does not make insolent The popular vroman of this kind is always ready to help in the pleasure of others. She is a fair-weather friend and shrinks with the most charming frankness from those on whom dam days have fallen. She is really very sony when any of her friends fall out from the ranks, and are left behind to the tender mercies of those cruel camp-followers w toe march of life-sorrow or sickness; but she seels that ber place is not with them-rather with the singers and players who aw making things nleaBant for the main body. But if she cannot stop to Inaooththe pillows of a, dying-bed, or soothe the troubles of an aching heart, she can organise delightful parties, set young n eutxftlis&tion; of other Jbows » wwis^opijfor the hack seat or the front-as is most con venlent toothers; sheepahine.atithe»W« dinner where yon want a serviceable show, ot mie a dive^on in the quiet/not to say stupid, conglomerate of , fogies, wtere jou wanta lively element s prevent universal stupor; she-talks eaiilyand well, wideven brilliantly when on.fcer mettle, Jrat not £he sympathetic one, the chances ore that, popular as she is now, she will be shunted to the side wh£n bfer time of brilliancy has passed; and that, when her last hour comes, it will .find her without the comfort of a friend, forsaken and forgotten. She is of the kind to whom etc tramii more especially ap plies ; tuid if her life's food has not been quite the husks, at all events it has not been set viceable or enduing bread. 