LITERATURE. A BATCH OF RECENT NOVELS. LEONOKA CASALONI ; Or, Tho Marriage* Secret. By T. Adolphus Trollopo,-author of " Gemma," &c.; STRETTON. A Novel. By Horny Kingsley, author of "Ravenshoe," &c;, &c.; THE DEAD GUEST. A mysterious story. By Hein rich Zschokko. Translated from tho German by George 0. Mac Whortor, M.A. THE HABER-MEISTER. A talo of the Barngian Moun tains. Translated from tho Gorman of Hermann Schmid. WATERLOO. A Sequel to Tho Conscript. By Erck mann-Chatrain. THE SACRISTAN'S HOUSEHOLD. A Story of Lippe Detmold. By tho author of " Mabol's Pro gress," etc. etc. With illustrations. "LEONORA CASALONI" bears tho name of Trollope on its titlo-pago. But T. Adolphus Trollope is a much cleverer man than his brother. Georgo Elliot has AvrittenthemostadmfràbleEnglish-Italiannovel. None other stands bosido it. But aftor it comes Adolphus Trollope's ina creditablo rank. Ho is notaman of high imagination, but ho is scholarly, philosophical, and pootic in temperament. His method is sinvplo, his characters are not striking, not great, but natural and interesting. He is, porkaps, to bo compared with tho pleasant author of " Tho Initials," or with Sourest. «' Leonora Casoloni" is a clover story, not absorbing, but never dull. It is a picture of the Italy of forty year ago, an Italy which revolution, railroads, liboral influences and tho roign of law aro fast banishing from oxistenco. Mr. Trollopo lovos tho ripo physical beauty of Italy, as well as ho loves her lifo in her art, in her literatura, and in her children. And that which is fair to him ho roproduces in fairness, so that his stories have the warm atmosphere, the color and bloom of the beautiful land. Aftor " The Initials," one felt that he had spent months in Bavaria, and after "Gonrma " and "Leonora" ono has lived in Tuscany, and Rome, and tho mountains. Adolphus Trollope is almost as minute in his touches as Anthony. Per haps Italy saves him from being as tedious, but we would rather think it his imagination, becauso that glorious niinister is so commonly ignored among the innumerable tale-wrights. If there are few great English novels, thoro aro hosts of creditablo stories of society, and manners. When are wo colonists to have any ? " Not while wo aro colonists," we fancy we hoar from some admirer of Dr. Lang and indepen dence. Another, less advanced in politics, liints that we havo no " society." While the verdict of tho world at largo concerning us is an echo of tho verdict of the philosophic tar of tho Western Islanders, " manners they have none, and their customs are disgusting." It may still be said that there is much in oui-lifo that is dramatic, much that is distinctive and character istic. Wo have several clever story-writérs, but only ono of them has, as yet, offered us a regular three-volumed novel. Fortune and fame await the coming man : double fortune and fame if Providence heeds tho adjuration of tho young fellow in the play, and " makes it a woman." " Stretton" is a story of college youth, of quiet country life, of India of course-for what English muscular novel is complete without India--and of final felicity-the unnecessary fellows remembered at the proper moment by palo Death, and the more inte resting ones coming out unscathed of danger to rosy content and easy competence. But these students roar through the book like a whirlwind. That they are born with their fists doubled up, they take as a sign thatthey are to go throughlifo in the same pugnacious attitudo. They are manly to the last degree. They are expressly called so, and they think themselves so, and tho reader is overborne with a sense that they are so. Then, in contemplative mood, ho analyses their manly sum, and finds it to consist of muscio, imflmching courage, a dogged determination to have ono's own way, tho fighting instinct of a Zouave, and politeness to a pretty woman. This is tho young Englishman of worth and birth, the Englishman who lives in a castle and shoots over many entailed acres and has a seat in Parliament. The women we know. Aunt Eleanora is strong-minded, and able-bodied, of better strain than the mon because capable of sublime unselfishness, but coarse for all that. The others are not worth much. The book is Charles Rcadishin a cortain tendency to epigram and je:':iness, to tho theatrical in situation and expression. Ai. ' is not the bettor for it. To bo Charles Reade is I. ' the most audaoious, brilliant, amusing, exci ting . .\ub.-.i-Lui tobo like Charles Roade, there bo people, and people ! Tho Kingsleys do not write dull books, nor silly books. Thoro is variety, action, strugglo, a rude common sense, a brightness which is almost brilliancy, from initial letter to final period. They have a real love of nature too ; tho lovo of the naturalist rather than of tho poot, perhaps, with a responsiveness of mood which belongs to the pootic temperament. But there is an underljöng coarsened, too. It carno out in the Eyre business. It comes out in a cortain unconsciousness of tho finer uses of lifo. It comes out in the heroes inevitably, and in the hero ines not infrequently. And ono. loses patience, that men who seo so much in lifo and character fail to soo so much moro. For all that, " Stratton " is a very interesting novel, and listless peoplo will lose then1 listlessness for an hour or two, if thoy invite them selves to its forcible pages. Just why, now a days, such a libraiy of German novels translated into English, and of English novela , whose scene is laid in Germany, should he offered us hy the London press it is not easy to tell. It is not many years sinc6 Carlyle introduced Goethe to English readers, and now we are likely to know the social lifo of Germany in palace and hut, in city and hamlet, as familiarly as we know that of England. Per haps the Prussian war or the marriage of tho Princess Boyal reminded her Majesty's subjects that there was an almost unknown nationality over the narrow sea. Perhaps the appaling fecundity of Mrs. Mull' ubach disclosed new mines to the exhausted novelist. However it be, for the last year or two of making German Btory-books there has boen no end, and much moro studying of thom will be a weariness of the flesh. It is a pleasant change, however. Wo havo long drawn tho lees of English life, and hardly more than tho scum has yet risen in tho decanting of our own rich but unripe wine. We read French novels and Fronch plays, in translation, at least some of us do. But wo don'tread much German. Boarding-school girls do not catch pretty phrases in their little nets of memory like tho butterflies oe French conversation which they impale, and they turn shuddering away from the rugged alphabet and tho ruggeder grammar. So, on tho whole, most of us know rather less of the Germany of to-day than tho indefatigable gontlemanwhojhaving laboured through Ollendorff, landed at Bremen, convinced that he spoko Gorman liko a " dem'd native," and was astonished that nobody asked him in careñdly divided syllables, " Have you seen the bell of the brown cow of the sister of my grandfather P "-to which he was propared to roply, in equally symmetrical German, " I have not seen the bell of the brown cow of tho sister of your grandfather, but I have seen the silver pencil-case of tho daughter of the notary of your father ;" but who, finding that neither brown cows nor pencil-cases were tho staple of conversation, and. unable to conjecture in what unknown tongue, of what xudmown thing, these voluble barbarians were talking, fled back to England in the same ship, and cursed Ollendorff to the day of his death. So we owe a debt to Mr. MacWhorter, to other craftsmen, and we wish it were larger. Mr.MacWhorter has translated two shorter stories of Zschokke's German, as quaint and humourous and bright as his imagination. Wo got tho story, but we lose the light by which to read the story. In this English it is worth tho reading, but it is only a rather ingenous, rather clover, very fantastic, and quite impossible romaneo. We think it is an honest ghost, but not an interesting ono, this " Dead Guest," and his antics soon cease to amuse, while Zschokke's "Dead Guest" made a delightful sense of horror run in cold chills down yoxu' back. This business of translation is a delicate matter, and one for which publishers pay very mean prices. That is the reason, .we imagine, why so many young ladies take to it. But then every young lady is not fortunate enough to have a papa who is able to dip his hand into the public treasury; and an ordinary trans lator gets worse pay than a copying clerk, and being xxsually driven by poverty not only to take the price but to hurry the work, the result is a very melan choly one. Now the translator should be a scholar as fine, as ripe, as sensitive, as the author. He should be in closest sympathy with the author. He sjhould know the foreign language as he knows his own; not its deep roots and strong stem alone, but all its lovely growth and sweetness, the idle tendrils it has thrown this way and that, the juices of tho soil' that have fed it, the airs from other climes that have blown fragrance and strength to it, the stern seasons that have wasted it, and tho long periods in which it has grown, and throbbed into fullest life, and flowered, and fruited, in ever richer splendour. The truth is that men who know French cannot afford to translate it for the public, because in a day they could dash off an article which pays them as much as tho long and severe labour of a volume of Hugo or Georgo Sand. One of those who, fortunately, having to keep from tho door no animal more savage than a graceful hound, does sometimes give his readers a book of an author whom he loves, but the othors prick off tho wolf with their unresting pens and translate stories more or less good for miserable pay. Most German translations are at best but negatively good. They escape grave errors, but they oscape also the sinewy flavoured force of the original-when the original is so fortunate as to have it. If publishers would but diecover that tho poople would gladly pay for admirable foreign stories, essays, poems, aaLnxir ably translated, rather than for the weak, washy evexdasting flood of "oiiginol" matter which drowns out the sparkle of most of our magazine and weekly papers, they woxdd themselves pay such prices as shoidd command the work, and find their profit in it. "The Haber-Meister " is a sketchy story of a curi ous Bavarian experience. The Haber-feld was a secret society instituted in the dark days when justice was too high a thing to belong to the common poople, and when so shadowy and irresponsible a tribunal as this ignorant star-chamber was the best protection tho vulgar could hope. The story is simple and common, the birth of the heroine being involved in the usual mystery, and the hero discovering the secret at the proper moment. The rustic life and uncultured power of the Bavarian farmers are picturesquely described. " Waterloo" is tho third of the Erckmann-Chatrain series, and the sequel of " The Conscript." It dis plays the same delicate genius which secured the success of the former two. The translation is, in some respects, better than either of the others. It is evidently most conscientiously correct. But either this very endeavour has fettered the translator, and forbidden him the airy ease of the original, or he lacks imagination. So, while he is clearly familar with spoken French, and therefore often gives us much lighter dialogue than we have had before, there is a certain primness and exactness about the whole which do not belong to the Erckmann-Chatrain series at all. But we are glad enough to get a translation without foreign idioms, and glad enough, too, to got these simple and noble stories in their popular form. " The Sacristan's Household," by the author of "Aunt Margaret's Trouble," is a very charming story. It, too, is German, its scene being a province as large as a handkerchief, and properly proud and high minded. The studies of character are bright and fresh, the movement of events is natural and direct, and the quaint and homely village life so lovingly and faith fully revealed that we know all its odd ways and odd people, and like them as well as their clever historian would have us. The lady has a quick sense of humor, too, and a delicate touch of satire The Court Circles are very magnificent and funny. The little Cinder ella is so enchanting a small drudge that one is delighted when the tap of the godmother's cane is heard and the big yellow pumpkin turns into Her Grace's coach. All the more enchanting is she in not caring for the gilded coach, after all, but thinking that love, and home, and Otto, are better things. It would not be hard to exchange the coach for Otto, however, so the little maid is not so heroic, for Otto is a royal sort of a fellow, though lord of his presence and no land beside. We have not for many a day read a pleasanter tale than this of Lippe-Detmold. The young author is fast coming to be counted among the host of the second-class of English novelists. 