ORDINATION SERVICE. An ordination service in connection with the Wesleyan Church was held in the Archer-street Chapel, North Adelaide, on Friday evening, January 28. There was a large congregation. the edifice being crowded. The proceedings having been commenced by singing and prayer, The President of the Conference (the Kev. Goo. Hurst) read the customary address to the candidates for ordination — the Revs. Chas. Thos. Newman, Jas. Young Simpson, and Jas. Spence — who had been previously formally introduced to him by the Rev. B. Chapman, after which they were called upon to speak as to their conversions, and to state their reasons for believing they were called to the ministry. TnetHetr. Mr. Newman said he gave bis heart to God when a Sunday-school scholar, and since then he had lived in the enjoyment of His love. About nine years ago he felt that he must preach the Word, whereupon be be came a local preacher, and as such was instru mental in bringing souls to the Saviour. At first he was disinclined to enter the ministry ; but the conviction that he ought to do so grow ing stronger, he offered himself and was ac cented. His determination was expressed in he verse :— ' I would the precious time redeem, And longer live for this alone; To spend, and to be spent for them _Who have not yet my Saviour known. Fully on these my mission prove, And only breathe to breathe Thy love.' The Eev. Mr. Simpson said he was the son of pious parents, who were members of th« Pres byterian Church, in connection with which be was brought up. Ho was led, under the ministry of the Kev. Patrick Simpson— a Presbyterian clergyman— to consecrate himself to the service of God, and from that time to tbe present he had never doubted his acceptance. He loved the Church of his fathers, but he loved the Methodist Church more. Feeling, after bavin? been some time a local preacher, that he was called to be a servant of God, to proclaim His truth, he offered himself to the Church, and was accepted. He entered the ministry deter mined to save himself, and to endeavor to save others by his teachings. The Kev. Mr. SPEKCBsaid he owed all he was to the grace of God. He grew up in darkness as regarded his spiritual welfare. It was not until be was about 15 years of age that he felt tbe need of a change of heart, but for three or four years he resisted the strivings of the spirit. However, he was convinced of bis oaagerouB condition during some revival services in Ire land, and subsequently found peace through the blood of the Lamb. From tbe time he was converted to God he was convinced the ministry was his providential path, aud the consequence was he offered himself, and being accepted had since labored not without suc cess. The Pbestdenx then read a description of the character of the work for which the candidates w«re to be set apart, prominence being given to its importance andthe responsibilities connected with it. At the conclusion of this, prayer was offered, imploring the Divine blessing upon the candidates, upon each of whom there was then tbe imposition of hands, the words addressed to them by the President being — ' Mayst thon receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Christian minister now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands, aud be thou the faithful dispenser of the Word of life, and of His holy sacrament, in tbe name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Afier the candidates bad re ceived the sacrament, The Rev. W. L. Bores (the ex-President) de livered to them the charge, which wasa mostable iddressrepletewitb judicious ad vice. He specially besought the candidates to make Christ the constant theme of thsir preaching, and to guard against speculative theology, reminding them that if anything they should say caused a hearer to doubt them, todisbelieve.andresulted in bis being lost, bis soul would be demanded at their hands. Towards the close of his re marks he said — Most earnestly and devoutly do I pray God to help you in this great work — that His grace may be sufficient for yon. I trust that there is a bright future before you. May the spirit of God rest upon you, and may It make you able preacher* of the New Testa ment The proceedings terminated in tbe usual manner, the service having been rant solemn and interesting. 