UNDEft THE SPELL. CHAPTER XXVII. IT rKEDEHICE. WILLIAM BOBIKSON. •^UTIELAKCEFORD and his fair relativ found a goodly muster of company assembled in the theatre to do honour to the amateur performance in the evening. Literary, artistic, and even dramatic celebrities had been lured thither by the report cf Mr. Lance's histrionic talents,—which the members of the club had not been slow to promulgate,—and the representatives of the aristocracy were not few and far between. Literally, this was a fashionable night—one of the nights of the great London season. It would be the talk of the drawing-rooms for a few weeks hence, and those who were prevented from attending would find themselves shut from the inner circle till a new event gave them the chance to take the foremost rank. Possibly there were not many in that theatre expectant of any great exhibition of talent; or who put their trust in country newspapers, or amateurs' assertions. Still there was no small curiosity evinced to' see the new Othello; and as the part of Desdemona was to be played for the first time " by a young lady," one or two of a hardhearted race were congratulating themselves on some fun and a break-down. Seated in a private box, between Amy and his aunt, Willie began to feel a little nervous; to imagine himself in Nathan's place, and shudder at the idea. AVhat would become of his nervous stage-stricken brother, when he advanced to the footlights and faced that terrible ordeal—a critical London audience ? He did not believe that Nathan could bear up against it; for in his heart the estimate of Nathan's genius was not high. He might do for Enderfield House, and a private party of friends inclined to be lenient; but to go slap-dash at the world was a terrible feat, that might bring the aspirant to the ground without a leaf of the bays which he coveted. Willie would have thought more of Nathan, and felt a deeper concern, if Amy Pembercast had not been so near him. At her side his ideas were always a trifle confused, and he could think of little else but how pretty she looked, and what a lucky fellow he had been to take the lead in the race. He had every chance of winning the prize—he could read that in the blue eyes into whose depths he looked so fondly now and then. Still, Willie could but feel somewhat anxious concerning Nathan's success, for he did not like the idea of a Lanceford failing in anything, and he cast one hasty glance round the boxes to niake sure his brother Edmund was still absent, as the orchestral band commenced playing and the audience began to assume attentive attitudes. The last notes of the overture at an end, a flutter of expectation amongst the white neckcloaths and the opera cloaks, and then . . . . 4 _ - _ ' the street in Venice, and Eoderigo and Iago treading the boards, lioderigo uncommonly shaky at the knees. "It's Harry Perks, Amy! I'll swear to that Eoman nose of his through all the false hair and rouge. To think of meeting Harry Perks again in this fashion ! " Harry Perks and Eoderigo did not make a very excellent beginning. Harry Perks was heavily weighted with his part; but he WBB of an ambitious turn of mind, and not inclined to play second fiddle to anybody. A certain amount of nerve kept him cool before his audience, and rendered him at least a happy contrast to Eoderigo, whose " stage legs" continued bad, and whose speeches were accompanied by a kind of Castanet movement, attributable to teeth chattering. Willie Lanceford paid little heed to the preliminaries; he was awaiting his brother's appearance, and not particularly charmed at present by the performance. He whispered to Amy that if Nathan did not make a better beginning than the gentlemen before him, it was all over with his hopes. "But Mr. Perks acts very well, Willie," Baid Amy. "Mr. Perks wanted to play Othello, only he was outvoted by the members of the club." " Harry Perks play Othello—that's a good joke! " and Willie laughed so heartily, that Amy felt inclined to be offended at his rudeness. The first scene had not come to an end, and a juvenile specimen of a Brabantio, who had tried hard to look older than one-andtwenty and failed, was Still gesticulating wildly, when a stir in a private box facing Willie's attracted his attention. "Brother Ned!" he could not help exclaiming aloud, " how glad I am to see him. here » in time: I am cure Nathan will He stopped soliloquising, and looked at Ned's companion intently—a handsome lady, elegantly dressed, who was a stranger to Willie, and evidently on good terms with Willie's brother. Decidedly not Kitty Dornton. Probably, thought Willie, who was inclined to leap at conclusions, one of the rackety young ladies of whom Edmund had spoken. 0, dear! he was very sorry; bat this was not like the Edmund Lanceford of some years ago. " Knocking about to wn " had done him little good, he feared! Willie was more interested in the occupants of the opposite box now than in the stage business ; he could not understand how a man engaged to be married should be far away from the loved one with so handsome a lady for a companion. He saw that Edmund Lanceford was in excellent spirits, and that the lady langhed'at all his remarks, and buried her face in a bouquet that would have majle six of Amy's. But he fancied even at that distance that the true spirits of Ned Lanceford were not there, and once as he looked away from the lady at his side, there was a weary look upon the feoe, which Beeing life had Tendered pale. Edmund's quick eyes detected Willie after a minute or two, and he nodded his head familiarly towards Mm Wore he turned to the lady again. Willie was concerned about two brothers ftw, and as the scene changed, and he knew Nathan's turn had come, he felt his interest u Edmund grow for an instant weaker. 2s hoped Nathan would succeed, although raeucceed or fail mattered little to a LancefoM, with plenty of mpney at hiscommand. He could imagine at that moment the ®j§°ny of a firet appearance to one whose hfe and fortunes were staked upon the firaifle hope of popular favour. A round of ap- Ptouse by way of encouragement to start, as «athan Lanceford stood before the audience Shakspeare's immortal Moor. He was and presented a fair Impersonation of UtheUo; there was but one faltering moveadvanced, which was instantly "P^wed—then hie atop had ffignfyiud firmness The first brief words in reply to Iago told of self-possession, even of consciousness of power; and the audience seemed to wake suddenly to interest. es There, was a strange silence throughout the house as Nathan Lanceford, amateur, stood at the bar of public opinion. Edmund Lanceford broke off his conversation with his fair companion, and resting his arms on the cushion of the box, leaned as eagerly forward as his youngest brother. It was already apparent that Nathan Lanceford was an amateur above the average, and amateurs above the average leave a great many professionals behind in these times, whatever Edmund Lanceford may think to the contrary. For in this world of hard work and playing at work, there are some amateurs in science, art, and literature, that ought to be professionals, and well-worn threadbare professionals, who would have remained amateurs all their lives had they not understood the art of impudence too well. It waB in the council chamber that Nathan began to convince his audience that it was not the poor ambition to masquerade for a lew hours in strange clothes that had brought him to the footlights. One could imagine the young actor to have dwelt long and earnestly on the Moor's wrongs, the Moor's character—to have studied Othello's inner life from the undying words of the great bard. There was no mistaking the earnestness with which he performed; he was no longer Nathan Lanceford, he had forgotten that young gentleman altogether, and his soul was at work in his bold defence of Desdemona. And when his Here comee the lady, let her witness it, concluded his defence, and brought the new Desdemona on the stage, it was evident the night was to be something more than an amateur performance, and that more stars than one might shine in the Bame sphere. A young dark-haired Desdemona, such an one as Othello might have loved and gone mad for in old times—a Desdemona whose beauty elicited a murmur throughout the house, and whose want of self-possession was conquered less soon than Nathan Lanceford' s. As she appeared, an old lady in the stage-box watched with intense interest the 6cene, and Edmund Lanceford pushed his chair back from the front, and glared at the heroine of the night as at a phantom. And no 'phantom beyond the heartless, garish world in which he sought his happiness could have startled him so much or have iced his blood 60 thoroughly. Was it not, too, a phantom from a world he had quitted—a purer world, where the atmosphere was less enervating, and the dweller therein less disturbed by passions conflicting and unholy? Surely that phantom had j . - - ,••-„,. dwe^ ln a f ". aw u7 wo ', ld 5> f ^ °wn-a trni* world n oc as lina^Qinahln unattainable « as a the Hsvn/4 dead hopes and vain illusions belonging to it—where he had been happy and believing, and had a youth's rash confidence in that happiness enduring. For many minutes he could not glance towards the stage again, after the first fascination had been overcome; he looked down into the pit with forced composure ; he bit his lip and stared across the house; he moved his chair still further back in the box, and left his companion alone and unattended. Once she looked towards him with surprise, and asked some question, to which he replied by a shake of the head, and without meeting the deceitful brightness of the eyes that were turned in his direction. Perhaps it was well for the Desdemona of that night that she played her part without much attention to her audience, that she was more the young wife of the Moor of Venice than the Cicely Mernott of nearly six years since. How far the phantom from a past world sho had quitted would have affected her chances of success it is difficult to guess. Six years are a long time to keep a faithless lover's memory green ; but it was well perhaps that she did not glance towards that white face in the box so close to her—old associations might have disturbed her, and much depended on her chances of that night. It was not only a question of fame and name, but of living; the stage was to become her profession, OB it had been that of her mother. Time had worked its change in Mrs. Mernott's fortunes and intentions— they had both broken -down together. We may know the how and why a little later in this story's progress. :.• The play proceeded. Miss Mernott overcame her timidity, and acted forcibly and well. The act drop descended. There was a buzz of conversation in the house, and the merits and demerits of the debutants were being freely canvassed. When the performance commenced again all waB bushed attention; and even the slight mistakes and errors in stage business of the majority of the amateurs were forgotten, for the sake of the two stars so strangely starting at once from obscurity. Willie was still perplexed with Nathan's genius, and inclined to fear that his success would turn his head and make an actor of him, although he applauded as loudly as the rest, and was as anxious to intoxicate Othello with applause as anyone in the theatre. In the middle of the third act he thought of Edmund again, and looked towards his box. Edmund was not visible; and the lady who had accompanied him was picking her bouquet to pieces with a very unamiable expression of countenance. Suddenly Willie's box door opened, and an attendant entered to say that a gentleman in the lobby wished to epeak with Mr. Lanceford. Willie, with a hasty apology to Amy and hiB aunt, hurried into the lobby, preceded by the box-keeper. He was fearful that Edmund was ill, or that Nathan had suddenly broken down with excitement at the wing, and wished to favour him with a few parting words before giving up the ghoBt. He came upon Edmund at last pacing np and down the lobby, and tearing one white kidglove into long narrow strips as he walked. "Willie, Fm going. I can't stancl the' heat of the home, its noise and excitement. I want you to aee Nathan immediately after the tragedy, and bring him to the hotel to receive my congratulations on his success. Mind you bring him; and let him know also that I have been an attentive observer from the beginning. It may please the stagestruck old fellow. Willie, he has gone ahead of ns Lancefords. He has at least done one thing well." - "Yes, hut " Willie began, hesitating. "But ifs a strange thing to excelin! Well, we're a strange lot. You. will not forget to bring Nathan ? " " I will see him directly after the tragedy. Whether I shall be able to accompany him to the hotel is rather doubtful. I am with the Pembercastfl, and must escort tbem home." " I had forgotten the Pembercasts. True, you must do the amiable; and it is hard to fly from Circe 60 early in the evening. Well, we shall see you some time before cockcrow. Have you a pencil handy and the back of an old love-letter ? " • Willie produced his pencil-case, and his pocket-book by way of substitute for the tender epistle inquired for. " I should not run away till it was over if I felt better, Ned," said Willie. " Who says I'm better ? " " Your spirits seem on the rise again." " I must keep struggling to rise, or down I go to the bottom. It will not do to think too much to-night. Frivolous, foolish, bitter, stern, everything by turns and nothing long, Willie." " Do you really feel ill ? " " My head aches; my brain is dancing all kinds of mad jigs," said he, wildly. "I'm like a nervous woman who thinks a good scream will do her good. It's the late hours last night, or the water party to-day. Time to get married off hand now, Willie. A fast game is a losing one, with not a trump in the hand but the king—the king of terrors, as the poets say. Here, box-keeper!" He had been writing rapidly during his equally rapid conversation, and as he concluded his remarks he tore the leaf from Willie's book and folded it notewise. "Here, box-keeper!" to the functionary who responded to his call, " take this to the lady in box 23, please." " Any answer, sir ? " • " Not any. Look alive." "That lady is " Willie began. "No one I shall ever introduce Willie Lanceford to," said he, with a short laugh that betokened no merriment. " The best company and the most indifferent character of all the lair Phrynes who Bailed up the river to-day with my friends and acquaintances. I am glad to be quit of her, though. She will think me a great bear; but my head aches, and I must be alone. I'm only tired, nothing more." " Is it any good asking you to come to my box ? I am very anxious, Ned, to introduce you to Amy. So many years have passed since you saw her last, that I shall introduce you as a new acquaintance." "Keep her out of bad company, Will. u revoir." And Edmund Lanceford hurried away, leaving Willie to return to the side of his lady-love, whose charms had so little attraction for a hair-brained brother. Willie found the new Othello and Desdemona had made still further strides in public estimation since he had parted from them. The audience had been worked up into enthusiasm ; the house was ringing with applause ; and the cries for Lance and Mernott (it was now known throughout the house that the new actress was the daughter of one who had been famous in the same profession several years ago) to appear before the curtain at the end of the third act were not to be subdued but by the presence of the parties called for. Willie could have wished that night that Amy Pembercast had shown a little of the general excitement, and not have sat by his side so calm and ladylike and unmoved. He would have preferred the pretty Btatue interested in the fate of Desdemona, and inclined to scratch Iago's eyes out. He felt far more moved himself, though there was so much to distract his mind from that enchantment which a true stage artist throws around us. No wonder his brother Edmund's head ached; especially after a water party where the wine had been flowing freely, for his own temples throbbed unmercifully. He was proud of Nathan's talent, and excited by bis success, and yet he kept forgetting his brother and believing only in the Moor of Venioe, till some peculiar tone of his voice reminded him of home, and set him thinking of the Limes and the father of that tall, bespangled figure who maintained such mastery over the emotions of his audience. Then there was Mrs. Pembercast to console; for her nerves were not so strong as her daughter's, and the tragedy of Othello was too much for her. She sobbed and choked at everthing, and kept dashing off her blue spectacles with her lace handkerohief in thoughtlessattempts to wipe her eyes. Altogether Willie had a great deal on his mind, and he was glad when the fate of his brother and Miss Mernott was decided, and voices were calling and recalling them, and it was raining bouquets from the boxes, and frantic stage-goers in the pit were waving their hatB and cheering lustily. Ah 1 it is a grand event to the luoky ones who achieve these great successes ; it is a memorable sight to those who witness it. Few and far between are the triumphs that pave the way and make smooth the road to greatness. We can afford to be a little boisterous in our greeting when great writers, statesmen, actors, singers, win the laurel crown. In the first moments of their triumph our heart shares with them their satisfaction, albeit we are toiling far below them on the hill ourselves, and may never reach the summit. I don't say that we are not jealous and discontented afterwards—one or two-of us. Willie had to apologise again for leaving the Pembercasts, and to state his reason for so doing; and ten minutes afterwards, when he had fought hard, bribed heavily various officials, and stated fifty times that he was a brother of Mr. Lance's and had important business to transact, be found himBelf tumbling amongst side-scenes and stage debris towards the dressing-room of Mr. Nathan Lance. He found Nathan divested of his Venetian garb and Moorish complexion, and looking very pale and commonplace by contrast. "My dear Nat, this has been a great success indeed! Heaven knows whether it will turn your brain, spoil your prospects in life, bring down on your head a shower of paternal reproaches; but I muBt congratulate myself on having a brother a genius, and him on a success next door to miraculous." ."Thank you! .1 never expected a triumph," said Nathan, blushing like a girl. " The people grew blind to my faults and were not discriminating enough. Miss Mernott deserved all her laurels, but I—I have much to learn." . "To learn! • Why you never intend, Nat to Btick to this masquerading?" 'fit is a -noble profession, and thereia a great chance before me/' replied Nathan, evnnnralTr evasively, " A chance of alarming your friends and relations, and disgusting Mr. Lanceford." " A chance of making the stage something higher and better than it is ; of pointing the moral and adornicg the tale, in lieu of degrading it to the level of common minds, by stupid farce and extravagant burlesque." " Your mission is not to reform the stage, e Nat." ' " Why should I not attempt to make it the moral teacher again, Willie? I have means, time, and energy." " And ability for the matter of that; but I don't like the idea." " Well, this is not this place to discuss the matter," said Nathan } " and I have an engagement to " " Before you talk of engagements, I have a message to deliver from Ned. He was here before you made your debut, and has attentively watched your progress. He is anxious to see you to-night, and begs that you will sup with him at his hotel." "Not to-night.". "You don't think anything of his hard words . on amateurs, yesterday ? He was sorjy he had wounded your feelings." " Oh ! I don't think very deeply of Ned's hard words. He thinks as little of what he says as of the result of the wild life which he leads. I am not flattered by the patronage of my elder brother; and I wish he had not been here to-night with his strange looks—his strange companion." " But you will go to his hotel as soon as you can ? he fully expects you, Nathan." "Is anyone else expected? " asked Nathan, with his old nervous look. "Your humble servant, that is all." " Well—I'll come." Willie spoke a little more of Edmund to Nathan, of his good qualities, and that new recklessness that was going so far to spoil him. " You and I together, Nat, must do our best to turn Edmund from these now moods and doubtful acquaintances. We mustn't spe Ned going down the hill without an effort." " No," said Nathan, decisively, " Better to be married to Kitty Dornton than go wrong." " Yes, I think so." Willie went away convinced that he had Temoved the little difference which had existed between his elder brothers, and interested Nathan in the future fortunes of one, who despite his faults and heedlessness had been a general favourite all his life. He proceeded at once to the box where he had left Amy and her mother, and found a frpsh- coloured, large-whiskered young man talking and laughing very pleasantly with them, and Amy Pembercast looking far more animated than when Othello was smothering Desdemona. " What, Harry Perks!" " My dear Lanceford, how are you ? " and a white-gloved hand was languidly placed in that of Willie's. "Very well, thank you. How well you are looking, Harry. What a time it is since you and I have met. I'm so precious glad to see you! " was Willie's honest exclamation. "Ya'as." Willie dropped the hand of Mr. Perks, and looked hard at him. Willie was not a slow youth, and was quick to detect a coldness or a difference; and he saw at once there was a difference between the present Perks and the Harry of old times. Harry Perks was a good fellow, rather big and bouncing, perhaps; but then he was a head boy, and the master was inclined to make much of him. But this Perks was a prig of a fellow, with a drawl that curdled his blood, and a languid, lackadaisical air that had the contrary effect, and warmed it rather too much. Willie fanciod after a few minutes that he could detect a patronising air about Mr. Perks, and patronage was a thing that Willie had never been able to pnt up with. Great heavens ! this was an awful change in a man. Was it possible that Harry Perks had turned out such a wretched specimen of humanity ? Willie had always trusted to find Harry Perks the heaTty being he had left at school, as if schoolfellows were not liable to change, and grow up sometimes the very reverse of the good fellows left behind at their desks and task-books. Still, the first meeting'(required time to 'develop character, and perhaps he was looking " at him with jaundiced eyes, for " " he was by Amy's side and monopolising nil h>>r attention. He talked of the tragedy, and Perks as Iago; and Perks said, " ya'as" again, and thought it was good fun ; and rather implied that Othello was his particular forte. " Amateur theatricals are all very wa'al— very wa'al in their way; but the fact is, everybody wants the best paTt. I gave up Othello myself because your brother wa'as so particularly anxious to distinguish himself." " Ah! and he did distinguish himself too," said Willie, quickly; " and I'm sorry, Perks, you lost your chance of shining. Better luck next time, perhaps." " Ya'as." Willie sat down somewhat flushed by the side of his aunt, and left Amy and Mr. Perks to the front seat, and their exclusive conversation. He kept bis eyes and ears open though; he had A right to do that, being Amy's lover, with a hope of making her his pretty young wife some day. He let his aunt take the lead in conversation, and answered chiefly in monosyllables, - and looked down on Mr. Perks's hair, which was like a great girl's, parted In the middle—the milksop. Heigho! Time changes' all things, and reverses many favourable opinions. Here was Willie Lanceford setting Harry Perks down for a milksop, and the old idol of hiB boyish worship prostrate and shattered. He would be glad when the farce was ended, and the green curtain down for good. And yet Willie Lanceford was not jealous of Amy; he was savage with Harry Perks's affectation, and hurt that Amy had no more consideration for his feelings than to leave him to AuntPembereast and her bine epnctacles; but there was none of that frightful moral weakness, the giving way to which causes murder and suicide—tide the tragedy of that evening. He would look forward to the morrow, when there would be no Mr. Perks between him and the sun, when he should be happv with, Amy Pembercast .all to himBelf He was looking forward to the morrow, when Mr. Perks, who had contrived toaooompany f them home to Bupper, was the lion of the ! evening, • and i waB still . by Amy's . ... side, and . . he indulged in quite a philosophic train of reasoning when he went away to his hotel and left that smooth-faced old schoolfellow of his still prancing in the field. He had implicit confidence in Amy, and he was not going to be jealous so late in the day. Things had taken an important turn since the days of Black Moustache at Melcombe Regis, and it waB too late for the green-eyed monster after the balcony scene and his explanations with mamma. Victory!—he was a Lanceford, who had made up his mind to be happy in hiB loves. CHAPTER xxvnr. Will Lanceford was surprised to find Edmund still alone when he was ushered into his room at the hotel. He was more surprised to find him sitting at the table with his arms folded thereon, and his old friends —or enemies—the decanters, thickly mustered round him. Willie had not Btood at the door a moment, speculating as to the probability of his brother being asleep or not, when Edmund changed his position, sat back in his chair, took up a cigar, and looked towards his brother as he lighted it. "Come in, young ghoBt," was his first salutation. "No Nathan yet?" said Willie, closing the door behind him. " You expected to find him here, then ? " " Yes—he promised faithfully to come." " Then he'll turn up if he promised," said Edmund; "I had a strong idea you were both playing rae a trick." " Was it likely?" "Everything's likely to-night—dull brothers turn out geniuses; ghosts rise from spirit land; the present sinks into the past, and man's future breaks into nothingness and wrecks him. 'It's a mad world, my masters !'" " And brother Ned's not the saneBt party in it." " Sagacious being !" answered Edmund, drily. " Come, Ned, a clean breast of it," said Willie, taking a chair near him, and letting his hand fall on his arm, "what is trou- bling you? Be penitent, and confess to a disgust of this new, artificial, heartless life of yours." " I confess to an extra bottle of wine at the water party, nothing more—save and except," he added, "a change of liquid here, which has done for me. Never mix your wines, Willie, it's the worst of habits. It makes a man a fool." " Why don't you go to bed, and see Nathan in the morning?" "For what have I been keeping these late hours, do you think, but to see him tonight?" " But your business is not very important?" " No," said Edmund, after a long pause, " it's not important. It will do no good or bann; I've nothing to say to him— nothing." He reached out a trembling hand for the decanter; and the action, the position in which he sat, even the ppnuliar hard look upon his face, reminded Willie of a similar scene years ago, when Edmund was a romantic youth, with whose first passion a fathor had interfered. Willie could almost fancy he was at the Limes again, that Edmund had returned full of wild unsettled thoughts, and that only a few rooms distant, down the corridor, were assembled the drawing-room guests. And yet to look at Edmund intently was to dissipate that illusion—the youth's face, stern as it had been marked then, was not the deep-lined countenance of that man of the world near him. Willie was still wondering what had tended to disturb Edmund, or whether this was his brother's usual manner now London had engulfed him, when the door re-opened, and Nathan made his appearance. " Well, you have not been in a hurry to hasten to the fraternal embraces, Nat," said Edmund; "surely an enthusiastic publio did not encore the tragedy ? " "No," said Nathan, in his usual subdued tones; " I have been detained, that's all. I hope I have not kept you waiting very long ? " "The time has seemed lone, Nathan," answered Edmund ; " but then I have been anxious to congratulate you on your very grand success." " You should have waited till the end of the tragedy, and come with Willie." " I was ill, and out of sorts. Fm out of sorts now confoundedly. Here, Bit down Nat, and drink. I want to talk to you of the Rtn.ee—vour past and future struggles on it. Will you smoke?" " Not to-night, thank you." "Don't basin looking at that cursed watch," said Edmund; " I grant no leave of absence ' till daylight doth appear,'" But you forget " began Nathan. But you forget, Nathaniel the stagestruck, that this is the night of your first appearance, and of my last. This is a little farewell benefit of mine; won't you support me?" " Certainly," said Nathan^ regarding his brother dubiously. " To-morrow Fm off' in earnest. Off abroad with Kitty Dornton under my wing. I've tried all kinds of life but married life— that last resource will break or make me, Nat—gness which! " Fm a bad hand at guessing. It's not the best matoh in the world, I have always thought." "Oh! it don't matter whom I marry," said Edmund, carelessly; "I'll make the good lady that is to be comfortable enough in my way. My Omphaleia a quiet, homely wench, who will not expect to see Hercules always spinning at her feet and talking nonsense. Try the madeira, Nat." Nathan -filled his glass at Edmund!® request, but suffered it to remain untested at his elbow. " Intoxicated already—eh, Nathan, with that applause which sent me off with a racking headache and a delightful confusion of ideas ? X hope Miss Mernott bnre her eham of the laurels with composure? " " It was a.great success!" "This has been a night of marvel B. . Two first appearances, and both successful," remarked Willie. " My first appearance in public, Willie, occurred seven months since, under a strange name, at a country theatre,", vaid ; Nathan. "But I have played Othello en, many times now, that I ought to^xnake something out of . it.,; Wait till Mr. Laooe iroo- ceeds in something else before you talk of triumphs." . " Is th is Miss Mernott's first appearance ? " inquired Edmund. " Yes." Nathan, in a manner that seemed a little egotistical, attempted to turn the conversation to himself and his success again. He did not care to discuss the merits of Miss Mernott's acting. But Edmund was firm to his own choice of subject also, and some remarks he made drew -Nathan to a topic less selfish. " That old mother of hers I had a better - opinion of," said Edmund, with acerbity. " A rich old woman who has. earned money sufficient to keep herself and daughter in good circumstanoee, should have had more prudence than to have thrust that daughter into a world of meanness, jealousy, - and temptation, however high the order of talent. " All worlds are full of meanness, jealousy, and temptation; why make the stage an especial object for attack, Ned ? " "I say that there is more vice and more temptation in a dramatic profession than in others. I say Mrs. Mernott knows that. She is an old stager herself, and has been a witness to much sin and sorrow." " She has borne a good name amidst it all, Ned," eaid Nathan. "The world has never meddled with her name, or done anything but honour her for the talents exhibited in public, and the virtues that adorned her private life." " Still she must have found it a strange world, and seen much therein to shock her. She could not have imagined it the most proper sphere for a young and innocent girl to be launched into. I say that old woman Was wrong!" And Edmund Lancoford's hand came with a heavy bang on the table. " One moment, Ned, before you judge her," said Nathan, rapidly warming. "I, know more of her story and her daughter's than yourself. You are too rash with your assertions." "You know Mrs. Mernott?" "Yes." "And her daughter, Cicely?" . . "I know them both," said Nathan, with a blush that was not unheeded by his excited brother. "Sound the trumpet, and cry up their virtues. How have I misjudged the mother?" "Tho mother's wish was not the daughter's. The mother decriod the.stage life—the daughter was anxious to commence it." " Good heaven, how changed ! but go on. Why did this daughter long for the glare of the footlights, and the applause of afrivoloiis crowd ? Had the story of her mother's success turned her brain ? " "No ! but the story of her mother's loss, of her mother's fortune being suddenly stolen from her by an unscrupulous solicitor, set her thinking on the best means of .preserving that mother from the poverty that threatened her." " And this is the best means!" said Edmund, with a sneer. " She inherited her mother's genius, and the stage offered to her the best chance of a rapid success," continued Nathan. " Other professions would have been diffioult to succeed in, and have parted her from the mother whom she loved. After much reflection, much reasoning with her mother, she chose the stage. I think her choice was wise." "Itwasraeh!" "The stage and its temptations will not harm Cicely Mernott. A pure-minded, true-hearted girl passes through a]l danger unscathed. There iB no reason for your fears." ' For my fears ! What have I to fear if a woman loses all sense of modesty and takes to masquerading? She is no Mend of mine !" ' Miss Mernott is a friend of your brother's, I would have you remember, Edmund ! " said Nathan, gravely. " A friend of yours ? How long have yott known these Mernotts, theo ? " " A considerable time now—two years perhaps," said Nathan; "still, it is only within the last three months that I have been on friendly terms with them." " And you have discovered in Cicely Mernott the pure-minded, true-hearted girl who is to pass through temptation like an angel of light?" Nathan's brow contracted a little at his brother's galling tone; but he anBwered quietly— •Yes." 'Yon will find her like the rest of. the world, Nathan, easily impressed, readily : moved, quick to encourage a lover, or to throw one aside in silence and scorn, accord- - ing to the mood she is in, or the lies she may hear. Is there a worn an" in the world untrained in the art that deceives?" " I should hope so," said Nathan. " Don't wager a pocket-piece on that hope, then, or you'll lose it." " Ned Lanceford, you are a cynic tonight ; a Juvenal without the wit or thB power to crush the women you condemn. Go to bed—sleep off the effects of the wine, and rise to- morrow with a' better opinion of the opposite sex." " My opinion is unchangeable," said Edmund. " No matter, it is worth nothing," responded Nathan, coolly; "it is based on false premises, it takes its colouring from . indifferent society. You may speak from experience, Ned—I don't doubt it:; but leave me to have faith in friends of a higher order than your own." .. " By all means," said Edmund/ with a dignified wave of his hand, as if Bnch gracious permission were at once accorded; " granted, Nathan Lanceford, tragedian. . Keep to your faith in actresses' virtue, in your belief that the stage is the best school for young ladies* education, and that stage acquaintances, a matchmaking old 'woman and a volatile daughter, are friends so iar above mine that I am not worthy to judge them." - " Were you anxious to bring me here tonight for theeole purpose of insulting me ? " cried Nathan. " I wished to offer you my brotherly, advice ; to congratulate you on your success; and to warn you to reach no higher for fresh laurels lest you break the neck of a lanceford before the fitting time arrives." " I have no wish to quarrel; but I cannot understand yon. You may be innulthijr me method or by ignorance. You may be . more drank than X. believe. ing! 1 ' • Nathan rose. ' " Won't you try that madeira ? " " No." " Are yon going 1 back to • the Mernotts ? " "Not to-night." " Are you in love with the dart-haired daughter of that name ? ' Take care ! take care!—she is fooling thee!'" sang Edmund Lanceford. " Good evening!" ' And Nathan, determined to keep his temper,'crossed to the door. "Tour faith and chivalrous devotion will ebon give 'way' 1 if you torn to this phantom for love, Nathan; 'she. will not trust in your vows, -or believe in your honesty one instant, after'the-words of the slanderer have beta hissSfl in her'ear. ; Take my warning, Nat, atad-^gobd evening!" 1 "Toil know these Mernotts?" said N8thtra* 7 " I have heard of them," was the evasive answer. : " You have no right to condemn them by hearsay. It is you who' have liatened to the'words of the slanderer. Ned, Ned, you are wrong!" "So beit—consider me wrong, Nat, and let UBdrop the subject. Oome and sit down agaiD." " Too late'—I am. tired." . « ,; Tou and I, Nat, are old Mends—true brothers," said Edmund, in rather a maudlin manner. Yeareago you gave me a' turn,andlhave neverforgotten it. Tou're a good fellow at bottotn, and won't leave me to drink all this madeira alone. Come and have a smoke, and make yourself jolly. I'll eay no more of the Mernotts." " You forget that I have been playing Othello, Edmund." "And you forget this is my farewell benefit; in truth I go away to-morrow, and leave no sign for many months to come. Don't throw UB overboard so early in the evening, or morning—which is it ? " "I will see you early in the morning, before you go," said Nathan, still firm in his resolution to withdraw. "See what a good example William Ernest sets you." "William Ernest must be moving too," said Willie, yawning. " What a man you are for late hours, Ned!" "Who wouldn't prefer late hours to toBSing about in a bed where no sleep comes, no reBt is felt? I'm a child of sis years old that detests its bed like poison. I've an nneaBy conscience, like Macbeth or Richard the Third, Nat; I murder sleep! Don't go, I have moro to tell you!" "No." '" About the Mernotts—about my past life, and the pTBBent, which is mad and reckless, and in which I am killing myself. Come back! " he shouted. Nathan -hesitated. For a moment he stood irresolute at the open door; then he closed the door again and returned to his Beat..' . " Now about the Mernotts—what more of them, Edmund?" " Ah! you- thought there was something more in the back-ground," said Edmund, filling his glaes and emptying it off at a gulp; "right you were. ;There's, a secret. Don't go, Willie; you knew the begin niug of. it.years ago—hear all about the end." Edmund had turned very pale, and his bloodshot .eyes were full uf fire. As he reached his hand again towards the decanter he felt Nathan's hand on his pushing it aside, and met a face as pale as his own and eyes as glittering. "Finish your story, before you drink again.'.' ". There's. not much to tell you, and I must keep the steam up. Well, if you are firm, I give way." And . he leaned back, in his seat, and watched Nathan shift the decanters out of his reach. "Ifyou are firm, Igive wayl" Had this heen.the maxim of Edmund Lanceford: throughlife, and . had . following, it marked him for ruin ? "You remember? the. old story in which no names were- mentioned—both of you. How it all ended, .thanks to Mr. Lanceiord, and what a reckless fool it made me. I won't repeat it; you knowno good to me or others came of it:. See what l am now, and then Bay that I never, felt deeply, or had a serious thought. Nat .L&ncefcrd;, Cicely Mernott was my first Jove; the only girl I have ever loved, by God! Don't you hear??' ; , . r"I hear," Nathan, answered, hollowly. "My father hatched some lies which she and her mother'were weak' enough to believe.' They etaowed their trust in ine by leaving me without a word. She,'who pretendedto love'Trie, conld i not: wait one word of'explanation,"jbut: left me to my own desarn '' 'My J cnrses .on thei folly that could Euild taJhi>peB<in'.woman'siearnestneBS and faith. ThBie?s Ihe' story; haven't I a right to, pomple.in"j-to M drink—to marry Eiity Dornton, after that? Haven't J a right to rail at women, after ibeing made their dupe —torail at'Cicely Mernott, and her mother in "particular ?•'?. • '' "You'have no right to set' down your faults J and follies' tb ' their charge," said Nathan; " to make one mistake, perhaps on both* eides, finiwerable ' for the life' 'you have led, and the reckless act you would coming 1 ; "' <• -i •' •••" ^"Marrying Kitty; Dornton is the only hObonVable nbt'of my life : . I'll do that with 1 ; oiiPtftperithig'!" v < Aid -yet -Miss Mernott is the-only girl you ha i ve'everloted, i "' I eaid Willie. "The only one., upon''my "soul!" cried Edmund.. "I; ! Vh6ug;ht I hrid' fewApt her from' jny' ! heart,—thiit '1 Ws' only fc'bioy wberijWed herfirs't, ^nd thtitit was easy to*f&^£'\>yt Srbfeni'-fcHe Started" into iifee fephbttrs Vipee/'T liiioW bettw. "'And'WWj' sbe'rb tCn ' abtrfeBB, iand she might'have been m^tffa'ftnriniiifl'irfept inefrbfuthe wJte'^WHt^ra'feTi^ttitik' ofrme^what b deVilish falsehoods were tbldLof mo—to inakn hei-flit-o^mo'off without' a word? 'What does she think of me now.?—wretch that l ; ariif"' " ' • . ; V"- v '" " He'covered his face' with! his' hands,: and thendronppd heavily forwards onthe.table, and n miiah'efl.' ; Willie' looked ~ across ' at Nathan;' who cat''pale end silent," his dark ey^lrtejiaily regarding-bis p|der brother. •t i :nn,l « ^ ^ Z xr„v p »• "''Wtkf eiabe'done, Nat? b " Let him^/y^h,'' Ba^d ; Nathai ; '"it may e nf^Wjarurik," mormuTed-Edmnnd, ; p timH^'Tin nbt a bit » l'iri -iri ; i 5 «he hart-woHd,>nd i " Go'to your room. You and I will talk of this to-morrow." "I have done with the subject for ever." " No, no—not till I have revived it once again and learned what is real feeling, and what is maudlin sentiment. You and I must understand each other, Edmund, this once in our lives." " My path is chosen ; let me follow it." " Follow it blindly and foolishly you will; but it must not cross that of others, marring fresh lives and casting on old foul aspersions." "Nathan lanceford, you love that girl! " he cried, looking fiercely up again. " I do not own it—I deny it not. Leave the story as it is until the day be a few hours older," replied Nathan. " I may find you to-morrow a changed man." " A villain—always a villain! " "I will call here at eleven—will that be too early?" " Say twelve." Twelve be it," said Nathan. "Goodnight!" Edmund mechanically extended his band, and shook that of his brother, and then Nathan bade Willie good-night, and went gravely and slowly from the room, and down the broad staircase to- the entrance-hall, where the drowsy night porter let him out. into the street. Nathan Lanceford gave quite a sigh of relief when he felt his feet ringing on the deserted pavement, and the cool night air blowing on him. He was glad to be alone, for he had much to think of, and the story of bis brother's life had troubled him. A few hours before he had had many hopes in his own future; now all seemed dark as the night in advance of him, and his successful dehut seemed years ago, when his heart was full of lighter thoughts. He walked on with gloomy downcast looks, like a man in a dream, and the policeman that tramped past him, and the flaunting wanderers of the night that flitted by, were all parts of the vision which he heeded not in his progress. Like a man in a dream hurrying away from evil and ungenerous thoughts, he walked on rapidly, with no heed to time or place in his eagerness to escape. He had never been a slave to self; in the depths of his grave silent nature there had lain much noblebut he thought much of self that night—it was always prominent and at his aidb to bid him turn against that brother, and study his own happiness. What had his brother ever done to him but treat him with indifference, or evince now and then a flash of affection, that like the lightning left all darker than before? His brother had sown ' his own troubles— let him gather them ! Was he to rise and help him reap the harvest he bad been sowing for himself—see himself alone amidst his baffled hopes, and his brother with full granaries ? A few words might turn the scale either way now, and he felt it hard to dash down in the balance the one great hope that had brightened his own life, and see the chances turn against him—and for whom ?. For one who had been wild and reckless, and might mar a second life—who was even engaged to be married—yet for one who had loved Cicely Mernott, and whom that Cicely might be loving still and mourning for!— He did not know vet, he badun ri^ht to know. Might he by a word save Edmund Lanceford from himself? See the bright looks return, and know it was the brother of old once again at his side—by a word, and yet begrudge it? Yes, for he had no confidence in Edmund Lanceford now; he would believe that brother was sinking: surejy ruin, caring not whom he dragged to the depths with him. He would think that, for it made him stronger in the new purpose he had formed, to strike one blow for hie own happiness before some wild net of his brother's should dash it away. For the first time in his life he felt his hand was raised against that brother's, and his heart was hardened to his trouble, (lb be continued.) . CROWN .LANDS SALE. AT THE POLICE OFFICE, COROWA. . On Monday, 19th August. COUNTRY LOTS. LOT A, 72 acres 2 roods, lot B, 83 acres 1 rood, lot C, 71 acres 3 roods, lot D, 89 acres 1 rood, county of Hume, parish of Corowa, adjacent to the south-western boundary of Willis's conditional purchasesof S5J-, 54J, and 46 acres. Lot E, 98, acres, lot F, 122 acres 1 rood, county of Hume, parish of Corowa, adr joining the western boundary of Willis' and Brown's conditional purchases of 160J, 148£ and 75J acres. Lot G, 148 acres, county of Hume, parish of Corowa, adjaoent to the northern boundary of Margaret Gallagher's conditional purchase of 187J aores. Lot H, 82 acres 3 roods, lot I, 53 acres, county of Hume, parish of Corowa, on. and near the northern side of road from Corowa to Albury, at its junction with -the road to Coreen, opposite Kepgh's portions; lot I exclusively of a road 1 chain wide. • Lot J, 44 acreB 1 rood, county of Hume, parish fif.-Corowa, on the right bank of the Murray 1 River, adjoining the western boundary (Of FarreU's conditional purchase of 65 acres; selected by John , Fitzgerald. Exclusively of a road 1 chain wide. licit K, 40 acres, county.of Hume, parish of Corowa, adjoining' the eastern boundaiy of Barne8'.60 acres, about 6 miles northerly from Corowa. . Lot L, 42 acres' 20 perches, county of Hume, parish of Corowa, between S. A, Meyers's portion No. 5 of 80 acres and Kennedy's conditional purchase of 60 acres. • • : Lot M: 133' acres, county of Hume, parish bf Cprowa; on the right'bank of the' Murray JEtiver, adjbining the" southern and western 'boundaries of Bevy's portions of 120 and 40 acres; liabje'to'intanaation. .. LoVN, 17r«feres, counter of Hume, parish f 'Xiuat Qtiafa, ' adjoining the northern boundary of May's conditional purchase of 207 acres; exclusively of a road 1 chain trade. i Lot O, 52 acres, county of Hume, parish bf Quat Quata, 'on the right hank bfjan anabranch of -the Murray River, adjoining the o southern boundary of Pearce's llOJ acres ; liable to inundation. , ! Lot P, 41 acres, county of Hume, parish a f QuatQuataj on the left bank of sin anabranch of thB Murray' Itiver, adjoining the c F astern bfiundaiy of Smith's conditional a urchase of lOO acres ; exclusively of a road a ljchain wide! 'TAMMS to inundation. * iTkdnO-aniiTO87,flCteB*D iood 24 perches t ffiei ii ptniBhtjf l! i - adjacent to the eastern boundary of Piggin's conditional purchase of 320 acres. Lot S, 76 acres 2 roods 33 perches, lot T, 40 acres, county of Hume, parish of Kentucky, adjoining the western and southern boundaries respectively of A. Lawrence's conditional purchase of 140 acres. Lot U, 100 acres, county of Hume, parish of Collendina, on the northern side of the road from Deniliquin to Albury and Corowa, between West's and Gibbs' conditional purchases of 100 acres each; selected by Patrick Dunn. Lot Y, 80 acres, county of Hume, parish of Sandy Kidges, adjacent to the northern boundary of Michael Monahan's conditional purchase of 214J- acres. Lot W, 40 acres, county of Hume, parish of Sandy Eidges, adjoining the western boundary of Honora Monahan's conditional purchase of 70 acres. Lot X, 66 acres 3 roods, county of Hume, parish of Sandy Ridges, adjoining Monahan's conditional purchases on Brocklesby Tun. Lot Y, 79 acres 3 roods, county of Hume, parish of Sandy Ridges, adjoining the eastern boundary of lot V. Lot Z, . 320 acres, county of Denison, parish of Boomanoomana, on the northern side of the road from Deniliquin to Corowa, adjoining the eastern boundary of Murray's conditional purchase of 100 acres; selected by A. Gallagher. Lot AA, 100 acres, county of Denison, parish of Boomanoomana, on the right bank of Murray River, about J of a mile westerly from Ferguson's conditional purchase of 300 acres; selected by John Irving. Exclusively of a road 1 chain wide, and of lagoons. Lot BB, 40 acres, county of Denison, parish unnamed, on the western side of the road from Tarramiah to Bull's Plains, adjoining the southern boundary of Hogg's 150 acres; selected by John O'Rafferty. Upset price, £1 per acre. SUBUKBAN LOTS. Lots CO, DD, EE, FF, GG, HH, II, JJ, KK, and LL, allotment 1 to 10, section 52; lot MM, allotment 4, section 69, 1 acre each, county of Hume, parish of Corowa, at the town of Corowa ; lot MM laBt offered on the 29th October, 1870, as lot M. IJpset price, £4 per acre. "Of what use are forms?" asked a petulant legislator. "You cannot deny that they are often mere empty things! "—" Well, my friend, and so are barrels hut nevertheless they have their uses," quietly replied the dnctor. A western paper strikes the names of two subscribers from its list because tbey were recently hung. The publisher says he was compelled to be severe, because he did not know their present address. Jerrold was in France, and with a Frenchman who was enthusiastic on the subject of the Ango- French alliance. He said lie was proud to see the English such good friends at last. "Tut! the best thing I know between France and England is—the sea," said Jerrold. Even the humblest person, who sets before bis fellows an example of industry, sobriety, and upright honesty of purpose, has a present as well as a future influence npon the well-being of his country ; for his life and character pans unconsciously into the lives of other?, and propagate good example for all time to come. The line of conduct chosen by a young man during the five years from fifteen to twenty will, in almost every instance, determine his character for life. As be is then careful or careless, prudent or improvident, industrious or indolent, truthful or dissimulating, intelligent or ignorant, temperate or dissolute, so will he be in after years: and it needs no . prophet to cast his horoscope or calculate his chances in life. SPEAK ENGLISH.—A Dutchman had two pigs, a large one and a small one. The smaller one being the older, he WSB trying to explain to a customer and did it this wise:— "The little pig is the pigge'st," upon which his wife, assuming to correct him, said, "yon will please excuse bim, he no speak as good. English as me ; he no -mean the little pig is th° piggest, but the youngest pig is the oldest." Not long since, near New York, a gentleman found in his hennery a simple-minded soul of the vicinity, who lived-without any visible means of^upport. " What are jou. doing here you rascHl, stealing my chickens? " —" No, sir, I thought ot doing nothing of the sort." It • unfortunately happened that tlie simple-minded individual wore a high stra w hat of the dimensions of a bee-hive, and the crown thereof-was dilapidated to a serious extent. Just 'as lie bad put in his denial the head of a half-grown pullet was seen to protrude from the aperture. "See herb!" said the gentleman, " how' did this chicken get into''your batWell," exclaimed the simple-minded individual, with an air of honest surprise and embarrassment, " that is 'lie strangest thing that ever bnppened to me. I suppose the darned' critter must have crawled tip my trousers' legs." The new penal code was again disoiissed in the North German parliament on May 53.. Count Bismarck made a speech in which'be pointed out that. the Federal governments had made considerable sacrifices in ;order .to insure the adoption of the code. He,declared that Herr Plank's motion for the abolition of the death penalty could . not be acceded to, as it would destroy the unity of the penal law, and establish two classes of German tijizens. Herr-Plank thereupon: withdrew his mot ion, and the - parliament, by one hundred >.and twenty-seven votes against one hundred and nineteen, resolved to restore the tobrds struck.outipf clause .<1,< thus returning •to ,tbe-system'-ef- capital punishment. On May 34, the debate npon the draught of the 4)eniilj<!pde was resumed. - On "clause seventyeight being brought.up, Herr Luck inoved an amendment, - proposing to' / punish with death any act-of violence committed against the persons of the princes of ibe'Confederation; and Herr Becker moved' that the judges should have the option of sentencing persons convicted of such offences to incarration forlife either-in a prison or in a fortress.' ' Both these amendments were rejected. Herr KardofF* motion' to punish with death ttempts to assassinate thechief of the confed ' ration or the sovereign of the country of the onfederation was agH>ed to by one hundred nd twenty-eight' votes, 'against one hundred nd seven. All the remaining clauses were then : adopted 'chiefly in the form in which heypBsaedihe 'Second reading. - Hie' Nofrfa' GtirihanpBHi£mi6nt >0 'feiu 'claBCtt -MiyUfi^b/ 1 I the King in person. His Majesty in bis speech from the throne congratulated the members upon the successful result of their labours, and enumerated the various legislative measures tbey bad passed in the course of four sessions. FEARFUL OUTRAGES IN BERKS.—About midnight on June 4, a desperate attack was made on a man named Henry Yearley. He was returning home from Reading in company with a man named Henry Osmond, and when near a gravel-pit he met two men, father and son, both named Thomas Blake. Words passed between the elder Blake and Yearley about some money, and the son, taking his father's part, rushed at Yearley with a large clasp-knife and stabbed him in the neck. They both fell, and while on the ground a second stab was given in the left side. Both Blakes then went away, and Osmond assisted Yearley home. Both Blakes have been apprehended and await their examination. Hopes are strongly entertained of Yearley's recovery. The same night another man,' named William Dowling, was set upon and maltreated in a most frightful manner by two or three men. He was knocked down, kicked, and beaten, and was picked up insensible. .He lies in almost a more critical state than the other man. The perpetrators of this last outrage have escaped and are not known. THE FEMALE COSTUME CASE.—On May 30, the preliminary investigation WBB concluded, and the prisoners were committed for trial; the magistrate deciding not to accept bail. The grand jury returned into court on June 8 and returned a true bill for misdemeanour against Arthur Pelham Clinton, commonly known as Lord Arthur Clinton, M. L. Cumming, Ernest Boulton, C. H. Thomas, F. W. Park, and Louis Hurt. They also returned a true bill for felony against Clinton and Park. Also a true bill against Boulton and Park for felony; and also an indictment for felony againBt Clinton and Boulton. The caBe was set down for trial on June 9. Warrants were applied for for the apprehension of the other persons mentioned in the bills besides those in custody, which application was granted. When Boulton and Park were, on June 9, arraigned on various charges of felony and misdemeanour, Mr. Se ' Parry, who defended Park, applied for a postponement of the trial till next session He did so upon the ground that neither the prisoners nor their counsel bad received any notice of several of the charges included in the indictment, and that the preparation of the defence would require considerable time and attention. The attorney-general consented to the postponement, and the case accordingly stands over until July. THE MANCHESTER UNITY OF ODD-FEL- LOWS.—The annual movable committee, or central governing body of the order, assem bled at Chesterfield on June 8, discusser! the questions of future legislation with respect to friendly societies, the distressed financial condition of the Manchester district, sick pay to members in workhouses, the legality of sick relief paid to insane members, and the suggestion made by Lord Lichfield for a royal commission to inquire into the position arid management of friendly societies. Satisfaction was expressed with tbe government measure recently introduced by Mr. Lowe, and it was affirmed that in anv future bill it is desirable that provision should be made for the continuance of the office of registrar, recently held by Mr. Tidd Pratt, and that tbe duties and powers of the registrar should be strictly defined. The Manchester delegates moved amendments to the directors* report, with res pect to the causes wbich have brought about the deficiency in the assets, compared with the liabilities, of many of tbe older lodges in tbe Manchester district. The amendments were for tbe purpose of adding, as causes in addition to those named by the directors, the large influx of clearance members, and the re admission of seceded lodges. Tbe amendments were rejected by overwhelming majorities, and tbe directors' report was adopted. A long discussion took place res pecting proposals for reducing the initiation fees and :Contributions of honorary members, which was advocated on tbe ground that other benefit societies accepted from such members lower payments, but eventually both proposals were rejected by overwhelming majorities. The subject of raising the contributions of members admitted previous to 1866, wben the graduated scale was adopted, which experience then showed to bp imperative in order to sejcure' tbeeick and funeral benefits guaranteed by the society, gave rise to a prolonged and animated discussion. It was urged that, as the members admitted previous to 1866 still paid the former inadequate contributions, this was the only way in which tbe Manchester add other districts could relieve themselves from their financial difficulties. One or two amendments were rejected, and eventually the original proposition was adopted without dissentient.- The result will be that all members, whenever admitted, will in future ba obliged to pay the contributions, according to tbeir present respective ages, fixed by the new graduated scale, which it is admitted in 1866 saved tbe unity from impending insolvency and ultimate destruction. A village near Genoa has been destroyed by fire. Through this calamity fifly-five families are without a home. VIVIAN V. VIVIAN AND WATERFOED.— The petitioner in this case, which again came before theilivnrce court on May 31 obtained a divorce from his wife on the ground of.her adultery With the co-respondent; but before -the decree was made absolute Colonel Leslie, a relation of the latter, appeared and entered an intervener. He however withdrew, and after some consideration the Queen's proctor ssiw no ground for his' interference. In making the decree, Lord Penzance said he wpttld consider the queBtion pf costs in these after- proceedings, and he "now reluctantly announced that he had no power to allow COBIS to Captain Vivian. A DAY'S WOEK FOB A BISHOP.—If the proverbial effect of all work and no play, extended to bishops, the mental smartness of the.Bishop bf Winchester would be little short of' miraculous. As a sample of a bishop's day, it may be interesting'to note his lordship's proceedings on May 17, as explained Hyhimself at the Church Sunday School Association in the evening. He had, he said, been hard at work ever since' seven o'clock that TOorningy and was ready to drop. He h'ad been_preBiding over the ritual commission a'great-part of the day, and fighting h In the'Hou8e of Lords for the Sequestration Bil[, which, he was happy to say, he had now gotread a second' time. : As soon as he had dope there he trotted off ! to Cambertrell i&s; lu6'little nagtrotild canyhim/and he wished now to go home, have a little reBt, some food, write a great number of letters, and go - to bed about one or two o'clock in the morning! THE EDMUNDS SCANDAL.—Mr. Edmunds' action for libel against Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Lowe, Mr. Stansfeld, and Mr. G. A. Hamilton, alleged to have been published by the defendants in a treasury minute arising out of the late arbitration case, will come on for trial at the sittings after the present term', before a special jury at Guildhall in the court of common pleas. The attorneygeneral, the eolicitor-general, and Mr. Archi bald will appear for the defendants. The damages are laid at £25,000. A HEAVY FAILURE.—The first examination sitting under the bankruptcy of Lord Courtenay, lBte M.P. for East Devon, was held on June 2 before Mr. Registrar Spring Rice. The unsecured debts are about £235,000, while creditors hold security for £300,000. The assets consist of "estates to which his lordship will become entitled on the death of his father, subject to the mortgages thereon, the value of which cannot at present be correctly stated." Proofs to large amount were tendered, but the precise extent of the liabilities has yet to be ascertained. A POINT OF HONOUR.—Another deplorable affray, which in some of its particulars recalls the Sabel affaire of Baron von Widmann, though with a very different denouement, has occurred at Colberg, a garrison town on the shores of the Baltic. Lieutenant von Franck, an officer who had served with much distinction in the campaign of 1866, having quarrelled with an hotelkeeper about the amount of his bill, resorted to an argument unfortunately too often employed in the Prussian army, by drawing his Bword on hie adversary. The latter, however, being an active and powerful man, succeeded in wresting the weapon from his grasp, and broke it in pieces. A reconciliation was then effected by the bystanders; but the officer was so mortified by the indignity to which his sword had been subjected, that he declared he could not live under the insult. Though every effort was made to dissuade bim from his determination, and all the persons present promised to preserve the strictest secrecy concerning the affair, he adhered to his purpose. After taking an affectionate leave of his comrades, he went home, bade farewell to his landlady, whom he met at the door, and, having locked himself in his Toom and divested himself of his uniform, blew out his brainB with a revolver. Another storm lately broke over Buenos AyreB—the most destructive ever experienced. The bonded stores known as the Aduana, Ohica, in which large quantities of goods belonging to foreign merchants were damaged by water in the storm of March 9, were again inundated, and at least six thousand packages of valuable merchandise have been seriously damaged, the loss from which falls chiefly on English houses, and is estimated at over £100,000. Great blame was imputed to the authorities for using these stores after the previous disaster, and the foreign houses had held a meeting with the object of taking legal proceedings against the government. During the Peninsular war tbe town of Oswestry was used aB a depot for French soldiers, prisoners on parole. One of them, a young naval hero of the name of Delaunay, had a poodle of wonderful sagacity, whose feats he was very proud of displaying. On one occasion, and a market-day, during the summer, he had taken his dog the length of the prescribed bounds—the milestone on the Holyhead- road—and having thrown a francpiece into the dust returned to the town, and then despatched bis poodle according to cus- tom for the coin. According to custom, however, the animal did not appear at the end of a few minutes. Hours elapsed and he came not; and his master in sorrow went his way to his solitary lodgings. On the succeeding morning, as he sat at breakfast, a sound of struggling and ruBtling on the stairs (it iB to be feared the gallant officer lived in the garret) was followed by the entrance of the poodle, travel-stained, with a pair of corduroy "unmentionables" in his mouth— in the pockets of which was a canvas bag containing a very large sum ill noteB and gold! The mystery was speedly explained by the appearance of a half-frantic Welshman, whose nether encasements consisted of a dilapidated pair of flannel drawers. Taffy was a trading drover, and on his way to Oswestry market picked up a piece of silver near the last milestone, wbich his pony had accidentally kicked up among tbe dust of the highroad, and put it into his money-bag. While in the market he remarked that a poodle dog kept close to him, and leaving early for Corwen, having made no purchases, tbe poodle bore bim company. The dog slept in the same room that night with the drover, and, what was that honest dealer's dismay when, on the chamber door being opened in the morning, be beheld the animal pounce on bis corduroys, that depository, of all his hard earnings, and rushing with them in his mouth out of the house, disappear down the tortuous streets ? After a chase of twentytwo miles, the delinquent was found at Delannay's quarters; the precious " properties" recovered with their contents all safe, including, among moneys of various values and denominations—a French francpieoe! —Sporting Gazette. HAKD WORK.—" I cannot imagine," said an alderman, "why my whiskers should turn grey so much sooner than.the hair of my head."—"Because," said a wag, "you bave worked so much harder with your jaws than your brains." THE INFATUATED OSTRICH.—We do not know whether anybody has or has not printed the story, which relates how a certain genial, bald-headed gentleman one day went to the Zoological-gardens. The weather was very warm, and he lay down on a bench. Presently be fell asleep, and he was aroused by a strange feeling of warmth on the head.. An infatuated ostrich had come along, and mistaking his bald head for an egg, settled down with a resolute determination to hatch it or Bit therefor ever. Our friend yelled for help, until a keeper came : and led the disappointed and regretful ostrich away to its cage. The following has been referred to the clear head of Lord Dundreary, as it has been found rather confusing to the Oxford dons it been submitted to. The question wan put to a litde Dutch boy, "Hans," the offspring of the first marriage of the gentleman at the St. James's Theatre who has lost his little dog:—" Hans, where were you born ?" "OntheHaldorbairick." "What, always?" " Yaw/ and before, too." " Howola are you then ? " « When the old schoolhouse ish built, I was two weeks more nor a year what is painted red BB you g0 home niit you back behind you, on the right-hand side, by the old blacksmith shop, what stands where it was burnt down next year will ™ two weeks. " i ° F An irreconcilablo bachelor thus gets after lovely women • I impeach her in the name of the great whale of the ocean, whose bones are torn asunder to enable her to keep straicht I impeach her in the name of the wacocfe, whose strut without his permission," she ha stealthily and without honour assumed T impeach her m the name of the horse, whose tail she has perverted from its use to the makingof wavy tresses to decorate the back of her head and neck. I impeach her in the name of the kangaroo, whoso beautiful figure she, in taking upon herself the Grecian bend, has brought into ill. favour and disrepute." Here the old fellow heaved a sigh, and heaved himself over-board. SUGGESTIVE. At a ball in high life a young man and an old gentleman seated near each other were yawning so that their jawbones were m danger of dislocation— Are you enjoying yourself, sir?" asked the young gentlemen.—" Me ? Not at all " —" Let's cut it, then."-" Can't. I'm maBter • of the house." At a coloured meeting in New York a worthy brother, whose piety exceeds his learning, rather astonished his hearers by quoting, during an exhortation, from "de 'pistleob St. Paul to the Canadians," There is one word which, if you change the place of one of its letters, means exactly the opposite from what it did at first. What is the word ? It is united. Place the i after the t, and it becomes untied. A FEMALE SOLDIER.—Some time ago a young man was received, by the express order of the King of Prussia, as candidate for an ensign's commission, into the second company of- the first battalion of the 9th Regiment, in Stargard, the same company in which bis grandmother had served as a subaltern officer during the war of liberation against the French, and bravely won the Iron Cross and the Eussian Order of St. George. This lady, who was called Augusta Frederica Kruger, was a native of Friedland, in Mecklenberg, nnd not content with offering, like many other of her countrywomen, her trinkets and her flowing locks on the altar of patriotism, she entered the ranks as a volunteer under the name of Luheck, and distinguished herself by her intrepidity on many a hard-fought field. On the 23rd October, 1815, she received her discharge, and her services were mentioned in this document in the most flattering terms. In January, 1816, being present, in the garments of her sex, at the feetival of the Iron Cross held at Berlin, she attracted the attention of a sub-officer of Lancers, called Kijhler, to whom Blie was married in the garrison church of Berlin on the 5th March of the same year. The church on the occasion was densely packed with spectators, all anxious to witness the marriage of two Prussian subaltern officers. The heroic bride appeared in a handsome silk pown, and wore on her breast the orders she had so honourably won, which with her hair, still rather short for a woman, were the only indications of her former military career. CHOOSING HUSBANDS.—When a girl marries, why do people talk of her choice ? In ninety-nine cases out of a hundred has she any choice? Does not the mail, probably the last she would have chosen, select her ? A lady writer says :—"I have been married many years; the match was considered a good one, suitable in every respect—age, position, and fortune. Everyone said I had made a good choice. I loved my husband when I married him, because he had, by unwearied assiduity, succeeded in gaining my affections; but, bad choice been my privilege, I certainly should not have chosen him. As I look at him in his easy-chair, sleeping before the fire, a huge dog at his feet, a pipe peeping out of the many pockets of bis Bbooting-coat, I cannot but think how different he is from what I would have chosen. My first penchant was for a clergyman—he was a flatterer, and cared little for me, though I have not forgotten the pang of his desertion. My next was a lawyer—a young man of immense talent, smooth, insinuating manners; but he, too, after walking, talking, dancing, and flirting, left me. Either of these would have been my ' choice;' but my present husband chose me, and therefore I married him; and this, I cannot help thinking, must he the way with half the married folks of my acquaintances." " Union is not always strength," as the sailor said when he saw the purser mixing his rum with water. Over the door of a house in a village, near London, is written—Simou Bibbles slaughters hogs like his father. UNEMBARBASSED.—A bankrupt was condoled with the other day for his embarrassment.—"Oh, I am not embarrassed at all," said he, " it is my creditors that are embarrassed." PLAIN.—" I don't think I can see to shave without a light," said Mr. Quilp to Mrs. Q. the other morning.—" O, la! " she replied, " I should think your face was plain enough to be seen anywhere." QUESTION.—Before " love comes in at the door," it would be well for him to peep through the keyhole. He might see something that would prevent him from entering. TIT FOB TAT.—" If you had avoided rum," said a publican to his customer, " yon could now ride in your carriage."—"And if you had never sold rum," said^ the bacchanal, "you would have been my.driver." Mrs. Partington had been reading the health officers' weekly reports, and thinks " total" must be an awful malignant disease, since as many die of it as of all the rest put SLIGHTLY DEAF.—The most appalling case of deafue«s that we ever came across outside of an asylum was of an old lady who lives across the street from tbe arsenal yard. On the Queen's birthday they fired a salute of twenty-one guns. The old lady was observed to start and listen as the last gun was fired, and then sbe exclaimed, " come in!" LONG ENOUGH.—'" That bed is not long enousb for me," said a very tall, gruff old Englishman, npon being ushered into hi* bedroom by an Irish waiter at one of our hotels. " Faith, an* you'll find it plenty long, sir, when you get into it," was the reply ; " for then there'll be two feet more added to it. Exit Pat,'with ahoot fetching up the'rear.' 