CREATION v. DEVELOPMENT. A Lecture Delivered at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, Melbourne, on August 8, 1870, by the Rev. J. E. Bromby, D.D., Principal of the Church of England Grammar School. To review a lecture delivered by a clergyman of high stand ing and reputation among us, and also one of the co-editors of the Messenger, would in any case be a difficult and delicate office; and in the present instance its difficulty and delicacy are increased by the abstruse nature of the subject of which the lecturer treats, and the many points of religious con troversy on which it touches. A publication, however, which is likely to attract so much attention, and cannot but excite such conflicting ieelmgs in religious minds, ought not, we think, to be as it were ignored, and left unnoticed in our pages. We, therefore, although somewhat unwillingly, ad dress ourselves to its consideration. In performing our task we shall be compelled to controvert some parts of the argu ment of our esteemed coadjutor; but we trust that we shall say nothing that will give him offence. Like all his other writings, this lecture exhibits the great ability of the author. It contains much cogent reasoning, and ia replete with,, felicitous illustrations and ingenious suggestions. Throughout all the earlier portion, although we may have desired to alter or qualify here and there a particular phrase, we have followed him with admi ration and delight. But it seems to us that sometimes his kindly, liberal disposition has partially perverted his judgment; and his love of analogy and his constructive skill have caused him to overlook distinctions, and build his theories upon unstable foundations. On first sitting clown to our work, we proposed to follow the author's argu ment, inserting as we proceeded extracts and observations in such an orderly manner as not to interrupt its continuity. But, upon reflection, we have abandoned this intention, and prefer to select for notice different portions, without a strict regard to their sequence and mutual connection. By this method, although we may fail to convey to our readers a just idea of the lecture as a whole, we shall be able to bring together out of it various passages of great excellence to which we desire to draw special attention, and also to examine apart the author's hypothesis concerning the con stitution and destiny of man, the conception of which was probably the original cause of its composition. The lecturer introduces his siibject Avith the remarks that creation and development are not ' necessarily antagonistic,' and that the prevalence of such a notion is owing to some hav ing 'atheistically argued that if things can be developed one out of another in endless series, there is no need of a personal Creator at all — that the verv circumstance of there beiner an endless chain of causes renders the mere idea of a Great First Cause a contradiction in terms.' The fallacy of this con clusion he exposes by pointing out ' that the finite mind of man cannot grasp infinity in any of its phases.' Infinity of time, whether a parte post or a forte ante, and infinity of space, are incomprehensible by man; and so likewise, he justly observes, ' is the eternal chain of causes which begins we know not where, and will end we know not when.' On this ' aspect of infinity' he makes the following excellent observations : — ' We sum up our incapacity to comprehend this phase of infinity by speaking of a Great First Cause. The Comtist laughs at us for so doing. He requires positive proof of everything ; and, therefore, he denies the existence of Deity on the ground that there is no positive proof of His existence. To believe in anything of which there is no positive proof is as senseless a fatuity as that of the negro fetish worshipper, who believes in the divinity of a consecrated stick. How far nobler (he cries) than such blind belief to exercise reason, to separate truth from falsehood, to study the actualities of existence, to trace through its varying sinuosities the long chain of cause and consequence, and so become a god unto yourself. Now, to show the fallacy of all this, we have but to employ our' ordinary mode of reason ing on such a subject, and we are at once able to prove that we do not exist ourselves, and that all existence is a nillusion. For, in ordinary reasoning, no one would ever be found to admit that anything ever happened without a cause ; if, therefore, nothing happens with out a cause, and there never was a first cause, nothing could possibly ever have happened at all : therefore, those interesting events of our being born into this world never happened : therefore we do not exist. Although, therefore, we do not jwofess to fathom the full meaning of our expression, The Great First Cause, yet we maintain we are quite euticLea to use it as tne synonym or ueity. jlg may oe a contradic tion in terms, but its very contradiction is only another proof of our inability to comprehend infinity. ' I am He' (saith. the Almighty, by the mouth of His prophet) — 'Who frustrateth the prognostics of the impostors; Who maketh the diviners mad ; Who reverseth the devices of the sages ; And infatuateth their knowledge.' ' — Loivth's Translation. His next topic is the manifestation of the wisdom of God to man in 'external creation;' for his remarks on which he selects as an apposite text the Psalmist's exclamation, ' O, Lord, how manifold are Thy ivories ! In wisdom hast Thou made them all.' Wisdom he explains to signify ' the employing the best means to attain certain definite ends.' Thus, ' Creation, as the display of God's wisdom, is a series of ingenious contrivances for the accomplishment of obvious purposes.' In illustration hereof, 'following,' as he says, ' in the steps of old Paley,' he takes, as one out of 10,000 examples which present themselves, the eye; and he de scribes admirably well, but at too great length for us to extract his description, the multitude of curious properties in nature on the one hand, and the wonderful construction of the eye on the othei*- by means of which in their mutual adaptation to each other we possess the faculty of sight. We extract his concluding forcible observations on this topic : — ' That any one should fail to see tokens of contrivance throughout the whole domain of nature, and marks of consummate wisdom, is one of the greatest of existing marvels. What obstacle stands in the way ? We cannot deny that there is such, a thing as thought, and the faculty to design and contrive and to provide for future contin gencies by the exercise of ingenuity, for we are conscious to ourselves of possessing such faculties. And though, to be sure, we cannot in the least degree explain or comprehend how the subtle adjustment of anything material or immaterial should produce the power to think, yet there is evidence enough that such a power does exist. Why then should we suppose that all power of this order is limited to our single selves ? How preposterous, in face of such an enormous amount of cumulative evidence, to deny the existence of a personal Designer, whose Spirit planned these wondrous scenes in which we live, and by means of which we are enabled to conceive some idea, however in adequate, of His stupendous power and of His admirable wisdom.' Adverting to the fact that 'some persons draw from ex ternal creation conclusions the very reverse of this — that things have been self-developed, not created,' the lecturer observes that — 'All the more intelligent of those, philoso phers who have been the strongest advocates for develop ment, such as Huxley and Darwin, indignantly repudiate the charge of atheism ;" and that — ' All they affirm is, that matter is endowed with properties which enable it to do a vast number of things of itself, which are often, in popular language, attributed directly to the Creator; and that as long as matter has such properties, the investigation of them is, like any other study of the works of creation, not only the legitimate exercise of our reason, but one of the highest functions of God's rational crea tures.' To the principle here stated no Christian philosopher can hesitate to assent ; but although Huxley might only, by the language which he used, " wickedly intend to scare an old woman or two,' he has certainly left upon our mind, after a careful perusal of his " celebrated lecture," the painful con viction that he has no certain belief in any thing or any person, in matter or spirit, the creature or the Creator. We do not care to say more on this topic, but while we take a far less favourable view than does our lecturer of the scien tific character of both the above-named writers, regarding their speculations as opposed to the fundamental principles of inductive philosophy, we must thank him for the admir able manner in which he has quietly demolished the preten tious edifice of Huxley, and practically put aside the absurd hypothesis of Darwin. The inability of "the most perspi cacious eye, assisted by the highest magnifying power ' of a microscope, to discover any external difference between ' two nucleated cells,' one of which ' has power to produce an oak, the other a chicken,' shows how utterly valueless is the protoplasmic theory for explaining the origin of life ; and the relegation of Darwin's hypothesis of development to another epoch in the world's history, as to which ' it may be quite true for aught we know' (a gentle intimation that we have no evidence whatever upon the subject), relieves us of all concern about it. Before passing from this portion, of the lecture, we would offer a few remarks upon a statement which the lecturer makes very emphatically, that ' the corpuscles of the blood' are 'to all intents and purposes distinct animals,' being ' independent organisms, having bodies of protoplasm, and powerful instincts.' We cannot but think that, at the pre sent day, scientific men are too hasty both in drawing con clusions from observed facts, and in the choice of the terms in which they express those conclusions. What are the observed facts in the present case? The blood corpuscle is what Professor Huxley calls a nucleated protoplasm, and when taken "out of his element" lies "helplessly sprawling about, and sending out elongations;' but, 'in the blood,' as the lecturer remarks, he ' is a most useful and active little fellow.' It, however, 'is constrained to act within very definite limits, and takes pleasure (if pleasure it is capable of feeling) in doing one or two things only as external circumstances occur to stimulate it to do them.' We take no exception to these statements; we are quite willing to accept the facts. But we demur to the application of the term instinct as the motive cause of the doings of such a cor puscle, and to the description, grounded upon such an appli cation, of the corpuscle as an animal. Instinct denotes a faculty which is peculiar to animals. We do not speak of it being an instinct of the nettle to sting, or of fire to burn. The fact of a blood corpuscle doing certain acts, under cer tain circumstances, does not therefore prove it to have instincts, and so to be an animal. It must first be proved to be an animal, and then it may be said to have certain instincts. But animal life implies volition, and a blood corpuscle, according to the lecturer, has no volition, but acts only as stimulated and constrained by external circum stances. Consequently it cannot be an animal. Again, a distinct animal — i.e., a distinct living creature — must possess its own proper life independently of all other creatures, whether of the same or other species. Has a blood cor puscle an independent life? Does its 'sprawling about, and sending out prolongations,' prove it to have such a life? We think not, and we therefore think that the description of it as a distinct animal is a misapplication of language, and calculated to mislead. Man is not a being compounded of many animals, but himself a single animal . But what kind of animal is man? What is his true position in the universe ? In entering upon the considera tion of this question the lecturer gives the following brief sketch — partly borrowed, as he tells us, from Professor M'Coy — of the order of creation :— ' Creation began with the call into existence of lifeless atoms of definite size, and shape, and weight ; . and of these were made not only the- earth, but the most distant orbs of heaven. When the almighty fiat went forth — ' Let there be light' — electric and mag netic forces on a large scale, and chemical affinities on a small, sprang into being. The step to organic life is another creative act: the growth of the simplest plant is something vastly different in kind from the aggregation of the most delicate crystal. When we come to . consciousness, we have a new creation, again, there being no discem able link between mere organic growth and mental consciousness or any other power of an animal's soul. At this point the learned pro fessor stopped, his subject closing there. When, however, we go on to man, once more there is a new creation, for man has capacities differing in kind from those of the lower animals. He has powers of imagination, and can abstract his mind altogether from the things of sense, and so realise to himself things past and things to come ; he can thus hold converse with the mighty dead, and has irrepressible, longings' after a happy future. Much more than this — he has capa city to reverence his Maker : he has a moral sense of right and wrong ; he has a conscience which feels pain if he thinks he has offended his spiritual Father, and pleasure if he thinks he is forgiven.' This description of man as created by God does not, how ever, convey a correct idea of mankind as they now exist upon the. earth: the lecturer therefore proceeds to investigate the subject further, and hereingpropounds a theory, the pub lication, of which seems to have been the great object of his lecture. This theory is. (to us at least) so novel in its cha racter, and leads to- such startling inferences, that it will demand our calm and very careful consideration. Here begins, in our office of reviewers, the difficulty, and we may frankly add, the .painfulness of our task. Hitherto the points of difference between ourselves and the lecturer have not been such as to impair in any great degree our enjoy ment of the many excellences of his work. But, henceforth, i while^ there is still much to admire and approve (e.g., an explanation of 'what is natural analogy,' which we regret that we have not space to transcribe), there is much that we are compelled to gainsay, and which we fear is likely to pro duce injurious results in our community; at the same time great discrimination is required in dealing with the argument. To denounce an error is easy; to disprove it by disentangling from it the truth which is mixed up with it is often very difficult. To this we must now apply ourselves. The author's theory, together with the facts and reasoning by which it is supported, may be thus succinctly stated. ' ' Although. ' the normal man' has far higher capacities than any other animal, yet ' a mere savage' (and many men are mere savages), 'is only a kind of dangerously clever brute.' ' What, then, is the essential difference between savage and civil ised man ? In other words, is the most highly cultivated man only a variety of the cannibal, just as many fruits and flowers admit of vast improvement by mere force of circumstances ? Or in man's progress to perfection have faculties of a higher order been granted to him over and above what he had before ?' For the resolution of this question attention is first invited 'to the revelations which the sacred page of Scripture makes' on the subject. St. Paul speaks of 'three consti tuents of man— -body, soul, and sphit; and corresponding with these terms we have in Scripture three phrases— the r carnal man, the psychical man, and the spiritual man.' Hence is drawn the inference that while man — the natural man — has, like other animals, a body and soul (his soul differing from their souls only as being of 'a higher order'), there is something else besides these— 'the spirit in man;' and this I is ' altogether a higher life, and gifted with faculties of a I higher order. It is as much the life of the soul as the soul I is the life of the body. Without the soul the body ceases to I live, and without the spirit the soul ceases to live. Hence the validity of tile Scripture phrase, ' the second death.' ' We may observe, in passing, that these sentences appear to us inconsistent with the previous representation of the natural man as consisting only of a body and a soul, and therefore endued with only the same kind of life as any other animal. This spirit, then, is that which, being added as a third constituent, makes the natural man to become the spiritual man; and it is given to every believer in Christ, who is thus ' a new crealure' — not creature as we understand the word, but a fresh product in the work of creation. 'There is no impropriety, no extravagance, in speaking of the spiritual man as a new creation. True, his soul closely resembles the soul of the unregenerate man ; yet what objection is this 1 seeing that the body of that same unregenerate man quite as closely re resembles the body of the antecedent gorilla. The chain of creation leads up with distinct, though wonderfully intertwisted, links to mail, who is at once both carnal and psychical — carnal inasmuch as he is allied on the side of his flesh to the beasts that perish; and psychical, inasmuch as he possesses a soul — a soul capable of vast development, but not of attaining spiritual life. We need no \- museum of specimens wherein to pursue our study of mankind. Un happily, examples of the carnal man abound on every side. We may see him daily if we please, sunk in every sense to the level of the beasts that perish. Of the unregenerate psychical man we have a specimen in the highly cultivated unbeliever who, after grasping all hitman knowledge with the power of his commanding intellect, ends by exclaiming -'There is ho God!' The highest type of spiritual man is portrayed in Scripture.' The above is, we believe, a faithful account of the lecturer's theory concerning the natv/rdl and the spiritual man, the latter of whom he describes as the ' last order of animated being ;' and from this theory of man's constitution he de duces his new doctrine of 'human responsibility.' This is as follows : All who are merely natural men, who have not experienced this new creation — i.e.; all who have not been born again of the Spirit of God, heathens, Jews, and nomi nal Christians — 'will at their decease pass painlessly, like the brute beasts, into a painless non-existence ;' but all spiritual men — those who have been dmwh -by the Father to Christ, and thereby became living souls, immortal beings — shall 'eventually stand before the judgment-seat of Christ;' and every one that is symbolised by the man who, at the marriage feast, had not on 'a wedding garment,' - shall undergo 'a very painful and heavy sentence,' which is expressed by the words of the parable — ' Bind him hand and foot, and take him away, and cast him into outer darkness ; there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.' In his investigation of the subject, the lecturer, as we have noticed, at once invites attention to the Scriptures; but in order to avoid a confusion of ideas, and to aid us in understanding what the Scriptures tell \xs concerning man's real nature and destiny, we think that before we examine the sacred volume some preliminary remarks will be useful. When we are asked, ' What is the essential difference between savage and civilised man ?' there occurs to us an other question, viz. — What is the significance of these terms, savage and civilised ? As commonly tmderstood, they; refer chiefly, if not solely, to man's intellectual and social condition ; to the cultivation of his mind, his knowledge of the arts and sciences, the government he is living under, his security of person and property, and so forth. But the lecturer, by ' progress to perfection,' evidently has in view chiefly, if not solely, moral perfection. The tei'ms therefore seem inapplicable, and are, we think, calculated to mislead. A highly-civilised man may be a cruel, profligate libertine. A comparatively moral, nay, a tiiily spiritual man, a Chris tian, may bs, if not a savage, yet. certainly an \mcivilised man. Again : it is not enough to say that 'a mere savage is only a kind of dangerously clever brute.' In whatever phase we contemplate man, whether as savage or civilised, we see un mistakable evidence of his being a corrupt creature. The most highly civilised natural man is morally worse than any brute. No other animal maltreats those of his own kind as man does his fellow-men. No other male animal behaves toward the female as man behaves towards woman. Every other animal, whether of a higher or lower grade in the order of creation, appears to occupy the place and perform the functions assigned to it by the Creator. Not so man. He is evidently not what he was intended of God to be. He does not lead the life, nor do the work, for which God designed him. All this is patent to our observation. And what does our observation teach us concerning the constitution of man 1 That, as the lecturer points out, he .has not only a body but a soul like other animals. Does it teach us anything concerning the natui'e and attributes of the soul 1 The lecturer describes ' anger and fear, avarice and ambition,' and in like manner we suppose he would speak of reflection and imagination, as ' instincts of the soul.' But all these are, so far as we can judge from obser vation, functions of the brain as much as are seeing and hearing. The soul, in the sense in which the lecturer uses, and in which we are now using, the term, is, so far as obser vation tells us, nothing else than the principle of animal life. There is, however, a characteristic by Avhich man is distin guished from all other animals. Man, and man only, has a conscience, an innate sense of right and wrong, which makes him sit continually in judgment upon himself, and, irre spectively of the judgment of any fellow-man, and even of ' his spiritual Father,' to approve or condemn his thoughts and feelings, his words and actions. All men, however seared and blinded it may be in many, possess this faculty ; and in all men it admits of being quickened, enlightened, regulated, and strengthened. Conscience is something quite distinct from the intellectual and even the moral faculties, and does not, so far as we know, depend like them upon any bodily organ. It may, therefore — we do not say that it necessarily does — but it may belong to 'the spiritual part of man, which is commonly called the soul. There is yet another fact to be noticed respecting the natural man, by which term we mean, as does the lecturer, a man not born again of the Spirit of God — viz., that he has a longing after immortality. Worthless as are all Plato's arguments for the immortality of the soul (by which the ancients designated, as do most moderns, the spiritual part of man), they testify to the instinctive belief of man in a future life. That such a belief is a characteristic of the human race can hardly be disputed ; and that with such a belief is connected, almost universally, an expectation of future rewards and punishments, to be administered according to some law of retributive justice, can as little be denied. ' Not more surely therefore' (to borrow the reasoning of the lecturer) 'do hunger and thirst prove the existence of aliments suited to our bodily sustenance; not more surely do fear and avarice prove the existence of danger, and the necessity of providing against want, than do the earnest longings' of the natural man after immortality, and his fear of wrath to come after death, ''prove the reality of the things he longs for' and dreads. Now turn we to the Bible. What does it tell us con cerning man beyond that which we learn from observation 1 It may teach us that 'the spirit (7rvevfia) in man' is distinct from the psyche (i^x^) which we translate the soul. But assuming this, does it teach us that this spirit, which it speaks of as a constituent of man, is not possessed by men in general, but is something given to the believer in Christ, .which makes him to become another ' order of animated being'? We do not so read the Scripture. The Spirit, whereof the Bible speaks as dwelling in believers and making them to become new creatures, is every where declared to be the Holy Spirit, who- while He exercises a quickening, enlightening, and sanctifying influence upon those to whom He is given, and in whom He dwells, is no constituent part of them, but a distinct spiritual being, who acts upon them, and who may be resisted and grieved by them, and taken away from them. The spirit of the believer, with which the Holy Spirit is said to bear witness, is nowhere in Scripture spoken of as a new gift of God to man. The man who by the operation of the Holy Ghost is quickened from the death of sin, and enlightened to discern spiritual things, and renewed after the image of God in holiness and true righteousness, may be, as appears to us, not improperly called a new creature, or a new creation. He may be designated a sph'itual, in contrast with a natural or carnal man. But this language does not indicate the addition of any new constituent part to his nature. It only describes the effect of a spiritual influence upon that nature. That Adam, as the lecturer affirms, lost ' on the very day that he transgressed' ' the principle of his spiritual life,' is, we think, in a certain sense true ; but not that he then lost a constituent part of the human nature in which he was originally created, so as to be after the fall a different order of animated being from what he was before. We scarcely think that the lecturer would assert this. And here we cannot but advert again to what we see and know by our own observation and experience. What is the conviction produced in our minds by the character and conduct of those around us, and by our own inward thoughts and feelings ? Is it that, in the society in which we daily move, there are men and women of two distinct orders of being ? Granted that some among us exhibit a high ' type of spiritual man,' while others exclaim, ' There is no God;' are not many — the most, perhaps — of an intermediate class, so that not even their most intimate friends could certainly pronounce whether or not they were true believers ? More over, notwithstanding the influence of the Spirit of God in moulding the characters, and regulating and controlling the conduct of all ' good Christians,' do not some whom we con fidently believe to be true Ohi-istians, occasionally, in parti cular instances, appear to be more deficient in moral principle than others concerning whom we have no such confidence 1 Does not the natural man sometimes put to shame the spiritual man 1 Surely, then, this theory — besides being (as we believe) . wholly unsupported by Scripture — is plainly contradicted by our observation and experience. The conclusion, then, at which we arrive is, that the Christian is not in any respect different from other men, except that, hy the enlightening and sanctifying influence of the Holy Spirit^ he knows and believes the love that God hath to him ; he loves God, and desires in all things to please God; he loves Christ, and looks forward to be with Christ; he walks by faith, not by sight ; he lives unto the Lord, not unto himself; he keeps under his body, and brings it into subjection; he strives to put away all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil-speaking, with all malice, and to be kind to all men, tender-hearted, forgiving others even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven him. This dif ference between him and other men is produced by the power of the Holy Spirit given unto him through Christ; and this gift every natural man may obtain if only he will ask it of God for the sake of His Son, Jesus Christ. Doubtless the drawing of the Father, whereby the sinner is enabled to come to the Saviour, involves a mystery, which, as it relates to the infinite, and is not revealed to us, is beyond our finite comprehension. But, to use the lecturer's words, 'we are all morally conscious of responsibility' in this as in other matters, and know in our own hearts that, if we do not go to CJmst, it is because we will not. This theory respecting the spiritual man, that besides a body and a soul — the constituents of the natural man — he has a third constituent, a spirit, which the natural man has not, might be regarded as in itself a harmless speculation ; but that concerning the future destiny of mankind, which, the lecturer grounds upon it, is a practical doctrine, which we cannot but fear will exercise an injurious influence upon a large portion of the community. Happily he, as well as ourselves, recognises the Scripture as the sole source of reliable knowledge upon this subject, and, therefore, as the sole authority for us to appeal to in the discussion of it. What then saith the Scripture1? Let us examine the sacred, volume with an honest desire to ascertain what 'revela- tions ' it makes, not allowing our judgment to be biassed by the very natural desire either to vindicate ' the righteous ness of God,' or to get rid of the idea that ' multitudes of souls ' shall be '? tortured to all eternity.' In an inquiry of this kind our object must be simply to learn what God has told us, in the assurance that, although ' His judgments ' may be ' unsearchable,' and ' His ways past finding out,' yet it shall appear at the last that He, ' the Judge of all the earth,' doeth right. Now we may observe that in the Bible are to be found' very few direct, positive statements concerning the condition of the wicked after death. The principal which we re member are those of o.ur Lord — in John v. 28, 29, ' Marvel not at this : for the hour is coming in the which all that are in the graves shall hear His voice, and shall come forth ; they that have done good, unto the resurrection of life ; and they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damna tion ;' in Matthew xxv. 31-46, where He describes the pi-ocess of the last judgment; and in several of His parables — that of St. Paul, in Romans ii., which we shall presently notice more particularly ; and that in Revelations xxi. 8, ' The fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolators, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone : which is the second death.' But although the future punishment of the wicked is seldom directly affirmed, tile manner in which a judgment to come is spoken of throughout the New, Testament Scrip tures shows that the sacred writers regarded it as a certain fact not to be gainsaid. ' I am a Pharisee, the son of a Pharisee; of the hope and resurrection of the dead I am called in question,' was the appeal of St. Paul to the Jewish Sanhedrim.' I ' have hope toward God,. which they them selves also allow, that . there shall be a resuiTection of the dead, both of the just and unjust,' was his declaration before Felix. Thus the inspired writer to the Hebrews assumes the fact — ' As it is appointed unto men once to die, btifc after this the judgment, so Christ was once offered to bear the sins of many, and unto them that look for Him shall He appear the second time without sin unto salvation.' Let us, however, examine more particularly the sayings of Scripture. From the fact that, by his transgression, Adam lost the gift of immbrtalitj^ and could not therefore transmit that gift to his descendants, the lecturer not unreasonably infers that the natural man has not ' any particle whatever of spiritual and immortal life ;' and this inference seems to be confirmed by the saying of St. Paul in 1 Cor. xv. 21, ' Since by man came death, by man came also the resurrec tion of the dead;' and that in Rom. viii. 11, 'If the Spirit of Him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, He that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by His Spirit that dwelleth in you.' But other passages of Scripture very plainly indicate that, to whatever cause their resurrection may be ascribed, the whole human race — Jews and Gentiles, believers and unbelievers— shall awake from their sleep in the dust, and shall ' appear before the judgment-seat of Christ.' 'We would refer parti cularly to the declaration of- St. Paul to the Athenians, recorded in Acts xvii. 30, 31, ' The times of this ignorance God winked at, but now commandeth all men everywhere . to repent. Because He hath appointed a day, in the which He will judge the world in righteousness by tliat Man whom He hath ordained ; whereof He hath given assurance unto all men, in that He hath raised Him from the dead ;' and \ to the argument of the same apostle in Romans ii., where he declares that ' as many as have sinned without law (i.e., the Gentiles) shall perish without law in the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ.' We would refer also to his discourse with Felix, in which he ' reasoned ' with the Roman governor 'of righteousness, temperance, and judgment to come.7' Thus does the Scripture confirm the instinctive expectation of mankind. to which we have alluded above. . . . - The passages which we have cited prove the point in reference to the Gentiles ; and with respect to the Jews, we would adduce, as undeniable proofs of their resurrection to judgment, our Lord's declaration concerning the cities of Ghorazin, Bethsaida, and Capernavim (which, indeed,' might be alleged to prove the judgment of the Gentiles also) : — ' It shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon, and for the land of : Sodom, at the day of judgment, than for you ;' and His saying to the high priest and the assembly of the scribes and elders at Jerusalem, ' Hereafter shall ye see the Son of Man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven.' We would adduce also St. Paul's profession of faith before Felix, to which we have already alluded. We might add other passages, but these will suffice. As to nominal Christians, who, in the language of the lecturer, are ' not sufficiently gifted to be good Christians ' (i.e., who either avow their disbelief of the God of the Bible ; or, while they profess to believe in Him, ' in ' works deny Him, being abominable, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate'), we confess that we find it difficult to conceive by what reasoning any one who accepts the testi mony of God in the Bible can doubt that they shall ' come forth . . . unto the resurrection of damnation.' The ex pression of his belief by the lecturer, that these 'will at their decease pass painlessly, like the brute beasts, into a painless non-existence/' is that which has so greatly startled and alarmed us. How God will deal with those who have ' never heard the word of salvation preached to them at all,' we can only hesitatingly conjecture from such inspired state ments as Rom. ii. 6-11, and Acts x. 34, 35; and may well pass by, as one. of those matters with respect to which, if we- attempt to reason about them, ' we become involved in inextricable difficulty.' With the heathen and the Jews we have no practical concern, except that our duty is to prevent, if possible, any from dying in ignorance of the Gospel, by making known the Gospel to them. Herein, we presume, all true Christians will be agreed, But the case is very different in respect to the multitude of persons in this and other countries, ? who, although they have been bap tised into, the Church' of Christ, and instructed more or less perfectly in, the truths and precepts of Christian ity, are practically unbelievers — ungodly, covetous, sensual, making provision for the flesh to fulfil the lust thereof, mind ing earthly things. 'What the Scripture saith concerning the future doom of these — some of them our relatives or dear friends, others our neighbours or fellow-countrymen — is of the utmost practical moment to them and to us. For if. they be persuaded that they shall, at death, 'pass painlessly into a painless non-existence,' they will' become wholly in sensible to the terrible threatening^ which abound in the Scriptures- '.' against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men;' and thus the desire to escape from the wrath to come, which is one great motive for them to seek a living faith, will be taken away. And if they be deceived herein — if, while looking forward to a painless non-existence, they are treasm-ing up unto themselves ' wrath against the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God, who will render to every man according to his deeds ' — how terrible for them ! how terrible also for those who have helped to confirm them in such self-delusion ! That the New Testament Scriptures, together with promises of glory and happiness after death to one class of persons, contain also very awful denunciations of God's wrath, to-be executed after this present life, against another class, is certain. Of whoin then does this latter class consist? The lecturer restricts it to apostates from the faith of Christ; to those who, having once run well, stop short in their Christian course; those 'who sin wilfully after having received the knowledge of the truth.' But Scripture affords no warrant for such a restric tion. The parable of the marriage feast, to which the lec turer refers, seems plainly to refute it. ' For not only is the inference which he draws from the fact of only one of the assembled guests being found not having a wedding garment . — that this indicates that only a 'very small minority' of those who have, once 'had a living faith ' shall . afterwards be carried into the outer darkness, is contradicted by the comment of our Lord Himself, 'For many are called, but few are chosen.' But, moreover, the term 'called,' used by -Him in contrast with chosen, must, we think, be under stood as comprehending all who, having heard the Gospel, either openly reject or practically despise its great salvation. , To every such person, because h.e 'believeth not the Son,' the saying of the Baptist may be applied — he ' shall not see life;' and not only so, but il the wrath of God abidetk on him.' In the parable of the rich man and Lazarus — in the , answer of our Lord to the question, ' Are there few that be saved?' (Luke xiii. 24-28) — in the description of the last judgment (Matt. xxv. 31-46) — in the parables of the tares; and the good and bad fish — in the vision of the last judg ment (Rev. xx. 13)— in the desci'iption of those who shall suffer 'the second death' (Rev. xxi. 8) — and in the many solemn warnings and exhortations which occur in the apos tolical epistles, we find nothing to authorise us to- restrict to a small number of backsliders the sentence, ' Depart from Me, ye cursed, into' everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels ' - (Matt. xxv. 41). On the contrary, the language of bur Lord and His apostles appears plainly applicable to all among ourselves who are practically living without God in the world — all worshippers of mammon, all lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. 'We are not arguing for the eternal duration of future ' punishments. With this question we are not at present concerned. The doctrine against which -we are now con tending is, that the multitude of iirigodly men and ungodly women, even in so-called Christian countries, shall at death pass into a painless non-existence. This is what, if we do not misunderstand him, the lecturer affirms to be in accord ance with Scripture ; and what we, on the contrary, contend to be plainly repugnant to the express word of God: In confirmation of our argument, we would make two further observations. The first is; that the '. few stripes' of which our Lord speaks must, as well as the ' many,' refer not to the present* but to a future state of existence; and so like wise must the destruction of the human soul — if it be indi cated (as the lecturer ? supposes) by the casting into 'the lake of fire,' and the 'perdition' spoken of by St. Paxil — take place, not at death, but after death, at the great day of final judgment. (See Rev. xx. 1 1-15, and 2 Peter iii. 7.) Therefore, according to the lecturer's own interpretation of i these Scripture phrases, the multitude of the ungodly exist for a period after their decease. Our second observation is, that among those who 'have enjoyed their fair share of good things in this life,' and ' lose nothing at death,' the lecturer seems to include not only the kind-hearted man of the world, who would not willingly do harm to any one, but every man who for the gratification of his own lusts, his own covetousness, his own ambition, remorselessly inflicts the greatest calamities upon his fellow men. All alike — 'extortioners, unjust, adulterers' — may, according to his doctrine, reasonably expect to 'pass pain lessly into a painless non-existence.' If this were so, then indeed the evil whereof Solomon complained, that (in this life) ' all .things come alike to all,' and that ' there is one event to the righteous and to the wicked, to the good and to. the clean, and to the unclean,' would be inexplicable, and 'there would be strong ground for impugning the righteous ness of God.' Our review has already exceeded its due bounds. In con clusion, we would express our assvrred conviction — -first, that no such new creation as the lecturer speaks of has yet been wrought in man, and that none such will be wrought until the Lord shall come again, when all who are His, having until death borne the image of the earthly, shall rise from the grave in the image of the heavenly (1 Cor. xv. 49); secondly, that 'in the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ,' no one who has in this life despised 'the. riches of his goodness, and forbearance, and long suffering,' shall escape the doom which our Lord describes in the words, 'Depart, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, pre pared for the devil and his angels' ' ' ? ♦?♦ ? ? — 