Scraps. Tbe Blessed Ones. BLESED are they that aro bhud ; for taej shall see no gliosis. Blessed are they that are deaf; for tbey never lend money, nor listen to tedious stories. Blessed are they that are afraid of thunder; for they shall hesitate about getting married, aud keep away from political meetings. Blessed are they that are lean ; for there is a chance to grow fat. Blessed are they that are ignorant; for tbey are happy in thinking ibat they know everything. Blessed is he that is ugly in form and features; for tbe gals thau't molest him. Blessed is one Ibat would get married, but caut; for tbe consolations of the Gospel are here. Blessed aro tbeorpbun children ; for they have no mothers to spank them. BleBsed are they that expect nothibg; for they shall not be disappointed. Blcssrd are they that do not advertise; for tbey shall rarely be troubled with customers. " Will you take lunch ?" is now rendered, iu Bostosi, " Will you surround some nourishment ?" A man lvbo courts a young woman in the btarlight, probably expects to get a wife in a twinkling. Home Tooke, when asked by ^ffeorge III. why be never played at cards, replied, " 1 cannot tell a king from a knave." " My character, sir," said au alderman, who bad cleared himself from a charge of bribery, is •' liko my boots, all the better for blacking." Never apulugise for performing a good actiou. It may eurpriso your friendB by its novelty, but surprises of this nature rarely lead io incurable diseases. A western lady is writing in favour ol limited marriage*, fur a given time, ranging from one to three years, with the privilege of renewal by mu>ual consent. A clergyman argued tiial he was right in calling nil his congregation " beloved brethren," because the brethren embraced the sisters. A little boy uu comiug home from church whore ho had seen a person work the bellows of an organ, said to his mother—" Oh, mamma, I wish you bad been at church to- day,—such fuu! a mau pumped music out of an old cupboard!" l>o you enjoy goiug to church now!" asked a lady of Mrs. Partington. " Law me, 1 do," replied Mrs. P. "Nothing does me so much good as to get up early ou Sunday morning, aud go to cburcb, and bear n populous miuister dispense with the gospel.'' Horticultural Intelligence. — German stocks, according to the latest reports, had not beeu looking woll since the declaration of v.nr, nor had tho French bean .' Both would probably be the better for a good slicking. " Did your present your account to the defendant ?" inquired a lawyer of his client. "I did, sir." "And what did he say?" " Ho told mo to go to the devil." " And what did you do then F" " "Why, then—I came to you." A curious case was tried in the County Court. An Italian named Giambonini Bued Mr. Trever&i;, a fellow- countryman and hotel-keeper, for rofusingto admit the wife of tbe former to a ball oil the Queen's birthday, after a ticket had beeu purchased. Tlie df fence was, that the lady was a person of indiflereut character before marriage. His Honor Judge Forbes said it was a very difficult thing to define the meaning of the word " lady." Catherine Honard, Queen of England, bore a doubtful reputation before she was elevated to the throne. Eventually, a verdict of 40s. was given to the plaiuliff. A SENSIBLK GINT.—A young and pretty girl attended a ball at Oahkosn, Winconsiu, decked off in short sk'rts and pants. She was tbe only one present in the mode. The ladies were shocked—very much shocked! Tbev regarded her short skirts as immodest. She'quaintly remarked that if tbey would pull up their dresses about their neckB as high as they ought to be, their skirts would be as short as her's. The Boston (U.S.) Traveller tells the story of a lady who was staying with her husband at an hotel. In the night the husband was taken very ill with spaBmsiu the stomach. Tbe wife went to procure some mustard, aud made a poultice ic his handkerchief. She returned as Bhe thought to his room, and gently raising the bedclothes, &c-;, laid the warm poultice upon a stomach, but not tbe stomach of her lord. Hallo there I what the are you about ?" shouted a voice of thunder; and the body and sleeves whence it issued sprung out of bed. The lady screamed and ran; her husband rushed to the rescue from the next room, tbe waiters joined, and a small scene eiiEued, much to the amusement of all concerned. 