A CHRISTMAS IN THE BUSH. BEING A SEQUEL TO A GHOST STORY; (Written expressly for Bell's Life.) By CAPTAIN SYKES. (Continued from July 30.) CHAPTER II. THE MURDERED MAN. Two or three minutes passed. Not a sound of any kind could I hear. All was still as death. There I crouched on bended knees, peering through the underwood, afraid to move a single limb, almost afraid to breathe. The slightest noise would have revealed my hiding place, and even a random shot might have caused my death. Never shall I forget the suspense of that long five minutes to me, each moment was an hour. Gradually, however, my eye grew more and more accustomed to the objects by which it was surrounded. I could see clearly right through the bushes to the large tree. No one was concealed between it and the spot where I lay. And the man at whom I had fired was not any distance from the tree, or I should have heard him making his escape. Behind the tree, or, perhaps, inside the tree, therefore, he lay concealed. Of this I felt morally certain. I was on the point of trying to creep noiselessly a yard or two nearer, when a strange, but very low sound, something like a half suppressed sigh or a stupid groan came from the direction of the ancient gum. Now my doubts were at an end. Tho man was there, for I had heard him. Concen trating my whole attention upon the tree itself, I watched it as I would have watched the movements of a tiger that would at any moment spring at me from its lair. If a tiny fly had entangled itself in the spiders webs which were spread about the knotted bark of that ancient tree, I believe I should have seen it and grasped my revolver more tightly in consequence. But not so much as a spider was visible. The suspense became unbearable. I was thinking seriously of beating my way back to the road, jump- ing on my horse and dashing away at all hazards, when the low stifled groan once more roached my ears. With energy and a rash- ness, which I could only account for by the excitement under I which I was labouring, I sprang from the ground, and, pistol in hand, rushed towards the fatal tree. I was within a couple of yards of it when a man sprang from behind it and stood before me. I did not stay for one second to ask any questions. My revolver had been ready from the first, and I fired. The smoke was still hanging about me, the report of the pistol still rang in my ears, when, with a wild idiotic laugh that seemed to me more horrible than the yell of a wild hyena, a man fell into my arms. Before I had time to cast him off our eyes had met. The man was my own faithful servant. It was Pat the Irishman! Poor honest, loving Pat! never, never to my dying day shall I forget the look that he gave me. There was terror and surprise and affection in his gaze, but there was a shadow after all—that shadow was of death. He had thrown his arms round my neck, but already I felt their grasp relaxing, and I had to hold him up or he would have fallen to the ground. Bearing him to the foot of the tree, I laid him gently upon the grass, and then kneeling down, supported his head with my arms. I looked at his face: it was pale and livid; a cold clammy sweat lay like condensed steam upon his forehead: his lips were purple; his lower jaw had fallen; his eyes were almost fixed: the shadow of death was deepening fast: I saw plainly enough that in a few more seconds the night would have begun. Oh! the agony of that moment! I took his cold hand in mine; I spoke to him; I told him that I had not known him, I had taken him for a bushranger; I begged that he would forgive me; I saw his lips move in mockery of a reply, but there was a gurging in his throat; his speech was gone. And yet he spoke. His hand pressed mine, gently, feebly it is true: but he did press it I know, and, but for that one token of forgiveness, I should have been the most wretched of living men. Once, too, I had seen his eyes turn slowly towards me, ans then towards the tree beneath the shadow of which he was dying. I thought at the time there was something there that he wanted, but as I could see nothing, and as the poor fellow could make no reply, no sign even in answer to my question, I ceased to think of the matter, and fixed my thoughts once more upon the noble wreck that lay before me, and upon the rashness and folly that had made me the instrument of his death. Yes! of his death! For when I looked again at the blue glassy eyes, even their glassiness had gone. He had fallen over my arm: the fingers were stiffening visibly. Pat, poor honest, faithful Pat, was dead! —l knew it, but I would not believe it. I felt his pulse: I placed my hand upon his heart—I stooped low and listened for the sound of his breath- ing—I spoke to him; I might as well have spoken to the trees. Even in the hot glare of that Australian summer I saw the body was becoming stiff and cold. half an hour passed—half an hour of bitter agony and remorse, before I had resolution enough to acknowledge to myself that Pat was dead, and that I was his mur derer. The innocent murderer, God knew, but still the murderer for all that—and the rash murderer too. I had sufficient cournge now to look for the wound. I wondered that I had not thought of it before; but poor Pat had not lived more than a few minutes after we met, and in those few minutes I was too much over- powered by the result to think of its causes. There was very little blood about his dress. Some there was on the skirts of the coat on the right hand side, and it seemed to have run from a wound a little above the hip. Unbuttoning his waistcoat, I found that a large pocket-handkerchief had been carefully folded, and used to staunch the blood which had oozed from a bullet wound just below the ribs. The sight of the handkerchief surprised me. Pat could not have placed it there after I had fired. There had not been time. True, he might have done it after the first shot, but if he had I should have heard of him. I felt sure of that. Everything had been so still that he could not have taken off his coat without my seeing or hearing him. What if I had not shot him at all? What if he had been shot by the man the report of whose rifle had startled me as I had descended the hill! Even the possibility of some one else being responsible for his death was a load taken from my mind. I looked about to see if I could discover any traces of a struggle or any footprints of another man. There were neither: but there was something else, the sight of which would have pained me at any other time, but a source of the greatest consolation to me now—all along the track by which poor Pat had crept through the bushes from the moment that I first saw him until I fired the first shot there were spots of fresh blood. But he had been wounded, then, before I tired, and I was not his mur derer. Oh! —the joy that I felt as I looked down upon those drops of blood! They were indeed the relics of the dead—of the best, thc most faithful of friends—of one over whose death-bed I had stood but a few moments before the most wretched of men: and as such relics they should have redoubled my grief; but to me they were were something more than this—they were silent but infallible witnesses that Pat had not died by his master's hand; and I knelt down upon the grass beside him and thanked God that he had not. When I rose again I was calm—sad, sick at heart, yet calm. The world might disbelieve me: my temper was hasty; people might, think that in a momont of passion I had raised my pistol against my friend, but what of that? A moment ago my own con science had reproached me: now, my conscience was at ease, and so the world might judge as it liked. I resolved to place the body in some hollow tree for the present, and then hurry on to Clyde and send a bullock dray for its removal. I walked round the tree, behind which poor Pat had concealed himself to see if it would answer my purpose. On the far side, just where Pat had stood, lay upon the ground a scrap of paper and a pencil. I picked them up. The pencil I knew well. It was an old one of my own that I had given to Pat a day or two before. The handwriting on the paper I could not rccognise. It was Pat's of course, but the hand that had traced the letters had trembled so much that the words were scarcely legible. With some little difficulty I made them out. They ran thus— "When you find me master,I shall be gone; I'm bleeding fast. They rode grey horses as did it, they were two. I heard them mention your name; for God's sake turn back master; I heard them say they should wait for you at—" The word was illegible. Indeed half the words were illegible and I could only make them out by the context. This being a proper name, I could not for the life of me decipher it. "Good-bye master, God bless you. Don't let the parson bury me. Send Biddy my money. Turn—." Here the letter came suddenly to an end. I under- stood everything now, poor Pat had been shot by a bushranger, by one probably of the very men that I had seen at the public-house and that had already got ahead of me. He had been creeping to the road side to die there that so I might see bis body as I passed along the track. As I descended the hill on foot I was hidden from his sight by the horse that I had purposely placed between myself and that side of the wood on which he lay. His eyes, half glazed in death, had failed to recognize the Arab mare. He had mistaken me for another bushranger, and had tried to concealed himself in the scrub. He had recognised me as I sprang up among the bushes; he had welcomed me with that idiotic laugh, the effort had been too much for him; it had increased the internal hemorrhage that had already set in, and had lived just long enough to die in my arms, Poor Pat! Of all this I felt as certain now as if he had told me the history himself. 