COUNTRY LETTERS. ROBE, October 15. Wool lias begun arriving. Owing to the wet winter the bulk of the clip will be washed-the reverse of the previous season. At a successful entertainment in the Institute last evening the Judge and party were present, and the Hall was well filled. Vocal and instru mental music, in which two new songs by Mr. Tripp-" I saw Esau Kissing Kate," and " Don't be after Ten"-were the most noticeable features, came before " Box and Cos," well played by Messrs. Tripp, Gcll, and Grosse. Arrangements are being made for new scenery, &c.;, which will be an acquisition to the resources of the Dramatic Club, and an extra attraction to the public. WILLUNGA, October 15. At the examination on Thursday of the school which Mr. Bassett has conducted suc cessfully for 23 years there was a crowded audience. Dr. Wyatt, Chief Inspector, pre sided, and the general excellence of the replies was gratifying. Mr. Bassctt being a well-known mathematician, the boys were expected to be proficient in figures, and their books showed abstruse problems in mensuration thoroughly worked out. A varied display of maps and orna mental writing showed a decided improvement, and specimens by Charles Lipson and William Whitefluld were gems of artistic finish, and the writing was generally good, liecitations, comic and sentimental, were well rendered, the best by Thomas Lipson (grandson of the late Captain Lipson, R.K.). Those of Mrs. Bassett's branch were tested in the after noon. The crush of visitors was such that one half could not get in, and regrets were expressed that the Oddfellows' Hall had not been engaged. The girls* examination was decidedly satisfac tory. Musical selections were played and sung, and specimens of needlework shown were excel lent. Dr. Wyatt remarked that these schools were second to none under his inspection. He hoped Mr. and Mrs. Bassett might long continue in their sphere of usefulness. Mr. Bassett replied that this was not a dernier rissorl to gain a livelihood, and lie intended to continue, not ?jtiutmiJing rtiB luge slice the retrenchment policy had tsken off his income. The children were then entertained with ample refreshment, sports, and games.-Commuiiicated. SADDLEWORTH, October 15. The first annual meeting of the local branch of the Bible Society was held on Thursday evening in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, when the Rev. J. B. Austin attended as the deputa tion, and Mr. Wm. Gurr presided. The Secre tary's report showed the difficulties the branch had to contend with during its first year owing | to dull times and scarcity of money. Mr. W. 33\. Roberts moved the adoption of the report, and the Rev. J. B. Austin, in an interesting address, seconded. During a speech of an hour he narrated recent facts and figures in connec- ; tios with the Parent Society, and dwelt on the influence of the Bible in nance, Spain^ and other countries, mentioning that the King of Prussia interested himself in the spread of the sacred volume, and gave a donation of £25 per year to the institution. Capital anecdotes interspersed throughout maintained the interest. The resolution was adopted. Hie Rev. J. Standrin briefly but warmly moved-"That this meeting, sensible of the importance and catholicity of the British and Foreign Bible Society, pledges itself to increased effort and prayer for its success during the ensuing year." Mr. SiftlrmftiiTi seconded the motion, which was carried. The third resolution, embodying thanks to Officers, Committee, and Collectors, and nominating those for the ensuing year, was moved by Mr/Moule, seconded by Mr. Goodes, and earned. The income has been £79a. lid. SALISBURY, October 20. The annual meeting of the Branch Bible Society on Friday evening, in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, was well attended, and Mr. "W. Diment, of Beaford, presided. The report, read by the Rev. J. R. Ferguson, showed good progress and augmented funds, mainly due to the assiduity of lady collectors. The Rev. Mr. Piper, in a lengthy and interesting speech, set forth the Society's claims, and an admirable address was given by the Rev. J. H. Williams. The Rev. Samuel Knight preached anni versary sermons at the Wesleyan Church on Sunday. The evening congregation was very crowded. On Monday tea and public meetings were successful, the Revs. J. Haslam, J. H. "Williams, W. S. Worth, J. R. Ferguson, and G. W. Patchell, Mesas. Diment, and Litchfield being the speakers. Mr. Swann presided. Haymaking is now in full progress, and machines are at work on every hand. KERSBROOK, October 17. On Tuesday the Band of Hope, to the number of about 80, accepted an invitation from Mrs. Penna to a picnic near Spring Gully, where unlimited refreshments were provided, and games were engaged in from early morn till sunset. All were pleased, and no accident marred the enjoyment of about the_ most successful similar gathering ever held in the neighbourhood. At night the annual meeting was held, and several names were added to the roll. CLARE, October 15. The Amateur Star Christys have given two entertainments to clear off the debt of the Amateur Theatricals, an object now accom plished, and the two Clubs will unite in raising funds for the School and the Institute. Last night visitors from Riverton expressed a high opinion of their acting and songs, and others from the Burra considered the burlesque of " Somnambula" excellent. After that we may be excused lauding them. At the Presbyterian anniversary meetings a stall realized £11, and the tea and collections brought £16. Wheat still comes in driblets to the mill. WOODSIDE October 17. Deep sympathy is felt for the widow and family of the late Mr. Adolph Koch, who died suddenly on Monday night. The deceased, an old resident and much respected, was until within the last 12 months a strong man, during which he was subject to what was considered liver complaint, but from this he appeared to have recovered. He was up to the day of his death attending to business. On Monday he was at Lobethal renovating the grave of his first wife, and on return had a good tea, and spoke of being much better than usual. He retired apparently well, but shortly after called Mrs. Koch, who became alarmed and sent for the doctor, but before the messenger had proceeded a hundred yards Mr. Koch expired. The deceased was buried at Lobethal Cemetery.on Wednesday, the funeral procession comprising 35 brother Oddfellows, 48 vehicles, and 14 horsemen. BLINMAN, October 17. News of Mr. Todd and party passing Beltana has been heard during the week. The expedi tion appears to have made a thoroughly successful commencement, and doubtless ere many months are passed a portion of the line will be in operation. It_ is hoped the day may not be distant when the iron road will follow the wire. Several hot days have been followed by a change, light showers having fallen during the night, and this morning it is cool. MENINDIE, October 5. The Sydney authorities are at last recognising and rewarding our officials. Trooper Bay ley lias beei? furnished with a pair of stripes, and Mr. J. Cronan, teacher, raised to first-class honours, with corresponding pay and emolu ments. A town commonage of 16,000 acres has been granted, with five respectable namas gazetted as Managers. Other concessions are yet wanted, as wo pay largely to the revenue, and expect a part to be expended in the district. _ TRURO, October 18. j The anniversary sermons of the Congrcga- i tional Church were preached on the 9th by the Rev. James Henderson, of Port Adelaide, to j moderate congregations, as the weather pre vented many attending. Next day about 250 Angaston and North Rhine being well repre sented-had tea. Mr. Henderson then delivered his lecture on "Oddities of Genius" to a crowded assembly, many being unable to obtain scats. The Rev. P. Barr presided, and the Revs. Hanney and Gibson, of Anpaston, were present. The Sunday-School children had tea next day, and the weather being fine, enjoyed sports and games. On Wednesday, at the examination of Mr. Torbitzky's school, Pine Hut, the Rev. P. Barr, Mr. Scott, J.P., Messrs. Stopkins and Miethke, (teachers of St. Kitts and Truro) were present, and the room was filled with parents and visitors. MONARTO, October 17. The anniversary sermons of Long Valley Wes leyan Chapel were preached en the 9th by the Rev. James Haslam, Circuit minister, and by Mr. Berry, of Callington. In the afternoon Mr. Haslam gave an address, and the children recited. Considering the heavy rains the atten dances were good. On Monday, after the scholars had refreshments and games, a public tea was well patronised, and the meeting was largely attended. Mr. W. 0. Bourn, School Superin tendent, presided, and Mr. T. Webber, jun., read a satisfactory report and financial state ment. Messrs. J. Venning, H. Cross, E. Hender, W. Godden, J. Berry, and Haslam then spoke. Proceeds of services, £4 18s. INMAN VALLEY, October 17. On the 11th the Bible Christians held a social tea to inaugurate the commencement of a place of worship, when the Revs. J. Foster, J. Counter, and C. Hodge spoke on the importance of the work. Receipts, £6. The Mutual Improvement Class gave a miscel laneous entertainment at the Independent Chapel, when Messrs. Hodge, J. A. Lush, P. Bouudy, and W. R. Softley read or recited. It rained for nearly 12 hours incessantly on Saturdaj- night and Sunday morning. YAN KALI LLA, October 18. At the Institute soiree, on Thursday, Mes dames Mole, Millner, and Catlow (Pinniss Vale), and Messrs. Lewis, Hibbert, Good, Genery, and Lillywhite, contributed to the musical part, and Messrs. Scott, J. A. Leak, and Boys gave read ings. The attendance was good, and the pro ceeds will aid the piano fund. PORT AUGUSTA, October 17. The weather was fine and very warm until yesterday, when a change came o'er the scene in a light thunderstorm, which has purified the air and made it pleasant. Business is very dull, considering that the wool season is the harvest time of this place. BURRA, October 20. At the opening of the railway it was felt that the children should in fairness have a treat to celebrate so important an event. From a few expressions let fall by persons in authority, it was concluded that a special train would be allowed to convey the little ones up and down the line a short "distance at a trifling cost. Further correspondence fixed the cost so high as to be beyond the reach of children of poor people, and as it was felt that all should have the privilege of joining any festival, the idea of a railway trip was abandoned, and a monster picnic organized to Mr. McCuIloch's paddock at Princess Royal. He, with usual kindness, placed paddock and garden at tho dis pood of the Committee, only regretting that Hie fruit tm not ripe so bb to enhance tl» pleasure. On Monday last nearly era® vehicle that "would go upon wheels waspressed into the service of conveying the majority_of Burraites to the Princess Royal, where by mid day there were perhaps 800 persons assembled. As tie day was fine they enjoyed themselves to their hearts' content in all kind of outdoor games amongBt the green grass and trees. Some of the elder folk took as much delight in the mirnpg 0f childhood as the youngsters them selves. A public subscription supplied cake, tea, and o&er; refreshments to the children, whilst adults took their own provisions. At 4 p.m. a genera! return commenced, and at sundown all had left the grounds except three or four unfortunates who_ had turned tliw'r horses out hobbled and bridled to pick the lovely grass; but the animals, wishing to enjoy themselves also, had wandered off to a snug little valley among the hills at the farther end of the paddock, and not being forthcoming at the necessary time their owners had to return home on foot and leave their tr&p; behind them. Only two slight accidents happened worth noticing. One arose from a horse, with cart, bolting after the driver had alighted. The vehicle was injured badly in the shafts. The other misfortune occurred through a wheel coming off. No personal injuries of any nature occurred. Miss Thome has been preaching to good con gregations during the week in connection "with Bible Christian places of worship. STREAKY BAT, October 14. To a memorial fonjarded through our mem bers to the Commissioner of Crown Lands a few weeks ago, praying for the declaration of a hundred, no decided answer has yet been received. Though the immediate neighbour hood of the township is sand and scrub, with patches of grass, chiefly black, there is^ those say who are acquainted with such subjects, _a large extent of good agricultural land within three or four miles. As this proximity to a safe and easily accessible harbour would do away with one of the greatest difficulties farmers inland have to contend with-the want of access to a market-it seems probable that, should this land be offered under the new Act, it would be readily taken up by farmers or those who wish to become such. STRATHALBYN, October 20. The anniversary sermons of the Primitive Methodist Sunday-School were preached by the Rev. J. G. Wright to large congregations. In the afternoon the children recited pieces and sung hymns very creditably. On Monday after noon school and public teas were well attended, and at night the Rev. J. G. Wright presided, ! when addresses were given, pieces sung, and a collection made. Total proceeds, £13 5s. _ At Mr. Close's large sale of stock in the Terminus Hotel Yards most of the farmers in the neighbourhood were present. MEADOWS, October 17. On Saturday a match came off at Echunga between 11 of Meadows and 16 of Ecliunga Clubs, in which the former were again victorious, frith 43 runs to spare. The conquerors made in the first innings 90; G. Holland scoring 16, F. W. Vickery 22, and A. Woodgate 32; in the ! second a total of 35. The others obtained in i their first turn 37; C. G. Taplin getting 21, and in the second the sum was 45; of which number W. M. Morris took 15, and Taplin 10. Mr. Considine's contract for road between here and Bushy Flat, and Mr. Sounder's for McHarg's Creek, are being pushed on, but not so with Mr. Datley's contract between Meadows and Echunga. This appears to be at a stand still, and some portions of the work have been left in a dangerous state, making it unsafe for night traffic except to those acquainted with the place. Another change in mail drivers raises the hope that the right one will be found at last. Theie is considerable sickness in the neigh bourhood. Dr. Harrison, of Mount Barker, is here weekly vaccinating. The specifications for the new schoolroom at Bull's Creek have been prepared. GOOLWA, October 19. On Tuesday evening the annual meeting of the Branch Bible Society was held in the Court House ; Mr. G. Eaton presiding. The Secretary's report showed that Bibles to the value of £10 7s. lid., had been sold. The free donation to the Parent Society was not so large as last year,. principally owing to depressed times and the want of collectors. The total amount added to the collections was about £11 12s. 3d. Addresses were given by the Revs. J. G. Wright and H. Fenton, the deputation. The officers appointed were President, Mr. T. Jones; Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. T. Goode, jun.; Committee, Messrs. H. Parkinson, G. Eaton, T. Goode, W. Barber, A. Graham, M. Richards, W. Evans, T. R. Sumner, W. Rogers, and resident ministers. PORT*ELLIOT, October 18. The annual meeting of the Local Branch Bible Society was held on Monday evening in the District Schoolroom; Dr. Campbell, of Adelaide, presiding. The Rev. J. Hotham read portion Psalm cix., and the Rev. H. Fenton (deputation from Adelaide) offered prayer. The Chairman gave an interesting address on the nature and extent of the Society's opera tions. Mr. Hotham, the Secretary, reported 40 copies of Scriptures had been sold at the branch depot, and donations were about £3. He then referred to the great benefits likely to arise from Bible revision now being carried on, and hoped that the reception of the work, when completed, would be general. _ Mr. Fenton entered fully into the Society's objects, and detailed interesting particulars connected with its operations in various parts of the world, particularly mentioning recent events in Spain, and urging that the people of this hitherto priest-ridden country had generally received tne Bible with avidity. After the col lection the following were elected:-Treasurer, Mr. A. Bowman; Secretary, Mr. H. C. Scarf e; Committee, Rev. J. Hotham, Messrs. J. Adams, D. Golding, B. Welch, andW. Treneman. PORT WAKEFIELD, October 20. The Stipendary Magistrate and Justices were buisy on Court-day, and three gentlemen of the long robe practisiag their profession. Some cases caused much amusement, and as there was not much doing outside the Court was well attended. During the proceedings a professional from Tfnprmifa assured the visitors that if they could not keep from ha-ha-haing, he would re quest the Bench to have the Court cleared. Complaints are made of people bathing at the Point. Hie place is certainly a nice one, but is opposite a dwelling, and many have been thus prevented from visiting this cottage during the summer. The least men can do is to have certain hours for bathing there, say before 6*30 a.m. and after 6"30 p.m. Possibly if a limit is not t-it-pn the police may interfere. AUBURN, October 19. The anniversary sermons of the Bible Christian Sunday-School were preached by the Be vs. A. Stubbs (Wesleyan), Trewin, and Lake. At a pubh'c meeting on Monday addresses were delivered by the Revs. Lake and Irewin, Messrs. Walters and Taylor. Tea for the public and children was previously provided. Proceeds, £10. At a public lecture by the Rev. J. M. Day, of Kapunda, in the Town Hall on Monday, in con nection with the Mutual Improvement Society subject, "The true story of ghosts that I have Been"-there was a good attendance. The audience testified appreciation by frequently applauding. Vooal singing added to the enjoy ment. The proceeds were about £310s. The branch of the Evangelical Allianceheld a meeting at the Bible Christian Chapel on Tues day, when addresses by Messrs, A. Gray, Castine, Walters, and Oldham were delivered on the observance of the Sabbath. The Rev. J. Lyall, who is travelling to recruit his health, was expected to preside, but was through ^disposi tion prevented, and Mr. J. H. Adamson occupied the chair. ..... The road to Sfltddlcworth demands the pxtcu* tion of Parliament. Notwithstanding petitions, &c.;, it is almost impassable, and the inhabitants have to forward and receive their goods via Tarlce. Thus the Government, instead of feeding the railway, compel people to employ carriers, who are obliged to go IS in lieu of o miles. MORPliETT VALE, October 21. The anniversary of the Baptist Sunday-School took place to-day. The scholars assembled at the chapel at 10 a.m., and were conveyed in wagons and carts to Port Onkaparinga beacli, where refreshments were served to them and numerous parents andfrieuds in the* store lent by Mr. J.Clark, J.P. Acricketmatch, previously ar ranged between these juveuiles and those of the Horseshoe, resulted in favour of the latter. Boating on the river, and other amusements were greatly enjoyed. At 4 o'clock all reas sembled, and after singing a hymn, the Rev. I). Badger gave a suitable address, concluding with prayer, when the conveyances were refilled and returned. Much satisfaction has been expressed at the appointment of Mr. C. II. Myles as a J.P., owing to the distances other Justices reside from the township. Another old colonist, Mr. Joseph Pike, died very suddenly. He was standing looking at the return of the scholars last night quite well. Complained about 9 o'clock of pain in his breast, and died at 1 a.m. of old age, having attained fourscore years. 