THE COMIC HISTORY OF AUSTRALIA. By Punch's Patent Historian. With Illustrations by Walker Chalks, R.A. To R. Wisdom, Esq., M.L.A., for the Lower Hunter and the Gold- fields North — Punch sends this little question and greeting : — " The wise men, from the East, we know came forth — Then what must you be coming from due North ?" Chapter Xll.—Agricultooralooral. From year's end to year's end. Agriculturists always are the most contented and disinterested men in the world. The agriculturists of our infant colony were no exception to the rule, and took no exception to any of the ndes which Governor Phillip thought proper to lay down. It must be confessed, however, that they picked the said rules up as quickly as they were laid down, having good perceptions. They grew cereals. They also grew satisfied with their lots. as well as with their allotments. The first months of their colonial expe- rience were bitter, but their wheat years were pregnant with swheat conso- lations, though the culture of grain was a regular swheater to most of %hem. The settlers upon the Hawkesbury enjoyed for a brief period what might be called the barley-sugar of existence. The soil was prolific— so were the toilers. The fields produced huge crops of wheat, barley, oats, and rye ; and the tillers of the fields produced large crops of young Australians. But the most wonderful were the corn crops, which struck everybody with amaizement. Being struck, of course everybody returned the blow, and for some months did nothing but blow about the goodness of their land, the bounty of their harvests, and the general progress of the settlement. About this time the class known as "The Cornstalks " rose up and began to make their influence felt. They sprang up as if by magic, and flourished in the Spring ; and it is possibly in celebration of this fact that their descendants of the present day are in the habit of wearing jumpers — have, in fact, made jumpers a part of then- habit. From these Cornstalks proceeded numerous branches of the Cob family, but I am not aware whether any of them have been at any time engaged in the coaching traffic. As they had a good deal to do with horses, and are at the present day to be found in every well regulated stable, I am inclined to think that the Corn cob is a very near relative to the coach Cobb. This is, how ever, a mere supposition of mine, based principally upon the well-known fact that the coach Cobb can't get on at all without the assistance of the corn cob. The farmers who had settled them- selves at Parramatta were a very lively corpse, and worked up the land with great energy. They were as busy as bees, and being good Christians, re- garded idollers with the greatest ab- horrence. Altogether there was such a lot of agricultural produce raised, that a granary had to be erected, and was erected accordingly. Despite the plenty the people couldn't get a piece of it. The wheat was wanted for seed, and none of it was ever seed in an eatable form. It was put under lock and key, and the colonists were again put under short allowance. Strange to say, this short allowance, though as a matter or course, extremely light, was found to weigh very heavily upon those who were put under it. N ot being able to raise a feed, they were quite unable to raise their spirits, although, as may be imagined, some of them were in a rum condition. Feeling the sharp pricks of hunger, some of the most abandoned commenced to kick against the pricks. The only result of this was to exhaust themselves and get the pricks made sharper, and goodness knows there were enough sharpers in the colony as it was. It was at this period that an explor- ing party — I mean to say a party of explorers — were sent to penetrate the Blue Mountains. They must have been rather green to attempt such a feat, and of course their efforts were de- feated. Lieutenant Dawes led the heroes on to glory, and he rose him- self quite equal to the occasion. I don't know whether his Christian name was John, or whether he ever had any ancestors residing at Rheims, but you may rely upon this portrait as conveying a correct idea of the old bird. How Dawes got to be a lieutenant I cannot say, but we may suppose that as Dawes are proverbially fond of peacocks' feathers, this particular Dawes had a penchant for martial finery. However, he was a soldier, and he led this exploring party as near to the Blue Mountains as they could get — so near that they saw the blue turn green and the trees growing among the cloud-capped summits. They had rather an uncomfortable trip of it, had rough bush experiences, and found the woods were not exactly the pleasantest places in the world. One night the party, in the temporary absence of their leader, were fright- ened out of their wits (such as they had) by supernatural noises. 'Twas a fine moonlight night. The silver orb shone down upon the whispering trees, making bright pathways through the lacing boughs— silvering the quivering leaves that danced with delight amid the glorious radiance — casting ghost like shadows round about those bold adventurers who lay stretched in the attitudes of repose. They slept, and woke the echoes of the wood with the sonorous harmony of a domestic chant for eight noses. Seven lay upon the dewy earth. One who had been set to watch, but who sat down to watch more comfortably, was asleep with his back against a tree. Where was the leader of that gallant band ? There should have been nine noses chorusing beneath the silent stars : there were but eight. Ha !— what sound is that which rouses up the sleeping woods, which wakes the watcher, and which that watcher hears reverberating among the hills for about five minutes ? Bang! Merciful heavens! There it is again; and again ; and yet again ! The watcher is paralysed. His comrades cease their performances upon the naso- cleide, and start up affrighted. Again that sound comes crashing through the trees. The watcher smiles : " It's doors banging in the mountains," he mutters, and composes himself again to sleep. Doors banging in the mountains ? Why what demoniac portals can they be ? Presently their leader makes his appear- ance, and from the number of opossums which he carries it is evident to ! all that " Dawes" has been "banging in the mountains." I Dawes and his companions were nine days absent from the settlement, and returned very much the worse for wear. They hadn't done anything worth mentioning. They knew no more about the blue mountains than they did about the man in the moon ; and so they treated exploring1 just as they might have done a hard riddle — they gave it up. By this time the year 1789 had come to its end, and, of course, 1790 came to its end also - or rather to its beginning. The latter year began, in fact, just where 1789 left off. It must be admitted that 1790 didn't begin so well as it might have done, for the stock grievance — an exhaustion in the stock of pro visions, again put the people on starvation rations. Then the female popu- lation began to increase so much faster than the male, that it was feared the nation would be wholly feminine. There were only three masculine pigs out of a litter of twelve ; only one gentleman kid out of seven born in one month ; and only two pueri to a host of puellae. This was consi- dered serious. Then the Sinus was wrecked at Norfolk Island which was more sirius still ; and having received no news from England for two years, the colonists were getting reckless. They strove to dispel their sorrows, as well as their hunger, by shooting and fishing. The fish, however, didn't- bite, consequently the fishers couldn't ; and there is no record of their having shot anything except "the cat" — which was shot several times by bilious persons who ventured outside the Heads in rough weather. (To be continued. ) "A brief period." This is not a legal phrase. It has no reference to a period of briefs. — Author's Note. under lock and key. slt dor i n o the cat. Portrait of Jack-Dawe (or Dawes.) (From the original picture in the posses- sion of the Dawe-dle family.) A Corn Crop. 