The Last Thing out in American Sectarianism, 'JEHOVAH'S BAND'— A SECT OF PUFFING, BLOWING. WHISTLING, SHOUTING, JUMPING, WRESTLING, ROLLING, AND KICKING RELIGIONISTS IN NEW JERSEY. Gkeat religious excitement exists in Hacopin, twelve miles from Paterson. A new religious society, called 'Jehovah's Band,' has been etorted, sup planting a favourite station of the Methodist Church. The Methodists sent their best preachers to combat the heresy, but they are repudiated. Each in turn is forced to leave. The peculiar form of worship developes itself in puffing, blowing, whistling, shouting, jumping, wrestling, falling to the floor, and rolling over and kicking. Both women and men engage in the exercises. Baptism is by immersion in the village mill-pond at the dead hour of night. On Sunday they hold continuous service, and take a recess for meals only, refusing to read a newspaper, or even to receive a letter on that day. Every Thursday evening they held their moetings in the 'school-house, until a difficulty about the candles used led them to leave it, and now they meet i in any house in the neighbourhood whero the spirit manifests itself. John Rhinesmith, a wealthy and well-to-do farmer of the neighbourhood, is the chief man of the band, and recently had his house rebuilt espe cially to accommodate the brethren ; one room resting on strong beams, it stands tho jumping ; but about a month ago an ardent momber, in a paroxysm of fanaticism, declared that when filled by the Holy Ghost he felt as light as air, and even though they jumped upon a looking-glass they would net so much as bruiBe it with a scratch ; whereupon he began to leap upon the stove-hearth and broke it off, and then leaping on tho top broke in the frail covers, and finally smashed a big rock ing-chair before he subsided. Recently Rhinesmith baptized Gilbert B. Speaker, a man of family and a convort to the new faith, tho baptism taking place in Rhinesmith's mill-pond, boforo the members of the. band amid shout* and cries, the whole gang at one time shouted ' fire,' to I the alarm of others in the neighbourhoood, it being then after midnight. One of the baud told a reporter that as he was at work in his burn he got the spirit, and that he ran one mile over ditches and fences before the spirit left him, and all this time he was elated that he thought he was flying. When jumping'in ecstacy of the Holy Ghost, they say their epii-its rise above their bodies. They permit no person, excepting those belonging to the band, to join with them in singing or jumping, or any other oi1 their exercises, although no objec tion is made to the attendance of outsiders at the meetings of the band. A dozen will huve the floor at once pounding and kicking, and the whole crowd seems worked up to a fearful state of excitement — some jumping until they fail, the women shrieking in the wildest manner, and others praying, whistling, or puffing, as for a wager. They permit no levity on the part of the young folks during their proceedings. Mr. Oobn, one of tho band, is thought to be growing insane under the excitement of this religiouB phroney. There is no doubt that tho members of the band are sincere enthusiasts. The society now numbers over 500 members. — A'etc York telegram to the Cincinnati C-in-mercial. 