SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ST. MABY'S DOMINICAN CONVENT, FRANK- LIN STREET.—On Sunday, March 6th, the foundation-stone of a new Dormitory, about to be added to the Dominican Convent, Franklin street, was laid. At three o'clock, the. ,«eremony, which was in accordance with We Roman Ritual, was commenced by the Very Rev. John Smyth, V.G., assisted by ttie Rev. J. E. Tenison Woods, and the Rev. rather Roche. After the stone was laid the people adjourned to the schoolroom of the Convent, where a very eloquent and appropriate sermon was preached by the Very llev W Smyth, J.G., who took his text from <*ospel of St. Matthew, xxviii. c., 19 and 20 v "Going, therefore, teach ye all nations; baptising in the name of the Father, jnd. of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever! have commanded you; and lo' I am WUi you all days, even to the consummation ot;the world." In the course of his remarks lather Smyth drew the attention of his hearers_to the fact that teaching is the special office of the Church, and that therefore those who were engaged in it should be looked upbn as coadjutors of the clergy. He congratulated the diocese upon having such a school as that taught by the Dominican frnns a school where the highest branches of secular ieducation were taught and combined with religious instruction. He reminded his hearers of the last Christmas examination, when although the school had WW been opened eight months, those who had the privilege of being present were witnesses of an exhibition which could not be equalled for any other educational establishment in the colony. This was a matter for onccareand earnest thanftdness, and he hoped that the noble efforts of the Dominican Nuns pa behalf of their children would always be appreciated by the Catholics of Adelaide. We also referred in complimentary terms to the labours of the Sisters of St. Joseph in the 5, r 00 r ' cause of education. After the address a collection was made, which amounted to about £31 17s. 6d. The building, which is of a Gothic design, will be 41 feet long by 16 feet 6 inches wide in the clear, and 22 feet 6 inches high. The architects are Messrs. Wright, Woods, and Hamilton, and the builders Messrs. Bennett and Giddings, who have taken the contract at £311. —Irish Harp.. 