While the' various xnining doctors, both ' lay and professional, are puzzling their brains over tbe best method of treatment, it seems by no means improbable that the patient Ballarat "will get well of itself. Bitter ; experience haSvtaught the delusiveness of great expectations. Overbuoyancy has given , way to thoughtful earnestness, ambition to pnidence, a.nd; extravagance ..to ..economy. 'Shareholders no longer - think that - a, New- North Climes can be made out of every quartz reef, as:it ,-ras once said one. might kick an orator out of every bush in Ireland. The feet is, we are in the pennyweight era of mining, and the golden ages of pounds' and ounces have passed never to return, except, perhaps, in that remarkable locality, Berlin, where they : pkrugh up nuggets as they do potatoes in Yorkshire. At last the advice of our good mothers, " take care, "of the pence mid the pounds will take care 6? themselves"— is" coming home to hs. Ballarat. world, and being overcrowed by Bendigo, aud it is not unnatural that this should 'be the case in a locality where two claims only used to yield more ounces in a week than all the mines of Sandhurst. It may be some little time before we become quite reconciled to moderate returns for investment ; but tbe sooner we do so the better sense shall we ; diqilay. With our minds once made up to , '' snail profits and quick returns," we shall ; 'jog along smoothly and steadily, neither envy ing nor being envied. Having once become accustomed to "ten or fifteen per cent divi dends we shall look upon the striking of a rich gutter, or a gold impregnated quartz reef, in the light of an occasional bonus, as an agreeable thing enongli in its way, but nothing to go mad about. They will soon be regarded as the horse radish to onr roast beef the capers to our boiled mutton, the salad to our cheese — condiments that may be dispensed with, bnt all the more welcome when they come unexpectedly. We know it is sorely against the grain for a Ballarat speculator to settle down to a hum-drum ' money-grubbing existence. Visions of. big dividends and enormous rises in tbe market will for a tame, like Banqno's ghost, disturb his serenity, and spoil his appetite for the now more frugal meal. ' The ' stalled ox is still coveted where the dinner of herbs skonld be eaten in contentment. The spavined cab horse and' the- rough joltings of an Albert car seem a poor " exchange for the prancing bays, .and the smooth-rolling chariot. Colonial beer, it must -be con fessed, is not a:nice substitute for-Cliquot, mutton broth for soupe a la bonne'/emme, plain beef steak for CQtelettes aux pefifspois certs, or red herrings' for- fried flounders. Yet.asdn before times -we -'have taken the rougli with" the emooth, living on a, pound' a week for one year, and rolling in dividends for the next two or three, so must we once more make np our minds to accept the world aait yr&gs;, neither repining at straitened means, nor becoming insolent at excep tional success. r Hot that we think "Ballarat will ever descend to the dead level of Castlemaine, Maryborough, or Inglewood. Tkereis far too much of the old spirit of enterprise left/v the old ardour for conquest, the ambition to be first in ihp racCjof life, to allow. Ballarat to becomes, secanil-rahe town. -Briefly, we have become too big ever to - become little again. Once a centre Ballarat -will always be a centre, alike the focus of speculation, and the great market of the ulterior. Al though not independent of our gold yield, we can better tlion any other district afford tkatitshould be diminished and brought low. There is a great manufacturing future before us, and being an adaptable people, we can easily tell off our surplus miners for other duty.- -Mere vanity would make us blush to be told that we are degenerating into a meat preserving community. Ad honest pride in the vigor and versatility of our population enables us to smile superior to such small sneering. With its factories plus .its .gold Ballarat will never yield'its snpremacy. It. is well for Bendigo to boast of its inexhaustible and prolific lodes. They were its last resource—the one trump card left in the pack, the single honor with which to win the trick; Its gullies scraped down to the bed rock, its flats puddled away to Lower Huntly, its_ ranges affording but scant subsistence to the omnivorous goat, the auriferous quartz belts have been a per fect godsend to Sandhurst. The utter naked ness of the land round Bendigo is "best "ex emplified by the fact that there is not, leaving Eaglekawk and Huntly out of the question, a single collection1 of a hundred houses within five and twenty miles of the place To show the splendid position, of .Ballarat it needs but a visit to Cobb's corner at niid-day, in the evening, and especially -at midnight. - Within a radius of twenty miles there are as many flourish ing communities. One-half our landscape is.occiipied- by highly cultivated farms, the" other half "ky the finest- forest in Vic toria — a territory, too, which possesses'the ulterior advantage of extreme fertility. Bendigo ..has ; become famous for its quartz yields from sheer necessity:" There was literally nothing else to turn to, so as to prevent Sandhurst becoming once more a portion -of theJBaraadown yun. The quartz era of Ballarat is all to come. Granted that the lodes at present Levels 'can only be made to pay by. toe exercise of great skill and economy, it still remains to be proved that they will not become richer as we go deeper. There is a growing conviction that this will, be the case, and an increasing desire to five aifajr trial "'to the quartz dykes both east and west of what is now regarded as the main line of reef Meantime, there are large fields of alluvial -wash. to be- "explored to the north-west, west, and south of Ballarat, which only require time and perseverance to develope. Slowly, it is true, and as yet by driHefij' is ' the enormous wealth which Ballarat. .sowed broadcast through toe country during toe past two years coming back in toe shape of dividends. In another twelvemonth we may expect handsome re- turns afromXlluntes, Creswick, Blackwood, Eerton, Gqpdon, Stoartanill, Pleasant CreSkjTBeitoworto, Talbot, Majorca, Mary- borongh, and other places which have been Fertilised If not actually" resuscitated by Ballarat capital. By "taking a pull" at ijuredvffi-'m toe meantime,' 'living "within onr tdamdHj «nil working our mines as eco nomically astossible, we'nhsll not onlyride, out toe storm in safety,. but bring back to port argosies perhaps- more richly freighted Ujan ever. „ ,"f ..; r; . . r ... r-.--.But to achieve this satisfactory end Twriiiag calls must bereduced to a minimum, and toe cooperation of labor with capital be encouraged in every pbssible way. Otherwise valuable properties will be irre trievably sacrificed, and toe sowers will have toe mortification of seeing toe harvest garnered by alien reapers. This must not be. And to prevent it, while toe clucking hens of toe community are spasmodically incubating half million nest eggs, some of the companies alreadv in existence are going the right way to work by giving tlieir miners a moderate "subsist," together with a fair interest in toe proceeds of their labor. This plan is coming more into favor day by day, and will soon, we think, be toe leading principle of Ballarat mining. By adopting this system toe miner becomes more "self- reliant and ambitious, and consequently does nearly twice as much work as if he were a mere wages man. In "many" cases " subsist" money is not required, which is all the better for the already over burdened shareholder. Still the principle is the same. In both cases a stimulus is given to exertion which is all potent in a commu nity like that of Ballarat. The tribute system will soon be almost es universal here as at Bendigo, '.'and we .believe will be at tended with equally happy results. When that day arrives we shall he excused for taking some pride to . ourselves for having been toe first to call public attention, by a . series of papers giving frets and figures, to this most admirable mode of amalgamating labor and capital . "... If the following important-statement made by the Age is well fonnded, Shis colony is near a general election. . Onr contemporary says in its. Saturday's -issue: — "Notwithstanding that the almost nnanimoaa voice ol : the . Legislative : Assembly has decided io favor of the abolition bf . State-odd to religion, there appears to be an immi nent- probability that the bill will he rejected by the Upper Honse. It is understood that it has been decided by a majority of tbe hoc. members of the Legislative Council that tbe bill shall be . offered an uncompromising opposition when' it comes np before that Chamber. Should the Legis- tive Council take the ill-edviaed course indicated, it is understood that an appeal to the country will be made at once by the other Honse, on the uisunct isaue or uir uumnuaw ana loan aDomiou of State -aid." Mr Dyte has requested us to state that he will be glad to receive -from mining managers and persons interested in .-mining generally, es much information as they can -furnish him with relative to tbe necessity of mining lease rents bring re- dnced. - As Mr Dy te's motion will come, on in the Assembly to-meirrW, Mr Dyte should be sup-: plied with the information he desires, not. later than this evening. , We are requested to call the attention of tbe depositors -in the Ballarat Savings Bank to the notification in onr advertising columns an nouncing the days upon which the audi tor appointed by the Commissioners of Savings Banks for the iuEpectlon of the depositors' pass-books will attend for that' purpose at the Ballarat Savings Bank, -viz., from Friday, 8th Jniy, till Tuesday, 12tb Jniy, both days inclusive. The National Insurance Company notify by ad vertisement in another column, that any person neiug or storing gasoline on. his premises, if in sured in that company, will vitiate his policy of insurance, A public meeting will be held on the Buogaree Racecourse on Thursday next to take into con sideration tbe proposed reduction of railway freight from Melbourne and Geelong to Ballarat. Mr H. R. C&selli;, in another column, invites those gentlemen who were" present at toe Mayors' Ball to attend -a- meeting at Craig's this afternoon, at- half-past four, tn arrange for the intended return bill. We would remind ' ratepayers in arrears io shire and road "districts that this is the 20th Jane, aha toat'iinless" they nay "their rates to-day their names will be excluded Horn the next annual roll. ' The National hotd in toe Main read is now crecked.io the. centre to the. very basement ; tbe bar windows are smashed, and one of the brick tops of the middle upstairs window is sadly out of toe horizontal. A little more rain, and a good Aigh: wind, oogfat to bring at least half toe bouse dawn. Still there is neither prop, stay, nor shore, and if the front ehonld happen to fall outwards the chances are about c-qoal that somebody will be killed. Lest.tbe catastrophe ehonld happen ton councillor, we would commend tbe corporate body . which holds its sittings in the Eastern Town Hall to exercise without delay the powers granted by the lSlh'sehednte of toe new Boroughs Statute. A young girl of rather prepossessing appear- ance was arrested yesterday /and lodged - in the Eastern lock-up on a charge ot vagrancy. A few days- ago she wag a witness in the polios court, when ebe swore that neither her sister, who is a widow with three children, nor herself, had any iatererairBe vhktoYer urith On ilia police visiting the house, however, two ngly Mongolians were found in it, one being in bed at the time. The girl's sister was absent, and ac cording to her own statement knew nothing of the matter. - Notwithstanding the vigilance of the police it is a notorious fact that day after day the Chinese either entice or entrap yonug girls into their houses, which, when once entered, are rarely left until, fortunately for the poor victims, tbe police .interfere under the powers given them by toe Vagrancy Statute. " " We understand it is something more than pro bable that Mrs -Charles Mathewg will appear for "one night only " at toe Theatre Royal tola week. .. _ . A law point of some importance in connection with frand summonses was raised at tbe District Police Court on Saturday, during; the hearibg of tbe . care Bonce -v NiehoL Mr Purcell, who ap peared. for the defendant, objected that two sum monses conld not be issned on the same judgment. After arguments, pro and con. had been heard the case was adjourned till Tuesday, when a decision will be given. Tbe Borough Council of Ballarat have surely entered into a compact with shoeblacks and bruslimakere, or they never would allow tbe footpath's io the neighborhood of toe Town Hall, and Mitchell's new bnildiogs to remain" in Boch A filthy condition. Walking there at night is specially disagreeable, as there -is no light by which a passenger can pick his or her way. The crossing by the Buck's Head ia In rather . a worse condition thai) it was last winter. We iare asked to remind owners of horses that the secretary will attend to-day at Brophy's bote) from four to nine p.m , for the purpose of receiv ing entries for tbe Buogaree races, to take place on the 23rd instant. . Tbe bazaar in aid of the Sebastopol Loyal Liberal Aasociation was continued in the local town hall last Saturday night, when, in -spite -of toe still slbppy etate bf the streets and roads, a very large nnmber of persons attended. Business was at once/entered into with spirit, and in a little while toe ball presented a scene of the live liest animation, Substantial prizas were eretf now and then iorna sway by. toremate: winners, and before tbe evening was half over every one seemed to have won 'something or another. The arrangements were moat satisfactory, and nothing conld exceed toe honrteey of: the fatostan&ldera; toroogbont the night. We have not yet been able to learn , toe precise amount realised, bnt judging from the brisk business which was transacted, we should say that the bazaar was decidedly successful, and in toe teethof toe most inauspicious weather. A sixth man — one Joseph Hardy — has been arrested, charged with being concerned in tbe burglary at' .'Mr '.Morris' hat and cap establish ment, Start street, on toe 16th iastaat. . jo. very success nu worKing-meo s meeting was held on Saturday night in toe Alfred Hall, when Mr W. T. Dimaey qccapied the .chair. ..The speaker was the Rev. T. E. Iek,» who-delivered-an interesting; address on total abstinence. There was besides the nsnal singing and recitations. A miner named James Fitzgerald was admitted to toe Hospital last Saturday, suffering from some braises which he received through the folliagtot some earth at the Band and Albion mine that afternoon. The variable nature of toe -weather was fur- tfcer exemplified on Saturday night, for sltbeugfa toe sky was dear and cloudless vivid flashes of lightning in the western, heavens were of frequent occurrence, a phenomenon VhLch 'may; be- taken as prognosticating a further fall of rain. .Tbe five "old bands"who are-Asspected of' bring concerned in toe burglary committed a few j nights 'ago at the ' shop of Mr Mora, in Start I street, wereTbronghTnp at the "District Polios '; Gonit on Gatur'day, and remanded till Tuesday, ' \- It will be remembered fbatafew nights ago two men were seen prowling about toe claim of a - pariy.of Chinese minen .at Little.-Beodigo, who! had previqaaly tiad a quantity bf gold dust stolen ; from Ahem. ..' Yesterday , Robert Maxwell andj Alexander M'Coskar were brought to toe Eastern i lock-up charged with being fconcerned in the; robbery. They will be brought np at the Eastern ! Police Gonrt this morning. : - j The notorious John Bowles, alias' "Fly-by- night," has once more got into trouble. On, Saturday he was wrested on warrant, charged with threatening to take the life of his father. He will be brought up at toe Eastern Police Court this morning. Our L?ar month correspondent writes: — An amateur concert was given in the Temperance Hall, Learmooto, on Friday evening, theobject of which was to aid the funds of the Ereildonn com mon school. The weather on tbe occasion was anything bnt propitionB, as a constant rain bad fallen the whole of the day, and indeed bad not ceased np till the hoar tbe concert commenced, eight o'clock. Daring the day predictions of a- failure were . freely bruited, while others more sangnine hoped to see it ciesr np before evening. As toe hoar advanced, however, tbe anticipations of the one and the hopes of toe other were evi dently not to he realised, and indeed were not. Although damp overhead and damp under foot, it did not appear to put a " damper" on the feelings of the amateurs, or tbe pleasure and enthusiasm of a tolerably large and fashionable audience. Had ihe weather been . otherwise, - however, judging from the number of tickets disposed of, there must have been a packed house. The chair was occupied by A,f Gilchrist, Esq," J.P., who is a member of the school committee.; The programme, which comprised a number -gieeS. duets, songs, &c; was well selected: and toe various pieces were rendered in a style far above mediocrity. The members composing the society may certainly be highly complimented on their efforts being brought to ao successful an'issne. Mrs Dr Hooper presided at the piano, and per formed her part - with artistic skill and finish. The' comic songs as snog by Mr Staunton, were vociferously encored, and the " Happy Policeman" as given by this gentleman and Mra Crane' also came in for a share of honors. It is to be re gretted that toe district is about to" lose both of these ' accomplished singers, as their musical abilities are an acquisition to toe society 'iarely to be' met with, and which, for the present, cannot be replaced. On the motion of Mr Vallsnce, and : seconded by Mr Bath, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the society for. their excellent ' treat, whlch wto responded to by Mr Richmond, their leader. A similar compliment was 'accorded to; the pianist; and also to tbe chairman, both of which were duly acknowledged. "God Save toe. Queen" brought toe concert to a close. An oppor tunity wes afterwards given to those who wished to participate in a dance, and a couple of hours was tons most agreeably apent, after which toe company separated. We have been asked by Mr C. Boyd to state that, under the skiifnl and careful attendance of Dr Hillas, bis three children, who have been suffering from a eevete attaek of "diphtheria are now convalescent. At an early hour, yesterday morning, a man named Thomae Power waa brought to toe Western lockup, charged with having assaulted Constable May, while in tbe execution of his duty. On last Saturday, Mr Bard well's eight pano ramic views of Ballarat, taken from toe Hospital Tower, were for toe first time connected with each other, and formed quite an imposing crescent of about seven ' feet in length, from "end to end. - All day long -toe tableaux attracted much attention from toe specta tors, who readily admitted - that while some of most pretentions buildings — each as toe Hospital itself — were unavoidably left out, the whole form toe beat view of Ballarat that has yet been presented. The crescent starts from Mr F. B. Mitchiaon's house, in M&ir; street, and after sweeping all round toe town, ends with Mr M. O'Neill's honse in the same street We believe that small carta of the same Tiew may be obtained from Mr Bardwell on reasonable terms. A man named Thomas MTnnerny was brought to the Western lockup lsst Saturday night, charged with haying -committed a common assault upon one William Harding. . Mr Gale would appear to bave adjusted bis balloon difficulty. Saturday's Argut writes:— " On Saturday last, as previously reported, an order in toe nature of an injunction was granted by his Honor Judge Poblmao, to restrain Mr Thomas Gale, "toe aeronaut," from "exhibiting or ascending with a balloon ia whlcb'he held a joint interest with Mr W. D. Cooper, unless he. should have previously obtained the .consent ottoe said Cooper. The injunction was duly obeyed, and toe, difference, between tbe parties ; amicably settled on Friday. Tbe terms— of toe ar rangement arrived at are that Mr Gale should pay Mr Cooper . £10 each for per mission to make four consecutive ascents in the balloon, after which it ia to become his (Gale's) property. A bond was to be given to Cooper as security for toe payment of toe £40, and in toe event of this condition bring complied with to tbe satisfaction of Cooper, the balloon will make tbe first of toe four ascents at Ballarat on Monday next." A man named John M'Csrmtck was arrested yesterday upon a charge of having stolen a tar paulin, value £4, from the western market. The body of M. D'Aloustel has not yet, it seems, been found by tbe police. Satnrday'e Herald, writes: — " Up to the time of onr going to press the police had not succeeded in recovering the body of M. D'Aloustel, who is supposed to bave drowned himself in the Yarrs, and owing to the late raine there is such a ' fresh' that it is doubtful whether toe body will be recovered for some -days. It is pretty plain that toe recent charge against him h»s been preying on bis miod, and from the fact that when the police took pos session of bis bouse, they foand the newspaper account of the case on his table, it ia evident that he had been reading it just before leaving the home to commit suicide. As an instance of toe extreme -fluctuation io toe value of hotel property io Geelong, it is noted tost toe old Commercial hotel, io Uorio street, was, on Friday, sold by public auction to Mr G. F. Belcher for" £210. Some years ago an enter prising bonihee 'gave £2000 for toe goodwill of the business, and took toe premises on a lease at £600 a year. Another well known old hostelry, the Britannia, Yarra street, was also sold to Mr John Davison, for £420. Messrs Ogilry and Robinson were toe auctioneers. We take the following from the Bacchus Marsh Express-. — Many of onr readers will hear with regret that Mr George Bookless, toe -well known importer of dranght horse stock, was -drowned on or about the night of the 28th March last, just as be was abont to sail from tbe old country with five horses in a ship called toe " Loch Bbyne." The ship.was to sul toe following morning, and he went on shore to make some fiaal arragements, and on returning, in a small boat,, he,- by some mischance, fell overboard. The sea was rough, and nothing.more was seen of him. To make the occurrence more melancholy, bis wife was on board, aod had only been married to the deceased a day or two previously. At toe ploughing match near Bacchus Marsh on Thursday lost, this news, as -it spread, caused a very general feeling of sorrow to prevail. A telegram in toe Herald states that a prisoner named Johnston, emuloyed in -quarrying stone for toe Portland Breakwater, was killed on ihe Flagstaff Hill, on Saturday. Deceased was de scending a shaft and slipped from tbe rope.' He fell "about 48 feet, and when taken np was quite dead. ' The prisoner Snpple (writes tbe Telegraph ) continues to be frequently visited by his friends. His heaUb remains good, and he is perfectly calm and collected. "They sue going to plead io- ssnity," he says, "but they are wrong. " My plea Is" justification." Anotiief gentleman. well known in the literary world, fa almost ks much an obj -ci of aversion-to -the prisoner as is Mr G." P. "Smith. As to his intended victim, Snpple Mye, " bis arm Will reach him from toe grave." Gossiping on the long- standing case of Wil liams and Little v the Queen, toe Herald of Saturday says: — This suit, which for some eight years has been dragging its weary length along, is now, it seems, likely to be settled by a com promise. A meeting of creditors has . been called to consider toe question of compounding or com promising with toe Government.! toe amount claimed. : At a meeting of the members of the Grant Tes timonial Committee,. held at Talbot on Thursday, Messrs Wnglev and Stewart reported tost on their canvass, so far as it bad extended,; toe con tributions had been most liberal, so tost there was every probability of a handsome sum being raised from toe Talbot district in aid of toe testi monial. . : The entries for toe . supplementary sports in connection with the match between -Hewitt and Harri8, at the Friendly Societies' ground, next Saturday, are to close, writes the Argus, on Mon day evening. The straight course of 300 yards, which is being prepared for the match itself by a friend of toe colonial champion skilful in each work, is nesting completion, and promises to he one of n -very superior -character. It coincides for a considerable distance witii the gravelled walk that -runs ' from -the western to -toe eastern Bide of toe grounds. In case of bad wealh'.r the COHRnittee- hsvepower "toparaff thotasTcbrBoto competitors are gettingon satisfactorily with their training, Hewitt bring at St. Kilds, and Harris at Heidelberg; and (here is every likelihood of an ; exciting contest. It. appears toeconipetitora have greed amohg.toemsrives to hand .qreT a portion pf fhe receipts to' the. Walshe fond. There is tn j be one general charge of admission to the gfonod. i .';Itis stated thatthevalid reason forilrLeSneur.'e ! resignation is that there is no probability of his \ postal toe-Observatory becoming so lucrative to ; him as toe. position he conld fill st home. Tbe report is current, also, that no cantlemsh will "be : .appointed inMr Le Snenr'splsce.; , : Mr John Edwards toe yonnger Ls repotoed by the. Herald to still remain in a very critics! con-' dition, bnt his medical attendants hope that in a little time the most troublesome symptoms will disappear. The Argus understands that the bon. Charles Manners Sutton, the private secretary to his Ex cellency tbe Governor, is abontto take six months leave of absence, with the view of paying a v.sit to England. Mr Mansers Sutton will go home by way of San Francisco and New York, and will be accompanied by toe Rev. Mr Sandys, the tutor to his Excellency's yonoger sons, who returns borne, on the completion of the education of bis Charges. The hon. John Manners Sutton will also, we believe, shortly leave toe colony, for toe purpose of entering the counting-house of tbe firm of Gibbs, Bright, end Co, Liverpool. .Several shoals of anas nelly large-sized perch and silver bream visited the "bay last week, and the circumstance is considered (says the Argus) indicative of rough weather for some time to come. The Bendigo Advertiser writes" as follows of mining in tost district:—' " The reputation of toe district in regard to mioiDg prospects has, witom . the last few days, proved sufficiently attractive ts .induce the visit of a number of speculators from both Melbourne and -Ballarat. For legitimate speculation and Investment the Bendigo. mines (adds onr contemporary) may 'now claim the premier position in the colony." At present (writes the Age) economy is the order of the day in the Government offices, and every retrenchment consistent with the efficiency of the public service is being effected by the political beads of the several departments.. As an example of this it may be stated that toe hon. the Commissioner of ' Railways "has effected a read justment of the duties performed by officers in tbe department under. his charge; and, as a con- : Rqaencejfra -diSpenred with toe services of a : collecting clerk", thns effecting a saving to the revenue of £220 per annum. ; :. . Saturday's Kyneton Guardian says: — Employ ment in .Kyneton -and ito neighborhood is at present; and "has been for some time, very abun dant. In addition to the fall employment of toe . mechanics ordioarilyresideDt'fn the town, there are about twenty mxtizans, chiefly in the building trades, from Ceatlemeine and elsewhere, who for some months have found constant work. Tbe .potato digging season is now nearly over, and if reliance ia to be pnt upon formers' statements, several crops hate suffered from the difficulty of procuring men. Tbe wages current at this occu pation have been 12s to 18s per ton, according to tbe plentifnlness of the crop. We hare been also assured that it ia next to impossible to get men to split firewood in the bosh, although 3s to 3s 6d r»pr bin fa nffflrAi?. . In. consequence of indisposition, tbe hon. the Attorney-General is at present precluded from attending to his. official duties. -Mr -Michie was unable to be at the Drown law offices on Friday, but it is hoped will be able to resume toe duties of his department bn Monday. . -The following incident showsthe necessity of some action' bring taken by the Government to eradicate diphtheria from the colony. The Af. A 'Mail report's that on Thursday a Mrs Greenwood, of "Vaughan, dted of diphtheria, and on Friday a daughter of the deceased, thirteen years of age, succumbed to tbe same complaint. Mrs Green wood was only twenty- nine years of age, A fort- ; night ago a son. ten years of age, died of the same scourge. A family of four remains. 