TnEN0VB-M\\*ERMAG'ïziNàa No. I. The *" ..' COc- rfKWiè des Deux Mondes is tho most ^crtipolitan of magazines, both as regards the range of' the subjects it treats of and tho mode of its treatment of thom. Several of its contributors aro as conversant with tho language and literature of England, Germany. Italy, and Spoin as with their own ; others have gained a wide experience by foreign travel, while all, as a general rule, aro singu- larly free from Gallic prejudices, especially in discussing tho institutions, the national cha- racter, and the social lifo of other peoplo. The number for the 1st of November is a good specimen of the Revue at its best, and nearly every article it contains is as interesting to the foreign as to tho French reader. First of all, we have a lively description of San Fran, cisco, from the pen of M. Rodolphe Lindua, who, after a five years' residence in Japan, proceeded to Californio, and gives us his vivid impressions of the contrast presented between the venerablo and stereotyped civilisation of tho former country and the novel and restless aspects of society at tho Golden Gate. Ho was there when the nows reached the Pacific coast of the driving of the last spike on the trans-continental railway, and he writes a compendious description of the great under- takings which have united the two oceans with a band of iron. We have next an account of the military frontiers of Austria and the organisation of their defences ; and this is followed by an essay on the philo- sophy of contemporary history, by M. Renan, in which he points out tho parallelism which exists between the political events which oc- curred at the latter end of the seventeenth century in England and thoso of which France has been the theatre since the com- mencement of the presont century ; but the immense superiority of William the Third over Louis Philippe is unhesitatingly ad- mitted. The whole essay, and more especially that portion, of it which relates to tho re- pressive policy of Napoleon III., will amply repay perusal. M. Clavé contributes a good account of tho railways constructed or con- structing over and under Mont Cenis, and states that the completion of the tunnol through that mountain may bo calculated upon early next year. A critical examination of the life and writings of William Hazlitt could scarcely have been undertaken by a more competent judge than M. Louis Eti- enne, and wo are glad to seo justice dono in a French review to one of tho most original of English essayists, and one of the best critics in the departments of pictorial art, literature, and the drama of whom our native land can boast. As a critic of English litera- ture, and as a guide to the students of it, M. Etienne places him abovo Lamb, above Jeffrey, above Macaulay, and above Matthew Arnold, and warmly eulogises the nobility of his talent and the liberality of his principles. A review of M. Bertrand's recently published History of die Academy of Sciences from 1GG6 lo 1703, from the pen of M. Savenoy, presents an outline of the work and a digest of its contents. The musical review of tho fortnight comprises notices of two new operas produced in Paris-"The Last Days of Pom- peii," by M. Joncières, which was brought out at tho Thé.ltre-Lyrique, and "La petite Fa dette," by M. Semet, played at the Opera Comique, together with a ciitique on the per- formances at the Théâtre-Italien. Two very promising stories are commenced in Blackwood. The scene of the first is laid in one of the sub-Alpine departments of Franco during the Reign of Terror, and the narrative opens with an ex- tremely sensational, although perfectly natural, incident. Eventually, the leading actors in the story will enact their parts on English soil. The other serial we may attri- bute, without much hesitation, to the pen of Mrs. Oliphant, and it begins so well that most readers will be anxious to hear more of "John," and of wilful winsome Kate Crediton. It may be accopted as a proof of the interest awakened in .Rabbinical literature by Mr. Deutsch's now celebrated artcle in the Quarterly, that Blackwood devotes about five and twenty pages to au analysis of the Talmud, and to a sketch of the reformation which is stated to bo in progress among the Jews. " Cornelius O'Dowd" is not so happy this month. He mounts some of his political and theological hobbies, and rides them full tilt against public opinion-with no advantage to himself, and no detriment to the principles and beliefs which he assails. "Saint-Eloy-sur-les-Duens" is the title of a chaimingly written paper descriptive of one of those quaint old Flemish watering-places which are the delight of artists, and of such tourists as prefer the picturesque, the bizarre, and the unfamiliar, to the glare and grandeur of " Haussmanized" Paris, and of its provincial imitators. The article is full of pleasant pictures, not the least agreeable of which is the sketch of tho theatre and its performers and performances. Norse litera- ture seems to bo occupying an increasing share of attention among literary men in England, and a contributor to Blackwood furnishes us with a digest of the Saga of tho Faroese, con- taining an authentic history of that people during the two centuries comprised between A.D. 825 and A.D. 1035. Its genuineness is vouched for by Professor P. E. Muller; and we are told that "all that Anglo-Saxon Eng- land wrote sinks into insignificance beside the riroso literature of Iceland ; not written, be it observed, in Latin, but in the rich and racy vernacular of the whole North, and which is still spoken in Iceland." Tho authors of the Saga, it is added, "place before us photographs of the customs, the manners, and the peoplo of those days ; but instead of the dark colourless images of the sun-picture these aro full of warmth, and life, and colour ; not artificial, however, but as simple and naive as possible. What peoplo thought, and did, and said ; their ideas and notions about things in general, how they lived and loved, whether at homo in the cluster of buildings under tho mountain, or upon shipboard, or abroad in foreign cities, or in the courts of kings—this, and much beside, is to be found in thoso Sagas, bit off with a degree of spirit, of correctness, and of picturesque ob- servation, not unworthy of tho author of the Waverley." The proposed abolition of some of the Boards by which a good deal of the work of administration is performed in Scot- land excites the ira of old Maga, and some veiy hard things are said of Scottish members of die House of Commons, and of the con- stituencies which elect them. To these latter Blackwood applies the reproach which Lacor daire launched against the democracy of Paris-"They think themselves the leaders of civilisation, and they are a horde' of Scythians." The numbor of the Revue des Deux Mondes for the 15th of November is not less varied in its contents than its predecessor. The open- ing articlo, by M. Victor Cherbuliez, is a masterly review of the circumstances pro ceding, attending, and following the Peace of Prague ; the general conclusions arrived at being that the actual situation of affairs in Prussia is merely a provisional one, which it would be difficult to prolong, and not less diffi- cult to destroy. As a specimen of skilful generalisation, tho reader can scarcely fail to be much struck with the passages in which M. Cherbuliez hits off the national character of the French and Germans respectively. M. Ninet describes the cotton manufactures of the mother country, and the crisis that branch of industry is passing through, with an ac- curacy denoting that ho has sought for his information on the spot, aud has satis- fied himself by personal observation and inquiry as to the actual condition of Lan- cashire. In spite of the cloud which ovor hangs it, M, Ninet is of opinion that that county need not despair of the future, that capital and industry will bo diverted into new channels, and that the Anglo Saxon race has lost none of the vigorous qualities Which make JlftvWng free and iniusMespros, perous. As all history is being ro-written, and the popular estimate of every great his- | torical character is andergoing revision, it could not be expected that the "roycà mad- man" would be overlooked ; and n^oordingly wo are not surprised to find the üharles XII.( of Voltaire's splendid narrative compared with' the Swedish monarch as hois exhibited to the world in the state papers and contemporary records of his own country. Need we add that the king suffers somewhat by the pro- cess ? A discriminating critiquo upon the novels of Auerbach, Schucking, Spiolbagen, and Hermann Grimm, by M. St. Reno Tail- landier, while doing justico to their specific merits, places them below the works of fiction by the best living writers of France, and points out the essential differences between theso and those. Within the limits of about 30 pages M. Cochut compresses a narrative of the cause, rise, progress, principal incidents, and probable upshot of the insurrection in Cuba, Tvhich he assorts is more general in its character than is ordinarily supposed, has not been fomented by the United States, com- mands the sympathies of all the indigenous inhabitants, aims at the absolute indepen- dence of the island and of Puerto Rico, and will be followed, if successful, by the establish- ment of a free port in Cuba, M. do Carne continues his interesting account of tho ex- ploration of the kingdom of Luang-Praban in " farthest Ind ;" although snch an expression is inapplicable to it from our point of view. Most of the places visited had never been entered by Europeans previously, and the courtesies extended to tho members of the mission by the Chinese afforded a significant proof of the advantages which result from travellers! respecting the rights, beliefs, and prejudices of the people they visit, whilo also showing themselves to be inflexibly just and honest in all their dealings with them. In the "Chronicle of the Fortnight" M. de Mazade pays a brief but affectionate tribute to the memory of Eugene Forçade, whoso contributions will be missed in the Revue des deux Mondes for the time to come. Nearly one-third of the current number of Fraser is monopolised by a ponderous essay on the present state of religious controversy, which is probably deeply interesting to one leader out of every thousand, but which will be studiously skipped by tho other 099. So far as we have been able to gather the writer's meaning by penetiating tho forest of words in whichit is concealed, helooksupon theology as a progressive science, and is of opinion that tho historical truth of the facts contained in the sacred writings must be determined by the fiee application to them of tho most approved methods of modern historical in- vestigation. The paper entitled "AThird Irish Tourist" should be read as a corrective to the one on the same subject which appears in the November number of Blackwood. Fraser'a contributor takes a hopeful view of the Irish question, and ho does so from per- sonal observation and inquiry. He says: " The Irish farmer has a good deal against him ; he has not the experience of his French or Belgian brother ; but when ho has finally got rid of .the 'ascendancy,' when landlords have ceased to talk about 'keeping their hands untied,' I feel sure that ho will somehow make very fair running in the world's race. We want aland law, then, because landlords' law has drained the country of its strength, leaving the poor and spiritless, and sending off the energetic; and because it has created such distrust that the farmers prefer keeping their fourteen or twenty millions in the bank to putting it into the land." Most of the statements and arguments con- tained in the article headed "Lord Byron Vindicated" have been anticipated by the writer of a similar article in the Quarterly Re- view, but especial prominence is desorvedly given in Fraser to the fact that " So far from exacting separation from his sister, Lady Byron loft her with him, and corresponded with her in confidential terms until the sepa- ration between her husband and herself and to the end of her life. It is impossible, therefore, that Lady Byron ever stated what Mrs. Stowe has written." It is mentioned in a footnote that Mrs. Leigh left two daughters, both of whom are living. "Was Mrs. Stowe aware of this?" pertinently inquhes the writer. Some tourist has discovered and de- scribes a place near Bormico, in Italy, to which no English travellers have pene- trated-the baths of Santa Catarina-and he "clucks" over it like a hen over her one chicken. But he adds that the only inn in the place íesembles a house described in a late lawsuit, "where a witness swore to having met five bugs calmly walking down stairs abreast, and in which the fleas sat on the chairs and balked at you ; " and, under theso circumstances, Santa Catarina is pro- bably secure from invasion by the mob of English and American tourists who cover the face of tho earth in the European autumn. A sketch of the old Northmen's view of ghosts and fetches may bo commended to the notice of the " Spiritists ; " and the conclud- ing paper, on the "Poetry of the Year," by "Shirley,"likeeverything that proceeds from his pen, is very readable. 