SUMMARY. At the instigation of Mr. Buchanan, the Assembly has been forced into a discussion on the important question of Divorce. The law of this colony ie at present not in so advanced a state as that of the mother country, but the hon. member not only wishes to bring up arrears, but to carry the law uuwaiu iu a puiui w wiuuu tuc wioc uicu of the old country have hitherto hesitated to go. The bill introduced by the hon. mem ber not only establishes the facilities for divorce now existing in England, but super adds a very important proposal — namely, that infidelity on the part of the husband should, equally with a similar crime on the part of the wife, be a justification for divorce. The whole question is one of those which is likely to create a feeling of antagonism between Protestants and Roman Catholics, because the Roman Catholic Church treats marriage as a sacrament, and has disallowed divorce except under such peculiar circum stances as have justified a dispensation. Pro testants are divided in opinion. Though not regarding marriage as a sacrament, the majority of them look upon it as a very eacred engage ment, and as indissoluble, except for infraction of the marriage vows. A few, however, look upon the union in not so strict a manner, and regard it as subject to considerations of expe diency. The State as such being a purely secular organisation, cannot concern itself with any of these rival religious opinions, and treats marriage as a civil contract, pre scribing the necessary forms thereof, and the conditions under which it could be entered into and cancelled. But though the function of the 8tate is thus limited, it does not in any way interfere with the religious liberty of the individual. No one is obliged to be divorced because the State gives permission for it. la many of the Western States of America the laws are very lax indeed with respect to the marriage contract, yet the Roman Cathol'cs there do not adopt that laxity, or allow them selves as citizens a freedom in this matter which their Church denies them. Religious men obey their religious convictions. The clause in Mr. Buchanan's bill giving the wife equal rights with the husband ia claiming divorce, has been acquiesced in by a majority of the Assembly, although vigorously opposed by a con siderable minority. It has been contended that such a provision is necessary to give equal civic and social rights to both sexes — that justice ought to be done irrespective of conse quences which would not be so deplorable as represented. Some who feel the force of this argument, and who admit that the present tone of public opinion is not sound, yet shrink from making experiments which have not as yet been justified by any adequate experience, and which most of the civilised communities of the world have preferred to avoid. Yet the tendency of the age is undoubtedly to do equal justice to man and woman, and to give to what has been hitherto called the weaker sex the same legal priviloges which have been assumed for themselves by the sex which has hitherto had the monopoly of legislation. Whenever justice is denied on the ground of expediency, it is certainly incumbent on those who put forward that argument, to support it with weighty proofs. Me. Ryan tried hard on Tuesday evening to secure for his constituents the benefit of a free bridge at the public expense, and very nearly succeeded, for the House divided equally, and only the casting vote of the SrEAKEB decided for the 'noes.' The rail way bridge was made of double width, that half ef it might be available for a roadway, and the extra cost of this doubling was charged as a vote to the Road department. To pay for the loan, a toll has been levied, but the through road traffic having been all taken by the railway, there is only local traffic to pay the toll, and at present a considerable portion of this is contributed by the contractor who is mending the bridge. The main portion of the through traffic con sists of live stock, but as there is a fordable place not far distant, the drovers can generally evade the bridge by a detour of about ten mile 8. The actual tolls netted are not more than £300 a-year. The Government objected to the surrender of this toll, on the ground that it wss not more than used to be paid to a private company that had the bridge, and for the use of tbe punts, and that if it were surrendered it would be necessary to apply the principle uniformly, and to give up tolls on all the other bridges in the country that have been built with borrowed money, which would involve a loss of revenue of about £3000 a year. ? The Dtjkcan controversy has been revived for a moment by the discussion as to whether he should be paid salary for the time he was off duty. The Government put the amount on the Estimates, and contended that as Mr. Duncan'6 restoration was equivalent to a proof that he had been wrongfully dismissed, he ought not to be mulcted in the loss of his salary. But, in opposition to this, it waB argued that lie had been dismissed for conduct which could not be overlooked, that his work had been done by Mr. Bebkey, who received his salary, and that Mr. Duncan was very lucky to get back under any circumstances. The salary was refused by a considerable majority, and the decision was a right one. The loss of this money will be the only punishment inflicted on Mr. Dun can, and to have restored him without any punishment would have been a dangerous precedent. That he was bullied and provoked may be very true ; but fiat disobedience to the orders of a superior officer is totally inconsistent with the discipline of the Civil Service. The total loss of office would have been, after the apology, an excessive punishment ; but it would have been also improper that there should be no punishment at all. In different districts of the colony on the eastern waters the late rains have resulted in floods. Attention has been principally directed to the Hunter River district, because the bankB of that river are more densely populated by agriculturists than any other farming district in the colony, and because the important town of Maitland always gets more or less damaged if the river rises beyond a certain point. But there are several other localities where, in a minor degree, some injury has been done by floods, though the Hawkesbury settlers have been this time free. It is not expected that the losses will be found to be very severe, and many of the crops will be only partially damaged if fine weather supervenes. The season on the whole has been very productive, and it would take a very large deduction on account of floods to bring the total yield down to the average of previous years. The Civil Servants have agreed on, a petition to Parliament with respect to the Super annuation Act. Thiti petition recites the claims of the old servants appointed %y the Imperial regime, the continuous recognition of those claims, and the provision made for dis charging them ; and then goes on to state the action of the Government in transferring the claim to the Superannuation Fund, and the responsibility of the Government for what it has done in carrying out its own law. It points out the hardships that have ensued, both to those who contribute and to those who hiive been led to expect pensions that cannot be paid, and remonstrates against the attempt to make the fund solvent by the levy of so excessive a rate as seven per cent. Mr. CowrEB has undertaken to present the petition, though without pledging himself to j support its prayer. After * protracted litigation, Mr. Justice Cheeke haB had his quarrel with the Railway department settled adversely to himself. It will be remembered that some of his race horses were injured by a collision which occurred at the Redfern station. It has now been decided bythe full Court, Mr. Habgeavjj being dissentient, that the Railway Commis sioner was relieved from responsibility by the terms of his contract. The entry in the Railway book states .that the horses are to be carried at ' owner's risk,' aid the ticket states, parties forwarding i horses must in every case take the risk of accident, as the Commissioner will' not hold himself responsible for damage, however caused. The question was whether this dis claimer exempted the Commissioner from re sponsibility for such damage or accident as was due to the direct action of himself and his sub ordinates. In this case, the injury was due to such a direct action, and the jury found a ver dict of gross negligence. But the Court has decided by a majority that the words of the contract const; ate a complete exemption from responsibility. This decision is important not only to those who may send horses by railway but to those other parties who may be contemplating the use of the railway for the transmission of live stock. The Government is expecting a large revenue from that source, and the squatters have been officially advised that they will save money by sending their fat stock by the rail instead of by road. Bat if the Government is not to be considered re sponsible for damage done, even by the gross negligence of its own servants, this risk ought to be added to the calculation. The annual meeting of,' the local .'auxiliary to the Bible Society was held^on Tuesday, under tte presidency of his Excellency.'the GoyEENOB, I he report stated that during the year the sum of £789 had been received as freejeontributioas, and about an equal sum for ^the^purchass of Bibles and Testaments. The sum of £500 had been remitted to the Parent Society as a free donation, and £450 for ^the purchase of books. The English mail has^arrived with an in teresting budget of news. Parliament was opened, though not by the Queen in per son, as she was not sufficiently well to go through the ceremony. Some important measures are intimated. There is to be a new Land law for Ireland, aad bills for promoting National education, for abolishing University tests, foi simplifying the transfer of land, and for other matters. The most interesting of course is the Irish Land Bill, and it introduces the principle of Courts for adjudication on differences between land lords and tenants. Any novelty is of course sure to be vehemently opposed, but Mr. Gladstone is right in supposing that the real remedy for Irish discontent is to remove every substantial grievance. Govern ment, while exerting itself to the utmost to do this, is firm in repressing disorder, and shows no disposition whatever to make the slightest concession to Fenian outrage. There seems to be a re-action of opinion with regard to the Colonial Empire. The proposed colonial Parliament has been abandoned, but a National Colonial League has been formed, the object of which will be to promote emigration to the colonies, j and to maintain the tie that binds them to | the mother country. Three celebrated liter- , ary men — Mr. Caeltle, Mr. Tennyson, and Mr. Feoude— have come forward to j protest against the dismemberment of the Empire, and the Times itself seems to he 1 coming round to the doctrine that the colonies ought to be retained. : Professor Gahgee's plan for preserving meat is now communicated, and samples of his preserved meat are on their way to Aub tralia. He produces death by suffocation with carbonic oxide, and after the usual dressing the carcase is exposed for several days to the action of chemical gases. - The CEcumenical Council has at present done absolutely nothing, and looks as if it i were likely to be a failure. The Syllabus ! has not been adopted, and 'the proclamation of infallibility will certainly not meet with unanimous support. In France the quasi-constitutional Ministry continues to be popular, and the rabid ultras are losing ground. The Ehpebob appears to have acquiesced in the arrangement, and the friends of temperate liberty are hopeful. The Great Eastern had reached Bombay with the telegraphic cable. If the enterprise suc ceeds, another month will see the communica tion with England greatly improved, Prince Alfred is in India, and Prince Aethue is in America, — each of them, of course, the centre of a great many ovations. The Weather.— The late summer rains have this year been much heavier than for years past. Up to Thursday, there bad been unsettled acd. wet weather for twenty-two successive days, and appearances then gave no hope of a change ; indeed the weather on Thursday was wetter than for a week before. Kino ol Ihe shawera being very heavy Indeed. The supply of '.ne watery element has now been far more than sufficient ; and a change would be welcomed on all hands. The rain has been very general throughout the oolony — the coast, western, and northern distriots getting the largest supply. In the latter district the raina have been so heavy as to flood the Hunter and other rivers to a eeriouB extent. In the Hunter, especially, a large number of the settlers have had to fly from their dwellings, end the crops, which were prolifio, have been destroyed. A telegram received from Windsor yesterday evening stated that it had then been raining heavily slue a the previous day, and that the river was rising. Fears are entertained of a flood, and boats have been dispatched from Sydney to render aid in case of such a contingently. In West Maitland it was raining heavily all day yesterday, end the river, whioh had receded several feet after the late .flood, was again rising steadily. The people were removing from the lower parts of the town, in anticipation of the flooding of their houses. The back water was rapidly filling up Louth Park, Lochend, Farley, and other low- lying agricultural districts, through the aperture caused by the destruction of the floodgates on Wellia Creek. - Soobie's tunnel, situated about a - mile above Maitland, was expected to give way last night, the effect ef which would be to let the river water in upon a large extent of agricultural land. From all the northern towns, as far as Queensland, rain was reported as falling yesterday. At Boone, the creeks were overflowing. At Aberdeen, a man was drowned in the flooded river. Bain was also falling in the western district ; and at Braidwood, Araluen, Mornya, and Bombala, in the southern districts. At Brisbane also it was raining. Medical Practitioners. — We have been requested to draw attention to the fact that the next quarterly meet ing of the Medical Board will be held on Monday, 1th proximo. Practitioners desiring to obtain the certificate of the Board to the effect that they are legally qualified should attend personally to submit their qualifications, at 3 p.m. on that day, at the Board Room in the Sydney Infirmary building. There has been a change recently in the secre taryship to the Board, Dr. Cox having resigned the offioe, which has been filled up by the appointment of Sr. F. H. Quaife. The Picnic to Clontart.— The picnic to Clontarf, Middle Harbour, came off on Thursday, in the midst of dismal rain, an almost inoessont downpour, far more suggestive of St. Swithin than of St. Patrick. For some time previous the long-continued inclemency of the weather had exciied painful misgivings in the minds of members of the com mittee ; but there was an evident resolve that the day should be kept up, even if it did rain, and it was thought, if ample provision should be made iu the way of awnings on board the steamer, and two capacious pavilions should be erected for dancing and for luncheon, that the assembled sons and daughters of St. Patrick might haply be enabled to defy the angry elements. But when the day came the grand difficulty seemed to be, how to get down dry to Clontarf, and many persons of sanguine temperament fot wet to the skin in making the unsuccessful attempt. t was announced that the steamer would leave the North Shore feriy wharf at half-past 9, and again at half-past 11, for the purpose of carrying the advent urous excursionists to Clontarf. It was also further advertised that a ' special steamer would leave the same place at a quarter- past 1 -o'clock, for the convenience of those whs could not leave the city at an earlier hour.' At half-past 9 one steamer left, and at half-post 12 (instead of half-past 11) another load went off in the rain; and at a quarter past X a fresh batch of people congregated at the appointed place, and there waited, in the most confiding manner, for the ' special steamer.' But they were doomed to wait in vain. Patient ladies in cabs, and sulky gentlemen in waterproofs, lingered about that not very lively spot for more than two dreary hours, expecting the promised steamer ; but no such steamer came. At Bbout half-past 3, the la«t brave but somewhat indignant remnant of this devoted band— tired, wet, and hungry— gave up the enterprise, and entered their houses in high disgust at the weather, and at tbe unaccountable arrangements of the managing committee. Those who got down to Clontarf were, perhaps, not much more fortunate ; except that they, of course, did get something to eat and drink. The number of persons present on the fiat was about three hundred,— the majority of whom came down between 12 and 1 o'clock. Ample provision had been made fer the accommodation of a very large number of guests ; but here, as elsewhere, the arrangements were more or less interfered with by the weather. The tables had to be shifted from where they were first laid out, in one of the pavilions, to a more sheltered place. The company sat down about 3 p.m. ; Sir Terence Aubrey Murray presiding at the festive board, end Mr. P. A. Jennings, M.Xi.A, acting as vice-chairman. The chairman, after dinner, proposed the usual loyal toasts — ' The Queen ' and ' The Prince of Wales ana the rest of the Royal Family.' These toasts having been received with all due honour. Sir Terencenext proposed the health of his Excellency the Earl of Belmore, which was drunk amid loud demonstrations of applause, the band playing 'The Fine Old Irish Gentleman.' Mr. Patrick A. JenningB, M.L.A., then proposed 'The memory of St. Patrick,' which was drunk in silence, the band playing the air, '.The harp that once through Tarn's halls.' The chair man next proposed the toast of 'Fatherland,' whioh was received with rapturous applause, the band playing ' St. Patrick's Day.' Mr. J. P. Garvan, in an eloquent speech, proposed the next toast — 'The land we live in' —which was drunk amidst long continued cheers. Air, by tbe band, 'Australia! hail.' Mr. Madden proposed ' The Parliament of New South Wales,' which was drunk with suitable marks of approbation, the air played being the Cornstalk Polka. Mr. J. G. O'Connor proposed the health of ' The Ladies,' which was received with enthusiasm, and suitably acknowledged by Mr. Lynch, At the instance of Mr. John Hourigan, the company then drank to 'The Press,' the air following being the Mar seillaise. The last toast or the programme was the health of ' The chairman,' Sir T. A. Murray. This was proposed by Mr. Jennings, and being heartily received by all present, was acknowledged by the gentleman so complimented, In spite of the wretched weather, many of those present ap peared to enjoy themselves, amongst whom were those who amused themselves with dancing in the marquee prepared for that purpose. The entire party retui ned to Sydney shsrtly alter dusk. Excursion to Balmoral.— A picnic in honour of St. Patrick's Day wae Riven, on Thursday, at Balmoral Gardens, Middle Harbour, net in consequence of the almost inces sant tain which fell during the day, it was not very well patronised, there being not more than 300 persons present. The promoters of this excursion got it up for the purpose of allowing the natives of Ireland an opportunity of doing honour to their patron Saint at a moderate expenditure, and if the weather bad been more genial, it was ex pected tbat a large crowd would have been assembled at tbis favourite recreation ground. Theateamers engaged by the committee were the Breadalbane and Cobra, which plied from the Circular Quay at intervals during the day, conveying those picnicers who were t-rave enough to have their trip down the harbour in spite of the inclemency of the atmosphere. On the ground the sceno was very dull and unlively, the showers which fell compelling the party to seek the weloome shelter oi the dancing and luncheon pavilions ; and a pro gramme of races, dances, and other games compiled by the committee for prizes, and which would have no doubt proved very attractive, did not come off for the cause above stated. A band of music was is attendance, which played a selection of dance music to the satisfaction of the terpsi chorists, who were the only portion of the party who did not seem to heed the weather. The last of the excursionists were safely debarked at tbe Circular Wharf at half-past 7 o'clock. Another Murder in Queensland.— Information of another horrible mutdor was received by the polioe at Brisbane, on the 14th instant, the scene on this occasion being Springsure. It appears (says the Courier) tbat on Tuesday last the dead body of a man was discovered in an old draw well, the head being nearly severed from his body as if bv repeated blows from an American axe. The upper portion of the body was tied up in a flour bag, and the whole was so decomposed as to render identification difficult. The unfortunate victim is supposed to be named Base, and a man named Donald Boss has been arrested on suspicion of having committed the murder. Drowsed.— Early on Saturday morning (says tlie New castk Pilot) when the wiad was blowing heavily from the southward, and the sea running high, the chief mate of the schooner Verra, bound for Newcastle, fell from the yard arm and wbb drowned. The aooident too, as will be seen from tbe subjoined particulars, very nearly resulted in the loss of the vc-Bsel and all the crew. The deoeased, whose name was George Kelly, was aloft attending to his duties, when, as we are informed, the captain observed him sud denly fall bead downwards into the water, striking with his feet a portion of the rigging. The schooner was immediately luffed up to the wind and for a moment the unfortunate man was Been on the crest of a wave, but he sank almost immediately. His shipmates, in their anxiety to save him, ruBhed to the boat, ana in the hurry and confusion, departed from the vessel, with the exception of the captain, who, with one hand, was left in charge. In a tew moments the boat was out of tight, and did not reappear again for nearly two hours, the captain in the meantime, as may be imagined, having great difficulty in managing the sohooner with the assist ance of ono of tho orew only. Fortunately the others were \ got on board in safety, but their prolonged search fot th* dtowoin# man had been unsuccessful, M EAT-raE8ERTrNQ Company. — A preliminary meet ing of persons dotirous of establishing a meat-preserving company in ^ydu. y, met at the rooms of the Agricultural Fociety tn Tuirday afternoon, at 2 p.m., Mr. Edward Flood in tbe chair. Among the geEll'-men present were : — Meesrs. J. B. Bundle, R. BUI, W. J. Buchanan, A. Broop, C. A. FrsBtr, Vickery, Fallon, Murebead, P. Ofborne, E. Bill, Elliot', J. B. Watt, Hon. J. Hay, P. G. J%p, P. N. Trebeck, Hun. Thomas Iielt, W. H. Suttor, H. 'feeit, Watson, Christian, and A. Morris. It was re solved, ' Tbat it is advisable to establish a ueat-preserving company in Sydney, and in order to attain the object, tho following gentlemen bo appointed a provisional committoc, with power to add to their number, five of whom to form a Suoium, viz. :— Hon. J. Hay, E. Flood, J. B. Bundle, I'Culloch, J. B. Watt, W. H. Suttor, Watson, Hon. Thomas Holt, Hon. S. D. Gordon, G. King, J. Laokev, Vicktry, J. De V. Lamb, C. A. Fraser, P. G, King, W. J. Buchanan, B. Hill, More-head, P. Osborne, and A. Morris.' A sub-committee was formed, consisting of :— Hon. J. Hay, Hob. T. Holt, S. B. Watt, J. B. Bundle, R. Hill, and C. A. Fraser, to prepare a prospectus, and report to the Provisional Committee on Tuesday next, at 2 p.m. New Musical Society.— On Wednesday evening laBt, a party of gentlemen interested in cur musical welfare assemble at Williams's Hotel, to initiate a sew society, to be called the ' Sydney Choral Society.' They have se cured the valuable assistance of Hcrr Carl Schmitt as conductor, end this, together with the names of a good committee, is a sure guarantee of success. It is the inten tion of tfcis eociety to perform only high-class muaic, such as oratorios, &c.;, and we need hardly say that it will depend on the publio far a liberal support{ which we trust will be accordcd, as the went of a local society of tbis kind is much felt by the lovers of good music. Another meeting will be held next week, to pass the necessary rules. Fbightful .Accident.— A correspondent, writing from Pretty Plains cn the 16th instant, records the following fatal accident Mr. ©dell'e thrashing machine was thrash ing a stack of wheat for a farmer named Gasper. There only remained one bag to be put through, when the feeder requested a man named Thomas Odell totelievc him, a9 he wished to get down fer some purpose, when, on turning round, he put his foot into the arum, and tho leg was drawn in above the left knee. The foot and leg were ground up into small pieces ; the belt from the engine flew off by the concussion, and the machine stopped. The drum was then reversed, and the poor fellow got out. A bed was placed on a door, and eight men carried him to his employer's house, about a mile distant. He lingered in fearful agony about four hours, when death put an end to his sufferings. Later in the day the machine was working on another man's farm, but before putting in the wheat, the machine waa driven nearly an hour to free it from the pieces of bone and flesh. The deoeased waa a native of Herts, England, was unmarried, and owned a small farm at Pretty Plains. Petersham Temperance Society.— A public meeting in connection with thie society was held, on Tuesday even ing last, in the Congregational Church! Petersham. The chair was taken by Mr. W. Henson, of Asbfield, and addreeses in furtherance of the object were delivered by Mesne J. Roseby, J, Walker, J. Pottie, H. B. Lee, and the Rev. T. Roseby. There was a good attendance ; those present testifying by their frequent applause their approbation of the sentiments expressed. It waa stated that during the three months ending February 21th, 106 young men of the diBtriot joined the division of the Sons of Temperance established in Petersham at the end of November lost. It was in oontemplation te open reading and class rooms in the village, for the use of those who might wish to spend their evenings in that manner. The meeting was brought to a cleBe about 10 o'clock. Insolvent Members of Parliament.— On looking over the Melbourne journals, received yesterday evening by the steamer Hero, we noticed the following ' few remarks ' in the Daily leltgraph of Friday last. On the subject of members ol' Parliament who are in straitened c'rcumstances —i.e., in or near the Insolvency Court— the writer seems to overlook the fact, that the Insolvent Liw was established to give ' relief,' and it must be confessed is often put to its legal use : — ' The 1 gent, in diffs.,' and in Parliament at the same time, is a patriot wbo could well be spared from the scene of hie representative labours; for it is scarcely too ir.ucii to suspect that his private troubles are liable to get the better of his judgment, and to enlist his sympathies unduly on behalf of the adventurous end the needy. Besides, an impecunious man esgerly desirous of raising the wind, on all po-sibls occasions, cannot, in the nature of things, keep himself from the risk of temptation, and this danger ie one from which the member of either House should, above all other men, be free. It is not enough fer us to hope that the virtue of the Senator will not be cast down in presence of the finan cial exigencies of the insolvent ; for in this direction, as in others, hope often tells but a flattering tale. Neither are we fairly at liberty to make fine distinctions between one phase of pecuniary difficulty and another — to stop at the simple meeting of creditors, to pause at the artistic making of an assignment, or to draw the line at the Insolvent Court. We contend tbat any man to whom the voicea of hiB creditors are addressed with melancholy iteration, ought not to occupy his position in Parliament for a single hour. He may be as honest as Cincinnatus, but that fact is not sufficient to satisfy public opinion, or to remove the foregone and wholesome conclusion that he had better turn his attention to his own affairs, and leave the affairs of the country in the hands of men who can pay twenty shillings in the pound, and ' look the whole world in the face.' The insolvent member who files his schedule is compelled by the pressure of circumstances, to abandon bis seat in the House ; but it is to be regretted that others who are clever enough to avoid the Court are not under 'be obligation to follow his example. The Late Mr. R. Gladstone.— A telegram in the Melbourne Daily Telegraph states that the remains of Mr. Robert Gladstone, nephew of the Hon. William Glad stone, Premier, of England, were interred in the Teiang cemetery. The deceased gentleman, who waB only 20 years of age, was thrown from a restive horse, near the township of Teiang, on Thursday last. He retained bis hold of the bridle, and was then kicked by the horse. He lingered until half-past 3 on Saturday morning, when he died. There were eleven carriages and other vehicles, aad nearly one hnndred horsemen followed the remains to the grave, starting from hiB late residence, Mount Noarat station. Manning and Steiger's New Meat- curing Pro cess. — A sample of meat preserved under Manning and Steiger's new process was tested by several of our towns men interested in the matter, at the Criterion Hotel, on the 7th inBtant. The meat, which consisted of rump steaks, after having been submitted to tbe severest test — that of grilling — was pronounced equal in flavour, tender ness, ana soundness, to the best fresh cut and cooked meat ever tasted, It must be borne in mind that the meat laboured under the disadvantage of the judges knowing it to be preserved, and consequently some amount of preju dice had to be taken into calculation; notwithstanding which, not the slightest trace of chemical or preservative agencies could be detected, and it was unanimously admitted that the success of the process was as complete as could be desired. We understand that under Manning snd Steiger's process meat can be successfully cured and preserved in all seasons, an advantage over Manning's old system, which system can only be used when the temperature is low. Messrs. Berklemen and Lambert, who have secured the patent for North Queensland, intend shortly commencing operations, and seem to entertain no doubt of its ultimate success. One great advantage arising from this process is, that the meat can be sold from the butcher's blo:k in London, ss if it had jnst been cut from the carcase. If no foreign or chemical flavour was apparent on Monday's trial to those who eat in judgment on tbe meat, and were cognisant of its preservation, we have no reason to suppose the Uninitiated public at home would detect or suspect any. —Northern Argus, Rockhampton, 9th March. The Reported Burning of a Ship oit Cape Oiway.— It will be reoollected that a few weeks ago a report was telegraphed to the effect that two captains of vessels had seen the reflection of what they believed to be a burning vessel to the south-east of Cape Otway ; it was, however, thought by some peisonB to be a fire on King's Island, and the latter supposition would appear to be the coirect one, as we learn from the Argus ot Saturday that, as tending in a measure to shed some light on the report, the subjoined information from Captain Leggett, ef the cutter Alice Rostron, may net be undeserving of attention. Captain Leggett, while at Apollo Bay, endeavouring to lend cargo, was driven by stress of weather to King's Island, and while there he communicated with the light house keeper. The latter mentioned to Captain Leggett that during the last two months there had been parties on the island burning the Bcrub,Iand keeping np frequent fires, for some purpose or another, and that he had written to the Tasmania!! Government, calling attention to the circum stance. Captain Leggett states that he has beiore now remonstrated with people on the island for carrying on similar practices. Another important Insurance Question.— The following subject of interest is from the Adelaide Observer : —A case of great interest to agriculturists, who either be cause they have not farm room, or need advanoes, or choose to have the carting of their wheat finished, so as to sell without having to deliver perhaps when time is very valu able, has again cropped up. This, whioh ia an important case as affecting the position of Insurance Companies with regard to wheat stored with millers, was carried home to the Privy Council, The action was brought by the Mossrs. Rendell in consequence of the destruction by fire of their mill, at Blumberg, and a verdiot was given for the amount claimed, subjeot to the deoision of a question as to whether the wheat destroyed was the property of the plain tiffs, or only held in trust for others, in which case, accord ing to the policy, no claim could arise upon it. It appeared tbat as the wheat waB delivered by the farmers a form was given to them in the terms 'received to store,' aud that tbey were entitled, on -payment of storage fees or not, ac cording to the time allowed to elapse after delivery, to de mand payment at the market price. The arguments before the Court chiefly turned upon whether the fact of the wheat having been shot out into Bins, together with the terms of tie agreement, vested the property in the wheat in the millers, or whether it remained in the farmers who stored it. His Honor Mr. Justloe Gwynno took the latter view, and the Chief Justice, Sir R. D. Hanson, the ) owner, tbe third Judge declining any part in tbe proceedings on the ground of private interest Judgments were given in the Supreme Court in Augiut, 1868, on the. motion to enter the veidict fur the defendants, and the Court being equally divided, it was understood and stated that an appeal would take place to tbe Privy Council. 'Che appeal same on fer hearing before the Judtolal CemmVctee of the Privy Council on the 14tb December, 1669. Tine decision was eventually \- given in favour of tbe resp^niouls,.. Bthesv Jltisic m Brisbane, — TW Courier is not pleased with serenaders suoh aa are SDmei'ftaei to be last with in Sydney, namely, suluiats on iastrsn-snts soaqielj to be recognised, and exclaims:— 'It is no 4»ubt triis tbat under certain oiroumstanocs ' music hath ch«na«/ bat there are times when musical instruments in the hands of aspirants to fame in that branch of tho fins arts, are a nuisance in the fullest mDanisg of that comprehensive word. Of late the literary Btaff of this journal has been nightly serenaded by an enthuaiasiio, but very indiffavsnt performer on the ooncsrtina, who tukes up a position M the opposite comer of tho street, and for several hours at a time is most zealous in Vis endeavours to get through' ' Old Dog Tray,' and othtr similarly interesting pieoes, on a most intolerably unmelodious instrument. We oaunot appreciate the mnsio.' Me. Grant's Great Railway.— The Melbourne Daily Telegraph ol' 11th iaat. says: Mr. Grant started a very bold idea by bis notice of motion in the Assembly yesterday with reFpect to railway communication with Europe, fir such it may be called, since a distanoe of only 750 miles would require to be travelled over by eea if the proposal wero earned into effeot. He intends to ask the Chief Secretary whether the Government will communicate with the Governments of the other islonies, and ascertain their opinions upon the feasibility of a scheme to lay down a railway line from South Australia round by Viotoria, New South Wales and Queensland to the Gulf of Carpentaria, also acroBB certain islands to the northward in a carve to Asia and Europe, the intervening spaces of ooean being, of oouree, crOBBcd by steamers. The scheme is a large out Indeed, but we do not see why there should not be enterprise snifioient in a young nation like this to oarry it out. Tub Marvellous.— The following particulars of ghoat seeing, or optical delusion, was related to us by one of the chief aotora in tbe soene, and the narrator appears to bo perfeotly satisfied of the aotual occurrenca. It appears that tns watchman, who takes under his especial supervision the William.street blocks, had his attention arrested about 12 o'clock at night, while.on his beat, by the sight of a man d res Bed in black oarryiog a child's ooffis on his BhoulderB, with which he entered the cottage of a man whose child was lying dangerously ill. The watoh man surprised that a burial was contemplated at that unusual hour followed the ooffln-bearer into ths bouse, and seeing no other occupants, save the man and his sick child, asked him why he chooBS that hoar for the interment, to which be made thd reply of ' Why my child's isn't dead, thank God !' But, said the watohmaa, ' Didn't I see you bring in a coffin a few minutes ago ? ' No, certainly not I ' was the reply ' Well then, 1 osr tainly followed you into the house, with one, I oan swear ! ' However, the man persisted in his denial ' that ho had not been out of the house atall, and had been watohiag his child the whole evening and never left it for a moment. Upon which the watchman left perfectly satisfied he had seen a ghost, and believes so still. One strange feature in the matter is, that the child died the following night. We think this bangs (he story of 'Fisher's Maitland Ghost.' —Northern Argue. The Victorian Bushranger. — Power, the bush ranger, is reported to have committed another robbery at the Devil's River. On Saturday last, a miner nam*d Matthew Kennedy was tiding between JamieBon and Mansfield, when he was stopped by a man having a dark veil over his faoe, and ordered to stand. Kennedy rede on, but the man followed him and fired a revolver. Kennedy then pulled up, and the man ordered him to dismount, which he did, the robber deing the same, asking him at ths same time if he had any money. He said no, but was told to (urn out his pockets. He did so, and one of them conts-'nrd a puree in whhh there wete one £5 note, four £1 notes, and 11b. in silver. The bushranger epuropriated the notes, but graciously returned the silver. In another pocket wore 15 dwts* of gold, amongst which were five small nuggets, one weighing 4 dwts. S grs., was three-cornered, and hollow in the cent re. 'i I a face of the robber was all thie time quite con cealed by i ae veil. He rode a tall cheenut horse, with a dark swag secured with three straps in front. He tied up- his horse when he dismounted, and OBked some questions »bout the Jamieson races, and what horse had won the 3tcc-plechase. Kennedy said he did not know, upon whioh the supposed Power told him the name. He then mounted and rode away towards Jamioson. Kennedy describes the man as being about 5 feet 8 inches, stout, with whiskers, dark-looking ; dressed in a white moleskin or tweed trousers, grey shirt, and a dark broad-brimmed hat, like plush. The Victorian Snagging Vote — ^ The Alhi/rs/ Banner observes : —Among the Victorian supplementary estimates )i,r 1SC9 we notice a small item of one hundred pound s ' towards clearing the river Murray.' The next item en the list is one of about three times as much for 'refresh- ments supplied on board the Nelson.' This sort of expen diture is like stopping up the spigot-hole and opening the bungbole. Accident with Firearms. — A shocking accident with firearms has occurred at Walhallo, Victoria, to a man named James Smith. He was out shooting in the gullies between his home and the township, when, in stepping over a huge log, the butt cf tke gun came into contact with the timber, and the concusBion caused the hammer, which had incautiously been left at full cock, to fall and discharge the piece. The muzzle was at this instant within an inch of Smith's neck, and the whole of the contents entered his throat immediately beneath the chin on the left side of the windpipe, and traversing an oblique course, found an e⁢ behind the left ear, inflicting a laige lacerated gash, aad literally tearing some portions of the flesh away. The roor fellow now lies in a very precarious condition, although hopes are entertained of his ultimate recovery. Fighting Among Schoolboys.— The head master of the Brisbane Grammar School is evidently of tbe muscular Chi istianity school ; in his addrees on a recent occasion, he is reported to have said on the matter of school fights : — ' At first I was obliged to interfere far more than I liked to put down school fights. Now, without asking you to 8gree with me oa this point, I do not hesitate to state my opinion that cases may aiue in which it may be well to allow two boys to settle a quarrel by a stand-up fight. But, as a rule, boys come to blows for the veriest triiiBS and such fights, of course, ought to be discouraged in every possible way. I have succeeded in putting them down by making the rule that all boys who wish to fight, shall apply to me tor permission. If they show me good cause, I tell them I may say— yes ; if they fight without permission, I shall cane them both. I need hardly add that I have not yet had application to Bettle a difference by a stand-up fight ; and as any such application, if made, would give ine an opportunity of Bhowing the boys concerned how to come t j terms without first coming to blows, I am inclined to be lieve tbat by making a law for the regulation of school fights, I have far more effectually reduced the probability of their oceurrence than if I had forgotten my own expe rience as a schoolboy, and ignored the schoolboy's ten dency to regard a blow as the most striking of all arguments.' * Daring Burglary at Toowoomka (Daiilino Downs). — The Gaielte of the 26th ultimo states that a robbery was committed at Mr. Tant's produce stors about midnight on Thursday, or early on Friday morning. From the particulars which have been furnished to us it appears that Mr. Tant haB been in the habit of keeping his treasury account in a small safe at the back part of the Btore, and ou what we should imagine to be tbe safe side of the counter.^. Late on Thursday evening the final de posit was added to the previous accumulations, which amounted at that time to between £70 and £80 in notes snd cash, independent of several title deeds which related to divers portions of the family estate. Nothing unusual was observed during the whole night, but when the assistant commenced to 'straighten up the shop' in tbe morning, he found that the safe had been removed from the old quarters, and several casks of rice and pearl barley placed upon the counter and in such other unusual situations that he felt convinced they must have been shifted from their original positions in order to facili tate the removal of the safe. Mr. Tant was immediately aroused, and communication opened with the police, when it was found that tbe safe had been carefully removed from its stand, placed on ths shop truck, and taken out into the street by the front door, vbich had been previously broken open. Traces of the burglars were found leading down through Mr. J . O. Dexter's sale yards to the paddocks at the tear of the i:ro mises, and marks are plainly discernible upon the fencing where the safe was rested, and afterwards fetched into the paddock on the other side. From this point ths traoks are less plainly discernible, and it is supposed that the booty was here placed on a couple of pieces of wood, and carried by two or more of the burglars to their private 'rookery.' The same journal of the 2nd instant says : — The police were hueily engaged in following up the sup posed traces of tho burglars, but up to Saturday evening nothing was definitely known as to the whereabouts of the properly. About 9 o'clock, however, a female servant ia the employment of Mr. Tant was returning from a neigh bourly gossip, and when approaching the fence fronting Mr. Tent's private residence she saw a man a short distance before her, who suddenly raised his arm, as if in the act of throwing, end immediately afterwards 'she believes that she heard souethingfall upon the verandah.' Singular, however, as it may appear, the girl did not attach any {importance to thcee mysterious doings, and after ' fixing ' a few domestia matters she went away to James-street for the purpose of enjoying another gossip with ber sister. The robbery, as a matter of course, was the principal topic ot omversation, and after a time she referred to what she had seen and. beard at a previous hour of the evening, and although the . girl still thought there was ''nothing in it' she was advised to roturn home immediately in older to report the affair to Mr. Tant, end to ascertain whether she had been deoeived in the supposition that there was something thrown upoa- the verandah. Mr. Tant was at this time engaged in the etore, and accordingly the girl hastened to the fronic of the cottage, and there found a large packet of paj/srs lying under one of the easy chairs in tne verandah. ' She did not stay to examine the papers, but went tr- tho shop snd placed them in the hands of her mas tor, who im mediately oomuunioated with sergeant K sine, and on subsequent examination the package was found to con tain the whole of the cheques, deeds, agreements, dock, warrants, papers, and trinkets that h.tid been depo sited in the safe previous to its remove j by the burglars. The lucky find exoited considerable commotion in ths street during the remainder of the evening, and a general feeling of surpriss was expressed -4t ths liberality whioh bad been exhibited by the tbieves and tho impudent asBU ranon with whioh tbe restoration bad been oonducted. The girl believes that the man s'de saw in ths street was a Chinaman, but nothing fuvther had been discovered ia uonnootion with the matter up to tbe timed of going to Press. Mr. Tant sow estimates his loss at £63, exolasiva Ihe value of the safe. 