MORlJDfa jOlLiiS ANI) -MGPERJ* SXTRA.VAGAKGE. Of late a decided reaction lias set in against these- senseless -zooming calls as the ' media of . informal: -social intercourse ; of which reaction the -outcome anajr be seen in. the 'At Somes,' the. 'Fits xCclock Teas/' the 'Days,'' -now «o popular among our ladies; And' deservedly popular, : i-'or at least these. arrangements let ?as Jcaow where we are and what we haveto jBxpecir, and tell tib that we aieed not go ea such and Bach days and hours if 'we wish, to shirk our friends, but that if we wish, to see them, we are Hire to find them then and there; and though substantially hearts may 'be no truer at a dram than anywhere else, semblances are so much the more ihonesfe and 'observances less absurd, which db jBomE&ing; gained in this ridiculous life of cms we call social, in ihese ?afternoons, iod,. jevery one is slightly less formal.'&nd;, so far as the men -go, less dressed, than in .'the more stately evening 'at homes.' As for the '.women, do what we may,, they will turn every social meeting into an occasion \- for finery anddisnliy-^ and'eveninhaases where von are expressly told. ' not -drees. parties,' the hostess Jherself ; leads' the way, and it the fore -most to deckluarself «ut ia her best braTBry, to the style of wMchiw guests anust conform if they wwjMawtt beaiDmneh -out of harmony as rthe violins *-f am 01chestrar.pls.ying E sharp while . the iarp «nd trumbones are giving out three fiats. .It is by. nw means, saying that -women ought not to regard, their style -and beauty as great good gifts to be carefully guarded aad .preBeryrf, with all due 'honor, to the last pos sible. anomentjif weo regret, as all tb.ough.tral persons .must, Jjhe mad love of dress and personal ^adornment which rules them as a sex. It is this which makes , society so difficult, save to .tiie very wealthy. We cannot meet in anything like simplicity of circum stance or attire for the sake of pleasant conversation, or the- kindly interest which we take in one another. It must be always more sot less a matter of toilette— a field-day for gowns and bonnets to prank themselves before eyes more envious or more exultant than ad miring-^a battle- ground where the spirits of rival mfllinera anoMhe ghosts of iival purses do shadowy strife together ; f or ? «ven nice women «xe notaahamed to isink themselves no higher tiianxldthes--horses, and to think their value depends:on &b; inoaey worth of t their gowns, represented either by value of material' er ori ginality: of cut.- And if this is true of nice -women, who have jBinde and souls, what is it ef those who/, have- 'Ootbing. vf the xme and' but very little - of the1 other? 'Why, they are all clothes- horse, and nothing else— «21 meredummies, -upon whioh to hang so aniich silfc aad velvet, so many tags -of lace and ribbon ; and their worth is exactly commensu rate with the last -account their milliner sent in, and the Amount of pin money assigned to them for the creatibitoPth'e typical ducks -and drakes.i 'Andfas^JttnFortunately for the world, there^are as'jyetiinore^-dnnuaieB l^nan real men and women$ anbre clothes horses than clothes wearers,, the -whole -Avenues^ of society get choked up with the press, and numbers carry the day if weight ^fdtasiiLdoesaot. If it were not for these we should.. soon_, be rable to 'in- au^urate7a ireally1 simple st^le of society very different from anything we have now.— Queen. 