CHAPTER 11. " 1 think you should nave advice, 1 rear j it's consumption," said C-leeveland's mother, j in reference to his wan looks and altered > appearance. lie conglied, and looked like ; the ghost of his former self. ! "1 fear it is late hours. I'll spealc to j him," said Allie. That evening, as he happened to be at j liome, and she was alone, she carried her j purpose into effect. ? " Cleevelr.nd, come here and let your j grandmother lecture you!" j He came at once, casting hiinaelf down j With passionate abandon at her feet and J kissing her passive hand again and again j %Fith intense fervour. ' *' Why do" you stay out so late at night, j and act so foolishly, Cieevelandi" j "Because 1 am going to the d 1 head- j long, I believe," lie said, "and don't care ) What becomes of me!" ; " Oh Cleereland!" Allie remonstrated. j "I want what 1 cannot get," he said bitterly, " nor be content without. Ivotliiug can save me," he went on impetuously, "so there's an eud of the matter." Allie hereu{>on held commune with herself, and upbraided where she had committed no lault. She was so much alone with him that the sight of his unhappiness wrought too powerfully on her sympathy, for Allie had wonderful sympathy with cfisappointcd love, home fellow-feeling, perhaps, made Ler thus wondrous kind. At last she began to ask herself whether-the light having utterly faded out of her own life's sky w hether she ought not to try to make him happy-to s;ive him from himself. Perhaps he in some degree fathomed her thought, for he grew more-not importunate-he could not be accused of that, for he claimed, nothing in return for all his lavished love -but more and more completely devoted to her, giving himself up to his infatua tion with a recklessness that took no thought for the future, and craved but to exist in the siiuabine of her presence. He attempted no justification when Allie reasoned with, lectured, and counselled him. HiB only plea was, that he "hurt nobody but himself," and that " he could not live without her.1' It was nearly a year since that quick impetuous rush of speech had shown Allie the heart of her lover, and their mutual positions were unchanged. It was night, and the two were in the quiet sitting-room alone. Cleevelaiid thrown idly on the sofa in a remote corner, Allie on a settee before the fire, reading the French .toiy of the Life of the Duchess de Main tenon; but the book fell from her listless hands, and her pensive eyes traced shapes in the glowing embers, or in her deep abstraction perhaps saw not at alL Her thoughts dwelt for a while on what she had read. Here was a parallel to this love of Clecveland's, which she had thought so absurd. Nay, it was more than that, for there was less, far less disparity of age and circumstances between herself and her lover than between the beautiful Dnchess and her s. Yet it was an historical fact that that woman had been the happy and beloved of a. King. He had not wearied of Iter, as Ailin always told Cleeveland he would do of his choice were he accepted. - Perhaps she erred. She stole a timid look at his altered face. In the dim light it looked so sad, so changed. She pitied him deeply, and felt too that things must not go on as they were. Living in the same house seeing his alternations of hope and despair, it was difficult to be always indifferent always ungrateful for his unwearied kind ness. Already she began to drift and drift into a channel that could have but one possible end. She could not help the sympathy that he inspired, and could perhaps perceive. It harrowed her to see his rage and jealousy at the enigmatical passes between herself and Acton Wylde whenever the latter came to Fairbriars. Acton - -with all his errors, his vacilla tions, his inexplicable estrangement-of he alone she thought; but here reflection halted on the threshold of a distinct asser tion. She would not make it, even in thought, and turning resolutely away, her mind came back again with increased per plexity to the uncomfortable state of things between herself and her brotlier'spart ner. She had been very explicit with him. He could not, he did not blame her, but he could not subdue his love, knowing it vain, I and Allie could not still her regrets, her pity, j They saw too much of each other. Harold, I oblivious of all this, was careless of her, | leaving her entirely to Cleeveland, who was j ever at her side, prompt to avail himself of | the privileges his chaperonage offered; while j her brother himself rode, danced, and flirted j with half the girls in the district. Acton had been at Fairbriars to-night, and the old misunderstanding-whatever it was-something of his folly and her pride loomed still between thein, a gulf time failed to bridge. Allie sat there long musing, sad and silent by the firelight. At length she sighed an audible, sorrowful sigh. Cleeveland heard it, rose and came over to where she sat, asking what was the matter with her. She did not answer him. He threw himself down at her feet, and, emboldened by her soft, pensive, abstractedly gentle manner, he took her hand, and drew it to his lips. She attempted to with draw it, but it was held as in a vice. He began to speak. The old story of course. There was an irrepressible vehemence in his manner to-night, and Allie felt her mood, her compassion were undermining her resistance. She felt overborne and swayed despite herself. "Don't Cleeveland, pray don't," eke cried, rising as to withdraw; but her -voice faltered, and her manner was irresolute. Perhaps he felt this, and the inherent unconscious tyranny of the sex asserted itself, for he almost forced her back into her seat. Through the storm of his feeling3, her soft words hardly reached his ears, and were drowned in the surging of the tempestuous waters. " You hate me, Allie, you hate me, and I cannot endure it," he all at once broke forth. "This lifejis torment. Iv'e tried to bear it, but it is too much; and then to be " He stopped here. The words came through his teeth, which were set sternly. He clenched his hand in helpless wrath. 'Til be off somewhere. I'll go away to the Far North, or to India; anywhere, and I hope I may get drowned, or shot; put out of life anyhow. I don't want to live ever to come back again. 1 am miserable." Poor young face, it was pale witn passion ; wet with tears. Allie's heart was sore within her ; not that he was her only lover, by many ; but that he was so weak, and so much with her. It assuredly is no fable the assertion that God made woman to be man's comforter, his helper,, and consoler. The impulse is so spontaneous, so natural to i her to comfort when he grieves. It came over Allie now. It made her speak sooth- I ingly, tenderly, till he was calmed. And silence came, and again she pondered, with 1 one rapid mental coup cFoetl she took- in the situation. She thought of it all-Acton* and some memory of his ingratitude that stirred i her deeply ; that stung with sudden pain, hardly to be endured;-then before her, this boy;-his prayers, his pleadings ever lenewed ;-the wreck he was making him self for her s^ike; and be gained certainly by contrast. Had Allie'been perfect-an angel, not a woman-she would perhaps have remained quite unmoved by all the influences that assailed her-she was far other. His love, her pity, perhaps-who shall say whether the hour, the solitude, the irresistible contagion cf passion had not also some power -aioved her deeply. At any rate, her manner softened ; almost unconscionsly her hand touched the curls on his bowed head, and she whispered gently, hesitatingly-" You do love me Cleeveland, do you not.?" "With my whole soul," he .nswered. " Oh, Cleeveland" she still murmured regretfully, "I don'tthink you can find me so necessary to your happiness as, foolish boy, you have dreamed I. am." "Oh, Ailie, you know I can never be happy any more, never be good for anything if you me off," he etill answered, Allie's good angel warned her here. We are aorry to be obliged to record the fact against our heroine, but it is true. Warned, and she 'would not, or could not hear. " Speak, speak Allie," Cleeveland cried "Once more, ('ear Allie, my own darling, will you be mine A pause-dead silencc ensued. He waited. "The beating of their own hearts was all the sound they heard." " Spoak Allie, one word - speak." Her resolution forsook her. "It Is fate," she i said within herself-she could struggle no more. He took her hand, it was not with draw, he kissed her lips, folding his arms about her, and she passively permitted his embrace. He spake no word. Such silence is all eloquent. He drew her to his heart, and he felt that he hadjwon her for hie bride. Such was their betrothal. 