The Storyteller. THE BROKEN HOME. CHAPTER XXXIII. A DARKNESS PRECEDING THE DAWN. BY LEON LEWIS. THE banker looked long and earnestly at his unworthy relative, before replying to his exul- tations: "I have only just this much to say, Trevil. As dark as is my present lot, I do not believe that our dealings are to end in your triumph!" Hardwick's face contracted with a mocking smile. "I have always noticed," he observed, "that every person has something to cheer him, no matter how dark his situation may be. It seems to be a sort of privilege that is given to poor huaman nature, to 'hope on, hope ever!' You, of course, will form no exception to the general rule. You will continue to 'hope for the best,' to use a pre-Adamite expression. 'Such is life,' my dear relative—in reality, a double-distilled purgatory, but in imagination a serene and bounteous heaven which, by some crooked awk- wardness, continues to keep just a quarter of an inch beyond your reach!" "If the information does not in any way im- peril your projects, I shall be glad to know how much longer you propose to journey before com- ing to a halt." "Not a great while," responded Hardwick. "You will remember that you had penetrated quite a distance into the wilderness before I met you." "Would it be too great a liberty for me to in- quire what you purpose to do with me?" "Oh, no, not as I know of. I will even tell you candidly that I am about to take you to the loneliest place in all California—lonelier even than the loneliest nooks of the Yosemite valley. It is a place abhorred and avoided by men—re- puted to be haunted—and I am told that even the birds avoid the spot!" "And where is it?" asked the banker incredu- lously. "Do you remember hearing, in the early days of California, of the tragedy of the Morderick House, at the head of Dead Man's Gulch—a tragedy in which nine lives were sacrificed? "Yes, I remember," said Mr. Preble reflec- tively. "The story made a great sensation at the time. The Morderick House was a gamb- ling-den. One night the Morderick brothers were accused of cheating, and the miners rose against them, and a battle ensued in which the nine lives were lost, and among them those of the three Mordericks." "You are right. The widow of one of the Mordericks went crazy, and now roams the country, begging from door to door, and sleeping at night in the fields. The Gulch was abandoned. The house was deserted, and is fast going to ruin. I used to frequent the place in the Mor- derick days, and have been there since. You will be buried alive in that house—as lost to the world as though you were in your grave! A few days of its loneliness will induce you to yield to my demands!" and he smiled with conscious power. Neither spoke again until the deserted Mor- derick place had been gained, and the old brown house, grim and weather-stained, appeared in view. Arrived at the side steps, Hardwick dis- mounted, keeping a tight hold upon the bridle of the banker's horse, and tried the kitchen door. "Locked, of course," he muttered. " It's for- tunate I sent Wix on in advance to fit a key. Now to try it!" He produced a key from his pocket, fitted it, and unlocked the door. "So much for forethought, my dear Morton," he observed, throwing open the door. "After I telegraphed to you, I made up my mind to lodge you here when you should come, as I knew you would be sure to do. So I sent on Wix to see if the place was as secure for the purpose as it would have been a year ago, and to fit a key to the outer look. You see how perfectly the place is adapted to my purpose. It might have been made expressly for my present need!" He assisted Mr. Preble rather roughly from the saddle and drew him into the kitchen, there again securing the bonds about his feet. "It's a gloomy place," he then said, as his prisoner sat down upon an old wooden bench against the wall. "I won't open the blinds, or make any change in the looks of the house, as I don't wish to attract the attention of any pos- sible passer-by. Rather chilly in here! So much the better. The dampness of this place will soon wilt your strongest resolutions!" He looked around him with an air of satisfac- tion, and at that moment detected in the thick dust covering the floor the footprints of Ben. Greddley and Hetty. "Wix trampled around pretty well," he ob- served carelessly, without a suspicion that his conclusion was untrue. "He stirred up the dust some, I see. Make yourself comfortable a few minutes, my dear Morton, while I stable the horses!" He went out for that purpose, and was gone but for a few moments, returning with hasty steps. He found Mr. Preble in a desponding attitude, but the banker looked up and put on a brave seeming, hiding his anguish from the eyes of his enemy. "Making the best of it, eh?" said Hardwick, with assumed joviality. "Of all things I admire a cheerful disposition. It would give me plea- sure to stay here and share your solitude, but I can't. The peerless Jessie next demands my at- tention. As soon as Pecksley arrives with the provisions, which must be in an hour, as we travelled so slowly and he was ordered to go swiftly, I must leave you. It goes to my heart, my beloved Morton, to leave you, but you have only to accede to my demands to become my travelling companion. What do you say?" "Do you intend to leave me here alone?" de- manded Mr. Preble abruptly, unheeding his enemy's question. "No. Pecksley will be your gaoler. You will remain bound, and your food will be of the poorest description, until you accede to my terms. When you do yield, Pecksley will bring the news to me." "And if I never yield?" "But you will yield! There is a limit even to my forbearance! And if you should hold out —in the face of the bonds, the meagre diet, the gloom, the discomfort, the anxieties, your wife's imprisonment and despair—why, then I cannot answer for myself! My patience may give way, and I may be tempted to relieve you of an ex- istence which will be burdensome to you. Un- derstand one thing, Morton Preble," he added, with a baleful look, "I am bound to be square with you on that old grudge yet! I say to you as the old highwayman said to the travellers. 'Your money or your life!'—one or the other I will have!" "And yet God knows I never have merited your hatred!" said the banker, in a tremulous voice. "You brought your punishment on your own head!" Hardwick sneered. "l've had a hard life of it," he muttered. "I'm going to change all that now. It's time I had a taste of luxury, when you've been rolling in wealth all these years, my dear step- brother! Ah, who is that?" He had heard the sound of horses' hoofs on the road. He arose and went to the door, his brow clear- ing as he looked. "It's Pecksley with the provisions, as I thought," he said. "Wix went on with your man John." He waited at the door until Pecksley, rode up and delivered several parcels into his hands. "No whiskey, Pecksley?" asked Hardwick admonishingly. "No, sir; not a drop!" "Very well. Take your horse to the stable, and bring mine to the door. I must be going soon." "Now, Pecksley," said his employer, "I know I can depend upon your fidelity. No doubt this gentleman will offer you large bribes to release him, but so sure as you do your life will pay the forfeit. I have got all the particulars of your little affair at Stockton, where you robbed and killed a man, and when you play me false you may prepare to die! That's all!" Pecksley protested that he was as faithful as fidelity itself. "See that you are!" said Hardwick. "Keep the prisoner bound all the time. Feed him sparely. Don't let your old fear of ghosts over- come what little sense you have got. And when the prisoner gives in to my demands, let me know without delay. You'll find me at home, where I'm going now to rest a few hours before setting out again. I believe that's all. My dear Morton, farewell till we meet again!" CHAPTER XXXIV. MR BURRET. MRS. PREBLE paused an instant, at the gate at which she had alighted, to look after the retreat- ing vigilants, and then she hurried up to the side door of the dwelling. In the doorway a pleasant-faced old lady sat in her rocking-chair, busily picking over a pan of freshly plucked berries. She looked up as the lady mounted the porch, and arose with some apparent curiosity. Mrs. Preble hastened to make known her desire to procure a conveyance to Sacramento. "Well, now, if that an't too bad!" exclaimed the warm-hearted old lady in a tone of personal disappointment. "Our folks have all gone to Sacramenty to do some trading, and they won't be home before dark. And we have no other horses. I'm real sorry—you look so tired out. Won't you sit down and rest a bit?" She pushed the rocking-chair invitingly out into the verandah, and Mrs. Preble accepted it with a grateful smile. "Walked far?" asked the old lady, removing her pan of berries to a distant table. "I reckon you don't live about here. I don't seem to re- member your face." "I live in San Francisco," replied Mrs. Preble briefly. The old lady bestowed a keen glance at the elegant figure of her visitor, at her rich, yet plain attire, at her pale face, and then apparently satisfied with her scrutiny, she muttered an ex- cuse, and withdrew to an inner room. She was absent but a few minutes, returning with a small lacquered tray, on which were de- posited a bowl of rich milk, a dish of berries, and a slice of bread. "Won't you have something to eat?" she asked, proffering the tray with simple hospita- lity, yet half apologetically. "You look a little faint, ma'am." Mrs. Preble was both faint and hungry, her diet at Mrs. Wix's house having been of the most meagre description. The timely hospitality of the old lady, therefore, in her forlornness and desolation, touched her more than princely gifts would have done in her stately city home. She accepted the refreshment, and partook of it with a sense of enjoyment. When she had finished, her hostess said: "You look better now, ma'am. The color is coming back to your cheeks. If you want to get back to Sacramenty, I must not be keeping you here longer. Though I can't send you to the city myself, I'll tell you what you can do. Do you see that big square house up the road, about a quarter of a mile?" Mrs. Preble's gaze followed the direction in- dicated by the old lady's finger, and she replied in the affirmative. "There's a rich man lives there—a Mr. Bur- ret," explained the old lady. "He's got horses and boats and servants, and can send you on to Sacramenty right off. Go to him, and he'll be sure to help you!" "Thank you!" said Mrs. Preble. "I will go to him. I have no time to lose. I must be in Sacramento at the earliest possible moment." She expressed her gratitude for the kindness of which she had been the receipient; and greatly cheered, arose and set out on her walk, her hostess accompanying her to the gate. The vigilants were long since out of sight. The long dusty road was deserted. Mrs. Preble had no fears therefore, as she hurried onward, keeping to the well-beaten path beside the road. The day was sultry, and the lady's steps had begun to flag when at last she reached the gate of Mr. Burret's mansion, and turned into the cool and shaded walk leading to the front door. "How still it looks here!" thought Mrs. Pre- ble. "I see no signs of a woman's taste. There can be no children here. I wonder if this Mr. Burret is a bachelor." She mounted the high porch, and rang the bell. The ring was answered by the appearance of an elderly woman, of untidy manners, who ap- peared more than surprised—astonished at the sight of the lady-visitor, but subdued her manner into something resembling civility. "Is Mr. Burret at home?" asked Mrs. Preble. "He is, ma'am. He has just got home from the city. Won't you come in?" Mrs. Preble hesitated a moment. The gloom of the place, its utter silence, and the appear- ance of this woman all impressed her unfavor- ably. Had she followed the guidance of her quick instincts, she would have turned and fled from the place. Chiding herself for what she deemed her foolish weakness, however, Mrs. Preble accepted the invitation, and was admitted into the hall, and thence ushered into a large parlor. The woman threw open the blinds, admitting the light, and said, indicating a chair: "Sit down, ma'am. I'll call Mr. Burret." She went out, and Mrs. Preble seated herself. Then she heard a door closing in some distant part of the house; a man's tread in the hall; the door opened, and the owner of the mansion entered her presence. Mrs. Preble arose, conquering her weakness. "Mr. Burret?" she asked questioningly, rais- ing her eyes to his. Then she stared pale and incredulous. And he? As her tones fell on his hearing, he started abruptly, and an incredulous look passed over his face. The next moment the incredulous look gave place to one of hateful satisfaction, and his eyes glowed, and a mocking smile of recognition ap- peared on his lips. "Mrs. Preble!" he exclaimed. "Trevil Hardwick!" she murmured, sinking back upon the chair from which she had arisen at his entrance. "Trevil Hardwick, or Jackson Burret, at your pleasure!" he responded, rubbing his hands to- gether as if well pleased. "I assure you this is an unexpected pleasure. I am as nearly astonished as I ever allow myself to be. When did you leave Mrs. Wix?" he added, with mock- ing politeness. Mrs. Preble could not trust her voice to speak. Her brain was in a whirl, yet she comprehended with sufficient clearness that, by some untoward destiny, she had stumbled upon her enemy in his disguise; that this was the home of which he had spoken on his memorable visit to San Francisco, and that Jackson Burret was the name he had assumed after abandoning his own. While these thoughts were flitting through her disturbed mind, Hardwick was fast forming conclusions in regard to her unlooked-for ap- pearance. That by some means she had escaped the custody of Mrs. Wix, and had called at his house to solicit assistance in making the journey to Sacramento, he knew as well as if he had been told. The lady's consternation assured him that she had not dreamed of finding the terrible Hardwick in the seemingly wealthy Mr. Burret. "Well," he said, breaking the silence that was growing oppressive, "to what am I indebted for this unexpected visit? You do not like Mrs. Wix perhaps, and have come to ask me for a change of boarding-place. Is that it?" "Let me pass!" said Mrs. Preble, in a sup- pressed voice, advancing to the door-way. "Not so, my fair step-sister-in-law,"' said Hardwick mockingly. "lt goes to my heart to refuse your command, but my own wishes have been my guide all my life, and its too late to change my habits in that respect. You don't know how your arrival—so totally unexpected— cheers my heart. It is a grand omen for me. All my successes heretofore have been the result of hard work and much scheming. But this boon is so gratuitous—so unlooked for! I can scarcely realise my good fortune." "Let me go!" commanded Mrs. Preble. "I will alarm your household—" Hardwick laughed. "I wish you would," he said. "It would teach you my power and your helplessness. My household, at this moment, consists of the fel- low Wix, whose devotion to me even your bribes could not affect, and of the old woman, Pecks- ley's mother, who admitted you, and who is de- voted to me, soul and body. The third mem- ber of my household is a savage bull-dog, who has an insane desire to tear strangers to pieces, and whom, accordingly, I keep chained. Your first screams would bring to my assistance Mrs. Pecksley and Wix. Now call them, if you choose!" CHAPTER XXXV. ON THE THRESHOLD OF A GREAT SECRET. FOR some time after the departure of Ben. Greddley, Hetty was plunged into the depths of a terrible despair, her long-tried fortitude utterly deserting her. But as the hours passed her despair spent its strength, and her courage and spirit asserted themselves, arousing her to the necessity of vigorous action. "There's no use in starving myself, if I do feel badly," thought Hetty with philosophy, as a faintness resulting from want of food began to steal Over her. "lt is the part of wisdom to keep up one's strength. Certainly I can't brave and defy Ben. Greddley half so effectively if I am faint and hungry, as if I were well-fed and strong!" She proceeded to examine the contents of the drawer, or cupboard. It was a simple, old- fashioned piece of furniture, half-a-dozen old- fashioned shelves, which, as has been said, had been moved up from the kitchen for Hetty's use. It contained a supply of bread, butter, cheese, boiled ham, a pail of water which seemed to have been standing there for a week, and some hard crackers or biscuits. Hetty helped herself to this simple fare, forc- ing an appetite which did not come to her naturally. She had finished her frugal meal, and was about to turn away when a gleam, as of light glancing on steel, at the back of the cupboard, attracted her attention. Hetty seized the object, and drew it out, holding it up as if it were the key to her prison. It was a hunting-knife, with a long, slender, dagger-like blade, pointed at the end. Patches of its original brightness remained, but for the most part it was discolored and dark. Its handle was covered with deer-skin, the hair left on. Evidently the knife had belonged to one of the owners or frequenters of the Morderick House in its prosperous days, and had been de- posited in the dresser, where it had lodged be- hind the shelf, and been forgotten. "At any rate, I have something to defend myself with now!" thought Hetty, her eyes glowing with sudden determination. "I am no longer at Ben. Greddley's mercy! I have heard of people removing or picking prison locks with nails and bits of iron wire. Why shouldn't I remove this lock with this stout knife?" She scraped off a portion of the paint from one of the panels and thrust the point of her knife into the wood, severing a splinter. It was pine, as she had supposed, and she set to work to cut out the lock. It was no easy task, even with all Hetty's energy and spirit. The knife would bend, and the wood was hard, with occasional knots in it, on which the knife turned, threatening to break. But Hetty, despite these obstacles, worked with persistent energy, marking out the piece she desired to remove, and then cut out splinter after splinter. Nearly exhausted at last, as the task ap- proached completion, Hetty paused to bathe her cramped, tired hands, which were red with their unaccustomed labor. She was thus engaged when the steady tramp of horses' hoofs, approaching the house at a trot, penetrated to her hearing. Her first thought was, that Ben. Greddley was returning earlier than he had intended. She gave one terrified look at the door, the condition of which would betray her posses- sion of the knife, and then she caught it up from the floor, and climbed up hastily to a perch at the upper half of the window, despe- rately hoping that the horsemen might be pass- ing travellers to whom she could appeal for rescue. She beheld two horsemen, Hardwick and his captive, Mr. Preble. Hetty recognised the former at once. Her first thought was that he had traced her to this lonely house, and had come to remove her. She had scarcely recovered from the un- pleasant sensation this thought caused her, when she noticed that Hardwick held in his hand the bridle of his companion's horse, and that the banker's arms were closely confined. "Perhaps Mr. Trevil is not here on my ac- count after all," she thought, with a gleam of hope. "He may have come to conceal a pri- soner here, just as Ben. Greddley did. I should not like to fall into his hands, after Adrian's warning. I hope he will not discover my pre- sence here." She heard the new-comers ride up to the kitchen door, and then she waited with fluc- tuating pulses, and sickening impatience, for the appearance of Hardwick on the upper floor. Thus an hour passed, and again she heard the sounds of an approach. "This time it must be Ben. Greddley," she exclaimed. "What shall I do?" She crept again to her perch, and looked from the window. The new-comer was Pecksley. She compre- hended that he belonged to Hardwick's party by the assurance of his manner as he rode into the yard, and she waited breathlessly for what would follow his advent. "They're sure to come up-stairs now with their prisoner," she thought. "And five minu- tes more would have set me free." She did not move from the window, but clutched tighter the knife she held. The minutes dragged by. And then, hearing a noise again, she looked out, witnessing Hardwick's departure. "I see," she murmured. "He has left a pri- soner below under guard. He means to come back again no doubt, but not to-night. His man will not come up-stairs. I have only Ben. Gred- dley to fear. I must finish my work." She hastened to do so. The work she had purposed to finish in five minutes was not done in ten, but it was finished at last, and the door swung open on its hinges. She glided out into the hall and down the half- ruined staircase like a shadow. In the lower hall she paused, trying the front door, which was locked. "I must go out through the kitchen," she decided. "Perhaps that man is in the kitchen with his prisoner. I cannot go away and leave any one in the captivity I have found so terrible. I must see the poor man. Perhaps I can rescue him." She stole along the dusky hall to the door of the kitchen; then crouched in the deep shadows and looked through a crevice in the door, ob- taining a comprehensive view of the kitchen. In the further corner, on the rude wooden settle, Mr. Preble, bound hand and foot, was sitting, his face pale and his attitude that of a man nearly worn-out and exhausted. Pecksley was not at the moment visible, but even while Hetty looked he came in from the yard and sat down on the door-step, puffing vigorously at a short black pipe. The young girl's gaze reverted to the banker. A sudden longing came over her to hear him speak, and at that moment his clear, sad voice broke the silence, thrilling her like nearly for- gotten music. "Pecksley," he said, "Hardwick is quite out of sight by this time, isn't he?" "Mr. Burret is," mumbled Pecksley, not taking the pipe out of his mouth. "And you are left alone in charge? I noticed that you were careful not to mention the thou- sand dollars I paid you. Shall we resume our negotiations at the point at which we left off?" Do you still want to earn the seven thousand dollars I promised you?" "I don't mind having seven thonsand dollars," said Pecksley, removing his pipe and carefully knocking off the ashes with his horny fore-finger. "But, to tell the truth, our positions is changed, and so is my 'pinions. What looks in one light to a prisoner afeared of having his head blowed off, looks quite different to a person as feels him- self master of the situation. There's the p'int of the whole matter." "But your master has not paid you well," urged the banker, "while, if you will free and aid me, you shall be paid in gold as soon as your services are rendered. And there is a great dif- ference, Pecksley, as you must realise, between money honestly gained and such wages as you receive from your master. "That's all fine talk," muttered Pecksley, "but I an't so dreadful delicate and squeamish about where my money comes from as you seem to think. The boss and Wix and me have been in some scrapes, and I reckon 'twouldn't be fair to go agin 'em in this matter. I shouldn't want them to go agin me. Besides that, the boss knows things about me I don't care to have pub- lished in the Alta and so on; but the great p'int of all is, that I'll fare as well if I stick it out on my present line as if I played traitor. I don't know what game the boss is up to with you, but I reckon he's after a big sum of money, and in that case it's my p'int to hold on. If he knows things about me, I know things about him, and I can make more out of my knowledge than he can out of his'n. Whatever he gets I shall share, so you can spare your breath," added Pecksley doggedly, restoring his pipe to his mouth. "Twon't do no good to talk to me, Mr. Preble." "Mr. Preble!" thought Hetty. "It must be the San Francisco banker. Adrian must have telegraphed to him about Mrs. Preble's disap- pearance, and he has come up here only to fall among thieves. Perhaps Mr. Trevil is one of the three highwaymen, and Pecksley is another, and they have captured and hidden him here, intending to make him pay a heavy ransom. I must rescue him." She had come to this determination when the banker spoke again, offering larger bribes to Pecksley, and entreating him to free and aid him. "Twon't do!" said Pecksley doggedly. "You can talk all night, but you won't move me a peg. I can make more by sticking to the boss, and anyhow, I stick." "At least then," said Mr. Preble desperately, "loosen my bonds. They cut into my flesh." "Can't do it," mumbled Pecksley through his pipe, as it seemed. "If you were free, you might make a strike for liberty. Birds without wings don't fly. You're safer as you are, in case I should drop off to sleep in the night." "You do not intend to keep me bound so tightly all night?" ejaculated Mr. Preble. "You would not treat a dog so. Why not lock me up in some secure upper chamber, if you fear my escape, and so permit me a little freedom of mo- tion?" Pecksley seemed horrified at the suggestion. "Lock you up up-stairs?" he repeated, as if incredulous. "This house is ha'nted. I wouldn't no more go up-stairs than I'd fly. I've heard enough about the ghosts that live here, and I see quite enough of the house, as it is," and he glanced around the kitchen. "I don't want to see no more than this room." "That is foolish talk for a grown man," said Mr. Preble. "Are you so ignorant as to believe there are ghosts upstairs?" "I've seen them as have seen the ghosts," declared Pecksley, as if settling the argument beyond all question. "I don't want no expe- rience of 'em myself. I wouldn't go up stairs even in the day-time for all you're worth, and I don't want no more talk on the subject." The fact was evident that Pecksley was more than usually superstitious on this point, having the usual horror of the ignorant concerning ghosts, so Mr. Preble ceased to urge him for better accommodation. As for Hetty, her face glowed with a sudden resolve, as she believed she saw a way to release the unfortunate banker. Arising, she crept silently up the stairs to her late prison. Entering the room, she went to the bed and stripped from it a coarse white sheet which Ben. Greddley had brought from the Five- Fork Tavern. This she wrapped closely around her, pulling it over her head and allowing it to trail on the floor. "I must look like a ghost now," she solilo- quized. "Yet, to make 'assurance doubly sure,' I won't show myself till about dark. Ben. Greddley won't be here before midnight, I am positive, as he won't dare to leave the tavern by daylight. I shall have plenty of time." She crept down the stairway again, and re- sumed her post in the hall by the kitchen door. The sunlight was fading now. "It's a'most night," Pecksley was saying uneasily. "I don't much like the idea of spending the night in a ha'nted house. And this kitchen is so pesky chilly and damp it'll give me the rheumatiz." "It is damp," said the banker, shivering. "Why don't you light a fire?" Pecksley meditated an instant, and decided that the hint was worth acting upon. He imme- diately set to work gathering the materials for a fire, and piled them up in the old-fashioned fireplace, lighting a paper at the base of the heap with his pipe. "This is more like it," he said, in a grumbling voice. "But the idea of a fire in ummer to get warm at! This 'ere house is like a vault, or a tomb. Seems as if I couldn't get the chill out of my bones nohow!" Yet, notwithstanding appearances, he made the effort, producing a small flask from his pocket, from which—having removed the pips from hismoath—be imbibed a goodly quantity of liquor. "I thought you told your master you had no whisky with you?" remarked Mr. Preble. "So I did," rejoined Pecksley, with a wink and a leer. "But this was one of them cases where 'ignorance is bliss' to him. What he don't know won't worry him. I only chose to spare his feelings." The banker leaned back on the bench, aching in every joint. His bonds cut into his flesh. A deep sigh, that was almost a groan, escaped him. It seemed to him as if, with his terrible anxieties added to his bodily misery, he should go mad. "If the fellow would only get drunk, or go to sleep," he thought. "I would then try to roll over to the fire and burn the cord that holds my hands together. But he will do neither. He is too cautious to get drunk, and too afraid of ghosts to sleep." In this conclusion he was right. Pecksley had no intention of going to sleep, and thus leave himself at the mercy of possible spectres. Be- sides the same idea had occurred to him as to the prisoner in regard to burning the ropes that held the latter captive, and he was on his guard against such an attempt. He smoked out his pipe and put it in his pocket, and then sauntered to the door, opening it. The short twilight had begun. The grey shadows of evening were settling down lightly and softly over field and gulch and road. Pecks- ley leaned against the door-post and looked out, muttering a wish that Wix could have shared his disagreeable vigils. "But he'll be here to-morrow to relieve me, when that fellow John is disposed of," he added. "And I sha'n't dread staying here so then. Good company makes all the difference in the world. And now to take care of the horses." He made sure that Mr. Preble's bonds were secure, and then went out to the stable. The twilight had matured into evening before his re- turn, and the kitchen was dark save where the red glow of the fire illuminated it. "It's dark!" announced Pecksley, coming in, and leaving the door ajar. "I suppose you'll have some supper, Mr. Preble? We've got plenty of provisions. Pity I forgot to get some candles!" He set about preparing the supper. Hetty had waited patiently all this while, but, now that it was dark, she began to grow uneasy and apprehensive of Ben. Greddley's arrival. Every sound she heard she fancied the sound of an approach. "I cannot wait longer!" she murmured anxiously. "Every minute of delay brings me nearer to danger. I must move now!" She opened the door abruptly and entered the kitchen. [TO BE CONTINUED.] TESTING THE SOUNDNESS OF GROWING TIMBER.—Large trees of valuable timber are frequently unsound, either hollow, "dozy," or full of cracks at the butt end, even when the external appearance indicates a good condition of the interior or heart. This is particularly the case with white oak timber. Large and valuable trees have frequently been purchased at an exorbitant price for some special purpose. But when the woodman's axe had made a kerf half-way to the middle of the butt, the interior was found to be hollow or dozy, rendering the timber wholly worthless for the purposes in- tened. In order to determine whether the heart of a tree is defective, without cutting into it with an axe, the most expeditious way is to bore into the butt say one foot from the surface of the ground, with a 2-inch auger, drawing out chips frequently for examination. In case the tree is of so large dimensions that the heart can not be reached with an auger of ordinary length, an iron rod one or more feet long may be at- tached, either by welding, or by means of a sockt made in the rod to fit the shank of the auger. An auger hole near the ground will not injure a tree for timber, except in case it is to be employed for sleigh runners or for ship building. Men who are familiar with the appearance of the bark of the butt end of many kinds of timber can frequently determine, without testing, whether the tree is defective at the heart. Still this can not always be done in a reliable manner, since, when the defect is but small, the bark will not indicate it by any peculiarity of appearance. BOSTON, United States, has appropriated $32,000 to have music taught in the public schools. 