HOME THOUGHTS. Full assurance is not necessary for salvation. There may be saving faith, yet no assurance that you are saved. There is weak faith as well as strong faith. If we should define a man to be a living man only by the strongest demonstrations of life, laughing, leaping, running, digging, would not many who groan under internal and external weakness, and who cannot ku^li, nor leap, nor run, be found dead men whom yet we know to be alive 1 Lite is shown by a groan, a sign, as mucii as by the most violent exercise. I remember hearing of a young minister, who was very much beloved, being very nearly drowned at Yarmouth. A crowd gathered round the fisherman's hut into which bis ap parently lifeless body had been carried, waiting with the greatest anxiety to hear that life had not fled for ever. For full half an hour they watched the closed door with beating hearts, from which all hope was ebbing fast, when the door was suddenly opened, and an eager, joyous face was thrust forth with the glad intelligence, ' He has drawn a breath.' And through all that crowd there ran an expression of passion ate thankfulness, and strong men grasped one another's hands, i and women drew their own children closer to them, and cried, ' Thank God ! thank God !' It was but one faint breath, but it was life. Ah, my brother, have you begun to pray in earnest ? Do you long for Christ? Are you trying to give uj) your old ways, and tarn to Him in your life with full purpose of heart? Have you begun to read your Bible ? Then be of good cheer : you have drawn a breath, you have got life — even though you have, as yet, no assurance that you have passed from death unto life. Assurance is necessary to the well-being, not the being, of a Christian ; or, as Bunyan puts it, great faith yields a Heaven here, little faith a heaven hereafter. Again, there is no such thing as confessing Christ in secret, and the attempt to do so is often the reason why men do not ?find peace. If you are to be saved by Christ, you must come out openly on the Lord's side. There is no such thing as a back-door Christian. What would you think if a soldier were to say to his commander, 'Thank you, you won't get me to clap that red coat on my back in a hurry, and make myself a mark to every bullet ! Why, the enemy would know I am your soldier, and every foolish fellow would be popping away at me, and I can't disgrace my colours when I like. No, thank you, I would rather fight in a quiet sort of a way in plain clothes, with nothing to mark me as your soldier, and slink in and out of your camp as I like !' Yet how many of you do the same with the Great Captain of your salvation, Christ — refuse to wear His regimentals, refuse to come to the Lord's table, or have family prayers maybe — refuse to come out boldly on His side and be known as His disciples, because you are : i afraid of being committed to live a holy, God-fearing life, and dread the jeers and taunts if you are caught slipping; and then you wonder you don't find peace ! But remember, if you are to be Christ's soldier, there is no such thing as being a Christian on the sly — no such thing as slinking into the devil's camp, and then sneaking into Christ's camp, and thinking you ?can filch the victor's palm after all. You must decide; and if you. say you can't, then kneel down and pray for the Holy Ghost till you can openly cast in your lot with the Lord's people, and feed upon the Lamb who ' washed you in His own blood,' and was slain to redeem you to be ' priests and Mngs to your God.' .'. Again, doubt your own power to stand as much as you like, but don't doubt His power to keep you from falling. I have read, in olden times, when slavery existed over the whole earth, of one who had four sons, and in a great famine, being sore pressed with hungei*, the parents resolved to sell one son as a slave to buy bread. Then came the question, which of the four they should part with. They said the eldest was the first-born of their strength, therefore they were loth to sell him ; the second son was the very picture of his father, there fore the mother would not hear of j-arting with him ; the third was the image of his mother; no, the father could not bear the thought of losing him ; and the fourth was the child of their old age, their Benjamin, the dearly-beloved of them both, without whom their grey hairs would go down in sorrow to the grave. So they resolved they would all perish together rather than part with one. And if an earthly father and mother can love like that, and rather die than lose one, do you think that the Great Father in heaven will lose one of His children, even the weakest ? Do you think if you were really to give your heart to Him, if you ?really want with all your heart to be His, He would lose you, and suffer you to perish 1 I say that the man who really longs for his God, and is determined with full purpose of heart to be His, though a thousand fall at his right hand, it shall not come nigh him; for God shall give, not only 'the angels,' but His own Son, ' charge over him to keep him in all his ways.' A dear friend of mine who was converted from Judaism to faith in Christ, has often described to me the putting away of unleavened bread as it is still observed in Jewish families. Not only is all the bread made with yeast carefully sent out of the house, but an entirely fresh service of pots and pans, and cups and plates and dishes, is brought down out of the garret, where it is reserved for the clays of unleavened bread, so that nothing may be in use which has been so much as touched by bread made with yeast. This done, the master of the house pro ceeds to search all over every cupboard to see that no leavened bread remains; and then he solemnly kneels down with his family, and prays that if a crumb remain, God would merci fully forgive it. Then in comes the Rabbi, and they again kneel down, and he prays yet more earnestly that if so much as an unseen crumb remain, it may be forgiven; and then, and not till then, they sit down to the family meal, and par take of the unleavened passover cakes. We can hardly help smiling, with a sad pitying smile, at such gross formalism; but what a picture does it afford of the carefulness with which a Christian should give up all sin, and not keep a single crumb of the old leaven of malice and wickedness hidden away in in some back shelf or corner of his heart. ' Purge out therefore the old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us: therefore let us keep the feast.' (1 Cor. v. 7,8.) Not some things, but all things are made new when a man becomes a new creature in Christ. I do not mean to say that the moment a man becomes converted, he will never fall into his old sins again, as some think. But this I say : he will hate all sin and strive against all sin, and not allow himself a crumb of the old leaven if he can help it. There is all the difference between sin living in. a Christian, and a Christian living in sin. Every one that has got drink in him is not, therefore, in drink. He may fall through weakness and a sudden temptation, but he can say, with Job, ' Thou knowest that I am not wicked.' He hates his sins; he is always cry ing out against his sins; he cries out to God to subdue them. He will not say, a3 I have heard some working men say, 'After all, I am far different from what I was, since I have come to this here meeting. I don't swear half so much as I did, and it isn't much I go to a public-house now, and never on Sundays ; and I can keep from getting too much within a little ; and as to me and my wife having words, it ain't many we have now, and I go most Sundays to a place of worship.' No, my brother, this half- and-half kind of thing won't do. Every crumb of the old leaven of sin must be swept out before we can keep the feast of deliverance, through a Saviour's blood, in sincerity and truth. Never tell me you love Him while you keep a single one of those old blood-stained nails which nailed Him to the cross — -a single sin you don't fight against to the death. I was once told of an American grocer who was converted at a camp-meeting. Being converted, of course he shut his Sun day shop. Accordingly, one of his usual customers came the next Sunday, and, to his amazement, found the shutters up, and the door shut. He knocked and knocked, but in vain. At length a head was thrust out of an upper window. ' What do you want ?' 'What do I want? Why, tea and sugar to be sure; but I can't get in, the door is locked.' ' Yes, we are closed — got converted at the camp-meeting. 'What?' ' Con- verted, I say.' ' Then you mean to say I can't buy my tea and sugar?' 'Oh well, perhaps, if you don't mind. going round the back way, we will oblige you, as you are an old customer.' Alas ! how many there are who, if the devil will only go round the back way, will oblige him like the American grocer ! How many a man is cross and hasty with his wife if there is no one to hear; but if a friend comes in, he hands his wife a chair, and it is all ' My dear,' and he is so pleasant ? How many a man will go to the ale-house, if he is sure of not meet ing the minister or the lady by the way ? How many will turn a penny by ways that they would not care to have known, and salve over their consciences by saying, ' A fellow must live !' 0 men ! as ye are Englishmen, be honest saints, or honest sinners. Don't have back-door dealings with the devil, and then think you can still sprinkle the saving blood on the front door: trying to cheat God will only bring you in for Judas's rope when you are thinking to gain Peter's crown. — People's Magazine. . ' 