BATHURST AUTUMN MEETING, 1870. r, JucoB ; J. N. M'Intoflli, E»q. HANDlOAlTElt : Thoinna H.West, Esq. BTEWAIIDH:-JV, XllompBOU, Mian. ; "y. iura, .1.11,4 John 'MThlliainy, Esq. ; E. Combes, Esq. ; Jam Rutherford, Esq. ; Thomas Loo, Esq, OLKRK OJ? THE COTOBE AND STAUTE«. ; Mr. Jam ,' . Cassidj'. Who has not soon tho Bathurst Course has not sc< tho prettiest and best improved ono in New Sou Wales, after Randwick and Homebush, What t Bathurst Club have dono to make their courso go and their mooting 'attractive would fill a good-siz book, wero I to ossay tho task of telling it ; nm must thercforo rest sati.iilod with a ¿ow partícula] Tho course is situated just a convenient distance frc tho ' town ; is fenced in with paling fonco ; and t stand and Baddling paddock, aro all put up after t' plan adopted by tho A. J. C. at Randwick. It is matter of imioh regret that tho efforts of the Bathui sportsmen havo not been crowned with ns great measuTo of success as they desorvo ; but hitherto t meetings havo been losing affairs in point of mono; something having always turned up to prevent a lari entry of horses or nttendunco of spectators. Tl timo, however, tilings have done better ; and it Batisfnotory to ino to say that tho incoting was in eve way successful. Certainly, tho rain on tho first di kept many people nway ; but any shortcoming in tl ospect on thu Wednesday was amply coinponsnti or by tho glorious s unshino and crowded stand ai booths on Thursday and Friday. The town in sontcd a lively appearance within a few da of tho races. Tho Metropolitan racing ni betting division woro woll represented. Messrs. Ta Leo, and Ivory had horses engaged in most of t races ; and altogether tho mooting created quito much interest ami excitement as a provincial o Íjonorally docs at liest of times. Beside tho Sydn ors, Mr. Cornwell carno from Richmond with Ci nation and Moderator of Mr. Town's, and Si M'Qundo's " Juanita," and won with each of thoi Mr. Leo and Mr. Ivory were out of luck, oxeopting so i as tho Leger was concorncd, which foll unexpectedly Surbiton. Phoebe, who had been backed for the Cup a'sliort prico in Sydney, ran four times without scori a "win, though sho was twice second; nnd nftor fi races falling to Mr. Cornwall's lot nnd two ta il Tait's, thero remniucd six for tho country divisic Tile course had been a triflohard ; but tho rain of Tu< day and Wednesday morning put it in good ordor, that nothing broke down going down tho hill ; though t up-hill business wns pretty sovcre, nnd told on t heavy weights. When Carnation arrived, and was so to bo in suoh splendid fettle, sho became a gre favourite ; and was freely backed at short odds for ¡ her engagements ; but Traverton, who looked out sorts, lost casto altogether; Mr. Tait giving the pool who had backed him on the strength of tho differon between tho opinion formed by him of Mr. West, a: tho high estimation in which ho was hold by tho Han wick Handicappers, a start for their monoy, thou, tho horse hadn't thc ghost of a chanco. I fan Juanita must havo been short of timo, and com quontly not in tip-top fottlo, or olso Surbiton woú not'havo got his hoad in front for tho Leger ; howov« Mr. M'Quado's cheap purchase put a couple of mc to her owner's credit. Tho Ida colt looked woll ai went Well, and would have taken a great qunntity heating in cithor of his light weight races, both which lio won with plenty to sparc. Hiving thus f gbnorally premised, I proceed to givo you an nccou; of what was dono on tho FIRST DAY.-WEDNESDAY. ' Tho morning oponed cheerless and miserablo ; so th whon it was timo to go to tho eourso only tho sportii people wore to bo seen on tho movo. No placo is mo ?wretched than a racccourso in wot weather ; and th day that of Bathurst was no oxcoption. Thero wo not moro than three or four hundred pcoplo on tl ground ; and of tbeso a largo portion wero of tho dev sort, who livo on thowoakness of others. All tho gain incidental to races wero there ; but, os these ha* been described by ovcry ono who lins ?written ITICOB fi tho last twenty years, your readers dont want to bo el lightened any moro on that part of tho subject. TI officials woro all at their posts, and doing their duty i apraisoworthy manner, tut indeed tho Bathurst rai officials do ; nnd nobody found much in tho nrrnng monts to growl about. Tho pcoplo were well bchavod and gavo tho police little enough to do. A groat pim has Bathurst always been for picking winners ; and hool makers have generally been caught by somo ono " piol ing" tho tbreo handicap winners. This time, howovc: although en tho first day, nil tho first, favourites pullc through, there was no such thing as " naming 'om" o tho other two. Indeed I don't remombcr winnoi being so difficult to Boot on tho last day of a conntr mooting ns they wero hero. Punctually to time tho Maiden Tintern wore sent to tb post, Mr. Tait's colt being a great pot ; and ho won hi raeo vory olovorly, indeed easily, making his inaido win, nftor sundry attempts on Metropolitan grouni After this carno tho Trial Stakes which brought ou four animals, among which was old Pacha, as game a over ; but though tho will is thero, tho powor is wan! ing ; and in running second to Modorator ho was Hilde right home hy Fred Mnrtinccr, who is noted as a moe accomplished punisher, socond to no jookoy out fe Bovcrity whon needed. Tho Richmond stablo com maliced a serien of wins, by Moderator pulling off thi ono nftor a good raco. The time of this milo am a half was a socond and a half faster than tho Maido: Plato ; but both slow. Tho great raco of tho day nm of tho meeting carno noxt, and for it eleven sportei Bilk ; Carnation at Inst finding moro favour with th corrnoscaiti than oithor Phoobo or Traverton, botli o whom had boon backed before time. Tho maro fron Riohmund justified tho confidonco of her backors, nm did credit to hor trainer by winning very cloverly Phoobo hoing second, Silvorstain third, The Moo: fourth, and Advocate fifth. Traverton novor showei in front from start to finish ; and if ho over waa gooi onough to win it, about whioli thore aro many doubts ho certainly was not BO to day. Juanita had no ililli oulty in polishing olf tho lot opposed to her in Un Squatter's Stakes ; and so Mr. Cornwell wound up i capital day's racing by pulling off thrco ovents in sue cession. Boforo going fully into particulars of tin sport, I may mention that tho condition of tho horsci was gonornlly very good ; and that bettor racing btu never been soon on any courso than wo have this timi enjoyed here. ' Til« Maiden Plato of 5 sovereigns eaoh, with 10( sovereigns added. 1J mile. Second horso to reccivi 10 sovereigns from tho prize. Mr. J. Tait's lila Colt, by Now Warrior, 3 years 7«l lllbs fC. Stanley) .. .. .. .. .. ] J. Ford's Medea, 4 years, 8st lolbs (Francis) .. : W. Avery's niuo Bonnet, 4 years. Sst lOlbs (W. George) .. .. .. .. ., : J. T. Tlnilnlu's lone, 3 years, 7st dibs ÇL. Martlnocr) Betting : 2 to 1 on tho Ida Colt. . Bofore they drew to tho starting post lono indulged in a once round breather hy herself ; and had not hoi rider bcon a. horseman sho would most likoly have parted company with him ; as it was sho put her chanco out completely. After soma delny on account of this broakaway a fair start was offeotod, and lone, nothing daunted hy hor previous performance, showod tho way at tho best pace^sho could maka, tho Ida colt, Medea, and Bluo Bonnet following in tho ordor named, and BO they passed tho stand and went down tho bill- in tho bottom, tho favourito, who had boon pulling double, went up to tho leader, disposed of ber with- out an offort and having tho rest of tho gallop to him solf, won in a cantor, hard hold. Timo, 2 min. DG sccs. Tito Trial Stakes of 30 sovereigns, with a sweep of 2 sovereigns eaoh ; for all horses ; IA milo. Tho winner to bo sold immediately after tho raco for £30 ; tho sur- plus, if any, to go to tho funds. Second horso ö sove- reigns from prize. Mr. A. Town's Moderator, 3 years, 7ot Dibs (J M'Cnlio ,, 1 .). Do Olouet's l'achn, aged Dst ïllis (!'. Martlnocr) .. U J. Hiilhortoru'a Midnight, 4 years, est 101 bs h. Marlkiocr) ,, .. ,, ,, (., 3 II. Itead's Paris, ngcil, Dst 21l>«. Rotting : ti to .! on Moderator ngninst tho field. Thero was ono false attempt, after which thu flag fell to a good Btart. Midnight waa tho first to BIIOW in front, I'ltoha noxt; and the other two oloso up. TIIÍB ordor was maintained till they began to descend tho hill, when Pacha deprived Midnight of the lend ; mid hohl tho command ulong tho bottom, whore ho ami Midnight woro racing nido by aldo ; nnd so tlioy com nicncod to ascend tho hill, and Moderator WIIB seen to mako a great run at tho lcadors. Tho gnmo old son of Little John Bottled tho pretentious of Midnight in going up thu hill, and whon thoy carno In sight Modo- rator was in front with tho rnco in hand. The positions wera not altered, and Mr. Town's colours wero landed first by half a length, Midnight a bad third, and Parin beaton off. Timo, 2 min. fi-IJ sccs. Tho Bathurst Cup of H sovereigns each, with 200 sove- reigns ndded, for all horses ; 2 miles. Second horso 20 sovereigns from tho prize. Entrance, 7¿ sovoroignB. Mr. A. Town's Omintlati, hy Yolvorton, 5 years, "st Bibs (J. M'Cnlio) . .. .. ,,1 E. Loo's I'hiubc, 0 years, Bat lSlbs (Colley) .. "2 .1. T. Tludalo's Htlverstalu, 4 years, Ost (Jibs (Scott) ,. 3 .1, Bo donut's Tho Moor, 0 years, Ust31ba (F. Martliieor) .1. Tait's Traverton, aged, 7at 71hs lt. llend'a Mickey Freo, aged, "nt -tibs 15\. Leo's Htirbltmi, 3 years. Oat 12lb« V. Hunter ns VanRuanl, aged, (1st lulbs T. Ivory's b g Harney, aged, Dst IOU« " e li Marskc, 4 years, list 71bs ll, ,lolfrey's Advocate, 4 years, Ost «Iba Betting : 2 to 1 v. Fhcobo, 2 to 1 v. Carnation, 10 to 3 v. Moor, -I to 1 v. Mnrsko. It touk somo llttlo timo, in consequence of n cottplo of brenkn-nway, to got this lot together, hut then thore wiut not much to object to in tho start. Advooato made tho miming, clear of tho others, who woro all laid up in a ruck- at tho head of willoh tho colours of Phcubo and Tho Moor wore conspicuous. By tho time tlioy roached tho turn for homo. Vanguard ran through bia horses and took the command ; and ho , passed tlio stand to ooramonco tho' second round, with ft olear lead 'of Phcobo; ?- who was seoond ; Tho Moor, Carnation, 1 and ? Silvorstain hoing ; next in order, and running eldo by side. In going down tho hill, tho paco mended oonaidcrnbly, and Vanguard cried ago, leavingSilvoratnin with the lend; Mickey Freo and Advoonto having joined Phoebe and Carnation, who in thoir turn had disposed of Tho Moor, thoy mn without chango along tho bottom ; but in rising tho liill Carnation commenced to force the pneo, and all but Phnjho gavo way ; tho two mares going out of sight, clear of tho held. AVhon next they became visible, Carnation was alone in front, and Phoebe had tho honours of second placo to herself, a stato of things that continued to tho end ; for although tho daughter of Sir Horados showed all tho gameness of her family. Bbc was no match for Carna- tion on that day ; and M 'Cabo scored his second win for Mr. Town, without much trouble, by tin co or four lengths. Silvorstain ran a good race homo, and finished a length from l'hobo, hoing some lengths before Tho Moor, who was fourth, followed noxt by Advoonto, Time, 3 min. CO secs. Tho Squatters' Stakes of -10 sovereigns, with a swoop of 3 sovereigns each added, forallhorsosjlj mile. Socond horse to receive 4 sovereigns from tho prizo. Winners of £00 at ono timo71bs., of £100 141bs. extra. Mr. J. M'Quadc's b f Juanita, by New Warrior, 3 years, 7st OUIH (M'Cabu) .. .. .. 1 C. Timinie'* c f Fancy (lato Miss Kingston), 1 yet rs 8st lOlbs (U. Stanley) .. .. .. 2 T. Ivory's n b MnrquiB, r> yearn, Dst nibs (Bennett 3 ?1. Tait's b c Ida Colt, 3 years, 7st 111b» .. dr Hotting 3 to I on Juonita v, tho fiold. Publio opinion was perfectly correct in its choico of a favorite j for after letting Fancy romain in front on Butferanoo as long as sho pleased, Juanita came out in tho strnicht mid won in a canter. Time 2min. 24BCO. 