A BATCH OF REGENT NOVELS. LEONORA CABALONI ¡ Or, Tho Marriage Secret. By T. Adolphus Trollopo,-uuthor of " Gomma," &c.; STKETTON. A Novol. By Honry Kingsloy, aullior of "Eavonshoo," &o.;, &c.; THE DEAD GUEST. A mysterious story. By Hoin rich Zschokko. Translated from tho German hy George O. Moe "Whorter, M.A. THE HAnEK-MBiSTEii. A talo of tho Barngian Moun- tains. Translated from tho Gorman of Hermann Schmid. WATEHLOO. A Sequel to Tho Conscript. By Erck mnnn- Chatrain. THE SACUISTAN'S HOUBEHOIVD. A Story of Lippo Detmold. By tho author of " Mahol's Pro gross," otc. etc. AVith illustrations. "LEONOHA CABALONI" hears tho nnmo of Trollopo on its titlo-pago. But T. Adolphus Trollopo is a much olovorer man than, his brother. Goorgo Elliot has writtonthomoBtndmirableEngUsh-Italiannovol. None othor stands hesido it. But aftor it comos Adolphus Trollope's ina creditable rank. Ho is notaman of high imagination, but ho is scholarly, philosophical, and pootio in tomporament. His method is simple, his characters oro not striking, not great, hut natural and interesting;. Ho is, porhaps, to ho comparod with, tho pleasant author of " Tho Initials," or with Souvost. " Leonora Casoloni" is a clover story, not absorbing, but no vor dull. It ÏB a picture of tho Italy of forty year ago, an Italy which revolution, railroads, liboral influoncos and tho roign of law aro fast banishing from existence. Mr. Trollopo lovos tho ripe physical beauty of Italy, ns woll as ho lovos her lifo in her art, in her literature, and in her children. And that which ia fair to him ho reproduces in fairness, so that his storios havo tho wnrm atmosphere, tho color and bloom of tho beautiful land. Aftor " Tho Initinls," ono felt that ho had spent months in Bavaria^ and aftor "Gemma " and "Leonora" ono has lived in Tuscany, and Homo, and tho mountains. Adolphus Trollopo is almost as minutoin his touches as Anthony. Por- haps Italy savos him from being as tedious, but we would rather think it his imagination, becauso that glorious minister is so commonly ignored among the innumerable talo-wrights. If thoro aro fow great Knclish novels, thoro oro hosts of croditablo stories of society, and manners, when aro wo colonists to have any P " Not while wo aro colonists," wo fancy wo hoar from somo admiror of Dr. Lang and indepon donco. Another, less advanced in politics, hints that wo havo no "society." \Vhilo tho vordict of tho world at largo concerning UH is an ocho of tho verdict of tho philosophic tar of tho Western Mandora, " manners they have none, and their customs are disgusting." It may still bo said that thoro is much in our life that is dramatic, much that is distinctive and character- istic. Wo havo Boverol clover story-writers, hut only ono of them hos, as yet, offered us a regular threo-volumod novel. Fortuno and fame await tho coming man : doublo fortuno and famo if Providence heeds tho adjuration of tho young follow in tho play, and " makes it a woman." " Stretton" is a story of college youth, of quiot country lifo, of India of eourso-for what English muscular novol is completo without India-and of final felicity-tho unnecessary follows remembered at tho proper momont by palo Death, and tho moro inte- resting ones coming out unscathed of danger to rosy content and easy competence. But theso studentsroar through tho book like a whirlwind. That they aro hom with their fists doubled up, thoy toko ns a sign thiitthoy aro to go throughlifo inthosamo pugnacious attitude Thoy aro manly to tho last dogroo. Thoy aro expressly called so, and thoy think thomsolves so, and tho reader is ovorborno with a sonso that thoy aro so. Thon, in contemplativo mood, ho analyses their manly sum, and finds it to consist of muscio, unflinching courngo, a dogged determination to havo ono's own way, tho fighting instinct of a Zouavo, and politeness to a pretty woman. This is tho young Englishman _ of worth and birth, tho Englishman who lives in a castle and shoots ovor many entailed acres and has a scat in Parliament. Tho women wo know. Aunt Eloanoro ia strong-minded, and able-bodied, of bottor strain than tho mon because capahlo of sublimo unsolfishnoss, but coarso for all that. Tho others aro not worth much. Tho book is Charles Bcadish in a certain tendency to epigram and jorkinoss, to tho theatrical in situation and expression. And it is not tho hotter for it. To bo Charles Ecado is to bo tho most audacious, brilliant, amusing, exci- ting of scribes-but to bo Uko Charles Bcado, thoro he pooplo, and peoplo ! Tho Kingsloys do not write dull hooks, nor siUy books. Thoro is variety, action, strugglo, a rude common Bcnso, a brightness which is almost briUianoy, from initial lottor to final period. I They have a real lovo of naturo too ; tho lovo of tho naturalist rather thun of tho poot, perhaps, with a responsiveness of mood which belongs to tho poetic tompornmont. But thoro is an underlying coarseness, too. It carno out in tho Eyro business. It comos out in a certain unconsciousness of tho finor uses of lifo. It comos_ out in tho heroes inevitably, and in tho hero- ines not infrequently. And ono losos pationco, that mon who soo so much in lifo and character fail to soo so much moro. For all that, " Strotton "'is a very interesting novol, and Hstloss pooplo will loso thoir listlessness for an hour or two, if thoy invito them- selves to its foreiblo pagos. Just why, now a days, such a library of Gorman novels translated into English, and of English novóla whoso sceno is laid in_ Germany, should ho oftbred UH by tho London press it is not easy to toU. It is not many yoars since Carlylo introduced Gootho to English roadors, and now wo aro likoly to know tho social lifo of Germany in palaco and hut, in city and hainlot,as familiarly as woknow that of England. Por- haps tho Prussian war or tho murringo of tho Princoss Boyal romindod hor Majesty's subjects that thoro was an almost unknown nationidity over tho narrow sea. Porhaps tho appaling fecundity of Mrs. Mull ahach discloses! now mines to tho oxhnustod novelist. Howovor it bo, for tho last year or two of making Gorman story-books thoro has boon no ond, and much moro studying of thom wiU bo a woariness of tho flosh. It is a pleasant chungo, howovor. Wo havo long drawn tho lees of English life, and hardly moro than tho scum has yot rison in tho decanting of our own rich but unripo wino. Wo road Fronch nováis and Fronch plays, in translation, nt least somo of us do. Bul wo don't read much German. Boarding-school girls do not catch protty plirasos in thoir littlo note _ of momory liko tho butterflies oo Fronch conversation which thoy impalo, and thoy turn shuddering away from tho rugged alphabet and tho ruggodor grammar. So, on tho wholo, most of UH know rather loss of tho Gormnny of to-day than tho indefatigable gontlemnn who|having laboured through OllondoriT, landed nt Bromen, convinced that ho spoko German liko n " dom'd nativo," nnd was astonished thnt nobody naked him in carofiüly divided syUahlcs, " Havo you soon tho boll of tho brown cow of tho sistor of my grandfather P "-to which ho was prepared,to .reply, in equally, Byinniqtrical Gorman, !' I havo not Boon tho hell of tho brown cow of tho Bister of your grandfather, hut I have soon tho silver Îioncil-caso of tho daughter of tho notary of your dlhor ;" hut who, finding that norther brown cows nor poncil- cnsos -woro tho staple of conversation, and unablo to conjocturo in wlmt unknown tonguo, of what unknown thing, these voluhlo barbarians woro talking, fled hack to England in tho samo ship, and cursed Ollondorff to tho day of his death. So wo owo a doht to Mr. MucWhortor', to other craftsmen,'and wo wish it woro largor. Mr.Mac"\Vhorter has translated two shorter storios of Zschokko's Gorman, os quaint and humourous and bright ns his imagination. Wo got tho story, but wo loso tho light by which to road tho story. In this English it is worth tho reading, hut itis only a rather ingonous, rather clcvor, very fantastic, and quito impossible romaneo. Wo think it is an honest ghost, but not an interesting ono, this " Doad Guest," nnd his antics soon censo to amuse, whilo Zschokko's " Dead Guest" mndo a delightful sonso of horror run in cold chills down your bnck. Thisbusiness of translation is a delieato matter, and ono for which publishers pay very moan pricos. Thnt is tho roason, wo imagino, why so many young ladies tako to it. But then every young lady is not fortunato enough to havo a papa who is ablo to dip his hand into the public treasury; and an oi-dinnry trans- lator gets worso pay than a copying clerk, and hoing usually driven by poverty not only to tuko tho prico but to hurry tho work, tho result is a very melan- choly ono. Now tho translator should bo a scholar as fuie, ns ripe, ns sensitive, as tho author. Ho should bo in closest sympathy with tho author. Ho should know tho foreign language as ho knows Iris own; not its deep roots and strong stein alone, but all its lovely growth and sweetness, tho idlo tendrils it has thrown this way and that, the juices of tho soil that have fed it, tho airs from other climes that have blown fragranco and strength to it, tho stern seasons that havo wasted it, and the long periods in which it has grown, mid throbbed into fullest lifo, and (lowered, nnd fruited, in ever richer splendour. Tho truth is that men who know French cannot afford to translato it for tho public, .because in n day they could dash ofT an article which pays thom as much ns tho long and severo labour of n volume) of Hugo or Goorgo Sand. Ono of thoso who, fortunately, having to keep from tho door no animal more savage than a graceful hound, docs sometimes give his readers n book of nn author whom ho loves, but tho othors prick off tho wolf with their unresting pons and translato stories moro or less good for miserable pay. Most German translations aro at host but negatively good. They escape gravo errors, but they escape also tho Billowy ihivoured forco of the original-when tho original is so fortiuiato as to have it. If publishers would but discover that the people would gladly pay for admirable foreign stories, essays, poems, admir- ably translated, rather than for tho weak, washy everlasting flood of "original" matter which drowns out tho sparklo of most of om-magazine and weekly papers, thoy would themselves pay such prices as should command tho work, and lind their profit in it. "Tho Hnbcr-Moistor " is a sketchy story of a curi- ous Bavarian experionco. Thc Huber-feld was a socrot socioty instituted in tho dark days when justice was too high a thing to belong lo tho common pcoplo, and whon so shndowy and irrosponsiblo a tribunal ns this ignorant star-chamber was tho best protection tho vulgar could hopo. Tho story is simplo and common, tho birth of tho horoino being involved in tho usual mystery, and tho hero discovering tho secret at tho propormonfont. Tho rustic lifo and uncultured power of tho Bavarian fnrmors aro picturesquely doscribod. " Waterloo" is tho third of tho Erclminnn-Chntrain sorios, and tho sequel of " Tho Conscript." It dis- plays tho samo delieato gonius which secured tho success of tho formor two. Tho translation is, in somo rospocts, bettor than cither of tho othors. It is evidently most conscientiously correct. But oithcr this very endeavour hus fatlered tho translator, and forbiddon him tho airy oaso of tho original, or ho lucks imagination. So, whilo ho is clearly familar with spoken French, and thoroforo often gives us much lighter dialogue than wo havo hud before, thoro is a certain primness and oxactness about tho wholo which do not bolong to tho Erckmunn-Chatrain series at all. But wo oro glad enough to got a translation without foreign idioms, and glad enough, too, to got theso simplo and noblo stories in their popular form. " Tho Sacristan's Household," by tho author of "Aunt Margaret's Troifblo," is a very channing story. It, too, is Gorman, its scone hoing a provinco ns largo t»u «. 1-alulKuiuUïuf, and. ¿>,i*j,^,lj puiul Mitti lúgíl minded. Tho studios of character aro bright and fresh, tho movement of events is natural and direct, and tho quaint and homely villugo lifo so lovingly and faith- fully revealed that wo know all its odd ways and odd pooplo, and liko thom as well as theil' clover historian .would havo us. Tho lady hus u quick senso of humor, too, and a delieato touch of sátiro. Tho Court Circles uro very magnificent and funny. Tho little Cinder- ella is so enchanting a small drudgo that ono is delighted when tho tap of tho godmother's cano is hoard and tho big yellow pumpkin turns into . Her Grace's coach. Ali tho moro enchanting is sho in not caring for tho gilded conch, after all, but thinking that lovo, and homo, and Otto, aro better things. It would not bo hard to exchnngo tho coach for Otto, however, so tho little maid is not so heroic, for Otto is a roynl sort of a fellow, though lord of his prcsenco nnd no land beside. Wo havo not for many a day read a plcnsnnter talo than this of Ijippo-Dotmola. Tho young author is fast coming to bo counted among tho best of tho second-class of English novelists. 