SPIRITUALISM. — EXTRAORDINARY STATEMENTS BY ENGLISH NOBLEMEN. [From the Queen.'] The Earl of Dunraven aud Lord Adare have prill ted for private circulations volume, closely printed and of considerable size, containing 56 carefully prepared reports of a3 many sittings with Mr. Home. The Earl of Dunraven introduces these reports with a preface, in which he states that he went to the investigation completely sceptical, and left it completely convinced. That is, we understand, what will be reported by the Detective Committee of the Dialectical Society," only that the Committee have strictly limited their experiments to the physical phenomena of motion without contact, and sound without visible impact. The noble Lords who are the joint authors of the curious volume to which we refer appear to have witnessed and tested phenomena of a very different class from those to which the Detective Committee have directed their experiments. In the 56 trials they have minutely narrated,' not only did they witness all that the Committee have seen, but a great deal more that was both curious and inexplicable. It seems that their investigations were made where only such an examination would be of any value —in the house of the examiner, where he may be positively secured against the possibility of imposture by prearrangement of mechanism. The scenes of the phenomena described by the noble Earl were Dunraven Castle and his mansion in London. The authors have permitted the American newspapers to extract largely from their volume, so that its contents are not secret. Fifty copies only were printed, and these have been given to the friends of the reporters ; the English newspapers have not been favoured with the same permission to extract from it as was given to their American brethren—a distinction for which there appears to be no eufficicnt reason. It can scarcely be that the writers object to publicity ; for there is no secrecy when a book is once in print. Moreover, they have placed their names upon the title-page, and thus have given the best pledge that they describe only what they verily believe they saw. Having gone so far, it is to be regretted they have not gone further, and published the work for information of all who feel an interest in the subject of it. Let ua hope they wiU yet do so. Their reports are certainly very remarkable. Both attest to having seen Mr. Home raised from the floor and carried round the room more than once, in their own salons, with none present but a few personal friends, and therefore making collusion impossible, and precluding the common explanation of delusion by the presence of six witnesses to the same fact at the same moment. They certify not merely to having seen, but to having measured, an expansion of Mr. Home's body by|6 inches in height. They have seen him carry live coals in his hand and on his head, his skin being unburnt and his hair unsinged, though themselves could not touch the coal without a burn. These are material facts about which there can be no mistake. ButthenobleLorddescribesmore, which is not capable of demonstrative proof, becauseit may be a subjective and not an objective operation; that is to say, the image may be in the mind only, and not actually existing without. But, howsoever to be erplained, both assert that they have repeatedly seen spirit forms in their room. They describe them as being extremely shadowy, rather outlines than shapes, and therefore the psychologist may be cxcused for Betting them to the account of "the mind's eye" instead of the body's eye. This is a common and a very probable result of the adoption of the Spiritualist view of the phenomena that undoubtedly occur; seeing unaccountable motions, and hearing inexplicable sounds that do communicate something that is intelligible, though not always intelligent, the majority of spectators, unable to find a ready solution in physiology, at once set them to the account of spirits—which is a convenient solution, for it will account for anything. Profoundly convinced that all is the work of spirits, it is not surprising that they should expect to catch some glimpses of the invisible beings whom they believe to be moving about them. They strain their eyes to see. The wish is father to the thought. By an every-day tendency of the mind to think it sees what it expects to sec, images really formed in the mind, and existing only there, are readily supposed to be, and to the individual really appear to be external objects; and thus, as ghosts are seen l>y those who believe and fear, so spirit? are seen by those who, lirmlybelieviDgthemtobethere, in fact, hope and perhaps expect to see them there, and when supposed to be seen, the description always given of a dim outline or shadow, somewhat indistinct, betrays at once the true nature of the vision; it is within, and not without. But all of this conjoint production of Lords Dunraven and Adare should be read if only as psychical curiosities, and as demonstrating that it is not altogether an imposture or a delusion, and that there is some substantial truth at the bottom of a great superstructure of imagination which it behoves the scientific world, and above all the physiologist, to investigate for himself. We have already stated with much care the reasons that have led BO many of the recent investigators to the conclusion that the phenomena are not produced by invisible spiritual beings, but by the agency of some force proceeding from the nerve centres of one or more of the human beings present, which force may be, and frequently is, directed by the intelligence of one or more of those persons, acting either consciously or unconsciously; the general opinion being that it is an unconscious action either of the brain or of one of the nerve centres. Where causes are as yet obscure we can reason only by taking into consideration all the conditions that attend the exhibition of the effects, and see what hypothesis they most favour. In this matter, as our readers will remember— and, if tbey forget, we request them to refer —all the conditions attending the proved phenomena not merely point directly to the agency of the persons present, but are entirely inconsistent with the hypothesis of spiritual agency. It is true that the precise source of the influence that proceeds from the human being is as yet nntraced, whether it be brain, or ganglion, or nerve; so also with the manner in which the force actually operates upon the material bodies presented to it, and how it is directed by the intelligence of those present. But because we have not explored and discovered the physiology of these facts—being, in truth, as ignorant of it as we are of the manner in which a cabbage is converted by the digestive apparatus into blood and flesh, or how the arm obeys the will—we are not therefore justified in jumping at once to the conclusion that because we cannot account for it BO far as our present knowledge of psychology extends, therefore it must be the work of spirits. Seeing what sorry exhibitions of intelligence are made in the course of these phenomena—how utterly inconsistent they are with any conceivable notion of the spirit world — surely the rational course is to exhaust the possibilities of physiology -before we take refuge in spiritualism. Perhaps it- is not generally understood that spiritualism is something quite apart from the phenomena we have been describing. The Spiritualists look upon the force whose existence may now be deemed to be proved as something quite contemptible. Upon this small basis of facts they have erected a gigantic structure, ingeniously put together, aud forming a shapely whole, but built of dreams. Imagination and fancy are the architects; nothing of it is proved, or even capable of proof, and scarcely will any part of it bear the touch of reason or of scientific investigation. Hereafter we may perhaps present to the reader an outline of this marvellous crecd of Spiritualism that has been thus erected upon the fact that a force is exhibited when persons of a certain peculiar organization are present. But we are treating here only of those physical phenomena which are obvious to the senses, and therefore capable of demonstrative proof. Our next work will be an endeavour to suggest the direction which physiological research should take for the purpose of tracing the influence to its source in the human organization. 