THE STORY-TELLER. A TRUE GHOST STORY. My theory about ghosts up to Christ has Eve, 18-, was simply this, that there was sufficient evidence to warrant a belief in their appearance, but that such manifestations were -exceedingly unfrequent. I was inclined to believe that the majority of apparitions could be resolved into optical delusions, resulting, probably, from some occult derangement of what is termed the nervous system. In.the course of my life I have met with half-a-dozen persons who have seen spectral appearances, and these have invariably been people amongst the well educated classes, of a delicate and pecu liar organisation. Amongst the rural population, ghost-seers would seem to have no special idiosyncrasy ;.for their mind, being braced by io intellectual tonics on the .one hand, nor projected into a variety of channels on the other, strange as it may seem from their chronic stolidity, is of " imagination all com pact." They are all, for the most part, good average mediums. Now had I been a dyspeptic patient, or a poet, or the author of the "Unseen World," to whom the spirits of the departed habitually appear, (it is said that ghosts occasion ally drop into the library at Sackville College quite in a friendly way, and hold colloquies with the learned warden, just as the apparition of Sir Thomas More visited Montesinos; but then the one doc tor, in the library at Keswick, saw his spectres only "in his mind's eye," whilst the other doctor, in the Scriptorium at East Grinsted, is privileged to hold bond fide communications with the world of spirits),,had I been Lord Bury, Mr. Dion Boucicault, or the great "communicated" of the Times, it -would be only natural for me to be subject to spiritual phenomena ; but that a country parson, with a good digestion, capital appetite, vigorous con stitution, and with no more imagination than a Midsummer daw, should become a ghost-seer sorely against his will, and contrary alike to his habits, and his con victions, is, in truth, an abnormal state of things. Yet that I did stand face to face with a disembodied spirit on the 24th day of December, in the year of grace 18-, I know. It was no delusion, no spectral illusion. I saw and talkedwith a veritable, actual ghost, which appeared to me for a remarkable and special pur pose. On Christmas-eve, in the year of grace 18-, " The game of forfeits done ; the girls all kissed Beneath the sacred bush and pas'd away-" I heard not the usual "deep-mouthed bay" of my watch-dog, but a piteous and unearthly howl, unlike anything that ever I knew to come from canihe jaws. I went out into the garden, and before the verandah, on the gravel-walk, I found my bloodhound " Bruce " cowering in a pitiful stale.of terror. He actually gro velled at my feet, and whined as if in pain. In front of me was a spacious semi-circle lawn, belted by a girdle of forest-trees, at the extremity of which, about a yard from the ground, a clear, bright, steady light, about the size of a dollar, caught my eye. It remained perfectly stationairy. Struck with the usual appearance, I preceded to step from the gravel-path, on to the grass, white and crisp with frost, but the dog seized the skirt of my coat, and held me back. The light, hitherto so steady and fixed, began to advance in a straigt line towards me. I was convinced now it was the bull's-eye of the lantern of one of our rural police, and acccordingly I challenged the watchful exponent of paternal legislation. No answer was re turned, but the " bull's-eye" for a second seemed to have acquired the power of the electric light, and lit up the whole lawn as by an artificial sun. I now see that no human hand held that invisible lantern. All was again da.ik ness, save the clear, . steady, luminious appearance which seemed to be about the middle of the lawn., I am a natural philosopher in my humble way. Here was a great meteoric problem for ventilation in these excellent publica tions. I disengagedlmylcoatfrom"Bruce" and stepped upon the lawn. The light steadily advanced to meef-me, When I was about nine feet (so far as I can judge) from' the object, I found myself surrounded by what I can oily describe as apalpable atmosphere-amistofgolden haze-which entirely encircled the spot o which I stood, and over which the light burned. I stood to the ground with an unutterable horror, my tongue clove to my mouth, and the' very hair of my lhead seemed to stand on end, whilst a strange, prickly sensation passed rapidly over me, from the scalp of my head to the tips of my fingers and the sole of my feat. The light, which now seemed to be the luminous nucleus of the golden haz-, suddenly expanded into an oblong shape, like a huge rocks egg illuminated by art magic, the small end resting on the ground. . I should guess its diimin sions to be about eight feet in height,. and about three feet in its .greatest; breadth. I suddenly, became ,aware' of a thin black line in its centre, which, rapidly extended, .widening as it ran, upwards and downwards, till it assumed the- appearance of a black iron bar, in visibly suspended, in the midst of the egg, ayparentlyabout two feet and three quarters from its top, and about a foot tfron? the point. The outline of this pa rallelograu "-suddenly presented a wavy appearance, and gradually assumed the shape of the human, figure, the colour of of the superfices gradually turning from black to a light shade of grey. I could see distinctly a woman's form, and recog nised the well-known features of a parish oner who had deceased six months pre viously. The apparition looked life like, 'save for the uniform grey tint of the face and garments. My sensation at that particular moment was not of bodily fear, but was rather the, physical horror of a man suddenly smitten with colour- blindness. I experienced a feeling of relief as I perceived the dull ashen grey haliments slowly became the colour of such imaginary fabrics as one may see at the drapers' and silikmercers'. I per fectly remembered seeing Mrs. D - in the identical dressing-gown in which her spectre was now habited, when I visited her during her last illness. - I mention this- for a special reason. She seemed standing iin the midst of a lumin ous aurolea. The feeling of relief now gave way to that of my first sensation of horror. My human notions seemed to collapse before the presence of the dis embodied spirit. By a violent effort I unglued my tongue, and in the name of the ever blessed Trinity, commanded the spirit to say for what purpose it had ap peared to me. "To-morrow is Christmas Day," said the shade, in a voice I at once recognised. " My husband is going to spend the day at C--?" (naming a village in the vici nity). " If he goes, an accident will be fall him, which will cause his death. You must go to him early to-morrow morning. and prevent him." " You are aware that I have no in fluence with him, and it would be per fectly useless for me to have an inter view." " Tell him that I have appeared to you and commanded you to give him this message." "It will be futile; for Mr. D---- would simply disbelieve that you had appeared to me. But I will obey you, and deliver your warning to him." " I will give you credentials that he will at once recognise; and whether he heed my message or no, your reputation will not suffer. Draw nearer to me." I moved mechanically forwards, and stood about a foot from the phantom. She then stooped, as it were, from her aureola, and whispered in my ear. -What she told me shall never be uttered or written by me. Let it suffice, it referred to a circumstance the truth of which could only be known by her husband and herself. The apparition slowly faded into a colourless shape, which gradually as sumed that of the dark parellelogram, then of the thin black line, growing faint and fainter until it disappeared, and the aureol, was one mass of unbroken molten gold. Soon this began to fade in brilliancy, and to diminish in size. At the same time the luminous haze-atmo sphere which had surrrounded me, en tirely cleared off, and I saw nothing but the original " bull's eye" light, about the size of a five-shilling piece, which kept receding from me till it was lost among the pines and silver birch- trees. I tottered home in a state of complete nervous exhaustion, and fell rather than seated myself in one of the hall-chairs. On reaching the drawing- room, my wife, observing my ghastly appearance, asked me, in great alarm, if I were ill. I re plied I had been seized with a sudden faintness, a glass of brandy would revive me. It was brought to me, and I then felt sufficiently myself to speculate as to the length of time the " spiritual ex perience" had occupied. I saw by the time-piece I had only been absent from the room ten minutes; it seemed a period of some hours. On the following morning, immediately after our eight o'clock Christmas 'com munion, before returning home to break fast, Irepaired to the home of Mr. D--, whom I found at his hall door about to step into his dog-cart. Could I speak a few words to himn in private; I would not detain him five minutes ? We entered the comfortable break-fast room, seated ourselves by the comfort able fire of coals and wood, and I plunged in medias res : " I have rather a singular communica tion to make to you, but howcver strange, it is perfectly, true. The aparition of Mrs..D- appeared to me last night, and desired me to command you not go to C- to-day. ' If he goes,' she said,. 'an accident will befal him, which will cause his death. You must go to him earnily to-morrow morning and prevent him.' I.am here accordingly, and have delivered to lyou. your late wife's warning and request." S'.' Youd' ~inustlhave been dreaming, my good sir." ' "Iin mas crtain that I stoodface to face and talked with the spirit of Mrs. D--, on my lawin last night, as I am that I am now 'under your roof-tree and in your presence." I then related every circumstance in connexion with theapparition, except the mysterious words which were to be my credentials if all else failed. Mr. D - -was still, as I expected in credulous. He suddenly said " How .was the ghost dressed ?" I told him in a dressing gown of a par ticular fabric and pattern. " Very odd! it was- lying on the bed when she died, poor thing; but as you often visited her during her illness, you might have observed the pattern of the dressing gown." True.; certainly I had done so. ".But, ~Mr: D- , your late wife re quested me. to mention to you a ceritain matter which occurred on - " (- here stated the secret with which I had been entrusted). ' Npw it is perfectly impos sible for any human being except your wife and yourself to know whether this be so." "'Enough, sir. It is as she said. I .am perfectly convinced that the spirit of miy departed wife appeared to you, .and' commissioned you to deliver the message: I have just heard. I will noo go to C--."' _ L '_ . . 