OHLY A FACE. Only the lace of a woman ; Only a face — nothing more! But the memory of the sweet rision Comes "back to my heart o'er and o'er. Only a woman's soft eyes : \jl u\ aiuutL— Liiae Tracs au j A glance that I chanced to encounter, That still binds my whole being in thrall. I was sauntering slowly homewards one night, about half-past eleven, after having attended at the Adelphi Theatre, in common with my brethren of the Press, the first representation of a drama by a very papular author. Cigar in mouth, and in deep cogitation as to the sort of critique that the new piece deserved in the columns of the next day's Daily Tattler, I was startled by a hand being laid gently on my arm — just touching me ever so lightly, and no more. My eyes rested on the hand — gloyeless, but resembling a fairy siiowilake — then my gaze wandered further on towards its owner's face, and there it remained for a moment or so, spellbound. Big, soft eyes, with their iris as deeply violet as the petals of a heartsease, and with - their lids fringed with long curling lashes, looked depre- catingly into mine. Bright chestnut hair waved freely off a low white brow, surmounting a little Greek nose and a rosebud mouth, slightly open, showing a row of glistening teeth. , Only a face, nothing mere ; but the feee of a woman angel ! Who could she be ? I wondered to myself, this Titania, this embodiment of a poet's dream, this delicate apparition, this lonely waif — wandering in the evil London streets, side by side with unblushing effrontery and hideous flaunting vice. Hot one of that sisterhood, I divined at a glance, as she stood shyly beside me, and spoke in hesitating accents. " O sir, where is Charing-cross station ? I have lost my way, and it is very late !" " Charing-cross ! Why you must have passed it, I fancy." " Passed it ? But I was so frightened !" and she shot a furtive, nervous glance over her shoulder. Hot rag the suggestive movement, I too turned rouiia, ana saw max me poor cuna naa apparently Allien into the camp of the Philistines. Close behind us, eyeing the girl, stood a short thickset man, dark-browed, and with the promi nent features that appertain to the tribe of IsraeL Evidently nothing but a " roaring lion seeking whom he may devour," a vulture in pursuit of a dove. My resolution was taken at once. Looking at my watch, I said, " Where do you wish to go ?" " To Spa road." " Come along, then ; we have just time enough, I think, to catch the last train." And leaving the discomfited " Moses" jiani£, I walked quickly off with au angel — but an angel in a stuff dress and an unpretending straw bonnet —trudging along by my side. In a few minutes we were seated in a first-class carriage — its solitary occupants. The respectability of my exterior undoubtedly had its proper effect, for the rosy lips no longer trembled, and a reassured look reigned in the! pretty, violet eyes. » " How come you to be out so late all alone ?' I asked her gently, curbing, as well as I was able, any undue curiosity that was larking in my breast, and throwing as much deference into, my manner as though I was addressing the Grande Duchesse herself. I could see that it never even entered her brain to question any legitimate right of mine in putting the query. Lavater himself must have been a terrible im postor indeed, if guile, or any arriere pemee could have existed with that candid brow, that counte nance open as the day. " My father has been very ill, mid he was worse to- day," she replied at once, and the repressed- quiver of the childlike mouth, and the paixied expression mat nuxea. across iier tace, carried with them the conviction of her truth ; "and I went to call on a doctor in Brook street that we were told was the very best one we could consult 5 but I found he had gone out — to a e grand party' the tervaqt said — and after waiting three hours I , to come away, without seeing him." ' - / Some swell medico, T surmised: probably a fashionable " physician to the Queen," at whose palatial residence a' countess in ermine and velvet would be received by cringing powdered lacqueys bowing obsequiously to rank and fine plumage, whilst a gentlewoman, but a gentle woman habited in a russet gown, an unprotected girl seeking relief for a dying parent, was made to sit 'long hours in a comfortless hall, surrounded by xu.de hirelings. - a / " What is your father's ailment ? Perhaps J may kiiw 01 some skilful physician," I said; and then cariosity got the better of discretion, and with the willingness qf the fempter of &A; I added, What name shall I "Lister is the name. My father is an artist an excellenfcartisfc;" and her face brightened up into I perfect radiance as toe dilated on bis genius. I " MhnyjrfliiB paintingshave bbenin theExhibi. tion ; toot since he fdl ill he has not beea &ble; to devofe himself to his qrt at all, anfljre have no money; that is—" she interrupted heninlf hastily whilsKa deep flush sw /fivbr her!$|ibk-,«w are nyte so well oflas ire were, ;« e not ktosvinany peophpbtb?, motip'time is so mqphtaken up wito «tteimAng jni'ftiy fethe&tliaktoe; isnnablb to gOjy OUt &nd; see friends." ->>> v- a, -t O, how my heart bled for the child, as all un. consciously and artlessly she revealed in her innocent words the terrible poverty and anxiety that filled her home life ! By this time we had reached our destination, a .small jbut Sclean-looking house in Spa poad. S face looked hurriedly out of'a window as we rang the bell, and a woman's voice exclaimed, \- " It is Hefty at lart. thasilrGod ! w I clasped ber hand for a moment as I said good-bye, and slipped into it my card with u Mr. Mark Fleming, 4 Arundel street, Strand," neatly engraved upon it ; and then I had to charter a vehicle, for there were no. more trains that - night to take xae home and to bed, where I might dream of " only a fece." ; Three days slowly lagged on their course, crawling snail-like enough, as I vainly attempted to devote my attention to my usual avocations. During the whole of that time I was perpetually haunted by that face — Hellie's face ; for already, After the fashion of lovers, I had begun to call her Heilie to mi self. ; It did not in the least signify what subject I wrote on, or what interesting matter I studied, a vision stood ever beside me with violet eyes look ing pleadingly out of their great depths into mine. So extraordinary a change had feverish fancy wrought in my usually prosaic and some what matter-of-fact temperament, that my imagi nation became affected; and in moments of " temporary insanity," to use an exaggerated term, I caught myself actually listening, with a painful tension of the nerves of my organ of hear in«r -fnr o nf shipra irin(K whifli miff'nt.lwui m » LVh H UMVfcVI. V WW I fc J W V » WVM away my angel from me. I tried to argue sapiently with myself. " Mark Fleming," I said, " can it be possible that any amount of sense you flatter yourself you possess has been dispersed to the four winds at your mature age of thirty-five by only a face ? Nothing more ! The face, too, of a girl over whose bright head not more than half your years have rolled ? Cui bono 2 — this insane infatuation, this following of a will-o'-the-wisp. Marriage, that usual ultimatum and desideratum of feelings such as you are indulging in, would be simply a ridiculous mistake. May and December wedded together make but a sorry pair. Shake yourself up, Mark, aud don't be such an egregious fool! Descend from the regions of shadowy visions, return to earnest healthy life, and forget — what ? Only a face,' after all." Not so easy ; the spirit was willing, amenable to the mandates of reason; but the flesh was horribly, terribly weak. Like the anecdote of the old woman and the gin-palace, for three days I had manfully resisted putting myself in the way of temptation ; on the fourth, I was forced to treat resolution. I remembered the address of an old chum of mine, whom I knew to be on the top of the ladder in his profession; and at half-past three we were steaming away together towards Elysium, alias Spa-road. Many a sensational romance it had been my province to criticise and cut up, but none of them had ever approached one-millionth portion of hairbreath to the romance my own brain nsi woven in absurdity aud want of common sense; for although not a fop by any manner of means, the imperious demands of civilisation had en tailed on me, . in common with others of my sex, the necessity of looking occasionally into a mirror ; and I was fully aware that though I was not a dwarf or humpbacked, or marked with the smallpox, or even outragewusly unpleasant to the human eve. that Dame Nature had not been especially prelific in her gifts as to my personal appearance ; that, in fact, I was a long way off from, being an Adonis, or, on account of my attractions, an enfant gate of the feminine sex. Thirty -five, and not handsome ; what right had I, then, to think of Nellie even, unless in a purely paternal fashion ? And just as I had . arrived to this cheerful conclusion, my friend the doctor and I found ourselves on the top of tiie stairs of Nellie's house. . Reclining on a sofa that was drawn close up beside the window, with the summer light felling upon each feature, was Mr. Lister. Death was imprinted on his thin face. Consumption in it® deadliest form had singled him for its victim. One glance revealed that the case was utterly hopeless — that a few more months at farthest would find him calmly sleeping the long, long sleep from which there is no awakening. His eyes were closed, and his hand lay clasped in his wife's, who sat close beside him : a fragile care worn woman, with the remains of a loveliness that in youth must have surpassed the beauty that her daughter now possessed. The angel herself, in the neatest of cotton dresses, stood awaiting our enteance in the shy and graceful attitude of a gazelle. I sat there for half an hour, lifted out of the earth into heaven, receiving in a beatific dream the thanks of the parents for my kindness. I mechanically put my hat and gloves, and went through the ceremony of saying good-bye ; but still in a dream, with my eyes seeing nothing but a 0 fece," with Nellie herself filling the whole of ray poor foolish old heart, it was all up with me. I was madly ih love ! Only a woman's low voice, Breathing wards all lightly ami vain ; But .the musical sound of those tones k . . Sfcm liags ihrowgfc my seul aasi brain. Oaly a womaii aad bright smile life 'a red lips as I pass«<l : But the vision will never -desert me SoXmg- asioylifeehaBfart. What was the good of straggling with mystif f My love for Nellie was absjird, but ' hopeless, yet a painful joy to myself. Thee®® or twice a-week, that I went to Spa wese white days m the oalendar of my life. I wss sa limger bluff in ray speech, holiest in purpose Love had enticed me into a state of deceitful8 of which I was thoroughly ashamed ; and m1# I an hour was passed in finding pretexts or cob coding purely imaginary reasons for caHrag the Listers. Tfeevmiy salrelhadtomyyPI fol conscience was the' tight, of the invali d genuine enjoyment of the hothouse other comestibles that I in variably carried vrtW me to insure my pregenbfe be&g; acoepfe|L9|j m spite of tire .earnest, cordiality afternoon, on entering the little sitting-room, I was surprised to find a visitor whom I never met before — a tall young man, whose proportions were more strapping than elegant in my eyes ; but the dawn of jealousy probably made me survey him through a sort of yellow fog. " Mr. Fleming, Mr. Urling," in Mrs. Lister's gentle tones ; and I and my rival—for an instinc tive feeling told me he was Nellie's lover— were introduced to carii other ; Sud then I Sat myself &dWn; with an all " oterishness ' about me to analyse his defects. I did not like the young giant's looks : there was a derided boldness about his countenance which was positively repulsive to mc. Physically he was a fine animal, but with no thoroughbred points about Mm. There was a repellent familiarity in his address, too, that irritated me, and made me pugnaciously inclined towards the cane with a showy knob wMch he eggravatiugly " twiddled " rotind arid rtiiind in broad red hand. I was either de trop or else I bad the misfortune to be a wet blanket ; for conversation lagged terribly, and after a few minutes the gentleman made his adieux, accom panied to the door by my hostess. I remained sole monarch of all I surveyed for a wMle, hopiug that Nellie would put in an appear ance ; but not a bit of it — " hope " had only " told a flattering tale/' and when the door re- ttpemsd it Was to adniit Mrs. Lister. Nellie is out, Mr. Fleming ; very provoking, for she knew Mr. Urling might call, as it's Saturday, and the City offices close early. What do you think of him ?" And the good lady folded her hands quietly in her lap, and looked mo full in the face, as she placidly asked the question. And there I was, conscious that I was, at five-and-thirty years of age, blushing like a great awkward schoolboy, Who was being catechised Before a roomful of people. So Nellie had some thing in common with tMs handsome Goliath, or (/lev lll/l ilCuCllvv Ui u'vcvuvC v LL lllifl U jQiI MUUlw'X afternoon would scarcely have been a subject of pleasure or regret to her mother. But I had to repress the feelings that kept bubbliug up worse than any eruption of a volcamc mountain, and to say calmly; " I tMnk he is a very fiiie young man, ma'am." li Yes," she answered mildly, and a little dis connectedly, " a very fine young man — so good- looking, and in love with Nellie for two years. He is a son of Urling and Co. — at least of Urling himself — the great jewellers in Oxford street, you know ; retired of course. And a large fortune ; keep their own carriage in a nice place at Staines. Alfred is the eldest, and is in an 1 oil 5 business, likely to becoiiie a partner in £l few years. But Nellie, though I am her mother, and shouldn't say it, is a very good girl, but so strong-headed." Strong-headed ! what on earth did that mean ? Had Nellie determined for or against the match with the oily young man ? " If Miss Lister likes Mm, and he is eligible, why doesn't she marry him ?" "That's if — if she likes him; but she doesn't seem to know more than the babe unborn her own feelings. You see, Mr. Fleming, my husband's health is not very good, and I am not strong. It would be a comfort to us both to know Nellie had a good kind husband, who would take care of her if we were taken away. She has a great respect and liking for you." 0, how I winced at those words! They made me feel bo much as if I was her godfather " And if poll Woilld advise her to Marry Mr. TMiug, she might think seriously over it. Now, stay and have a cup of tea ; and when she comes in, I'll leave you to do your best." "Not to-day, Mrs. Lister; I have an unavoid able engagement, which can't be put off. I will eall again soon," I managed to stammer out, as I shuffled rather than walked out of the room. What a tumult raged in my breast as I wended my way back to town 1 I, who worshipped the Tery earth that toy darling trod on — I, to whom she was everything in the wide wide World — was t-o use my influence to drive her entirely out of My life into another's arms ! I could have yelled aloud at the preposterous notion of such a self- sacrifice. True, I dared not dream that she could ever be mine ; but why, in the name of all the Don Quixotes, should I, against my own interest, coerce her, and coax her to become another man's wife? The very thought of such an event roused up a thousand demons hammering and knocking within my soul, and plunged me into unutterable misery. But " after dark the light will come," as Boucicault tells us ; and the recollection that if "persuasion" was necessary to bring on the match, it was positive that there was no love in her heart for the suitor, pulled me up again from the slough of despond. After a fortnight I went again to the house. I was ushered into an empty room ; but presently Nellie came in. Her cheeks were flushed and her eyes -were heavy, and her lids swollen from re cently-shed tears. After shaking hands with Ine, instead of our customary chat, she turned away, a little brusquely, I fancied, and stood gazing out of the window. Now Spa road, though a charm ing spot in my enamoured fancy, had certainly no particular attractions iu the way of scenery or fashions ; so that I could only surmise that she wanted to avoid our inevitable tete-a-tete. My wounded feelings prompted me to a mali cious course of conversation ; of which, however, I was soon made to be ashamed, coming off a crest-fallen wretch, instead of a victor with flying colours. " Miss Lister," I said, going up to her, and putting on a highly jocular tone, and mustering up an extremely facetious expression on my physiognomy, whilst my heart was thumping and bumping up and down beneath my waistcoat with leviathan force, " your mother asked me to use my persuasive powers to induce you to reward Mr. Ur ling's attachment with your hand." And I took the little white palm in mine witli a G-randisonian grace that ought to have been com pletely overpowering : bxi it evidently missed its if O TTO TT Til ft \V 1 f.ll fl — j OUCtl'VilU J.V CfUUf , — strange vehemence in her manner, and with an angry flashing light in her violet orbs that gave quite a new phase to her beauty. As an angel ehe was perfect ; but the glimpse of devilry that sparkled momentarily in her een rendered her, if possible, doubly dangerous to my poor peace of mind. " So yon advise me to marry Mr. Urling, whom I not only dislike, but have a contempt for ! You think it no sin, then, to go to the altar with a lie upon your lips, and to promise to cling to a man whom you would prefer never to look upon at all! I thought better of you, Mr. Fleming— better of your judgment, better of your heart ; for I did fancy that you had some little feeling for me, a little friendsMp at any rate." And she burst out crying. What was to become of me ? A dozen tongues seemed struggling within me for speech : a million tongues could never have uttered all my love, all my adoration for her. But something kept me Bilent Afterwards I knew what that " some- ttong was— the horrible fear of certainty , if that certainty was antagonistic to my happiness. And so I stood stock-still, appearing probably in her eyes as interesting as a block of ice or a senseless log of wood. Regaining her composure by an effort, she resumed i " Well, Mr. Fleming, I Cannot blame you for doing what mamiha asked you ; I itiill try and like Mr. Urling ; and perhaps I shall succeed — who knows ?" she said, with a bitter little smile upon her lip. " And the next time you call you may have to congratulate me. But I must go now, and I will send mamma to thank you better than I can do. Good-bye, Mr. Fleming." And just touching the tips of my cold fingers, she glided out of the room. I followed her down the stairs, then noiselessly let myself o'iit of thb hdilsb: . # For some weeks I persisted in ihy diur nai Wort ; but my brain kept throbbing, and there was a strange singing in my ears ; and lassitude crept over me, and appetite went away. Then one morning, as I sat listlessly in my arm-chair, my buxom landlady came in, dropping her curtsey, and desiring her matutinal chat. " Lord, sir !" — she had been staring hard at my visage for a few minutes with more curiosity thari politeness—" Why, I do believe as how you are going to be very ill ! I never s&w; dnybtfdy look so unearthly-like in all my born days. And you never eat anything now, Mr. Fleming ; not if I do your bacon myself, and send it up nice and brown to turn ; no, here it is, sir, untouched !" she exclaimed in a plaintive tone, whose pathos, little inclined as I was for mirth, tickled my risible faculties. " Nevermind about my appetite, Mrs.- Robson; I am all right enough. I want yo'u.to put these flowers and fruit into a basket, and dispatch theih ac once to mrs. jjister, mary vine - cottage, spa foad." " Of course I will, sir, directly. And now do go and lie down quietly ; you look as white as your own ghost, and are no more fit to be worrit- ting over those newspaper articles than the shoe black at the cornef." I took the good woman's advice and went to bed, feeling that it was useless to attempt work. My head was aching as if the " Anvil Chorus " of the " Trovatore" was being performed upon it, and my limbs felt as though I had been stretched upon the rack in the chamber of Inquisition for ninety-nine days. That night I became insensible; for several long days, they told irte aftCrWards ; &nd; then I began to toss about in delirium, raving madly and incessantly. It was one evening (shall I ever forget it ?) about seven o'clock. The summer had not yet gone by, and the last lingering beams of the sun fell through my window upon my room. The pain in the head was gone,- leaving a dull numb ness behind ; and my strength was no greater than a child's. The weight was still on my heart, though I could barely realise its Cause; So utterly prostrate I felt. Silence reigned around ; and wearily reclosing tbe lids I had scarcely opened, I turned on my pillow. Then a soft cool hand was passed gently over my hot forehead, and a fragrant breath swept over me. Who Could she be? I wondered. Not a hireling surciy, with so kiild dud light a touch. I opened my eyes wide and looked Up, aiid saw — only a face ! but hers — Nellie's ! What could it all mean ? Was I dead, aud had my angel come to hear me to heaven ? " Are you going to be married ?" I exclaimed feverishly, with the blood flaming up in my face, and my pulse galloping " No, Mark, no — unless it is to you !" and she put her two arms round my neck and softly kissed my cheek. And then she added shyly : " Mrs. Robson came and told me how ill you were, and that your poor Weak voice was always calling Nellie ! Nellie ! So mamma arid I came to nurse you by turns. You have said often enough in your ravings how much you love me, dear. Say it again, now that you have regained your senses, and I shall be the happiest girl on earth !" O, could it be true ? Yes, I felt it was, as with the little strength that was left me I drew her passionately to my breast. As I am writing tMs manuscript, my wife is peeping over my shoulder. I look up, and see — " only a face," but the face of a woman angel !— From Tinslefs Magazine for March. 