BLACKWOOD. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) I SUPPOSE that this letter is what the shoemaker killed his wife with, "the last;" I mean the last letter that I shall write to the Express as your Blackwood correspondent. I must frankly confess that when I wrote a letter to you, which appeared in the Express of 24th April, 1869, I had not the slightest idea that I should be invited to become your authorised Blackwood correspondent, and it was only after considerable persuasion and with great reluctance that I consented to act. Since I have been your correspondent, I have floundered along as well as my abilities allowed me, and I must honestly confess that the greatest difficulty I have had to contend with as a correspondent was how to write and tell the truth so as it would not offend people. Some things which I have written have given offence, and some things I have written have pleased some people wonder- fully. This is not to be wondered at, as there are generally two sides of a question, and often both sides think they are in the right. Some charitable persons give me credit for being a born fool, and others give me credit for being a natural genius; so you see, Mr. Editor, there is no accounting for tastes. I do not know that I have any particular compunction for anything I have written; but some things I have written, had I them to write again, I might perhaps modify a little. The only thing worth glancing at that I came in for a drilling for writing was a few strictures or observations in reference to Barry's Reef men and the Gisborne road. At that time I thought it was unfair of Barry's Reef men to have stood aloof all the time that the agitation was going on for the Gisborne road, and then just at the last epoch to step in and say it shall not be. Hence my observations, and although they were perhaps rather severe, they were made more in a jocular mood than as throwing odium on the principal agitators of the opposition movement. In justice to the gentlemen referred to, I now absolve them from having any motives further than for the public good of Barry's Reef. Mr. Shaw and Mr. Hausmann have always wrought well for Barry's Reef as public men. Mr. W. Noble I will give credit for being as unoffending and honest a man as is on Blackwood. Mr. M'Carthy, Mr. Browne, and Mr. Jones, I give them credit for having good intentions and being honest men. I am not aware that I have given offence to any other persons undeservedly, but as I may unwittingly have done so, to them and to all I may have offended undeservedly I now tender my most sincere apology; and if they are not content with this, they can let me know where to meet them, and I shall allow them to give me a jolly good thrashing if they can, but I make this proviso, that I only take one at a time. I have only had one brush with a mining manager, and however ungenerous he might have thought me at the time, he must now be tho- roughly convinced that I had the right side of the battle at the time. I have been threatened with two actions of damages for libel, and I had it intimated to me through a certain channel that a certain individual was either to make my head touch the stones, or give me a chance to make his head do so. But all these threats have ended in smoke, and I think at the present time I am nearly at peace with all the world. I have to give my very best thanks to all the managers of companies and to all other persons who have supplied me from time to time with information that has enabled me to keep up my correspon- dence, and I trust they will accord to my suc- cessor such information as will make the Express a favourite and acceptable local paper to all its readers on Blackwood and elsewhere. I embrace this opportunity to state that as my letters have appeared week after week in your journal, I have been amused and sometimes, annoyed at some individuals on Blackwood who have been chari- table enough to say that I never wrote the letters without help that were accredited to me in your Blackwood correspondence column; that some other person or persons wrote them, as they were above my capacity. For the information of my detractors, I may let them know that no man or woman, either in or out of my dwelling on Black wood, ever wrote, altered, suggested, or put a single scratch or syllable on any letter headed " Blackwood, from our own correspondent," that has appeared in the Express for nearly the past twelve months but one which was not acknow- ledged, and that was the presentation of a watch to Mr. Cassidy at Yankee Reef, which was from notes from Mr. Long. A paragraph from Mr. Hansen medals, a report on the Cosmo from Mr. Stobie, and a small note from the manager of the Great Extended, that is the sum total that appeared in my letters that I did not write; and I almost forgot two paragraphs from the editor of about four or six lines each, all the rest was the production of my own pen and brain. And so my letters, whether creditable or discreditable, are exclusively my own, and most of the manuscript which reached your office from me, eyes more than my own never saw; so if there were any correc- tions made in my letters they were made by yourself or printer, and they I believe, so far as composition and phraseology are concerned, on comparing with the paper would be found to be very few indeed. I shall now take a rapid glance at some of our mines that I have treated of in my correspon- dence. The Union and Clunes and Blackwood are apparently complete failures, but so far as the mines have been tested the company's non success cannot be attributed to them, as the crushing of a thousand tons of quartz out of a reef where there is probably millions of tons cannot be regarded in any other light than as a mere bagatelle. The Trojan on the same line, though still working, looks queer, but it and the companies alluded to may yet turn out good paying mines. Perhaps, as the Couricr put it the other day, when the Ali Baba forty thieves are scalded and got rid of the Yankee reef line may flourish The Sultan speaks for itself, and should the next stoop of quartz prove as rich, and the quartz on the course of the reef extend in the next level in proportion as it has done from the surface, it will go far towards restoring confidence in the stability and permanency of our Blackwood reefs. The Star of the West is the next out of all the great companies that is likely to be a dividend mine, and had it not been for the vast amount of paid-up interests not representing actual capital invested, it would have been a first-class dividend mine ere this; as it is, it is expected to be a dividend mine shortly. The Extended Great Tunnel bids fair to become a dividend mine, and the success of that company would not only be the salvation of Golden Point, but it would also exercise a wonderful influence on all the mining scrip of Blackwood companies. The True Blue, with a powerful battery, would take its place very soon as a dividend mine, and be second to none in the district. The Faugh-a-Ballagh has been wrought and smothered to death by a lot of company floaters and company smashers, but I believe it will yet out an important figure as one of our gold-producing and dividend mines. All other mines which I Ihave spoken of in my corres- spondence are in a kind of state to be either ready to collapse or turn out good paying mines. Take things all through as they are at present on Blackwood, they are in a very shaky and unsettled state, and my humble opinion is that it will take two or three years to put them on a proper and sound basis. I have no doubt in my own mind that should I live to be threescore and ten (28 years longer), and long after my head is in the dust, there will be quartz reef companies and a population on Blackwood of quartz reef miners in excess of what there is at the present time. In last week's Express I omitted to notice the departing groans of John Frederick Hansen in reference to your correspondent and the Mining Board, and I should not have done so in this letter only that Mr. Hansen makes statements that are at variance with truth; besides, these being my departing groans so far as concerns the Mining Board, I think it will be well to let them go in company with Mr. Hansen's to posterity. Speaking of an election meeting, Mr. Hansen said:--" Your correspondent was also a candidate for election, and was the first to open the cam paign by holdings public meetings. I was present at his meeting at the Mechanics' Institute, and when he was in the act of stepping from the platform I congratulated him on not having been embarrassed by any question, In the course of conversation he stated that he was sure of being returned, as there was no opposition at that as well as at a previous meeting held by him at Barry's Reef. I was then and there requested by the gentleman alluded to, as well as by himself, to give a candid opinion of what I thought of his address. This I gave in a few words, to the following effect--that I had listened to the most absurd address that I had ever heard in my life." His first statesnent is perfectly true, his second has hardly a ghost of truth in it, and his third is a delusion of his brain,. The remark I made to Mr. Hansen was this--that if meetings were anything to go by, so far as the Barry's Reef and Mechanics' meetings were concerned, I was already elected, as they had been both extremely favourable. As for a person in my presence, or myself, asking Mr. Hansen for his candid opinion on my address, such statement is a fabrication, as no person in my presence, nor did I myself, ask or want Mr. Hansen's candid opinion. These are Mr. Hansen's statements and mine, and your readers can just believe which of them they like, and I can assure them my peace of mind will be very little disturbed whichever way they believe, should even their "candid" belief be against me, and so I shall Let scoffers scoff, and Hansen rave, At my address and all my blunders; I'll outlive them, and no help crave, Nor care for them nor Hansen's thunders. Mr. Rogers's Imperial shaft is now 240 feet deep, or 150 feet below the Achilles level. A drive has been put along at the 240 feet level, and the reef shows well along the whole course of the 40 feet driven; 20 feet of the distance the reef averages 6 feet thick, and is expected to go 1 oz. to the ton. The rest of the distance is intersected with sandstone, and is not expected to yield so much. The battery was started to crush one day last week, but had to stop for want of water. Another start was made on Tuesday evening, but if some rain does not come soon, operations will be again suspended. Up to the time of closing my letter, nothing definite has been come to in regard to the strike at Barry's Reef, The men seem to be determined to stand out, and some of the large companies are equally determined not to give more than £2 2s., and it is reported that operations at some of the principal mines will be totally suspended. Should work not be resumed shortly, the consequences will be serious for Blackwood. The Star of the West keep constantly at work, and it is reported that they have two years' employment at the same rate of crushing above tunnel level. The erection of additional blanket tables, copper plates, and stampers, is expected to be begun shortly. The heavy framing was put up for the five additional stampers about to be erected when the other machinery was put up. Everything goes on rapidly in connection with the Extended shaft engine. Pumps are being fixed, and the poppet-heads are up. I see per last week's Express that you advertise for fossil specimens. Perhaps it will be new to some of your readers to let them know that at the time of the hon. J. T. Smith's visit to Blackwood, when Mr. Brough Smyth accompanied him, your correspondent showed Mr. Smyth a gold and quartz specimen, and the Italian Consul enquiring of Mr. Smyth where some specimens could be purchased, he recommended him to try to procure the specimen referred to. Negotiations through Mr. Cairns were begun, and the specimen pur- chased for £11 5s., and the same is to be for- warded to be preserved in the Museum at Florence. It weighed 3 ozs, 19 dwts. 12 grs., and is supposed to contain little if any less than 3 ozs. pure gold. It is a very handsome one, and was found on Blackwood while searching for alluvial gold some twelve months since. A dramatic entertainment is to take place on Monday evening, at Shaw's Commercial Hotel, Barry's Reef, in aid of the Blackwood Accident Relief Fund. The Governor in Council has by Order in Council made on 7th March, appointed the road hereinafter mentioned to be a main road, in compliance with application made in accordance with the 292nd section of the Shires Statute, viz.: \--The road extending from Martin-street, Red Hill, to Barry's Reef, Blackwood, within the Shire of Ballan. 