LADY MACNAMAEA'S STOEY. (FBOM ' ALL TBS YEAB BOUND.') It was eigbt-and-tbirty years ago, and T had been married some five or six years, when I went to live at Manorbere Lodge. The ship in which my husband had been first-lieutenant had been paid off. He had got his rank as com mander, but had no immediate prospect of em ployment afloat, so his mind naturally turned to the occupation he loved best, next to his profes sion — fox-hunting ; a passion for which sport came to him by nature, as the second son of a Lincolnshire squire. His younger-son's portion with my dowry and his nay, though altogether making up a comfortable income, wonld not suffice for that very expensive amusement uo lese we could find a house in a good situation at a moderate rent ; and we were looking for Bucb a houBe, when one day Diok came in, radiant with expectation, to tell me he bad heard of one beyond the dreams of avarioe, or rather of economy. It was in the heart of the shires, within easy reach of three first-rate jpaokg, had capital stabling, and was all to be let by the year at a fabulously low rental. It is a maxim with me, that nothing is to be had for less than its value, so I was not quite so sanguine as Dick ; but I agreed with him in thinking it worth while that heshould run down and look at the place. He went and came back delighted. He had spared no psias to find out what then could be ?miss with the house, but had come to the con clusion that it was almost faultless. Indeed it seemed to him such a prize that he had {eared to lose it by delay, and had taken it at onoe for a year certain. ' I am sure you will like it, my love ' he said. ' It is an old house, a great deal larger and handsomer than we want, but that does not matter.' I was quite content DO that he pleased himself, and a few days saw us Settled at Manorbere. I found the place all that Dick had said it was. The house as it now stood had apparently been only a wing of the ancient mansion. Fart I of the principal building had been completely ? pulled down, but for some reason or other a ? portion abutting upon the present house had J been left standing, and was oonverted, the '' lower part into a oart-house, and the first-floor into a place for carpenter's work, lumber, and so forth. On the ground-floor the communica tion had been walled up, where a door had for merly opened opon at passage running nearly the length of the present house. A similar corridor ran along the first-floor, and here the disused part of the bouse was divided from the dwelling only by a strong oaken door, heavily barred and bolted. A staircase led up from the ground-floor to this end of the corridor ; but it was seldom used, as we inhabited the rooms at the other extremity, and the servants' cham bers were reached also by a different stair. The door itself looked as if it could resist every thing exoept treachery in the garrison, and even a traitor would have had some difficulty in removing the defences, so rusted ware they in their places. There was nothing at all gloomy about the bouse. The rooms were large and light, with the, ample windows oharaoUristio of English bouses ersoted before the imposition of the window-tax gave oat builders their present tra ditions. The principal sitting-room was a very large one on the ground-floor, looking nearly south, and catching all the sunshine in its bay windows. These opened on a raised terrace, beneath which was a pretty flower-garden, and there was a paddock with fine trees beyond. The stables were of much later date than the house, and were excellent. Of course we soon made acquaintance with our neighbours, and the assemblies to we the hounds throw off on a fine morning wen very pleasant and sociable. We had no close car nage, and our house was at a considerable dis tance from any visitable families, so at first we declined all dinner invitations. But that sort of thing never goes on long when those con cerned are still young, cheerful, and sociable, and very soon we got into the way of going fre quently to dine and sleep at our neighbours' places. At the very first of these dinner parties, the truth came out about Manorbere. 'It is very nioe having you and Captain Macnamara at Manorbere, 'said a certain lively Mrs. Brodriok to me, when we ladies went to the drawing-room after dinner. ' I do so hate having a house shut up ; and, indeed, there was a talk last year of its being pulled down, sinoe nobody would take it' 'But why would nobody take it t I think it so charming,' said L 'Well, perhaps it is foolish j but you know a great many people really do not like living in a house that has such a name.' ' A name for what f ' Being haunted T' ' Haunted 1' ??Good uraciousl did you not know about the ghost f I burst out laughing. ' So that is the reason of out getting it so cheap J I am really very much obliged to the ghost' ' How odd that you should not have heard of it I But I am so sorry I mentioned it You are bo much alone there. I hope it won't make you uncomfortable,' 'Thank you; it only makes me laugh. But do tell me the story of the bouse.' 'Hush I' said another lady, 'don't talk about it now. Here oomes Mrs. Dormer,' (our hostess), 'and she never quite likes the subject. ' My curiosity, however, being roused, I begged Mrs. Brodrick the first time an opportunity offered for * tete-a-tete to give me particnlari an to our tiers- parti at Manorbere. And this is the substance of her narrative : — The last family that had lived in the house wss that of Colonel Fearon, a widower with three daughters. They wen a vtry pleasant cheerful set ; hospitable as far as their means, which wen not very large, would allow ; and ready to promote or to join in anything that was proposed in the way of social amusement But, unfortunately, a few mouths after their ?nival the colonel got a bad fall out hunting, and became for a tune aoonfinned invalid. He recovered ultimately, but at that period it was feared that he would never tie himself again. His neirous system wss so affected by the blow U had rwive.1 on the spine, that he could bear hardlyany noise or company, and he was so weak as to be reduoed to a wheel-chair in which to take air and exercise. The family had se lected for their own occupation the same set of rooms we had chosen for ourselves at the oppo site end of the corridor from the condemned room, and the rooms near to it were reserved for guests. The hitherto gay and lively house had, however, for tome time, become quite ohanged in character, the girls giving np all society at home aaoomplMoiogly, for their ftther's sake. Eleanor, the eldait, thought, h we ver, after a time, that it was a pity ner young sisters, Effie and Lucy, should be As parrel from taking part in the gaieties suited to their sge whioh were going on during the ' winter ; so the girls took it in turn to go out i two and two together, some neighbouring I matron being always ready to aot as chaperon ' when they joined her at the ball or soiree. On one of these occasions two young friends who had come to the same party from some distance on the other side of Manorbere, bad been offered a night's lodging at the latter place to save j them the long winter drive after midnight, and also that they might accompany the Fearons to a ball on the ensuing evening. Though it was not very late when the girls returned home, the invalid had retired to rest, and Eleanor was ready to follow his example, when she heard her sisters and their friends coming up-Btairs, and went out in her dressing- gown to meet them, and see that they had aU things com fortable in their rooms. The girls were in high spirits, and, though subduing their voices lest they should waken their father, Eleanor feared that some incautious laugh or exclamation might disturb him ; so enjoining silence by a gesture, she led the way to the chamber at the further end of the corridor which had been pre pared for her guests, stirred the fire into a bright blaze, lighted the candles, and told them now they might laugh and chatter their fill. The young folks did not hesitate to avail them selves of the permission, and hung over the tire discussing the party of that evening, and the prospects of the morrow's ball, till Eleanor de clared she muBt take her sisters away, or they would talk all night She had twice risen with this intention without getting them to follow her, and was now standing with the door half open in her hand waiting for them, when they saw her suddenly put her finger on her lips, and peep cautiously out ; then she set down her candle, and stepped eoftly into the passage. The others ceased talking in a minute, and looked inquiringly towards her. ' What is it, Eleanor T whinnered Lucy, coming to the door. ' The most extraordinary thing 1 I thought I beard the door open.' ' What door ?' said Erne. ' Why the great barred door.' ' My dear Nellie, you must be dreaming. It is time we went to bed, indeed ;' said Eme, laughing, and taking up her candle. Eleanor took hen also, but instead of returning to her room, walked straight up to the door and ex amined it closely, followed by Luoy, who looked at her in smiling wonder. ' Are you satisfied, dear?' Baid she, pointing to the cobwebs which in many places stretched across from the door to its linteL ' Yes, I must have been mistaken. But it is very odd I' 'What did you hear, Nellie?' eagerly asked the others, coming to their room door. 'The first time I signed to you to be Bilent, I thought I beard footsteps coming gently and cautiously up the stair, and fancied it was one of the maids. They know 1 do nol allow them to sit up so late, and I waited to Bee who it was, stealing up this way where they have no business. But instead of passing by this room, the footsteps seemed to stop at the top of the stairs, and then the door turned slowly on its bulges.' ' Did you tee it 1' asked Luoy. ' Oh I no. It only sounded so.' ' The wind, or something.' 'Perhaps. Now do go to bed, ohildren.' And they all separated. The next evening one of their visitors, Isabel Murray, being rather tired, declined to go to the ball, and said she would prefer staying to keep company with Luoy, whose turn it was to remain with her father. After he had gone to bed, the two girls became so absorbed in a game of chess that the time slipped away un observed, and they then bethought them of sitting up for their sisters, to give them what is called in Ireland, ' a raking pot of tea' on their return. The bright idea was immediately carried out The tea-things were set in the guest-chamber, the fire was made up, the maids were sent to bed, and the girls, after partially undressing, met together in their dressing gowns to enjoy the vigil. They bad brought up their chess-board and books, but presently agreed that if they took a nap they would be all the fresher by-and- bye ; so curling themselves up on a sofa they were soon asleep. Perfect silence reigned throughout the house, and in the room nothing was heard but the soft breath ing of the sleepers. Suddenly and simultan eously both awoke and sat up ; Lucy's little dog at the same time starting from bis slumbers and pricking his ears. ' Is it the carriage ?' said Isabel Murray. 'I don't know. Something woke me, but I can't tell what Yes, it must be,' continued Lucy, as the dog went sniffing to the door, and she opened it and looked out ' I hear foot steps, but there is no light How quietly they have come in !' Just then Pincber, whohad run out when the door was opened, came cowering back with drooping tail, and at the same moment came the grating sound of a door turning on rusty hinges, and then quietly closed. Isabel sprang to Lucy's side, and, softly closing all but a chink of the door, stood listening. Nothing more was heard. The girls looked at each other, and drew a Ions breath. 'There's something wrong here, Lucy,' said Isabel. Luoy quickly shut the door, and bolted it 'Qhl Isabel, I am so frightened 1 Only think if anybody can get in hen in the dead of the night 1 We may all be murdered 1' ' We must tell Eleanor, and, of course, it must be looked to. But the strange thing is, that the door seems as if it had not been opened for a century.' 'Oh, dear, that's nothing. These people an up to all sorts of tricks ? ' ' What nennle f ' Why housebreakers and burglars !' 'I don't think it can be a burglar,' said Isabel,' as he has been here already, and no thing apjieara to have been stolen. Perhaps one of the maids has * follower whom she lets in by stealth. What is then on the other side of that door?' 'I don't know. Oh yes, 1 do I A sort of lumber-room and carpenter's workroom.' ' We ought to go to-morrow, and examine it on that side. I do not think there is any danger for to-night as the intruder, whoever be be, seems to have departed. What's become of Pinoher? Did you shut him out !' On fT«Tnin»ti*m the dog was found under the bed, pressed closely against the wall, and trem bling all over. Luoy had some difficulty in coaxing him out, and even when she had got him in her arms her caresses failed to restore him to his usual spirits. ' Is he ill, poor fel low r asked Isabel. 'Only frightened, I think; but be is ususUy so courageous! I cannot understand it You mar be sure be has seen some one who has ter rified him somehow. I wish the others wen some home 1' After this the raking pot of tea was not so jovial an affair as they bad intended. The two watchers had not quite got over their alarm, and the others heard their account with anxiety and uneasiness. Eleanor agreed that the first thing to do was to scrutinise both sides of the door, but cautioned them all to keep entire silence on the sabject^meantime. The next day they made their investigation of the carpenter ? workroom, which was entered by an outside wooden stair. Eleanor nude the pretence or wanting a piece of old seasoned wood for a drawing-board, which gave them an excuse for poking about unsuspected. Not only wen the door and all its adjuncts as rusty and oobweb-tanestried hen as on the inside i but they found heaped against it a quantity of wood which had been cut up for making new hurdles. ' They might be put there only for a blind,' Isabel suggested in a whisper ; so the astute Eleanor put a leading question immediately. 'Have you n»t been a long lime about those hurdles, Jones t 'Well, ma'am, the hurdles is ready, and has been any time these three weeks, ft ain't my fault they bean't put up long ago, and I'd be cUdtocet 'em out of my way lumbenn' hore. ferhap. you'd speak about it T' Eleanor promised to do so, and remarking that her father'* illness had caused some neglect of outdoor work, gave directions about her bowd, and withdrew. . 'No ligbt thrown open the mystery ye1, ' ,h. observed, » tt»y walked away. 'frbat door cannot have been opened for years, I am Dositive.' The Murrays wen to leave the lodge hsxtday 'I «h»11 mova into tl»t room to morrow. When the servants know one of the j family is dose by, they will hardly dan to carry on any clandestine «»-**|iig. ' But that's no good,' said Lucy j «? »f it is one of the servants the man will be let in Ate where Dear Nellie, do get to the bottom of it. lam sun if you do not, I never nan feel that we am safe far a single night' 'Us child, itls not proved that anybody dia come in. Onth«ocatr«rv,itaeem«iinno«iUe,' ' - « ' We will watch to-night, anyhow,' said Effie. When night came, however, Eleanor desired her sisters would go to their own rooms, as she thought so many of them together could hardly ? keep quiet enough to avoid giving some warn ing to the mysterious visitor. She also begged the Murrays to go to bed as soon as they were ready ; and they had done so, though they could not sleep. And now, in tbe dead of the . night, she sat in their room, tbe candle closely shaded and the door ajar, breathlessly awaiting she knew not what. She bad, without sayiug anything about it, brought with her one of ber father's pistolB. The fire burned low and red, and everything was profoundly still, when the ominous creaking struck on their terrified ears. Eleanor quickly seized her candle and ran into the passage, followed by the other two, who had instantly sprung out of bed. Footsteps were distinctly audible descending the Btairs. ' Who is there ?' demanded Eleanor. 'An- swer, or 1 shall fire 1' No voice replied. They held their candles over the balustrade, [but no one was to be seen. At the same moment Lucy darted from her room, and came down the cor ridor to join the group. 'Is it broken?' said she, hurriedly. 'Broken ! What ?' Lucy ran past them to the stairs, bidding them follow. ' Look here,' said Bhe showing them a thread, the two ends of which lay across the stair. ' I tied tbiB to-night to tbe balustrade, and fastened it into the wall at the opposite side. You see it is broken in two.' 'My child,' said Eleanor, ' a cotton thread might easily Bnap, merely from being stretched too tight. That is no proof of any one having passed by. Indeed., I am certain nobody did, for I was out on this landing before he could by any possibility have got downstairs, and I must have seen him.' ' How brave you are Eleanor!' said Isabel, glancing at the pistol, aud thence to her calm face ; and shivering with fear and cold she crept back to the bed with her sister. As she care fully bolted her door inside, Bhe could not re press an exolamation of thanksgiving that this was to be their last night in that dangerous house. Eleanor now declared her conviction that the mysterious noises were produced by some occult vibration or echo, as is not uncommonly the case in old bouses, and that they had nothing alarming in them. Luoy, however, could not be persuaded. Though she did not openly assert her incredulity, she ventured by herself to the terrible Bpot next night when all had re tired, and tied a pack-thread firmly to the balustrade, fastening it with a tack to the oppo site wall. Waking in the morning almost as soon as it was light, she immediately ran to look at her trap, and hurried back to Eleanor with the intelligence that the pack-thread was broken. 'How those stairs creak at the end of the passage !' said Eleanor to her maid, as she was dressinn her hair that morning. She had chosen that moment because from the posi tion Mrs. VV'ilkiuB then occupied bebiud the chair, her mUtress could watcb the expression of her countenance in the looking-glass. ' I heard them creaking quite loudly under some body's footsteps after 1 came up to bed last night. I can't think what took anyone that way.' ' None does gu that way, never;' said Mrs. Wilkins. emphatically. ' It is not the proper way, certainly, as there is the back-stair lroiu the offices. But 1 hare heard persons going up or down, while the Miss Murray* were here.' ' I'll undertake to say you were mistaken, ma'am. Not a servant in the house would go up or down them stairs after dark. Not for a thousand pounds, ma'am.' ' What do you mean, Wilkins ?' ' I mean, ma'am, as they has a bad name. Them's the parts that's haunted.' ' Haunted ! Rubbish. Who put that into your head?' ' You may call it rubbish, Miss Fearon,' said Wilkins, resentfully ; ' but words can't alter things. Them stairs is haunted ; and all that knows about the place will tell you as good ; Sarah, as lived here with a former family, she knows. But sbe don't mind, because she says the ghost never did no harm as long as it warn't interfered with.' ' I thought yon had more sense, Wilkins,' was all Eleanor replied, as she left the room to go down to breakfast, me tnuugiji, nuwever, did come across ber that this Btory had |ierhaps been impressed on the the minds of tbe other servants by Sarahs, in order to keep the coast clear for any operations Bhe might wish to carry on under the rose. What these could be, Eleanor could not divine, but she did not feel altogether comfortable. A vague feeling of suspicion and took possession of her, and, with that subtle infection which some attribute to animal magnetism, her uneasiness seemed gradu ally to spread through the whole family : the MUnQl nUnn Mtmuntnff unaffected bv it Her sisters became silent aud abstracted, as if always on the watch. The maids went about in pairs, and were found holding whispered colloquies behind doors. The butler, under pretence or black-beetles in the pantry, 'which he could not abide no how,' got permission to remove his sleeping quarters into closer prox imity with the footman. At last, Eleonor felt it necessary , unwilling as she was to annoy him, to speak to her father on the subject Her fears of any ill- effeot upon him were soon set at rest The colonel's nervous malady was purely physical, and the old habits of ready decision and action reasserted their force when called upon. He listened to bis daughter's statement with attention, questioned her carefully, and oame to the conclusion tint a tnorougu investi gation must be made. Without further loss of time, he wrote to tbe inspector of pjlioe for the distriot requesting bira to call privately at Manorbere Lodge as soon as he could ; aud desired that in the meantime tbe subject should be entirely dropped, so that the nocturnal in truder should not be pat on his guard. The inspector soon made his appearance, causing himself to be announced as the builder from Barton, come to see about certain repairs ; in this character he was able to go over every portion of the house after holding a consulta tion with the colonel aud the ladies. Before be left, it was settled that two constables should be sent to pass the sight at the Lodge, unknown to the servants. They were to be let in by Was Fearon, at a door opening from the ter race to one of the sitting rooms, after the bonse bad been dosed for the night. This was easily effeoted ; and the men, with dark lanterns were stationed one at the foot of the stairs, the other on tbe landing half way up. They had been hen in perfect silence and darkness nearly an hour, when the sound of a heavy door orating on rusty hinges, made tbe one on the landing grasp his truncheon and hold bis lantern in rea diness. Footsteps came softly down the stairs, and something seemed to brush by. He struck at it as it passed, and at the same time turned on his light, calling, ' Look out below, mate !' Nothing was visible. There was a low moaniug cry as he struck the blow, but he felt no resis tance. The man at the foot of the stairs heard the sound, quickly turned his lantern on in that direction, and rushed down the passage as if in pursuit followed by the other at full speed. The nuise roused some of the household, who, when they had summoned courage to appear, were confounded on finding themselves met by guardians instead of disturbers oC the peace. The two policemen were utterly puzzled. Both had distinctly heard the great door open, and tbe descending (outsteps, ss well as the low cry, like the cry of come one in fear or pain. Each had felt something flit by, but both described it as more like a cold blast of wind than any bodily thing. They bad both run to try and prevent its esoape, but on reaching the end or the passago, where it was crossed by another in tbe form or a I, nothing was to be seen. They were quite certain that no door had been opened on either side, and this part of the house terminated in the cross passage, the only access to the principal sitting- rooms and vettible being through a passage room, or the kitchen, which waa built out Both these doors of cunmuuioation wen always locked at night, and wen now fast The rooms were ex amined, but no traces of any invader wen per ceptible in either. While this was going on be low, Eleanor,, who bad »at up in her lather'* room, had, at the first sound of any movement gone at once to the bedrooms occupied by the maids, everyone one of whom, including the suspected Sarah, she found quietly asleep. Alter this signal failure on the part of the po lice, the ghost became an established fact, and the place became uninhabitable. Servant after servant gt\ve warning ; Mrs. Wilkins became hysterical j tbe cook took to drinking—' her spirit* waa that low,' she said in excuse j and exoept tile stoical Sarah, who ' never knowed the ghost' to do no harm as long a« it waa let alone,' everybody Wai more, or less unnerved, A few weeks after these occurrences the ; colonel's medical attendant having advised hiB j trying some new galvanic treatment; tbe family had to move up to town. Eflie and Lucy were glad enough to go, both sharing, to a. certain de gree, in tbe alarm felt by tbe servants, though each in her different way. Eflie inclined to the Bupcniatural view, while Lucy held fast to ber burglarious theory, for, Bhe said, ' How could a ghost an immaterial being, break her thread and string f ' It was now late in the spring, and most of the neighbouring familieB had lett the country : so the Kearous had not many adieux to make, except among tbe poor people with whom tboy held relations, Mauorboru being removed from closely inhabited part of the country. There was an old bed-ridden woman, to whom tbe girls had shown kindness, and they went over one morning to pay her their farewell visit. The family bad been much liked, and their sodden departure was a regret to all. ' Ab dear !' Baid the old dame, ' 1 beerd as bow you was a going to flit ! Well it will be a loss to me, though 1 did not see ye often, bein' at a dis tance. But it was some thing to think of that I might have a look at your bright faces when you stopped in your rides to say a kind word, or bring me a little dainty nown and thens. I'm main sorry to lose ye, young ladies, but I ain't no wayB surprised. None does stay long at Manorbere. Tbe ghost drives 'em all out, all on 'em. ' You don't seem to believe us when we say it is on account of jispa's health that we are going away. But you know be came to these parts expressly for the bunting ; and as since his accident he has never been able to go out, there is Homing to Keep us uere. 'Ah lyes. No doubt there's reasons. There's always reasons. But still it comes to this ; none does stay in that house ; and it's my be lief the ghost drives 'em away, say what they will.' ' But what is the ghost ? What does it do ! What briugs it there T Do tell us,' said Eme. Well, ladies, I can only tell you what I've beerd. You see, the Clendons— the family as Manorbere belonged to— was always a baddisb lot They were all wild, from father to son, and they drank, and they gambled, and they was in bad ways from years end to year's end, and run through most of their money. And then they would go abroad out of the way, and the place was Bhut op, and let go to rack and ruin. Tbe old house was pulled down because they thought it was not worth repairing. (It had got into tbe creditors' hands by that ) Ah ! it was a line place was tbe Lodge when I first remember it, afore the trees was cut duwn, and the park ploughed up, and sold off bit by bit.' ' How long ago was that?' ' A matter of fifty years —or nigher Bixty, maybe. Wben tbe last Cleudons couie back here to bide, there warn't above half lelt But tbe great bouse was tbeie still : only part was hhnt un. because it wam't sound and Bafe. They n a gladBome set, them Cleudons, but tbe gentry about did not take to thi-m much, aud i dou't tbiuk they cared whether tbey did or no. Tb«y had their friends from London staying d»wn here, months together, and French folk ; and the goin's on at the Lodge was the talk ol the country. There was naming, and dancing, and play-acting, it was Baid, goiu' on every night ; and there was some new dances tbey had learned in France, and tbey was thought undeceut here in England. 1 must say they were pleasant to look at, all those people— pretty, and gay, and men). 1 would go out to my gate to see 'em come by, such a many together, all talking and laughing, riding and driving, and pick-nicking about They ilidn't care what they spent you see, tbe Clendons didn't, for tbey didn't pay anybody, and they knew it couldn't last ; bo it was a short life aud a merry for them. They lived mostly in the new wing, what is the house now. It was called new, though I beerd say more nor a hundred years old ; and they threw two rooms into one to make tbe drawin'-room where tbey had their dances and romps. Well, the nearest neighbours then was the Perigals of Dour Grange. Very strict folk they was to be sure. Never no junketings nor gay doin'a was heerd of in that house ; uo laughing nor singing, ex cept it was hymns ; but always grave faces and solemn voices. Aud as to plays, or dancings, or cards, or, for tbe matter of that, games of »,iv «nrt : thev tnougin biu-m tbineB was so many tro|-n laiU by tbe devil to eaten souls. It was always preaching and praying that went on there j so you may suppose, ladies, what the Clendons aud their doin's was to them. Mr. l'erkal said ' they stauk in his nostrils,' and he always looked as if tbey did j and ton more the Mauorbere people racketed, tbe closer the Pen gals kept to their strict ways. Ab ill-luck would have it just afore this time, Mr. Peri gal's sister-in-law dind, and her daughter bein' left a urphau, come to live with her uncle and auut at the Grange. Poor child ! I did pity her. Sbe waa a bit flighty in her ways, but she had always been used to a cheerful home aud young folks for companions, and the Grange was no better than a prison to ber. To make a long Btory short, she somehow got knowledge of the Olendon ladies. It was quite innocently at Bret Sbe met them driving out, in a lane when they had got into some strait with tbe ponies, or lost their way, I think. She trie! to direct them, but they didn't understand quite, so tney ueggea ner to get iniu tue pony-chaise and go along o' them, and show them ; aud she did. She was a pretty crea tur, and taking, and so were they, to do them justice ; aud when she got down and left them, tbey Baid tbey hoped to see her again. Her uncle and aunt wen in a sad way wben they heard what had chanced. She didn't make no concealments about it at first, and I do think Bhe was druv to it after, along o'their bein' so very strict and hard U|K-o her at home. Sue did lead a dreary life of it. She was never truBted out aloue after that She was not strong in her health, and she h*i a poay U ride, which waa a'most her only ple.ii.ure ; but she never went out without the old man servant behind, to see sbe com* to no harm, unless Mr. Perigal was with her himself. One day who should she fall iu with, but a picnic party from Mauorbere, and the ladies she had met the day they lost themselves come up so free and plea sant, and asked ber to join their lunch. Sbe cume round old Richard with her pretty coax- | ing ways to keep it secret from her guardians ; and so by little aud little sbe got to make meet ings with her new friends. Bad frieods tbey was to her, but 1 don't think tbey meant her any harm. They liked ber, and thought to amuse her : only they led her into deceit and false ways. One of the young gentlemen was taken with her pretty face, and got a sweet hearting of her ; and one day when tbey were dancing on the grass, he wanted her to be his partner in one of their new- fangled dances. Of course she kuowed nothin' of it, though she was used to dances iu her own nonie, ana coma iooi it in a country dance with the best of 'em. Bless ber, she was as lissom as a fairy ! So, then, they said tbey must teach her ; and she took to it like natur', and said there never waa anything so delightful. Then they told her they practised it every niphl at tile Lodge, and she must come there and make one of them. For a little time she stood out that she mustn't, aud she duratu't, and what would come of it if uncle and auot fouud out ! ' Well, and if they did. tbey can't Beud you to Bogey,' said Glen don, wuo never feared G)d nor devil. And they all laughed at ber, and persuaded of her, bo at last it was Bottled how it should be. After she was gouo to her room at night — there was prayers at the Grange at half-past nioe, and when tbey were over the house was shut up, and all the lights waa put out, and everybody went to bed— she was to slip out by her win dow, aud her young man was to meet her, and take her to Manorbere and in by the old part of tbe house, and through the door at the top of the staircase (what's barred up thU many a year now), and to down to tbe danuing-room ; and when their jinks was over, some on 'em took ber home again, all on the sly. I don't know how long this went on, but cot many times, I should think, or she'd likely got caught It would have been best for her U she hart, poor thing 1 But one night, as she ni whirling round and round with her lover, and his arm round her, he felt her lean heavy all of a sud den, and then slide away to the ground. They all stopped in a fright, and lifted her up, and carried nor to the sofa ; but no burnt feathers nor vinegar, nor anything else, try what they might, would bring her too. They rode off like mad for a doctor, and he come galloping back with 'em ; but he could do nothing. Sue Was dead 1' ' Good heavens 1 how shocking !' cried Eme. ' Ah ! you may say so, miss ; cut off like that in tbe midBt of her sins!' 'There's no sin in dancing,' said Luoy. 'But then is in disobedience, mist, and deceit) T.h»awtorh«,»sidttWM-iiswiooUb,e heart; but Mr. Perigal, be never would be persuaded but what it was a judgment on her for seeking after carnal pleasures ; and he cursed , the Clendons and all their lot, as tbe devil's j imps misleading the unwary. They was more i strict and serious than ever, after that, at tbe ! Grange, and the house was like a tomb for ! gloominess; for they both loved their niece ; after their fashion, and tbey looked on her as a : lost soul. Though, for my part, I can't help thinking the Almighty might, mayhap, have mercy on a poor misguided child.1' ' You are a better Christian than they were,' said Lucy. ' But what was tbe end of the Clendons ?' asked liflie. ' Well ! Even they seemed sobered like by that shocking night s work. The party broke up Boon after, aud all went away for good. The fnmily never came back, and I've heerd as how the last on 'em died in forrin parts. The credi tors come and took possession, and tbe property was cut up aud sold off. Several different families has had tbe bouse, bnt none for long. Tbey do say that of a night, when all is quiet, that old door is heerd to open softly, creak, creak, and then footsteps go stealing down Btairs ; and then, by-and-bye, they come creep ing up again, and tbe door creaks again, and sounds as if it was to shnt to. But nothing is ever Been.' ... Etn'e listened to this recital with a surt of fascinated terror, and repeated it with all its eerie particulars to her father and Eleanor when tbey got home. And you believe it really is a ghost going to a ball, do you, my credulous little Eme ? said the colonel, pulling her ear playfully. ' But the nouses, papa, I We all heard them.' '1 have no doubt you did, and that the noises exist, though we have not been able to account for them. But don't you Bee, my dear girls, that it was the noises tbat were tbe cause of the gbost ; not tbe ghost that was the cause of tbe noises ?' When we got home, of course, I told all this to Captain Macnamara, who, bike all sailors, loved a ghost-story. But neither of us was troubled with nervous terrors. On inquiry, we found tbat the sad story of the poor little truant girl wss substantially true ; and then the matter passed from our minds. It was now April, very fine weather, and warm for the time of year. Tempted by the beauty of one fragrant evening we had lingered on tbe terrace, on returning from a stroll in the garden after our usual late dinner, till I was quite tired. So leaving Dick to finish his last cigar, I stepped into the drawing-room by the window, and sat down to the pianoforte. It was quite dusk indoors, but I did nut care to ring for lights till he came in, so I continued playing little bits of soft muBic by heart, till at last 1 fell upon one of an old Bet of Beethoven's waltzes, which had not come into my head for a long time. While 1 was playing. I heard the door to which my back was turned open gently ; bnt no one came in. I thought it was my husband, and that he was stopping to Usten, as tbe waltz was an old favourite of bis. ' Is tbat you, Dick i' Baid L ' Will you order tea?' No answer. I turned ronnd. and there. looking in lit the half-opened door, as if tbe person were standing behind it, 1 saw a face so strange, so wan and wistful-looking, tbat I uttered an involuntary cry. Iu a moment Dick sprang in at tbe window, aud I pointed to the door. ' Who »b it f ' said I, faintly. He went to the door. ' There is no one bere. ' It opened into an ante-room, which he crossed, and looked out into the corridor. ' What was it. dear?' Baid he, coming back. ' You look scared.' 1 told him what it was. ' The housemaid comine to see whether the room was put to rights, I suppose.' 'I suppose it must have been. But oh, Dick, you can't think how weird, and ghastly, and odd tbe face looked !' ' Why bo does yours at this moment, love ; and most faces do look pale and queer at twi light : especially peeping in at a door. Let ub have lighta.' He rang the bell. The servants came in with the lamps and tea, and I persuaded myself I had been mistaken. But somehow I did not like to think of that face at the door : and 1 shunned making the inquiry, whether the honse A few weeks later, we were to go up vu town to pass the London season with my parents, who bad taken a house there; and we bad engaged to pay visits to various relations in the country afterwards, before returning to Manor bere for the cub-hunting in September. The members of the bunt who happened to be still remaining in the neighbourhood had got up a parting dinner, at which Captain Macnamara was to make one. It took place at Barton, a town five or six miles from us, and at an early hour, because some of the party had a long ride home afterwards. 1 dined alone at our usual time. I walked in tbe garden a little with our favourite terrier Fussy, and then I sat lazily enjoying my tea and a new book till I found myself beginning to nod. Looking at my watch I saw it was already eleven o'clock, and knowing that my husband might be expected home in half an hour or so, I preferred waiting up for him to going to bed ; so I went to the piano to rouse mveelf. Fussy, who was very fond of music, sat np, stretched himself, and followed me to the instrument, where he placed himself at my feet After playing several pieces, the old Beethoven waltzes recurred to my memory, and 1 began them. I must make the confession that after tbe evening when that very unpleasant face had looked iu so mysteriously, 1 had been weak enough to have the piano moved so as to sit facing any one who might come to the door. There was only one lamp in the room, on my reading table : bo the other end of the spacious apartment was imperfectly lighted. Looking upas 1 played, to my astonishment 1 Bav in the distance what I thought to be two white mice capering about the floor. I left the piano ami went t'i the e|K-t, but nothing was to be seen. This did not surprise me, as naturally the timid creatures would run away at the slightest move ment ; but being very fond of animals I wanted to discover them, and sought under the sofa and chairs, »nd in every earner of the room. All in vain. At last, hoping tbat if I ke|it quiet they m'niht come out agaiu, and wondering at the music seeming to attract them, 1 sat down once more to my walltea. In an instant, there they were again, going round and round with the greatest regularity ; but the mo nent [ stopped playing, or moved from my place, tbey were gone. This happened three or four times, and the oddest thing was that Fussy, who was nbid after rats and mice, instead of flying at these little creatures crept close to me and crouched tremblingly by my side. I was glad of it, for T did not wish to have the pretty dan cers killed, and I hai just recommenced my tune for the fourth time when the door was opened, and my husband entered and waltml up the room towards me while tbe little crea tures kept time with him perfectly, seeming to follow his steps. 'Dick .' Dick i' said I, without stopping my music ; ' look then I Did you ever see any thing so coriouB ?'' He paused, looked in the direction indicated by my eyes, and then in a tone of utter amaze ment, exclaimed : ' Feet ! by Heaven 1' ' What ?' cried 1, starting np. He stood as if petrified. Nothing was to be sees ol the strange apparition. I told him what had happened, and tbat I believed them to be white mice tbat I had seen. ' Mice P Baid he. ' Ae sure as I stand here, it was a little pair of feet in white satin shoes ! Go back and play.' 1 did so. 'Then they are again, by Heavens ! Come quickly.' I ran to tbe end of the room, but no trace of them appeared. Next morning we started for London in the full expectation of returning to Maoorben early in September. But we wen summoned in the beoinnins of that month to what proved to be the death bed of my dear father, and changes in tbe family arrangements consequent upon that event kept us some weeks away. During this time an uncle of my husband's was ap|»inted to tne governorship of a oolony, and wrote to offer his nephew the post of naval - aiile de-camp, whioh he gladly accepted. Be- i f on the year was out, we had sailed for our new destination. When we oame back to England, the haunted house had oeasoi to exist A rail way company bad bought it and runs its iron road dean across tbe pretty garden. The house was razed to the ground, the trees were felled, and corn now grows on the scene of the ghost's waits. Foe some time Diok aud I kept too vtery o{ tbe ghost's waits stritrtlv to oursstow | but tiis public mind is uow so well prepared for tbe re ception of marvels, that I have no hesitation in desiring its acceptance of this authentic little history. Accustomed as every one is, nowa daye, to hear — though certainly not to see — how gentlemen who print their indisputable expe riences can elongate themsilvvK, flatten them selves, graze themselves against ceilinga. and flit in and out of three-pair-of-stair windows ; how instruments of music can play for their own amusement in udd corners out of hu manity's reach, or fly about in the air, while human beings float among them ; bow hands, unattached (like retired colonels), can gather flowers and crown poets ; and how spiritual be ings can return from the grave, to enjoy a game of romps under a loo-table, or talk more dreary nonsense than they talked in life, if possible ; there surely can be no difficulty in believing the simple fact of a poor little pair of feet iu white satin shoes returning to this world, at the sum mons of a fuvcuiite tune, to finish a dance unexpectedly cut short by ruthless Death ! 