THE MOORS A.ND THE FENS. By F. G. Trafeord. chapter- xxii. rfiruiu c\v r.iMmr»T Time jogged, after a somewhat dreary fashion, through the rooms. and up and down the staircases of Number 12, Belenna-square. for about the space of two months from the conclusion of my last chapter ; he brought no commission to Malcolm Frazer, no money to his sister, no greatly improved health to that young 'lady's mother, nor cheerful expression to John Merapie's face. Excepting, perhaps, that Mina had learned a little experience, things had remained in statitquo for the period above mentioned, when one evening some slight variety was afforded by the advent of Mr. Ernest Ivraine, who, "having come to London to discharge a series of Indian com. missions, conld n,Pt resist the temptation of callingj'even at a rather unseasonable hour, to see Mr. Merapie." John Merapie had been, for a considerable number of months previously, in that state of mind which makes the Londoners hail the society of any one as a perfect godsend ; add to this the fact of his liking Ernest, and you have reasons enough to account for his grasp ing the young man's hand, and inviting him not merely to stay and dine in Belerrna-square, but also to make Number 12 his abiding place during the remainder of his sojourn in London. Ernest rvraine could not, or would not, a vail himself ot the last clause in Mr. Merapie's hospitable speech; he remained to dinner, however, and called once or twice afterwards, and accepted a second invitation to come and take John Merapie "as he was," and every body in the house was glad to see him, for the whole household was so bored to death with its own society, that, though the baronet's son was by no means the most cheerful guest in the world, he was still infinitely preferable to none. Mina never forgot that evening ; she stood, or fancied she stood, then on firm ground, and beforo she well knew what had occurred, she found herself in a perfect sea of doubts, dif ficulties, and calamities. What a cheerful circle they formed round the fire. How the hours sped by, how loth Ernest was to rise and depart, feeling, as he did so, ho was leaving much he cared for behind him1: how gladly ho availed himself of ( John Merapie's invitation to come and break- fast there the next morning before setting out on his journey liVuiie ; how pretty Mina look ed, lie thought, fSs he bado her good-night ; how pale and abstracted his host seemed at times — lie remembered afterwards; Tirno brought that evening and took it away again, and Ernest, ns lie wended his way back to his hotel, murmured sundry discontented observa tions concerning tlio old enemy's various rates of progress in London anil at Paradise. Paradise ! how ho sickened at the name of that place, and loathed the chain which drew him buck to it ! And as slumber with liim was the rarity, wakefulness the rule, he lay through weary hours, counting tho hours — counting the ci'.imes, and thinking of himself and his homo, and of her nnd her home. "Oh ! that I could shape my destiny and hers a3 I would," he thought, "that I had never seen her, or else died ere I learned to know I loved her.'' And thus care kept guard beside his pillow ; but at length sleep laid a gentle hand on his eyes, and in the dreams of night Ernest Ivraine was at liberty to grasp happiness, competent to feel pleasure, to defy grief ; to forget that the curse of gold was upon him, that he had wasted tho best years of existence in almost total inaction, waiting and sinfully longing for the death of a man who could, at any moment, cast off or leave him a beggar. Sleep brought forgetfulness of actual posi tion to the baronet's first-born ; but with morning's dawn recollection awoko also : what a bitter thing that waking, morning after morning, to the consciousness of disappoint ment, the necessity for endurance, the need for patience, tho repentance of errors, tho perception of follies, the importance of exertion, generally proves ! Qk ! who that might sleep on, after he has once eaton of the tree of knowledge, and learned a little of life's weary teachings, would, if the choice wore given to him, desire to open his eyes on earth's vanities again ? So, at least, asked Ernest Ivraine ; but then he was not adapted to decide on the question, seeing that he had started in lifo on a wrong principle j that he would not employ whatever talents had been given to him to shape out some happier destiny for himself; ho had decided wrongly years before, and ho was now commencing to pay the penalty of that great desire for wealth, to he won by no exertion of his own, which had prevented his leaving Paradise years previously, which compelled him to return to it even then. Evon then ! yes, he meant to go home again that very day, after he had breakfasted, ac cording to invitation, in Belerrna-square, and Baid good-by to the friends who dwelt there. Mrs. r razor, Alalcolm, and Mina welcomed him when he entered the dining-room ; he had ' never seen the latter look so bright and happy Beforo ; there was a change in her usually quiet manner that- puzzled him not a little; but if he had heard a dialogue between her and Mr. Merapie on the preceding night, lie would have understood all perfectly. " Mina," said that gentleman to her after Ernest's departure, "I want to speak to you;" and, accordingly, Mrs. Frazer having gone off yawning to bed, and .Malcolm having ascended to a special sanctum of his in the third floor, where he retired to smoke when his uncle chanced to be at home — Mina sat down in the drawing-room to hear what her uncle had to say. "Yon are no longer a child," began Mr. Merapie, in a manner which defied contra diction, as did also the fact stated. " I do not know that I over thought about the matter till the other day, when Mr. Westwood pointed it out to mo." He paused, as if a little embarrassed ; hut 'Mina resolutely maintained silence ; she knew what was coming, but she thought her uncle might explain himself without her assistance. "You see, Mina," lie began again at last, "I promised to speak to you on the subject; to cut all short, he — Mr. Westwood — wants to rmarry you." "Yes, sir," said she, looking very steadily at tho fire. " Well," resumed John Merapie, wonderfully fortified by this most unsentimental comment oil his information ; " well, what I want to know now 13, do you want to marry liim r " " No, I don't," she replied, most emphatically. "Oh!" exclaimed John Merapie; then, reroombering he had promised Mr. Westwood t-o-'uee his influence, ho continued — " It might be well for you to think nbout this offer, Mina, notwithstanding ; you see, a love match is a verv foolish thing, never ends . well. Now, Alfred" Westwood would be very j fond of you./and he is a good sort of fellow, uncommonly clever, with a clear head for business, and he is tolerably well off, and indeed, Mina, tho more I reflect about it, the more sure I feel you could not do bettor. " Well, but, uncle, I do not want to do any better, or to marry any one. I am quite content as|f am ; I am so well, I do not wish to be better ; I do not see why I should think of marrying at all. 1 " Faith, neither do I," exclaimed Mr. Merapie, "and that's just what I told him." " Did you r" said Mina ; " oil ! thank you for it." " The truth is," returned Mr. Merapie, " I have always considered it a great risk to undertake running in harness with a com parative stranger for life — till death," added the merchant, in a strange tone ; " and so I told Westwood that, though I had no objection to the match, and should, in fact, rather like it than otherwise, still that I would leave you to decide as you chose." "I am sure," suggested Mina, "you would never compel me to marry " ' Compel ! '' echoed Mr. Merapie, "God forbid ; and, as you say, I do not see why you should think of wedding at all If girls are left orphans, and so forth, I suppose it is better for them to marry than turn governesses nnd one thing or another of that kind ; I don t know, hut I suppose it is. When they are certain, however, always of a competence, the ease is entirely different, aud f will never leave you dependent, my dear good little girl, rely upon that." There was something so earnest and tender in the tone of his voice, that Mina, feeling she had never been sufficiently grateful for all the kindness he had shown her since childhood, arose from the seat she occupied, and, taking possession of a stool at his feet, placed her hand lovingly in his, and answered, "You have been so nearly a fiUher to mo evor since I lost my own, you have made this place so much like home, that I should be a monster to wish to leave either it or you. There was indeed a tiiuo when I did so long for the land of my. birth, that nothing here nnmnWolv satisfied me: but I see things so .lifferontly now ; I am twice as happy now as iver I was. I cannot say all I feel, and have felt for a good while past," she added, with a tremor in her voice; "but though L cannot talk much of all wo owe you, I can remember it always." It was the first time in his lifo John Merapie ever recollected hearing such a sentence ad dressed to liim, and it melted the worthy merchant so much, that lie bent suddenly down nnd kissed his niece, who flung her arms round his neck and began to weep, as washer fashion when her heart was touched. " What a foolish child yon are," said John Merapie at last; "I havo done nothing for you hut what was my imperative duty, not so much as I -ought; I might have made this home a little gayer, if I had thought of it — yes. and I will do it.'' "I do not wish it to ho different," sobbed Mina ; "I am quito happy, quito : I have not a single wish on earth, but one." " And what may that he ?" demanded her uncle. "I wish so much that Malcolm had a com mission ; he has set his heart on being an officer, and if you gave him a chance now, he would be steady ; he has told me he would, often : I hope you will not be displeased. That is tho only wish I havo, uncle." Her uncle liad fixed his eyes on the fire when slio commenced this speech, and, at its conclusion, he said, rising — " Malcolm lias disappointed mo grievously, Mina, and I do not think he is at all improved, or likely to improve ; I cannot tell what I ought to do with him, but still I will think about it and see ; meanwhile, with regard to yourself, you do not wish to marry Mr. West- wood ? " " No, indeed, uncle, I do not." " Well, then,' yon shall not, ' he answered, and rose to retire for the night. Beforo ho had quite reached the door, how- over, he turned hack a step, and, taking Minn's hand— she wondered at the time what made him do it, and she rcinomhered the action afterwards — he squeezed it very tight in his, then said — "God bless you!" twice over, after which ho wont hurriedly out of the room. And Mina sat down by the dying embers and cried very much ; why, she scarcely knew, excepting that she was now immensely relieved and rejoiced. But when she arose next morning', not a tear dimmed her eyes, for she felt sure Malcolm xvo'uld have another chance given him ; and she was delighted to think she' had done with Mr. Westwood for ever. Her uncle had removed a load from her heart : Miss Caldora was quite astray. There was nothing wrong with the business, no reason to fear any reverse : they would always be indenendent : Mr. Meraoie had said so: and thus it was only natural that she should trip downstairs with a much lighter step than usual, and greet Mr. Ernest Ivraine in such a remarkably cheerful manner, that tho miser s son found himself marvelling what piece of good fortune had befallen his host's niece, which caused her to seem 60 altogether changed a being. CHAPTER XXIII. A SUDD II X It L 0 XV . "Malcolm," said Mrs. Frazer to her son, a few minutes after Mr. Ivraine's arrival, " I wish you would see what is keeping your uncle ; tell him breakfast is ready. ' "Mina," cried Malcolm, "run up stairs like a good child and deliver your mamma's mes sage ; he quick now. and do not get into any mischief by the way;" and having thus shift ed the trouble oil to his sister s shou'dcrs, lie drew his chair a little closer to the fire, and, commenting on the coldness of the morning, began to stir the already blazing coals into a brighter glow, talking and jesting in his usual careless style as he did so. He had just uttered some pleasantry, when, in the middle of tho laugh which followed it, the door was flung open, and, making lint one hound to where lie was seated, Mina laid her hand over his mouth. " What is the matter " demanded her brother ; " have you seen a ghost 1 speak, can't you 1 " " I — I've seen a corpse," she gasped out, cowering down on the hearthrug, ami burying her face hi her hands ; " lie is dead ! " With a simultaneous exclamation of horror, Malcolm and Ernest rushed out of the apart ment and up the staircase together. Tho door of an outer chamber, which Mr. Merapie had used half as dressing-room, half as library, was wide open. and. hurrying in, tliey beheld John Merapie sitting behind a small writing-table, his head falling hack over the top of an old fashioned chair, his eyes staring, his features fixed in death. To have seen Malcolm Frazer, one would have imagined ho had lost his senses ; he moaned and raved, and finally hetakiug him self to the bell-pull, he commenced ringing with such violence as speedily brought the few servants the house contained to the spot. " What is it von want 1 " Ernest Ivraine kept demanding, whilst he busied himself en deavouring to discover whether any sparlj of life still remained ; " what is it you want! " " A doctor, send for a doctor, go for a doctor!" Malcolm screamed out at last; and though he saw it was perfectly useless, Ernest Ivraine did speed forth, and returned in five minutes.' time, dragging little Dr. Richards with him. " Been gone for hours," were the first words lie spoke ; " past human aid long ago, long ago; poor Merapie" and the doctor's voice softened. " It's of no use doing anything." he added in answer to Malcolm's wild entreaty for him to bleed, to blister, to restore heat, to try some vague means for bringing bask tho dead to life. " It is impossible," said Dr. Richards, in a much gentler manner than usual ; " all the physicians in England could do nothing now." But still Malcolm implored so earnestly for means to he employed, that Mr. rvraine whispered in the doctor's ear, " It is useless, I sec. hut do humour him, he is almost crazy"' "Never minded a syllable his uncle spoke when living, hut goes frantic about liim now lie is dead. ' growled out the. doctor ; then ad dressing Malcolm, he continued, " I tell you young man, it is useless, hut I promise I will do my best." "And I will help you," cried Malcolm; and as, spite of all entreaty, lie would not leave the. room. Ernest stole away to see hoxv it fared with Mina. She had never changed her position since the -first-.; Mrs. Frazer was in a sxvoon, and the servants were attending to her, but Mina still remained in the attitude into which she had fallen at the beginning ; there she was, just as when he left her, half kneeling, half sitting ; she was shivering and trembling, that was all. "Miss Frazer," said Ernest; but she made no answer; then lie strove to arouse her by a gentle touch, laid oii her shoulder, hut fouud all his efforts ineffectual. " Doctor," lie said To his old acquaintance, after Mrs. Frazer had been carried to her own apartment, where the man of medicine first drowned her in hartshorn to rescue her. from another fainting fit, and then dosed her with opiates to avert a series of hysterics, " doctor, there is a poor sufferer here, needing your assistance as much, or more than any one ; T can do nothing with her, will you try" and he led him into the loom where Mina— still crouching down on the floor — sat silent. "Mina!" exclaimed Dr. Richards, who had knbwfrher since she was a child — " M ina ! " Finding no reply came, he pulled her hands awav with a not unkindly jerk ; then, raising her hi'ad. lie looked into lier face. " This must not go or.," said Dr. Richards, decidedly ; " crying is had, and hysterics worse, hut of all evil methods of taking sorrow I liko this least, Mina 1 " he added, speaking to her in a louder tone, "you must answer me some questions ; it is necessary for you to do so ; now, attend to me; I want to know exactly, what von saw when you went to call your uncle to breakfast I " Ho had by this time managed to get her placed in a large arm-chair, and he stood before her, striving to attract and retain her atten tion ; hut still that look he so disliked re mained on her face, while she seemed totally unmindful of anything which was passing around lic.r. " You must speak !" exclaimed Dr. Richards, in a determined tone, that appeared to affect every quivering nerve. Ernest, who had gone to work far more gently, felt as if Dr. Richards were devoid of common humanity ; hut the desirgd result had been at length produced. The eyes wavered for an instant in their steady stair, and making an effort, she asked — " What is it — what do you want I " " I want to know," replied the doctor, speaking in a still louder key, " I want to know what you saw in your uncle's room this morn ing!" " I saw — T saw," she gasped, every muscle in her face working, till Ernest really began to fear the doctor would throw her into a fit — " him, sitting with his head leaning on the table ; and then " "Go on," he insisted, as site. paused, "go on ! and then " - " Then I went up to liim and spoke.'' "Well," persisted the doctor, " you spoke, and what did he answer ! " " Answer 1 " she echoed — " answer ! " " Yes, answer ! " he repeated. " Gome, make i t i - i j..- j._ :l i ..ii nsisu: now, i iici vt. iiuir unit; iaj »tuu iioiu «m day ; get on, what did ho answer!" " Nothing ! " " What did you do 1 " he demanded. "Then lifted his head, and looked in his face — and — and — I saw lie was dead !" " There, she will do now," said Dr. Richards, as a sudden hurst of tears succeeded the con clusion of her short story ; then he commenced giving her whatever scraps of comfort came most readily to hand, striving to console her with such almost womanly gentleness, that Mr. 1 vrainepdooking gravely on, confessed he had done the little doctor injustice. Having succeeded in calming her in some degree, Dr. Richards walked over to the side board, and, pouring out a glass of wine, pre sented the same — after hef had dropped an opiate into it — to his patient, aud bade her swi llow the mixture. " Now," lie said, "sit there till I return," and drawing down the blinds, he. beckoned Ernest to follow his example, and left the apartment. "That," he remarked, as he coolly turned the key in the wards, and then deposited it in his pocket, " that will keep her quiet for some hours at any rate ; and now, xvhat is the next thing to he done " Mr. Ivraine did not know, hut ho xvent in search of 'Malcolm, whom he found pacing up aud down the drawing-room. "Mr. Frazer," began Ernest, "is tliero any thing I can do for yon ? If it is in my power to prove of the least use, I hope you will allow mo to lie so ; but if not, I feel I ought no longer to intrude." "Oh! for pity's sake," broke in Malcolm, " do not leave me. I don't knoxv xvhat to do, or where to turn, or how to manage, and — and — for Heaven's sake don't leave me hero alone, xvitli a corpso lying in tho house, and not .a soul to exchange a syllable with but a lot of 'helpless women." " I shall certainly not go, if you wish mo to remain," replied Ernest, in a soothing tone ; "hut do try to compose yourself: yon must recollect hoxv much has suddenly devolved upon you. You have, as you say, helpless xvomen depending upon you as their only, malo prop. You must prox-e yourself a strong one ; sit doxvn and calm yourself, and then xvo xvill look the worst steadily in the face. Dr. Richards has promised to return in a couple of hours, and xve can then consult with him." "That follow Westxvood," here broke in Malcolm, " has been prowling about tlio house all the morning ; I xvonder what business ho lias here, or who sent for him, or who wauts him : I wish to heavens xvo could turn him out. I catno here solely to be out of his way ; ho is the most impudent " " Mr. Frazer," interposed Alfred Westxvood at this juncture, pushing open tho door, xvliioh Ernest had loft ajar, "Mr. Frazer, xvill you excuse me, as a friend, asking you an appar ently very impertinent question ¥ " " I suppose it makes very little difference whether I will or not, as yon aro sure to ask it at any rate," replied Malcolm sulkily. "I must ask it," veturned Mr. Westwood ; "still I trust, though I am axvaro my xvords must sound very unfeeling at such a time, that you xvill not bo offended. Has your unclo left any xvill ? " " What business is that of yours ?" demand ed Malcolm. "How the devil can it concern you, whether he has or not r " Mr. Westxvood shuddered, as if tho sound of the young Scotchman's hasty oath appalled his religious ears; but he uusxvered — " It concerns me not in the least, Mr. Malcolm Frazer, I admit; but yon may yet discover it a matter of some importance to you : you, hoxvever, dislike to hoar truth from the lips of a friend ; I xvill, therefore, relieve you of my presence." And Mr. Westwood, a half-triumphant, half-insulting expression on his face, turned, as he concluded, to leave the room. "Stop !" cried Malcolm, a vague dread of some unknown evil flashing through his mind — " stop ! " nnd he flung liiinselt betxveen his late uncle's partner and th.e door. "Noxv, sir," ho continued, "as you have thought fit to come hero without invitation, yon shall stay hore on compulsion till you explain your moaning clearly and satisfactorily." A smile of contempt curled Mr. Westwood's lip, hut ho answered without even a traco of irritation, and, as the looker-on thought, xvitli tho utmost forbearance. "I caiue here as a friend, and you received me as an enemy; noxv, xvhen I propose going, you insist that I shall remain ; hut I nm willing to make every allowance, ami, as I really wish to he of service, I overlook the insulting style of your address, and reply, that I am here ready and xvilling to answer any questions you may think proper to put, always supposing they aro of such a nature as that good, and not harm, can result from replying to them." " I detest long sentences, sir," xvas Mal colm's polite rejoinder to Mr. Westwood's temperate speech. "I really think you aro acting foolishly, Mr. Frazer," interposed Ernest, "I really think yon are,." "Andl knoxv lie is, "returned Mr. Westwood, " but that is no affair of mine ; my motto is, 'Let everybody take care of himself, and manage his own business as best suits his oxvn fancy.' " "I wish you'd carry your theory into practice," exclaimed Malcolm, pettishly ; " hut whether foolish or wise, I want to knoxv why the fact of my uncle not having left a xvill can he an affair of importance to me aud mine !" " Because,"" replied Mr. Westxx-ood, "the absence of one has reduced many a man to beggary." " But in our case, a xvill is unnecessary ; an unfavourable one might have unmade us, it is true ; the want of one altogether merely leax'es us in possession of what my uncle always in tended should be ours." " Perhaps so," said Mr. Westxx-ood. " Why, don't you know," hurst forth Mal colm, "that xve are his nearest relatives, that nothing hut a xvill could deprix-e us of his property! Are you not laxx- yer enough to understand this, or," lie added, a sudden suspicion occurring to him, "do you know of any will ! By Heavens ! if you have worked upon hi in to disinherit us, if you have dared to meddle in family concerns, I sxvoar you shall never enter iuto possession of the property so acquired." Ernest Ivraine nox-e.r could tell, at least not until long years afterwards, xvliy this scene affected liTm xvitli that sort of deadly sickness xvhich is induced, not by bodily illness, but by nientnl excitement : it xvas a sort of acting by others of xvhat might come to himself ; it xvas a kind of rehearsal of something, in xvliich lm wms to he a nrincinal character lie had felt at the first that loathing, xvliich the uninterested always experience, of hearing pecuniary matters discussed in a room next to that desolate apartment tenanted by one who has done xvitli earth, and the curse thereof — rrold— for ever. But Malcolm's words had touched the vibrating cliord in his heart ; the demon xvas at length roused ; the legacy hunter tlm man xvlio had voluntarily doomed him self to a hateful slavery, to tho end that lie might keep all other vultures off the spoil — felt himself sympathizing with Malcolm, doubtful of Mr. Westxvood, fearful of the result; and, accordingly, beforo lie xvell knexv xvhat induced the action, lie found himself standing at Malcolm's .fide, xvitli one hand on the youth's shoulder, entreating liim to attend patiently, and hear Mr. Westwood's reply. " Let me talk to you," said that individual, turning fiom Malcolm with an angry gesture ; "it is useless speaking to him; the hoy is a fool— act for him, lose no time ; search every drawer, box, desk, safe in the house, possible or impossible, aud see if you can discover a will. I request that some disinterested person nniv search' the office. -It is ot no importance to me, whether any will he discovered or not, further than that I wish xvell to those who may he reduced to beggary by the absence of such an instrument. Directly or indirectly I shall never benefit hv my late partner's demise. Mr. Frazer's suspicions have done me most foul wrong. Do not let prejudice blind vou T am giving good sound advice, for xvliich, perhaps, at a future day, even Mr. Malcolm Frazor may tlnink me." He made a step forxvard, as if to leave the room, hut Ernest detained him. " Toll me," he said, " xvhat is it you mean ! Arc not Mrs. Frazer and her children the solo living connections Mr. Merapie litis left behind him 1" "Tliev are not," replied Mr. Westwood. " Has he any nearer relatives ? " demanded Mr. Ivraine. "Time xvill show." was the reply uttered, as Mr. Westwood pushed Malcolm — xvho stood gazing intently and half stupidly in his face — gentlv aside, and walked past him out of the room and down the stairs and so away from the house. (To he continued.) 