ROME. OPENING OF THE COUNCIL. Since the proclamation of the dogma of the Immaculate conception, Pius IX. comes every year to assist at the close of the No vena in honour of that Feast, in the Church of SS. Apostoli, belonging to the Minor Conventuals, the General of which order resides in the adjacent convent. This visit has always been the occasion of a demon stration in honour of the Holy Father, but the reception given him last Tuesday evening to congratulate him on the eve of the great f-ir.4' 1-*TT£1V»4* /IT 111 CJ PrtTlfl ^1 /tn+rt «T» O « + T» ^V -TV\ f\ C* 4* f\'v\ esu eveui- ui mo x uuuLuucbiii;, wets one must eu thusiastic I have ever witnessed. Long be fore his arrival the piazza in front of the church was densely thronged, and when the Papal cortege drove up, cheer after cheer burst forth from the closely packed ranks : and the applause was renewed with in creased energy as the people caught a glimpse of his white robes as he descended from his carriage, and again, when at the close of the ceremony he came out from the convent blessing the kneeling multitude. Then, as the crowd followed slowly out of the piazza, and dispersed in the neighbouring streets or streamed up the Corso, all ablaze with lights (for the Senators of Rome had in vited the inhabitants to illuminate), the ' Angelus' sounded and all the church bells commenced tolling for an hour, mingling their notes with the ' deep booming of the cannon of the Castle of St. Angelo, which fired a salute of thirty guns in honour of the coming Feast. From before dawn in the morning of the 8th the rain descended in torrents, and though it did not hinder the more resolute sight-seers from making their way to the Basilica through mist and mud, it prevented the great crush which would otherwise have taken place, and might have given rise to accidents. Carriages were at fancy prices — an American Bishop, I am told, had to pay fifty francs for his — for the Romans seem to consider the Council from a strictly utili tarian point of view, and whether they let horses or houses^ they are resolved to profit by an opportunity to fleece the Northern for some generations. By arriving very early I managed to get a place in front of the Council stall, and while waiting for the procession had plenty of time to examine its situation in the northern transept, and its general appearance as it was two months ago, since which time it has been closed to the public. On Wednesday last the cen tral portion of the great partition which separates it from the nave, and in which the door is placed, had been taken down, so as to afford a good view of the whole interior. The seats of the Bishops are draped with dark green tapestry, and tickets with num bers mark the place assigned to each. On either side of the Papal throne, which occu pies the bottom of the hall, and is sur mounted by a painting of the descent of the Holy Ghost, are the seats of the. Cardinals, and above them two grated balconies, one for the Papal choir, the other for the Roman princesses. These again are surmounted by paintings of the Councils of Ferrara and Trent. Nearer to the entrance, and placed in the arches of the side aisle where they open on the transept, are two larger tribunes of two storeys, that on the right for the crowned heads and members of royal fami lies at present in Rome, that on the left for the diplomatic body and the generals. The upper storeys are reserved lor the theologians and canonists attending the Bishops ; and above them are two large paintings of the , Councils of Jerusalem and of that of Nicoea. ?' In the centre is an altar. | The Palatine Guard soon entered and formed a way from the high altar to the en- j trance of the Hall ; then came the Noble j Guard in their scarlet full dress, and toge gether with the Knights of Malta, also in. red uniform, took up their position just inside the Hall. About eight o'clock the various Royal personages began to arrive- -the Em press of Austria, the King of Naples, the Queen of Wir tern berg, the Duke and Duchess of Parma, the Grand Duke and Grand Duchess of Tuscany, the Counts and Countesses of Girgenti, Dastera, and Trap ani ; the Ambassadors and Ministers of For eign Powers followed, as well as General Kauzler, Minister of Arms, and General Du mpnt, commanding the French troops at Civita Vecchia ; and the tribunes were soon brilliant with uniforms and decorations. At nine the distant sound of the guns of the fort announced that the Pope had left the Vatican and was descended to the ' atrium' over the Portico of St. Peter's, where the Bishops, who had put on their robes, partly in the side-chapels of the Basilica and partly in the galleries of the Vatican, had . already assembled, and whence the proces- ; sion was to set forth after his Holiness had ??!? intoned the ' Veni Creator.' After half an, ,'???' hour's more waiting the chant of the ' hymns was heard from the bottom of V:' the church as the Fathers of the Coun cil moved slowly up the nave to the high altar, on which the Blessed Sacrament was exposed, while the Pope, who had been borne on the 'sedip gestatoria' from the door, got down there, and walking to the altar, recited before it the prayers at the end of the hymn. Those who stood in front of the Council Hall, jammed in a closely packed and ever swaying crowd, kept in line with difficulty by the soldiers, could not, of course, assist at this part of the ceremony, and only saw the bishops, as with mitre in hand they passed from the altar and took their seats in ' the Hall, according to the date «f their con secration. The procession lost thereby ? a great deal of its picturesque effect, but the ? ; ' . moral grandeur of the spectacle remained '.. undiminished. On they passed^ 740 in num ber, a continuous stream of bishops of all regions, of all languages, of all rites, the majority elderly, white- haired men, some of them bent with age ; others in the prime of life, but all, without exception, with noble, grave, and dignified mien, and many with countenances which a painter would choose as the type of an Augustine or a Chrysostom, ? ? ?'? ' . w of an Ambrose or a Jerome. The Eastern ? .' . rites wMch are in communion with the ' . Chmrch of Rome, but which are allowed to retain the use of their peculiar liturgies, were numerously represented, by dark, long bearded prelates from the lands, of the early Church. Bishops from Syria and Mesopo tamia were there, from Palestine and from. Egypt, from Greece and its isles, in richly ;; : ? ?;?;. embroidered capes of many colours, and :;: -? jewelled mitres, along with Armenians wear- :;'.:'. ing goldens crowns surmounted by a cross, and veiled Maronites from Mount Lebanon. -' Among the prelates of the Latin Church, there was less diversity of costume — all wore the white cope and the plain mitre of white ::.. linen prescribed by the ritual; but the -? Spaniards might be distinguished by the small, green silk tuft on their violet skull caps ; and the French by the black bands ?:/. worn by all the clergy of that nation. When his Holiness, who wore a golden . ? mitre, had taken his place on the throne,, tlie Mass of the Holy Ghost was chanted by his Eminence Cardinal Patrizi, at the close of which, Mgr. Fessler, secretary to the Conn- - oil, placed the Book of the Gospels on the ?]' . altar, on a sort of small throne which occu- :. ' pied the place of the tabernacle ; and Mgr. Puecher-Passavalli, Arehbishop of Iconium, ; kneeling before the Pope, asked his blessing, and then ascending the pulpit, preached the inauguration sermon in Latin. After the ;? sermon the Holy Father laid aside his mitre : ? : and cope, and having put on the vestments in which he officiates pontifically, the Fathers '.'?? of the Council came one by one to do him homage ;. the Cardinals kissing his hand, the Patriarchs, Archbishops, and Bishops his knee, and the Abbots his foot. This cere mony lasted more than an hour, after which the Pope standing, while all the assistants knelt, recited the prayer : ' Adsumus, Dom ine, Sancte Spiritus, Adsumus,' &o.;, and the choristers chanted the anthem, ' Exaudi nos Domine, quoniam benigna est miseri cordia tua ;' then the Cardinal deacon in vited the assembly to arise, and the Litanies of the Saints were sung, all present joining in the responses. After the invocation, ' Ut Domum Apostolicum,' &c;, the Pope rose, and holding the pastoral staff, sur mounted by the ('ross, blessed the Council, saying three times in the tone of the Litan ies, ' Ut hanc Sanctam Synodum, et omnes gradus Ecclesiasticos benedicere digneris, te rogamus audi nqs.' The Litanies were followed by chanting a portion of the tenth chapter of St. Luke, by Cardinal Borromeo, the Papal blessing being asked, and lights and incense borne as at High Mass. The Bishops then nut on their mitres. n.nrl fchfi assembly being seated, the Holy Father read his Allocution. It was impossible, of course, for the public outside to seize the words, but from the intonations of the voice of his Holiness, it was evident that he pronounced his discourse with great energy and expression. Kneeling then without his mitre at the ' f aldistorium,' he intoned the ' Veni Creator,' and the vast crowd outside taking up the chant, repeated the hymn alter- .#, nately-with the Papal choir. At the close l- of the 'Veni Creator,' Mgr. Yalenziani, Bishop of Fabriano, received from the Pope the decree convoking the Council, and read -it from the pulpit to the Fathers, who answered, ' Placet 1' A second decree, ap pointing the day of the Epiphany for the next general sitting, was read and approved of by the same acclamation. The Consis torial advocates, Ralli and de Donimicis Tosti, advancing to the foot of the throne requested the College of Apostolic Protono taries to draw up the minutes of the pro ceedings, and the Dean of the College answered in the affirmative, naming as wit nesses to the d«ed, Mgr. the 'Majordomo, and Mgr. ' Maestr© di Camera.' the Holy Father then intoned the ' Te Deum,' which was chauted alternately by the choir and the assistants, and after reciting at the end the -prayer'' Deus cujus misericordia aon est . numerus' etc., retired by a sidedoor to his apartments in the Vatican, while the Bishops passed through the church to the sacristies and chapels where they had robed in the morning. It was then three o clock ; the ceremony had lasted exactly six hours. I On Friday last, another sitting took place ' under the presidency, of their Eminences, . Cardinals de Luca, Bizzari, Biho, and Capalti, the Papal Legates. In these private sessions, when the Pope is not present the Bishops and Cardinals wear the mantelleta and rochetta' and the' black or red '' biretta M-r Vitelleschi, Archbishop of Osimo,' said a low Mass, and Cardinal de Luca, Dean of the Legates who was seated at the foot of the throne, recited the prayer, ' Adsumus Domine,' &c;, after which the Fathers of the Council, elected by ballot five Judices Excusationum' to take cognisance of the demands of exemption sent by those who could not come, and of the requests for leave of absence which may be made during the time of the Council. They also elected five ' Judices Qucerelarum' to decide on all dissensions or differences of opinion which may arrise. ... The famous anti- Council of Naples, which v.-:-, to have taken place on the 8th, was prorogued to the 9th, and then to the 10th, and as yet no tidings of it have come to hand ; but another assembly of I ree-thmkers met at Loretto, and decided to petition -the Government for the abolition of ? the nrst article of the Constitution, which declares the Catholic religion to be the religion of the State. . „ , Since my last, the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Italy, Signor Lanza, has re signed, vithuut.Jbeing able to form a Minis try. - General Cialdini, the hero of the treacherous invasion of the Papal btates, oi Caste! fidardo, and of Ancona, was summoned to replace him, but he, too, had to abandon the hopeless task,' as the colleagues whom he invited would not act with each other, and Signor Sell a, who was once Minister of Finance, is now the last resource of the King. If he fails, his Majesty must call m the revolutionary party, and we may, per haps, see Major Lobbia at the head of the Government. 