Colonial Extracts THE MODERN SHEARER.--The following lively sketch is from the Peak Downs Tele gram:-"Are you full-handed tor shearers, Sir ?" is a question that greets many a super, managing partner, or overseer, on his return from the run during these busy months of the squatters' harvest in Queensland. The speaker will be found, as a rule, superior to to the usual run of general station hands. He is mostly quiet and unassuming in appear ance-- indeed, his flashness, if he has any, is reserved for the shearing floor--and dresses better than most other labourers in the colony. His travelling rig-out----for no man travels as much as the professed shearer \---will generally be of the best, consisting of a good horse--often two or three---with a wonderful array of saddlery and camping gear, and if he does not keep a pack-horse, you may note a swag of wonderful dimen \- sions in front of him, enclosing within the folds of a gaudy red blanket most of our shearer's worldly possessions, including a long and well-worn turkey-stone,. and some times, but not often, a favourite pair of shears, not quite used up, with which he cut so many sheep at So-and-So's on the Comet. A very much more respectable in dividual than he used to be in the old out side days is the modern shearer. There is inothing mean about him, and he is gener ally manly enough having some notions for "me and my mate." That the dignity of the shearing profession may be kept up, he will generally refuse "the cove's" request to sign the agreement unless the others wait ing in the shearers' hut do also; but the barney as to the price, &c.;, being over, the subject of our sketch, being spokes man, will exclaim to the mob -- "Well boys, what do you say ?" and away they sign, following each other very much like the sheep they are about to shear. Our shearer, too, is very hard to please in the way of shears--they're either too strong, or they spring, or possess a tendency to lap. On the shearing-floor our man is in his ele ment. He is very social in his mob, and between the pens, when he has done sharpen ing, discusses often, with much shrewdness, every topic of the day--including the changes of fortunes of employers---past and present. On commencing the pen, our man will make an eager dart for the bare-bellied sheep. On being told that he must mend his hand and shear better, he will answer that " it's the wool rises after the shears.". I never saw a shearer yet that didn't say so. He will sing out, " tar" in the most domineering voice, showing the greatest contempt for the picker up and tar boy, and in fact has generally but little regard for the sheep he is shearing or the wool coming off it. Poor shearers' cook, no man living has such a job; our shearer always grumbles at his cook, his appetite is enormous, and the rush for the midday meal especially if there's doughboys or plum-duff, is alarming. For the rest, he is extremely hospital to travellers of his own class ; the shearers hut is always open, and a bucket of tea ever ready for the thirsty; he will also subscribe for his sick mate, and is generous when flush. A good shearer will shear on an average five hundred sheep a week, and earn from £3 to £4 a week clear through out a season of from four to five months--- a less the time spent in travelling. Many of them drink hard, and the season over, knock every farthing of their checks down at the hundred and one pubs, whose " trade and a good-will" is especially lambing- down our shearers. SLY-GROG-sELLINo.-The Hay corres.. pondent of the Wagga Wagga Express writes :-.Monday here was a bad day for the sellers of sly grog. Mrs Jarrett, of the Marked-tree Point, was, on the evidence cf a man named Potter and his mate Smith, fined £30, and in default three months in Deniliquin jail.-Mr Jones, who lived below Woollondool, and had been previously con victed for selling grog without a license on the premises he occupied then, was convicted of selling four glases of brandy to Potter, Whose evidence was corroborated by that of his mate Smith. Jones was fined £30, or three months inprisonment.-Mrs Parkes, boarding-house keeper, was fined for selling I Potter and his mate two or three glasses of f .brandy. Much sympathy is felt for her, as they pretended to have the stomach-ache and rolled about on the floor of the bedroom pretending to be in pain. Mrs Parkes then a it appears, at their request, let them have ' the spirits with some pepper in it to do them good, for which she received the money. G. Latham Smith, storekeeper, was also fined £30, or to be imprisoned for three moniths, for selling a bottle of rum to Potter.-Mr Riddle, of Moss' store, was fined £30 for .selling a single bottle of whisky to Potter without being licensed for that purpose, Messrs Moss Brothers having only a whole.. sale license to sell spirits. CoacHrNG oN THE PLAINs.-Owing to the heaviness of the recent rains, and the consequent flooding of large areas of the country between this town and Deniliquin, the punctual delivery of the mails by coach has been seriously interfered with, and all travelling, for hours together has often been utterly impossible. On Thursday and Fri day last the country between Jerilderie and Uraua for miles around was completely sub.. merged, and beyond the ringing of trees skirting the banks of the creeks, and an occasional belt of timber drearily overlooking the Dutch-like prospect, nothing could be discerned but endless seas of muddy water. On Friday. evening the mail arrived at Jerilderrie from Deniliquin, having Mr Forbes, Crown Prosecutor, and the Rev Mr Falconer, Mrs Falconer, and their family of young children as passengers for this town. To continue their journey through the miles of water that lay before them was not a 1 pleasant prospect, but Mr Forbes had to :hurry on to Yass to prosecute at the Quarter , Sessions Court-to be held in that town dur- b ing the current week, and Mr Falconer had 4 to reach ~Wagga Wagga in time to conduct Divine service on Sunday last, and so,.with g some misgivings, the horses were again har e nessed up, and the journey continued. The si night was pitch dark, but the team was r., staunch, and the whip a good one, and in rn spite of bogs, floods -and gloom, several of miles of the journey was accomplished in e safety. A short time, however, after passing o the Cocketgedong dam, in rushing through re a bog, the coach ploughed down .to the " axles, and the four horses, standing"up`~to is their middles in quagmire themselves, couldi es obtain no foothold, and were unable to ex he tricate it. The driver, Mr Forbes :and the o0 clergyman jumped down into&the; mud and' er water, and, thinking that their weight would I have lightened the coach sufficiently, to en: able them to lift it, they made the attempt, ig and again urged the horses to draw' itto e, firmer ground, but all to no lpuriose; the horses could not shift it; and at ten o'elock, e at night, and in the middle of, ' quiagmire ar there remained the coach and its miserable. a passengers, hopelessly bogged. " Witht'the' e- power at their command, all efforts to?:ex of tricate themselves proved uhiaviailing,1'theh' ie clergyman clambered into the_ coach_ to "lis. le family, and there to the music of; the crying \- children; and the rippling of the waters, \- composed himself to sleep. - Air Forbes is waded to a hillock a little dryer, than,the; r- surrounding hollows, and, wrapping a travel or ling cloak around himself, endeavoured to f follow his example, the driver 'iii the'mean? e while mounting one of the horses, and- riding, to off to the nearest habitation for assistance.? 't- At daylight some chains and additional tiorse le power were brought, and thecobach was t~en r, hauled out, and the half-starveda and miser. able travellers resumed their journhey. '"Aifter, 11 hours and hours of bumping:, "plougliig;, sy and swimming, they were early on Sunday, ry at last safely deposited in dry quarters iiithe r. half-inundated town of Wagga Wagga, n heartily sick of coach..travelling on the plains. S-Wagga Wagga Express. P A CHINESE RESIGoNATION.-A? squatter in the neighbourhood of Albo'ry (says thie Banner), while smoking his evening pipe, a-. and reading his newspaper like a good citi Iz' zen, was somewhat amused at the ':entraince es of his wife, who produced the following for. it. malresignationundei the signature.of Chung Se How, the station cook, who had, probably P employed an amanuensis to expircts his ideas: ,-" Sir,-Owing to. pecuniariy difficulties destiny dropped me in, compels me to make a known my intention to resign. Therefoie"I b hole, before next. moon, you may engage e, another cook in my place. From your true er man, CHUNG How." A CuaRous PHENOM)ENON.-The Marengo kr correspondent of the Burrangong Argus re lates and vouches for the auithenticity of'the er following :-A neighbour of mine was going out of his workshop to get his tea- his-son and daughter standing by at the time-wheh ' they all three saw a ball of fire rise from the ic ground, which; after travelling along for a. e distance of several yards; at the height of about two feet, disappeared through. the fence. It was twilight- when this:curious s occurrence took place, and the witnesses to' it were greatly terrified. .. d ANEW MAGICIAN.-Mr Chapman, whose feats in the necromatic line are highly i?poken of f, is expected to arrive in Sydney: shortly, k where he will give a series of his perform 1 ances. It will be recollected that Mr Chiap. d man arrived from California previous'to Mr Heller, and first opened in Melbourne. He i is now in Tasmania, where his audiences lire evidently well pleased with his elever featjs. Second sight and a man sealed up in a sack la ful of ghosts are amongst the wonders oof r his programme.-Empire. '. i WALLABY SxKIN.-It appears thatMeasrs Alderson and Sons, of Sydney, in the pur suit of their business, are desirous of ex tending their operations, and. as far as the' purchase of raw material goes, into' Queens land. It seems that they have sent informa tion to Warwick to the effect that they are prepared to buy any quantity of Wallaby skins at 10s per dozen. The mode of pre paring the skins is very simple, and can be done without any extra expense; and very little trouble by any person living on :a sta tion or farm. Messrs Alderson recommend that the skins be simply salted 'ahd folded up, similar to the mode of salting bullock' hides, but the skins must be cut or injured by shot.-Empire. . GREAT FIRE AT LYTTELTON, NEW ZEA LAND.--An extra edition of the' Gre. River, Argus, 25th Octobeir, publishes the follow Sing :-"Christchurch, October25. .A most disastrous fire occurred at Lyttelten, last night, raging for upwards of four hours. The entire block of buildings bounded by London-street, Oxford-street, Canterbury street and Norwich Quay was destroyed. Two-thirds of the town have been laid in ruins, and a large number of families ren dered houseless. The Christchurch steam. fire-engine was conveyed to Lyttelton by special train, and greatly assisted to stop the fire. All butchers and bakers' shops are destroyed, and food has to be sent from Christchurch this morning. The estimated loss is £100,000. The cause of the fire is unknown." The Chinese giant Chang, had male his "first appearance " before the Auckland public, at the City Hall. Chang, was "assisted" by his wife, a very young-looking Chinese woman. Both walked up and down a stall covered with curios, and conversed upon .various topics. Chang is apparently good-tempered, is well made, has magniflcent teeth, and converses freely with his audience; otherwise he does nothing. Kin Foo appears to be quite a tiny thing beside him She is an ordinary-sized woman nevertheless. In the evening they both appeared at the Prince of Wales Theatre So far as they were concerned, their seances, or whatever it may be termed, did not last long, as the3 merely walked across the stage two or three times. The house was crowded in every part, and the audience appeared'to be astonished aid delighted at .the gigantic Stoture.of the good looking Chinarmar. t AlrLcKY'Swi?-. On Saturdayy morA.. h last, the river' then being in a flood; and \- rolling in ar'impetuous torrent past the e briidge, young Mr Lupton, of Berrembed, i riding one horse and leading another, i pulled up at the toll-bar with the inten i1 tion of crossing. The tollkeeper infor mn ned him the'water was pouring over the g approach on the northern side, and that. the bridge could not safely be crossed, and would not allow him to pass. Mr o Lupton was, however,. very anxious to d ireturn to his station, and the bridge be ing closed to him he coolly rode down to the bank of. the.swollen river, and, stilt df '13estriding one .horse and leading the d other, plunged boldly in, before the alarxmed spectators were well aware of his i, intentions. Once in the water 'both horses o- stuck ,.splenididly, and .after a gallant e swim of fully two hundred yards landed. in safety;with their adventurous master e uponthbe opposite shore. The crossing leof a danngerously flooded river, in a cooler e' or more daring manner, has, we believe, been but seldofm attempted. : sa". DANGEROUS BALI' PRASTICE.-A. corres is jiotrdent writes :--" Will you call the atten.; tionr of theproper authorities to what might havebeen..a serious accident. .A shot fired s a little iifter 8 itm',, either from 'the Clio or S,.Galate'a passedi within'a few feet of the North \- Shre, steamer,,and so close that one of the ;o passengers ? was knocked from his feet by, I thel coneisiion," 'and others were much g, alarmied.'.-S.l..Herald. :?;. POPULATION or THE COLONY.--Thc fol-' l!owig'.g was the estimated population of the n' colony of New South. Wales on the.30th June, last :--Births during ..the half-year' r endedd30th' Junie, males, 4778; females, S4658 ftotal, 9436. Arrivals by sea;' 6937 ~, ales (including .14 OChinese); 2535 fe e males; total- 9472. Deaths during the same period, 2092'hiales'; 1379 females; i: ,totail 3471..- Departures by sea, 5113 males (incl~tdaing 194" Chinese); 2023 females; r total, 7136. I?crease during .the half-year e 'males, 4510; females, 8791 ; total, 8301. Estimated} population on 31st December, 1869, was, imales, 271,004:; females, :214,326; total, 485,330. Estimated po pulation on the 30th June last, male., g 275,61%4;,females, 218,117; total, 423,631. y MATE v. NUGENT.-The defendant in this case was dispossessed in August last of l,his conditionally purchased holding on Mr e Mate's run at Tarcutta, his legal claims to I the land having been successfully resisted in ''the law courts. Mr Nugent has resided ie pon and possessed the disputed land for several years, and the decision of the courts o against him,' and his subsequent eviction, though both, no doubt,.in strict accordance e with the law, were still considered as bearing' rather heavily upon him, and the result was n that a subscription in his favour was got up,. with a view of giving him, as a free-selector a start in life. A sum'of about £60? , mostly consisting of very small amounts, has now 'been made up, part 'of which has already been handed to Mr Nugent, and the re- ' mainder very shortly will be-W.W.Express. " A QUESTION OF GUARDIANSHIP.-A sin gular question of guardianship was deter e mined, yesterday, by Mr Justice Hargrave, in; Chambers. A Mrs Eliza Grainger, of Ulmarra, Clarence River, gave birth--on the 28th of August, 1858--to an illegitimate daughter. This was before her marraige to Grainger. The daughter, whose name was said to be Emily Alice Little, was committed a to'the charge of one Neaves, with whom she resided ten years, and who, it was stated, was paid for his care of her. Mrs Neaves having died, the girl was transferred by Mr Neaves to Mr Charles Samsett, a freeholder and farmer, of Blacktown. Recently, Mrs Grainger, with the consent of her husland, desired to have her daughter sent to her, but Mr Samsett was not willing, it would seem, to give the girl up. An order was given by Mrs Grainger, for the delivery of the girl to Mrs Mary Theresa Fitzsimmons, wife of Mr Thomas P. Fitzsimmons, of Blacktown, publican; Mrs Fitzsimmons being the mo ther of Mrs Grainger, and, consequently the grandmother of the girl. Samsett, having refused to "honour" the order, was compel led, by habeas corpes, to bring the girl beford Mr Justice Hargrave yesterday, to show cause for his detention of her. He assigned as his reason for such detention, his reception of the girl from Neaves. He also declared his willingness and ability to bring up and educate the girl respectably, and produced a certificate of his fitness, &ce.;, signed by all his neighbours. Mr Roberts for the appli- cant, contended that the mother of the girl was entitled to the care of her child, and adduced various arguments in support of this position. His Honour, however, with out calling on Mr Greer, who appeared on the other side, or without looking at the be fore mentioned certificate of Samsett's fitness in his neighbours' opinion; for the guardian. ship, speedily settled the matter by a refer ence to the girl herself. By a few questions put to her in a kind and quiet tone he elicited a statement of the nature of her everyday life, together with an inti mation that she did not know her mother, and that, being very comfortable where she was, she had no desire to change. His Honour thereupon dismissed the application leaving the girl in charge of Samsett as the guardian chosen by herself. He pointedoat that the mother of an illegitimate child was only entitled to demand the child for the purposes of nurture, until the age of seven years had been attained. At the age of twelve in the case of a female, and of four teen in that of a male, the child became en titled to consent to marriage, or, when guardianship was the question, to choose his or her guardian. The learned Judge cited authorities for this ruling, and, in returning the girl to the charge of Samsett as the guardian chosen by herself, told her that if she ever had anything to complain of, her proper course would be toto apply to hiti~spel (the Judge) for redress. 