LAYrNG THE FOUNDATION STONU OF CHRISTCKUltCH, STRATHALBYN. For some time past services in connection with Ihe Church of rug 'and in Sirnihaibyn have been held at the Court- House, but latterly the number of m«?mbe»-s having increcs-d, it was thought advisable to m&ke; some trj'«» t to obtain a church, aud a Com mittee was foimcd to take the preliminary steps towards tbe accomplisLroent o! tbat object. The Committee hnvirg wosked with a v?ili, arrange ments were so far advanced aa to admit of the foundation stone Icing fold, which ceremony was perfoimed on Friday lest bv Laov Edi*h Fcrgusson in ihe presence of a large number of spectators. The portion of land on wheh the church ?s to be erected, and for which the Committee aa:d members of the church are irdebted lo the kindness of Mr Archibald McLean, is situaicd on ibe eastern Mde of Murray street and at i be i-rid cf Chapel-Ftrec-t, and being on high ground is Jr; » cspila) p-siiior- for the church. - The p'ana of tl e projosed building have a very i;eat appearance, and tlie portioa of the building which it is at fiist intended to erect is the nave, which is of sufficient s;ze t«» ao'''tiinoi:ite ahont 200 persons. The transept, and chancel will bo added at some future time, aiid at present tLe tower is only to be erected as far as the roof. Tiie interior, when finished, will have a neat and eiegaut appearance. The substantial foundations liav«j b-.-en put in in an expeditious manner by Mr K. C Trenouth. At altout 1 oN lock on Friday the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, accompanied by Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryatt, and the Revs. Clavfieid, Brown, and Taplin, arrived in Strathslbyn, and soon alter His Kxcellencv Sir James Fergusson, Lady Edith Fergussoii, and Mr Moms 'aide-de-camp), arrived f;otn \Vo.)dh--use, ar.d proceeded to Mr T. O'Hallo ran's residence, where they were eu-ertained. The wearhcr was nor. po suitable on the occasion as could have been wished, as a Htrong southerly breeze made the dust dy About in a rather uncomfortable thanner; but notwitlistanding tbis drawback a large number tif persous found their way to the place, and by the tii-:e ti;e cwremuny was commenced there w»:ve st-vei'fll htuidrtds present. On the ground ev«;ry picparatx-u Jjad bi-en made ior the event, and a (8rt;e»ri;rct u io windward served to proujct thos ej-g:igi?d in the ceren.ony fiom the ratLer Culd wind »)?*?; tiie dust. t?.fei»rtly af itr 3 ti'ciock the vice-regal pnrty arrived on the ground, and were received by ihe iiord Bishop, wlio then commenced the usual service apn jmed for such occabious, and the first nortinn havis-g been o.-jichi.ded. Mr W. Fisher stated that the bottle intended to be piKced i.nderncatli ti'.e stone contuit'ed several coius of the realm, also copies of the Southern Argus of the 19ch and Reytite ? and Advertiser of the 25th FiJjriitti-y. as wvll as t»,« iulovriiig wiuten ou yUttsii tntn1 — '* The foundation stone of Ohristehurch, Straihalbyn, was laid by Lndy EAuh. F^ijyu-- soii on the. 25th day of February, 1S70. b^ing the 33rd year of thu reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, tlie Right Honi-rsbk- Sir James Ferga^son, Bart , being G'ivenior-iu Chief of the province of South Australia ; and the Kight B-.-vercnd Augustus Short, D.D , Bishop of the diocese : the trustees being Messrs H. F«rgusi-u, F. MiUsr, aud H. Prince ; architects, Messrs iinglish and Kees. Dr H. Ferguson then stepped forward and pre sented Lady j-^dJih with & very handsome silver trowel, which was rxactly sinstlar in design to that presented to H.E H. the Duke of Edinburgh on the occasion of bis laying the foundation stone of the i'rince Alfred College, and bore the following inscription — ' Presented to Lady Edith Fersnsson on her layii g i:ie foUudatiun so e of Cinistckurch, Stratlialbvr.. 25ib February, 1S70 .' Lady Kditli having accepted the trowel, the cere mony of laying the stone wan performed, and the Bishop, on behalf of her Ladyship, said, ?' In the faith of Jesus Christ we place thin loui.d.uiou stone in ihe name of G-id the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost.' The remaining portion of the service was then proceeded with, the Bishop reading the various prayers, and the church choir, uiider the direction of Mr'W. Fisher (who presided at the harmonium), suns the various hymns a d responses... Tbe Bishop -ben~ delivered an address', and in tbe first place spoke of tlie spiritual iioer'y which it was their happiness to enjoy in the present era, and remarked ihat aii evideuce of that liberty existed in the fact that the gentleman who had piesented the land oa which they were about t-- build a church was a member of the Presbyterian Church. He then alluded to tbe groat desirability of psomoting a feel ing «-f unity and harmony amongst all) Christians, so «s to tend tj the accomplishment of their common 'l.ject. J!e tendered to Lady Edith the sincere thanks of tlie office-bearers of tbe church for the honor she had done then;, and he concluded his remarks with n reference to the fcc^tcb residents of the nei}-l ?bi-.rhond, an i spoke of tbe instances they iiad airionsrs: the:n on thai «eca-,i-n of the energy and perseverance displayed by Scoii;.*j« sans. l'eau JJusstll tb'.'n made a fc-.w remai ks of a con - grataiatory tiat.ar-; a? to what b^id been done that day, and spoke of his having he-Id service in the old Pri'ni'ivo Meh idift Ci-«pei pome 14 yeais »go, and said he was ^lad to see tlie cause in such a flourish - tog condition. He then uiged a;ion all tiie neces sity for a feeling of charity amo-igst aTl Christians. The hyn'ii '? AbiOe wi-'b me' having tieeu e-ung tbe proceeding's t- rminated with tbe Bishop pro- ' iicuncing 'he JJsned.ct'oi. At flie Cii.c!usi(j'i of the al- rjv-; pr^cf.ef|:ngs. an adjournntcnt w«s rnnde to -hc Primitive Methodist Chaps!, in which, througli the kiiidness nf ibe Uev. VV. Jt'.kin, tl-.e ladies of the congregation had breis era'.i'.ed to Icy out an ahrvL-tnt supply of ts;a. cake, iiruit, and ot?«?r art teles usunllv fonnd at a. tea meet ing. Ab.su* 80 persons partook of the good things wovif'oj?. In the ?cveijiue a soecial service was heKl in the Court-House by die liir-iiop, wliich pras tb.irnughlv !.-r-)\v(i',d --u t!:e orcasutii. His Lordship was ^s4!--«--i :r '.Vo service by the Revs. W. A. Ctayfield, il. l-!--A-ti, aii-J C G. T*j%i-n. An excellent dis (..ur.^ftV.jn 'he U*u, 12th, and 13th verses of the ' ? - I 2nd chapter of Titus was delivered by His Lordship, j who also baptised several young persons. ; The p-- ceedings were throughout of a 'most suc i cestful character. The' collection made on the I gr. und amounted to £23 3s 8d, and the proceeds of the tea and collection in the evening brougtt np the total amount to £32 2*. 