THE EUREKA STOCKADE. Ballarat has not been famous alone for its golden wealth. It has historical fame also, as the site of the collision, in the year 1854, be- tween the Queen's troops and armed diggers at the Eureka Stockade. All the gold-fields of Victoria were moved by discontent under grievances, both legislative and administrative, during the period anterior to the affair at the Eureka; but the resistance to the authorities culminated at Ballarat. The general grievances were heightened there by some particular in- cidents. These were, in effect, but the occa- sion under the impulse of which a section of the mining population sought violently to en- force complaints which derived their gravity from other causes. All the grievances after- wards redressed would have been redressed without the bloodshed at the Eureka Stockade; but that tragical event intensified the momen- tum of the crisis. It exemplified the rashness of a few diggers, and the greater blunders of the Government, but it also expedited the reforms which were eagerly desired by the whole popu- lation. If the armed insurgents who were attacked by the soldiers on the memorable Sun- day morning in December, 1854, were wanting in the calm sagacity which has always won reform under English rule, they were for the most part not wanting in personal courage, and the result of their policy, as we have intimated, did certainly hasten the coming of those re- forms whose fruits the whole colony now en- joys. For all this, then, let the gold-fields men who fell at the Stockade be honored. They stood up, with their lives in their hands, for freedom; and in that we may well forget the mistakes they committed, and the follies they purposed. Of the soldiers who fell, their record is in the roll of the army whose tradi- tions are a history of which the race is proud. At the root of all the troubles that led to the Eureka Stockade, lay the old tyranny of taxation without representation. When the gold discovery occurred, Victoria had not long been created an independent colony. It had become independent then only in the sense of separation from New South Wales, and in having a Lieutenant-Governor and a Parlia- ment of its own. But that Parliament was not representative in more than a small degree. It was a single House, and largely composed of nominees of the Crown, the balance of members representing constituencies in which the masses, gathered and increasing on the gold-fields, had, not simply not a voice potential, but absolutely no voice at all. This was an injustice that was attended with more than the usual dangers that accompany wrong. The gold-fields inhabitants being outside the mystic circle of governing power were placed, ab initio, in an attitude of hostility to the constituted authorities. An unnatural separa- tion was, so to speak, created by the law be- tween the majority of the people and the Crown; and to give intensity to the danger, the people here were for the most part su- perior in mental and bodily capacities to the average capacities of their fellow countrymen whom they had left in their fatherlands. The courage and adventure which had made them emigrants, and the physical strength which had enabled them to weather the rude elements of early gold-fields life, were qualities which made them valuable as freemen, but dangrerous as slaves. They were not the men tamely to brook the voiceless poverty of political power which marked the ante-Eureka Stockade era; and when to the absence of representation were added the insolence of gold-fields officials, the indignities of quasi martial regulations, and dark suspicions of corruption, the ele- ments of disorder rapidly grew more and more menacing to the public peace, until, at last, it needed only the proverbial want of tact in official routine to permit the recurrence of irri- tations that fell like sparks upon prepared combustibles. Then a flame burst out that was partially quenched in blood, the black dis- order of the conllagration being cleared away only by that reform of grievances which has given to us what we now possess. When the European gold hunter arrived in Victoria, just after the gold discovery, he no sooner found himself upon the gold-fields than he was unpleasantly brought into contact with a Government in the construction of which, and in the direction of whose policy, he had no more voice than the naked aborigine he saw prowling about the bush. Before he could legally put pick or shovel into the ground, the digger had to pay a heavy monthly tax, levied upon him by a Government and Parliament in which he was not represented. At first for thirty shillings, then for sixty shillings, and then again for thirty shillings per month, the digger obtained a license in this form:— GOLD LICENSE. No. 185 . The bearer , having paid to me the sum of on account of the territorial revenue, I hereby license him to dig, search for. and remove gold on and from any such Crown lands within the as I shall assign to him for that purpose during the month of 185 . This license must be produced whenever demanded by me or any other person acting under the authority of the Govern- ment. (Signed) A.B., Commissioner. Here we have the symbol of the grievances that roused the gold-fields population. There was a heavy tax levied monthly by a non- representative executive; that tax was often oppressive in itself and unequal in its inci- dence, and it was often collected in so insolent a manner, that its unpopularity became a thousandfold greater. Englishmen, free from crime, were at the mercy of what in those days was a demoralised and ruffianly police, who treated the diggers like felons, and were too often abetted by their superiors in this treatment of men thus practically deprived of two centuries of political progress. To these causes of irritation were added suspicions of cor- ruption in the administration of the common law on the Ballarat gold- field, and this it was, as will presently appear, that precipitated the events which ended in the collision between the Queen's troops and the armed insurgents. Begun at Bendigo in 1853, the agitation against the gold-fields license tax, and for re- presentation in Parliament, was quickly taken up in Ballarat, and was there pushed forward with more eventful incident to a more tragic conclusion. The outbreak was not that of a stupid, stolid, ignorant peasantry in arms against hay stacks and thrashing machines, but of a free-spirited, intelligent people, goaded to resistance by intolerable wrong, and guided — at all events during a portion of the period — by men of education and character among them selves, aided by a provincial Press created and sustained for the most part by men also from among their own ranks. When commissioners, magistrates, and troopers had got used to treat the diggers as people to be taxed and harried at pleasure, the offensive method of carrying out the obnoxious license law had grown so irksome that a reform of the 'whole system was irresistibly pressed upon the population. A Reform League was formed for the. redress of grievances, and all the gold- fields supported the organisation. Towards the middle of the year 1854, his Excellency Sir Charles Hotham and Lady Hotham visited Ballarat, and, in spite of the existing grievances, they were loyally received. It may be that his Excel- lency and his Melbourne advisers were, led thereby to misconstrue the mind of the gold- fields population, and to think that all the Camp officials, instead of a very small mi- nority only, were proper men properly en- forcing the law. Be that as it may, the Go- vernment not only maintained the law, but sought to enforce it with greater rigor. In October, 1854, the Government sent up an order that the police should go out two days a week hunting for unlicensed diggers. At that time there were four commissioners at Ballarat, between whom the field was parcelled out in four divisions; but the boundaries being ill-defined, the police often hunted over the same ground twice, and thus the rudeness which too often marked the process of license-fee collection was often repeated over and over again upon the same man in the same day. While reform leagues and committees were organising during the years 1853 and 1854, the population educated itself to a certain degree in the discussion of grievances, and men came to the front as popular leaders, some of whom remain to this day in public life, as Messrs Humffray and Lalor, at present mem- bers of the Legislative Assembly. Others there were who, more gifted in committee than upon the public platform, quietly and effec- tively aided the reform movement, but never rose or sought to rise to the more prominent elevation of public celebrity. Many of these, also, remain with us to this day. " Digger hunting," as the collection of the license fee was called by the men on the gold-fields, con- tinued incessantly, accompanied with frequent instances of official tyranny. Informers were employed by the authorities, and some of those men were mere creatures of the higher officials, and had histories that helped from the first to forbid confidence. The tide of irritation and discontent rose higher and higher, and the more excited of the population began to collect arms, to form leagues of their different nation- alities, and to discuss the probabilities of open insurrection and a declaration of revolt from British rule. At length, in the latter half of the year 1854, a digger named James Scobie was killed in a scuffle at the Eureka hotel, on Specimen Hill (now Eureka street), kept by one Bentley, who was considered by the diggers to be a participator in Scobie's murder. Bentley was arrested and brought before a bench presided over by Mr Dewes, the police magistrate, who acquitted him. There were a few thoughtful men sitting in the court at the time, who saw the gravity of what they felt to be a glaring miscarriage of justice. One of them — Mr J. Russell Thomson — nar- rowly escaped committal for daring to urge that Bentley's was a case which should be sent to a jury. This acquittal aroused the population more than any single ofiicial act since the gold discovery, for the general belief was that Bentley was guilty, and that the police magistrate corruptly urged the ac- quittal because he was under pecuniary obli- gations to the prisoner. This opinion as to Dewes' embarrassments with Bentley is still held. Dewes fell before the popular storm, went to British Columbia, where he justified Victorian condemnation by committing em- bezzlement, and he ended his life by suicide in Paris. The exasperation caused by Bentley's acquittal gave a vigorous impetus to the agita- tions for reform. Mr J. R. Thomson and others took steps for the collection of money to defray the cost of a further prosecution of Bentley, and so warmly did the public respond that £200 were gathered in a very short time in Ballarat alone, when the collections were stopped, as the government, in the meantime, moved in the business and offered rewards for the apprehension of Scobie's murderers. The treasurer of the moneys collected, Mr John W. Gray, returned the moneys, after payment of some charges, and thus that expression of indignation at wrong done was ended. The other goldfields ardently joined in the feeling prevalent here. In Ballarat meetings were held on Sundays as well as on other days, and on Saturday, 11th November, 1855, thousands of men gathered, and flags and bands of music lent ominous life to the assemblage. The leaders were in favor of moral force and a purely constitutional agitation; but there were more fiery spirits than they. One of these, on another occasion — a compatriot of Scobie's — harangued the crowd, and said the spirit of the murdered Scobie was hovering over them and yearning for revenge. The occasion referred to was a meeting held near Bentley's hotel on the 17th October, when the arrival of the police and military, and some injudicious acts by a few bystanders, led to a collision with the police, the reading of the Riot Act, and the burning of the hotel. Some of the diggers were arrested, and one was rescued on the way to the Camp. Milne, Sergeant-Major of police, was regarded as the right hand of the officials in that business. A meeting on Bakery Hill had adopted resolutions demanding the release of the prisoners, the dismissal of Milne, and affirm- ing the right of the people to full re- presentation, manhood suffrage, no property qualification of members, payment of mem- bers, short Parliaments, abolition of the gold-fields commission and the diggers and storekeepers license fees. Messrs Hayes, Humffray, Holyoake, Alfred Black, Vern, Burke, Kennedy, and others were the speakers, and Hayes was in the chair. There had been a commission of enquiry into the Bentley hotel affair. The commissioners were Captain Sturt, Dr. M'Crea, and the magistrate Dewes, and they had closed their sittings on the day before the Bakery Hill meeting. That commission was looked on with mistrust by the diggers because of Dewes, whom, moreover, the Colonial Secretary, Mr Foster, had dismissed, or sus- pended, as a sop to the enraged population. The commissioners went to Melbourne with their report. In December the trial of Westerby, M'Intyre, and Fletcher, the prisoners arrested for the burning of Bentley's hotel, was to take place in Melbourne, to which place the venue had been changed. Mr Humffray prepared the briefs for their advocate. Bentley had also, in the interim, been re-arrested for the murder of Scobie, and had, with some associates in the affray that ended in Scobie's death, been con- victed. They were sentenced to three years on the roads. The original acquittal was attribu- ted mainly to the medical evidence of Dr Carr, who was regarded as a colluding associate of both Dewes and Bentley. The trial of the incendiaries ended in a conviction, and M'lntyre was sentenced to three, Fletcher to four, and Westerby to six months' imprisonment. The jury had recommended them to mercy, and, amid the applause of the bystanders in the crowded court, declared their belief that the outrage had been provoked by the improper conduct of the Ballarat officials. As to those officials, however, it must be stated that, be- sides Dewes, there were Messrs Johnstone and Rede on the bench when Bentley was ex- amined, but Johnstone not only voted for the committal of the prisoner, but forwarded copies of the depositions to the Attorney-General. As soon as the conviction of Fletcher, M'Intyre, and Westerby was known in Ballarat, the Reform League sent Messrs Kennedy and George Black to Melbourne to "demand" the release of the prisoners. Black was then editor of the Diggers Advocate, and wrote vigorously for the popular cause. Kennedy was a man of rough, but moving eloquence. It was he who, at the meeting that ended in the burning of Bentley's hotel, declared that the murdered man's ghost was there yearning for revenge. As Saint Buonaparte, with pious fervor, proclaimed an alliance between divine providence and heavy battalions, so Kennedy, at one of the meetings of diggers, declared his preference of physical over moral force by reciting the rugged but vigorous couplet "Moral persuasion is all a humbug, Nothing convinces like a lick in the lug!" They reached Melbourne on the 25th Novem- ber, Mr Humfray, the secretary of the League, having, on the 23rd, been introduced by Mr Fawkner, M.L.C., to the Governor, who had intimated that if a proper memorial were sent to the Government, the prisoners might be released. The League secretary disapproved of the intemperate "demand" brought down by the delegates.' The Sunday was at hand, and the secretary and the delegates, and Mr Ebenezer Syme, then of the Argus, and after- wards of the Age, spent part of the day dis- cussing the position. Meanwhile, rumors of an arrest of the delegates got current, the diggers at Ballarat resolved on a monster meeting, and the Camp officials sent despatches for more troops. On Monday, the 27th No- vember, the delegates and Mr Humffray waited on Sir Charles Hotham, the Governor, who was attended by the Attorney-General, Mr (now Sir William) Stawell, and the Colo- nial Secretary, Mr Foster. The "demand" was refused, but reforms were promised, and wero said to be already begun. It is worthy of record that in the course of the interview the delegates spoke of the mode of alienating the Crown lands as being inimical to the inter- ests of the poor man. Thus early had begun our not yet ended troubles in land administra- tion. The excitement in Ballarat now grew intenser, and the towns on the seaboard were alarmed with rumors of insurrection. On the eve of the 28th, Mr Tarleton, the American consul, was feted at a banquet in Ballarat, and while the dinner was going on soldiers were arriving from Melbourne, and a collision had taken place between the soldiers, troopers, and diggers. All that night the diggers were busy preparing arms and ammunition, the com- mittee of the League sat night and day, the Camp bristled with sentries and an eventful morrow was looked for. Un the Legislative Council, the Colonial Secretary, Mr Foster, in reply to a question from Mr Fawkner, did not appear to have rea- lised the gravity of the crisis, and the Argus of that day compared the Secretary to Nero fiddling while Rome was burning. Foster was about the best abused man of the day, and he had eventually to leave office before the storm of popular indignation. Sir Charles Hotham, the Governor, too, died soon afterwards, and his death was attributed to the harassing anxieties which accompanied the crisis. He is the only Victorian Governor who has yet died while in office here. His remains were buried in Melbourne. Reinforcements of horse and foot police were concentrated about this time at the Camp from the neighboring diggings, together with de- tachments of the 12th and 40th Regiments of the Line. On the 28th November the police were pelted, and the military, entering from Melbourne by the Eureka, were attacked by the diggers. The party in charge of the baggage was for a time cut off, and some of the waggons were overturned and rifled by the diggers in hope of finding fire-arms. In this, however, they were disappointed. Several soldiers were wounded and a drummer boy was shot in the thigh. The diggers followed the troops to the vicinity of the Camp, when the mounted police made a sortie, wounded several men, and drove back the crowd, the troops entering quarters in a panic-stricken and ex- hausted state at eleven o'clock at night. All night long the diggers kept fires burning, and made the night hideous with discharges of fire arms and other noises. Tile military encamp- ment was on the slope afterwards known as Soldiers' Hill, now forming part of the north- ward of the Borough of Ballarat. The attack upon the troops took place in the Warrenheip gully, within a few hundred yards of the spot where, a day or two later, the insurgent diggers erected their stockade. The onslaught upon the troops appears to have been unprovoked and savage, and it excited general disgust in the minds of the colonists everywhere out of Ballarat. At Ballarat, also, the largest portion of the inhabitants regarded the affair as alike inopportune and disgraceful. Indeed, the re- cognised leaders of the reform movement up to that time appear to have known nothing of the collision until it was actually over. A monster meeting was called by the League for the 29th November, on Bakery Hill, at which some thousands were existed from Creswick, besides delegates from all the other gold-fields. For the movement had now be- come general, and emissaries had been sent all over the colony to enlist sympathy, procure help, and, in fact, make the rising national if not revolutionary. At this meeting. Mr Humffray and the delegates Black and Ken- nedy gave in their report of the conference with the Governor. Some 12,000 men were present. A platform was erected, and on a flagstaff was hung the insurgent flag — the Southern Cross. The flag was of silk, with a blue, ground, on which, in silver, the four principal stars of the constellation of the Southern Cross were shown. Mr Hayes was again the chairman, and the site of the meeting was on and adjoining the area now occupied by Victoria street, between East and Hiimffray streets. Besides the com- mittee of the League and the delegates, there were reporters on the platform, and two Roman Catholic priests — the Rev. Fathers Downing and Smyth. The Catholic bishop had also come to Ballarat to help to maintain peace. The delegates spoke, and Mr Humffray, who still counselled moral force only, was denounced as a trimmer. He was also denounced for having waited upon the Government without authority from the League. A person named Fraser, among the crowd, also advised consti- tutional action, " and," says the Ballarat Times, "were it not for the influence of the chairman and his numerous supporters, the man would have been torn limb from limb by the infuriated people." How the people felt, and what they did and resolved to do, will best be gathered from the following resolutions, which were adopted unanimously, although the Rev. Mr Downing proposed an amendment against the burning of the licenses :— Proposed by Mr Reynolds, seconded by Mr Weekes—" 1. That this meeting views with the hottest indignation the during calumny of his Honor the Acting Chief Justice, while on the bench, of the brave and struggling sufferers of Clare, Tipperary, Bristol, and other districts on their endeavors to assert their legitimate rights; and do hereby give the most unmitigated and the most emphatic denial to the assertions of his Honor in stigmatising as riots the persevering and indomitable struggles for freedom of the brave people of England and Ireland for the last eighty years." Proposed by Mr Lalor, seconded by Mr Brady—"2. That a meeting of the members of the Reform League be called at the Adelphi Theatre next Sunday, at. 1 p.m., to elect a central committee, and that each fifty members of the League have power to elect one member for the central committee." Proposed by Mr Frederick Vern, seconded by Mr Quin— "1. That this meeting, being convinced that the obnoxious license-fee is an imposition and an unjustifiable tax on free labor, pledges itself to take immediate steps to abolish the same, by at once burning all their licenses. That in the event of any party being arrested for having no licenses, that the united people will, under all circumstances, defend and pro- tect them." Proposed by Mr G. Black, seconded by Mr Whatley—"4. That as the diggers have determined to pay no more licenses, it is necessary for them to be prepared for the contingency; as it would be utterly inconsistent, after refusing to pay a license, to call in a Commissioner for the adjustment of such disputes, and this meeting resolves whenever any party or parties have a dispute, the parties so disputing shall each appoint one man. The two men thus appointed to call in a third, and these three to decide the case finally." Proposed by Mr Murnane, seconded by Mr Ross—"5. That this meeting will not feel bound to protect any man after the 15th December who shall not be a member of the League by that day." Proposed by Mr Humffray, seconded by Mr Kennedy—"(6. That this meeting protests against the common practice of bodies of military marching into a peaceable district with fixed bayonets, and also any force, police or otherwise, firing on the people, under any circumstances, without the previous reading of the Riot Act, and that if Government officials continue to act thus unconstitutionally, we cannot be responsible for similar or worse deeds from the people." Bonfires were made of licenses, guns and revolvers were discharged, and League-tickets of membership were issued to the crowd. Troops were under arms in the gully beneath the Camp all the time in readiness for an out- break. With incredible want of prudence the autho- rities chose this juncture for a more irritating display than usual of the so-long condemned practice of "digger hunting." On the 30th of November the last raid of this kind in Vic- toria occurred, under the direction of Commis- sioners Rede and Johnstone, and the authorities by that act destroyed the remaining influence of the friends of moral force action among the diggers. The police, supported by the whole military force available, with skirmishers in advance and cavalry on the flanks, forced on the flat south of the Camp and advanced upon the Gravel Pits, as the Bakery Hill diggings were called. This cleared the swarming crowd of diggers collected there, the diggers retiring as the troops advanced. At certain parts of the Main road, however, the diggers made a stand, and received the troops with a running fire of stones and occasional gun-shots. The troops took some prisoners and returned to Camp, and soon after that the Southern flag was again hoisted on Bakery Hill; the diggers knelt around the flag, swore mutual defence, implored the help of God, and then began to drill. New leaders came to the front, as the advocates of moral force were discomfited by the authorities and the more turbulent insur- gents. Peter Lalor, a native of Queen's County, Ireland, and son of the late member of the House of Commons for the same county, be- came "commander-in-chief" of the insurgents, and issued warrants and manifestos. A fiery- spirited Italian, named Carboni Raffaello, was another who then acquired prominence. He afterwards wrote a quaint polyglottic book, entitled "The Eureka Stockade; The Consequence of some Privates Wanting on Quarter-deck a Rebellion." As soon as the news of these events reached Melbourne, the Government sent up all the remaining available troops, with marines, men- of-warsmen, horse and foot police, four field- pieces, and a number of baggage and ammuni- tion waggons. Lieut.-Colonel Valiant, and subsequently Sir Robert Nickle (Commander- in-Chief of the Forces), and Colonel Mac... Adjutant-General, proceeded to Ballarat in command of the troops. The diggers who drilled under their commander-in-chief, meant many of them at least, nothing less than revo- lution and a republic. Lalor had a "minister of war," named Alfred Black, who, or his brother, had drawn up a Declaration of Inde- pendence. This was drawn up in a store, kept by one Shannahan, Black, Vern, M'Gill Raffaelo, Curtin, Lessmann, Kenworthy and others being present. Black was subse- quently killed while working as a quartz miner. "Orders of war" were issued by Lalor for arms, ammunition, and impressment, and he sent out picquets to enforce them, and prevent their being made a cover for robbery. One of the foragers' receipts for a military levy reads is follows:—"Received from the Ballarat Store 1 Pistol, for the Conitee X. Hugh M'G'arty— Hurra for the people." Another :—"The Reform Lege Comete—-1 Drenks, fower chil- lings; -i Pies for fower of thee Height watch patriots.—X P." The night-watch patriots were some of the insurgents told off to patrol the diggings, for now there was, de facto civil war. The Government authorities were in a fortified camp on the western plateau and the insurgents were organising, and fortifying on the eastern grounds. On the 1st Decem- ber," says a Government officer then in the Camp, "the Government took final measures to meet assault. Every Government employee was armed and told off to his post, and sen- tinels and videttes were placed at several points. The principal buildings of the Camp, including the present Mining Board-room, in Camp- street, were fortified with breastworks of fire- wood, trusses of hay, and bags of corn from the commissariat stores, and the women and children were sent for security into the store, which was walled with thick slabs, and ac- counted bullet-proof. A violent storm of rain, with thunder, commenced as these arrange- ments were completed, and the mounted police spent the night standing or lying by their horses, armed, and horses saddled ready for instant action, and soaked through with the rain. At 4 a.m. on the 2nd December the whole garrison was under arms, and soon after daylight a demonstration in force was made towards Bakery Hill without opposition. We heard to-day that the insurgents were visiting the outlying stores and demanding arms. Bodies of men are seen drilling near the Red Hill. No work is now carried on throughout the entire diggings, and every place of business is closed. A mounted trooper from Melbourne with despatches was fired at near the Eureka line, where, through the information of spies, it is known that a stockade is being erected." To this pass had the gold discovery, "digger hunting," and irresponsible government brought the place where less than four years before there was nothing but pastoral silence and solitude. The Eureka Stockade was at first intended more as a screen behind which the diggers might drill than as a fortification. It was an area of about an acre, rudely enclosed with slabs, and situated at the point where the Eureka Lead took its bend by the old Mel- bourne road, now called Eureka street. In tlie picture accompanying this narrative the middle of a line drawn from Mount Warren heip, in the centre background, to the chimney from which smoke is issuing on the right of Sturt street, would indicate very nearly the site of the Stockade. The site lay about midway between what are now Stawell and Queen streets on the east and west, and close to Eureka street on the south. To preserve the site from alienation to private hands, and to help to keep alive the memory of the spot the borough council of Ballarat East has it in contemplation to enclose the ground as a public reserve. At the time of the fight the lead had not then been traced so far, but the "shepherds" were therewith their shallow pity and one or two claims were sinking. The Stockade included some of those holes, as well as some diggers' tents, where the sta[ff] and other officers and men of the insurgent force had their quarters. Pikes were forged in the Stockade, and arms and ammunition had been largely collected.' A company of rifle- men and a company of pikemen were formed, and Peter Lalor was almost unanimously chosen chief, though Frederick Vern was very desirous of that distinction. The mass of the diggers did not support this armed resistance, but friends, and, it is said, enemies also, dropped into the Stockade at all hours of the day and night of Saturday the 2nd of Decem- ber. Friendly butchers brought cart-loads of beef to the rendezvous, and Lalor's men i'f about the fires cooking, burnishing arms, or engaged in other warlike business. Lalor ga[ve] "Vinegar Hill" as the night's pass-word, but neither he nor his adherents expected that the fatal action of Sunday was coming, and so[me] of his followers, incited by the sinister om® , of the pass-word, abandoned that night they saw was a badly organised and not v[ery] hopeful movement. Father Smyth and Mes[srs] Humffay and George Black were in t[he] Stockade during the Saturday, and heard a project made to assault the Camp, it bei[ng] declared that 2000 diggers could be go for purpose, and the Camp easily taken. Tfe three persons just mentioned did irli.it tl)? could to dissuade from the proposed attack ca the Camp, and so left the Stockade., All day Carl Lessman was out, by Lalor's billed in quest of a horde of vagabonds who [were] using the name of Lalor's "minister of w3t E as a cover to thievish raids upon storekeepers and others. Lessman's and other outpo^' g night videttes were off duty just before (hi If break on the 3rd, no attack being anticipated but Lalor, Vern, M'Gill and other leaders WV g there. We will now let the Government speak again from the Government Camp:— " Before day light on the 3rd December a ... consisting of 267 men of all arms, including a strong body of cavalry, mustered quietly left camp with the purpose of attacking the Stockade. At early dawn they reached [the] neighborhood of the position sought, and advanced files were fired at by a sen[try] posted in advance of the Stockade. Theor< to attack was now given, and the deachment of the 40th Regiment, led by Captain ... the chief officer in command, made a ... advance upon the double breastwork w[hich] formed the stronghold of the insurgency. After several vollies had been fired 011 sides, the barrier of ropes, slabs, and 0''. turned carts was crossed, and the tIcfcB( t driven out, .or into the shallow holes [with] which the place was spotted, and i" ®'' j f many were put to death in the first l'11 conflict, either by bullets or by bayonet thrust. The foot police were lirst over the k'tr'K'^.. f and one, climbing the flagstaff under .... fire, secured the rebel flag. After burning the tents within the enclosure, and in the im- mediate vicinity, the troops returned to ... and carts were sent out for the dead and wounded. The latter thus obtained medical aid. They were covered with blood and were mostly shot in the breast. The num- ber of insurgents killed is estimated at from thirty-five to forty, and many of those brought in wounded afterwards died. Of the troops, three privates were killed, and several wounded, one of whom died. Two officers were wounded, and one, Captain Wyse, died. Among the arms taken in the fight were pikes of a rude construction, made on the spot, and furnished with a sort of hooked knife to cut the bridles of the cavalry. The dead were buried the same day in the cemetery. The bodies of the insurgents, placed in rough coffins made hurriedly, were laid in a separate grave, the burial service being performed by the clergymen to wliose congregation they be- longed. At night we were again under arms, as constant rumors of an intended attack kept us on the alert. This is exhausting work, and a severe trial, especially for the military, as the men have had no rest for several nights. Indeed, no one within the lines has undressed for the last four nights at the very least. 4th December.—The funerals of several of those who fell at the Stockade and were removed by their friends, took place to-day. They were attended by several hundred men who marched three abreast up the Main road and past the Camp, during which the garrison was under arms. 7 p.m.—A number of insur- gents, favored by a clouded moon, crept up under cover of the nearest tents beyond the palisade, and fired from several points upon the sentinels. This caused a sudden alarm, every one flew to his post, and a general discharge took place, resulting, as I believe, in the death of a woman and child in one of the tents, and in the wounding of three men on the road adjoining, who unfortunately happened to be passing at the time. One of these was brought in from the road in front of the mess-house (now Mining Board-room), and died a few days after, 5th December.—This afternoon, to our great joy, the advance guard of the relief from Melbourne, commanded by Major-General Sir Robert Nickle was seen defiling from the ranges, and soon after, the whole body, es- corted by squadrons of cavalry, and accompa- nied by a seemingly endless string of baggage waggons traversed the diggings, and piled arms within the lines. This force consists of 800 men, together with a large party of sailors from H.M.S. Electra, and four field pieces. 6th December.—-The district is placed under martial law, and in obedience to a General Order, the inhabitants have brought in a large quantity of fire-arms. 9th December. — The General attended to-day at a tent specially erected on the flat below the Camp, to swear in special constables; but with, as I believe, one solitary exception, no one came forward to support the Government, and the object failed. Nevertheless, the handful of persons assembled heartily cheered for the British army. This was the period of the. siege of Sebastopol, the false rumor of the capture of which had just arrived. 22nd December.— Captain Wyse was buried this day with military honors. Since the time when his death became known, many flags throughout the diggings were lowered half-mast, out of respect to this officer, who had been stationed here previously, in command of the enrolled pensioners, and was a general favorite with the people. 2nd January. — A soldier, who was shot in the face, died this morning. All further apprehension of an outbreak having ceased, the Major- General and staff, with a portion of the field train and the navy, have returned to Mel- bourne, leaving about 800 men in garrison to await eventualities. Confidence is being now generally restored. The gold- field again presents its usual thronged and lively aspect, and the streets of the township are no longer deserted, or traversed by grim patrols of mounted troopers. 1st April.— The prisoners taken at the Stockade and tried in Melbourne, were acquitted on the charge of high treason, which is considered a triumph to the popular cause. And thus terminated the agitation which caused such loss of life and property to those prosecuting mining and commercial ope- rations on the Ballarat gold-workings." Thus far goes the narrative of an intelligent eye-witness within the Government Camp. He is evidently in error as to the hour when shots were fired into the Camp on the night after the affair at the Stockade. At 7 p.m. it would be daylight. The statement as to the firing upon the Government Camp on the evening of the 4th is traversed altogether by one who was here then and is still here. He says:— "The soldiers were not fired,upon, though they might report so to save themselves. The soldiers on guard on Soldiers' Hill,:being either in drink or strongly excited, wantonly and savagely, without orders and without pro- vocation, fired into the Flat. They came rushing out of the large tent like madmen, firing and re-loading, and firing again irre- gularly at the tents, not even a corporal com- manding them. They turned round and fired at me two or three shots when they saw me in a different direction from that whence the insurgents are said to have fired." As has been seen, the attack by the autho- rities was unexpected, and thus both, men of war and men of peace were found within the Stockade, while insurgents were absent who would otherwise have been present. There were over 100 armed men in the Stockade, including Lalor, the chief, and a company of pikemen, and a company of mus- keteers, under Vern, and Esmond the gold discoverer. James H. M'Gill, another leader, had been previously absent on the ranges with some riflemen, ostensibly for the pur- pose of opposing the troops expected from Melbourne. There were diggers working at their claims also within the Stockade. One of the captains under Lalor thus describes the affair:— "I was on guard and saw the military at the same time that the alarm was given by a digger working on a brace hard by. They were then at the point where the gully running down from the Stockade, joins the lead of Specimen Gully. I called out to Vern, and Vern called Lalor. We got under arms immediately, some 200 about. The first shot was fired from our party, and the military answered by a volley at 100 paces distance. 'Then there was a volley from the Stockade. The military sent out scouts on foot, and the troopers surrounded the Stockade, the party foot being covered by the fire from the force posted on the high ground in the rear of the Free Trade hotel. Captain Wyse led the scouts on foot, who broke, into the Stockade where Lalor was, on the side fronting to Speci- men Gully. They got in, and the firing, and piking, and bayonetting went on, and the "rebels" got into disorder and rushed into some tents and a blacksmith's shop on one side of the Stockade. The troopers fired the tents, and the rest of the military now came up. The sun had now risen, and about twenty Minutes had passed since the first shot was fired. Then two soldiers appeared on the other side with bayonets fixed. Warden Amos' horse, which we had taken with the warden before, was between me and them, and I fired my revolver. One fell, and the other drew back. I then fired a second shot at the soldiers, my went in the tent cheering at the time. I then said, 'I'm off,' and wheeled round to go out of the Stockade, but met some troopers and retreated, and ran into a butcher's shop close by, The military had now taken the Stockade, and they took away the prisoners they had. I was in the chimney, and so escaped, as they did not search. Most of our men were Irishmen. The soldiers now went off with their prisoners, and the Stockade, slabs, tents, and all were on fire." The correspondent of the Melbourne Herald saw the retreat of the military with their dead, wounded, and prisoners. He says further:— "I was attracted by the smoke of the tents burnt by the soldiers, and there a most appalling sight presented itself. Many more are said to have been killed and wounded, but I myself saw eleven dead bodies of diggers lying within a very small space of ground, and the earth was besprinkled with blood, and covered with the smoking mass of tents recently occupied. Could the Govern- ment but have seen the awful sight presented at Ballarat on this Sabbath morning—the women in tears, mourning over their dead relations, and the blood-bespattered countenances of many men in the diggers' camp — it might have occurred to His Excellency that 'prevention is better than cure.'" The authorities were under the impression that Vern was the insurgent leader, and as Vern, and Lalor, and Black, the " minister of war," escaped the grip of the assaulting force, rewards were offered for their apprehen- sion. For Vern, as the presumed chief, £500 were offered, and for Lalor and Black £200 each. None of them were ever arrested. Black was not present at the affair of the 3rd. Lalor had been severely wounded, and was supposed at first to be dead. He was covered up by a pikeman with slabs, till the soldiers retreated with their prisoners, when he left his hiding place, weary and faint with pain and loss of blood. Having made good his escape, he was, after divers troubles, secreted at a friendly hut on the ranges, where friends ministered to his necessities. On the night of the 4th he was conveyed to Father Smyth's house, where his arm was amputated by Dr Doyle. Search for the fugitive chiefs was made, and Lalor, who had many narrow escapes, was hidden in various places by his friends till the storm had blown over, when he was removed to Geelong, and underwent further surgical operations, the authorities appearing to have given over the pursuit. Yern escaped and hid in various places till danger passed away with the acquittal of the State prisoners re- ferred to below. M'Gill's story is that he and some others, not thinking all was over when they fled, repaired to Creswiek with a view to get out of harm's immediate way, and to secure two field-pieces that were said to be on Captain Hepburn's property at Smeaton. That project was soon abandoned, and M'Gill had to disguise himself and fly. He was met at the Springs by Mrs Hanmer and another, who furnished him with woman's attire, in which he travelled by coach to Melbourne on the 5th, passing Sir Robert Nickle and his troops on their way up near the Moorabool. By advice of the since notorious G. F. Train, then Melbourne agent for the White Star Company's line of ships, M'Gill, disguised afresh in man's attire, went on board the "Arabian" as an officer of the ship. In the meantime Train and other American citizens interposed on behalf of their compatriot, whose youth — he was then about twenty-one years old — they pleaded in bar of grave punish- ment. Train sent to M'Gill one day, got him ashore, took him to Sir Charles Hotham's at Toorak, and after a brief interview the Governor, who expressed surprise at M'Gill's youth, bowed them out hopefully. Train next informed his client that the Govern- ment would not interfere to prevent his escape if he left the colony forthwith. M'Gill, how- ever, still by the ever-vigilant Train's agency, was passed in as an invalid to the health officer's quarters at Port Phillip Heads, where he remained until the acquittal of the State prisoners practically proclaimed liberty to all the compromised. It was rumored at one time that M'Gill shot Captain Wyse, then that he was pardoued because he saved Captain Wyse's life in the Stockade, then that he was let off because he was an American. What happened to him because of his nationality cannot be precisely known. He avers that he neither shot Captain Wyse nor saved him from any threatened harm. As to his Americanism, it is certain that a strong feeling existed at the time against what was considered a fear of American influence on the part of the Government. It is equally certain that the Government attributed the outbreak in a great measure to the treasonable schemes of con- certing foreigners then in Ballarat and active in the agitations of the time. Very barbarous excesses were charged against some of the troopers and other members of the civil arm. Wanton wounding of mere spec- tators or unresisting insurgents was alleged to have been perpetrated, and it was gravely suspected that some wounded men were burned alive when the troopers fired the tents. One of the wounded spectators was Frank Arthur Hasleham, correspondent of the Melbourne Herald, who, in a memorial for compensation, described himself as "a native of the good town of Bedford, and son of a military officer, to wit, William Gale Hasleham, who bore His Majesty's commission in the 48th Foot at Talavera." He was compensated by the Go- vernment subsequently, and after some years' sojourn here he went home to England. Some twenty-three who fell were buried by their friends, and the anniversary of the day was kept up with gradually decreasing demonstra- tion. In a despatch by Deputy-Adjutant General Macarthur we read of Captain Wyse that "his remains are to be buried with the honors due to his rank, in the graveyard at Bal- larat gold-field, beside those of the three other meritorious soldiers which lie there interred." Alas! the honors have not been very grate- fully echoed by later survivors. The place in the cemetery where the military were buried is like a neglectcd wilderness, a disgrace to the place, which the municipal authorities might well remove by introducing order and ornament where all now speaks of neglect and ruin. The spot where some gathered bodies of the insurgents lie is neatly enclosed, and has upon it a simple monument and sepulchral urn, sculptured, engraved, and given by James Leggat, of Geelong. On Monday, the 4th December, the govern- ment issued a proclamation placing the "dis- trict of Buninyong " — for the old name with slightly changed spelling still prevailed over that of Ballarat — under martial law. On the same day, in the afternoon, an extraordinary Gazette was issued, calling on "all true sub- jects of the Queen, and all strangers who have received hospitality and protection under her flag to enrol themselves, and be prepared to assemble at such places as may be appointed by the civic authorities in Melbourne and Geelong, and by the magistrates in the several towns of the colony." Simultaneously a re- ward of £500 for Verb, dead or alive, was offered, as the authorities not only thought he was the commander of the insurgents, but were haunted by another delusion born of a rumor that Vern and some associates were erecting another stockade in the Warrenheip forest. The metropolis was frightened from its propriety by the aspect of affairs at Ballarat. The Herald reported on the 4th that "One time it was said that an invading army of diggers was marching upon Melbourne, intend- ing a general sack and pillage next, that por- tions of the road were beset with guerilla parties anxious to have a shy at any detached troops and police who might happen to pass. . . . Throughout the day there was almost a constant swearing-in of special con- stables at the police-office." Deputations waited upon the Governor, declaring their loyalty. Meetings were convened in the metropolis, some to sympathise with the diggers, others to rally round the law and the authorities. Thus were the distant places shaken by the collision of that early Sunday morning at Ballarat. The poor diggers, in truth, wanted neither "sack nor pillage," but only to be treated as freemen, and to be governed by laws made by parliaments in which they had free representation, and not by laws enacted by a nominee legislature, and insolently, and sometimes corruptly ad- ministered by men irresponsible to the people. Yet, as has been said before, there were rash and foolish and disloyal men among the insur- gents. To them, and them alone, may be fairly applied the words of Sir C. Hotham in reply to one of the deputations to whom he spoke of "designing men who had ulterior views, and who hoped to profit by anarchy and confusion." But such men are found in all uprisings, and their presence in this one neither justified the wrongs of the times nor deprived the resistance of freemen of its inherent virtue. The Melbourne alarm, how- ever, was not without fruit. The sympathy meetings were attended by large masses, and men of all classes united in condemning the misrule which had caused the outbreak. It chanced that just about this time the members of the Melbourne bar were roused by an attack by the Geelong Advertiser upon one of their brotherhood, who was accused of conduct un- becoming a prudent lawyer and a true gentle- man. Thus the barristers rushed to arms and fought on platforms in their brothers' behalf, and while their weapons were yet keen- eged and bright the lawyers gathered also to the lawyer battle then waging between the gold- fields population and the Government. At a mass meeting held on the 13th January, 1855, in Swanston street,— where the St. Paul's schools now are, — the State prisoners being yet untried, a petition for a general amnesty was adopted. In that petition the true cause of the rising, in so far as its moral force phases had gone, was set forth as follows:— "The recent unhappy outbreak at Ballarat was in- duced by no feeling of disaffection to the person of her Majesty, and by no traitorous designs against the institutions of the mon- archy, but purely, by a sense of political wrong, a loss of confidence in the local administration of law, and an irritation engendered by the injudicious and offensive enforcement of an obnoxious and invidious tax, which, though legal, has been since condemned by the Gold- fields Commission." Thousands of people in Ballarat subscribed a similar petition, but the Government refused the amnesty. The whole colony felt the rising to be serious. The Executive was certainly alarmed, and on the 7th December Mr Foster, the Chief Secretary, gave way before the popular storm and resigned office. To him, as the prime spirit in the Legislative Council and Cabinet, great odium attached, for he was regarded, as the mainstay of the system of misrule and nomineeism, an his resignation was, therefore, judicious if not necessary. Mr Haines succeeded him, and the Legislative Council a day or two afterwards passed an Act of Indemnity for the declaration of martial law. The Act of Indemnity was passed on the 15th December, and on the 19th the Government offered a reward of £400 for the apprehension of Lalor and Black. Four days after the historic Sunday, a Royal Commission of Enquiry, consisting of William Westgarth, chairman ; John Pascoe Fawkner, John Hodgson, John O'Shanassy, and James Ford Strachan, members of the Legislative Council; and William H. Wright, Chief Commissioner of Gold-fields, was appointed to investigate the whole grounds of the agitation which had been thus tragical in its results. On the 14th December the commissioners met at the Imprest office in Melbourne, and four days afterwards they opened their com- mission at Bath's (now Craig's) hotel, Ballarat. The evidence taken by the commissioners comprised a vast mass of important informa- tion touching the wrongs and the requirements of the diggers; and the report of the commis- sioners, while it demonstrated the brutality of some of the subordinates, and the folly of the authorities generally, and chid the excesses of the insurgents, led to a speedy amelioration of the social and political condition of the gold- fields population. On All Fool's Day, 1855 — so grim, some times, is the irony of the fates — the men ar- rested by the authorities and indicted for high treason were acquitted, a fitting day on which to record such a verdict upon the bloody business which had all along been marked by much folly on both sides. There were thirteen men arraigned by the Attorney-General's indictment of treason. First named, was Timothy Hayes, the bland chairman of the Bakery Hill meetings. To him succeeded Carboni Raffaello, John Manning, John Josephs, Jan Vennik, James Beattie, Henry Reed, Michael Tuohy, James Macfie Campbell, William Molloy, Jacob Soranson, Thomas Dignam and John Phelan. Sixty-four wit- nesses were set down in the Crown brief, and three panels of jurymen numbering 178 men in all were summoned for the trial. Henry Seekamp, the editor and proprietor of the Ballarat Times, had been previously tried for sedition, and being found guilty "with a very strong recommendation to mercy" he was released on his own recognisances. The State prisoners were defended gratuitously by Mr Aspinall, who thus earned an hon- orable celebrity. With him in the defence were several of our foremost barristers. A general amnesty, in effect, followed the acquit- tal, and the Government even compen- sated both friends and foes who had suffered. Lalor, the chief man of war, and Humffray, the leading man of peace, on the popular side, were returned to the first Parlia- ment held under the now Constitution, which, with all their follies and excesses, the lighting men of the insurgents had done so much to obtain, and which the men of peace have done so much more to consolidate and improve. Humffray was the first Minister of Mines, a new department of the State for the control of the chief industrial industry of the colony. The department has not proved so useful as was expected, and public opinion, which has seen the actual power to lie mainly in the hands of Mr Brough Smyth, the permanent Secretary for Mines, has lately grown in favor of an abolition of the department. Lalor has held a seat in Parliament from the date of his first election until the present day, and for a long period held salaried office as Chairman of Committees in the Legislative Assembly. He filled that office with credit to himself and the House, and whatever may be said against him it will be admitted that he has shown practical and suggestive, if not constructive, faculty as a legislator. He is now, and has for a long time been, with occa- sional vacillations, one of the most conservative, that is, constitutional, members of Parliament; as if, so to speak, justifying his resolute rebellion under arms by his generally steady maintenance in peace of that constitutional freedom which he and his colleagues of the Stockade fought to obtain. 