THE SHADWELLS OF KABY 'Ma, na ! you're laughing, Mark— I know you are ; but it's true for all that. When my (poor dear father put me on my allowance, four hundred a year— not a shilling more, upon my honour— and I made it do, I think I enjoyed things as I never did since, because I paid for them, and felt the price, too, I can tell yoit Now that I have everything gratis, as it were the world has lost its flavour, I've often thought how much more enjoying a fellow would be with a smaller income ; I don't say I'd have nerve to reduce mine by a guinea, but I do think it, Mark, just as fellows who drink too much envy those who haven't got the habit tnougn tney can't give up a glass of their daily quantum, don't you see^ ' And having concluded his little oration, Sir Roke yawned gently behind his hand, and closed his eyes languidly for a moment. 'And I tell you what,' he resumed quietly, 'any- one who has been kn ocking about as much as I have grows tired of it, d'ye see, and likes quiet.' 'Well, that's liking I can gratify, for devil a soul you'll see here from one year's end to another.' said Mark, with splenetic jocularity. 'Oh! this is my daughter,' he said as she entered the room with Miss Marlyn. ' Rachel, this is your cousin, Roke Wych eriy.' The baronet approached, smiling, with something foreign, a little ceremonious, in his manner, and took her hand deferentially, and told her he had been wishing a long time to moke her acquaintance, and asked her a munbei1 of trifling questions, and listened to her answers— it seemed to her with a degree of res pect and pleasuse that was to the young girl still new and very nattering. The manner was indeed silken, tho voice very low and sweet : she felt that she was treated liko a person of consequence, and worth pleasing. But there was nothing very engaging, she was conscious, in the sickly and somewBat long countenance that was inclined with an unchanging smile over her. The matter of pigments and enamel and wig and teeth apart, should not quite discover where lay the peculiarity in that countenance, which generated a feeling of distrust, and something of the nature of antipathy ; she felt only the general effect, which was contracted and deceitful. In those blue eyes was tho peculiar light of exhaustion, and about them a multi plicity of small complex lines of cunning and cruelty — a sickly cheek, a wasted look, and a smile that was artifical and uupleasant, and always there. It was thus with a mixture of feelings that Rachel regarded him. There was also a sense of pity. The taO thin figure was narrow-chested, and stooped a little, and Sir Roke coughed once or twice a, slight cough, which Mark Shadwell, too, had observed. ' She is my cameo,' murmered he to Moik, when he again took his stand beside him on the heath-rug. 'She's perfectly charming !' ' Do you think so?' said her father, flattered inBpite of himself. 'Oh ! you must see it youreelf,' he insisted ; she's perfectly lovely !' aud his eyes rested on her again, as she sat talking to Miss Marlyn at the tea-table. ' Aud tho young lady beside her ?' ' Oh ! that's Miss Marlyn ; you remember poor Mar lyn of the Guard ?' ' Homy Marlyn ?' suggested Sir Roke, looking still at her. ' Yes, poor fellow !' — his daughter.' 'Dear mo !' exclaimed Sir Roke, with more wonder than was quite called for. ' He's — he's sold out. didn't he?' ' Sold out, yes, and dead some yeara — poor Marlyu ! My wife took an interest in her, and got her here. She knew his wife, you know— she died some time before him— and that poor girl was working for her bread in a French school, when Amy heard of her, and brought her here. She's a kind of— I can't call her governess— instructress and companion to RacheL' ^ '?She's protty, but at disadvantage where she sits ; very few girls would bear that contrast.' 'You're fatigued, Miss Marlyn — you've been taking one of those horrid long walks,' said Shadwell, approaching the table ; 'you ought not to allow her, Rachel ; you see she's quite pale.' ' No, indeed, sir,' said Miss Marlyn, suddenly blushing, sp that her cheeks and neck and temples were dyed with the same brilliant tint, which was again succeeded by an unusual pallor ; and Mark Shadwell was pleased to see how an unexpected word from him could agitate her. He did not want his Cousin Roke, however, to observe it, and, turning to rejoin him, he found that be had accompanied him to the table. 'Will you introduce me?' he murmured in Shad well's ear. 'Sir Rake Wycherly,' said Shadwell, presenting liim ' I bad the pleasure of knowing some of your family, Miss Marlyn, a great many years ago, before your time. It was abroad I met them lost ; I had no hope of meeting a daughter of my old friend in this part of the world. And so you're a great pedestrian, are you ? A very dangerous accomplishment,' he continued, transferring his address to Rachael, ' in young ladies ; you are such enthusiasts in whatever you take up ; you always overdo it— you do, indeed, A little tea, ploase.' 'They do, indeed,' he continued, addressing Mark, as he stirred bis tea beside him at the fire-place. 'You must stop it, pray do ; they kill themselves that way— I assure you they do. How very well your daughter looks just in that light ; do look — quite lovely, doesn't Bhe ? You must positively stop it.' And so for a time they chatted, till the young ladies departed, and Sir Roke, being undisguiscdly sleepy, took bis departure also to take possession of the stately old bed in which he was about to pass his first night, since boyish days, at Baby Hall. Chatter XXL— Sib Boke Wvcheklv i-- his Bedroom. Sir Roke Wycherly's man, the grave and gentleman like Mr. Clewson, had spent nearly two hours in his master's bedroom, accompanied by. Dick Willock and Mrs. Wyndle, in reversing and recasting the whole of that provident housekeeper's dispositions for the com fort of his gov'nor. as he called the baronet. He moved about and inspected and countermanded B.nd adjusted with a quiet but sublime sense of respon sibility, which impressed the imaginations of the simple people of Raby. There was no question whether the thing was right or wrongjxr se or easy to accomplish, or next to impossible. It was simply to be done quite inevitable, and to be set about with silent and resolute resignation. Xhe dressing-table was too sear the. window. The bed must be got four feet further from the fire. Mr. Clewson had to plaoe beside it, among other things, the lamp invented particularly, as he informed Mrs. Wyn ile, for his master, by ' Mussier Lumbell,' of Paris, which there was but one other in all the world the same, ind the empress had that, and by experiment he showed them how when it was thrown ever so little out of the perpendicular it extinguished itself with unerring pre cision, **d there were little tinted glass globes, rose coloured when the baronet was in the dumps, aud green wfien ne wubed to read. Jio cad been offered, himself, forty guineas by Mr. Budisman of London, to take a model of it, but ne coudn't allow it for no money ; for we were put under obligation of honour in writing to Mussier Lumbell. So he showed the lamp and all its tricks with a grave pride and condescension, and the rustics admired with awe and ouriosity. There was a little thermometer which he hung at the further side of the bed, away from the fire-place, und which it was his duty to maintain at a given point, at dressing-hours and bedtime. He got Dick Willock to 'obleego ' him with a. hammer and some tacks, and he actually went down upon his knees to tack some neat little strips of gutta-percha to the door next the carpet, to protect the baronet from those draughts and eddies which he feared like the fanning of the wings of AzraeL Though so great a gentleman, Mr. Clewson was not a bit proud. He put his hands to his things quite ready. There was a most elaborate and splendid dressing case, which he had only time to duclosegenerally, They were dazzled. The spirit of magnificent dandyism hod been stronger upon the baronet when he purchased it some twelve years ago. In some respects he had sobered, and illusions of that kind hod subsided since then. The lust of the eye and the pride of life had since been dim med and cooled in the first solitudes of the valley of the shadow of death. And the other box, very neat, but by no means gorgeous, polished oak, bouim with brass clasps, a chest, with a thick brass ring at each end for handles. Yes, evidence of the panic and chimeras dominus ogrotiu. The medicine chest with the wonder. fnl Doctor Vandevelve of the Brunens of Nassau, physi. cian, magician, imposter, who yet unquestionably wrought sanitary miracles, induced so many of his rich patients to his advantage, at all events, to purchase. The medicines were mysteries from his own laboratory — extracted, compounded, procurable in no other sanctum or don in all the world. They saw there more tinctures and drops than Lord Ogleby ever dreamed of. It was only a gaze of a few seconds. There were German words on the inside of the cover, and the bottles were queeriy shaped, with eccentrio stoppers, and might have held the famous Bottle Imp, or even Asmodeus 'Dear me!' exclaimed Mrs. Wyndle. who hod herself a housekeeper's taste for quackery, and admired this exquisite chest accordingly. The baronet's dressing-gown and slippers were dis played before the fire, and were a little shabby— -very shabby, in fact, for so great a gentleman. Very grand when new, no doubt. But they had got rubbed and old ; and lessened with a sense of disappointment and relief the immense distance which Mrs. Wyndel had felt widening between her and the great man, and brought him do wn, in one point at least, to the level of mortals. It was past 11 o'clock as Mark Shadwell wished good-night to his cousin, Sir Roke, at the threshold of his door. The baronet smiled and waved his hand, and shutting his door, bis face looked at once leaner and more haggard, and he yawned dismally; and his dreary eyes looked restless and fierce as he turned them from place to place in his chamber, and asked Clewson if the water was there and everything right, and screamed at him, with a curse, to know 'where the \- — he had bid away those drops, and why on earth they were Dot on the table?' and told him, with an oath, he was not ' worth his bread and butter.' ! sjir itoKe naa nerves and a liver, and had been twice or thrice, in a gouty panic, to Vichy. His charlatan at the Brunens had given him a habit of swallowing these drops and other physics. But although : in this, as in his fastidious appreciation of feminine ! beauty, he resembled Lord Ogleby, be bore no other rcsemblame to that high-bred type of invalided English chivalry. He ' cussed and swore hawfle, he did.' Mr. Clewson said, and he well knew that fact before he entered his service. But such missies break no bones. All things I were taken into accouut in Mr. Clewson's salary, which would have made many a hard-working vicar, to say nothing of curates, open his eyes. So now Mr. Clewson with a countenance as meek and jeverential as if a bishop had just blessed him, pointed out with a bow the identical drops which Sir Boke had overlooked, close to his own hand. ' And please. Sir Roke, your dressing- room is ready,' said the man, with the same reverential inclination indi cating the door. ' No, 'snarled Sir Koke; 'no, just get me to bed, will you ? I'm tired to death by my — journey in that rumble-tumble machine. I'll go back in my own.' Sir Roke began to inspect his features in the glass which the man set before him. ' As tired as a ghost, by Heaven ! I look as if I had pulled it all the way myself. By Jove, this ? place will kill me.' There was a pause, and he muttered — ' How young he looks ! I might be his father almost— to- night — always grumbling — the most goodfornoth ing fellow on earth. Never thanked God for a mouth- ' ful — no more than I ; and, by Jove ! he looks a ' dozen years younger than he is ; good-looking — a ueruitiu ueai uecier ioojang Ulan I rancied ne couia be ; and I dare say, thinks himself an Adonis. We'll see. I'm awfully cut up. Those ? roads. I must have something. You've got that curacoa, Clewson ? Well— here— here ! will you ?' and ue tapped angrily with his finger-tips on the table beside him. 'Yes, I do look awfully seedy. I don't think I ever loeked so seedy in my life. D— n you, do you,' Just the sort of thing to happen me. Will you give it or not ?' He leaned back in his chair, and sipped the cordial a little, and ended by swallowing what remained with a gulp. His squire stood by his elbow with the high shouldered foreign bottle ; Sir Roke held the glass toward him and had some more. ' Take it away— will you ?' said he, still leaning back. ' Yes, I feel a little more naturally now ; and he stepped forward and again inspected himself in the mirror. ' And look— see— yes, one would say, now, there's a little blood left in me.' And he held up his head and almost simpered, lie thought his pink cheeks so becoming ; and this and the glow consequent on his ' nip,' as Clewson called it, made him feel wonderfully comfortable for a few minutes. ' 'You look a little tired also, Clewson; they gave you your supper, I hope?' | He was so busy about the rooms, he had not hod time yet. 'That's veay bad management, Clewson; you did not get your dinner, cither — these little commissions for mo. You ought to be sharper, Clewson — old traveller, you know. Just get me to bed — we'll not be very long, will you ? and then just wait in the room there, till you see I'm -asleep : and then for goodness sake, do be off and get something. The merciful man, you know, takes care of his servant, the Scripture reve^e.Saidhe- lookmSuP at the cornice in a peevish. Sir Boke did .not know very much about the Scrip, ture, no more did his man, and bo the quotation passed Sr^.v ? *£? m ?* ^^ ot the c»™»» 'ufeMel. Sir Eokes benevolence abated, and before hegotinto bed,rm sorry _to say, he was snarling and swearing n£CSrr *5ldad to Clews--^ supperlgain. ^^ Old Wyadle was a good-natured woman, but I flunk no stimulus short of curiosity would have kept her un and awake in her room to give Mr. Clewson. his supped which was keepwg hot before the fire. She could see that Mr. ClewBon, great a gentleman 1 +l^as4.,Waf someUline ef a slave, and stood in aws L-T * c^K 8STBge' eeMBh temper; *h»* he was 7\. 'Jf ^ Boke- who yet seemed ''such a. nice gentle man spoke to her in the gallery so friendly ;' utd as the clock chimed half-past twelve, and at last struck one and she grew uncomfortably sleepy, she wondered how great folk could be so hard on thoir servants ; 'and that poor gentleman Mr. ClewBon, looking ]ust like he was going to faint with hunger— nothing eke— and he not daring to swallow . a scrap o' cold meat, afraid he should smell it Smell it, indeed! How could he smell a san'wich? Irad '» mercy sich noses ! And be, poor gentleman ! down on nis knees, to make everything .ready and Mmaoif not able to stand ! There's usage' for servants. Aad I remember the poor old master— how he'd look ater his horse, when he'd come in, himself, many a timeR mind it. That was for a horae-and here's now for* man. Who d a thought, wi* his pretty blue eyes, he'd ever a been so hard, an' a good-natured littte fellow he was ? When Mr. Clewson did come to the housekeep'a room, with his tap at the door, 'Billifl Winkei, tho dustman,' had been with her, as she was wont to say to the children loner ago, when yawning and nodding set in, and he thought the old woman looked at least ten years older, and he, she thought, ' fairly worn off his feet. _ But supper is the great restorative— sleep, we know, is 'great Nature's second oourae '—the first being what we have mentioned ; and Mr. Clewsou, foe whom and his gossip she hod waited for so long, wa« now quite a new man, and, though grave and sedate, was yet energetic and wide-awake for the ten minute* that followed, over hia tea, which, late as it was, he preferred to any other beverage. There was nothing cynical — no sort of animus in Mr* Clewson's little sketch of his master— neither was there flattery. If it was not a prepossessing picture, it was not Mr. Clewson's fault. 'Well, he's noneo'thatleft, no, he ain't soft nor good' natured, mam, ain't Sir Roke , but the situation's good, mam, very good ; if it wasn't, no man would keep it. He allows a good deal o' liberty in off times— so Jon gets through your work -punctually he doesn't care if the old boy had you. He pays liberal, and be passes on a deal o' things —Vnisom things— to the person as fills my situation. It is a huncommon good situation, but it requires a very superior person to fill it ; he would not keep no one helse, and no sich person would keep the place if the hemoluments waa.less than what they . are. Wild .? Well, I don't know what you mean, quite; he's very reg'lar, mom, and he has his pleasures, I do suppose, like other gentlemen — more, I dessey. His 'ealth ? It was bad two years ago, but I don't think there's very much amiss with liim now. if he would give over them drops and physics. He can go through a deal of amusement and pleasuring, when he likes, ho can. Them's to himself, of course,' ' Between him and his Maker, poor man !' interpo lated Mrs. Wyndle. ' Quite so, mam ; and I don't know nothink o' the matter,' said Clewson, with a quiet decision, which seemed to shut that subject up. I ' You've heard him, now and again, I dessey, talk o' the old place and people?' suggested Mrs. Wyndle. I ' Which o' the old places do you mean in particular, I mam ?' inquired Sir. Clewson, who recollected several haunts, both in Paris and London, which had disap peared from time to time. ' I mean here — Raby— Wynderfel— and the old family, and old friends— simple folk, like myself— ha used to like old Dolly Wyndle, pretty, little, soft fellow he was ; running to my door every hand's torn, for a bit o' cord, or a handful o' Faltpetre— you wouldn't suppose how they used to burn it — or an apple. X want this Wyndle ; aud, Wyn die, give me that ; and so 'twould be; wi' his pretty blue eyes— and I often wondered if he talked of old Wyndle ever?' and she paused. ' Well, as for places, mam, he never likes no placet for long ; and I don't think he cares for no one — aot that cup o'tea,' replied Clowson, not satirically, but gravely, as 6tating a metaphysical fact. Andwith this and some more gossip, Mr. Clewson took his leave. And as he might easily miss his way, old Dolly Wvndle conducted him to his door by tba back Btairs aud gallery ; and he paused and listened at the door, and opened it as softly as a thief might ; and whispered his adieu, and on tiptoe entered his room, and shut the door slowly and soundlessly, as if his life depended on Sir Rote's sleep, although tha dressing-room interposed between his bed and his master's. (to be contwued.) 