THE EDUCATION OF THE PEOPLE. ANY one who is old enough to have taken an active part in the political agita- tion in England, which may be said to have culminated in 1848, cannot fail to be struck with the wonderful change which has taken place in public opinion since that time on all questions which were then considered important. In 1845, 6, and 7, Chartism in some form or other was un- doubtedly the political creed of the great mass of the working class, and the lower section of the middle class of the old country, and with them the fundamental article of belief—their motto and watch- word —was "Political reform as the basis, and social reform the superstructure." Now this maxim is entirely reversed. All that was really important in the Chartist pro- gramme of 1846 has been, or is, on the eve of being conceded, and it is discovered that these great political changes will be practically valueless until a social reform has been effected that will enable the new possessors of political power to exercise them intelligently. By a kind of tacit consent all classes of the community in the old country have come to the conclusion that the first step towards securing the legitimate advantages of ex- tended political power among the masses, and providing against serious national dis- aster by the exercise of that power, is the extension of education so as to include every child in the kingdom. The immediate objects which are sought to be gained by this movement are, of course, as various as the different opinions of the parties who advocate them. With some the primary object is a religious one; with others a political; others again aim at a social object, while a fourth class regard the purely industrial as the most important. In the first class we have the Irish Roman Catholic bishops on the one side, and a very large section of the various Protestant de- nominations on the other. Both want "religion" (which, in their sense of the term, means dogmatic sectarian theology), to be made a principal part of the educa- tion in the schools they are so anxious to establish. Cardinal Cullen is the mouth- piece of the Catholic bishops, and he de- mands schools where "the image of Christ crucified, of the Blessed Virgin and St. Joseph, and the pictures of St. Peter and St. Paul, St. Patrick, St. Brigid, and St. Laurence ornament the walls," and where the pupils are taught "as often as the clock strikes to raise their minds to heaven, and invoke the assistance of the Holy Ghost." The Episcopalians, Wesleyans, and other important Protestant sects, are nearly as bitter as Cardinal CULLEN and his Bishops, againt a purely secular education, or even an education with that limited amount of elementary religious teaching which is pro- vided by the Irish National School system. They, too, insist that doctrinal religion should be an important—the most im- portant —part of the education imparted; and, as a consequence, they, too, are strong for denominational education. Outside what may be called the "hard and fast" religious section, is a most influential party represented by the "National Education League," which sets forth as its first principle that "Wherever the existing primary schools are insufficient or unfit for the supply of the wants of any district, schools shall be established by compulsory rating, and subject to the in- spection of the Privy Council, for the dis- trict which is thus deficient, unless volun- tary agencies of the kind deemed adequate by the State spring up before the time ex- pires at which the rate is to be imposed." The League is opposed to doctrinal religious teaching in the schools supported by public money, except under the condititions im- posed by the Irish National School system. The advocates of education for political purposes mainly, are for the most part Con- servatives of the old school, who are scared at the possible consequences of the "leap in the dark" which DISRAELI persuaded them to take in passing the Electoral Reform Bill, and they have a nervous sort of hope and belief that, by catching the future electors young enough, thoroughly saturating them with the Church Catechism, "Church and Queen" sentiments generally, and a horror of Dissenters, Democrats, and all noisy bawlers for reform of any kind, they may so mould them as to render their votes powerless for evil, even in cases where they cannot be altogether depended upon for active good. The fourth class of advo- cates for national education are those who insist upon a far greater attention being paid than formerly to industrial, practical, scientific or technological education, as it is variously called. The numerous inter- national industrial exhibitions which have been held during the last twenty years have proved to the satisfaction of a very large and important section of manu- facturers and others who are directly or indirectly interested in industrial enterprise in Great Britain, that unless the British workman is better grounded in the scientific principles of his trade or calling, every British industry in which taste and skill are required must in- evitably sink to a secondary position in competition with continental industries of the same kind. The two last-mentioned classes may be said to be mainly comprised in the two first, although the causes which have led them to take an active interest in the subject are different. The result, however, is that public opinion in the Old Country is now stirred to its utmost depths on this all-absorbing topic, and whatever the prac- tical outcome may be, it can scarcely fail to produce momentous results which, on the whole, will be beneficial. Even a defective education is much better than gross ignorance; and as the general ten- dency of the age, outside the churches, is to liberalize and tone down sectarian bitter- ness, there is every hope for the future. What the particular system of education may be which will be adopted, it is of course impossible to predict with any degree of certainty. The most probable result will be a compromise between the denominational and secular systems of education. It may safely be asserted that the Irish Bishops demands will not be com- plied with. Nothing could possibly be conceived more calculated to irritate your average English Protestant so much, and cause his indignation to boil over so readily, as a proposal to maintain Roman Catholic schools by state funds, because the Roman Catholic priesthood object to the children of their flocks being educated in the same schools as "heretics;" and this accounts for the outburst of wrath with which Cardinal CULLEN'S addresses on the subject have been universally received by the English press and people. At the same time, it is equally clear that merely de- nominational schools of the various Pro- testant sects will not be supported by the State. The National Education League and the advocates of secular education are strong enough to prevent that, although they are not sufficiently powerful to carry out their own system in its entirety. As the Spectator very clearly points out:— "The drift of our existing educational legislation, at least as regards primary education in England, is this,—to make as much use of the denominational principle under the double guarantee of a thorough State inspection extending to all secular teaching, and a strict conscience clause, as is possible,—and to supplement it, when it is insufficient, by rate-built schools, which would be secular and secular only, leaving the religious teaching to be given sepa- rately." A conscience clause or provision, that children of another faith attending any denominational school shall not be sub- ject to religious teaching in that school, has always been a condition of State assistance, and if Roman Catholics require their schools to be supported by the State they must make provision for the few Protestant children in the districts in which the schools are situated, accept the conditions of State inspection, and respect the religious scruples of the parents of their Protestant pupils. It may safely be asserted that Cardinal CULLEN would reject State-aid to his schools on any such con- ditions, because as long as there was a Protestant child present in any of the schools those religious symbols on which he insists so strongly would have to be removed. On the other hand it is not at all improbable that the various Protestant denominations, and the advo- cates of secular education, will come to terms on such a compromise, and agree to accept a bill founded on such a principle. If this be so, another year may witness the actual commencement of a system of primary education in the old country which will be sufficient to include every child in the kingdom. Happily for Queensland, the battle of education has been fought and won so far as to secure the adoption of the principle which the more liberal advocates of educa tion in the old country are yet so ardently striving for. We have even gone a step further, and abolished school fees alto- gether in our primary schools. How this principle will operate remains to be seen, but there can be no doubt that the result will be watched for with considerable anxiety by everybody who feels a genuine interest in the future welfare of the colony. — Brisbane Courier. 