ON TraNQS ÏN OENEBAL: ' .' A Bi VMCOX. . . , . ' : So, ttie^ Sydney Morning Herald has:frightened- M Henry Perkes out of his wits, and his seat for Kia nu into the bargain. Henceforth, let no man dispute tin power of the "Fourth Estate," since a member of tin "Third" has virtually aoknowled it supremacy, throw! down his arms and precipately retreated. Tue chivalry of demooraoy has pated before the clerical ohampion ol Conservatism ; and the Eleotors of Kiama will, no doubt, in the extremity of the anguish turn prematurely Orar/, ' This is really n queer world-at ono end of it an Em- peror is overthrown, and at the other a " Tribuno of thc people" is capsized, ond politically Pressed to death. When tho Speaker road Mr Parkos's letter, conveying the mournful intelligence of his resignation, to the Houso, notwithstanding the solemnity of the occasion, a livoly discussion took place, as to the propriety of placing the valedictory epistle on. the precious Votes and Proceedings of that august Assembly-it being considered by some ultra- fastidious members that the cause assigned by Mr Parkes for his resignation was immeasurably beneath the lofty " dignity" of the House. Tho discussion wns per feotly sui generis exceedingly funny, and - afforded considerable amusement to tho occupants of tho gallery, [ It was eommenoed by a gentleman who iniy be litorally \ called a "Son of the Frees"-one, tho sheet of whose oradle may bo said to have been tho " broad sheet. " but, who now seems to entertain a very wholesome dread ol thoIvory powor he himself once wiolded. It was delicious to hear the immortal David sneering magnificently nt "two-penny half-penny nowspopers"-forgetful seem- ingly! that there WOB at ono timo in this Colony a " two- penny halfpenny imposition," that struggled through an ephomeral existence, under the grand eloquent title ol " Tho Australinu Nation." In his touching farewell tc tho afflicted Kiamanites, Mr Purkos'declares that "no consideration would induce mo to accept ro-cleotion to tho seat I hay.0 roBignod." In tho faee of this irrieocable (!) dotorminntion, the boreaved electors must console themsolres with tho reflection that, Vixere fortes ante Agamenón, or gather comfort from tho mora homely proverb, that " thcro aro as goad fish in tho sea as ever wore caught." Tho Aldermen of Sydnoy aro undoubtedly groat judges and lovers of the Fine Arts-especially Painting -for no soonor is ono " artist" out. of tho Civic Chair, than another " brother of tho Irtish" is installed in .his place. I like this arrangement amazingly, as it g ¡yes a dopth of tone and colour to tho Mayoral " dignity," i* which it would otherwise lack. "Royal Bluo" has been . succeeded by another rainbow tint, in tho person of Mr j ?? Chapman, a worthy gentleman who, although no conjuror with a " needle gun" under his arm and a " sackful of ghosts" on his back, is likely to shod as much glory on tho Chair BS was over reflected on that useless article of Civic furnituro. Tho Legislativo Assombly of Victoria has just paBScd a Bill for tho payment of Mombers of Parliament, and sent it up to " my Lords" for confirmation. Tho ques- tion, whether it would bo better to poy Members directly or let them, os tiley now do, pay themselves indirectly by billeting themselves and whola regiments of relatives and retainers on the unfortunate public, has long bcon discussed and very. opposite conclusions arrived at. From long experience.and closo observation, my opinion is decidedly in favor of direct payment of regular wages to our " representives," both' in tho sense of economy and morality. The highest authority tells us " tho labourer is worth of his hire," mid thcro is, therefore, no valid reason1 why thoso who toil in tho Legis- lativo " vineyard" should not reap a legitimate reward, rather than have their " morality " exposed to tho temptation of remunerating themselves, frequently undor circumstances BO vory questionable, that in any other position of lifo thoy would inevitably onjoy tho honor of making their best bow to his Honour and an intelligent jury. Another and strong argument in favor of paying members is, that Bottled wages would place them in the samo catngory as any other class of hired servants and rondor them moro fully responsible for their behaviour to thoso who poy them-tins people. Tasmanian morality in high life, liko our own, is not ' quita «0 bright as it ought to bo. Launceston propriety is just now seriously scandalized by "startling disclo- sures" made in nu "affiliation case," wherein tho names of "several influential persons" have been ventilated with all that charming feedom which imparts such an amount of publia interest in othor people's private affairs. From the slender particulars whioh havo as yet reached this sido of tho Straits, it would seem that tho honours of paternity wore likely to bo conferred on a gentleman who, for his years, evidently possesses more vigour thun virtue. Should (hero bo a Bus "revolution"-a contingency by no means improbable, judging from the tono of tho re- solution carried at tho Busmen's Meeting on Monday evening, it will givo a great impetus to tho practice of pedestrianism and improve tho paco of tho boot and shoo market, which lins been for soma timo past very slack. Tlio 'busmdn have no doubt somo well founded grievances j'but whether "retaining their coaches in their yards until tho City Council comes to terms" is the best way to obtain redress, admits of great doubt. Tho grievances of whioh they com- plain aro not Imposed on them by tho public ; and tharefore, to inflict upon tho public tho unnecessary inconvenience contemplated would be a proceeding quito as useless as unwise. Tho gentleman who first broached this enlightened idea was formerly, if I mistako not, following a much graver occupation than 'bus-driving, and . whilst so engagod was oalled upon to superintend the funeral obsequies of tho lato lamented "Dr Linfield" (of poultry-îanofvag celebrity) and soveral other distinguished personagos to whom funerals at tho public expense had bcon denied. If ho is tho snme person, and tho 'bus pro- prietors know their own interests, thoy will novor under- take to corry ont so preposterous a schemo, oven ut tho solemn suggestion of an cx- govcrnincnt.coflln maker. If they do maka tho attoinpt they will find that tho public, so for from "sympathising" with any such childish nonsense, will bo moro disposed to appreciate thoso who wisely study their own intorosts and tho public accommo- dai ion, by declining to be " boxed" up and buried in tho ruins of a ridiculous "'Bus strike." "Parting Words" oro usually of a very serious and impressive character, and eo aro thoso of Mr Parkes, in /Tuosday's Herald, touching his general treatment by that journal. - Never an admirer of Mr Parkcs's political principles, I havo, nevertheless, always considered him the possessor of ability far abovo the avorago of that usually found in tho Legislativo Asjombly. Nil desper . andum is the motto of Mr Parkes. It is un excellent ono, and I have do .doubt that when- circumstances permit, that gentlemen will emerge from tho twilight of prirato, lifo into tho broad and open glare of public existence,; as " retiring" for the fun of ooming back again,: has evor been a favourite nmusomcnt with our leading "statesmen"-BO much so, indeed, that I shall not absolutely believe that hon. Charlea has accepted tho Colonial Embassy to London, until I find it recordod in theCourt Journal that the hon. gantlomun lins been pre- sented to Her Majesty-delivered hia Credentials, and bnd tho " honor of kissing hands." If wo may judge by tho continual vacancies which occur in connection with it, tho posilion of "Houso Burgoon" to tho Sydney Infirmary must be n very thorny one, since no "duly qualified medical practitioner" seems to possess tho adhesivo properties of tho sticking plaster ho uses in dressing tho battered craniums of Brown, Jones and Robinson. About tho " management" of this Institution thare is evidently something queer, or thoso repeated changes of Medical Officer would not occur ; but what may bo tho peculiar utlmcnt from which tho Establishment Buffers, nobody but tho initiated, of course, really knows. Humour, however, has long been busy in assigning reasons which go to indicate flint an application of tho besom of reform" would do much to improve tho uiuungomcnt and increase the utility of oho of our roost important public institutions. Tho matter has occasionally' been broached, even in Parliament ; but has always been mot by thoso ready Official ovaeiona which uro ever found so useful in stifling "inconvenient enquiries" into public abuses, let them bo ever so glaring or inimiunl to tho interests of socioty. When tho Pi-inco Alfred Hospital is finished (when will it bo commenced !) a bettor ordor ol' Illings may siipersedo tho existing sy3tom, and .tho interest of our common humanity bo moro fully and efficiently promotod. Although a considerable quantity of "now blood" has boen recently infused into tho Civiu Body of Sydney, it is much to bo feared that owing to tho very puor and watery character of a largo portion of it, 110 great and udditionul strength will bo imparted to that venerable hut alarmingly weak institution, tho phthisical condition of which hus long boen a source of serious anxiety to tho publia generally. If "premisos," however, oro of tho slightest value, wo aro tohuvo " Civic Beforin" 011 a soalo of unprecedented mugnitudo-including, amongst other "good, things," a reduction of tho Mayoral salary, aa- unsparing curtailment of tho Municipal "stuff," mid 11 wholesale mid wholesome vcdiiolion of " ccrows," with more work for tho money, In short, real and genuine rel rai ch men I in avery holo and corner of tho Town Hull is to ho tho order of tho rlny ¡ and tho Municipal Couneil of Sydnoy transformed, as'if by thu inogio of tho Wizard Chapman, iulo u glorious example of intelligence, economy, and utility. 1 hope it may bo so ; but-woll, never mind, nous verrons. Tho Attlermanio " spooohos," at tho dcolorution of tho' Cirio jÇoll, wera tolerably edifying, How beautifully was the « Siamese", auction of the brothers, R, (Raphael and Benny) exemplified, and how sincerely odoriferous wore the "flowers, of language/' with whioh they pelted each other In the cordial spirit of municipal love. How pleasant it was to hear tho viotors modestly blowing their own | trumpets, and to listen to the vanquished expressing their j unbounded joy, at being released from tho "("rinding slavory" of tho Town Hall, and onoe moro restored to the tranquil delights of tlieir dotnostia circles. Ha, hu, ha, bos7i for over ! What a pity it is that such exquisite fun is purohascd at so costly a rata by tho citizens j .and so frequently converted into a warrant" for adding to their " distress." By tho way, talking of Municipal matters, an Adelaide telegram brings tho' astounding I intelligence, that " Raphael is thrown out for Qawlor I Word." lliis was promptly met by another from Sydney, i conveying tho glad tidingB, " Raphael is thrown in for Bourke Ward." This is really a most gratifying oiroum [ stance, as it exactly balances tho municipal acoouuts j botween the two' Colonios.' 