THEATRE ROYAIi. Oil Monday night, Mr.' 'JJandmann "appeared before a good house at .the. Theatre Royal.in-toe -role df Hamlet. :As by'ihis -character ' more perhapsrthan by any other Shakspearian.actpie 'are generally judged, the audience was unusually expectant and curious respecting the trage 'diau's "delineation of the Danish Pnnce.. Attoa tion was also very much taken up by sottM arrangements in some of the acts that were new to the Adelaide stage, and by rendering of Cer tain passages varying rather from those,of other impersonators. These matters, perhaps, rather distracted the attention from the.impersonation as a whole, but they made the house critical, and by driving people's "judgment out of the settled groove in which .it:might have fallen during the two Montgomery seasons rendered 1 their study of the present representation more intelligent. The actor was certainly not taken on trust; approbation was suspended; hat when it did come it was as hearty as it%as de served. The portraiture of the unhappy Prince was clear and powerful, the lights'and! Bhades ot his character being brought out' with a wonder ful distinctness. One feature in the delinea tion was, perhaps, that the idea of Hamlet's sanity was rather strongly conveyed. This was dope ^without any effort to produce such, an e£fect7aSd_we "are hot", aware v^at STrrEand manh's'theory 6h thejsubject is; but his Ham let, in.his soliloquies and in'his; discourse With his t wo most intimate friends, certainly appears truly sane. Then, with those whom.he means to deceive on'this point he exhibits a'deep meaning in his words and manner; and therr^ to baffle, tbem, suddenly bursts into some • - - - —J - TiHffr \- liieouuii ^ „ ^ ( /O^ I any rendering of. .Hamlet, but as we sawlims, last night 'thev !su^icibn?plthel^g_b^oJhe real state of Ms. mind seemed more .caUea-., for than with some'readings^ " To come" to details, one marked peculiarity in the impersonation ! was the Prince's demeanor when confronted by the ghost of his father.; All impersonators of, Hamlet worth mentioning represent him as awea and astonishegLby the. apparition,' but they give • him more than, a determination—they attribute • to him an alacrity—in following the spectre. Mr. Bandmann's idea "is.somewhat different. He shows the Prince' as 'haying vowed to meet the spirit of his sire, but as being over come with a _ natuxal terror when it ap-, pears. Even more perhaps than his friends, he; is affected: /by. ' the - imearfhly ,spec tacle; HO'shrinks hack, gazes mth a- wild* expression, his utterance 13 subdued foa,thru ling whisper, and yet 'relieving all this'appear ance of dread there is the yearning of the son towards his father, and. the fond_ longing to converse with him. When the spirit beckons, he hesitates for a. jnoment, then, says ha will follow; his friends Hold him, and then all his manhood -returns. Feeling a merely-mortah^ opposition, he-repulses it with'all theenergy oEl his nature, and breakiflgfrpm those who would detain him, he draws his sword and. says— "By heaven I'll make a ghost, of him. that letel me. -j I say, away—go on—I'll follow thee." Once free and .alone with the supernatural his feeling of horror returns, and is plainly exhi bited,'though he: struggles: against Tandtoonbuers it. Now this : conception I somewhat differs from that of great actors ; bnt is it not a correct one' To form an opinion-upon this point let any* one with a lively imagination", ignormg all stage representations of'thisi'Scene, consider what the hearing of a bold man would be under such circumstances. A brave man is not ex pected to be cool and perfectly sen-possessed, j when in converse with beings from: the other., world, and the;'courage of HamIet \would,rbe ,3 most naturally'' shown in subduing a natural.^ dread than in not exhibiting an aweequalto the occasion. In the dialogue with_ his father, Mr.-Bandmann-was natural, though the effect of this was somewhat marredthe Ghost having studied 'elocution of-a .parish-clerk reading the Church service,, in a whining mono tone.- Another variation from; othef models was, that Horatio and Marcellus, instead of finding Hamlet after his ghostly interview ,af fecting unconcern, discover, him. in -a"reclining posture, -and overpowered by-Ms-emotibns. When, however, they question"him,' mis splf command returns. This idea is" surely .'very;na turaL In the rest of the" impersonation:'.}™ saw little that was like'an innoyation hpqn'pld notions. Hamlet's sagacious,philosophy, caustic humor, cutting banter,' and searching" insight into men'B motives'-and dispositions, were^aU exquisitely . rendere.d ; . and \ "the absorbing sorrow for: :his ; father's death, • his lm ' measurable scorn and detestation . of, ^ne murderous. Mug, and' his" deadly resolution to aven'ge: ther prime,' were portrayed with a > marvellous power 'and fidelity. The scehes oatn Ophelia showed some master touches—-especially 'his transient but namistakeable'signs, of gnef .at the part he feels obliged to play, and the trouble it ■ causes her.' The 'play scene was •grand, th6nghr the-allusion.to 'galledjnthers might, perhaps, have been more deliberately given; but then it was desirable not to show the design of the entertainment, ; In the, inter view with the Queen Mr. Bandmann'sHinilpt might have been somewhat'more subdued;in manner; but' otherwise his. task of showing to his mother her conduct in its own true, njid hateful light was -admirably-'performed ^as share in the'grave scene "and the_ final-tragedy were magnificent pieces-^f .acting, and mo delivery ^throughout -i was y'radmiraW Qn the ^ -wholeit: was a - 'grand , ;impersoaa tion, that will bear study, -Und-be the better liked the mo.reit is. studied. Mrs., Bandmann's Ophelia' was -a gracefht an^ offqc? ,, tive!performance, though in the earlier scenes a little wanting in sprighthness. The mag: passage^were cleverly rendered;and pinch plaudedP nMrs.; Stoneham's Queen was distinct and - emphatao,'but she did not look every "imffl a Queen, and her emotion when Hamlet _held up; the__ mirror-to-her - guilty;;soul," very' powerful "or genuine. Mr. .^drews looked and spoke like Kmg Andrews, with rather more indistinctness than Usual. Mr. Applflton s ghost was only tolerable^ when mute y lmutter ance he was simply, lackadaisical, and he leftj.... out some of the finest parts of the text. Mr;-} Humphries made a quiet Horatio, and did mot — know his part very well - Mr. Stoneham as Laertes was vigorous, and very .effective in sword-play; and Mr. Milne .adopted - a favorite tendering of _Polomua, &s;„.„ somewhat, buffoonish dotard.- Miss Carey,.^ looked an'irresistible courtier, hut'we could not understand how she knew it'was "a palpable hit" when .she.was at the time looking, away from the combatants. The rest of the cast was decidedly weak.,Thepiegewasverywellmonnted, and the scenery excellent, though there were one or two hitches in the mechanical arrangements. , At the close of the piece there was vocfferous cheering, in response to which" Mr. Bandmann appeared before the curtain and retiirnedthanks . for his reception, and stated that the few little difficulties-unavoidable-on-the -first production of such a piece on a stage would be obviated on its repetition. To-night " Hamlet will be re peated. 