SPIRITISM. THr W r-T 1? • fW'i'mn the Wexhnian Chronicle.) It is an irritating waste of energy to have to strike such a thing of straw as this Spirit ism a second time. Rut the interest of the subject seems, to continue. As far as reason and ridicule have power'to slay, it is slain— thrice dead. But. it is never safe to reckon on the deoease of folly; it has a malign immortality. . There is this, curious fact noticeable in tho natural world—^that tho less life is worth, the harder it is "to destroy, it. A slight fracturc ' of the .skull is enough id divorce soul and body in man ; but you. might cut . the ; head-summarily' off certain worms, and they would; grow, a fresh, crop of heads" with ready-facility, and suffer only a slight, inconvenience. Folly is as tenaciously vital as these lower forms of inse'ct life. There is,, besides, just now, such an especial spirit of' gaping-.credulity abroad, that,, if the .most transitory bubble of frothy scepticism is ai-' lowed to float about the world unbhallenged, thousands are. ready to fall down before it, and worship it, as a new sun of-truth risen in the horizon, and eclipsing all the old stars. These considerations are our excuse for saying a few words more'on a subject that is being written on ad nauseam. > About the reported sensible phenomena of Spiritism we say, as we have said before, there may' lie, somewhere in the huge mass of rubbish, a few poor grains of reality.. We are'not concerned to offer any explanation of such phenomena as may be well atteste'd; we only'demur to the monstrous theories they: are made to support. W6 do not object to the ass in its natural hide,:we only want the stolen lion's skin to be stripped off it. Spirit ism, putting on the grave robe9 of a teacher, offering itself to the world as a religion, and presenting its precious "facts" as evidences —this is enough to provoke the inextinguish able laughter of gods.and mon. . Public opiuion is far kinder to the so-called, facts of Spiritism than evidence warrants. Let-us remember how constantly its phe nomena have been traced down to the most nrirlnlnnn. DclC-JalusIon. or the most knavish: imposture; and how they have uniformly failed to survive any public and scientific test. .Faraday, with a characteristically in genious arrangement for measuring- the amount of direct physical fcrco exerted by' the operators, utterly discredited table mov ing. As regards mediums, clairvoyants, et has genus omne, as the writer of a clever letter in the Argus declared—"In no one instance has any one come with eclat from the United Stales to Great Britain as mission ary or medium but he or she has turned out humbug, thief, or impostor." IIow they have failed under public challenge in this city we all know. Une of the most thorough 'Cases of detection was by the late George Lewes— a well-known name in literature. He formed an .hypothesis as to how the answers were given, and laid certain'.traps .into which, the. medium would fall if his :theory were correct; then, after verifying the hypothesis in a- visit to the medium, published an account of it'in the Leader, a London newspaper, of which he was editor! These are specimens of ques tions (mentally asked) and answers.—" Had the Ghost of Hamlet's father seventeen noses? Ans/: Yes. Was Pontius Pilate a leading tragedian ? Ans : Yes. Is Mrs; Iloydon (the medium) an impostor? Ans.: Yes." It strengthens the odour of imposture which hangs round the whole affair to notice that a New York and a London cabinet-maker have published letters declaring' the traffic they had carried on in medium .tables with, concealed wires and electrical apparati. But the imposture that enters into its " facts" is worthy of less emphasis than the mingled nonsense and blasphemy of its -"literature," and its revelations of another world. Nothing so utterly impudent, so hbpelessly; foolish.'.has ever before been- put into articulate speech, or published with type and ink among civilised men. The whole thing is a lunatic's carnival, a festival of unreason. What is the spirits' account of heaven? " We have many parties in the spheres," one spirit says; "we always dance and have music." In the fifth sphere they play at carcls—"whist being the favorite game." Think of eternal whist! Talleyrand solemnly predicted a miserablo old age for the man who had not learned to play whist in his youth. Apparently that man will lack fitness for the enjoyment of heaven who has not learned whist on earth. A spirit specially wanted at some seancc sent word he could not come; hu was going to a concert at which a new singer was to make her debut. Another spirit from the spheres of the blessed—pro bably it was Mr Micawber—was " in imme diate want of a sum of money in bank notes," and promised, if any one of the visitors to the seance would oblige hinij to pay it back punctually on a given day' These items will give some idea of the occupations of the glorified when, as the Argus correspondent put it, "they are not engaged in the noble occupation of assisting the endeavors of the best among mankindthat is^ in more exact language—when not helping Mr Home, and kindred knaves, to extract raps from in spired tables^ and dollars from foolish people's pockets. The hell of Spiritism is very ftlild. No scenes of Dantesque horror, no weeping and wailing, no smoke of torment ascending up for ever and ever. It io a sort of paradisai cal purgatory, with uphdlslery arrangements that might, send a London cabinet-maker wild with envy. It is made up of glowing lovely" landscapes, dwellings whose roofs gleam with diamonds, tfcc.-, i&c.; . The scene.opehed to us shows the souls of tb'e wicked -lying 'on couches, wi.tli"committees of celestial mes merists making ptlsses over them-, impelling' regenerative magnetic fluids through' their ■ veins. ■ < L';, " , r ]' . We make, no: criticism oii ; shallow travesty of the solemn'.facts ofthe .iuturejlife.. The grovelling folly of: these; "ireyelations". is two-edged. It.slays all significance mfearthly life as well as all worth * and diffhity- in life eternal. What office is left t'6 our temporal existence on this theory ? It is not probatory ; it is not for the" formation of character'and' the choice of destiny. The Christly. rediemp tion of this world is. a mistake, as there is a magnetic redemption "for all ,so'uls| indiscrimi nately, in the next world. 9 ■ , I : ., (To be continued) ... ;•.» Ii 