UNDER THE SPELL. CHAPTER yn. BY FHEDEHICK TTILLIAM EOBIKSON. EDMOTTD LAWCFEORD kept his .word the next jay, &nd; made the amende honorable to Mr. Gurnett. He worked hard with hie brother Nathan at the Medea of Euripides;, and, although he did not take the shine out of him, as be had threatened over night, vet he construed with credit to himself, and stifled his yawns with the cover of his book vhen Medea or Jason was more than usually prolix. Willie Lanceford, exempt' from the taskmaster, sauntered into the class-room, critically observed the bay-window and the balconv from which Edmund had dropped, and wondered if he could do it himself without puitiDg his shoulder out; looked at Edmund, who returned his wicked glance before he dived into Euripides again; went to the stable to have a little talk with Jemmy, who was "out of sorts," and not inclined for conversation; finally strayed into the library and wrote a long letter to his mother, fixing the day when he might be expected at Uncle Pembercast's and dashing off a short letter to Harry Perks, beginning, Dear Hary— with one r! That Saturday was a dull day for Willie Lanceford; his brothers were working bard, under Mr. Gurnett, and his father kept to his study all day, and only appeared at dinner-time. At dinner Willie very coolly broaolied the subject of church, in conformity with his promise to Ned on the preceding night. "You and Nathan were bad hands at your devotions the last half I spent here," said he; "I hope you have both turned o^er a Dew leaf since Christmas." " Mr. Gurnett has taught Nathan bettor behaviour, at least," remarked the Bire. " Ah ! I am afraid Master Nathan tries to please me more than himself," remarked Mr. Gurnett with a glance at his favourite scholar. "Not at all, Mr. Gurnett," answered Nathan; "I don't dislike church, though I object to bad preachers. Now the Reverend Martin Boucher has no fire in him." " Hark at Nathan ! " cried Edmund ; "no fire in him, he says! " " Well, I suppose I have a right to express my objections, though I am not so fiery an individual as Edmund Lanceford Eeq.," returned Nathan, sharply. "Certainly," was Edmund's answer, "and when you take to the pulpit, perhaps you will surprise us all." " Whatever I take to I will work at with a will," said Nathan. " Hear, hear ! " "When were you at church last, Edmund?" asked Willie. "0! I went with Mr. Lanceford last— last Christmas, I think! " Mr. Lanceford smiled. " Tou are inclined to be severe upon us, this evening, Edmund." " Not at all, sir." " Well, Edmund will go to church with me," said Willie, the artful; "and as Mr. Boucher is of a sleepy turn, why we'll rise early and walk to Dorchester church. You are not afraid of five miles, Edmund ? " " Not I." " Will you join me then ? " "To be sure I will." " So will I," said Nathan, " and perhaps Mr. Gurnett " "Thank you," said Mr. Gurnett; "but ten miles before dinner would be rather too much for me. Besides, there is fire enough in the Reverend Mr. Boucher for your humble servant." " It's so long since I have had a good walk," said Nathan, " that if Edmund will promise to walk steadily, I'll join him and s Willie to-morrow morning." "I make no rash promises," skid Edmund shortly; "you're a bad walker too, and we shall have to step out." " We'll start a little earlier and take it t easy." a Edmund made no reply: Nathan's unexpected offer had disturbed the plans of these f a two young conspirators, and they could not w decline the honour of Nathan Lanceford's company without arousing the suspicion of r their sire, who eat there listening to their conversation, and thinking perhaps what a happy father he was. Edmund contrived to make it as late as possible on the following morning before he was ready to start for Dorchester; and Nathan did not make his appearance at the breakfast-table, which Edmund, Willie, and Mr. Gurnett had all to themselves. " It's impossible to wait for him," said Edmund; " he should have risei Her." "I think I would just give him a call," suggested Mr. Gurnett; " he's a sensitive lad, and it is more easy to wound the feelings than offer the balm afterwards." "0! hang his feelings," said Edmund; " I can't waste time running up stairs after them. It will be too late to accompany us now. Look alive, Willie." "Suppose I " began Willie, whose conscience began to prick him concerning Nathan. " It's impossible to wait," -said Edmund ; "we shall be late now. Good-morning, Mr. Gurnett." " Good-morning, young gentlemen," was the reply; " may the /sermon at Dorchester teach you a lesson of charity." Two minutes afterwards Edmund and Willie Lanceford were on their way to Dorchester, walking at a brisk pace across the fields. A fair summer's morning—a fresh breeze stirring the green leaves—the .birds in full song, and a cloudless heaven above them. " We were rather hard on Nathan," said Willie. "It was his own fault, the slnggard," answered Edmund; " besides, any church will do for him, and only one for me. Step out, Willie." "Mind, you promised to point her out to me." "Allright, Willie." " And sho is very pretty ? " was Edmund's emphatic re- "And you'U—" , "There, that'e enough, Willie," interrupted his brother; "please to step out or We shall be vety late." Edmund set the example; and away the Brothers strode through the fields, over the "jstic stiles, and down the green lanes, finishing off with a short cut across some private meadows, where once a red-faced fanner snouted to them to come back—a request t s N s t t responded to by a peculiar masonic sign, which Edmund had picked up from the stable-boys—and once an ill-tempered bull, with a horizontal tail, turned them from the direct route, and chased them through a gap in the hedge. But they were in sight ol Dorchester at last; and Edmund, consulting his watch, discovered it was twenty minutes past eleven. "Late after all!" said Edmund. "Well, it serveB us right. Come on." "O! isn't it hot? Nathan would not have cared to walk to church at this rate," said Willie, taking off his glossy silk hat, and carrying it under his arm. " We should have knocked him up," said Edmund. " Don't you feel well, Willie ? " " Eather tight about the waistcoat, Ned," said Willie; "nothing more. That confounded bull's fault, not yours. Don't walk any slower for me; I can keep up to Dorchester." Edmund slackened his pace, however, and the half-brothers proceeded at a more leisurely rate down one of those avenues of trees which lead the traveller so pleasantly into the ancient town. They were close upon the town, when Edmund burstforth with, " look there, Willie! By all that's vexatious, there's Nathan or Nathan's ghost." Not Nathan's ghost surely, for ghosts do not seek refuge from the sun on the shady side of the tree, or lean their backs against the trunk and read pocket-volumes of Shakspeare on a Sunday morning before eutering the church. " If this isn't stealing a march upon us, Ned, I'm hanged! " said Willie. Nathan looked up as they advanced. " What a time you have been, to be sure, Ned." "Where did you spring from?" asked Ned, rudely. " I thought I had left you in bed at the Limes." " Why, didn't I promise to join you in this wild-goose expedition ? " said Nathan ; " and didu't you threaten to walk too fast for me and throw me into a surfeit ? Ha! ha! I thought I would take it easy, and leave you for the rear-guard. Do you know it is nearly half-past eleven ? " " Yes. Why didn't you go into church ? " " What, by myself?" said Nathan, with a look of alarm. " Why nobody knows me here. I shouldn't like to go in by myself." Meanwhile Willie bad caught sight of the title of the book which Nathan was dropping into his pocket. " Shakspeare, Nat?" cried Willie. " That's a nice companion for Sunday." Nathan coloured; but he answered q.uickly— " A companion for all time." " I did not know you were so fond of Shakspeare as all that," said Edmund, " although I have caught you once or twice at Borneo and Juliet." " It's half-past eleven," said Nathan, hurriedly; "come on. Who's lagging behind now ? " And Nathan, who was inclined to be tall, put his long legs out to some purpose, and was the first to reach the front door of St. ^ Peter's Church, where he stopped again. "I say," he whispered, "don't let us enter now. It's BO precious late, and they're all so quiet" " You're as nervous as old Gurnett," said Edmund, pushing him aside. " Out of the way, Sir Nathan Spoon." Edmund passed into the old church of St. Peter's, and Willie and Nathan followed in his steps. The Litany was being read ; the church was full of people; the pewopener was nowhere to be seen ; and the brothers Lanceford stood in the middle aisle waiting to be paid a little attention. Preently Nathan, who was not quite at his ease, let his hat drop with a crash on the stones, at which two little boys on a form near the door began to gurgle inwardly and turn blue. c Edmund was loooking daggers at hiB broher, when the pew-opener slid from behind pillar, touched his arm, and went down the isle, followed by the three Lancefords. Boom or one only in the pew, to which Edmund as oonducted, and Willie and Nathan trotted round the church, the latter very ed in the face with suppressed excitement. r h a f m h "I wish we hadn't come. Oh!" and crash went Nathan's hat again. "What do you keep dropping your hat for?" cried Willie, in an indignant whisper. But Nathan had slunk into a free-seat; an action that seemed so worthy of imitation on the part of Willie, that he followed his brother's example just at the moment as his conductor had found a vacant seat and opened the door of the pew to admit him. I am afraid Willie thought more of the result of this five miles' walk to St. Peter's church than of the prayers which were impressively delivered .from the pulpit facing him. Here he was cut adrift from Brother Ned, and with no chance of seeing Brother Ned's sweetheart, placed side by side—he a Lanceford!—with a palsy-stricken old woman, who kept taking snuff from a horn on the sly, and dropping half of every pinch on his best black trousers. There was Nathan also, three rows in advance of him, and totally disregardful of time and place, trying to make him understand by dumb motions that there was room for another on his seat, and when frowned down by Willie, craning his neck over his poorer brethren in search of Edmund. It took some time for Willie to get cool; less time, perhaps—for he was not an irreverent boy, despite his father's and brother's example—to remember the place wherein he was, and the duty that lay before him. Still, despite the beBt intentions of William Ernest Lanceford, fate was against him that memorable Sunday. The first psalm was given out, and the congregation had risen, when Nathan suddenly appeared advancing on tiptoe towards Willie. " Can't you behave yourself in a pluce of worship ? " cried Willie, sotto voce. " Here's a go, Willie!" whispered Nathan. Who would have thought of this happening?" What happening ? " Look in the pew near the pillar to the right," said Nathan. " What does it all mean?" The psplm began, and Willie glanced in he direction indicated by -Nathan's outtretched finger. Willie could account for athan's excitement then, for he gave a light jump backwards himself, that tookhe old lady next him unawares, and sent'd he snuff out of her horn by wholesale. i f " You ought to'be ashamed of yourselfj a I big boy like you!" she muttered. But Willie did not hear her; he was glancing over the pews to the figure standing by the pillar— the tall figure of his father! What did Mr. Lanceford's presence there indicate ? and whom did it threaten ? Mr. Lanceford was a man fond of his ease, and not partial to churches; something out of the common must have brought that gentleman from the Limes to divine worship in St. Peter's church, Dorchester. Still he stood by the pillar, softly singing the psalm to himself, and keeping his eyes fixed upon the book, to all appearances quite unconscious of his children's propinquity. Nathan went back to his place, whence he kept his distended eyes on his father, till the psalm was ended and Mr. Lanceford had sat down and 'got out of visual range. Even then, Nathan's behaviour was reprehensible, for lie kept rising suddenly to his feet, and looking across the pews towards the apparition that .had so disturbed his equanimity; and not all the taps on his shoulder, from a shocked old villager at the back, could keep him in his seat. Willie re-opened his prayer-book, and, after one glance round the church in search of an invisible Edmund, attempted to compose his thoughts again. But there was no rest for the Lancefords. A few minutes before the sermon, there was a sudden bustle in the pew at the side of Willie, and a young lady looking pale and ill was assisted out by a tall, stern old lady, evidently her mother. Leaning on her mother's arm, the girl passed down the aisle, and through the doors at the end of the church into the sunshine, and the pew-opener, scenting fees, scuttled swiftly after her. Click—another pew-door was opened on the opposite side, and then Edmund Lanceford strode down the aisle in the wake of the ladies. As the outer doors banged rather noisily behind him, Nathan began signalising to Willie, who, not fully comprehending him, tried to frown his brother into more decent behaviour. Willie was bursting with curiosity himself, but he retained his seat, and wished Nathan to do the same. He could not help wondering why Edmund had left the church, whether he had seen his father, or whether the young lady who turned so white a moment since had had anything to do with it. Could it have been Edmund's sweetheart after all ? did he—click. The minister in the pulpit, who had begun his sermon, and the reverent flockbelow who were becoming disturbed by these frequent interruptions, could not refrain from a quick glance in the direction of this fresh noise. It seemed very strange people could not sit still that morning; the heat was not oppressive; was it something in the air, or was it, thought the nervous curate over his MS., something in the sermon ? A second gentleman leaving the church, tripping softly along on tiptoe, and passing noiselessly into the streets of Dorchester. Fresh signalising to Willie, who knew as well as Nathan the name of the gentleman who had thus hastily left St. Peter's. More trouble to Willie's mind—was Edmund likely to be found out?—what would be the result of Mr. Lanceford's discovery ?—what objection could Mr. Lanceford have to his brother Edmund forming an honourable attachment ? Then came the sudden thought that if any trouble were hanging over Edmund Lanceford's head, he had been the cause, for he had suggested this visit to Dorchester, and had in his simple cunning aroused the suspicions of his father. And perhaps, even now, Edmund and his father had met outside the church and were exchanging angry -words ; perhaps—0! he couldn't sit there—the sermon was doing him no good, for he was not listening to a word of it—where was his hat? and let him be off! A snatch at his little silk hat, and then Willie Lanceford making all haste out of hurch; a noise in the free-seats in advance, and then Nathan, alarmed at being left there alone, scrambling from his place, unning down the aisle, running back for is hat, which in his hurry he had forgotten, nd then once more chasing the receding igure of his younger brother. There were any people in the church that morning who ad recognised the LancefordB, and who re- turned home after service to speak of their eccentricities and set them down as all mad together. And, as they were not in the secret, was it a matter for wonderment that they were at a loss to account for the singular behaviour of the great family at the Limes ? Willie was standing bare-headed in the middle of the road, looking vacantly up and down the street, when his brother Nathan joined him. "Why couldn't you keep quiet till the service was over ?" cried Willie, indignantly. " I didn't want to stop," replied Nathan. " I would not be left there all by myself for any money." " You have behaved disgracefully." said Willie. "And you have been a pattern of pro' priet.y,"-rejoined Nathan. "What a stroke of ill-luck I have had!" " And what a sun-stroke you will have if you don't put your hat on," mildly observed Nathan. " Don't stand laughing there, sir," cried Willie, fiercely. " You cannot tell what may be the upshot <.f this. You, who haven't any warmjjblood in you, don't care, perhaps." "All the warm blood in me don't rush to my head and make me foolish," said Nathan, gravely; " and when there is anything to care about, then will be your time to accuse me of want of feelinp." And Nathan Lanceford, full of dignity, turned in the direction of home. Willie looked after him irresolutely, then put on his' hat and went after him. "Nathan," said he, frankly, "you're right, and I am wrong. There is nothing for you to care about, for there is nothing you understand." " PerhapB I can guess," said Nathan, drily. " At all events, Nat, it is nothing you take an interest in, or I am very much mistaken." " You are," was the quiet rejoinder. " What do you mean ?" " There is not one at the Limes who understands, or cares to understand me," said Nathan, in his usual quiet manner, and without the least excitement "I'm the ull, plodding, phlegmatic member of the 1 amily, having the leelings of the oyster, and rather leas than that mollusoa's affec- ! tion. No one, save Mr. Gurnett in school hours, thinks of studying me, offering me his love,—showing towards me anv confidenoe." " But " " But I am to blame as well as the rest of you," said Nathan. " Well, don't think I am grumbling. If anything were to disturb the current of my life, I dare say you and Ned would come out in true colours; and when it is your turn to feel the shock of the storm—and yours or Ned's may come first —then you may judge me better than " Why, you are not jealous of Edmund's affection for me, Nat ? " "I'm not of a jealous nature, Willie," said Nathan. "The oyster, you know, is not of an excitable temperament. Shall we walk on to the Limes ?" " There is nothing else to do," said Willie; " I cannot see Edmund or papa, and home's the word! Do you know, Nat, I would tell you about this—this affair, only I have pledged my word to Ned." "I wouldn't have you break it for the world," was the answer. The rest of the walk to the Limes was spent in silent meditation. Nathan put his hands into his pockets and trudged along with his gaze directed to the dusty road; and Willie, bewildered by the late exhibition on Nathan's part, found his companion disturbing his thoughts as much as the brother he had left behind in DorcheBter. Willie's conscience was troubling him. He had no more thought of studying Nathan than his eldest brother had; he had set Nathan down for a quiet, studious youth, who liked to be left to himself, and he had only paid him attention when desirous of making him the victim of a practical joke. Nathan was a timid fellow,—"a great girl!"—his pursuits were unakin to his brothers'; and so he had been left to drift his own way. The youths were within a mile of the Limes, when Mr. Lanceford, on horseback, rode up to his children. "You are early from church, lads," said he, shaking his whip in a playfully reproachful manner at them. " He who deserts the sanctuary for the world, will find no peace of mind when the world turns against him 1" And with this noble sentiment, Mr. Lanceford rode on. onAprjEB vm. Edmund Lanceford did not make his reappearance at the Limes during that long Sunday—the Lancefords and Mr. Gurnett dined without him. No mention was made of his name,, and no expression of surprise at his absence escaped the lips of the head of the family. It WBB a dull Sunday enough, despite Mr. Lanceford's efforts to sustain the conversation. His children were thoughtful, and Mr. Gurnett was more nervous than usual. Nathan went early to bed, and Willie, unable to sit still and listen to a deep argument between the tutor and his father, gave up at last, and- imitated Nathan's example. He would lie awake and wait for Edmund's passing his room, as he had done on the Friday preceding. He was sure he would be able to keep awake till Ned should come home and tell him the news | but our faith in ourselves always deceives us, and William Earnest was deep in dream-land long before the wanderer stole along the corridor, and listened for a moment outside his door. Mr. Lanceford and Mr. Gurnett continued their argument, and quoted a great many Greek authors after Willie had retired, and brought forth every authority, ancient and modern, to bear for and against their own peculiar views. It was a strange argument; what chain of ideas had brought the subject to the surface perhaps neither of them knew; or possibly one of them sitting there, sipping quietly his wine, knew to the letter, and had his motive for. "Then we conclude according to the old rule, each unconvinced by the other's reasoning ? " said Mr. Lanceford, with a smile. Mr. Gurnett looked up surprised. " Really, Mr. Lanceford, I thought I had made you a convert to my opinions." " To the opinions of one who believes not in repentance—who sides against the teach- ings of a book he professes to have studied all his life—the bible !" " My dear sir," responded Mr. Gurnett, with excitement, " you are wilfully mistaking me—you cannot have paid so little attention to my words. I repeat that there iB nothing in the bible to assure me a man can live in sin, and yet be bitterly repentant for the evil that that sin has caused, and is causing." " It is possible." " It is impossible! " " There is an end to argument," said Mr. Lanceford, shrugging his shoulders in true French fashion; " will you pass the Madeira Mr. Gurnett? " " Will you answer me one more question, Mr. Lanceford?" " Ah! here comes the irresistible homethrust. Proceed." " You are a man of the world, have seen much of its practice, and gathered therefrom much experience. Have you ever met in the world the inconsistent character which you defend?" Mr. Lanceford drank his Madeira, paused a moment, then answered, "yeB." " He is deceiving you and himself." " I think not," responded Mr. Lanceford. " £ have known this man some years now, and I pledge my word for his honour and good faith. I grant that he has sinned, that even in the shallow opinion of many is still sinning; but I believe that man. to be thoroughly repentant. The evil he has caused, he has striven by a hundred different ways to repair. Those who have suffered by his act have been directly or indirectly benefited." " Good heavens, sir! did they accept benefits at his hand? " "They were poor." "They were not honest, or they would have died in their poverty and made no sign !" " The world is scarce of heroes." " It is not short of honest men. thank God!" "Nor prudent ones." These rejoinders were flashed rapidly backwards and forwards, the answer was quick on the lip, and both men were not as calm as usual. They Relieved in his repentance, for they fattened on his infamous'bounty,"' said Mr. Gurnett; "and I presume their protestations have even misled you." "In this case, no," said Mr. Lanceford; " for the man of whom I speak does good by stealth, and would ' blush to find it fame.' " Mr. Gurnett shook his head doubtfully, though he replied:— "Grant it be so. The man is wealthy and can afford to lavish his money on those he has cast in the dust. Generosity is not repentance; such a man hugging still the sin to his heart cannot believe it himself." " What would you have him do ? " " Oast away his sin first, and then turn to God." Mr. Lanceford laughed. " To caBt away the sin, as you term it, may be, for what you or I know, Mr. Gurnett, to cast away some faithful woman whose only hope is in the sinner, and to add one more to the crowd of the forsaken in our streets. Generosity may not be repentance, as you wisely say; but neither is betrayal." " He can provide for her." " He can break her heart in a fashionable way, sans doute." " How many hearts has he broken, and lives shadowed by his sin, that he should stop at only one in his repentance ? " " That one may be—but there is no convincing you, Mr. Gurnett," he added, a little petulantly; " and you will pardon me, but you lose your temper in a controversy." " Your pardon if I have done so," replied Mr. Gurnett; "but I am of an excitable temperament, and feel and express myself warmly when an argument interests me. I trust I have said nothing to offend." Nothing," responded Mr. Lanceford, courteously; " I reason coldly, for my blood runs rather sluggishly in debate, whilst you speak as if the cause which you defend were your own." Mr. Gurnett turned hastily away from the keen glance of his employer, and reached out a shaking hand for the decanter. His nerves were not at bis command that night, for the decanter and glass clinked together noisily. "You reason in the true spirit, however," added Mr. Lanceford; " it is the energy of the soul that gives life to argument, to books, to canvas, and lacking that, we do nothing well. Hark! I hear Mr. Edmund Lanceford, I think." " Surely not," said Mr. Gurnett, listening attentively. Mr. Lanceford rang the bell, and the footman responded. " Has not Mr. Edmund just returned ? " "Yes, sir. He has gone straight to his room." "My ears are quicker than your own, Mr. Gurnett," said he, as the door closed behind the servant; "you see, I am sometimes in the right." "I did not think when we sat down this evening," said Mr. Gurnett, " that we should have discussed so strange a topic, and forgotten him of whom we are both anxious: " He has not been out of my mind a single instant," said Mr. Lanceford; "he has given point to my words and force to my reasoning. I see him in the future either repentant for sin, or standing Ajax-like amidst that lightning which has scathed every happiness—weak as hiB mother, or hard as his sire." "Hard!" repeated Mr. Gurnett. "0! sir, I fear you have been too lenient." "I am lenient in little things—to be always an impertinent meddler in one's children's pleasures, eui bono!" said he. " When the great shock comes, it is time to be great to resist it." " May I aBk if you have settled on any plan since your discovery of this morning, Mr. Lanceford ? " " My plana have been mapped out many years—I never swerve from them." Mr. Lanceford's face wore no longer its easy, mild expression; it was a new countenance that Mr. Gurnett had not seen before. He could not believe, sitting there and nervously regarding it, that the smooth cheeks, the soft grey eyes, the womanly red lips belonging to it, could all have-changed so— settled down, as it were, to an iron determination, that nothing in the world could soften. Was it even the same voice that went on Bteadily and coldly:— "As in a map I have laid out my chil- dren's lives, broadly and fairly, and not compelled to take this petty path, or that little vexatious road, when others might serve their turn, and mine as well. But there are plain facts therein, and those I shall insist on 'with all the power at my command. What has happened to Edmund Lanceford has been prepared for, as a matter of course, Mr. Gurnett. It is the universal complaint; but it is cured by skilful bands with simple remedies. It is made a great deal of in poems and novels ; but only bunglers by their own mistakes make much of it in life. It will happen to Nathan probably, to William Ernest undoubtedly; and it will be my task to watch the progress of the disease, and crush it out as speedily as possible." The wine-glass in his hand shivered as he spoke, and he threw the pieoes into the grate, and looked coolly at the damage done to his white fingers. " Hasty marriages are the worst of evils," said Mr. Gurnett; " a low attachment is but the beginning of trouble; but still there are cases, there are " " The exceptions to the rule have nothing to do with the Lancerords." "And he.is not a youth of very deep feeling—he will easily forget," said Mr. Gurnett. I am not so sure of that," said Mr. Lanceford in reply. " He is not of a persevering nature; there is a considerable amount of indecision in his character." True—but while the spell lasts, he is dangerous." And you are quite certain, Mr. Lanceford, that this engagement—if it be an engagement—is contrary to your plans for his future ? Though I have already given him a lecture myself on the subject, yet I am not quite certain that an early marriage would be the worst thing for a youth like Edmund." "The lives of my children are mapped out, Mr. Gurnett. I have already told you so." " But—but, sir, it is impossible to map their future out according to your wishes— it is above the power of any man." " I will do my best," said Mr. Lanceford, , with a faint smile, as he rose; "if they : would bear my name and share my patri- ; mony, they must follow my - behests. I am not the worst of fathers." And, hugging that conoeit to his bosom, I Mr. Lanceford bade Mr. Gurnett good-night, and went up to his solitary chamber. In the desolateness of that apartment, in its empty splendour vibrating no more with the voioe of his lost wives, was there anything to steel him still more in his purpose, to warn him of the danger of rash marriages, and keep his eyes upon the great map which he— foolish theorist — had lined out for his sons? If the map drawn by the Great Hand had been unrolled at that moment, as he stood there in his chamber, the true tortuous map of those children's lives in the time to come, when his will should be strong, but his hands shAuld be powerless, he might have knelt and prayed, at that instant—he who never prayed!—that such a blow to all his hopes and pride and fatherly affection would be mercifully spared bim. CHAPTER EE. The sun was shining, and the flowers were blooming in a garden a little way from Dorchester. A fair garden of some extent, possessing winding paths, an ivied Burnmerhouse, a smooth green lawn, and a fountain that sparkled gaily in the sunlight. Two ladieB were engaged in fancy gardening at a Bide border; the younger, a dark-haired, dark-eyed girl of seventeen, busily training and trimming a rose-bush into shape; the elder, a very thin and grey-haired lady, with an inflexible back, standing by her side, and receiving into a garden- basket superfluous twigs and rose-leaves that had had their day aud withered. It was a graceful • figure bending over the rose-bush, and it was a bright, speaking face that shook itself away from the raven ringlets, and looked up at last from the shadow of the garden-hat. " You do not find this tiresome occupation, mamma ?" she asked. " Not so tiresome as warm, my dear," responded mamma, who held a silk umbrella over her bead. " Flowers are pretty things enough at proper times and seasons; but at midday, Cicely, in the dog-days, I think Distance lends enchantment to the view." Cicely laughed. "But it is a beautiful day, and a few more weeks will see UB many miles from the roses." " Are you sorry to return to London ? " "N—no, mamma." " I fancied that I heard something like a sigh," said the mother, looking Bteadily at her through her gold-framed spectacles; "and we mustn't begin the ' sighing like furnace ' at seventeen years of age, my child." " Why, mamma, what have I to sigh for ? Everything I wish lies around me, and my mother never turns aside with a ' no.'» " Perhaps if she turned a little more often, Cicely," replied the mother, " she would be doing her duty. But 0! that only child, what a trouble it is! " " And what sorrow and affliction yours has brought you !" "Don'tbe satirical, Miss Mernott," was the reply; " it is not the sharp answer that turneth away wrath. And" so a mother is everything to be wished when she never says 'no.'" "She is sure to be loved, at least," said Cicely. " She may raise up rivals to her own love and happiness by not uttering that little monosyllable," said Mrs. Mernott, " for ' great events from little causes spring.' If I had said • no' to our foolish expedition ou horseback, your life would not have been perilled by that runaway mare, or saved by that young man who calls so often to inquire after your health." The fair daughter of Mrs. Mernott paid closer attention to the rose-bush. He will not take my word that you aro quite well now; and, indeed, my dear, I think he throws great discredit on yours, by persisting in these inquiries. I wonder, Cicely, if there be a time close at hand when your no—or yes—will influence all your life." " O! mamma, you don't think Mr. Ford cares anything for me?" murmured the daughter. "You don't think I—I— I » " Care anything for Mr. Ford ?—certainly not," added Mrs. Mernott. " You receive him with great frigidity of demeanour, never blush when he arrives, and are never thoughtful when he departs,—you, my dear Cicely, exhibit all that prudence, womanly reserve, and command of the feelings for which sweet seventeen has always been remarkable." " 0! mamma, who is satirioal now ? " "My dear Cicely, nature endowed me with a sharp tongue, and I had no mother to oheck me in my youth," was the reply. "The world has called me in my time & severe and bitter woman." " The world was wrong." _" Well, if I have hot been a severe and bitter mother, perhaps the reason lies in having a child worthy to be loved and petted —a gentle loving child, with a heart too impressionable for that world I was alluding to just now. Have you finished gardening?" " Yes." " Come into the summer-house, Cicely. I wish to speak to you." . The girl rose, rested her hand upon her mother's arm, crossed the lawn, and passed with her silently into the summer-house. Under the dark iyy leaves, trailing over the lattice-work above them, the mother spoke —one arm, with all a mother's fondness, round the neck of the only daughter. " Your mother has never had the reputation of being-a dull-witted woman," she -began, " and has seen more of life than most of her sex. Your mother don't begin to find her faculties growing weak, though she has given up the study of human nature nearly eleven years ago. And 'she can guess how the story will end of a romantio -girl and that of a young mBn who stops her run- ' away horse like the hero of the last novel when the young man comes often to the maiden, and even his footfall on the gravel walk outside brings the blush to that maiden's cheeks. Well, well, Cicely, have I a' right to regret the coming of this robber in the early morning, no w your heart iB young? I am a little of the philosopher, and take the good and ill the gods provide with composure. I can say it is well, and I am content, for I shall not leave the world with a daughter fighting single-handed the battle of life. I may have wished a different man for your future husband, may have sketched the coming man, 'in my mind's eye, Horatio•' but still I sit me down and ciy peace be with you both!" "01 mother, always good and kind," murmured the girl, " may not all this be very premature?—may not you be mistaken in the reaBons for Mr. Ford's visits to our cottage ? " " What! do you think he comes after me, Cicely?" Cicely laughed through some incomprehensible tears. " Not exactly that, mamma," she said, in a hesitating manner; " but I don't think we have a right to talk like this. I—I haven't thought of anything like this myself. He may be fond of me—just a little! and I am —that is of course I am grateful for—for the courage that saved me from a serious fall." " But, my dear child, supposing that Mr. Ford made you an offer of his hand, you would; " " 0! mamma," cried Cicely, " you are too premature!" " Well, my dear child, if we have taken time by the forelock, what harm have we done ? Tou and I can speculate on impossible futures' without letting our sanguine temperaments turn our brains the wrong way. You and I are mother and daughter in earnest." Cicely looked up inquiringly. " Mother and daughter now- a-days don't know at confidence, means, and are no longer the companions and friends of old time. Each has her pursuits, friends, pleasures, in a world of frivolity; and there is little time for the affections to strike root. But you end I, Cicely, have been companions all our lives." "Yes." "And whoever claims your hand—Mr. Ford or not Mr. Ford—shall not say I have been the worst of companions and friends; shall not say even, I have given bim a portionless bride, however much he may despise the means by which that portion was earned." "If be dare ! " cried Cicely, with a glowing cheek. "Well, if he dare?" " He will never take Cicely Mernott for better for worse." " Ah! child, you are an enthusiast. You must not be too particular in these times." Cicely sat still burning with indignation ; facing perhaps an imaginary accuser, standing there by the fountain, and fancying she annihilated him with glances from the brightest of eyes. Despise her mother's past profession! *' O, the villain!" doubling her little fists; " let him but whisper it even to his heart, that's all! " An elderly woman hobbled towards them down the garden path, looking messages or arrivals. The desire to save old age too many steps, or the impulee of youth anxious for news—possibly the latter just at that moment—caused Cicely to forestall matters by springing up and running to meet her. " It's no one for you, Miss," said the old woman, with a meaning smile that brought the colour to Cicely's cheeks; " it's a gentleman wishes to see your mamma." Mrs. Mernott had quick ears; she had heard the words of her landlady from the summer-house, and was already advancing towards her. " A gentleman to see me, Mrs. Pike ? " " Yes, ma'am. He gave me his card ; but I don't know where I put it in my flurry." She turned the contents of a stockingshaped pocket into a checked apron, and picked the card at last from a melange of keys, thimbles, bits of biscuit, and tradesmen's bills. " Here it is, ma'am. You'll excuse ceremony." Mrs. Mernott settled ber spectacles more firmly, and read, under the creBt of the tiger and mace, the name of Mr. Edmund Harlington Lanceford. " Some mistake, Mrs. Pike," she said; " I have hot the pleasure of this gentleman's acquaintance. Stay," she added with a sudden change of colour as she Tead the name again ; " I will see him. Where is he?" "In the back drawing-room, ma'am." "Will you wait in the summer-house till my return, Cicely ? " "Oil must not neglect my roses," said Cicely. " You will find me very busy when you return." Cicely intended to be very busy; but her mother's thoughts had disturbed her too much. Once again before the rose-bush, and the garden scissors fell to the ground, the roses bloomed on unseen, and the. withered leaves were utterly ignored. Her mother had raised a bright dream, dissipated a few doubts, and made her very happy. She could think of Mr. Ford now, and of a future wherein he would be the bright figure in the foreground of life. For he loved her; yes, very dearly loved her ! She knew it, though her maiden sensitiveness would hide it a little while longer, even from the mother. That very day—for be had spoken of a visit that day,—was to end all uncertainty. Meanwhile Mrs. Mernott had paused at the little flight of steps leading to the glassdoors of the drawing- room, and read the card once more. She was quick at jumping at conclusions, and not always, as in this instance perhaps, leaping in the wrong direction, for she said, with a knitted brow— "Mr. Edmund Harlington Lanceford— Lane8-ford! God forgive my too suspicious heart! but I have a strange foreknowledge of the object of this visit." She was still regarding attentively the card as she passed the glass-doors into the drawing-room, wbere tbe head of the house of Lanoeford awaited her coming. Mr. Lanceford rose from the easiest chair be had been able to find in the room, and bowed; Mrs. Mernott thrust the card into the pocket of her French apron, and gracefully acknowledged his salntation. There was no small -degree of observation evident in both pairs of eyes in those few seconds of greeting. The man of the world scanned closely, even curiously, the tall-lady before him; and the eyes behind Mrs. Mernott's glasses did not let Mr. Edmund Harlington Lanceford escape her. " Good-morning, madam." " Good-morning, dr." " I mnst confess to an agreeable surprise in this first moment of meeting," said Mr. Lanceford, making another bow, accompanied this time by a smile which had no 'representative on the grave face of the lndy; ' "I was totally unprepared to find in Mrs. Mernott that fascinating, actress wbo eleven or twelve yeat)9 since took the world by surprise with her retirement from the stage—a prematura rttiiwnent, which all true lover* of the Thespian art have not ceased to regret." " Few true lovers of that art would have recognised me so speedily as Mr. Lanceford," she replied, still gravely. " You have the best of memories, sir." " It would be impossible to forget " " Stars of the theatrical world, sir, .are evanescent at the best. A few years and the world has done with them, and is giving its plaudits to tbe new constellations that have risen in their stead. It is very possible to forget, Mr. Lanceford, I assure you." Mr. Lanceford, taken aback by Mrs. Mernott's stolid demeanour, and the indifferent manner in which his compliments had been received, was for a moment at a loss to continue. Mrs. Mernott, looking rather of the falcon species through her spectacles— perhaps a ray of sunlight in the bright room had only caught the glasses, however,— hastened to add: — " PoBBibly Mr. Lanceford has other reasons for remembering me ? " " Not in tbe leaBt, madam." " May have been an ardent admirer of the drama eleven or twelve years since ? " Mr. Lanceford shook his head, and hazarded the remark that he was a slave to time, not time to him, when Mrs. Mernott was reaping laurels. He had seen her twice —perhaps thrice; and he was.possessed of a good memory, that was all. " Presuming it is not with the object of paying me compliments that I am indebted to the favour of this visit, may I take the liberty of asking Mr. Lanceford to state the nature of his business ? " " We will, dear madam, proceed to business at once," was the reply; "may I beg you to be seated ? " Mrs. Mernott composed herself in the chair by the open window, and Mr. Lanceford drew his own chair opposite her. Seated so near her, with one hand resting lightly on the small flower-stand which separated them, and with tbe soft summer air stealing into the room, Mr. Lanceford, by a movement of his head, could take in the garden beneath, the fountain playing on the lawn, the figure of the maiden before the distant roses. " A fair picture, madam." Mrs. Mernott slightly inclined her head in assent. Your daughter, probably ?" with a movement of his hand in the direction of the garden. "My daughter, Mr. Lanceford." The more of gentlemanly courtesy evinced by Mr. Lanceford, the less impression it appeared to make on Mrs. Mernott. AB he smiled, and bowed, and displayed his company manners—and Mr. Lanceford was the best of company, his friends said—the stiffer became the form of his listener, and the greater trouble it seemed to bend her head. " May I inquire her age ? " " She is in her eighteenth year." " A tender age—an impressionable age, madam," said he. "You agree with me?" " Pray proceed, sir," with a slight movement of impatience. "Is it of my daughter you would speak ? " " Unfortunately—yes." "Unfortunately?" repeated Mrs. Mernott, keeping her eyes fixed on her visitor. " Mrs. Mernott, I need not have recourse to circumlocution in relating the little I have to say," he began; "you and I are of the world, have mixed much within it, and can easily understand each other, and I pray you to believe that I mean no disparagement to the graces and accomplishments of Miss Mernott, that I acquit both her and you of any intention against the happiness of my house." " Thank you," was the dry response. " To lay the matter clearly and briefly before you, I will only Bay, you have a daughter—I have a son. My son is young, unstable, self-willed, a trifle unsteady, and calls here very often ;—your daughter is, as I have said, of an impressionable age, and may see more meaning in his polite attentions than he can possibly design. You have views for your daughter—I have already decided on the future of my son. Your views, I fear, do not agree with mine; our different positions in society, the class distinctions which separate us both, cannot but tend to the unhappiness of this young romantic couple; and, however I may regret those distinctions I have mentioned, I am sure you will see the necessity for putting an end to an intimacy, the continuance of which can only produce harm." " What do you suggest ? " was the brief query that followed this long speech. "I would respectfully suggest for youT daughter's sake an immediate departure from Dorset. Any expense that " Sir, I have not spoken of expense— surely class distinctions do not warrant you in thus delicately insulting me ? " Mrs. Mernott spoke without irritation ; but there was a peculiar ring in her voice—a hard metallic ring—that made Mr. Lanceford look up and replv hastily:— My dear Mrs. Mernott, ten thousand pardons if I have unintentionally pained you. I would suggest then a departure from Dorset; there is always danger in these singular attachments, and for your daughter's sake I am assured you will not linger." What danger threatens my child, sir ? " The danger of her affections not being fairly or honourably reciprocated—the danger that besets " Pardon, my dear sir; but I do not fear my daughter, or believe that your solicitude for her safety has brought you hither in such haste," said Mrs. Mernott. " You complimented me at an earlier period of this interview by supposing I had some share of worldly knowledge—I believe I have. That bitter knowledge will not let me think that your interest for me and mine is greater than the fears for your son bringing discredit on aspotleBB name. Let me calm' your alarm at once by 6aying that the daughter of an actress shall not wed your son—that were it your wish and his, I pledge my word solemnly it should not be 1" "Indeed!" "You have generously drawn a dark picture of your son for my sake; excuse me if I think you were nearer the mark than you believed. Your son has come here with a flimsy rag of disguise around bim—deceived us with, a false name and a string of polite statements concerning his birth, parentage, and pursuits, which the world yon and I know BO much about would honestly call lies. It is not a young gentleman like him, whatever service he may. have accidentally rendered us, or to whatever family he may belong—the L&ncefords; came over with the Conqueror, of course—that shall call my daughter wife. I think we may close the conference." Mr. Lanceford was looking into the garden. He rose. " I was not aware that he had come under a false name. That was," looking shocked, 'f very wrong of him." " He may not be the first of the Lancefords who has done amiss in that respect," was the response of Mrs. Mernott, with her sharp eyes on the watch for an effect behind the spectacles. " Perhaps some remote ancestor of yours, sir, has masqueraded in his time, fallen in love with actresses or daughters of actresses, and, secure, in hiB Bheep's clothing, disguised the wolf too well. ^ I only suppose so, Mr. Lanceford, for I, like the monkey in the fable, have seen a little of the world." Mr. Lanceford looked more intently into the garden as she spoke; for a moment bit his lip and frowned. " That ancestor's vagaries might account for the family horror of the stage, and the' belief that all whose lives are passed before the footlights are beings of a lower nature, unworthy of an honest man's respect. That is a belief not confined to the great Lanceford race; there are many Prynnes and Baxters living- now who will not give us credit for a Bingle virtue, but who will stoop to lay to our charge the blackest vice. But, sir, tell your family that the power to resist temptation and live honestly is not extinct even amongst players! " ' Madam, I have said nothing against the *e," said Mr. Lanceford; " why defend so nobly that sphere which I have no deBire to attack? " " You have spoken of class distinctions a great deal, and have not much faith in actresses. Probably, had you known whom you were about to visit, you would have adopted another course to save your son from danger." "No; for you as a mother will believe I have acted fairly and openly in this matter." Mrs. Mernott inclined her head slightly, possibly by way of assent. Mr. Lanceford rose, bowed low, and moved towards the door—stood at the door a moment as if hesitating. She was a woman who had received him stoically—a clear-sighted woman too, who perplexed him. He would like to have added a few more smooth phrases before his exit, and thus have left behind him a favourable impression; but there was nothing in Mrs. Mernott's manner that invited him to prolong the interview. He had succeeded in his mission ; the fears of the mother were aroused, and he had not incorrectly played his game. True; one or two ugly remarks had crept in at the close to trouble him, and he was doubtful if chance or design had sent tbe arrows flying to a wound that he had never owned, and which he had thought long hidden from all eyes. He would call it chance, although that tall woman by the window might have lived in bis past, and borne his face or voice in memory many years. 0! those many years intervening between that past and now— years of sin, sorrow, or repentance, spent with whom and in what manner—0 ! those many secret and 6trange years! Mr. Lanceford rode away exulting, and the lady whom he had left remained by the stand, bright with flowers, and looked sadly into the garden, where the daughter still lingered, and the waters of the fountain still sparkled in the sunlight. " Poor girl. It was a dream. God be thanked it has its waking so early !" Let us leave mother snd daughter on the verge of the awakening—it will be many years before we meet them again. f lb Se continued.J THE CENTAL SYSTEM. (From the Jiallarat Star.) IT is due to the intercolonial commercial conference held in Sydney to have, amongst other subjects, recommended the introduction in Australia of the cental system of selling all kinds of grain and flour. The resolutions of the conference were subsequently adopted by the chambers of commerce of Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, and Hobart Town. Such an improvement and simplification of business transactions was so obviously desirable that the committee of the Melbourne chamber of commerce had hoped to see it initiated at the beginning of the present year. It was found, however (to quote the language of the late president), " that the various classes interested throughout tbe colony could not be brought into the arrangement without some further extension of time, and that it was still less possible to bring about a simultaneous adoption of the new system on the part of the other colonies within the time originally contemplated." The committee, after conferring with the trade and with the government, obtained from the late chief secretary and commissioner of trade and customs, a promise to communicate with the governments of the other Australian colonies and New Zealand, suggesting that, if they regarded the proposed change with the same favour as the Victorian government, they would severally use their influence to bring it into operation in their respective colonies on and after 1st July next. The late Victorian ministers fulfilled their promise, and the committee of the Melbourne chamber of commerce sent a similar communication to the chambers at Sydney, Adelaide, and Hobart Town, which it was found were all endeavouring to make the proposed change. In Adelaide the local chamber haB resolved, in conjunction with the millers and corn-dealers, to commence selling and quoting prices at per the 100 lb., instead of the bushel of many weights, on 1st July. Indeed, in that city, quotations are already given at per cental as well as at per bushel, and the proposed cbange meets with little or no opposition from the farmers. At the meeting of the Melbourne chamber on Wednesday last, there was a unanimous expression in favour of the cental system being adopted; but there was a doubt as to whether all the necessary arrangements could be made by 1st July. Eventually, as the meeting was not a numerous one in consequence of the English mail being in course of delivery, it was determined to adjourn till Monday afternoon. As we have indicated in reference to South Australia, the farmers are but feebly remonstrating against the change, nor do we find in our immediate district the least sign of opposition to the introduction of a measure which will eo greatly simplify all transactions in these particular commodities. - In Great Britain thecental system has already been introduced with the best success at Liverpool and some other centres; and the subject is now engag- ing tbe attention of most of tbe chambers of agriculture. In the month of November last, at a council meeting of the central chamber for the purpose of considering the present unsatisfactory method of taking the corn averages, and the necessity for a uniform system of weights and measures, it Was resolved " that the corn averages as at present taken are fallacious, and that tbe buyers' returns should be limited to purchases from the growers only." It was also resolved that in the opinion of the council " all agri-. cultural produce should be sold by weight only.'" It was shown that even in the sale of grain, in some places a bushel meant a bushel measure, in others 60 lb., in others 63 lb., and others 62J lb. It was then resolved " that the cental of 100 lb. should be the standard." Tbe Scottish Chamber of Agriculture has recently shown a great deal of interest in the question of uniformity of weights and measures, and it is known that the members are strongly in favour of the cental system. The Farmer for 2nd February, in reviewing the chamber's operations on this subject, says, " everybody has come to the conclusion that a uniform system of weights and measures is not only - desirable but strictly necessary, and that until some change be made, trade will continue to be hampered with the complex systems presently in use." In an article on the subject of weights and measures, the Shrewsbury Chronicle states:—" There can be no doubt that in moving in this matter farmers are proceeding in a good direction. At present any one interested in corn, for instance, is sadly at a loss to make out the rates of the markets all over the country. In fact, it is next to impossible to do so. A Carlisle bushel is different from an imperial one; a Berwick or Kelso boll varies from an Edinburgh or Linlithgow one; and a windle differs from all." Of late, proceeds our authority, " we have heard some doubtB expressed as to tbe accuracy of the measure in testing weights, also expressions of opinion that different market officers have different ways of filling the measure. If corn was Bold by the cental, caBes of this kind could not happen. A buyer would know exactly what weight he bad got; and as to the quality of the grain, that should be determined by his own skill and judgment." It is undoubtedly true that in these colonies we have simplified our dealings in hreadstuffs ; but still there is considerable difficulty in arriving at the exact value of what is sold. In selling grain the use of the measure has been discarded ; but the bushel is still retained as the standard, and heDce it has become necessary to fix certain weights of grain that are supposed to fill that measure. " Different species of grain vary greatly in weight (observes the Geelong Advertiser), and thus wheat is reckoned at 60 lb. to the bushel, maize at 56 lb., barley at 501b., oats at 40 lh., while bran and pollard are assumed to weigh 20 lb. to the same measure. The consequence of this is, that in all sales it is necessary first to reduce the weight into standard bushels, and then to calculate the price at the sum agreed on per bushel, and this is an operation that is often beyond the ability of good practical husbandmen. When such is the case they are either compelled to take the result given by the better informed purchaser, or else they have to seek the intervention of a third party to check the result. This is often exceedingly undesirable, and it ought to induce all concerned in such transactions to do all in their power to induce the general adoption of a more easy and simple mode of conducting the business connected with such dealings. This can be best effected by tbe introduction of the cental system, or the selling of all grain by the standard of 100 lb." We may observe that the cental system is very generally adopted in Continental Europe and in America. The little opposition which has been shown to its introduction to the Australian colonies is wholly due to the indisposition for change which so extensively characterises people of British experiences or origin. As it is not to be expected the new system will be received without a growl, it has been said that farmers will find great difficulty in knowing how much to charge for the cental of grain, as they have so long been used to buying and selling by the old bushel standard. But such difficulties are more imaginary than real in determining the value of a cental at a given price per bushel. It has been given as an illustration that wheat at 6s. per bushel will be worth about 10s. per cental. The cental of barley will be two bushels; of oats, two and a half bushels; of bran and pollard, five bushels; and the price of a standard cental can therefore be easily determined. Or with wheat at 5s., the calculation is simple enough, for that is just Id. per lb.; so the addition of 40d. to the price of the bushel brings the cental to 8s, 4d. Besides, after the new mode has fairly been established, quotations will all be given at per cental instead of per bushel, and farmers can thereby tell therefrom comparative prices, and rises and falls in prices, at least as readily as they can by inspection of the present market reports. 