Strange Stories. ANOTHER proof of tho old adago " murder will out" is given hy tho Trenton Sentinel : It is forty years ago, or more, since tho dead body of a stranger was found in the woods, near tho Stony brook bridge, about one milo to tho east of Penning ton, a village in Now Jersey county. We wore children then, residing near said village, and remem ber the circumstance well. It was an incident to make an impression in a quiet rural neighbourhood. Years later, when we boys used to go in to swim in that locality, moro or loss fears were always excited by reference to the circumstances, for boyhood, as well as ago, is superstitious. Nobody believes in ghosts, and almost everybody is afraid of thom ! Tho body was found in a sitting posture against a beech treo. Tho faco distorted, the eyes protruding as though tho dead man had died in agony. His hat lay a fow feet from him. His dress betokened one in comfortable circumstances. Ho was a stranger, and no ono over remembered to havo seen him. There was no money upon the corpse, Tho body, without special examination, was buried, wo forgot where. There were no wounds upon it, and no evidence of violence At that day, public scrutiny was not so accute in reference to tho mysterious deed, and no verdict of supposed murdor was recorded. And now comes the strango elucidation of the case. A few days since accident placed in our hands a copy of the Manchester (England) Examiner. In the number wo found tho dying confession of a man named Daniel Hulseman, acknowledging to a murder perpetrated forty years ago, in the state of Now Jersey, United States of America. The murdered man's namo was James Eborhart. The murderer was acquainted with his victim in tho old country, and carno out about ono year before him. Hulseman %vas. a tanner, and worked in New York. YvTion Eberhort carno out ho sought out his old acquaintance. Ho had about £200 in money. On pretence of examining the country and purchasing land, Hulseman started with Eberhart on a tour through New Jersey. He had with him a flask of poisoned brandy, as he resolved to murder his friend for the money he had. They first stopped at Princeton, and then concluded to walk across tho intervening nine miles to Pennington, the weather being pleasant, and public travel being greatly circumscribed. ÁVhen within a mile of tho latter place they Btepped over into the woods, under a tree to partake of some victuals they had procured before starting. ^ Hulse man then passed his flask to his companion, who drank liberally, and died within an hour thereafter in fearful agony. Hulseman looked on all the while. Ho then robbed him of his monoy, and set him up against the tree, as before described. There are still old men about Princeton who will remember this event. It seems almost marvellous that after the lapse of forty years this affair should have como to hight by a death-bed confession, three thousand miles from tho place of commission ; and yet it ÍB even se. Tho Nord relates tho following incident which has happened at Flossingue, in Holland:-"A wife exas perated by tho continual drunkenness of her hus band, threatened him with death. Some days ago she attempted to put this threat into oxecution. There was but an attic above tho sitting-room. To this 8ho ascended, mado a holo in tho floor, and passed a rope through it, ono end of which fell into the room below, whilo tho other remained fastened in tho attic. She then descended, made a slip-knot in tho rope, and awaited her husband's return. Ho at last arrived, and was much surprised to receive no reproaches on his bad conduct. "There is something underhand hore,' thought ho, ' I must seo.' We must premise that this scono took placo in complete dark ness. The husband, whose suspicions were roused, let himself fall into a chair, and appeared to sleep profoundly. After some snoring ho felt a ropo passed round his neck ; he then understood tho little trick that was to bo played lum, but did not movo. His wife went up to the attic, and taking advantage of this moment's respite, tho drunkard relieved him self of his rope, and fastened it to the foot of the stovo, which soon wont up to tho ceiling with a frightful noise, caused by tho fall of somo crockery which was standing upon it. Tho wife, thinking tho noiso was caused by tho fruitless struggles of her husband, ran to tho police-office to declare that she had found her husband hung. Tho police arrived in hot haste, and a candle was lighted, whon all started back at tho spoctaclo which presented itself. Tho stovo was swinging gracefully in Bpaco, and tho husband sat gravely smoking his pipo. Instead of a suicide, an attompt to murdor was established against the wife, who was arrested." Tho Sporting Gazette states that tho salo of tho late Lord Darby's breeding stud will take placo at Knowsley Boon after tho Liverpool Stcoplechaso, undor tho suporintendonce of Messrs. Tattersall. Tho catalogue contains thirty-two lots, and includes ten yearlings, Bixteen brood marcs, and tho stallions Capo Flyaway and Do Clare. Amongst tho brood mares aro Basquino (the dam of Muntilla), Raneo, Wood Nymph (dam of Warrior), Star of India (dam of Indian S"tar and Northern Star), and Repulse. Caaçzou will not be sold. 