A TRANCE. ('A Soul's Parting,' in All the Tear Round.) At length one evening Charles was aroused from doz ing by a noise in his room. On looking round he found that toe sound came from Scour Thercse, who was weeping violently. Then toe truth at once flashed on liim that Clara was dead. Yes ; why hide it from him ? Her spirit, while he slept unconscious of his Ioes, had died away hke a sweet strain of music. The night was far advanced when Charles Temple awoke from toe uneasy sleep into which, notwith standing his mission nf srief. or rather because of it. physical weakness made him fall. _ He had been dreaming that he wandered with his pretty wife in the deep Devonshire lane where first he wooed her. He thought he had given her a white rose from his breast. She took it ; but as she was about to place it in her dress a drop of blood from her heart suddenly fell upon the snowy petals ; at which he started and awoke with that sort of vague nervous ness in hiB mind which not unusually haunts even healthy people for a few minutes after awaking from a disturbed dream. Hardly knowing what he ex pected to see, he glanced timidly round. Stem Therese had left the room, as it was her custom to do when her patient slept ; and he could distinguish the sound of her regular heavy breathing as she slum bered in toe next apartment. The candle which stood on a distant table flickered fitfully as though fanned by an invisible shroud fluttering somewhere near it in the air. In its wavering light dark shadows crept about in the comers of the room, like toe black robes of dead Sisters of Charity, who had returned to visit die scene of toeir labours during life. Outside the wind rose and fell in long measured sighs ; and a few raindrops, wliich came down at intervals, pattered against the window like fingers of shivering ghosts who were there tapping for admission. A strange sad fancy now seized Charles, a fancy wliich, considering toe natural cast of the young poet's tnind, toe delirium from wliich his brain had so lately recovered, and liis bodily weakness might well lie accounted for. He assured himself that Clara's spirit was about to visit him. ... A clock in the town struck tlie quarter, and then began its chimes to play a tune, but suddenly stopped in toe middle, as though it were terrified at the sound of its own voice in toe silence of the night. ' Clara, Clara, where arc you:' he murmured in his great trouble of mind. Tlie words had hardly left liis lips when a low sigh sounded through the room. He started. Did that sigh come through the air from afar, or was it breathed close to him r And now there appeared upon toe crimson fringe of tlie bed curtain, which was lowly drawn back, a little transparent white hand. Then a faint cry hurst from- Charles -Temple, and a tremor ran through his frame. It was arrayed in shimmer ing white, and the form was so light that it might liave been wafted to him. on toe midnight breeze. The face, in place of the bright changeful complexion, showed the ashy grey pallor of death, and though the checks, wliich had been round and dimpled, were hollow and sunk, toe face was the same face that he had loved so well. There was no more sparkle of life in the eyes wliich were turned upon him with a fixed mournful gaze, and lit with a strange unearthly lustre. On toe colourless lips there rested a faint smile as of a moonbeam falling on a field of snow. That smile was the most ghastly thing in the whole apparition. It was as though the brilliant smiles that used to flash on him the warm sunshine of mirth and love were reflected by unnatural light in some distorting mirror. For two or three minutes Charles gazed at the phantom in silence. A great awe, an unutterable sadness, was upon him, — a sadness not unmixedwitoa vague melancholypleasure at toe proof given, by this visit of her spirit to him after death, of her undying love. At length he spoke in a soft whiBper, for he half feared that the sound of his voice would break toe spell in which he lay. ' My wife, my love,' he said, ' you are then come to take a last leave of me, to- tell me that I am still dear to you.' ' I was just now with toe angels, but they have let me come to you again,' replied a low voice that was like the voice of toe oldClaraheardfrom afar. ' You love me still, Charles?' ' Love you, my heart's first and last darling,' he rejoined in tones dulled by the strong pressure of his emotion. ' There are many spirits here who watch you, although I have been away. The room is full of them,' said toe same low, sweet voice. He shuddered, as well a. mortal man might shudder to hear one of the novices of heaven tell what she saw with her faculties. ' Hark ! ' the voice went on, while a transparent hand was raised, ' toe spiritB talk together. But there is a bright light around me. The engel again takes my hand. Let me kiss you once more upon earth, my Charles.' Then the spectre bent down slowly towards him ; hut at that moment a great fear, overpowering his weakened faculties of body and mind, came upon Charles Temple, and he fainted. Sacur Therese overslept herself that morning, so that the sun was up before her, and was throwing a chain of gold through the half-drawn window curtains on toe door of her pa tient's room as she entered it. AVhen . she looked towards toe bed she crossed herself and called on toe' A'irgin. Beside Charles Temple there lay another fotm. As soon as she had somewhat recovered her self, and was able to examine more closely, Sceur Therese found that . it was the dead body of his wife. She was lying with her arms around Temple, who was completely insensible, with her head resting on his breaBt. Many were toe stories to which this strange circumstance gave rise among the good sisters, who folly believed, and indeed still say that the body of tlie heretic lady was carried at mid night by the Evil One to toe apartment of her heretic husband. Dr. Bemardinc found, however, a more realistic way of accounting for the marvel. AVhen the sister who watched beside Mrs. Temple believed that she died, she had really sunk into a deep trance like sleep. To save liimself unnecessary pain, the doctor had not visited toe supposed corpse of his favourite. Had he done so, he perhaps would liave discovered toe mistake. Clara had awakened from her trance in a delirious state, and the passing strength given by fever had enabled her to rise. Her love for Charles being the one remaining note of harmony amid toe discords of toe poor- girl's brain, she had gone straight into his room, which was not far from her own. bite entered the room while Charles slept, and seated herself behind the curtain of his lied, as slie used to when nursing him. When he called for her she had risen, and made herself visible to him. Her mind during her illness had been dwelling so much on death and eternity that it was little wonder if her wandering talk was of angels and spirits. The ephemeral strength of fever had soon given way ; toe dazzling light which often pre cedes fainting had come before her eyes, She had sunk upon her already unconscious husband, folding her wasted arms around him, and nestling -her poor little head against the dear familiar breast. No aid had been at hand to keep toe flickering ppark of life alight within her ;' and bo she passed away, to' be, in mth, one ei the angels. 