HOME NEWS FROM A FRENCH POINT OF VIEW. PAIIIS, lGth July. The excitement of the French for a Foreign war is quite n different thing from that of a revo lution. In the latter political passions aro divided -thore is fratricidal hate, and pitiless revenge. In the former, as is the case'now, the whole nation rises as one man to shake the great ailliction real or imagined- off. All voices are for war, and though wisdom may cry out as loud as she pleases in the streets, no one regards her. No doubt in their dreams the French see only visions of the shocks of armies. Dogs dream of bones, and fishermen of fish, and the military character of the Gauls ia as intensified. Fighting is their natural element-peace, hut. apparently a rest before re- engagement. In Europe, France must be first-this position she will never abdicate while a drum and a bugle can call her sous to glory. The parting with life has no terrors for them; head-foremost they plunge into danger; the more difficult the more honorable, and truly seek a bubble reputation at the cannon's mouth. Incapable to restrain a jealosy moat sensitive, the French since 18GG have chafed at the sight of Prussian aggrandisnient. They havo with un concealed rage seen Bismarck eating up the petty rulers of Germany to curry out the greatest idea of modem times-the unification of sixty millions of people, kept apart by the selfishness or ambition of Lilliputian potentates. He desired to gathor the scattered Teutons into one Ibid, undor one shepherd. He had arranged everything-it only required the " old horse," as ho openly declared the king, to take the fcncc and clear it. The old horse, full of mettle still, without spurring, was equal to the occasion. Since that successful leap in the dark-the French Parliament, the club orators, the press, have never lost an occasion to chant the "downfall of Paris," and upbraid the Emperor with having failed to uphold the legiti mate dignity of France. With this lesson brought home to men's business and bosoms, a state of chronic unrest was duly produced, and reflected in a general instability of trade and commerce. It was the shadow of Prussia that caused all. Hence only a spark was required to fire the train—a word to slip the nation from its leash. The French Foreign Secretary applied the match, expressed tho word, and two of the most advanced nations in civilisation — frightfully energetic and ex tremely rich, with enormous resources—settle for the spring at each other's throats. France, tho home of wit, the centre of intelligence—with her history of sacrifices for human liberty—goes to decimate Germany—the land of science and philo sophy—the birthplace of thought, of reform—the country of Goethe and Schiller—and to be deci mated in return. Draw a veil over civilisation. Let's talk of graves, of worms, of epitaphs. Let's ope " The purple testament of bleeding war." In so secretly conveying the offer of the crown of Spain to Leopold Ileheuzollern both Prim and Bismarck intended to cast a slight on France-it was no viewed, and resented. The Prince, to save the Continent a bloody struggle, resigned the bauble. Here again, Prussia did not go out of her way to be complimentary to France. It waB Leopold's papa that, informed Prim and the French Prime Minister of his SOU'h disinterestedness, and the Miuinter, over joyed, broke through all diplomatic etiquette, by hawking the telegram about, and boasting the honor of France was saved, and peace secured. But he reckoned without his host. The latent burniug desire of the nation-of the army-to cross bayonets with the Germans was awakened ; war must be arranged, a peg secured to fasten a quarrel oil Prussia. Perish tho Ministry that cannot secure this, and a few hours will show tlio number of their days. King William must cut humble pie tli.it would imperil liia throne, or fight. lie must sign u hniniliiitiiiu: bond, under taking never to consent to Leopold's being king hereafter, lie broke faith about the Treaty of Prague; conjure that before his eyca like a Bunquo's ghost, but don't let him slip this time through our finger, when tho army is so perfectly prepared-the cause just and the weather fine. The Legi.sliiture and the Ivnperor must be the interpreters of the national fueling. A plague on your parliamentary system that gives Ministers unequal to the occasion ! Iteeali ambassadors ; proclaim war against Northern Germany; placard it over the walla of Palis, the towns of the Empire; take Luxembourg to-day, Coblentz to-morrow, ami occupy Berlin the day after. Finish within our cbarteied time-three days. Break up tho Confederation. The villiiny Bis-, mnrck taught let 11 execute, by annexing Rhenish PriiBflia ; restore Hchlenwig to the gallant Danes, whom we left to struggle alone in ISO'-i; restore George the Fifth to his loving Iianovarians, John to Ilia Saxons; set Southern Germany free, and give n lmnil to the resuscitation of Austria. Such ia to be the programme. In demanding King William to do more than wliut was originally demanded, France has evoked the resistance of the Confederation. The Germans are not despicable troops, mid France will fight now under conditions ilillerent from the divided days of 1808. She has recalled her children who are employed in France, largely as commercial clerks, and extensively as hewers of wood and drawers of water. It must be a relief foi them to depart for the Confederate Landwehr. The de monstrations against them by the populace were at boiling point. Tho war journals hail fallen back on the literature of animosity. Anything is good enough to throw at a dog. The Berangers of the cafe concerts have given ballads ol their best, all attuned to the Marseillaise, and the burthen of which is that the Prussians will never reign in France. England had the honors of this prediction formerly, then during the Crimean times it passed to the Ku.viinns. The old properties have some virtue still. In a few days the theatres will keep the sacred flame burning by screaming farces and genteel comedies, at the expense of Father land. P#ris seems to live in its atreeta. " No thorough Cure," might lio noticed up in the principal rues. It i.n« collisions blockade of excited masses de manding Wllr> crying aloiul for satisfaction, aud the more profound, because (lie want cannot be spe cifically diagoniaed. Young men of all clnasea parade the streets with tricolors, vociferating for war. "Down with the Prussians-with Ui8 marlc." lint lone; live France - the Cabinet of "honest men," as the members styled themselves ? only excepted. Its attitude has been epileptical -discretion and indiscretion-its conduct at once rash, fechle, mid inconsistent. Instead of mount ing the Capitol to tliauk the gods, it ought to pass to tho Tarpeian rock. ' ii: tost ;;o.il of Trimson's raco." 'I ho Lmperor vows to the nation lie will lead the army to the glory, and SL- cure a dozen yenro of peace at home, and the advent of his fon to the throne, despite the knocking at the pates of France by the Orleanist Princes for admission, lie cannot resist the current of the national feel ing, so, like IJrennus the Gaul, he throws his sword into the scale. The preparations are moat formidable. All tho railways are occupied in transporting military stores to tho frontier, as well as men to use them. I he moveable National Guard, where every man, of a fighting age, must serve, without distinction, is being rapidly mobilised, and will occupy tho military positions of the Empire, while the regu lar army is cutting itn way to Berlin. Spain counts as nothing in this affair. Francis regards her as but the cats' paw. I Lowever, sho will be watched on the frontier. The struggle opens with a duel between France and Prussia. The wind is being sown, hut how many of the " neutrals" will escape reaping the whirlwind? Italy is sure of Rome. What will tho Czar do it is time to be looking after his " sick man." If inter arma silent lef/fs be true, it will also hold good in the case of general news. Where is the country indifferent to a commotion in Europe? I low small appears the passing of the dogma of Infallibility. It is one Grand Lama more-it is not uo much the official ratification of an ncceptcd position after the lapse of eighteen centuries, as | the declaration ol war between the Church and Society, and which will in time bear fruit, in l separating Cburebcs from States. To-day we i want the clergy of Lutheranism and Catholicism to pray to the God of Battles-to-morrow to chant a De Pro/uudix, and in a week a Te Dnim. The sittings oi the High Court of Justice at Blois-the transport of the sixty accused from Paris, like n chain gang to utaml their trial pshaw! tho Lyons' exhibition-and the reported Chinese massacre, pass as unheeded aa the moon's total eclipsc. Give us the statistics of iron clads, of chassepots, of thoso mitrailleuses on both sides, that promise to end the war, by leaving 110 combatants to' continue it. What about the economy effected in the budget- the cuppression of the "inspector of emigration,"-who had no emigrants to inspect. All very excellent, it gives more grist to the war mill. Hut vote supplies at pleasure for the army of reserve-for rifled cannon and repeating carbines. The " strike" at Mulhousc among 20,000 artisans, including the honorable guild ol sweeps! It is but a flash in the pan. Pass to the latest telegram-the hundredth edition of " The Situation"-the plan . of the German fortresses-the calculation when the tricolor will float at Berlin-the conditions o£ poace-anei the day when Paris will illuminate for : victory. The "Drought" is forgotten like everything else. But if France is able to pay for her glory, she can also pay for a famine. In a river skirting Foutaincbloau there is a huge boulder in the bed, now dry, and which has not been seen since two centuries-when the last dreadful drought afflicted France. At that period was engraved on the stone-" Those who have seen me, cried, and those who may again view, shall weep." Tears are in the ascendant. Every allowance must be made for the crisis we are passing through A few days ago a gentleman threw up his drawing room window and fired off the contents of a six chambered revolver. The police, believing the Prussians had arrived, rushed upstairs, and the gentleman informed them that his wife had just presented him with a eon and heir, and following the etiquette of royalty he desired to give all ccltil to the event, and, wanting cannon, had to patronise a pistol. I No one fan accuse the de.mi monde of Paris with having the slightest modicum of humanity, and Dtimns_/(7,y seems warranted in his assertion that this clans of women are useful in preying upon their dupes-a social plague - by destroying them. l)o I exceed the hounds of propriety in revealing that so great is the luxury of the modern Paphians that it require* the united purses of two or three slavish fools to meet it. When one hag no ready money a promissory note holds good there are discounters enough to take the paper for one'half it represents. Tilus many a " nromising boy" is ruined, and in his fall Jig brings down his family. Sclmmacher-La liruyere was a noted " soiled dove"-she outrapped ttie old Marquis d'Orvault to marry her. He died some eighteen mouths ago in consequence of his exposure during the trial of a brother of the " Murcliiouesa"-? daughter of a cabman- for an attempt to murder her for her money. The " iMarchionesa" has appeared in court to recover the sum of 100,000, the amount of a hill given to her by one oi her "adorers," M, do Ilaynim, since dead. Tho executors declined to recognise tho claim; the Tribunal declared they were justified, as the bill represented only prelinmsltipri-or iti other wards, immorality and shame. Thc.ro is an advertising sheet daily brought out in this city. Following other advanced nations it, has opened a "matrimonial column," aud ihero are uo less than (bur widows who describe them selves as rich, young, and good-looking, "wanting husbands." Applicants must be army officers, and on active service. The pleasures of a second widowhood. In scientific progress there is to he recorded the discovery of chemist Uechamp, who has at last found the philosopher's stone in the preparation of excellent alcohol, from air find water. Thanks to kind nature there is an abun dant supply of the raw material, and if tho " pocket, apparatus" does its work there will be few benefited by his genius that will not, wish him the "top o' the morion." No person now has any excuse for " beiiig out of spirits'." Permissive liquor laws am doomed. We have at last the secret why good air and fresh water are so health ful. "One bumper at parting" - M. lieehamp, " A lay your shadow never he less." 