, The Gliost Story of Pliny the ;; YoiuiKcr. i ?' (From Once a Week.) When was tho first ghost story told ? At 1 what period in the world's infanoy did tho min is of men first feel the dreud delight, the awful attraction, w..ich modern scepticism has deprived Ui all of, except children and village lasses? We confess we cannot tell. And instead of collecting scattered fragments from antiquity, We subjoin a transition of a ghost story, perfect and complete, ol the respectable ape of eighteen centuries, which ? so terrified the calm philosopher Pliny, of Christian hating reputation, that he wrote to his friend Sura, the consul, to ask whether it could be truo. So exaetly does this story correspond in all the ghostly elements to authentic narratives, which inundate the waete paper baskets of magazine editors every Christmas, that wo cannot think it the first attempt of the invention in this direction. Poets must have lived before Homer, and dealers in the supernatural must have traded on man's love for tbe marvellous long before the time of Pliny's informant. We meet rrith ghosts in the ' Iliad,' and iEsobylus twice introduces them on the stage. Indeed, the belief in their appearance \- naturally arose from the idea that, until a man was decently buried, old Charon would not convey his bou! across the slimy Styx, but left it to squeak and gibber on this side of tho stream: Hence it was considered a greater crime at Athens . to leave a parent unburied than to allow him to : starve to death. And that beautiful play of Sophocles, in which Antigone suffers death rather ? than leave her brother's corpse unburied, had a far groater charm in Pagan Athens than it can have in Christian England. But wo arc digress ing. Here is the promised story, from the ? tweuty-scventh epistle of the seventh book of Pliny, the younger : — . There was at Athens, a house large and ' spacious, but with a bad name. In the silenoe of the night there was wont to be heard in it the . tattling of iron, and, if you listened more attentively, the clash of chains, first at a distance l' then hard by. Presently there appeared a ghost \- — an «ld man, lean and squalid, with long beard nnd rough hair. He carried fetters on his legs and gyves on his wrists, shaking them as he walked. Henco every night wes spent in wakeful tnror by the inhabitants. Sickness followed v'gils, and doath sickness. For oven during tho ' day time, though the phantom had departed, the recollection of it clung to them, and the terror lasted longer than tbnt which caused it. : Accordingly tho house was deserted, condemned to solitudo, and entirely given up to tbe spoctre. ' It was advertised, nevertheless, to be let or sold in oase anyone not knowing the circumstances, should be willing to purchase. Atbenodorus, tho philosopher, camo to Athens, read the notice, asked tho torms, ond having his suspicions roused by the low price, made inquiries and hoard the whole story. So far from shrinking, 1 he took the liousejill the moro eagerly. When evening drew near, ho orders his couch to ba placed in tho front room, calls for a writing tablet, a stylo and a light, dismisses all \- liis attendants, and devotes his attention — eyes, head, and hands — to writing, lest his mind, , being unemployed, should conjure up fancied . sights and sounds. At first there was the silence of night, deep as elfowherej then the clash of iron and the rattling of chains. He neither raised his eyes nor ? relaxed his style, but fixed his attention upon his work. Tho clink grew louder, came nearer, and Bounded, now at the door, now within the room. He looks up, sees and recognises the spectre described. It stood and beckoned with its hand, &s; if oalling him. He mado a sign with hiB finger for to wait a while, and again settled down to bis tablots and stylo. It rattled its chains at his head as ho wrote. He looked up again, making the samo sign as before, and without further doloy took the candle ond followed. It walked with slow step, as if weighed with tho chains. After turning into tho courtyard of the house, it sud denly slipped into the earth and dissppearod. Ho piled somo weedB and leaves to mark tho spot, and, the next day, going to the magistrates, BOvised them to order the plaoe to bo oxoavated. A. skeleton was found, the flesh all wasted away by putrefaction, and tho baro bones bound in fetters and chains, It was token up and publicly buried ; ond after that the houso was no more troubled* A Neat Reply.— A young girl, at school, ongaged in tho study of grawmer, was asked if 'kiss' was a common or proper noun? Tho .jirl, blushing deeply, with hesitancy replied, ' It is both common and proper . A momber of Parliaineut having askod a 'gentleman, 'Have you road my last speech?' . tho latter replied, ' I hope so.' «« John 1 John I ' Bhoutcd an old gentleman to his son, 'got up: tho sun is up before you.'* 'Very well,' replied John, ' ho has further to go than wo havo.' 