FRAUD AND SYMPATHY. (To the Editor of the Protestant Standard.) Sir, — To anyone knowing anything at all of the Romish Church, it must appear strange to And that men who from their positions ought to be pillars of the Church of Christ and real pro- testors against the pestilent and soul- , murdering heresies of Rome, objecting to the use of the proper terms when applied to it on the ground of charity. The apostles and evangelists did not so understand charity, and had the Reformers been as mealy-mouthed as these gentlemen wish, the blessings of civil and religious liberty would not this day have been enjoyed by us. In speaking of Hindoos and Mohammedans tliey would be fearless and outspoken enouih, why then should the enemies- of our liberties, either within or without our camp be spoken of tenderly and gingerly for fear of giving offence. Is it beoause these so-called Protestants believe the Church of Rome to be a Christian Church, or a teacher of truth and morals ? If so they can have no objection to worship and venerate the following so-called relics, as it is not at all improbable that some of them, or duplicates may be found at St. Mary's, or perhaps his Lordship of Batliurst, M. Quinn, may have others equally as wonderful and genuine. The following is a list of some of the Popish relics mentioned in Brady's Classics : — A finger of St. Andrew, a finger of St. John the Baptist, the thumb of St. Thomas, a tooth of our Lord, a rib of our Lord, the hem of our Lord's garment which cured the diseased woman, the seamless coat of our Lord, a Tear which our Lord shed over Lazarus (preserved by an angel who gave it to Mary Magdalene), two handkerchiefs, on which are impressions of our Saviour's face, the one sent by our Lord Himself as a present to Agbarus, Prince of Edessa, the other given at the time of his crucifixion to a holy woman named Veronica, the rod of Moses with which he performed his miracles, a lock of the hair of Mary Magdalene, a hem of Joseph's garment, a feather of the Holy Ghost, a finger, of the Holy Ghost, a feather '-of the Angel G abriel ; a finger of a cheru bim, the waterpots used at the marriage in Galilee, and the slippers of the ontede luvian Enoch ! ! ! " Sir, when such blasphemous frauds are perpetrated by the Romish Church on her people, it is no wonder that consistent Protestants refuse to acknowledge her as any portion of Christ's Holy Catholic ! Church, and when such things are palmed on fools to venerate and'worship, it is not at all astonishing that the Herald's Pious Old Hero should, in 1851, issue a res cript, declaring that whoever should be found guilty of bringing into Rome or trying to carry thereto a copy of the Word of God in the Italian language, should be sent to the galleys for four years ! ! ! Pious old hero indeed. If the 'Pope is pious, what constitutes im piety ? Was the allusion to the conduct of the Romish Church and her priests out of place in the Bible Society's Report at which the Hon. John Campbell took umbrage ? Any one at all acquainted with the doctrines of the Romish Church, and who protested against them, could not, but this excellent old gentleman, who has many virtues, has lately allied himself politically with the Romish party for the support given to his nephew, W. R.C., the rejected of everywhere, hence the desire that no damaging allusion, because truthful, should be made, as it was a standing protest against any alliance with a party which seeks to shut out from sinners the glorious light of the everlasting Gospel of our Lord and Saviour J esus Christ, and who are there fore the enemies of the Human Race, and their aiders and abettors are equally guilty before both God and man. GARIBALDI. 