? Sicknkbs.—WUooping-oougli, diptheria, and other complaints Bre -very pcevnient iust now -in Burrowa, the former chiefly .confining -itself to children. Dunng jllie wiak twe deaths haw resulted froui attacks ^f, this comj>lwnt— thte first who suennuh'eii being the iinfcnt ditugliterofilr. Wm. Eeatifig, and Vlie other -being a child ol Mr. Miehael l{.yau'«. both of whom expired on Monday last —W.iih a view to pro-, vide against coulingerioieK, »ve funiish, ourf, readers with two receipts for the cure of, wiioopinn-cough, for which we are lindebted 'to Drj Clifford, of tliis t.oivn. The^rsf i<»Whooniug-Coughi Misture.f4rfeoacuan drachmsj'CarboimteofrfbdaVoh'e-hiilf a'drachra . raregoric^Elixir. two ijraehms t Water ; f>iie oz: Mix. Dose—one or,two»Aea-«poons, according to age. '—Aud the other one is:—" Laudanum 8W -drops; Ipecacuanha Wine, one drac9im'; Carbonate of Soda, 26 grains-';* Water, one, ounce, The dose is—one-sixth part, every sis Thb Bbidoes ueae CawEA.—Sev«ral men nre employed repairing the bridge, under «tlie direction of, .Mr jlWiek >Dopnor. The .upproaches to.,the bridge' whicli spans the Back Creek, oii the road from this place to Grenfell also being repaired, v The old bridgo across the main road along the western aide of the of this bnHge rill foihe^oausp^of muchaucon- Vemenoe to trav«llrfrs -aod -tesidenta in the ne«hbourl»ood;i-iawst. J ^ ^ JSWrf. 1 «f» ^Pftrifonresume «tlie,-eecritary 1 » n l d8 .« r »8>remature 1 .the&bt; aetitallyhe^has declined, lfh certain thit SSL5! ." h0U,d ^ Uken both "d by the authorities **' K i P ^ r °P er ***** 'bungled V " departwent quite ^ ofrtfa' aa^hey ^aro ^cUracjToftheir of the most interesti "•' of.A paper, prill set down ini)FIU Inline! there is B ^ ? ^ ' ^ W 4 for improvement. ftvoi^Kli i f 1 j 0Mtn^Bnces wo ' W have teen, K . , U P°? '•y the!people generallyi• declir^i »in i ? U f U '«oumbent on him to »he» m.i scrupulous winc^ii^d ^l? ^ ^ position are to be upright -and officii •Vl twi^taud,ng that a denire for fault of/, die that havB r ° Ut • tb J at L th 7 wereUhe only ohba cemin ^^Wi^lion tJiatunder self-respect and oonsti- "''^vdejnand « rpsvgwrtion., wadispMed io look on Mr.^owj,er'a not having hitherto: filled the office of Minister for Lands ifrMo there was hope of securing Mr. Sobe^H^^." MrricM, it is difficul t to .condone his failing to do so pow that this is ho lpnger W', be" «»«6Ud, "UVett a bad appointment w v r be'worse than iio appointment at nil— that Is-if IhfcVe'teally is any necessity whatever for the office, about 1 which the tendency now is tO enUrtain .s'omo doubt; : People cannot help thinking that if.the office of a cabinet minister tan bedono without for a month or two at a ime it cftn be done without altogether. This ? l . a M. rate ip the lesson that Mr. Cowper is teaching theitt. It' appears to us that, as on preyiptis occasipns Mr. Oowjier's constitutional timidity is hefeliis bane. Fearful of offending i this stand' that individual he will gradually alienatej his friondai and like the old man who in.,time.|?fist was the unfortunate possesser of an.fLSS, in respect to which he tried to please oi list find that lie has pieced jnobody, und lost his position into the barghfn. It' may be taken as a fact that the 6Aly%ajrl6'-i$t v ftiends tb stick to lis, is for us to stick-t'o - teem 1 -; aWd nfhe^ie there is party gbverntntriti . to think of conciliating every enemy, rather than to reward friends, is as far removed,from ^rue wisdom as it is from gratitude and cousilitency. The opinion is certainly gtfiliinfc ^oiind tliat nothing but a thorough recOlifetrttfction of the miuistry before the re i'ssemCliiiil of "parliament can save' it from ? immediate And ignomiuioiis defeat?.— : THB Gotti-FiELBs 1 Commission.-s-TheGyijipie Tithes, ll|.h4W]t., lias the iolloning remarks upon the above Saiyceti-^-'' it appears.that, alter any ain6unt of npwBpaper discussion-, speech-making in Parliament, public meetings, and deputations to the ijifiistry, in reference to gold-fi.-ldu legislation: the New South Wales Grovernment bave ; tfime ^to;'a'cOndlusi'»ii which mast' have seemed inevitable for a considerable time, vie., the appoiutiAent of a Commission for. the purpose of making every possible iuquiry into working pi the present Gold-fields Act and Regulations, *to report upon the same, and to make such suggestions as they may think desirable for. Naming of new regulations." The names of the inembers of this Commission are a fair guarantee that this important subject will, at least, be inquired iuto by gentleman who know something .about it. The appointment of Mr. J. G, L. Inues (formerly Judge of the. Queensland JNorthera .District Court), as President, is of course satisfactory; and his coadjutors appear to be experienced persons and fitted for their position. Consequently, it may reasonably be expected that the New South Wales Goldfields Commission will confer great benefits by its labours, not only upon that colony but upon all tlie mining, districts 'of 'Australasia, more or less. The legislators of Queensland, distracted as they hb doubt will tie,' during the coming' parliamentary session, by the loud and different outcries from the various mining communities of this colony, will, no duubt, gladly turn to get a few r ays of light, if possible, from the report of this Commission,—although," by the way, vre believe that it will principally deal with the question! of leasing, upon which the excitement on Gyinpie, the chief gold-field of Queensland, has somewhat subsided. Still, honorable members- will be very glad to increase their small stuck of knowledge in mining matters by:perusing a record of the conclusions coine to by- men empowered to consider the subjeut, nideJ by peculiar facilities f'orcollectiiig evidence and unimpeded and unbiassed by parly feelings. It :is Ze'iilnuJ may benefit in like manner. Tiie question of mining leases appears to be exciting much interest iii Victoria, and the miners there wi.rbo oii iLn look-out for an expression of the opinions oT tiie'Cuuiiiiission . In JNcw Zealand au agitation .for local representation is ^oingou ; and au autiioiiseii mid- impartial report upon the muuugcmtjit of'cold-lielJs, together with sugge.-i(ions tor the improvement .of the same, ought •to lie very welcome to the miners of that colony. This Unkmploved in Victokia.—Upon this subject the writer of ' Under the Veranduh' in •the JLeatler snys^—"There seems to be an iIIdistmlmtcci; market for labour. At the uncmploycd uieetiug tiio other' night, one speaker drew a disiuul and di>liearieuiiiK picture of the .slute-of the labour market iu lkllarat. iSow at Wood's Poinl a number of men are on strike because they won't accept less than (1 think) £3 per week. A purty of miners was sent up to the •tt-ope-mine nt tiie lowest Tate that company wag jvilling to pay. J3ut upon arr/^al the uu.era-' [Joyed presented the new comers witli a handsome douceur each, and sent then beck rejoicing upou the trucks they came. This would indicate that the,Wood's Point unemployed have money to spend, aiid thus it sec.ms to nic that there are unemployed aud unemployed. I can't say whether the portrait (in charcoal) of &allarat; isn't exaggerated, nor is it necessary to accept, the inferences of the eloguent unemployed, but there is assuredly some truth in the discnurai^iu^:. account of the 13allaru.-t labor •market." . '? Nuggets' in the Ijiglhwood Disthict.— 'A ^correspondent' writing from Johnstown, on Wedrtestlily.Uth iiist., to the Inglewood Advertiser, says :—"There lias been great excitement iiero : '.sifi<>6 the finding of the monster nugget by S. Slosh man and Jus son-iu-law injolitis lower paddock. It was standing on its end and wus. consequently xi great height in'the gravel. aud as .tbey were driving in the bottom, it took Ihem over an hour to get ii loose from itim k lew kci-cs about this portioii of the paddock is turning put exceedingly rich, 1 a considerable'quantity' of gold"' havingIj^en- ^dt ifrom it both yeBterday and to-day. Lidstone and party got tvo'Jiuggets weighing respectively. 25oz. aud 7os* A partyof.Cliinamen got a 47oz. .pjcoo;. andj$<>m another «laim : two ,-fii\e nuggets were, Qbtained, .weighing BOoz., und To-day J^r^John'fl, %rq|her. £«t ilOoz. ouuec, and last'wepktjie-fiame^ party hiigge,ted but«62. v from the same claim: 1 A'SOoi. piece and a 26oz. piece were 'got pretty close together by two: different parties -under some» what curious circumstances,,; A Chinaman sold to, pn. Austrian a sta»U f 19^00 of the wall standing between his claim and .the adjoining one for 10a'. /The .wall was, only 2ft.thick'.'arid the'paTt sold'was only a few feet in length', tlie Chinaman Workitig tho remainder himself, Jjiit email ; asit vis it yielded the purchaser % .splendid (return for his money in the shape Of a @0oe nugget, and the Chinaman got a twentyiounoo 1peicp,.in the part he had kept. There is. « rumour to day that a party of .Chinamen holding the next claim to Sloshman's have got fa nugget -wen .larger than the one he got last .refluires confirmation,', -, . : Bfl.Gjaflseisys NC»N a»ic.J)imoTAHpo«t.-tTb® 'other day a case, ofourred whiclf, by a person of tim'oroiis or supoMtitiolis ieinpera'Mont would havip .bfecniset down as of ^thb genuine supcrna-. tural- order. - A young-tiian Viamed John' Eggo; -Kroom «to Dr. ttayley of this town, 1 vfoir some ime i.pnsti sinoe his master 4eft tlw Adjoining tiou^e; has slept in one of the rooms -connected with thenurgery in Clifford-street, inorder-the 'imore o'pnvepieiitly to attend tonight-calls. ..In. on6'of these roomo,there is large-up^gbt/cpsp in wMfcJi a'ipbrrect' skeleton is Susponded ; aiia at the. boftdin fit- this case PTB'two or *hreei (Bkulls. 'The othernight Eggo' was awakened by a strahgoirattling noiso, evidently from the'eonsulting-room ; ;anU on .getting' bp- and going< there, ittjves levideaft. that this proceeded from Hho caic containing the skeleton,.^ ,t£ere .was a nicc position for a young man of highly nervous and superstitious organization, cut off from tho chance of Peeking advice or'assistance abroad: Were jthe present writers im tive and as fall of literary ambition as helet ,ns pay.a quarter or,,half a century ago would, on hearing the particulars of this^ftj ling case, incontinently have aWnfioped '" a-hning once and for ever, and : have himself heart and sdul to the cOmttftiliotittff works of fiction of the Mrs. ltsdcliffe^aWiMisS Braddon type. . "The Doctor's Skeleton npuld • have made a taking title surely when displayed in all the blazonry of yellow paper binding, with a red and green illustration show-; ing the unhappy, groom with hair oh lend if being of the ghOfet seer temperament, is a courageous, matter- of-fatft 1 young fellow, and, possibly from his. Jiaving, been several years nith doctors, is free from any superstitious horror of dead mens' bines. Still it was not altogether without an uneasy feeling that he heard the noise increase. " But," Is Byron says,' soon philosophy came to his aid'-~ , Iliuting that soul and body on the ,wlio)e _ fi" Were'odds agaiue't a disembodied equli ''. Whether Eggo repeated these lines to himself or not is not quite certain; but what is certain is that he made up his mind not to J be. b'eateS: Sb he proceeded at once to open the inysterioUS , case; and then' even his nerves were somewhat shbken by seeing the skeleton oscillaling-to and lro ... ; .. . With a strong ;and growing motion-. ., • • . ,. But ov m6st laifte arid impotent conclusion,' ' to.this fts to other ghost- stories, were., there butj men , pf Eggo's nerve present • to in^estijgate them. The innocent causes of 'the noise and'' commotion were—first a motise, aftd'^Sct^tiirat Waftgli's White cfet. The ftfrttfer, te Hl^&tinfeS; to escape, bad, in-the raost %tisefemly^in^trreverent manner, plunged bodily-into , one afi the , skulls;.and the cat, in the eagerness of'pursuit,-• had thrust in her paw ofter hira-j and, uot beitig' able to hook li'im out nor yet to extricate. her< paw, had in jumping about set the skeleton, swinging. Sic transit gloria of ghost-story! Ciuvoufctlv- A private letter'addressed a merchant in this city says b : " Business if in a depressed state, caused by the : machanicB having formed leagues and got an Act passed. by the Legislature to make e^ight hours 'a 'legal I day's word instead instead Of ten hdtfrs. this' has put a a stop to building and improvements, What in the name of fortufrc are the -people; leaving New South Wales to -comb li a place where there is fio pVoTefc'ttxJ'n for%'fe br! property F The rowdies have g ; ained their'fio'tot, j anil now the law allows any person - to carry pistols or bowie knives in broad daylight as:wellas at night. Try and persuade your working' men not to leave the colonies."—S. M. Herald., SingvU& Bueach of Psomisb Case.—A ( case of the above descripton. jiossessirig some peculiar features, was tried at Lauhcestoh on the 10th instant, and is thus related' 'by a cjrn spondent of a Melbourne journalThe plaintiff, Ellen Jane Wick ins, aged -30 or thercAbouts, sued Birhard Hill, whose age was varionsly stated at from 70 to 76, for £1000 damages, fur having promised her marriage and then, having abruptly declined to redeem" his promise: The defendant was a widiwer, and be seems to have been able to say with old Adam in the comedy :— " My age is as a lusty winter, Frosty but kindly." ' • * He looked with a loving eye upon Miss Wickins, He had known her from a child v'oud as he told her father," he thought he should bp very happy wiih her." In the warmth of his hearth and -the height of summer, he presented hcrwith a gold wntch and chain, which had cost him twenty guineas; but " t hought on largesse bent he had a frugal mind,' 1 and when in tho full glow of his ardent affection he gare her a wedding ring, he prudently chose that of his deceased wife. He did more ; he announced his intention of settling a cosy cottage aud £200 a year upon his future bride. " But whispering tongues can poison truth; . And constancy lives iu realms above." Aud the septuagenarian lover suddenly -jilted Miss Wickins without rhyme or reason. Mrs, Wickins—for there was to have been a iuother-iu law—rose to the height of the occasion. She bearded the rccalictran't Hill lh 1 iia- dtimestie fortress. " I a a her mother," said that lady to the pert Susan Nippur who opened ttie^ doolr, "I aui lie l-mtsheri and must have hii explanation." "Don't come here troubling m'e;" .exclaimed M. Kill, and beat a retreat to the first floor. Then the daughter chimed in, ; ahd in! accents half sorrowful and half reproachful; 5 murmured, '"I suppose.you -want to.tarealt 'off : the engagement. Air. fiilll".. STes 1 ' -tartly j replied the obtrusive Nipper. The :.dooV ,Was' closed ; mother and daughter wended'their way homeward, the latter " in maiden' 'tiledi&tSbji;' fancy free." She kept the watcli ! 'and-clitrinv' sent back the wedding ringfjclonging' td^the' deceased Hill, brought au actiou against the" sprightly old gentleman,, who had trifled,'with, her affections, and a jury awarded hpr,£2O0,, damages. ; f - i Mil. SnADFon-r'n.—We regret to report-.that' Mr. Shadforth's state of health is almost 'such, as to have necessitated him to relihcjui^li'"the duties connected with his teniporaVJ- 'ipjiijiat- 5 .' ments of Clerk-of Petty Sessions 'find^ -Bistrict: Court iEegistrar^ but we trast'thidt'-he iwill:-*oon . be -siifiioiently - wcovercd; to -enaWe itim prosecute his duties as -secretary -to, the i^rold Commission. tfesterdaySn the.Court of ^ifatter^ Scssious-it was as much os-he could do'.F^ful^t .the duties of deputy derk of the ^eac^^llw ^ Courier. •'•'"".'' ''' t Dbowkw® • WBtK MCBBtrMBiTEMAir!—Last • Saturday, ® young man named James -Turner;? • aged, twenty-two years, was-, 'drowned un 'Jhet attempt. 'flross- the Gounyan.-Creek,: ,-jvheiP, riding iu'to-WardsS'ass. Sub^nspBetorj^rjBtvian i despatched |t-wo constable? on -Saturday, to 2 t|>e soene of the dhu^tar, bu^hey.'werp ,»nabl^" ; to. : ihear'any Jlidiiifes iof tlie body believe, has tibt been iFfiiCAS 'AT Ittf AMA-i-EUB ®KtEtfTA!rtJitl!atfT. —We extract the; following from'.the 1 Wagga- Wagga, ^Express of last Saturday:—" Amateur, liutcrtainment—rOn Thursday ^vening-.-last .an • amateur vntertainment consisting ^pf .fjeadings,.: Tecitationsand musical selections was anpounce^ to come off at the Mechanic's Institute In aid . of. tho New Itall, which it is iri ; C0nteii^!aS,ibh i; t6 : erect in connection with the 1 Institute. : The' cliair was*taken at 'the -appointed' hourliy iJUri'- Forsyth, andthe election having brought^a^ood inumber of people to. the. to«vn, the>«)bm was; crowded. For ^ome .timer^U ;went!,wpll,',^ii.e amateurs acquitting themselves moft preditab^y,. and the Audience, warined,b^he^eipc|w^!ent; of the 'election, all 'bring in lnfelivgopd ^uinouri In all parts of the house', friends and foeii i jn 'tb& munibipal'conteht'iustover.were^miclibiyihlser- 1 mixed, when in Uu-evil moment, MTii^Ff^'WiUkinson. a brother.of thfe partner of Mr. 'Forsyth, -stepped upon.the stage, «nd commenced ringing a song of triumph, said to have been wwjttpn by , Mr. Hutchinson, in honor -ot .'Jthat .gentlemau. Mr. -Hooks had been ask^ to.jlav, -an tjr"' panimcnt to : 'the;"' King" of the 'Cannibtlands';" and, knowing noting oF^flie lords' Wilkinson was Hjoing to 'sin^lile^dnimemfefed fjilaying.' The first; versB -referredtexultingly*o the Victory of." King'Gieor^e;?«id eomp slight signs of disapprobation,were ntenifes{ed>amtingst theaudiencq, but:when the strain veas'oontin^ied in the second versa, Mr. Perrin, «nc -of ^ho Mliijg thift-hie was beitig^ nd 'thai liia i fribuds were being in-' Ifl no longer •contain himselfj' aiid i jie -«ef»r«d. : time;s called loudly and prtipilety J»ad'.he /k|pt —_____ _ _.__ gi«6nd, with great officiqnsnetsB . seized "Mir; Peti'ini i and i the latteK the'n etaspet-ated beyond' measure,-MWi- Fit£hardin{ge1)iaVittg "boeta : one* of his:avpwed. opponents iii .'the contest, 'lost all controlorbis temper, 1 : and made use of langnage thkt, in ;,thft presence jof ladies. it wbuld be impo3sible (^, excuse. , A scene of indescribable confusion.; follcTfred> and. : Jifrd there .not been laAiefi iin the jrobm,' a general fight would most undonhWdiy ^ htivfe : insuedi for Mt. Perrin's supt>6l^rs'cr6Wded'uptowardshim,"ands«r0re that tbfcy wonld htiiiid by him. while.other mem 1 - be^-s oftheo^)position patty treganto make threats of putting him out of .the room. , Mr . Berrin enraged am jie svas, first bj the, ij^-timed crowing of, the nigger,.and: nex|t by .the pfficious interfer-. eiice^^Mr..FitBliBrdmge,;stiU remembered that it Vould b^'iio place folf a acuMe,. while ladiW. wfeire'ii'ouiid him;: and governed himself suficie'ntly io refrain from striking Mr; Fita-iardiage, arid calmer friends of both parties appcJarihi;- and;,counselling .peace,- the- storm blew oVer. ; The/ terrifeed . ladtbs.nin the ineautime> - made toVkjjla the doo^, ;and Mr. ilooke. findiog that hc had been unwittingly nyide . to .take part in^ an'offensive, song. at once r?ie from the piano,,, arid, talcing .bis family with Tiirn, indignantly Ifet't the room,' 'Mt\ Forsyth' .apologisecl'lor the sbn^liiid'^i'bt^sted thdl'fwlrn'eir nothing of its wording: Or that there was aUy'tlritig in it -calculatedltoRife-offeiixnj-Hft itahyrfnerand Mr. Wil-' ' kinson also apologised- and: declared that the whole thing was meant for a joke. Mr. Pernn then got up and expressed ^great .regret that he dhoula have Baid^nything that .could have 'offcud6d'a lady's ear,'but pleaded in extenuation of-'h'is'fetrrt, that as fche only defeate'd' catodida'te in%hefoo'm, ^ temper had 'been sorely tried, andthatwhen he felt that' he-waB being publicly jeered nnd mbfcked 'at,'.lie had not been able to command .his teimpe'r. .The.-entertainment then, came to an. .abrupt conclusion by the" singing, oon'siderably bkfote its. time, .of' the National Anthem. POWER, THE BUSHRANGER.- The Ovens Spec tator writes:- "It is not generally known, but it is nevertheless a fact, that about four years ago, when Power's former companion, McKay, was arrested and placed in Beechworth gaol, he stated to one of the police officers that Power and another man were the murderers of Soames Davis, who disappeared so mysteriously about six or seven years ago, and that Power took the most prominent part in the foul deed. The information given was not sufficient for the police to act upon, and so the matter dropped. Among those, however, who made inquiry into the matter, suspicion was generally directed against Power and the notorious Toke, of Mitta Mitta. It will be in the recollection of our readers that about six or seven years back, Somes Davis, a storekeeper and gold buyer, left Yackandandah in the direction of the Mitta Mitta, to buy gold, and he disappeared and was never seen again. From the marks of his spurs on the saddle, and from some other circum stances, it seemed as if he had been violently dragged from his horse, previously to his being killed. The rumour at first spread that Davis was still alive and was keeping out of the way of his creditors was soon disproved, as it turned out, on his affairs being wound up, that he could pay a good deal more than 40s. in the pound, His body never yet has been found, and the mystery has never been cleared up. if, however, McKay's statement was true, Power has something more to answer for than all his known crimes." THE WSnrfBEY CABBV ,001 THE LAND Act; in VlCTotlA.—Strange things ..are done at' -Hamilton to force sales of Crown lands at auction, and to prevent their being 1 taken up by Tree selection. The Spectator gives the follow- : ing as.specimens of how th-J Land department is worked in the district represented-by the. hot), the Minister of Lands:—'* So great is tho: hurry to push on sales, that the department, ni some instances, is offering unsurveyed land. There is one lot of 450 acres at Byambynee, described only as ' allotment—-.' The ipur- ' ;cha'ser, whoever he may be, will buy 450 acres! .somewhere, but it is certainly contrary to law:' to fix the boundurics after the -sale. There are. plenty .of men quite willing to. buy "'a,-pig in a poke' stter,.this fashion, .relying on their being., abl«; after purchasing, to throw o.ut the worst land f^nd pick the best. We believe this particular piece of laud 'was applied for by a -selector -named •' Christie, and afterwards reserved. W^i iiotice also that on the 8th pros, two lots nre 'to be:offered at Linlithgow which were: colonred.on ;the map as being: already sold, wheii .'they ,-were -not sold. . ,'Tliis arrangement .prevented-selectors applying for the land, when it Should have been open to them, and as the: up^'et pri'ee : is'fixed at £8 per acre, it is tolerahly: certain there sirould have been ho lack of appli-' 'cants. How much more of the public land has been improperly colored as sold, it would be'- impossible to say; 4>ut-the selectors!-complain .thut they, have beeji considerably misled by the . map^, .aiid tli.atitjs a curious coincidence 'that; these errgrs. never-happen exoept^in the-case of the'besViliinds."' ' , '.' & geiitl'einah' residing in Sydney. to mark his feense'oT'the tlisapprobation • ot' tLe crnelcon- -duct 'reported iu our iaBt Thursday's issue; writes -^as follows ; to the editor of this journal : —",6n^f-,Thinking jthat. £l,may be an inducejneBt^-o.any bpy or other person who could.and Wmld ^;iy'e information . leading, :tp a .conviction bf-&fi.; two'lfijged! animals 'who, were guilty-of ec^aittyte'a magpie and'dog * '*' f.-t'beg: o state that'® 'shall be happy to forward that? 'ambunt'to' any' one-doing:'as u- iprqpOBe." The' name antt(\address of: ?4ho 'humane gantlenmn' MAKINGTHISPROPOMLWILL "BB ^IL>EAON*PP|K»TIPN; at this office to any,.person becoming eatit^d to j ^j^jird, offered, ( Gbulbiirh KeralS. ••«! • Coullurn Herald. ,' whicb 4a y«t, w1b 