O U R C O NT I N E NT AL LETTER. PARIS, JULY 10, 1S70. The cxcitemont ol tlio crouch lor atorcigti war is quito a different thing from that of a revolu tion. In tho Inttor, political passions are divid ed — thoro is fratricidal hato and pitiless ro- vengo. In the former, as is tho caso now, tho wholo nation rises us ono mail to shako tlio great allliction — real or imagined — oil'. All voices aro for war, and though Wisdom may cry out as loud as slio ploasos in tlio streets, no ono regards her. No doubt in their dreams tlio French soo only visions of tho shocks of nrmios. Dogs droam of bonos and fishermen of fish, and the military eharnctor of tho Gauls is as intensi fied. Fighting is tlioir natural element — poaco but apparently a rest boforo ongngoment. In Europo Franco must bo first — this position sho will nevor abdicate wliilo a drum and n bugle can call her sons to glory. Tho parting with life has no torrors for thorn ; hend- foromost they plunge into danger, tho more difficult tho moro honourable, and truly scok tho bubblo reputa tion at tlio ennnon's mouth. Incapable to restrain a jonlousy most sonsitivo, tlio French sinco 18GG liavo chaH'od at tho sight ol Prussian ngrnndisomont. Tlioy havo with unconcealed rngo soon Bismarck oating up tho potty rulers of Germany, to carry out tho groatost idea of modern times, the unification of sixty millions of pooplo, kept apart by tho selfishness or ambition of Lilliputian potentates. IIo desired to gather the scattered Teutons into ono fold, under ono shepherd. IIo had arranged ovory- thing, it only required tho "old horso" — as ho openly doscribed the King— to tako tlio fcnco, and clear it. Tho old horso, full of motal still without spurring, -was equal to tlio oconssion. Sinco that succossful leap in tho dark, tho French Parliament, tho club orators, and tho Pross liavo novor lost ail occasion to chant tho "downfall of Paris," and upbraid tho Emperor with having failed to uphold tlio logitimato dignity of Franco. With this losson brought homo to moil's busi ness and bosoms, a stato of chronic unrest was duly prodncod, and reflected in a gonoral insta bility of trade and commorco. It was tho shadow of Prussia that caused all. Ilonco only a spark was required to fire tho train, a word to slip tho nation from its loash. Tho French Foreign Secretary applied tho match, oxprossod tho word, and two of tho most advanced nntions in civilisa tion, frightfully energetic, oxtromoly rich, with onormous resources, settlo for tho spring at each other's throats. Franco, tho homo of wit, tho centre of intolligonco, with hor history of sacri fices for human liberty, goos to docimato Ger many, tho land of soionco and philosophy, tho birth-placo of thought, of reform, tho country of Goethe and Schiller, nnd to bo docimatod in re turn. Draw a voil ovor civilisation. Lot's talk of grnvos, of worms, of opitapbs. Lot's opo — 4i Tho purple testament of blooding war." In so secretly convoying tho offer of tho crown of Spain to Leopold Hohenzollern, both Prim and Bismarck intondod to cast a slight on Franco ; it was so viewed nnd resented. Tho Prince, to savo tlio continent a bloody struggle, resigned tlio bnublo. Ilero again Prussia did not go out of bor way to bo' complimentary to Franco. It was Leopold's papa that informed Prim and tbo French Primo Minister of bis son's disintorostednoss, nnd tlio Minister, overjoyed, broko through all diplomatic otiquotto by hawk ing tlio telegram nbout, and boasting tlio honour of Franco was saved nnd pcnco secured. But ho reckoned without his host. Tho latent burning dosiro of tlio nntion — of tho army — to cross bayonets with the Germans was awakonod ; war must bo arranged, a pog secured, to fuston a quarrel on Prussia. Perish tho Ministry that cannot secure this, and a low hours will show tlio number of tlioir days. King William must o it linmblo pio that would imperil his throne, or light; ho must sign a humiliating bond, under taking novor to consent to Leopold's boing King hereafter; ho broko faith nbout the Treaty of Praguo — conjuro that before his oyos like a Ranquo's ghost. But don't let him slip this timo through your fingers — whon tho nrmy is so perfectly prepared, the causo just, nnd tho weather fino. Tho Legislature and tho Emperor must bo tho interpreters of tlio national fooling. A plaguo on your parliamentary system that givos Ministers unequal to tho occasion. Roeall ambassadors, proclaim war against Northern Germany, placard it ovor tlio walls of Paris, tiio towns of tlio Empire ; tako Luxembourg to-day, Coblontz to-morrow ; occupy Berlin tlio day after. Finish within our clinrtorcd time — three days. Break up tlio Confodoration. Tho villany Bismnrck taught lot us oxocuto, by niinoxing Rhenish Prussia — restore Soloswig to tho gallant Danes whom wo loft to strugglo ulono in 18G4 — restore George tiio Fifth to his loving Hano verians — John to liis Saxons — sot Southorn Ger many free, and givo a hand to tho resuscitation of Austria. Such is to bo tbo programmo. | In demanding King William to do more than what was originnlly demanded, Franco has jvoked the resistance of tho Confodoration. The i Germans nro not dospicablo troops, and Franco i will light now under conditions dilferont from ( Lho divided days of 1808. Sho lias recalled hor i children, who uro employed in Franco largely ns 1 commercial clerks and extensively as bowers of i wood and drawers of water. It must bo a roliof ' for tliom to dopart for tbo Confcderato Landwehr. i Tlio demonstrations against tliom by tbo populace 1 woro at boiling point. Tlio war journals bad fallen back on tlio literature of animosity. Any- i tiling is good enough tp throw at a dog. Tlio i Borangors of tho cafe concerts havo given bnllads of tlioir bust, all attuned to tlio Marseillaise, and < tho burthen of which is, that tho Prussians will i novor reign in Franco. England had tho honours of this prediction formerly, then during tho Crimean times it passed to tho Russians. The old properties havo somo virtuo still. In a few days tho theatres will keep tho sacrod llamo burning, by screaming farcos and genteel comedies, at tho cxponso of Fathorland. Paris sooins to livo in its streets. "No thorough faro " might bo noticed up in tbo principal rues. It is a contagious blockade of excited masses — demanding war — crying aloud for satisfaction — and tho moro profound bccnuso tho want cannot bo spocifieally diagnosed. Young moil of nil classos parade tho stroots with tricolours, vociferating for war — "Down with tho Prussians," " with Bismarck." But long live Franco — tho Cabinet of "honest men," as tho moinhors styled thomsolvos, only oxcoptod. Its attitude lias boon cpilopticnl — discretion nnd indiscretion. Its conduct at onco rash, To'-hlo, and inconsistent. Instead of mounting tho Capitol to thank tho gods, it ought to pass to tho Turpoian rock-. l-'iiU-t gaol of Treason's race.' Tho Emperor bows to tlio nation. Ho will load tho army to glory, and socuro a dozon yours of poaco at homo, and tho advont of his son to tho throno, despito tlio knocking at tho gntos of Franco by tho Orloanist Princes for admission. IIo; cannot resist tlio current of tho national fool ing, so, liko Bronnus tbo Gaul, bo throws his sword into tlio scalo. Tho preparations aro most formidable. All tbo railways aro oceupiod in transporting military stores to tho frontier, as woll as moil to uso tliom. Tbo Movcablo National Guard, wboro every man of alighting ago must sorvo, without distinction, is boing rapidly mobilised, and will occupy tho military partitions of tho Empire, while tho regular army is cutting its way to Berlin. Spain counts as nothing in this afi'air. Franco regards hor as but tlio cat's paw. Howovor, sho will ho watched on tlio frontier. The strugglo opens with a duol botwocn Franco mid Prussia. Tlio wind is being sown, but how many of tlio " nontrals " will oscapo reaping tho wlifrl wind ? Italy is sure of llomo. "What will tho Czar to — it is time to bo looking after his "sick man." If inter anna silent icr/es bo tnio, it will also hold good, in tlio ease of general nows. Whore is tho country indifferent to a commotion in Europo? How small appears tho passing of tho dogma of infallibility. It is ono Grand Lama moro. It is not so much tho official ratification of an acceptod position after tho lapso of oightoon centuries, as tho declaration of wur botwoon tho Church and Society, and which will in timo boar fruit, in separating churches from Statos. To day, wo want tlio clorgy of Lnthcranism and Catholicism to pray to tho God of Battlos— to morrow to chant a'De Profundis, and in a woek a Te Denm. Tho sittings of tlio High Court of Justico at Blois, tlio transport of tho sixty accnsod from Paris liko a chain-gang to stand tlioir triul — pshaw 1 Tho Lyons exhibition and tbo reputed Chinoso massacre pass as unheeded as tlio moon's total oclipso. Givo us tlio statistics of ironclads, of chnssopots, of those mitrailleuses on both sidos, that promiso to end tho war by louving no combatants to continuo it. Whnt about tlio oconomy offoctod in tlio budget, tbo suppression of tlio "inspector of omigVution," who had no emigrants to inspect. All vory excellent, it gives moro grist to tlio wnr-mill. But voto suppiios nt pleasure for tho nrmy of reserve, for rifled cannon, and repeating cara bines. Tho "striko" at Mulhouso, among 20,000 artisans, including tlio honourable guild ol swoops. It is but a flash in tbo pan. Pass to tbo latost tolegrain, tbo hundredth edition of " The Situation," tho plan of tlio Gorman for- trossos, tho calculation whon tho tri-colour will float at Berlin, tho conditions of poaco, nnd tho dnyjwhon Paris will illuminato for victory. Tho " drought " is forgotten liko overything olso. But if Franco is ablo to pay for hor glory, sho can also pay for a famine. In a rivor skirting Fontaineblcoii thoro is a Lugo boulder in tho bod, now dry, niul which has not been soon sinco two conturios, whon tlio last dreadful drought afflicted Franco. At that poriod wus engraved on tho stono, " thoso who havo soon mo, cried, and thoso who may again viow, shall weep." Tears nro in tho ascendant. Every allowance must bo made for tlio crisis wo nro passing through. A fow days ago n gontlomiin threw up his drawing-room window, and fired oil' tho contents of a six-ehamborod rovolvor. Tho police bolioving tho Prussians had arrivod, rushed up stairs, and tho gontloman informed thom thai, his wii'o had just prosontod him with a son nnd lioir, and following tho otiquotto of royalty, ho dosirod to givo all eclat to tho ovont, and, wanting cannon, had to patroniso a pistol. Thoro is an advertising shoot daily brought out in this city. Following othor advancod nations, it has oponod a " matrimonial column," and there nro no loss than four widows, who doscribo thomsolvos ns rich, young, nnd good- looking " wanting husbands." Applicants must bo army oflicors, and on active sorvico. Tho pleasures of a socond widowhood ? In seiontific progress thoro is to bo recorded tho discovory of chemist Beclinmp, who lias at lust found tho philosopher's stono, in tho pre paration of "oxcolloiitulcohol from air and wntor." Thanks to kind nature, thoro is ail abundant supply of tlio raw material, and if tbo " pockot apparatus " doos it work, tlioro will bo fow benefited b- his gonius that will not wish him tho " top o' tho niornin'." No porson now lias any oxenso for "boing out of spirits." Per- missivo liquor laws uro dooinod. Wo havo at last tlio socrot why good air and frosli wator aro so healthful. "Ono binnpor nt parting." M. Bochamp, "may your shadow novor bo loss." 