THE V.R.C. MIDSUMMER MEETING-. BY BEACON. ' Although the .programme of the late . ^meeting was nob adorned by either a Port '' Phillip Stakes or Victoria Derby, rfc never theless! was sufficiently attractive to induce . some thousands to patronise the Flemington 'course oh New Year's Day. The attend-; ance too is a direct negative to the abolition \- 'of our races on .the first !of the year.' For if ten or twelve thousand : persons give theirj preference to racing, rather than to the many other amusements which oh,, that day are open to the votaries of pleasure, why and wherefore should the option of choosing their amusement be withheld from them? The large attendance on Satur day last is significant of the taste of: the people, and. more plainly than words goes! to show not only, the desirability of a con tinuance, but its absolute necessity also.' I have always maintained that a well arranged programme with moderate liberality would draw equally well with one of profuse ex: travagance, and in this I am more than borne out by facts ; for has not the modest but sub1 stantial fbill of fare this year proved as attractive as most of those which have pre ceded it, even though double the amount of money adorned their prizes ? Per instance, this year the club added to six races the sum of 750 sovs. against 1850 sbvs. of last year^ when 52horses started for the seven events of the day. On this occasion 51 competed for the 'six races on the card. The Port Phillip Stakes of last year brought out The Barb, Glencoe, Strop ' and Fireworks to contest the 500 sovs. of ' added money, while six disputed the Man ^ners-Sutton Stakes for 200 sov3. last week,: ? : and the meeting of Strop and Warrior, with J The Monk, Palmerston, Kestrel arid Praetor was ? vastly more interesting. Everything goes to prove that the revised programmes^ the; new mode of running the Derby the week prior to the Cup, and. making the Spring Meeting the most important of the year, are. steps in the right direction, and the club are now; enjoying what they never could boast of before, a balance at their bankers' instead of a debt of some two thousand ? pounds, hanging over their heads. Now, whenever ah institution gets rich and 'feels its feet, it wants to ' launch oiit to show its worth and substance^ and this will be sure to be the caso with the V. R. C. If such should be the case, I sincerely hope that the first great, undertake 1 ing -'after* the ground is considered will be , the fencing-in of the, course, and I could ? .only wish this , was at once proceeded withj because it would bring in a regular and per manent income. Somo little ; extra, accom modation is also necessary in the stand, par ticularly for the protection of the ladies, but this can easily be done at a moderate cost, and doubtless the inventive genius of the secretary will supply it in good timel One thing was remarked by many persons^ namely; that the lawn did not look so green and' pleasing as might 'have been expected of sor small a piece of ground and the , .ready appliances at command; and this was the more strange as the season had been so favorable to the growbh of grass and the preservation of its color. ; | Of £he racing it must be admitted that it . furnished excellent sport, and the admirabl^ condition of the horses contributed in no ? small 'degree to the excitement of the con tests. I find on reference to last week's issue ? that I pinned my faith to Kaled and Lady \- -Clare for the hurdles. The former fell, and the ' latter could have occupied tho second place, but aa there was nothing to be gained by it ? she was pulled off and came in third, Kaled' worse luck, fell when running fourth, that old veteran, Yorkshireman, proving the winnor. Now, who in all the creation would ( have expected Yorkshireman, 8st. 131b., to have beaten Lady CJaroat 9 -at, 6 lb., when ;.. her stable declared her to be as fit as evai1 ?she had been during her career, 'end con tinued to accept all the money in the market lip to 3 to 1 ? The time, 5 min. 56 sec, ia 4 sec. quicker than Kalod's of last autumn, and Little King's of twelve months since, while most of the races have taken from 6 min. 7 sec. to 6 min. 10 soc. Kaled fell, and caused Dolo to fall,' and therefore we are still unable to say whore they might have finished had they stood up. . That constant littlo mare, Fan- Nell, got to the endi of tho race without mishap ; and Potatoes showed iis' that, steered ' bjr a mail whb can control him, he- is as dangerous as j ever. Western broke down in both forelegs, and must retire for..the season. Dictator requires' a: spell, and he would return good interest for it riekt seal son. Wehave evidently plenty of hurdle-race material at hand; let us hope, therefore, they will again try conclusions at Geelong next month.; My favorably expressed opinion of Misty Morn turned out to be near the mai'k ; his was a very hollow victory in the three' year-old handicap ; the time, however, was slow. Matilda's light .weight brought ,her home second, and Kestrel ran as well as her condition would allow her.' The Monk won . the Midsummer Handicap as I anticipated he would, unless Prffltor could fescue it from him ; but the latter I did not at all like in tb.6 paddock, and I do not think he wasin^his best: form ; but the little Dutchman looked very well, and Albany's condition tod was of of the best. The rest of the field never had k ghost of' a chance, unless it was Plenipo, of whose prowess we had no chance of judging, as he' spilt his rider at the last turri, but I do not think. he was in the race at the time. The Monk won, with' lots in hand and something to spare. ? Only seven horses came to the post for the Steeplechase, Ballarat un fortunately going wrong two days before the race. This raised Babbler and Reindeer to the pinnacle of the betting poll, -and it was not unreasonably thought that between them ' one would secure. the victory. ' The latter went to cut down the field generally, and Bondo particularly. The former task he only partially. accomplished, but ''the latter he un questionably, achieved, ?bringing 'poor Bondo to grief three fences from home; but, while the pace was ; destruction to Bondo, j Banker and Freetrader, it also killed poor Babblerj and let upthe two1 light' weights, Skipper and Curryong, who; 'being equal to the 'bur dens they were;destined to carry, kept galloping on, when the welters were rolling in distress. Severallosers complained that Reindeer was pullei off, and did not run home for the money. . If 'he was pulled off from sheer ex haustion, well and good ; but if to let Babbler up, he was not justified in so doing, as both the horses were entered by the same person; and as no declaration was made to win with Babbler, it -was only fair to assume that, each horse was going upon his distinct and separ rate merits. I am. not saying that Reindeer did ribt do so, for I.thuik it quite likely that the race he had run with Bondo reduced the pulling off to anecessity ; but I am directr ing attention to the principle now in vogue of entering a number of horses and making no declaration, which amongst other things is rapidly sapping the very vitals.'of the .turf !to its foundation. I had made up my mind that both Skipper and Curryong would do a good thing some day, but I did not select the late race for their grand. coup.. . Luck, on his side, Curryong will y6t ; have his day, and reward his trainer for all cares and attention bestowed upon him.' ' Poor old' Blanker was1 very lame after the race, which he ban scarcely be said ever to have been in. The Manners Sutton Stakes,, won by Strop, was most deservedly gained } his condition was of the very first order. Before ? reaching the coui'se I had booked the ' race to him or Warrior, but when I saw the ? former's condition, there was ,'rip . ' need of a divided opinion. Strop moved like a horse rejoicing in the ' task before ' him of humiliating scimo great rival.- ? Warrior, on the other hand, went like a cat on hot bricks, and ran like a stale' horse ; no doubt the incessant work. Ke has. gone through for months past has told its ; tale, and he wants a .short respite..! . Kestrel van very well, and by this race wo; may know in future, how 1jo class her. ? The Monk was most injudicioxisly pulled, out a second time and paid the forfeit, for he came in lame in one of his fore legs,' which if it is' not a break down is very much like it. Prcetor could not be exr pe'eted 'to Jsecure 'this after failing in the Midsummer, and Palmerston showed us that he is but a very moderate animal. The Fifty Pound Plate wound up the day, Warrior, a useful plater, just proving himself the better hqrse, and beating ten other moderates, if we except Sir Walter, who must, have been very much amiss to have suffered defeat at their hands. : * / ; , ,- '?'? ?? ? :-} '. '? ; 