"iHURCH rOF.' ENGLAND 'SYNOD. Fnaas DAY--TunDAY, Psnn Aty 22. On Tuesday morninog Dr. Bromby, the ,' brd' Bishop' of Tasnlania, assisted, by the '"Reve.:F.:H.Cor,'M:B. Brownrigg, and H. ':" Bromby, conducted a service at- St. John's `Church, Lannoeston. ' At the conclusion of 1''the service His Lordship administered the • Sacrament of the Lord'sa.Supper. Shortly 'before twelve o'clock the members of the Tasmanian Synod met in the Public Library ';for'the transaction of businese, the Lord Bishop of Sydney and a number "of visitors, "iinaluding several.ladies, being also present. His Lordship the Bishop of' Tasmania, on taking the chair, offered in prayer, asking 'theblessing of the Most High uponi the con. msltations of the Synod, and bnsonoseawds at onoe proceeded with. ' ..'' =-"'} The" Secretary of ' Synod,- the Roev. A. ''Davenport, road the roll of members, there " beting present 22 clergy and '21lay' members. S everal new members of the Synod then' '.iame forward and sig ed 'the usual declara-' 'ctins."' Before,' however,' Mr.' Ferrar,' the representative for Rose, signed the deolaration, ' '.tbe Bisboli'said bo had received a petition' from 'Ros 'to the effect that;, there was some ':dispute as'to 'the' legality of'Mr. 'Ferrar's 'election." Consequently His Lordship thought' it:would be better to' appoint a committee to eenquire into:the matter previous to the repre"' "'e?itative signing 'the 'deolaration. It appearedl "''that' there had beeis two meetings; held, at '.'wh?chh 'different' representatives had been c'hosen to represent Ross in the Synod. . The Bishop also said he thought it would be better to dispose'of certain formal business prior to' the reading of his inaugural address.' "t "The Secretary then laid "on the 'table' a report of the transactions of the Widows' and Orphans 'Fund; a statement showing' the dis posal of moneys received under the Stato.aid ' Distribution' Act;' and 'a statenment of receipts and expenditure in conneotion with' Synod from 19th April, 1869, to' 31st 3Januiry, 1870\. The' Secretary ailsbo repoEted 'that he had received replies from 'the ioam. I Sobeots of thirty-eightoures with reference to the statistical 'returns; there, were. still': several .u"ies from which replies bhd iotbeen received. ' The Secretary also ]aid' on the table: certain I documents having reference 'to' ohurbh lands. I 'He said'it was practically' impossible to obey' . the' directions given with reference to this' matter, but he had prepiored the documents as nearly 'in compliance .with the' instruotionse given as it was possible for him' to' do.' ' The doiuments were received.' 'The Secretary thei' moved without notice I that Messrs. Tarleton and Lovett be eipowered ,to examine the debontures in the custody of Bacnk'of Van Dieinen's Land.. ' His Lordseip'thought it' oiodld 'e better 'for the Synod to at once detirmine whether it W:ould meet in the afternoon. It was decided that the Synod shoiuld meet in' the afternoon at 2.30, and 'adjourn at 6 I '`'clock for an hour.. On Thursday and Satur. a i day there will not be an evening meeting, put I the Synod will assemble in the morniogs' at 10 o'clock. n ' 'Mr. Richard Green presented a petition from ( the ohorohwardens and congregation' of St. John's ChOrob', Launceston, with reference to I 'the borrowing of, money., He moved that the peitiod'bo'received and printed, the 'petition to bio taken into consideration on the followinw day. '" 'It being the general opinion that the Bishop's , oniougoral address should now be delivered; his o 'Lordship rose 'and read as follows i- d . It gives me pleasure to meet you once more in the northern capital. Although, as a rule, it may f be expedient :to assemble more frequently in t Hobart Town than in Launceston, I felt that the v asoncisal position of the church had become so t altered 'since the'"Act for the Commutation of c .StateAid" halied come into operation, that it wees t desirable to give each portion of the diocese an a early opportunity for discussing the measures pro- t 'posed lor our frtore well.bleig. I am actuated f by : the faithful wish ,to give the fullest 'effect possible to that system of Synodical action by r which: the Bishop, in union with the presbyters e and people, carries on the administration of the t diocese. Since we last met I have received the t resignations of two very important' functionaries,; '.the Chancellor of the Diocese and its Advocate. e 'Iam glad of the opportunity of expressing my d deep obligations to Sir V. Fleming, to whose c,,lm judicial, mind I owe much of the comfort a ,which has enabled me to discharge my onerous v 'duties in seasons of difficulty. Happily. daring a the five or six years'of my episeopate, there has e 'tben no occasion for any more formal exercise of v his fuoctions. My loss, which Is also the loss of t the whole diocese, will be greatly lessened by the c seceptance of this highest 'legal office in the ,hurch on the parteof the late?Advocate of the DDlpcese, who has never failed to evince the .decpest inaterest in the church's welfare. ,It will be the duty of the Synod to appoint Mr. Dob iho's successor as Advocate of the Diocese. ' Duriog the past year I have' been afraid lest the sodden resignation of one or more of our aged. :or lofirm. cbaplaios'should leave their parish. toners onsupplied -with the means of grace. "'I .hve deeply felt the need of some supernumerary agency which would 'etable me at once to stop agap and 'make 'some temporary. arrangements, be provide a temporary supply until a permanent priovalo' had been made.; I have requested the !'. Northern Fioance Committee to add' to their S.r'stimates a grant for-this purpose., The evil that I apprehended wa. threatened more particularly, if not wholly, in the.aosthern archdeaconry ' Two chiplains actually, did apply' for a retiring peosloh, and other two were meditating. the same "lstep. ' ' I. s S The iocumbent of Broadmarsb bhas been com pelled 'to leave his ecure : for the benefitr of a warmer climate.; He has :returned uonfitto die b harge the duties of .Iilsoifae, and has expressed himself willing to secriflce a considerable portion So loils income to give effect toanyscheme which I Shave to propose for hls rolief. I:.bave been :'engaged to the attempt, 'bt not"yet successfully, i?,:to effect the union of'Brodmaresh and 'Bilghton: \--he' unfortunate accldent from a' fall from his !t:horse bhas prevented the Rev. J. :H.Smales from , disthartgiog his very useful duties at. the General . lopitael and at the Brickfleldse. and I muah fear he will never.be sable to resume them. The iapend allotted to the chaplaiu of these institu. b:' a|fls'addod to the"eontributlons offered by Mr. S":Ball and the people of Broadmasrah, will supply Sh'fund for the malntenoance of a misielousrynrate. :,. propose to ask the Synod to authorlse a grant o i saum not exceeding £100, which .may or may got be wanted, in whole or In parr, for the' ap polotmesut of such a supernumerary, who, i when ht required elsewhere, may be at my service or S'the service of the Archleseon of Hobert Town, : for~ eloisaioary excorsfods elsewhere. In the Nor :?lbra Arebdeseconry the suddeo appearance of a ?uopulatl?an:at Waterhouse, and the growth of ;little rural townships between Delorsine and the S eorth-West Coast, which havo been kept deeti I (lpte of the miptslrations of our church, make a simlar grant of equal, if not of superior, immort. ' ante. I feel disposed to recomuiend the forms fion of two separate funds, to be called the' Mis iobry nd" and the "Partial Endowment S to wblah churchmen may be invited to make sp'erlu conotributions, If the Synod, on its ' part, could see the way to adopt some fied priou e ? pe of: augmenting them. In respect to the latter the Endowment Fund, I hope that the Synoad, composed of the two archdeeeourite, may -:,still sq far eonsider its duty to the church of the future as to set apart a moltely, howeaver small, out'of its comparatively large foods, for the bene fit'of the future, when those fonds will be greatly reduced, The governing body of the church holds these t publie revenues in .troat for the church, which is not limited to one district nor yet to one generatioo. And while we have the accidental control over larger resources, in the same proportio,. there Is a larger number. of patishes which' are exempt from theo' brden of maintaining their clergy. It is hs mech. their bounden duty, as their manifest ,self-ioterest, to eoize the opportunity of providing for' the future; and :it is the equivalent doty of the Synod to arouse end to encourage, by adopting some fair principle of grants, such parishes to, a dischalge of this duty to themselves. It is'argoed, and I admit' the fall force of the' argument, that: we owe a' duty to the existing clergy 'who are already' upon our lists ; ' but.we also owe parallel duty to our children who' will follow as, and the energies of the Synod will be wisely de. voted to the adjustment of this' two.old claim. None will argue that:present laLmes are sufficeont excuses for .rejecting now 'ones that .may arise, whenever a parish shall become deprived of the services.of the. state.paid chasplaino. If'so, it be comes a question of 'primay importance to us to' make those claims less by our having offered encouragements 'to. endowment.. ' It is at least clear that every £100 which.we induce parishes, now relieved from any pressure, to contribute to their-own endowment, is so much addition to the future capital of the chbrchb. 'The two Finance Committees' were inetructed to confer. upon the 'soblect dtirug the recess. 'Certain propositions I emonating from the Southern Commities have I failed to meet with the approval'of the Northern Should no general principle commend itself to the t common.Judgment of ;the Synod, there 'can at ,least,be no valid objection to our, devoting the balance'of annual income afrer existing claims I have'been' first fully met.':' Icoifess that my own I seSue 'of duty 'goes f'rther.' ' I h'ave, however, I alreadysufilcientlyexpressed the hope,' not, I tear, I likely to be realised, that a small moiety, whether I of capital or income, would be set apart, as a re I cognition of our debt to.the future, trustlitg to the t liberalityof Chunrbmen and to the power of the I voluntary princlple to meet the engagements by I which we are bound to the existiig clergy. It has I always appeared to' me that, in this great neede I time of our church, we have no right to 'sacrifice Ia the future to the!demands of the present. c But-let not this hesiatation of the Synod -to t grapple with the(practical question draw off the I attention rotf private churchmen from the duty of t endowment. The Synod may even encourage E such endowmeent' by the surrender of the right of s 'pttron?'e:, I do not say In' perpetuity, but dur log the'life time ofat'the hebenefactor. The paroobial authorities likewise, where there are State paid' chaplaina,: lie under some obligation to take ad- t vantage, of the present- freedom from claim. t Hitherto, the spirit of self-reliance may have C been deadened by the hope that State provision was unalterable and perpetual. From that dream we have awok?e, and what is our position in're. gard to endowments ? What has been 'set aside for a coming dearth to the days of our compara live plenty P In Hobart Toivo, the endr.wment ' food of St. David'sdoes not exceed £100 ; at St: George's it amounts to £760.:, There are none in any of the remaining three churches of the city, New Town and:Hamilton have set admirable examples; and I grieve' to speak of the loss which each bas sustained In this respect, of the hen. W. Nairn iu the onecase,' and Dr. Sher. land in the other-churchmen widely respected, and greatly impressed with a sense of this par- ticular duty. During the rincumbency of Dr. Ewing, the offertory at New Town was made to yield for this purpose £2000, and the benefit of tbhi foresight is beginning to be more and more felt. The fond at Hamilton now exceeds £800. and It is receiving a constant increase. Captain L'angdon 'has given an exemplary precedent in setting apart during his life time a rent charge upon his property of £60 a year.' .The gift par. takes of the nature of a true sacrifice. Presented during the life-time of. he donor, ebch gifts are real gifts to God. .When we. die, our meoey can scarcely, in any true sense, he' called oir"own'. -In the same category belong the en. dowment of Prosser's Plains by a farm worth £250, and a debenture of £100; and of Camp bell Town and of Lymington. For these instances of solf-sacrifice, devotion to Christ and to his Church, 'let us feel grateful to Him who will .not forget "these works and labor that proceedeth of love," and let me commemorate tlhem ns examples, for surely there is such a thing'as infection of good ae well as evil. Churchmen who have not the means to consecrate land or money, may have zeal to provoke others; assure them after the example of New'Town or tlamiltoo. There are nome- roas other parishes still relieved from the ne- cessity of contributing to the maintenance of their clergymen,, who I hope masy be provoked to provide for the pastor of the futere, especially if such providslnimay g ve them a choice in his eleetion. The valuable report of the Arch- deacon of ,Hobart Town estimates the total amount,"of endowment in his arclideaeonry at £4210; and I need not say how gratified every well ,wisher of. the Church ashould he to see this sum so gradcally enlarged as to leave the Gen. eral 'Church 'Fond, which most soon become more and more diminished, at liberty to meet c the really :misionary wants of the Church. Who r can look upon the possible development of the t gold fields at Waterhouse, and the consequent t extension of population, both towards Fingal in the one direction, and George Town, in the other; and'sgaln the increased nombera em ployed in our agricoltural areas, without feelion bow desirable it is to possess a fund which shall enable the Church to occupy its rightful position as a pioneer in the Christian army, and not the latest in the march. . If the liberality of Church. men permit it, for their own sakes let our clergy be maintained as men of education, social posi- tlon, and refinement. But if not, I believe that within the Church will be' found laborers of some kind, more or .less fitted by education for the work, who will look higher for reward, and I accept from those' among whom they minister what shall :be set before them. And this leads .me to- speak of .the mode In which the 'best in terests of the .church require that the :clergy should be maintained In this matter, as in most, there are two sides. That a clergyman should be, in some. measure, dependent upon his people's gifts is no very just around of comp'aint, butethe ay tem that makes him wholly so is radically nn sound, because' it exposes him to the temptation •of unfaithfulness, to which even the , beat men should not be liable." It may entall upon him evdIt the least of 'which will be his penery, the greatest, his loss of independence. The higher he is educated and the nobler in .personal character, the' greater will be the penalty, while'the worldly, and the timid will be in peril of cringlog to the wealthy,'and of forgetting their true characneter as ambassadors of God. No greater evil can befall a church than a state in which the guides of the people, looking round upon their wives and chil dren, are tempted to forget the apostolic com mands 'Hold' fast the form of sound words," '"Keep that which is committed to thy trust." Woe be to a church when its mlnisters, whose mission it .is to oppose the world, are tempted to court it; to show no sympathy with the trials and temptatious of the poor, because they are poor, but to speak smooth things to the rich because they are rich. 'But on the other hand, it is just because the ambassadors of Christ's church are compassed with human infirmity that an entire independence of the people may beget a spirit at Indifference, or a careless and perlunctory dis charge of duty, It seems to me that the healthiest state is that in which the. clergyman Is removed a from the temptation to save his family from poverty by unfaithfulness to his conscience, but depends in some degree upon the personal attache ment of his people, as the measure of his zeal and popularity. The tyranny of the clergyman especially in solitary townships, may be very injurious, but the tyranny of the laymen may he none the less eo e .ew CaTrn?EDRlA-I reported at the last oea' e siaon of Synod that the fist contract for the 7 fooundation of the new cathedral had been exe oe toted, and that the second contraict for the nave, ta aleles, and at least a portion of the traansepts had (1N heen, entered into Tiis portion the work is, very far advanced. The stale wa, piers, and arches are completed in a most fatth I and stils factory manner. There is no rea why the c cathedral should not he ready for eec cratiou at the next session of Synod. To seen this very desirable object, undertaken for the wry of God I and the consolidation of the ehurchb,t will, he . necessary that promises of donatio shall be faithfully kept, and that cburchmen the Nor thern Archdeeconry should recol ie their I common interest in their cathedral crch even t as they recognise their pecaliar shp Intheir Bishop and his ecelesiastical funotlnons I hope v if the consecration can be made to qnchroole C with the next session of Synod, tba(as many ' Northern representatives will be preset as are, able; and I further venture to hope manwhile, they will contribute as a matter of/privilege, e some practical assistance, however mall, to. wards the consummation of an objectbegeSnin ' Iaith and in. reliance upon the re ity end I liberality of Tasmanian churchmeun. 'he pro-. greoss of events has justified my opinio that thisa decade should be one of church bulhdin' Every strain will be made, in a few years. pon our e resources, for the sustentation of out clergy. While- still we enjoy the maximum f forei o aid. derived from the pubohli funds, I ltve been very anxious, and my efforts have not beeon without success, to encourage church n 'hoildlng. Alongside of the cathedral church, the riother of " the rest, twelve others are now springing 'p, or are I being projected 'in the two archdesconries since my arrlvalfive years ago. Of these three-the one at Patterson's Plains, the one at Rbss, osnl the one at Fiogal-were opened for Divine servic' 3 since we last met, and a fourth at O'Brien's' r Bridge Is being roofed in. And what Is true of a these twelve churches is true of the cathedral c church. If the spirit of apathy had been per- c mitted to check our energies, these several i parishes would have been left for so,fndefinite I period destitute of God's bhouse s .and the.runs I of St. David's Church would justly reproach as, t in all generations, 'for allowtog the favorable opportunity to pass by. But it is not with the I material fabric only that we are concerned, albeit God's house should not, whether in diocese or t parish, be conspicuous for meanness among the buildlngs around. The cathedral, especially, c should be, in its arrangement, adapted to the a discharge of the principal functions of the Bishop, . whether the ordination of the clergy or the con- a firmatfou of the yoeng. The cathedral should be I the centre of the church's life, the topstone of 5 hear parochial organisation, the source of misa sionary effort, and the school of sacred learnming. .CATrnanaAr. Cnawaa.-Assooiated with it e should exist the.cathedral chapter, which, under I Its Dean, should be charged with important lous- I tlons defined by the voice of Synod, and fitted to e the wants of a colonlal branch of our Reformed Church. In all spiritoal cases, the chapter 1 should be the natural eouneil of the Bishop. 5 To it he should look for advice in whatever coon. earns the heat interests of the whole church of the c dioceae. There are, indeed, some funotions already 'defined by 'the canons (to whlch, at least, the t 'clergy owe allegiance), but there are necessarily others, which it Is within the province of a Synod I to add, demanded by. modern wants and colonial c peculiarities. " The. former, the more inherent 1 fone lons of a cathedral chapter, the 81st and t 35th canons laid down, including the examinatioon, thie ordination, and the corrective discipline of the clergy. It belongsto the chapter not only to be present at and to aid the examination of cen didates for holy orders, and to assist at "the t laying oer of hands," but also so act as a salutary I check uponthe unrestrained power of the Bishop. 1 "They ought to be,"as has been said, "a per- i manent executive representation of ouar reformed branch of the Catholic church, 'a standing com. mitteo of advisers to lend weight. and dignity I to' examinations for orders, and the fatherly I administration of' correctionnl discipline." In these days, too, in which we have discovered that I the colonial churches are not legally hound by I those eccleslastical laws that bind the established I church at home, I think such a capitular body I 'may become one powerfol Instrument for se- a curing unity of 'doctrine and worship with the I mother 'church - at al events it Is in the cathedral church that the Bishop, with his chapter, are expected to give ntterance to the I great Catholic truths of the Gospel, and to minis. I ter the simple but solemn offices of our church. For this end an inexpensive buot impressive cathe dral Is rising up in our principal city, whose mission I I pray, will be to help us and our children to I "stand in the old paths."-a faithful witness and handmaid of the sober devotion of the Engttlsh I Church. e 'The time has come, it seems to me, for the for. mation of such a chapter. The Council of Advice has hitherto been a provislonel makeshilt. The Syood, in its session, may perhaps be able to de. I termine the constitution of each a chapter. Hono. rary canons (honorarg they taustbe,in the absence I of any special endowment) should he permanent:y appointed by the Bishop, or by the Bishop and I clergy conjointly; and eil lay.assessors or lay. canons might be nominated for three years, as at I present, by the Synod. The Incumbent of St. David's, as head or dean, and the venerable the Archdeacon, could belong to it ex oficio, CunasT'a Cor.Las.-Coeval, Indeed, with the I opening of the new cathedral, will-be, I hope, the I ropenirg of this Institution. By the careful management, ooen'the part of Archdeacon Reibey, I of the rents of the estate, the enormous debt was, in 1869, reduced, by afresh payment of £1,000, to I £1,800; and if a similar reduction be made this 4 year, only £800 debt will remain. Various efforts have been made to secure to the Synod some con. I trol over the funds of the Ripon Trust and of Christ's College. I doubt whether the Bishop has power to divest himself of the legal estate ; his position as a corporation sole is the great security to the church. He may, however, appoint asses sors for administrative purposes; and such asses sors, it seems to me, should he nominated from the representatlves of the Synod. Such a Council ot Advice 'as the capitalar body would be, I shall-be willing-to recognise as a link boe. tween myself and the Synod, in the admlnistra. tion of these funds; representing, as it does 'in' its constitution, the three elements of which the Synod is itself composed. I certainly shrink from exercising a very wide power which resides In myself as visitor, without consulting the repre. sentatlve parliament of (he church, upon ques tions which shall determine tIe future constit tutiou, the very declaration of trust, the time when and the place where the college shall be reopened. If Esuch declaration of trust shall bind as to look principally to the education of candidates for holy orders, it will be desirable to associate the'college closely with the eathe dral. Under the eye of the Bishop as visitor, within the reach of men competent to act the 'part of professors of divinity, sacred Ilterature, and pastoral theology, with opportlunities ot labor Ing amidst a large population, and of learnlog the beat systems of Sunday School management and parochibal minlatratloo among the poor, the cathedral city would appear to be the natural 'and proper site. Whelher other interests will suffer, or other claims of a less epecstal character will come into competition, are questions that may present difficolties, and make it desirable that I nhould be assisted with a standing oun. eil of Advice. a Snonaratto or Canncc SSnvcos.--Advertlng Sto other matters of interest, the length of the a Morniong Service has sometiges been found In compatitble with the propet discharge of the I duties which fall to the clergymen in our larmo roral districts. Whenever the celebration of the it Lord's Supper occurs, the officiating minister is d compelled to omit his duties at the Suoday School n or some afternoon service in a more dlastant it part of his parishl. There is no u priori reason *. for adhering in all times to the e'act form of a d service which originally consisted oftwo or three, a and were for convenienoee thrownito onue.Nodoubt y the true way st remedying the evil complainoed n of--a evil which is felt much more in the colo. ules than at home-would be by separating aind s so abbreviating theserviees, and thoa molhiplyitg he tbe opportuiltles of poblic worship at e- different hoare. But desirable as that re, course may be, except, perhaps, lo our own large td townsi, it will be almost impracticable. Aa a role,, in such case, I 'should prefer the entire a omission of one of the incorporated services, on any given occasion, either the litany or the anltl a communion, to a mutilation of any. On this no- . count, I did not hesitate last year to comply with I the reqoest of Synod that a soffroae should be introdoued into the litany as a substitute for the 4 prayer for the Governor, and 1 further extended I the liberty to sabstitute a parenthetical clause in that soufrage in place of "the prayer for the Par. lioment," when it is assembled. Iconceived also. that I had. a right, by virtue of my office, to permit, not to prescribe, the omission of the litany a whenever there was a celebration of the Holy t Ccmmonioo. The changes, then, which I have t ventured to authorise are-first, the subatitution of r sunflrage in the litany, the omissloo of the anote. a commonon eservico whenever there has been an a early celebratioo, and the omission of the litany whenever there is a full communion service, or t whenever the litany shall be used at a third, as E for instance, a cateehetical service. It should be I remembered that the sermon in morning prayer Is v a part of the communion service, and the iotro. t duction of the Lord's Prayer in the pulpit (nod, d strictly speakiog, any prayers) Is an onpreseribed I and modern innovation. Whenever the ante. t commoolon service is omitted, the prayer for the v church militant, beautiful and all-comprehensive a as it is, should properly be omitted also. The r liberty which I have allowed will be, of course, t subject to the'control of a provincial synod. No individual clergyman should be guilty of intro. docing any change upon his own authority. I r observe that a notice of motion has f been madoe upon this and similar sub-. jects. It ,will be for the Synod to deter. a mine bow far it Is expedient at the present time, I acting by itself and for itself, independently not f only of; the Church at home, but of the sister c churches in these colonies, how far it IsJustiled r by the gravity of the occasion, in making any E precipitate change ; and this especially while I there exista nty uncertainty as to the real rela f tion between the Church in the colonies and the F Church established in England, and in the pros-. c pest of a convention of a General Synod, at a which every diocese in Australia will be invited to send representatives. I do not any these things h from.eny wish to prejudge the. subjects of which c notlpe has been given t much less do I shore the a opinions of some men who seem to regard all in-. novatlons upon the Prayer Book a a coospiracy against the Church. The Book of Commonu Prayer is precious to ns as the echo of the de-b votions of the primitive church. It is that " form t of sound wo de" to which, in later ages, many b corruptions were superadded, and from which, in ti Sstill later ag those corruptions were rejected. But unlike the Bible, the Book of Common a LPryer cannot sorely be so perfect as to be nsees ssatily soiled to every age alike, and to all out ward circumstances of every possible variety. To seugeat any change, whether in the shape of j abbrevlation, addition, or re-arrangement, is no sign of disloyalty, so long as no covert nroad is c coctemplated upon its distinctive teaching. You q may have observed that during the last sesslon of Convocation in England, a committee was appoloted, to prepare an order of prayer for ;a third eervlee. This is, of itself, a re coglition of a new want, and it is a note. worthy sign of the progreesive spirit of the age I that the English Convocation did not see fit to restiict the committee to the contents of the Prayer-book for its choice of materials With such prospects opened out to uo, I am no hin- I derer but a counsellor of prudeot action. How. I ever strong are the arguments in favor of nelng I our own greater liberty in the colonies for the purpose of adapting the lituory to our special waots, we must be careful to avoid any precipl - tate action which might render difficult the adoption of one uniform usage in the general province of Australia Any great diversityof practice, founded upon resolutions of separate Drocesso Synods, Instead of upon the simple permission of an todividual bishop, might sur. round the question, when brooght before a General Synod of the entire province, with prac tical difficulties. And the same remarktpplies in some degree to the Introduction of private hymn books. GusanaL Srono.-And this remark intro doces the qoestton whether there is any early prospect of such General Synod being held. You will recollect that I entered upon this suhject with considerabhle fullness in my opening address last year at Hobart Town. The Synod, as It think, wisely adopted a very general resolution in favour of the scheme. By this step, neither t ourselves nor the Melbourno Assembly place any practical obstacle nlo the way of any early meeting t of represontatives In Sydney, for the purpose of framing a constitution, and for defining the functions of our Synod. The Sydney t Synod on the other hand entered Into details and referred these details to the Provincial Synod of New South Wl'ales. And as that larger Synod t is convened only once In three yeare, a very uno desirable delay may be the conserquene. You , observe that I have used the term Provincial t Synod of New South Wales, and I feel that at this particular juncture, when the more fall organisation .of the English Church most be discussed, it is important that all the members I of our own Synod, lay and clerical, should i avoid the possibility ot misconception by a clear anderstanding of the term. A diocese then, as we well know, is an association of all the parishes comprised within a given territory. But, when. there happen to be three or four each dioceses within the same colony, these dioceses may be associated into a special or par ticular province. These provinces will be con terminous with each separate colony. We have no such province in Tasmania, because Tasmania has only one diocese. But again, in order to secure the union of the Churob throughout Aus tralia, in doctrine and discipline, as well as for the alterior purpose of facilitating such union with the parent Church in England, these par ticular provinces in Australia may e associated in a still larger groop, and so form what would be called a General Province. As we have is Tasmania only one diocese, and not three or four, as in eow South Wales, we are' not concerned with a special province. But for that very reason our concern is so much the greater with a General Province, it the deliberations of which oar representatires would take their part, and from which every resolution before it became binding upon us, would have to be referred to our own dioscesan Synod for confirmation. This, then, is the three fold distinction which I am anxious to makoe clear. There Is the diocesan Synod like this, over whose deliberations the bishop of the diocese presides. Secondly, there is the special Provincial Synod as in New South Wales, over which the Metropoltan pr.siJts. And thirdly, there is the General Provincial Synod. over which any elected bishop formally styled Primate presides. And this question of a General Synod is intimately related to that other question of altering the Liturgy. Hitherto'a dificul ty has beset us arle ito from our supposed legal identity with the Cbhurcb at home, as distingulished from the Identity ariesing from mutual compact. T'he very r aniety to take udvantage on the part of four esteemed churchmen in Tssmania of such a change in our relationshblp with the Church at home, in Sorder to modify our Church services, ie in iitself an illustration, to my mind, of the necesilty that exists for some controlling influence from with oat. The liberty of the American Eplscopal Church, used on this behalf, is sometimes cited sand envied, but it must be borne in mind that a the American Synotas are under the control of a SGeneril Synod, and it is noteworthy that the s progress of the Episcopal Chursb io the State of a New York hitas Indoced it to take measures for Suniting its Dioceses into aparlicular province, so Sas to be a link between the Diocesan Synods and Sthe General Convention, as it is called. e, It will be avowed by many that the old counsel St "qtieia non movere" applies to ourselves. " Let sd hs contenst to govero ourselves, as the Church . Constitoution Act allows, as a simple diocese, exer id coing jurisdiction over a voluntary association g composed of members of the English Church. at 'There will be time enough totremedy the evil at when sobuch evil arrives." But sach argument will e not bear exminatio. It is advanced in lu orget. a f(ulness of the laot that our very Constitutioa Atel was drawn up at a time when the relation of the ca Cololal Churbch to the mother country was msis understood, and It was erroneously assumed thtI 0 the ecclesiastical law of England was a part of the F law which settlers carried with them to the colonies. The "Church Coestitutioo Act" woe ca drawn up under the Impression that the Queen's tt letters patent conferred appelate rights to the 51 Metropolitan, sand ltimately to the Arehbishon et of Canterbury. Among the practical conseqoenets P of this misapprehension, now unlversally acknow cc ledged, are these-frst, there is no provision I secured for the succctsloo of Bishops; secondly, it there are no powers conferred upou any court for ct the removal of a Bishop, if such removal were 1 necessary for the welfare of the Church. - If aso i avoidance of the see should, occor, the Crown and the Synod might each claim the right to c0 nominate a socesasor, and there would arise all It the very serious evils of a divided allegiance. b SBch evils are to be provided for, as in the State so In the Church, not a' when men's minds are excited by rivalry, but in a 't time of peace. At present a clergyman, con-. demned after the prescribed mode of trial by his el Bishop for heresy, and deprived, must appeal to a the civil courts of the colony, which In that case t would be obliged to enquire into the doctrines B and discipline of the Chorcb of England, incs much as the Colonial Church has bound herself w to observe them, and from their verdict the op. C peal must go to the Queen to Council. Such ri evils, of uot Improbable occurrence, can only be h remedied by the method indicated at the con. it ference of the seven Bishops at Sydney, to F November of 1868. I trust, therefore, that we d, shall content ourselves by a general aequlescence tI nto the recommendations arrived at in that Con- v ference, end abstain from any resolations which C may have the effect of postponing the meeting of V representatives for the establishment of a General C Synod, which alone can remedy the defect which w Ihave explained and avoid the evils which I have at foreshadowed. Again, the limits which define a d Bishop's power over the liberty of a licenosed clergyman, in matters not defined by the Church's a standards, most be laid down by a General Synod. h Where the law of the Church has not decided the legality or illegality of any given practice, two courses are open-either thbo Bishop has the " autbority to determine its legality or de- Ct sirnbleness, or else each incumbent most tC be left to his own discretion. To secure to unity-in each diocese, the right rule would seem e to be that the discretion of each Incumbent shall be controlled by the Judgment of the diocesan t' but to secure unity in the entire colonial church, te the Judgment of the diocesan needs to be con- 0 trolled by some higher authority, and where tC should shob anthority be vested except in a d General Synod? In the diocese of New Sooth i Wales the Chancellor of the Diocese laid down it the role when deliverleogjudgment on the sob-. ject of " monuments and decorations of churches." n "the Bishop was at liberty to give effect to other a conelderations than those involved in the mere question of legality or illegality of the ornaments proposed to be introduced." It would appear, if we are to trust the newspaper reports of recent occurrences in the Melbourne diocese, that the Bishop claims the right to refuse a liconse to a d clergyman rn the groond, I conclude, that he is i himself the judge of decency and order in public r worship in all eases where the law bas not spoken. The principle laid down by the learned Chancellor of Sydney may be correctly stated, I but if so, the extent of power which is vested in a bishop's hands makes it the more desirable that it should be affirmed by the solemn dictum ouf a general couocil. In our own diocese a great e anomaly exists Changes may be made in the t furniture and arrangement of the church under J the protection of our locvl.law without a faculty I of the Bleshop. Such a practice seems to me op posed to the inherent rights residing lu the episcopal office, and certainly to the custom of the universal Church. An incumbent and his churchwardens might introduce, if they were agreed, extravagances in ritual opposed to the spirit of0 our Reformed Chrcub, or they might coovert the Church into the baldest conventicle; and in both cases set the Bishop at defiance. But it is'not only to prevent the possible drifting away Into isolating corrents of doctrine ur discipline that a General Synod is necessary, not only to make roles for the confirmation and due consecrstion of bishops, hot the very aspect of the times points out to all thinkiug minds the desirableness of a more complete organiestion of the English Church in the colonies, after the modal of the primitive Church. United, the Churches of Australia may stand the assault of any coming storm of heresy or schism; an isolated diocese tmight yield. Bold speculationos distinguish modern tithes, as bold assomptions of domination over the liberty of individual churches distin- t golshed the ages pest; assumptions that are being renewed, favored by the divisions of the reformed churches, and the gradual departures which befall all such divisions from the standard of the ' faith once delivered to the saints." Men will differ as to the opinion where the danger to their faith chiefly lies. Those who permit themselves to see only once source of peril are blind to others which come disguised under specious names. The intellect of the age is intolerant of old mystery now. Having cast off the mystery of error, it proceeds to grapple with the mystery of truth. What cannot be understood by the intellect of men must be yielded as superstitious. The in- tolerance of creeds, however apostolic, and of all dogmatic theology; the worship of in- dividuality as opposed to all church order or church idea; the contempt for the sacraments, and the open advocacy of natural religion; the bold denial of the fact of miracles, not as an affront to science, but as a scientific impossibility ; the consequent rejection of the fundamental doctrine of our Lord's Divinity ; the alarming spread of positivism and of materialism, and of the scepticism and the Deism, that are only biding their time; these are evils which perhaps outweigh the dangers of Roman Catholicism. With all its unscriptural pretensions, Its super- stitious and cruel anathemas, she did at least hand down, in the day of her power, the funda- mental doctrines of our blessed Lord's Divinity and glory. I wish that I could think that there is no peril from the old quarter still, but it is a peril that will come from reaction, a despotism reacting upon the misuse of liberty. From the terrible evils of disunion in the Church of Christ, which should be the family of the children of God, for whose visible unity our Lord and elder brother so earnestly prayed, men are apt to yearn even for the semblance of unity t and to souls weary with the distractions of strife and sects, and tossed about with every wind of doc trine, any promised rest, however delusive, is welcomed. Many thoughts in this unrest have been lately turned to Rome-some,- perhaps, in hope-otht r in wonder. Many prayers have been put up that the hierachy of the Church, which still holds sway over whole nations, may be overruled by the spirit of love to bless, and not to sanathematise. Alres y we hear that no fresh asurpation of our Lord's supremacy need be apprebended, no sew development will be applied to that ill-ased scripture, "Thou art Peter, and Supon this rock will Ibuild my Churchb." A rock Sis a beaslifule emblem of durabilily, hobut a most unfelicitons one of snpremocy. We pray for unity, even as our Lord did, as a high and most t ineslimable blessinog. United, the Church of Christ ncold concentrate her force aganlast the Lord's enemies sod eeonomlse her resourees. d nited the stronghbolds of unbelief, and lust, anod t edo would fall. Buot if the great Conneil lately a assembled at Rome-I call it not (E:omenletl, for (Erumenical means world-wide, and the Greek and Anglican brsnches of Christ's Church. r to say nothiog of other communions, are not o represented there. If that great Council is anxious d to facilitate so great an object as the resuolon of Christendom, she must remove those nsodals el and those difficnuitles which rendered the Re(orma. it ton a necessity. By bold assusmptions she may hb still begeile the minds of the simple, but every r. truo and enlightened Churchanso will take his so stand upopen this ground. Tne reply of the h. Anglica Churoh to the Bishop of Rome Is simple 'ii and intelUlgible--"I you will, at this Counctil. ill return to your old pueitioureeognised in the erls t- days, we witi admit yeur patriarcbal dignity. We ci demand that you shall diedtinctly declare the tc t character of these decretatl on'! which your antumption of authority rests, and thegeooioneoss ofr which is now deooled y the most learned of your own communieo. Pronounce the indepen. dence of other churches. By all that is truly catholic withdraw your. blshops from ,English territory, cancel your nocathollo 'ansthemae, and then you will have removed the very ob. taoole which makes an (Etnmeoicsl' Coinoal Im possible. After that sanction one, if you will, to Judge those doctrines of modern. Griowth which nou teach to order to determine. whether they he in accord with Holy SBripture and, the primllive creeds. Do hobut return and do your first.works, mnd then we will return to brothorly anion, and in all general councils concede you a place of precedence, chiel among equals. - We' will wel come a brotherly union when you have returned to Catholic practice and the Catholic' faith asewe have urreelves received .it from: apostolic days,' This you and I may deem, in the present aspect, an Utopian Idea, hopeless to pray to-, hopeless to realise. "But with God all things are poisible." This at least is ours-earnestly to plead auil pati ently to work, avoiding by irritating words anad on-Christian behavior, as the manner of some is, to widen a breach which cannot be healed until Rome cease to be the Rome we know her now. Why do 1 mention these things in connection with the more developed organisation of our own Church ? For this reason. From usurped autho rity as well as from corrupt dogmas on the one hand, and from the disintegration of the Protes tant Church the powers of infidelity spring. From these powers, usurped authority. corrupt dogmas, disunion of Christian sects, the eye of the faithful looks with hope towards the more visible union between the Reformed Englllsh Church at home, the Amerlcan Church of the West, and the colonial branches of tib 'British Churoh throughout the world. On 'this acconnt, whatever tends healthily to develops the.'organi sation of the Church in Australia, controls our diocesan action without impairlog:our liberties, whatever is calculated to keep us in visible union with the mother Church in England, should be hailed with thankful joy. And once more let the eye be turned inwrards. In a small community, sod in sn Insular position, men's ideas and sympathies are apt to become contracted; let me then once more implore you to avoid offences and schisms in the narrow io terest of party; wherever there Is permitted the exercise of private judgment there. mhst be differences, and if differences are not to degenerate into carnal strife and bitterness, it followis that there most be toleration within the utmost limits of Christian charity. To the whole Church, and to its constituted authorities, and not to each in dividual member, it belongs to lay down the limits within which personal liberty shall have its play. But wherever constitutional law has not Interfered with tboh exercise of private judg ment, no man must judge his brother, nor:set up a tribunalof his own. Whenever the maternal voice of the Church has not spoken, wise men will adopt the watchword, " Controversy, but not Schism." Controversy not in the spirit of, angry ignorance, but In the spirit of loving troth-seekers. The right to hold and defend our own opinions does not carry with it the right to insult the opinions of others. In the domain of relinious thought there are two anotgoolstlo elements, which in its public expression' need to he adjusted. They are liberty and authority. Liberty without authority becomes licentiousness, and authority without liberty, despotism; and there is the same antagonism. and the same need of adjustment also, between rights and duties. The apathy of the laity and the loss of a zealos part of it to the Church is attribatable :partly to the jealousy of the clergy in a past age, and partly, perhaps, to the endowments of the Church which made their co- operation less needful. It is con trary to homan nature to expect the' flaity to accept duties when they are excluded from their proper rights, whether 'in paroshial work or parochial endowment the laity cannot be expected to evince zeal and liberality, unless a due regard be paid to their wishes, and, in somecases, their prejudices. . If we, my reverend, brethren, are negligent, self-seeking, secular, we., must expect attendance thin at church, contempt of the ordinances, slender offerings. On the other hand, with the lay element pervading our Synod, our parochial machinery, our boards of patronage, our employment of lay-deacons, the Church has a right to demand that along with the recognition of lay rights should run in parallel lines the recognition of lay responsibility. The Church has a claim upon the tithe, unenforced and spontaneous, for its endowment , and extension among the outcast and the heathen, that men of learning end piety, free from soanxiety on behalf of their families, may minister, among them, while others carry the gospel to the'bash man and the miner. t Lot us who have devoted oarselvos to the work of the ministry. givefull proof of it, and soe earn the respect and love of the people. Let the pastor be among his neighbors the real parson-tbat is, t.e model parson, the adviser, 'the teacher, the coun. seller, the friend, looked up to alike by the young and old. Nothing will more effectively command the reverence and co-operation of the laity. than the seal, theindependeneethe self-denyinglabors of the clercy. In distant calls to the bed of the' sik and dying,let not the minister of God be outstripped by the physician of the body. It we seek the:unson of those who have separated themselves, let-ns manifest our own true and personal onion with him -,whose commisdon we believe we inherit ; whose word we preach t whose sacraments we dispense ' It is a terrible penalty we Incur it we allow the sheep to wander whom we have promised to feed ; to:perish in igorance whom we have promised to instruct. " Contend earnestly for the faith," not with the zeal of men fighting for psarty triumph, but in the 'spirlt of meekness, and in a holy chritian life. ' hPreach the great doctrines of evaugelio truth-the corrup tion of our nature ; tLe atonement and example of our Redeemer t the sanctifying and comforting power of the Hsly Ghost. Hold last the form of sound words, and the apostolic constitution iof our episcopal Church, while you love those who love Christ, although they see no as yousee. Uphold the efcacy oa the seacramoent and the Church's doctrine respectinog them, neither reducing them Into bare signs, nor conceallng them under supersttitous gulees. Whatever has been commanded byChrist or his apostles, that call not unessential, however hnim portant in the eyes of men. Nor think that the divisions of our modern christianity are unimportant either. Mourn over them as an obstacle to its pro areas, and as an offence to God. " Mark-them which ceus :divisions and offences contrary to the doctrine which ye have learned and avoid them." Yearn for and pray for the time when families of one neighborhood shalt ,nn longer separato one from another, but meeting in one place, and owning a common brotherhood, shall with one mind and one mau.h worship the One Father and glorify the One Redeemer. Let there be not so :many cold hearts within, and then there may not be so many wan derers without. Strive to make your Church services more attractive by every legitimate means ; lost the more sensatianal forms of some religious communities, and the more solemn offices of the Roman.Church rob esofour people, becasse we refuse to offer a afelcient vent to the leelings of the awokened, ur to &dapt; our sorvices to modern waros. The advanced Christian may be beyond the reach of any sochn heed; burnso far as we can, consstuently with the doctrines and disci pline of our Reformed Church, without sacri8cing simplicity and soberness of ritual, it is at least wise to provide for the large mas of the youug aa wsll as imperfectly edneated Chrlstians. And "be apeace among ourseltver.":' In these days of danger, walk aboat Zion and tell the towers thereof, and liing together in nity, your peace shall be Ilke "the dew of Harmoo, whieh fell uponthe hill af Zion, for there the Lord promised His blessing and life for I ervermore.. There remains sow for me simply to express the earnest hope that our deliberations will now be con I dcted with the slngle aim of promoting the glory ot God. The Church Assembly will, I doubt not, contionue to show the same mutual forbearance and brotherly respeet which have hitherto marked ts hietory. Bearinog in mind that immortal souls cm milted to oar care are being borne into eternity, and Sthat we shall have to gise a a ,lemn account for all we ,to here and elsewhere, "let nothlag be done through Sstrife or rain glory," passion or prejudice, test tilts y prat work of ours suffer damage, which our Lord i hath girven ua to do. At the con?loion of his address, hiesLord ship eat down amidst the prolonged applauoe of his hearers. The Rev. A. Davenport then moved, with i out notiao; that the repojurts and etimrates for \-----the Northern and Southorn Finance Commit teesbe considered that afternoon. His 'object in taking this action was to provide sonic defi nite work for the afternoon. The motion was adopted. It' was decided, on the motion of the Rev. A.Davenport, that Messrs. Tarleton and Lovett be appoinled'to examine the debentures bf the Synod in possession of the Bank of Van Die. men's Land. At two o'clock the Synod adjourned till three o'olock, at which time, en re-nesembling, Mr. Green, having obtained leave to move a resolution without giving notice, proposed that a committee be appointed, consisting of the Revs. F. H. Cox, M. B. Brownrigg, Messrs. Jones, Smith, and the mover, to consider the election of a representative for Ross. 'Mr. Clerk suggested that the committee be appointed by ballot; this being adopted, a Sballot 'was taken, wbon the following, entle men were elected on the committee :-Messrs. R. Green, Turner, Kane, Gellibrand, and Brownrigg. The Bishop proposed that a Chairman of Committees be appointed, as the dutiesa were too heavy for himself alone. The Rev. F. H. Cox then tabled a motion for the following day to that effect, the Bishop acting till his successor was appointed. (REPORTS OF FINANCE1 COMMITTERS. The Rev. A. Davenport moved that the Synod go into committee for the purpose of considering the reports of the Finance Com mnittees for the Northern and Southern Arch deaooirie. The motion was seconded hy,the Rev. H. P. Kano, and carried unanimously. The Synod then went into committee on the subject ' The Rev. A. Davenport moved that the following report of the Northern Finance Com mittee, for 1869, be adopted : Report:of the Northern Finance Committee for 1869. SThe Committee has to report to Synod, that the amount received by their Treasurer-short of about twenty. pouods--has been sufficieut to ,pay to the end of December, 1869, that portion of the stipends of the clergy voted by the Synod from the General Church Fend. Thb list of contributions from parishes deficient In payment of the Ministers' stipends is appended. A stipend'of 250ol per annum has been voted by the Committee for the core of Hagley. on the condition that 1251 be raiseed by the parish t of this sumns 1001 is to be paid by the trustees of the lato Sir Richard Dry. The Committee has had the satisfaction of seeing from the report of amooting' in Campholl 'Town, that the psrshibtonets have determined to raise the whole stipend of their minister. This will not necessi. tate a separation from the work or system of the Geineral Church Faud, and will be a sensible relief to its expenditure. S"In preparing the estimate of expenditure for the year commencing July let, 1870, otipends of Insum naste are calculated at the same rate as hitherto in this Archdeaconry-rvi., 3001 per annum, including allowance for rent where there is no parsonage. In the estimate of receipts, the Committee has en. deavoured to take into consideration the 'capability of each parish : but as a rule, a contribution of one-half the minister's stipend is required. S' The Committee has received intimation from Rosr, that. no farther sums on account of the Incumbent's stipend.may be expected. .The Committee will con. tinue 2to pay the moletf of stipend voted by Synod to the end of the financial year, but will thenrequire direction from Synod as to the course to be pursued. • The Committee has given careful consideration to the proposal of the Finance Committee for the Arch. deaconry of Hobart Town, to set aside a portion of .tho Income arising from the Government endowment; to aid parishes hI) accumulating endowment for them. selves. The de ands' upon the income of the GOeneral hurchr' Fad'h this Archdeaconry forbid Sth? Coi'mittee to entertain a scheme, whichli, it is : 'felt would result'la the failure of means to pay the stipends of the clergy. The Committee is unanimous in opinion that the income arising from the Govera meat endowment should be..expended annoadly in payment of the clergy. . The devotion of the annuol subscriptions of parishes for endowment purposes would, it is believed, seriously interfere with the int come of .the General Church Fund, and the Com "mIttee, earnestly deprecates any action which would bb'likely to do this. 'The Committee requests from Synod the con. tinuance of the discretionary power to entertain any additionalclaims which may be presented. Jan. 17th, 1870. TheRev." F. H. Cox asked the meaning intended to be conveyed by the words "from Rose" in thoe paragraph setting forth that " the committee has received intimation from Ross ,that no' further sunms on ' account of the In eumbetit's stipend may be expected." The Rev. H.' P. Kane, Assistant Synod Soretary, replied: that. he had received a letter from Mr. Charles Clarke, of Ross, on the subject, which he read. The letter asked 'by' what' authority thias. sentence .had: been' : ,pblished in the.Ohurch _Neowe, and intimating that no such resolution had been arrived at. Mr. 'Kane said he had answered the 'letter. T,'hereason the sentence appeared was that a Jetier was received by the treasurer, from the person from whom the Ross contributions were usunallyobtained to the effect that no further- contributions need 'be expected from Ross. As no contributions were received from Ross from October, 1869, till January, 1870, the letter was looked upon as r;'gtnuine. Mr. Kane then moved. that the paragraph referred to be expunged, which was agreed to. The report of the' Northern Archdeaconry, as tmernded, was then' adopted. i he Synod, in ,committee, then took into . onsideration the followingestimate of ex peniditure'for the Northern Arabdeneonry for the year commencing let July, '1870 : Estimate of erpenditure (Northern Archdeaconry) for the year eommencing tsl Jtlly, 1870.' _ Pris. Parson -tnd . a Food. mea. Ooroes. TOTAL. £L d. LsdAa. d. £ . d. . d ed. ! Delooahoe ..................... 105 0 0 15 000+ 0 0 ?- 00 0 0 °M 6L.P.ad''.and alm ........ I, 00010 0- - ,5 'o 000 0035 0 0 o 000 Evendale .................. I.. , 0 0 145 0 0 0 0 0 Cmre ysly dLke River.......... 150 0 0 IsO 00 0- 0 00 CuUen.wo od.a oThl.......... 1000 00 00 1 0 0 0 45 0 00 00? - Carrekandadspen ..... ..... 100 00 2210 00 0 0 00 45 0 0 0 0000 : Campbe~lTown ......0...... .. 50 0 150 0 "0 000 0 0 Roa.. .... .... 1500 0150 00 - - - 300 000 t.Joh , Laueston ......... 64 0 0 64 00 17 0 000 0 0 lloy ... ... 00500 5006000 100 0 0 00 b a q....................... 50 0o ,0 15 00 - o o o 0?5 ua.ya& Tabr oCape o..... 0 1 4 6-6' 0 880 0 0500 - 00 0 Towarysp eymotoofPasoeaed. 55 0 0 . £Oi~onsooo a50078000, 50 ioopo bo oron'ndIlmoo......... 5000 0 oo o3 0 I0 o8 Ig . M -ltto ForthOardLe0;.. 0 6 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Sa ta :.. ".......... 6 O 0 TrosOlloeg pe o es,',Arcdleaco o 100 0 0 _ tgetmpsO, statioery 0 0 0 " - ---- 0-1 0J+.?_ I-" 88 - ? 4 !00 .26: 1 3- 4 9 6= - .. " -i 0 In consideringg this estimate, the Synod discussotd the proposals seriatim, and adopted the items with the exception of the allovancee for Campbell Town, Bishopaboorno and Illa warra, Forth and Loven, and travollidg ex penses for the Archdeneon. Tho consideration of the allowinco of.£300 for Campbell Town was allowed to stand over till .the representatives of that place' were present. The name ol the core of Bishops. bourno and Illawarra was changed to ' Illi warra and other districts;'," and the amount nllerrd from £180 to £210 ; the sum for the Forth and Loven was changed from £150 to £175. The name of the allowance tmothe Archdeacon .was changed from "travelling expenses" to " forago allowance." While considering the estimates for the North, the time for adjournment--six o'clock -arrived, onsequoently the adjoturnment took place, the, Synod, as a committee, resoming the consideration of the subject shortly; after seven o'clock, t In the course ot the discussion on the allowance for the Forth and Leven, the Rev. F. Hales remarked that there was a great want of clergymen felt in the Piper'se Riveo and Waterhouse districts, while in the direction of the Forth and Leven there were four clergy men stationed within very short distances of one another. The Estimates for the Northern Arch deaconry being disposed of, the Synod con sidered the following rcpoit for the Eotithern Archdeaconry: Report of the .Southern Finance Committee. The Southern Finance teommittee presents to the Synod the following report of its proceedings during the year 1869. The statement of receipts and expenditure sub. mitted herewith embraces the half-year ending 30th Jane. During that period the stipends of Clergymen were paid in accordance with the estimates passed by the Synod, and the several parishes sent their required contributions. The expenditute for the year beginnlng let July tins been regulated on a new scale, requiring larger contributions from the parishes assisted by the General Church Fund. Tile Committee, Ihowever, has been able to give effect to the approved estimates and has every reason to believe that it will be able tosatisfy all claims until the end of the financial year.it s also hrped that a sauicient amount will be contributed from chuorch collections and other sources to enable the Committee to pay a portion of the debts which had accumnlated prior to the year 1862. During the past half-year the churchwardens of lMaquarte Plains and O'Brien's Bridge have stated their inability to raise ithe sums named in the estim. ates as parochial contributions towards allowances for house and forage, and the Committee has deemed the circumstances in each ease to be such as to jastify the payment ofithe remaining portions of those al lowances. Paroehial Associations are in operation at New Notfolk,Sorll,O'lBiteu's Bridge, and D'Entrecastcaux Channel. The Committee has carried out the lustractionse given concerningthe Porsonage Reserved Fund An accountof that fund until the period of its cessation is appended. The Committee has not yet been able to obtain the requited information concerning the land at West bury, forming the endowment of the Archdeaconry of Hobart Town. and is of opltion that the proposal made by the Archdeacon to the Synod should be carried out, and that the Solieitors. of the Synod should be instructed to that effect. The Committee considered, the question of the Endowment of Cures referred to It last session, and communicated the recommendations agreed upon to the Ncrthern Finance Committee, witlh a view to a joint report on the subject. That Committee declared itself to be opposed to the principle of the measures proposed, namely, the reservation of a portion 'of tile interest on the Debentures received under'the Com mutation Act for tihets purpose of promoting parochial endowments Under these circumstancea[the Com mittee recommends tihe followiag rsolutlooes 1\. It shall be lawful for the Finance Committee of either Archdeaconry, ift ft see fit so to do,rto reserve every year from its portion ot the interest on debentures a sum of i100 for the porpose of supplementing parochial eodov ments. 2\. Out of the said reserved sum aid shall be given to all such Endowment Funds at the rate of 20 per cent. upon the annual amount actually collected by the Parish. Provided that the assistance so given to any one Parish shall not exceed the sum of £20 in one year, and shall not in the whole amount to more than £100. 3., In the Parochial Contribution land shall be reckoned at its certified value. 4\. The joint sums contributed by the Parish and the Synod shall he paid to the Secretary of Synod, who shall lodge the same in the Savings Bank to the credit of the Parish until a suffi cient amount shall have accrued for the pur hoase of a Debenture; and such Debenture shall be drawn in the name of the Trustees of the property of the Church of England, who shall hold the 'amo and the interest arising therefrom for the sole use and benefit of the particular Parish. 5,. These resolutions shall take effect from the Ist July, 1870, and continue in force for five years from that date. 6\. No claim shall be recognised in respect of any sums collected prior to the tat of Jly, 1870. The Committee has enquired into the circumstances connected whit the Sorell Gleibe, and has requested the Synod Trustees to apply ior a grant under the Real Property Act. It is hoped that this courso will ascertain and secure the right of the present and future incumbents to occupy the land in question. The recommendations in the report were adopted, with one exception, that being the 6th clause of the resolutions with reference to the question of the Endowment of Cures, the words "or lands given or.purclhased" being inserted after the word "collected," in, the clause referred to. Tile following Estimates of tho. Southern Archdenconry for the ensuing year were thoen taken into consideration: ESTIMATED ExrsNDITUnR FoRt THE SOUTHERN ARcUneAcoNay son Tvas YEA? COsMMEInCINGO 1T JULT, 1870. Pro ' From Synod Paroef? TOTAL,. Punda. Jends. IIolaaT Towvt:- r. d. £ s. d. £ E. d. St. David's lself.suppertinr r st.Joln's....... ... a r ........ 7 1u 0o: o 'm Atoalntst' ................ 7 0 e .17a 0 0 00 O 0 S. John's,?'ew Town....... 75,0 0o in a o0 e o 0 0 Otl andsand eiehro, atipen, -o o a ls on I o 0 0 Ditto, ForaeAiAowanrce.... 0 o 0 0 0 40 0 0 owell. Stipensd ...... 7 0 rs 0 0 O Dtttle.ForosAltowaneer.... OO 0e to a or 40o 0 ren tond,. opend ........ 1o0n0 co o i n s as Ditto, Fumest au tale Altoanh e .............. 0 n 40 lt s 80 fO Sarunartc Plstnsttlpnnd.... 1530 001 0 I oot?oo a o 2t0to, Forego ant teoti Alltowe - r 4 .............. 4 h O Ie tno O 0 O'nriens nrlds-............t 100 0 O 100 e am O e Ditto, Forgee an4 loosr Allowance o....... ...... 40 o en 0 u c e o Chann ol tl attlon needn . nome ltre sdeetan aTrlooe SEaslleS)..s....u - n... o ti0. us on st 1o 0 tin a olIlS0T eonuo e 0 suecretry. .. ...a......... se o n .. ou a a rpensesmsla nentl 0 .... an o 0e .,. ,9 o e CisurcA Nee,. pristine ans eattdlitrribmtnn .....I;. 1 eo o i .. t1o n o In patment osdebt on Both. * wPrsontosegs. I! 11.1 .. 5 0 r 0 avetlltntt e tesses or Ihs . Arrhdeseon or obhrt Town ......a..... ner 100 0 .. 1t0 0 a tsso an-n-- a tuls- e While considering the estimates for Huon, Mr. Jones made a remark to the effect that there wan not a quonum of laymen present, hoot as the matter was not brought formally under the notice of the IBiuhop, business was proceeded with. The ullowance for Hoon was altered from £250 to B£?0, and the Channel Mission from £210 to £225; With reference to the allowance of £.50 for Secretary, the Rev. F: H. Cox said that some timo ago he had in formed the Secretary of his intention t movo fdr the discontiaiiance of thsiaeipenditure, as he considered the work might be done by the Secretary for the Synod. The rev. gentle man had recently received a nmemorandum from the Secretary asking that the mnatter might not be considered till Thursday, and Mr. Cox expressed a desire that the ?ubject would not be dealt with'till that time. This was agreed to. The following paragraph, which was op pended to the estimated expenditure of the Southern Archdeaconry, then came under consideration :-" hlie Bishop has recom mended to the consideration of the comnmittee another itemhl:of expenditure, in aiddition to those which are included in this estimate, viz., a sum not exceeding £100, to be applied towards the maintenance of a super numerary clergyman or layman, who shall perform duties within the arehdeaconry under the Bishop's sanction in any vacant cure, or in places beyond the reach of the ministration of incumbents! The Committee submits this recommendation to the attention, of the Synod." It was evidently the opinion of the mem bers that the services of such a person were required, but the consideration of the subject was dropped, it being decided on-the motion of the Revy: "'. H. Cox that the Bishop report progress, and the Committee sit again on Thursday morning at ten o'clock. It was also agreed thalmun Thursday aniadjournment should take place at one p.m., business to be resumed at half-past two. The Synod adjourned at 0.45 p.m. till tlhe following day at 2.30 p.m. The Bishop pro nounced the benediction, and the memberý dispersed. 