THE WAR. I THE SIEGE OF PARIS. The special correspondent of The Times, in a letter published on the 4th October, says The distance of the forts outside the city of Paris proper is generally a guarantee against mischief being done by the fire of hostile batteries, the sites of which must be determined by the nature of the ground and the success of the besiegers in evading the fire of the place while they are mounting the guns of attack. There are districts of Paris proper, however, which must suffer from shell flying over the forts. Now the question which will interest the world in general which has seen Paris as it was-which will touch the heart of every human being who considers that there are 2,000,000 of men, women. and children within the walls, of whom the vast majority know nothing of the Emperor's policy," and who never sought after war at all is, what will be done by the besiegers should they succeed, as most probably they will, in reducing the fire of some part of the outer line of defence, and effecting a lodgment in it from which to work fresh batteries 1 There is still the inner line of defence and its railway debenture, and there are also those barricades of which M. Rochefort is the chief. If the Parisians still resist, and the Prussian batteries open fire on the works of the inner defence, there is a horror yet in store for the world to sicken at which will reduce the sack of Magdeburg to the dimensions of an " accident on the river." Paris is full of combustibles. It is true the new houses are not easily burnt, but there are stores of oils, petroleum, naphtha, was, candles, cotton, powder, turpentine, and the like, all over the city, and the water service is much diminished in efficiency. Bazeilles was a thing to dwell in the memory for ever, but Paris under full bombardment would be 600 Bazeilles in one. The imagination cannot picture the like of it, and any effort of the most lively fancy, aided by the largest experience of past hideousness of war, must fall short immeasurably of depicting or conceiving the unutterable agony of the help- less multitude subjected to the ordeal of fire and the stupendous terrors of Paris glowing with heat and hissing with human blood, and falling in ruin amid the incessant shock of exploding fortresses under a rain of shells. But the besieged may " snuff out " the besiegers' fire just as they did at Sebastopol on the 17th of October, 1854, when the French batteries were shut up effectually. On that point I can offer no opinion. But I am quite sure that for some reason or other the French refrain from using large guns and powerful projectiles-if they have them-from Vanvres and Montrouge. The Prussians speak very highly of their siege guns, which are well known to our artillerymen, but as yet I am not able to say anything as to their performance, except that if they are as good as their field artillery is in proportion they ought to reduce even Fort Valerian and the Double Couronne on the north side after a week's fire at the very outside from properly constructed batteries. It is a most painful prospect, at all events, but it is hoping against hope that Prussia or Paris will stay the work to come. The Germans will attack and the French will resist, for now the army is bent on going in. There was a parade yesterday in the courtyard of the Palace, at the close of which the men raised a cry of " Nach Paris !" To the rightful results of a bombardment, however, might be added the spectacle of a storm, and, if the barricades resist, of a sack ! Too much to my mind for any one man to assist at see, or try to describe too much for him to charge on his memory for a peaceful old age. Can nothing be done 1 Will nothing be done 1 THE CAPITULATION OF SEDAN. The capitulation of Sedan is paralleled only by the capitulation of Ulm in 1865, when 30,000 Austrian troops under General Mack surrendered to Napoleon, who had surrounded him on all sides, and made the Austrian retreat impossible. The surrender at Ulm was a severe blow to the Austrians, but it was small indeed to the disaster which the capitulation of Sedan has proved to the French. The troops who capitulated before Sedan numbered not fewer than 80,000 men, or more than double the number who laid down their arms at him. The blow at Sedan fell with more rapidity than at Ulm. Much was in Ulm, actually in possession of the town on the 8th of October ; the town was invested by the 13th, and it fell on the 19th. This course of events was by no means dilatory, but it was scarcely so rapid as the ruin which fell on MacMahon. That General only got into Sedan on the last day of August, while he was compelled to fight a severe battle on the following day, the first September, against an overwhelmingly superior force. In that battle he was wounded and next day, his whole army, with the Emperor, were prisoners of war. Up to Friday last, no correspondence had been received in this country from the French army. The following, which is from the pen of a distinguished French general officer, who was on the spot, and saw both camps, and was in communication both with the Emperor and the King, is at once interesting, authentic, and brief. In fact, it is the only connected narrative of the important events previous to, and during the capitulation, which has been given in an authoritative shape. It was first published in The Times of Friday last : "It is difficult to comprehend an o vent so extraordinary as that which has just occurred under the walls of Sedan where an army, supported by a fortress, has been compelled to surrender, without knowing the different circumstances that have led to it. These circumstances I will endeavour to relate. After the battle of Mars la Tour, Marshal Bazaine, although remaining master of the field, was obliged to draw back towards Metz for supplies of food and ammunition. But the Prussian army, largely reinforced, again felluponhim, and after several fights, glorious for the French army, threatened to cut off its retreat. Marshal MacMahon, whose army was in course of formation at the camp of Chalons, resolved to advance to the assistance of Marshal Bazaine, and though he was fully conscious of the bold character of such an attempt in the presence of the great force which under the Crown Prince was march- ing towards Paris, and which could turn upon his flank while those before Metz might attack him in front, yet he determined to proceed to the assistance of the army in Metz. He directed his march from Rheims to Rather, and thence to Stenay. Upon arriving at Chene le Populeux, he learnt that the vanguard of the Crown Prince had been perceived, and that already the heads of the columns were engaging the corps of Generals Douay and do Fairly. He at once ordered a movement in retreat towards Moziisrcs, for, had he been cut off from that town, he would have no means of feeding his army. The movement had already commenced, when a despatch arrived during the night from Paris, which compelled him to persevere in a march which ultimately became fatal to him. " The French army continued to advance, and a portion had already crossed the Mouse to Monza, when the corps of Generals de Fairly and Douay, which remained on the left bank, were furiously attacked, and retired in dis- order, after a fight of some duration. General MacMahon then recognised for the second time the extreme difficulty of his task in seeking to reach Metz, and perceived the necessity of abandoning the project. He gave an order to fall back towards Sedan, and, although worn out with fatigue, the troops marched during a portion of the night of the 30 31st of August, and, upon arriving near Sedan, the 12th corps had to sustain an engagement, the entire advantages of which remained with it. But during that time the Prussian army effected the passage across the Meuse above and below Sedan, and began to crown the heights which overlook that town. " It may not be uninteresting to note here that Sedan, though a fortified place, is commanded by hills, and incapable of resisting modern artillery. The approaches are un- defended by works or advanced forts, as at Metz and at many other places. Then, again, the armament of the place was very incomplete, and the supply of provisions and ammunition very deficient. " On the next day, Septembcr 1st, at 5 o'clock in the morning, the French army was attacked upon its right and left simultaneously. The right of the position was held by the Corps Ducret and Lebrun ; the left by the Corps Wimpffen and Douay. Marshal MacMahon immediately mounted his horse and rode to the most advanced points of attack in order to re- connoitre the positions. The Emperor, to whom he had sent an intimation of what was going on, also mounted and left the town, when he met the Marshal, who was being led away in an ambulance waggon, wounded in the left thigh by the bursting of a shell. The command had been taken by General Wimpffen, as the senior. The fight was energetically sustained for several hours, but towards 2 p.m. the troops were repulsed and drew back into the town, the streets of which soon became encumbered with chariots, artillery waggons, and infantry and cavalry soldiers, all in the greatest confusion, "The Emperor, on repairing to the battle-field, went at first towards General Lebrun's corps at Ballan, where the engagement was very warm, and thence towards the centre, encouraging the troops by his presence, and displaying the greatest coolness amid the projectiles which fell around him. After remaining four hours on the field, and after traversing the points where the danger was greatest he returned into the town and repaired to Marshal MacMahon. Wishing afterward to go out again, he could not get through the streets, as they were so blocked up, and was obliged to remain at a spot where the sheila wore hailing on the town, kindling several fires, strik- ing wounded men in the houses, scattering death in the streets, and falling on dense masses of men, heaped one upon the other General Guyot de Lespars was called at that moment in one of the streets. " obliged to remain in the town, the Emperor installed himself at the Sub- Prefecture, situated in the centre of the front of the Place. Several shells came bursting on the roof and in the court of this residence, where the com- mandants of the different corps soon arrived, announcing that resistance was becoming impossible. Their soldiers, after having bravely fought almost the whole day, attacked on all sides, were returning towards the town, and were crowded against each other in the streets and the fortresses. Confusion soon prevailed, and all movement became impossible. The Prussian shells were falling in this human flood, carrying death at every stroke, and the walls of the ram- parts, far from sheltering the army, had become the cause of its loss. " Perceiving, then, the impossibility of effectual resistance, a parley had to be demanded, and a white flag was hoisted on the top of the fortress towards 5 p.m. At that moment the Prussian army, more than 250,000 strong, had narrowed its circle ; a formidable artillery occupied all the heights commanding the town, and its infantry had been able to advance as far as the glacis of the Place, " The King of Prussia thereupon sent an aide de-camp to the Emperor to demand the surrender of the place and the capitulation of the army. The Emperor did not wish to answer for the army, and left that duty to General Wimpffen, who had the chief command of it, but he gave the King to understand that he surrendered his person to him. The King requested that plenipotentiaries should be named to settle the proposals relative to the army. General Wimpffen repaired to a conference with Count de Moltke, and returned to submit to a Council of War, composed of all the generals of the army, the conditions made to him. " At this meeting, where it was unanimously admitted that the army, without provisions, without ammunition, crowded into the streets of the town, already in disorder, could not possibly make any movement, and could only hope to out for itself a passage by force through the enemy's ranks it became useless, therefore, to prolong resistance, the sole result of which would be to massacre our soldiers, and everybody was con- strained to accept the capitulation. "General Wimpffen came to inform the Emperor of the result of this deliberation, and to tell him that he alone could obtain better conditions for the army. The King, in fact, had offered the Emperor an interview, which was held about 7 o'clock, in a chateau near Sedan, Although it was said that if the conditions were not accepted at 9 o'clock, hostilities would re- commence, the interview was delayed until the conditions of the capitulation had been accepted by General Wimpffen. l " Snob, is the exact narrative of this catastrophe, ? which has filled every soldier's heart with grief." THE EVACUATION OF SEDAN BY THE FRENCH. At an early hour, on Saturday the 3rd, the march out of the French troops began. It continued till dusk, when the first Prussian guard marched in and took possession of the market- place. There was at first some slight attempt to march out the army by regiments, and this partially succeeded, but to a great extent the soldiers poured out indiscriminately. For two hours (says an English Member of Parliament who was present I stood at one gate and watched the Chasseurs d'Afrique file out, then a confused mass of infantry of various regiments, their artillery, then more cavalry, and so on, in a literally ceaseless stream, the whole day. The majority left their arms in the town, many breaking them up, or throwing them into the most to prevent their falling into the hands of the Prussians. As they went out, horses, cannon, and arms were given up, and the men were marched off into five or six large camps, which they occupied for the night, on the meadows round the town. Here they were guarded by masses of Bavarian infantry and cavalry, and a few batteries of artillery. It certainly was a melancholy sight enough to see 00,000 of the finest troops in the world quietly filing out and laying down their arms thus helplessly. How bitterly they felt it I need not say. Private soldiers-old soldiers told me again and again they would rather die, and I myself saw old grey-headed officers-one a general officer crying like a child. I was impressed with the crowded state of the town on entering it, but it appalled me to find at one o'clock in the afternoon, when the troops had been pouring out without intermission for seven hours, and none had come in, that the streets and squares seemed quite as crowded as before. It seemed almost as though they must be coming in at one gate as they went out at another and the continuous passage before my eyes of the same uniform, with only differences I could not tell, the same eternal round cavalry, artillery, and infantry, cavalry, artillery, infantry, hour after hour, left the impression of the child's toy where the same figures go round and round, doing duty for a countless host. It was not until three o'clock that I noticed any diminution of the numbers that thronged the streets. About that time I found my way into the largest hotel, and managed to get some food. Some 20 French officers, mostly of the higher ranks, were sitting in the room eating their last meal before leaving the town. They were waiting to see the troops out. They talked warmly of the folly of MacMahon and his plans, and were already sufficiently excited when there on entered two Bavarian officers, the first I believe, who entered the town. They were followed by a crowd of French soldiers, one of whom threw a bottle at one of the two Bava- rians. Immediately all the French officers sprang to their feet, and all together began re- proaching their men, and crowding round the Bavarians with apologies and much hand- shaking. Messieurs,' said one who had been most indignant with MacMahon, and with the bottle throwing soldiers, 'Messieurs,' said he, beating his breast and addressing the Bavarians, ' Nous schemes madhouses, mais nous sommes soldiers 1' ' Messieurs,' answered the senior Bavarian, beating his breast in turn, 'Je com- prehends parfaitement-parfaitement-parfaite- ment ves sentiments.' Then there was more hand- shaking, then kissing yes, I saw it, then drink- ing together a Varmee Francaise, and then yes, I saw two or three of the Present offers turn their faces to the wall and cry like children. Finally, the junior Bavarian officer, who was just leaving for Brussels with dispatches, offered to take letters for any French officer in the room an offer, I need not say, of which all or nearly all gladly availed themselves. The overwhelm- ing majority of the officers of the French army refused the offer to return home on signing an undertaking not to serve during the war. They prof or sharing the fate of their troops. A few accepted perhaps 150 in all-and crossed the frontier into Belgium with the necessary passes to join their comrades there who escaped over the frontier from the battle, and make their way home that way. Whether more will accept the terms hereafter if they remain open I cannot say. About 5 the streets were rapidly thinning, and about 7 my friends with the helmets and spikes marched in and helped their officers to hurry the stragglers out and clear the waggons and lumber from the streets. Only sufficient troops for this purpose, however, entered the town and mounted guard at the gates. The moan of the Crown Prince's army was already on the march for Paris, SUDAN AFTER THE SURRENDER. The Daily News correspondent, writing on the 5th from Sedan, says-The houses at the entrance of Sedan are cracked and shaken by shells, their floors are in a hideous state of blood and dirt from the trampling of many feet and the sheltering for awhile of wounded men, and their windows are broken. At the gateway there is a Bavarian guard to question all comers as to their business ; the fortifications are strong, and are mounted with heavy guns. But the whole place is small and cramped for the immense number of defenders forced to retreat upon it. One glance at the interior of Sedan knows that surrender was inevitable ; but what a surrender ! What a wreck and ruin of a fine army ! Weapons of all sorts are piled in heaps under the rampart. Saddles and buckles, straps and accoutrements, are trampled in the mud. Round the statue of the Great Turenne, in the public place, are scores of Government waggons, and hundreds of honest m4 routes that Lord changed masters in the last few days. Turenne, the lord of Sedan, who ravaged the Palatinate, stands in effigy among the ruin of the French army. Wounded men are gathered round him in every house where lodging can be found for them- men enough to make by themselves a fine force if they were all on their feet again. See that sapper with the bushy beard, who lies at the window watching the crowd in the street. He calls to a friend below, ' What ! thou art there, then, Pierre. I thought thou wast killed. This amuses Pierre, who laughs hoarsely to himself, and hobbles up a little nearer to continue the conversation. Killed, my faith, no such luck ; I am only lame for life' ' Then thou wilt keep a debit de tabac,' cries the papers, and make thy fortune.' They both laugh at this sally and even the grim features of the Taree, who stands by with his arm in a sling, slightly relax. He has nothing to do with the joke, but he is glad of anything to smile at. Sedan, with its fifteen thousand inhabitants, its shops, and its hotels, seems quite a capital city after the villages among which we have been living. But the shops are only half-opened, the hotels have most unfashionable guests, business may be described as at a stand-still. Here, in the Rue Napoleon, is a waggon full of wounded soldiers being drawn almost on to the pavement that a dead horse, frightfully mangled by a shell, may be dragged past to be buried. All the dead man who lay in the streets have been removed ; but the dead horses are not quite disposed of, and as to the hills behind the wall, there are un buried men and horses upon them by the hundred. It is well that the weather is cool, or there would be danger of-pestilence." INCIDENTS on the field. An English Member of Parliament eather Sir C. Dilke or Mr. Auberon Herbert who was on the field of battle of the 1st, serving in the ambulance corps, says : " About 3 o'clock in the afternoon there was a pause, which lasted about half an hour. I took advantage of it to go forward over the open ground in front towards the woods, which I thought the French had left. In a little hollow over which my Bavarians had twice passed, by a willow tree (the only sign of vegetation around I found some eight or ten wounded men, five French, the rest Germans. With my little stock of bandages and my flask I did what I could for the poor fellows, but before I could return the firing commenced. The bullets and balls whistled and hummed over me and around me, and patted or thudded the ground close to my feet. I creeped under the Blender shelter of my willow stump, and sat down among my wounded friends. The wounded Frenchmen groaned dreadfully. ThoGermans^qually badly wounded, were more quiet and loss complaining. This I found, too, in the hospitals. I think the French are more tenderly made. It was miserable to see so much misery I could do so little to relieve. I laid this one on his back, with his knapsack for a pillow, turned this one on his side, covered another's head with a cloth to shelter it from the burning sun, put a bit of shirt on this man's wound, unbuttoned the throttling coat of another, took off the boat from the wounded foot of another, gave all a little cognac, then sat myself down among my friends and talked with them. How grateful they were ! j How polite in the midst of his sufferings, one poor French soldier ! And, most touching of all, how kindly helpful the poor fellows were to one another, French and German alike " But, Monsieur," asked one poor Frenchman, " are the Prussians Christians ?" " Certainly, " said I I knew he was thinking of those heathen Turcos of his. " Then," said my poor friend, breathing heavily (he was badly wounded in the chest), " why do we killeaohother 1" "Oh," I replied, " for the sake of Emperors and Kings. Don't you know the rest of us were made for them ? But he didn't seem to accept this. I interpreted him to his German neighbours, and the fire having slackened I left them to seek the bearers to carry them off. The one question each asked was, "Tell me, tell me, shall I do?" I am not a doctor, so I took refuge in a hope for each ; but how some lived a minute I cannot tell. One poor follow a Bavarian, had been struck down by a bullet just between the eyes leaving a clean hole as large as a fourpenny piece. He was lying on his back, yet I saw him raise himself on his elbow, and heard him distinctly ask mc for water. I gave it him. He drank it, said "Thank you, thank you," and lay down again. In the evening, when the firing again grow slack, I brought back bearers and stretchers, and carried off all my poor friends to the Hold hospital.' THE BURNT TOWN OF BAZEILLES. It seems that the village of Bazeilles, which was part of the battle-ground of the 1st September, before Sedan, was set fire to by the Prussians during the battle, on the allegation that the inhabitants had fired from their houses on the wounded. A correspondent, who visited the place on the fourth day after the battle, thus writes : "The fight began outside the town was, no doubt, desperately contested by the French, who must have retired through the belt of wood till they were forced back into the village streets. And it must have been at this crisis that there occurred one of the most deplorable incidents of modern warfare. I understand that the French troops, consisting principally of Marines and Gardens Mobiles, in contesting the possession of the place got into the houses as they retired, and fired upon the enemy from the windows, and the contest became one of almost unparalleled fury, The French, who are said on this occasion to have surpassed their former deeds of valour, were evidently determined to do anything rather than surrender, and the German obstinacy and preseverance would appear to have been equally decided. When the contest was at its hottest, the town was suddenly and simultaneously fired in a hundred places. There can be no doubt that there will be bitter arguing and cross-swearing about this event for many a day to come. The German story is that the villagers fired upon the wounded and upon the surgeons who were tending them, and that the order to burn the place was given as a just and obvious reprisal. " The French people in the town appear to deny this with great indignation, and aver that neither by the troops nor by the villagers were the wounded or the surgeons fired upon. But I heard a German gentleman connected with one of the ambulances assert that he saw with his own eyes a wounded man and one of his bearers fired upon and killed by some of the villagers. " Of course, it was impossible to get a particular contradiction to such a statement, but there was an abundance of general and indignant denials, and so no doubt the matter will remain, each side and its partisans stoutly maintaining its own version. " The appearance of the town I have called it indifferently town and village, for though it had only a population of little over 3,000, the stamp and substantiality of many of the houses, as far as one could judge wore more that of a town than of a village ; the appearance of the place I cannot better describe than by saying it looked as if one great thunderbolt had fallen upon and in one moment destroyed it utterly. Th(e human bodies had by this time been removed from the street, but the charred remains of richness and shaken, and the stacks of rifles, with every here and there swords and bayonets, and every sort of weapon, showed that while the flames were raging all around them, and the helpless women and children were literally roasted alive in the houses and in the streets, the maddened combatants did not cease from the battle, but died no doubt in numbers, hemmed in by the flames while they were fighting. It is almost impossible to realise that such things can have occurred in this age of civilisation, and that humanity and civilisation and Christianity should be disgraced by horrors that seem the outcome of hell. It is like an evil dream ; but it is to be hoped those terrible events will leave the world wiser for the future. " The completeness and suddenness of the destruction were evidenced by numberless little circumstances such as the burnt remains of birds and animals and would have expected of all others to escape, dogs and pigeons, and even cats in large numbers. " Hundreds of the people took themselves to the cellars, it is said, and there perished of suffocation. Nowhere could there have appeared an asylum for the miserable people raging flames and suffocating smoke inside their houses, and outside falling walls and roofs, and more like fiends incarnate amid the flames and the blazing wreck, " I walked about through the dreary streets. Here and there wretched old men and women were hanging about the ruins of their homes in a sort of stupor apparently. Some of them were weeping and sobbing-' I have lived OG years in this town, one poor old fellow said to me, ' I was away from home when this occurred, and now I don't know whether any of my family are left to me or whether they are not all buried in there, pointing to the ruins of his house. Every now and then, almost as it appeared at regular intervals, there was the crash- ing sound of falling masonry, We kept as much as possible in the centre of the streets. For an hour or so we walked about the scenes were simply repeated in every house and in every street. The smell from the burning flesh of cattle, which we saw still on fire in the byres and stables, was offensive and overpowering, and we were not sorry to turn our backs on a scene of desolation and horror, which must be almost without a parallel in history." THE DEATH OF LIEUTENANT-COLONEL ' PEMBERTON. A correspondent writing to the Manchester Guardian from Floraville, gives some news about the death of Lieutenant-Colonel Pemberton, The Times' Correspondent, who fell in the battle of the 1st September. A few minutes before he was shot Colonel Pemberton was talk- ing to some of the Crown Prince of Saxony's Staff. He told them he thought he would go a little nearer to the enemy, and was advised to be careful. He had only ridden about a quarter of a mile towards the what he believed to be a deserted French position when he was suddenly fired upon, and the bullet passed through his head. The circumstance was reported very shortly afterwards to Captain Furley, of the Society for succouring the Wounded, who at once looked after the deceased's effects. He found that his money had already been stolen and his pockets plundered, and in the quarters which he had last occupied all that could be discovered were a few scraps of manuscripts and an overcoat. Suspicion rested on a person, who was taken before the Burgomaster, but nothing could be proved against him. The gallant colonel's remains were interred between two poplar trees on the Sudan road. LETTER FROM KING WILLIAM ON BATTLE OF SEDAN AND SURRENDER OF NAPOLEON. We gave in our last the telegrams from the Prussian King to his Queen, announcing the surrender of Napoleon. His majesty on the following day wrote a letter, describing the occurrence at great length. The following is the text of the letter, which possesses a historical significance and between it and the letter from the French general officer, the reader may be said to have from each side an official account of one of the most important incidents of our time : " Vendresso, South of Sedan, September 3rd. -You will have learnt through my three tolo- grams the whole extent of the great historical event which has just taken place. It is like a dream, even when one has seen it unroll itself hour by hour ; but, when I consider that after one great successful war I could not expect anything more glorious during my reign, and that I now see this act follow, destined to be famous in the history of the world, I bow before God, who alone has chosen my army and allies to carry it into execution, and has chosen us as the instru- ment of his will. It is only in this sense that I can conceive this work, and in all humility praise God's guidance and grace. I will now give you a picture of the battle and its results in a compressed form. " On the evening of the 31st and the morning of the 1st, the army had reached its appointed position round Sedan. The Bavarians held the left wing, near Bazeilles, on the Meuse ; next them the Saxons, towards Moncelle and Daigny ; the Guards still marching towards Givonno, the 5th and 11th corps towards St Menges and Fleigneux. As the Mouse here makes a sharp bend, no corps had been posted from St Menges to Doncliery ; but at the latter place there were Wurtemburgors, who covered the rear against sallies from Mezieres. Count Stolberg cavalry division was in the plain of Doncliery as right wing ; the rest of the Bavarians were in the front towards Sedan. Notwithstanding a thick fog, the battle began at gazelles early in the morning, and a sharp action developed itself by degrees, in which it was necessary to take house by house. It lasted nearly all day, and Scholars Erfurt division (reserve fourth corps was obliged to assist. " It was at 8 o'clock when I reached the front before Sedan, that the great battle commenced. A hot artillery action now began at all points. It lasted for hours, and during it we gradually gained ground. As the above-mentioned villages were taken very deep and wooded ravines made the advance of the infantry more difficult, and favoured the defence. The villages of Sol and Flora were taken, and the fiery circle drew gradually closer round Sedan. It was a grand sight from our position on a commanding height behind the above- mentioned battery, when we looked to the front beyond St Torcy. The violent resistance of the enemy began to slacken by degrees, which we could see by the broken battalions that were hurriedly retreating from the woods and villages. The cavalry endeavoured to attack several battalions of our fifth corps, and the latter behaved admirably. The cavalry galloped through the interval between the battalions, and then returned the same way. This was repeated three times so that the ground was covered with corpses and horses, all of which we could see very well from our position. I have not been able to learn the number of this brave regiment, as the retreat of the enemy was in many places a flight. "The infantry, cavalry, and artillery rushed in a crowd into the town and its immediate environs, but no sign was given that the enemy contemplated extricating himself from his desperate situation by capitulation. No other course was left than to bombard the town with the heavy battery. In twenty minutes the town was burn- ing in several places, which, with the numerous burning villages over the whole field, produced a terrible impression. " I accordingly ordered the firing to cease, and sent Lieut.-Colonel von Brotissart, of the General Staff, with a flag of truce, to demand the capitulation of the army and the fortress. He was met by a Bavarian officer, who reported to me that a French parlementaire had announced himself at the gate. General Von Broussart was admitted, and on his asking for the Commander- in-Chief, he was unexpectedly introduced into the presence of the Emperor, who wished to give him a letter for myself. When the Emperor asked what his message was, and received the answer to demand the surrender of the army and fortress,' he replied that on this subject he must apply to General de Wimpffen, who had undertaken the command in the place of the wounded General McMahon, and that he would now send his adjutant-general, Reillo, with the letter to myself. "It was seven o'clock when Reilley and Broussart came to me, the latter a little in advance and it was first through him that I learned with certainty the presence of the Emperor. You may imagine the impression which this made upon all of us, but particularly on myself. Reille sprang from his horse and gave me the letter of the Emperor, adding that he had no orders, Before I opened the letter I said to him But I demand, as the first oandUion, that the army lay down its arms." The letter begins thus:-" N'ayant pas pu mourir à la tete de mes troupes, je depose mon spee & voice Majesty," leaving all the rest to me. " My answer was that I deplored the manner of our meeting, and begged that a plenipotentiary might be sent with whom we might conclude the capitulation. After I had given the letter to General Really, I spoke a few words with him as an old acquaintance, and so this net ended. " I gave Moltke powers to negotiate, and directed Bismarck to remain behind in case political questions should arise. I then rode to my carriage and drove home, greeted every where along the road with loud hurrahs of the trains that were marching up and singing the National Hymn. It was deeply touching. Candles were lighted everywhere, so that we were driven through an improvised! illumination. I arrived here at eleven o'clock, and drank with those about me to the prosperity of an army which had accomplished such feats, " As an the morning of the 2nd, I had received no news from Moltke respecting negotiations for the capitulation which were to take place in Donohory, I drove to the battle-field, according to agreement, at eight o'clock, and met Moltke, who was coming to obtain my consent to the proposed capitulation. He told me at the same time that the Emperor had left Sedan at five o'clock in the morning, and had come to Donchory, as he wished to speak with me. "There was a chateau and park in the neighbourhood, and I chose that place for our meeting. At ten o'clock I reached the height before Sedan. Moltke and Bismarck appeared at twelve o'clock, with the capitulation duly signed. At one o'clock I started again with Fritz, the Crown Prince of Saxony, and, escorted by the cavalry and the staff", I alighted before the chateau, where the Emperor came to meet me, Thovisitlastodaquartorofanhour. We were both much moved at seeing oaohotheragainundcrauch circumstances, What my feelings wore had soon Napoleon only three years before at the summit of his powers more than I can describe. After this meeting, I rode from half-past two to half- past seven o'clock past the whole army before Sedan. 2 The reception given me by the troops, the meeting with the Guards, now decimated-all those are things which I cannot describe to-day. I was much touched by so many proofs of love and devotion. " Now, farewell. A heart deeply moved at the conclusion of such a letter. ? WilHELM." BISMARCK AND THE EMPEROR. ~ On the morning of the 2nd, while seeking the King of Prussia, the Emperor had asked for His mankind the meeting of the two men is thus described by Dr. Russell :-" As the Emperor alighted I hear Count Bismarck uncovered his head, and stood with his cap in his hand, and on a sign or request from the Emperor to put it on the Count replied, ' Sire, I receive your Majesty as I would my own Royal master.' There happened to be near the place where the interview occurred, a few hundred yards outside the squalid town of Douchory, the humble cottage of a hand-loom weaver, of whom there are numbers around Sedan. Count Bismarck led the way, and entered it. The room was not inviting. The great Count walked upstairs, and found that the apartment was filled by the handloom and appliances of the weaver, _ so he descended, and found the Emperor sitting on a stone outside. Two chairs were brought out of the cottage. The Emperor sat down in one outside the cottage. Count Bismarck took the other and placed it on his Majesty's left-hand side. The officers in attendance on their fallen master lay down some distance away upon a small plot of grass in front of the cottage. The conversation was a strange one, and as Count Bismarck has repeated it freely, or the principal points of it, no doubt it will soon be known and remain for ever as historic. The great point to be gained was peace, but, as far as his Imperial Majesty was concerned, no assurance of it could be obtained by Count Bismarck. The Emperor stated that he had no power. He could not negotiate a peace ; he could not give orders to the army, nor to Marshal Bazaine ; the Empress was Regent of France, and on her and her Ministers must devolve negotiations. So Count Bismarck there- upon remarked that it was of no avail to hold any further conversation on political matters with his Majesty, and that it would be of no use to see the King. The Emperor desired to see the King in person, but Count Bismarck declared that it was not possible to accede to his Majesty's wishes until the capitulation had been signed.' ' Then, as the conversation was becoming rather dangerous, and as the situation was becoming difficult on both sides, we ondit." The interview terminated. Count Bismarck went to the King. The Emperor withdrew to consult his officers." -- INCIDENTS OF THE WAR. A correspondent of The Times, writing from before Metz, August 27th, says I was, during one part of the action, standing near some Hussars who were in reserve. The sun was pour- ing its rays upon us, and around us on every side lay the wounded. One poor fellow cried to them for water-" Comrade, for God's sake, give me water ! one little drop. I am on fire, I am on fire ! for God's sake give me but one drop ; only wet my lips !" and another near him could only hold his hands up in prayer and point to his lips. A good-natured Hussar, touched by the appeal, got off his horse and ran to them with his water-bottle ; he was in the act of raising the man's head when a shell fell within a yard and, bursting, blew the whole three to atoms. Whatever that poor Hussar's faults in this world may have been, surely his last kind action must atone for them in some way 1 The regiment moved off and his horse followed in the ranks. Only those who have seen a battle-field can form a notion of the extraordinary way in which the horses, as long as they have a log to crawl on, will follow the regiment to which they belong. I saw what evidently had been sorgeants'horseskeep ing their position in rear of the squadron, wheel- ing with it, and halting exactly as if their riders were on their backs, and all the time streaming with blood. Poor creatures ! they are indeed to be pitied, for they have neither Vaterland, promotion, nor the coveted medal to think of, whatever may be the issue and few indeed are there which have been in action which have not some honourable scars to show. THE FRENCH WOUNDED IN BERLIN. It rendered the French extremely at their ease to be waited on by so many pretty and elegant girls, who all fluently spoke French. When the ladies came to a Turco, they saluted him partly with " Salem alyssum ;" and the astonishing reply, " Aleikum salem," was given with the hand on the heart. The German son diors who accompanied the prisoners were enthusiastic with regard to the bravery with which the French had fought after the Gaiaborg had been stormed. They pointed out 14 men belonging to the 74th Regiment of the line, who were the whole remainder of the regiment left standing on the battle- field, but who refused to surrender, and who, deprived of ammunition, kept on fighting at the point of the bayonet. As the Prussians did not like to kill them, they rushed at last in a body upon them, and threw them down wrestling. " Nous avons cherche la mort," said one of them to me, " Comme wore colonel, comme notre general, dont voile de cheval. " The train had brought the horse of General Douay. " Ask him," said in Prussian pri,-. vate, why he thinks they were over powered." That was a sagacious question, and, the reply of the intelligent and well-bred French- man told the tale of the whole war. It was " We were too weak in number. We had (on an advanced post) neither cavalry nor sufficient artillery with us, and, finally, we had no more ammunition." "That is the thing," said the Prussian ; ' ' ask him how many cartridges he had got." Eighty," was the Frenchman's reply. " Now tell him that I, who had only sixty, had forty- five left when I took him and tell him, that the strength of an army consists of men and of cartridges, and that firing away eighty escort. ridges is just the same as losing a man- They did very serious damage to us at the beginning our regiment lost 600 men : vault at the expense of such a number of shots that we knew that they were more weakened than we wore." When this was explained to the Frenchman, he said " I knew it too, but too late, We never before have fought against such troops as yours. Womuatnotnny longer skirmish, as we have been accustomed to." Times Correspondent, " GHOSTS FROM THE BATTLE FIELD The Paris correspondent of the Daily Tele- graph gives the following account of the return of a few troops from the war There were from 150 to 200 mounted troops, in every kind of cavalry uniform, riding in the loosest of open order, and mingled pell-mell without distinction of uniform or grade. There did not seem to be any officer in command of this strange squadron. Cuirassiers, Hussars, Lancers, chasseurs, light dragoons, horse artillery, were all there, higgledy piggledy, battered, ragged, dusty, dirty, jaded, but not crest- fallen. Some were so fatigued that they could scarcely keep up in their saddles, and nodded till the plumes of their helmets mingled with the manes of their horses, but they had still hold words to say, and foul scorn to hurl at the Prussians. These spectral horsemen, these phantom dragoons, were the remnants of the defeat at Weissonburg. This corporal of hussars was the sole representative of a whole troop, those five lancers the only survivors of an entire squadron. The rest had perished in the fight, or were lying badly wounded in hospital. There are no wounded among those men who had just trooped in from the Eastern Railway Station depot at Gronollo to be "re-formed." Indeed they seemed to need reforming altogether, for unhurt soldiers, in a more deplorable state, I never saw. They looked eminently wretched, and for long days past had evidently been wholly divorced from soap, water, towels and clothes brushes to say nothing of blacking, Football, polishing powder, pipeclay, and the other accessories of a smart cavalry soldier's toilet. Dintod back and breastplates, dinted casques, starched garments, tons plumes, spatter dishes incrusted with a fortnight's mud, and clover a clean shirt, I should say, among the lot. Thus they came back a ragged regiment. There was about those fragments, and shreds, and scattered leaves whirled from the tempest tossed battle-field, something of an essentially unsubstantial and ghostly character. They looked pale to iinoarthliuoss in the gaslight. Their stood had a shadowy presence and very soon, instead of resuming their march in a body, those waifs and strays of war scattered, and broke up in twos and threes, and as a body dissolved, I found myself one of a group gathered round a solitary cavalier, a slim lad with a pale face, who was mounted on a big white horse. He was the kind of statue to ask to supper without the risk of fire and brimstone as a nightcap. He was a trumpeter, and I fancy blow his own peculiar instrumontjoratoricallyspoaking, lustily. He told us that the Prussians were smashed, riddled, blown up, crushed, pounded into powder, and stamped out, His own regiment, he. said, had saved ' mountains of men.' So thickly was the ground cumbered with dead Prussians that the French artilleryman could scarcely wheel their guns along. They would have won the day had they not soon betrayed." 