THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. FtestDat. The .sixteenth annual Conference of the Aus tralasianWesleyan Methodist Church commenced its sittings in Pirie-street Chapel, Adelaide, :on Thursday morning, January 2(£ at 10 a.mY The , President (Rev. W. L. Binks) opened the Oori- i ference by announcing the hymn commencing \ ' And are we yet alive,' which having' been : sting, prayer -was offered by the Eev. Messrs. Watkin and RAbose. , . ... The roll was called, and ±he PBESIDEHT ;then rose and stated 'that by the vote of the l&Vt; Conference the Eev. George Hurst had been nnminA.4-.Ar1 9.s Pr«-flir1ant.*fnr 1ft7n 'FViai: riVhTniiVal ' tion had been confirmed by the British Con ference. He then read the minute iu which the appointment had been made, and the 'para- graph of the address of the British Conference referring to the appointment. Addressing the new President, he said — Mr. President Hurst, I now with pleasure lav down the office 'which 1 have held through the kind suffrages' of my brethren, and retire from the chair to make, room for you. I hand you the Conference seal with earnest prayer that the year of your presi dency may be one of peace and prosperity. The Pbesident (the Rev. G. Hurst), on taking the chair, thanked the ex-President, and said — ' My dear brethren— When, eleven years ago, I left the British Conference and united myself to the Australasian, I little thought that I should ever occupy the very honorable and important position in which I tins day have been placed by brethren in the rising Methodist Church' in these nourishing polonies, and by those of the noble church in our fatherland, from which we are proud to have sprung and to be still connected, not only by doctrinal sentiment, ecclesiastical usages, and warm Christian affection, but also by con stitutional law. Just as the people in these beautiful colonies glory in their British descent, are deeply interested iu Britain's honor and prosperity, and have no desire to sever their connection with the grand old country, with her noble institutions and glorious history ; so we, as a Church, rejoice m our descent from Eng lish Methodism, are deeply concerned in its purity and success, and, though in a distant sphere, desire to live and labor in intimate union with it. For the position in which my brethren have placed me I am conscious that I possess but few intellectual or even spiritual qualifications ; and in order that I may discharge = the duties of my office with any credit to myself and any profit to the Church, I am deeply con vinced that I shall need the assistance of God and your sympathy and help. But if .firm belief in Wesleyan doctrine, if cordial approval of Methodist ecclesiastical polity, if full' con- fidence in the admirable adaptation of the agencies of our Church to accomplish the pur poses for which the Church of God exists, and if fervent desire to see those agencies every where successful constitute any qualification for the distinguished position in {which you have placed me, -and, will be any help in the discharge of its important duties in these re spects, I 'amr air well 'qualified as most men. And it would be lio.cregKlSSft^ji:? my head or my heart were I not. I was bom in Methodism, and trained within its bosom. It was the Church of my ancestors, and my family have been connected, with.it from the time in was in troduced into my /native place to the present day. .Some of its members have occupied nonorable positions in it, and have materially assisted in its establishment and extension, and some, I. am Happy to say, now hold the highest offices which- Circuits can give; so for: me, I owe all liave and am to it. Its influence over me and all my interests have been beneficial in theliighest'dfegrte. In early life its ministry .deeply and .permanently impressed my mind with the' truth and supreme importance of spiritual and; eternal things, though for a time It 'did; not yield -up my heart to Him that made me, but -allowed it to wander in the pursuit of sinful pleasure. Thirty- six years since, however, when my late reverend and mostjbeloved -brother Benjamin, who with the lafe TBeverend Francis Tuckfield was the first Wesleyan Missionary appointed to Port Phillip, in Victoria, preached his farewell ser inon on leaving his home to enter the Wesleyaa Ministry in England, all my early impressions were revived and deepened, and soon after I jre- ceived by faith in Christ a clear sense of recon ciliation with God, and the regeneration of my nature by the power df the Holy Ghost. How much I now- owe and shall owe for ever to that farewell sermon of my sainted brother, whose influence led me to religion and God, only eternity will telL When I saw him leave his 'father's home for these shores, and when I fell upon ! bis neck and kissed him, little did I think that after the lapse of so 'many' years jl ?hould follow him; and even less did I think that, after he was removed to heaven from^the chair of .this Conference, I should have the honor and the inexpressible pleasure . of ex pressing my profound obligations to him. But myf attachment to Methodism is not purely hereditary, but also the result of intelligent conviction. I have brought its doctrines to the test of God's Word, examined its polity in the light of the general principles of Church govern ment taught in the Holy Scriptures, and com pared its -agencies and efforts with those of the Apostolic Church, and am satisfied that it holds ?'the faith which was once' delivered to the taints,' and that it follows the practice which commanded the approval of inspired men. And -to me it seems that my convictions are in ac cordance with another class of facts, which, I conceive, may be adduced in support of the substantial agreement of the principles and agencies of Methodism with the teaching of the New Testament, and the usages of the primitive Church. Shall I say-too much, employ the language of prejudice or of truth, when I affirm that it has commanded the approval and blessing of God everywhere? The youngest of the Pro testant Churches in the British Empire, or in English-speaking nations, it is the largest and the most successful. During the 130 years of its existence it has built more Churches, erected ..more Sunday-schools, converted, through the power of God, more souls, and raised more numerous Societies than of the older Churches. In England, in the United States, and in the Dominion of Canada, it has multiplied its adherents by many millions ; while its missions in Central America, the West Indies, the Continent of Europe, the East, Southern and Western Africa, India, China, and Polynesia, are among its highest glories, and the result of its most successful labors. A' these facts are evidences of true religious life, and of the existence of the presence and blessing of God in the Methodist Church. In this southern world God has been with us, and He has crowned our labors -with a gratifying measure of success. When I say that God has been with us and crowned our efforts with His blessing, I do not merely refer to the ministry, but to the whole Church, and to all its agencies. With you, I do not believe in any of the un scripturaLand preposterous claims in behalf of the priesthood which, [in various Churches, are upheld in the present day ; and I am persuaded that neither you nor 1 are in any danger of attempting to laud it over the Church of God. Even our ministry is shared by our laity in two important particulars ; and I rejoice that it so. Indeed, I regard this fact as one of the great glories of our Church; as one of the great elements of its strength ; and as one of - the great causes of its success. From the begin* Ding the Methodist Church, has been the great patron and employer of lay agency; and I am fully -satisfied it could not have been in any part of the world what it is this day, apart from the piety and labors of our leaders and local preachers. When other Churches are awakening to the importance of lay agency, it is not likely that we who have proved its ? value for merethan a century shall undervalue it, or employ it less than has been our wont. By the combination of ministerial and lay agency, in these colonies, not only have the i foundations of a prosperous Church been laid, i but the building is seen to be rising everywhere 'in somewhat massive and beautiful proportions. i But the success of the past- should stimulate us \ to renewed -and even more vigorous exertions. j While the ground already reclaimed would re ! quire much effort and care, there is a vast field before us all but untouched. The masses of ths people in all these colonies, axe far from God, regardless of spiritual religion, and un ; mindful of the beauties and advantages of 5 virtuous life, and we owe it to God, to them, and. -to ourselves to take our full share in their jevangelization. Our agencies are well adapted ito. reach -them, and they must be faithfully em ployed. Wealth, and talent, and time must be sacredly devoted to that great work which God haSjgivenus.todOjandintliefull measure of our duty. 'Both the talent and the time of the Church may be zealously employed, but if they be separated from its wealth, to a great extent ?their employment will fail; the -Jhurch will never rise to the measure of her duty, and there fore never to the full measure of her success, without ' a righteous consecration of the whole. tn these new countries all the material ap Dlitihces of the Church— chapels, parsonages, ind schools— have to be raised from the foun dation in the wilderness, generally where the ' people are few and feeble, and their spiritual ' needs' can never be met unless Christian people jive to God of their substance as He has pros* -ered them. Well would it be for these new jountries, in all their interests, were all the arealth in the Methodist Church, which ought » be devoted to the extension of religion, and idrtue, and happiness, sacredly consecrated to ;his object. But in the extension of our 3hurch it will be well if we always noperly distinguish between mere Church life uad true spiritual life ; and if we do not dili gently cultivate the latter, church life, a zeal 'or the honor and aggrandisement of our com nunity, might possibly enable us to fill these :olonies with, ecclesiastical buijdings, and yet ipiritual death reign in all our borders. Having phurch life we might be a corpse, beautifully lecorated with flowers it is true, but nothing but a corpse. In that case, so far as the salva ion of men is concerned — the one great purpose or which the Church of God exists — the Me ihodist Church might as well cease to be. TTith the extension of our forms of religion let it be our one great object to spread its inner life and soul- saving power. Let us ever remember the words of our founder, 'It is your business to save souls.' That is the one great work of the Church of God ip. this world, and if wo fail in that it will matter but little in what she may succeed. Let our ministry be directed to this one point, and let nothing for one moment divert our attention from it. Let Christ and Him crucified, and all the meritorious blessings resulting from TTi» sacrificial death, present and conscious pardon, regeneration by the Holy Spirit, adoption, the Spirit's direct witness to our spirits that we are the children of God, and entire sanctification be the great themes on which we principally dwell. These were .the great truths, applied by the Divine Spirit, which awoke from the dead the Church of God in the 18th century ; and these are the truths, thus applied, which will keep it awake. Ths preaching of any other doctrine will utterly destroy its life, and render it utterly powerless for spiritual purposes. Methodism, through the Divine blessing, has always been a converting power, and. I trust we eholl take care that it shall never lose that power. Let xa be more than ever true to our ancient par pose—* To spread Soriptural holiness through the land;1 holiness ^founded in-true religious experience, in the sanctification of iiumaiL nature by the Spirit of God. The Methodist ministry at all times and in all places should be experimental and practical, pronlotinx' in- ward religious life and all other external- godli ness. It should be these above all things, but not at the expense of all other things. These elements should be combined with every other qualification which can make a successful ministry. The Methodist ministry Hhouia be as learned «-s it is experimental and practical— learned in the general Acceptation of that term, but especially in every branch of divinity. I rejoice ytiy uiuchthat both ministers andpeople are fully alive 0 the importance of this,, and that in all these olonies they have taken, itiatory steps to give the candidates for, our ministry a suitable training for their important work. The existence of Newington, Wesley,. Prince Alfred, and Horton Colleges is a plea sing fact, clearly showing the desire of the: Methodist people in all .parts of this * southern world' to promote every branch Voth of secular and sacred learning. For ^while these Colleges1 give to the young gentlemen of Methodism * sound commercial 'and classical education, -they- also endeavor to give to the Ministry, for at least to a portion of it, a sound theological training. But in the latter respect they axe mot all we desire — they are not all that is urgently needed, and I even (hope they areaot '«ll it is possible to get. X am inclined to think that something more adequate to the needs «f the Ohorcn, and more in accordance with. its- num bers, wealth, and respectability can yet be done. At any rate something moieehouldbe attempted without any delay, I hope for rDuch-from the colleges as they now are, aid' bo I thinlr should the whole Church. We'tshail all'be ^tsap-: pointed if many of the youngmen who received^ a commercial and classical education in iihemdcT not ultimately enter the Ministry and. f&pw; in' it the advantages of their 'early training. Butit1 appears to me that the colleges already in ex-' istence, will never fully meet the real wants; of the Ministry, and that tie ' Church should always keep something more perfect; before it and endeavor to realise it. I should like to see— ^and so would you* all, i. be lieve, because we are satisfied that tney sire what we require— sufficient funds to give ' every: candidate for our ininistry a suitable ^training,' andaseparate college in every colony, in 'which lie shall receive it; the latter, perhaps, we cannot get at present, but I believe we can obtain the former. Hitherto we have only been, able to give a very limited number .of *andi-; dates any training at all in the college which exist, but we should without any farther delay attempt to raise sufficient funds to train ~thb whole. I hope that this Conference will direct: that for this purpose collections shall be. made in all our places of worship, and that fiubscrip tions shall besolicited from all our more wealthy people. If the Adelaide Conference shall do this, it will please the whole Church, and will; contribute in a vital point to its - prosperity. ? There is one other point on which X hope, the , Conference will bear with me while I say a few words on foreign missions. Any Church with out missions to the heathen would be far. below the tme standard of Christian duty; but for any Methodist Church to be without them would be a strange anomaly. I nave always thought that it was well that the Austra lasian Church tookthe missions which are under its care upon the terms stated, in the original agreement ; but it would be better if we entirely supported them without any assistance from England. I do not wish to affirm that I think we are able to do that at pre sent; but I do wish to say that I earnestly hope we shall sustain.- our missions' with all the zeal and liberality with which they ought to be supported, and that we : shall aim at relieving the English Missionary. Society ,of any pecuniary- obligation at the earliest possible period, that it may devote its attention and strength to other parts of the heathen world, wHere they are much needed. I should like to see our missions and men altogether and flourishing entirely under our ~ own care, and hope that the time is not ^'«fa»~rrfc when it will be so. Having them, itseems to me to be both the duty and interest of the whole Church to be faithful to them. Our Church has always been essentially missionary, and it will be no advantage to it in any way to permit any portion of ibis glory to depart. A revival of the missionary spirit, I am sure, would revive us in everything. I do not say that the missionary spirit has declined among iuj'but that it will be no disadvantage to us were we to receive an increase of this good thing, and that I devoutly pray that the whole Church may be thus enriched. I hope that this Conference will be distinguished by the presence and blessing of God, both in its deliberations and public ser vices. X am sure we are all connected by a desire to promote bis glory, and that all we say and do will only be the expression -of that desire. Let our discussions be marked by in telligence and freedom, faithfulness, and brotherly love. detail that should be said be said, and nothing more, and said in such a way as will not unnecessarily grieve any man. 'Lastly, let me have an interest, not only in your public, but also private devotions,' that I may be- but a Christian man, a Christian minister, a Christian gentleman; as any one who presides over you ought to be.' .. .-. r,-. The address was listened to with great inte rest and satisfaction, and the President on re suming bis seat was loudly cheered. The Conference proceeded to the election of' Secretary, the result being the reappointment of the Kev. Benjamin Chapman by a very large majority. On the nomination of the Secretary the Revs. C. H. Goldsmith and ELT. BurgeBS were appointed Assistant Secretaries. The Bev. J. G. Millard was chosen as official letter 'Writer. - The Bev. J. BioKEOED then moved, and the Bev. H. GAtro seconded— - 'That the cordial thanks of the Conference be presented to the Bev. William T* 'Sinks 'for the abieand highly satisfactory manner in which he has performed the duties of the Presidency during the past year.' This was unanimously adopted. The Ex-President, in reply, said he was much obliged to the brethren. He felt much indebted to them for the kindness .and (for bearance they had shown him, and for the valuable help they had given him in all the important matters which had come before the Conference. The past year had been an event ful, and in some respects a painful one. i They had been overtaken with calamities, in which some of their brethren had fallen under the hand of violence ; but he thanked God for the comfort and support he had received. Hie had done his best. (Applause.) He moved— ' That the thanks of the Conference be given to the Bev. B. Chapman for his very efficient services as Secretary during the past year.' This was seconded by the Bev. J. S. WAUGH, and carried unanimously. .: The Secretary read the reply of the British Conference to the address of last year, -and the Bevs. Wills and Curnow were directed to pre pare the address for the present year. - The hours of meeting were fixed as follows : — Morning, from half-past 9 to a quarter before 1 ; afternoon, from a quarter-past 2 to 5. The minutes of the District meetings were handed in b; the Chairman. A memorial from the South Australian Tern* perance League in reference to the Total Absti nence question was presented. The Official Letter Writer was directed to prepare a reply. At 12 o'clock the doors were thrown open: to the public, and the Conference prayer meeting commenced. There was a large attendance. Prayer was offered successively by the Bevs. B. Chapman, J. Bickford, J. S. Wangh/W. 'A. Quick, J. Watkin, A Reid, and W. Curnow. The afternoon session was devoted principaUy to the questions — 'Who are received into fuU connection at this Conference?' and V7Who remain on trial ? ' In reply to which the case of each probationer came under separate con sideration. Second day— Fbidat, Januaby 21. ? The Conference assembled at half-past 9 am. After singing and reading the Scriptures, the Bev. John Eggleston offered prayer. 1 he. record of the previous day's proceedings was read by the Secretary. ' ?-*—-' ?*?-?'-?*. ----- i j_ The Bev. Mr, iSXOJSB pMMBtod draft of & fe&er-;'in reply to the memorial of the South Australian Total Abstinence League, whlbh, after a, few verbal alterations was adopted. 'j - -The business then proceeded according to the Standing Orders. In reference to candidates for the ministry who are recommended for training, it was resolved that a candidate re ?njaining a third year at one of the institutions Ishall be regarded as haying travelled one year, whilst one completing a second year only as a student shall be received simply as a can didate. ' In answer to the question ' Who are now re ceived on trial?' the names of a number of ryoung men were presented, together with the [written characters and recommendations of the District Meetings by -which they had severally been ?examined. The consideration of these cases ^occupied some time, and 18 candidates were received. Careful attention was also given to applications made by stated ministers of iofltf* Chutches to be admitted into the Wes leyan ministry, and by two ministers of the British Conference to-be received as members iof the Australasian Conference. 'None of these {applications ^could be entertained on account of | the extreme difficulty experienced by the Con jferencejn providing for married ministers. The jRey.-Mt&rs.; ^Whewell and WoodaU retire from lih'e7 active work: of the tainistry for a abort period; on the ground of ill health. The Bev. 'Messrs. ' SaWcetl and1 Mien, Who have been supernumeraries, return to full work. The iRev.' James 'fie Q. Bbbin, who bad rested two iyears, was reinstated. 