THE TOWN AND SUBURBS. Ores wick. — Mr. Stewart was the only i candidate nominated for Creswick yesterday, and to-day ho was duly elected to represent that constituency. Election MEJis.-ivir. oamuei nrauiu ju» stated bis intention of standing for Ballarat East. Tho Geelong Advertiser announces that Messrs. Graham Berry and R. do Brneo Johnstone will offer themselves again to re present West Geelong. For East Geelong it is reported that Messrs. Richardson and Kornot will bo vigorously opposed, but no name has been inentionod as yet with any? thing like authority, excopting that of Mr. Thomas Ascho. who has made up his mrad to offer himself. For South Grout it is un derstood that the throo retiring members, . Messrs. Cunningham, Stutt, and Lalor, will stand again. Mr. Cunningham will run on his own merits, and is pretty certain of re election. He has boon very attentive to. his constituents, but tho same oannot be said of Mr. Lalor. Mr. J. 11 Ilopkina is understood to be in the field, with good prospects of success, and Mr. Androw Love is mentioned. Mr. Kiddle is also a candidate. Mr. J. H. I Connor will probably find his scat for Pol- worth and South Grenvillo secure. Government Holidays. — December 31st, 1870, and Monday, January 2nd, 1871, have been proclaimed as holidays in tho majority of the Govornmont departments. At the Customs an officer will attend on Saturday (to-morrow) for entering and clearing vessels, and if it is necessary to disohargo cargoes, special application in such cases to bo made not later than 4 o'clock this aftornoon. Busi ness will go on as usual at the post and telegraph oifices, The Treasury will bo open to-morrow for receiving monies duo to the Government, hut not boyond tho hour of noon. Publichouse Factors.— It has been long known to the police that thcro are several pcrsonB — brewers moro particularly — who have an interest in publiohousos in Mel- I bourne and tbo suourbs, and in fact drive a roaring trado by placing dummies in houses for tho purpose of selling their very bad beer. Tho Publicans Biff will fortunately put'a atop to this modo of proceeding. Tho programme that those persons adopt is some thing like as follows They place a man who has no money in a furnished hotel, and take a bill of sale over it, tho conditions being that tho publican must soil the beer, let it bo good, bad, or indifferent. _ A 8 a general rule it is either very bad or indif ferent ; but the bonifaco cannot do anything, for if he threatens to change his brewer, down comes inas wormy miu mu sale, and clears everything away. Tho new Act will in a great measure put a Btop to this, for a person cannot hold interests _ in moro publichouses than one. This morning Inspector Kabat nformcd a publican who appeared before tho licensing bench that after Monday noxt ho could not havo an interest in two hotels. Attempted Suicide. — A man named Win. H. Symons, who, for years past, has been earning a preoarions living about tlio police | courts m serving summons, .to., attempted to committ suicide last evening on the plat form of tho Hobson's Bay Railway Station. I Ho was seen to swallow a quantity of mor phia, which rapidly bad effectupon Jam, but I ho was so quickly convoyed to tho hospital, and the Btomach-pump used, that he was soon out of danger. Ho was taken beforo then city bench this afternoon, andrcmnnded 1 for seven days. I -r t» Ttinmna Aflfilifi IjAND lUttfeltVATiw. ««< — ----- presented a memorial this morning to tho President of the Board of Land and W orks, on bohalf of tho inhabitants of Camperdown, I praying that, a certain section of land of ono hundred, acres, which had been used- as I a racc'courso at Campordown for tho last fifteen years,' might be withdrawn from sale, and the land specially reserved as a race course. Mr. Macpherson said that six allot ments should bo withdrawn from sale, and I sot apart as requested. The Defaulter Hayward.— An elderly I man, named' Jno, . Hayward, who hod for- merly been in . tho service of tho Fitzroy Borough Council, was arrested this morning bv Detective Parker, on a charge of embez- zling monoys, the property of that corpora tion? Hayward was dismissed alow weeks ago, in consequenco of irregularities m his accounts, but it being discovered that ho had appropriated monoys, a warrant was i issued for his apprehension. Parlor having received- certain information of Hayward s whereabouts, proceeded; to a house in Simpson's-road, North Richmond, where ho found the aocused,' concealed m a room. Upon being shown the warrant, he said that ho was sorry for what he had done, but it could not be helped. Ho Was then conveyed to the Swanston-Btroet watch-house. Ho appeared beforo the City Court, and was remanded to Fitzroy.' The prisoner was allowed bail in two sureties of £50 each. Hayward appears ; to feel his position very I acutely, and looks much thinner in tbo face I since ho loft tho sorvico of tho council. The "Hew Lights."— Tho Pleasant Creek News, referring to a new sect at Creswick, calling themselves the "Now Lights, says : I .»:««mlai< rwirfcv nf relioionists. it ap pears, ex|iocted an immcdiato translation to heaven about a month ago, whioh was to take place at a hill near Moyston, known as "Good morning, Bill." On this ploco, ltis stated a number of tho fanatics assembled, clad in white gowns, waiting the arrival of the power wliich was. to carry thorn bodily into the skios.r.Thoy waited a long time, but as there- .i/yore ny signS vouchsafed, and the . day.' was. 'cold, Hiey 1 concludedjhat. the nrj-- phecy waa wrong. and prophet informed t his- follow; itiat- the translation would ho kostponed for a month. Enthusiasts in this place havo joined them, and one or two havo large interests in rioh olaims. It is not likely that the ardor of tho aamts, will cool so long as tho monoy lasts. Young' Burglars. —It is not often that lads so young as William Hughes, Alfred J. Gross. John O'Neil, and Charles Jury ap- pear in the dock of a police court, charged with such a serious offence as burglary. This morning the city magistrates had however to deal with such a case. It appears that on the night of Sunday week the ironmonger's shop of. Mr. Kelleher, 89 Elizabeth-street, was broken into by the back entrance, and under circumstances that led the detectives to believe that the affair had been com- mittod by experienced thieves. Detective Mainwarring, Lomax, and Brown, were placed upon the scent, and examining the premises, found that a ladder had been used, and the burglars had passed along the gutter of the roof, and from thence made their way to Mr. Kellehere's show-room through the skylight. A quan- tity of knives, revolvers, meerschaum pipes, and other fancy articles were carried away and traced to Fitzroy, amongst a number of reformed larrikins, who were questioned by the police. It was then learnt that Jury, who had been in tho service of Mr. Moonoy, chemist, next door to Mr. Kellohor's, had been selling somo knives, and was, without doubt, the designer, or, in slang terms, "tho putter up of tho robbery." A revolver was traced to tho residenco of Hughes, and tho other property to different boys in Fitz roy. Two of tho boys, Cross and Jury are of rospectablo parents. Cross is tho brother of tho unfortunate lad who was shot at tho Protestant-hall in 1807, and Jury is the son 01 u vuij wuustriuua wiuum is vuuuj,hvuvu . It appears that these lads havo been cor rupted by evil companions. Mr. Sturt re manded tho prisoners this morning until tho 5th of January. I The Amendino Wines, Beer and Stirits Statute. — It is as woll that persons inte rested in tho renewal of licenses should ob serve that all renewals are effected under tho old statute, and that tho now act does not come into force until the 1st of January proximo. It should also ho observed that no beer license can bo granted aftor the 31st inst., and that no renewals or transfers of beer liconscs will havo any forco or effect aftor tho 31st August noxt, and only a rate- nLln nnrMnn nf 4-lwi f an ll ftrnfiofftrn Dflifl IS dcmaudablc. Likewise, no publican's niglit licenso can be granted, transferred, or re newed aftor tie 31st inst.; and any that are renewed up tothc 31st inst. will cease and dotcrmino from and after the first meeting of licensing magistrates, to be hold in March next, and a proportionate amount only of the fee for such license is payable. Excursions sown the Bay. — From our ! advertising oolumns it will be soeu that the steamers Murray and Resolute will make excursion trips to Quccnscliff and back to morrow and Monday, and the Avon, Chal- lengo and Sophia to Selinapper Point. Tho Aldinga and Despatch-will also leave Sand- ridgo on Monday next for pleasuro trips to tho Heads and back. the oliortdressed iv AITRESSIiS.— iiiu Publicans Bill will make an alteration in tho cafes whero thiac unfortunate women, who dress in' such a disgraceful manner, congre gate. Two met, ivho are proprietors of ono of thoBe singing halls, estimate thoir loss of profits at £6000a year if not allowed to carry | on thoir degrading business. Refunding.— Mr. C. E. Jones, M.P., had an interview wkh tho lion, tho President of tho Board of Latds and Works this morning under the following circumstances. It ap pears that a constituent of Mr.- Jones' named Timothy Foley, obtained a section of land, 1G0 acres, under the 42nd clause, subject to improvement. For somo timo no improve ment was made, and notice was given to Foley that tho land would he forfeited, upon whioh he made improvements at an outlay of £135. Shortly aftor Foley wont to Sydney, and in his ahsencetheland was put up and sold lor aZ os. per acre, vno , nil k I "... Y fetching £1 per acre. Tho improvements ; made by Foley Msg stated to he ; tho cause I why his land was sold at an advanco of £1 I 8s. per aero over the land contiguous thereto, and it was now asked that tho amount of Foley's outlay in such improvements might ho refunded by tto department. | Vouchers were laid before the Presidont, showing that tho sum of £135 had actually been laid out by Foloy on aaid improvements. Mr. Mac pherson said that the department could do nothing, as tho land had been sold without tho usual valuation for improvements being I placed on it. ; Serious Charge against a Solicitor. — A summons has Veen issued against Mr. I James Scott, solicitor, #pr committing a broach of tho gaol regulations. The charge is that ho brought throe cakes of tobacco, a box of matches, and a shilling to one- of the prisoners lodged in the Melbourne Gaol. Tho | prosecutor is Mr. Qjinn, turnkey. The Bank " Screw."— Tho Bendigo Ad- 4-Urt fnllamlnfi. flnltl A W fln.VR 1767 Hoc/ A"0 uuv; WMwrrAujj.- since ono of the largest companies in this district, who happened to have overdrawn Borne few hundred pounds, received a rather bluff note to the effect that theii- overdraft should be at onco squared up. Seeing that tho company have machinery valued at close on £15,000, and the overdraft was not a thirtieth of that amcint, wo need not say that tho directors Ivero Bomowhat taken aback at such " cou|.derablc" coolness, and that tho companyibaukod with another bank beforo tlioy wero'Tiaaf days older. Caught at Last.— A man named Edward Beall who, according to the Police Gazette, has been wanted since August last as a fraudulent debtor, was apprehended on tho 28th inBt. by tho Seymour police, and duly reached tho detective office, Melbourne. He will be taken beforo tho Fitzroy. bench on tho 4th of next month. Fancy Fair. — Trado was very brisk last ..i.htiIyy rr nt tbo Writ MolboUmO Pl'Oshvto. rian Church Fancy Fair, something like £59 15s. being netted a! ttio various stalls, The art union was takci advantage of by a groat number, who hoed to obtain something from the beautiful collection of articles so disposed of. Thiswening tho fino ottomon will bo disposed ofiy art union, in conjunc tion with many chcr choice things of tho ornamental and ueful order. Wo believo that the articles Dt, disposed of during tho present fair, will oirhold over until Easter, when another opprtunity of disposiig if them will ho take advantage of. The Benevolet Asylum. — Tho usual weekly mooting ofiho committee of manage ment of tho Benvjplent Asylum was held yesterday, Air. vviywouiu iu sue cuair. ine following donatio! jworo announced : 1 case of chef sauce, andjpascof sarsinowine, from Mr. Wm. BarkerCjollins- stroot ; 1 hhd alo, from Mr. Wild, Ittroy ; and 1 hhd of ale, from Messrs. J. Tood and Son, Collingwood. Tho superintend reported that he had presented to tbiHon. George Harkcr tho testimonial of !o" committee, in acknow ledgment of thatoqtleman's services as hon. treasuror to the $dnm. Three doaths were announced. Tt applicants were few in number, and wOrhll refused admission as ineligible. On iQjrecommendation of tho building commiri, tho site of tho super intendent's houi)plong with tho plans and specifications wAPproved of, and tho archi- toctrequested tcafi for tenders for the work. Tho superintend! reported that ho had, by request, furled Mr. Moody, tho Im migration agenlWitV tho particulars of the case in why a girl oightcen years of age who had tj afflioted with incipient blindness when loft homo, wcaent by her mothor to tlfyium ro sooki aumisBion. It was dccideWat no notion Bhould at present bo takefc the case of Ann Wil liams and her i at, who had . been again reoeived into tl sylum from tho Lying-in Hospital. It W licited that no action had yet Deen taken eferenoo to tho division of the recreati ground for males and females. T -aioKLAND Si s — Mr. A. M 'Donald, of Rnn&o-stroet;, tsueeeeded in produoipg a. photour in ,oonnection--wjtS_tho SXhikadi a nkjffllerald HiH. Tfho indivife on tho platfow ting the grand stand, or reclining on grass m tho front therpof . Amongst them ' soveral well-known otti- zena, whoso po .ts will ' at onoo bo recog nised.- Tho go 'a made up of over eighty individuals, fifl whom wear the highland « a _ _ -Anin :nf lilm annrfcR. fcliiH pictare will be ,d ry acceptable. Colling wo) iFM-Last evening the Collingwood II VcM then annuel meo lug in the orderly j .Eastern Hill. ; Thooliau- was occupied Captain Templcton, and between fiftyl ?ty- members were m attendance. . fc? her read the fmau- cial statement which it appeared that, after all liabi|hvero mot thoro would bo to tho crcdi#® corns £210;7s. Cd. A committee, eS'ugci Lieutenant Blannir, Sorgeant StoAd Sergmint lVluthy, was appointed loj<"re into the present eondi- tionof thqbBa report-to bo brought up on tho sutjif -Muturo meeting. The chairman stajfiat-a.gum of monoy which had been votWfkKo opfns Tor a pnzo ban been won bcanj : ?tqpjc, who i had pur chased a cupPfioJnoney, winch had been competed fo| >. by Corporal M'Keckari a rivato Davis. The liberality j of Sergeant Stock was warmly commented on ffll The total number of efftctives for llic puai IS year was stated to bo 135. £50 woi'o voted «. as prizes for rillo shooting for tho ensuing ffl year. It was mentioned by tho chairman S- that any member attending for parade pur- Hv poses, and sufficient members not being pre- ia sent, such attendance would not be credited >W to tho member so attending, as the matter was out of tho hands of tho corps, and was ® dealt witli by the Legislature. Tim question iH I nf ifalitin tlort f An lli a tMinnnnn -c _l iill o. .»»»6 -v » i.u.gunuui uoraining 1ft i instruments for tho band was postponed. j Clarke v. Eigke.— Wo havo received £1 5s. from " A lovor of honesty " on behalf \1 of tho plaintiff in tho above suit. b K A Young Ruffian. — A very painful caso If ' | was brought under tho notico of the East tdS Collingwood magistrates this morning. A »v lad (named Frank Dicker was proceeded BP against for an assault upon another boy ag much smaller and younger, named Alfred Kg Edmund Hanmcr. Tho prosocntor appeared in court with his mouth bandaged, and on nl tho covering licing removed tho mouth pre- & sentcd a shocking appearance, it being fear- B| fully hacked anil deformed. The poor little fill lOllUWLUUlu nicu uuuwujiijr ui utbUlUHJ cvcq m dn/ tho lowest tone. Mr. Edwards, who ipi oared BB for the complainant, stnted to the court fflH' that an operation had been performed liSi on tho lad by Dr. Wilson, and another Mi by Dr. Beaney, but that it would aS;, bo some timo beforo bis. speech could be jl| perfectly restored, if suoii could be done at |l all. The injured boy oxplaincd that, on last ml I Sunday fortnight ho was on tho Bteep bank fail | opposite tho Convent of tho Good Shepherd, mi ' at Abbo'gford, witli another boy named hK R. White, listening to the singing in the Con- jfS vent grounds, when, .without any provoca- (8 tion, tho defendant threatened to "roll hint ® into tho Yarra." Witness walked a bit fi down tho bank, when ho got a blow of a !'|S stone on tho templo from tho defendant, |S nuiuu 1I.HUU4VU uiuiouu IU0UI101U1W, A1U baGll rolled helplessly down the bank, and, it ap MB peared, came in contact with a "bouldi... 9 which inflicted the wound in his month. A i tho boy was quite unequal to' tho task j|l undergoing a cross-oxaniination, .tlio caso wa ® i adjourned for a fortnight." Mr. Edwards M appeared for tho eomplainnut, and Mr. Efl | Walker for the defendant. ftp ) Christmas Annual. — Wo have received S| a copy of what is designated " Wattlo Bios- soms," or original .stories and poems pub- RA ' lishcd as a supplement to tho Ballarat Even fffl I mp ATailj The blossoms, as n whole, are in I full bloom, and wo can recommouil "Tho ' Ghost of Morvyn," "The Marvel of Hogg's ! I Camp," and tho introduction by the editor, | as the most entertaining of tho bundle. | Donations.— Tho treasurer of Melbourne i Hospital acknowledges receipt of the follow- 1 ing amounts : — Tho Right Worshipful tho j \- . Tl H.T.15L JOfl . fj 4 I lUUJfUl) JL IHAUUIOUII, iJSlj.; LmU , rt, j I Brodic, £10 10s. ; Mrs. Berks, £2 2s.; H. Durham, £1; Michael Byrne, £2 2s.; tho ' Borough of Richmond, £20'; tho workmen J at the ICoiv Asylum, by Mr. J. Amcss, £17 j 10b.; James Tribe, '£1 la.; Bilot'Board, £5; H.J. Hart, £1 Is.; Borough of East Col lingwood, £20. Publicans on tne " Flat."— At tho East Collingwood Police Court t'o-dny, Mrs. J Davidson, of the Sir John Franklin hotel, glf Wollington-stroot, and Robert Glass, of tho Victoria hotel, Hoddlc-strcet, .were sum- H moncd by tlio policefor "selling liquor with- 9 out a licenso," or, in other words, for selling M drink after midnight without having a night liconBO. Each defendant was fined in the H minimum sum of £5. Mrs. Hogau, Robert H| Burns hotel, Smith-street, and fiobcrt H i Harper, Simpson's hotel, Victoria-parade, H were cacli mulcted in tho sum of £3 for Sun- M day trading. Henry . Eastwood, Earl of H Zeatland hotel, Stanley-street, and John fffl Potter, Potter's hotel, Hoddle street, wore fM fined, tho former 40s.. and the . latter 20s- IM ; for a smilar offoneo. 9" Hodson's Bay Railway Returns.— Dur- (H' I ing tho week ending 22ud December, 102,955 JS passengers travellod on the Molbonrne and fli,' Hobson's Bay United Railway Company's HI lines. Tho recoipts by ' tho company K amounted to. £1297 18s. Id., against £1372 ll 17s. 4d. in tho corresponding week of last |jj year. The total receipts from all sources g| duringthe week in 1870 wore £24G9 Ss. 2d., B compared with £2750- 12s. 2d. in 18G9. B Sinoo tbo 1st July, 1870, tbo gross receipts B have amounted to £58,902 8s. 8d. ; for the B corresponding period in 1SG9 the sum was B £07,848 18s. lOd. Tho weekly average for W tho present year has lieon £2350 Is. lid, ; | for 1S09, £2698 10s. lOd. 7 The Tables Turned. — It will bo rcmcm- ' bercd that somo weeks ago a man named r August Snmmcrst, late landlord of tho All 1 England Eleven Hotel, Railway-place, Sand- ridge, was oharged at tho local oourt with having set Arc to his houso somo months pre viously, with intent to defraud tho Liver pool, London, and Globe Insurance Company. Tho principal witness for tho prosecution was ono George William Murray, whose ela borate evidence tho bench discro filed, and dismissed the accused. Murray was yester day brought up for perjury at tho Saudridge Court, and remanded for. a veok. Professor Hughes' Concert. — We would remind our readers that the complimentary concert to Professor Hughes will take pin - Jg to-morrow night at the Town-hall. Tho p. j| gramme, which is well seleotod, cannot fl in tho hands of well-known favorites, to p B entiro satisfaction. A note worthy of i SUUViVU 1Q UUU IKliU VUO.v IUU |!UD1IU « 111 iUt next three months bo doprivod of tlio oppor- | tunity of visiting tlio Town-hall, as that < place, immediately after the new year, will be in the hands of ornamental artists. I The OrER.v.— Last night "Attila" and I " Martha" wore most offioiently rendered by ' Messrs. Lyaterand Smith's opera company, tho principol artistes' being onthusiastioally ) received. To-night Wallaco's " Maritana" 1 will bo civon, Madame Simonscn sustaining tho title role, and Miss .Lucy Chambers Lazarillo. On Saturday. " Luoiozia Borgia" and tho "Bohemian Girl " will bo produced. Polyteciinic-hall. — Mr. Cotteroll's enter tainment was well patronisod last ovening, and what with his whimsicalities, and the cxcollont singing of Miss Bailoy, and Messrs. ,, Rainford and . Hallam, a very onjoyablo j ovening was passod .by. those who wore i present. To-night is the last hut one of Mr. i Cotterell's appearanoos, : and a now song, | written by Charles Bright, , Esq., entitled, j I " Tha Kniffht's Return. '"will bo sunn bv Mr. I Rainford. I Weston's Opera House.— Another good f attendance last eyenipg to itified to the liigli 1 estimation in wbioli Woodroffo's glass- j blowers are held by tlie public. Thore is |i always something new to be seen and heard li at this interesting exhibition, ana the pretty j prizos given away, in tho afternoon and 1 evening aro cnougli in themsolves to scMrti 1 capital attendances'.' I 