ARRIVAL OF THE EGNLISH MAIL TELEGRAPHIC DATES TO JAN. 17. -KEWgPAPEfc DATES TO DEC. 31. {From the Advertiser.] The Queen and Court are now at Osborne. ?where the 'Christmas was spent. Prince Leopold's health was much improved. On the. 13th, 'being the eighth anniversary of the death of the late lamented Prince Consort, Her Majesty the Queen and the Hoyal Family wont, to the Mausoleum at Froermore. The Prince of Wales came down from London and met the Queen arsd Royal Family there, when the Uon and Very Ker. Gerald Welleslev. the Dean of Windsor. read, portions of Scripture and some appro ' pivlate prayers. Maude Charlotte Mary Victoria are the ' names given in baptism to the infant daughter of the Prince and Princess of Wales. The Bishop of London officiated, and the sponsors (hv representation) were the Kins of Sweden, the Cesarevna Dagisar, the Crown Princess of Denmark, Prince Leopold, the Duehess of Nassau, the Landgrave of Hesse, the Princess of Leininp;en, the D jchess of Inverness, etc. The Prince and Princess of Wales are on a visit to the Earl of Leicester in Nor folk. There is talk of the probable retirement of the Dnke of Cambridge fron- the command in chief in the event of the proposed amalgama tion of the Horse Guards and the War Office being carried into effect. The Queen has sent twenty brace of pheasants to each of the Chief London hos pitals. It is stated Prince Arthur is charming all hearts in Canada, not so much by his manner as by his intense devotion to work. He is pursuing vigorously his military studies, and ' works as hard as ever,' notwithstanding that the winter has set in with extraordinary severity. At a recent Council held at Windsor, Lord Stratford de Radcliffe and Earl de Grey and Kipon were invested with Garters, vacant through the death of the Marquis of West minster and Earl Derby. The Bishop of Winchester was invested with the badge of the Prelate of the Order. Alderman and Sheriff Causton and Sheriff Valentine re ceiv-d the honor of knighthood. Mtny Cabinet Counei's have been held this month — the. last on Friday week- Mr Gladstone was unable to be present at Friday's meeting owing to a severe cold. The Premier, who is much better, has joined his family at Hawarden Castle, Flintsh're, and the Lord Chancellor and Mr Childers are the only Ministers in town. Mr Gladstone completed his sixtieth birth day on Tuesday, and Mr Disraeli is fi-4 to-day. John Stephen Hampton, Esq , late Go vernor of Western Australia died at St, Leonards -on-Sea on the 1st inst. Parliament is summoned to meet on the 8th of February, which is about the usual priod. Thus the question of an extra ordinary session is at rest. The new Earl of Derby has been spending a few days vrith Mr Disraeli at Hugheuden Manor. Mr Bright, lias appoinfed Mr E. Stanley Jones, son of the late Mr Ernest Jones, a temporary clerkship in the Register-General of Seamen's Office. j Scotland has just lost her premier Earl, by the death of Lord Crawford, who sat in the House of Lords as Baron Wigan. The Archbishop of Canterbury is said to be j-'wnine strength* daily. His medical atten dant* are satisfied that the progress towards recovery should be gradual. The death is announced of Mr Thomas Creswick, the Eoyat Academician, in his 58th year. Her Majesty's ship Monarch, with her con sort the United States ship Plymouth, left Portsmouth on the morning of the 21st with the body of the late Mr P«abody_ The Pope has conferred the Grand Cross of Pius IX. upon Lord Petre and the Earl of Denbigh. The Government have consented to the request of the Archbishop of Canterbury for the appointment of a suffragan. The 'confirmation'' of D.- Temple as Bishop of Exeter took place at Bow Church, London, on the 8th. The opponents of the prelate-elect pnf in their threatened appear ance, but the Vicar- General dismisses} their arguments as invalid, and confirmed Dr Temtile without hesitation. On the 21st the new Bishop, and two other new prelates, were consecrated in Westminster Abbey. Several Bishops had sent in protests against the act. On Wednesday, Dr Temple was enthroned in Exetei Cathedral. Nearly 39 years had passed since a similar ceremonial was wit nessed in the city, and this, after the contro versy which the Right, Rev. Prelate's ap pointment has caused, attracted largenambers from the summnding villages at Exeter. The Bishop was cist at the East gate of the city by the Mayor and Corporation, the Ma gistrates, the Sheriffs of Devon and Cornwall, the Mayor of the boroughs in the dioeese, and the representatives of the friend!? societies. The procession was afterwards joined by the Dean and Chapter. At the conclusion of the. ceremony of installation Dr Temple preached in the Cathedral to an immense congregation. The death of the Bishop of Manchester places the seventh episcopal mitre at the dis posal of Mr Gladstone, his previous appoint ments having been to the seers of Winchester, Oxford, Exeter, Bath and Weils, Salisbury, nnd Carlisle. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Coun- ] cil gave judgement in the Mackonochie case on Saturday. According to the judgement of the Lord Chancellor— himself a Hiah Church man — the conduct of the reverend defendant had been anything but creditable. He was j ordered last, year not to elevate the paten and chalice above his head. He was ordered not to hum candles on the Crnimunion Tahles during the celebration. He now keeps the candle*? lighted until the celebration, when he pjifs them oat ; but he has a larjje number of i other lights burning all the, time in front of ! and about the communion Table. Lastiv, he v-»«s ordered not to kneel down before thi con secrated bread and wine. He now, according to hifi own statement, ''reverently bends one knee. wW,h mav occasionally touch the ground.' The : Court decided that, whatever' might be thought. v( the two first occasions, ; Mr Msckatiochie had literally fulfilled the law, 8iii nothing could be done. But with re gard to the kseeling, it was adjudged that he hed not complied with the monition, and that he must be again admonished and bear the costs of the piocee'dings. The Directors of Oyerend, Gurney, and Co. Are, after a trial whjeh has occupied nine days, acquitted of the charges of fraud brought against them. The Lord Chief Jus tice occupied four hours in his summing up, and the Jury took only a quarter of aa hour to consider their victory. The Gurnevs and their coadjutors have won the victory, but it is a victory dearly hougfet. The death of ' the Welsh fasting girl ' has recalled in the naost painful manner a contro versy which raged with some energy a few monthn ago. As it will he remembered, much curiosity was aroused by the statement that a girl, 15 or 16 years oid, named Sarah Jacobs, had lived for a number of -months withoaj nourishment ; and great was the resort of people to see the living1 marvel — considerable, it is said, was the advantage reaped by the parents of the girl in gratuities and charges for admission. Attention was more especially directed to the affair through the strenuous resistance offered by the parents to a medical man, who, perhaps too zealously, undertook an enquiry into the genuineness of the girl's abstinence : but from that time little had been heard of the case, until a tele gram informed us that the girl died yesterday afternoon, in the presence of four nurses from Guy's Hospital. She was delirious at ihe last, and made no statement which could throw any light on the mystery. The Jury brought in a verdict of ' Manslaughter ' against her lather. Sir George Grey, late Governor of New Zealand, on Thursday presided over a meeting of the Workmen's Emigration Society Council, at which it was unanimously resolved that a deputation shosld wait upon Mr Gladstone, urging the importance of affording State- aid in supplementing the Society's labors. During the recent inspection by the Lords of the Admiralty at Chatham, Mr Childers went to No. 4 dock, in which the Cerberus, 4, armour-plated turret ship, is being completed and prepared for the voyage to Australia. She will leave for Australia about May next. From all parts of the kingdom accounts showing the severity of the weather have i been received. The first frost set in on I Christinas Day ; sin-.^e we have had heavy fallsof snow and storms in all parts of the country. It is now much milder. A large body of troops have already been sent to Ireland, which have been divided by Lord Strathnaira into seven flying columns i under picked officers to scour the disaffected districts. This serious step, which has pos sibly been taken in consequence of special j information received by the Government, has alla\ed all apprehension. In some places the Fenians have entered into combination with tne Ribbon conspiracy ; in others, Orangemen pat. the Feniiius on the back ; while we find titled and wealthy Conservatives, who should at such a time strengthen the hands of the Executive, rubbing their hands with illdis guised satisfaction at the troubles which are rising around the Government, and at the possibility that Mr Gladstone's proposals for dealing with the land question may be frus trated by popular commotion. On Christinas Eve there was a fire in a house in Sandwich-street, near the St. Psncras Station^ and before assistance could be obtained a mothe** just confined and four children in an upper storey were burnt to death. On Boxing Day, the 27th, there was an immense, crowd awaiting the openiug of the doors of the Bristol Theatre Royal to witness the first representation of the pantomime of ' Robinson Crusoe.' Many of the people had been waiting at the entrance from about 3 o'clock. The theatre is approached by a. de clivity from the roadway, said to be about 20 feet wide. This avenue was for a Jong time blocked up by the erowd, which also partly filled the roadway. In the crush a woman whose dress had been trodden on fell, and the. obstruction caused large numbers of others who were pushing in to fall on her, and in the result nearly 40 men, women, and voung people tumbled over one another in a heap, over which those behind still pushed in ord«r to obtain admission. When the panic was over 23 persons were taken up insensible : 14 of those undermost woie found to be quite dead. ? I The Morning Herald gave up the ghost, and to-morrow the Pall Mall Gazette comes out as a twopenny morning paper. The election of 0' Donovan Bossa will be dealt with by the House of Commons, as no petition has been presented flgr^nsfc his return within the time prescribed by the Legislature. Mr John Martin,- the repealer, is to be put forward for Longford County against Mr Greville Nugent. The nomination is to-day, the polling on Monday. It is not probable that the so- exiled naturalist will succeed this time.. The split in the Irish Charch is gradually widening. The laity insist upon having a majority of votes in the new governing body \ while the Bishops are equally obstinate in de claring: that they will sit as a separate order, with the power of vetoing the proceedings of the Lower House. The laity urge that the i poliey of the Bishops would give the priest hood unlimited power. The Bishops, on the other hand, state that they will take no fur ther part in the Convent! n till their claims are recognised. To two deputations which re cently waited on him to urge upon the' Go vernment ihe advisability of introducing a Bill into Parliament for the removal of Uni versity tests, Mr Gladstone replied that there j were three points on which he was agreed j with the memorialists i First, that the time j had arrived when this quesiti^n ougiit to be j settled by some legislative enactment ; second, j that it should be by a compulsory and not by i a permissive measure: and third, that it should be made and «Jov«rnment would intro duce a Bill next session. On the. 7th inst., a meeting of the members ! and friends of Blo&insburj;* Chapel was held in j the Hanover-square Rooms, to celebrate the twenty -first anniversary of the opening of i that chapel. The event of the evening was a presentation to the Rev. W. Brock, D.D., of ti»e sum of £1,000, enclosed in a beautiful]? carved polished oak casket. An elegant couch was preseuted to Mrs Brock. The .£1,009 was subscribed in' sums varying from Is to £lffl. On the 14th a Jr.rge number of the old and present, members of the church and congre gation -meetine at the King's Weigh=-House Chapel, Fish-street- Hill assembled at {he Cannon-street Hotel, for the purpose of pre senting a testimonial to the Hev. T. Binney, on his retirenienti after a postorate of over forty years. Mr Samuel Morley, M-P., pre- ; sided, and was supported by Mr Miall, M.P.,' the Kevs. Dr Raleigh, Dr Halley, H. A lion, E. White, J. H. Wilsou, Dr Stoughton, -and many other mmirters and gentlemen. 'A cheque for £1,339 15s was presented,1 - arid suitably acknowledged by Mr Binney. The Ducbess d'-4 umale died at Twickenham on Mondar ,'the6t.h afrer a long illnes3. The decease of Her Royal Highness was rather sudden, though from the nature of the disease, this 'kind of death was not unexpected. The Irish Land BiH of the Government will be based on the Ulster custom. While the Atiienceum declares with much positiveness that the Government will deai wiih the Education question next session, the National Leagues have laid before the country the draft of their proposed measure. One of its main provisions is that all National Rate Schools to be established under the new scheme, and existing schools carrying out the principles of a Conscience clause, are io rpc«ive a rrant of two-thirds their total expenses from the Consolidated Fund. In the case of Na tional Rate Schools the remaining third will be raised by a local rate. The compulsory clause requires that all children shall attend school from six to fourteen years of age, sub ject to the orovisums of the Factory Acts. In respect to* the religious difficulty it is pro vided that in existing schools under Govern ment inspection religious teaching shall be given at a distinct tim«, and attendance not be compulsory. In the national rate schools the Board is to- empowered '-to permit the read ing of the Scriptures in the schools, provided that no child shall ba present at such reading, if his parents or guardians disapprove ; that the time for giving1 such reading' be immedi ately before the coinmeneemsut or irempdiate'.y after the ordinary school business *. aad that it be so fixed that no chiid be thereby in effect excluded, divectlv or indirectly, from the other advantages w-hich the school afford 3.' r 