FOREIGN INTELLIGENT, FRANCE. '1 Prince Metternich has returned to PS m Vienna, and has resumed the direction. Austro-Huugarian Embassy. It is pre® h«R made his peace with Francis JoseplfiP duel, if, indeed, it be true that tbe Empf xnnrAvpR bin dinlomatic renresentatiirea a ing invitations to cros9 the frontier and figB XHB COMMEECIAI# TEEA.TT TTITH EXGLAT| The Paris correspondent of the Times saj The treaty is in the utmost danger, and if the Emperor employs all his influence wit House for the maintenance of the treaty, w is doubtful, the danger is still great. Tbe tr is unpopular here for two reasons — a mat one and a moral one. The material one is the two industries which have benefitted by a. 1 . X- tUn ei lire oni) fllfi vrinpo— irauc— w v» iU) kuu "im mux. uiy prosperous before tbe treaty, while two industneV which were also prosperous before the treaty — 1% wit, cotton and iron — have suffered greatly frorufc it, or, what is quite the same for the vulgar, after i ll" THEfSDLTAN AND THE VICEROY. A telegram arrived at Constantinople on Sth December, announcing tbe acceptance by the Khedive of the conditions contained in the Sul tan's latest firman, and stating tiie intention of his highness to come in person to Constantinople to assure tbe Snltan of liis faithful allegiance. The principal conditions of the firman conveyed an expression of the ab.solute wil I of tlie buttm that all taxes and imposts in Esvpt should be levied in his name, runner mar me should not be hardened with new taxes without legitimate necessity, and lastly, that no new foreign loan should be contracted unless us necessity was established, and the Sultan's pre vious authorisation obtained. In conclusion, the Khedive was urged to adapt for the f ntnre his acts and conduct to the terms of tbe present Im- uerial firman on all points in conformity with his respective rights and autie9. Tbe firman also maintained all previous firmans. THE SUEZ CANAL. An official report on the canal has just been presented to the Admiralty by the Hydro- grapher. It can plainly be seen from this report that a vast amount ofwork will constantly have to be expended in keep ing the canal ot its existing dimensions, to say nothing of those necessary for rapid and un- interruptcd traffic. " For five m Res in the worst parte of Lake Timsali constant dredging, we are told, " will be required until means are found to keep the banks solid enough to prevent the water communicating. . , Thirtyvc miles of the canal is subject to sand drifting. . - i he mnoSmt ebb and flow of the water between the lake and the canal, carrying laige quantities ui BMd with it, is constantly altering the depth of water The debris banks here, like those in Ske Baiiah, are not adhesive enough to keep the enS Oo twenty-one and a half miles caiteesTvrworWng whTt de \esseps has so ecientifically excavated, and that an teetnal rnrkber"red fi for brUk and continuous trafBC' THE PAPAL STATES. TKEffiCmlENICAL COCXCXL. The Ecumenical a8a\f;twfthTtand- on 8th December. By ? ,. jnner Atrium tag the weather being r T. Ba6Uica, tUe ana Ixraua ...inn were thronged by an im- routeof the Procf/18D' At uiae o'clock, mense concourse of p of aU the ccclesias- amid the Tinging of the lroes o£ artillery from tied edifices mRome, and s t ATentioe, rise Castle of San Angelo and Moon of the procession forI8d l. g ;a Bnegia, and either side, and the procession x ardihishop-prmces, gg abbotfj SDd 29 680 archbishops and bishop „bont 800 generals of rehpous rd8 fwho was carried t itatoriai chair. His mto the caedlIt,neome time before the Sacra- holincss i fire b then took their places in rnent,and the nssemmy After mass had hStedV Cardinal Patrizi, the Archbishop pronounced the inaugural discourse T-hPnnerho appeared to be in the enjoyment health, then gave hie benediction, tbe ceremony being carried out in exact accordance AftogMng the diction, the Pope received the homiSe of the members of the council. The Payers followed, and the Pope three tiroes invoked the aid of the Holy Ghost for the Sdk a bvmn to the Holy Gnost being sung by fhechoriste'rs. The prelates approved the decree tn Jthe council, and the Te Deum followed, rim ceremony terminating at half- past two o'clock intothef' ritttagDof tbe council, on 9th December, thePonereadto the members assembled a short homilv in which ho said that it had given h.m pleasure to inangurate the council on the minted dnv and to see the bishops assembled Krne n tf numbers than ever They had ro taUmen the voice of God, and to with the Pope, under the auspices of the HntiT Smrit, on the errors of human science. Ne£rw« it "necessary than in the preset ?av stace conspiracy and impiety were wide- spread and strongly organised, and hidethe- srives under the mask of aspirations for liberty. There was no cause for alarm. The church SX Heaven itseU, and now was the time to consider what remedies were fficacions against the present evils. The bishops a ould strive with him tc secure peacafulness in the monasteries, order in the church, and discipline among the clergy. In conclusion, he invoked the Holy Spirit, the Virgin, and the holy angels. The fathers of the Council held their first ge neral congregation in St. Peter's the same day. Tbe death is announced of Cardinal Fentini. The Pope received 600 French subjects at the Vatican on 19th December. After speaking with several individually, he delivered an allocution in French, in which he dwelt upon tbe significance of the approaching Christmas festival, and said, " God, in teaching humility, declared pride to be the enemy of man and the author of revolution." IHis holiness then blessed the assembly amid loud applause. The third general congregation of the Council was neia OH acta iicwuiwci. AUC -- "» out of the 24, ecclesiastics who are to compose tbe committee on matters of faith is notified. The principal members are the Archbishops of Cam- bray, Utrecht, Posen, Malines, Baltimore, and Westminster, the Bishops of Poitiers, Jaen, Sion, and Paderborn; the Primate of Hungary, and the Armenian Patriarch. The assembly has elected 24 members as a committee on questions con nected with discipline. The Apostolic Bull, " Sedis," dated the 12 til of October, which, out of consideration for tbe spirit of the age, reduces the number of cases reserved for ecclesiastical | censure, has been promulgated. The Pope, in reply to an address of General Kanzler, on 27ili December, expressed his confi dence that the Ecumenical Council would dissi pate darkness and give to the world peace and prosperity. — He-refuted the -arguments of those vrno main tarn mut rupc buuuiu ua«c uu because Christ had none. ITALY. The Chamber of Deputies voted on 17th Decem ber the provisional exercise of the Budget until the end of March, 1870. They also voted the government provisional exceptional powers to arrange with the millers for the collection of the grist tax during the same period. The Chamber afterwards adjourned until the 1st of February. SPAIN. In the disenssion on tbe Crown jewels which took place in the Spanish Cortes the other day, there was some exceedingly plain speaking. The Finance Minister, Signor Figuerola, in a very long speech, which was well received by the House, said that the jewels in question " had been stolen in the most scandalous manner." They had been stolen, he added, by two persons who were very well known, Donna Maria Christina and Donna Isabella of Bourbon. It was no wonder, therefore, that the Spaniards had ex pelled the dynasty. Another member of the House, Seoor Garcia Lopez, wished that the Spanish Cabinet should demand in the proper quarter the extradition of the criminals, " France having thieves eDOUgh of her own." The dis cussion then took a personal tone, and it necame ! somewhat stormy before the Chamber adjourned. Advices received in Paris state that rumors are Current mat mctc wee-, a - tween the Dnke of Montpensier and Queen Isabella. Should this rumor be confirmed the major portion of the members of the Liberal Union will coalesce with the Progressist party. It is rumored that a family council has been held at Turin, to deliberate on the question of the candidature of the Duke of Genoa. In Madrid the partisans of hie highness's elevation to the throne of Spain have not abandoned their hopes of success. _ . _ On 23rd December General Sickles, the United States Minister, had a conference with the ; Minister of tate relative to the proposal made |by the Washington Cabinet in favor of the neu trality of telegraph cables. England is said to -Slave already accepted this proposal. ei| RUSSIA tiThe Moscow Gazette of the 8th December frfyes an interesting account of an expedition wpn.:«i. i,q« v... - .1, cpnt- hv the Russian Government he Caspian Sea. The expedition, it says, ists of 1500 men and six horses, and has em- :ed at Petrovsk, on board four screw steam- the Armenian, the Taraara, the Volga, and nrnan, with provisions, forage, far tents, other articles required for camping in the t including the Norton apparatus for sink- alls. This flotilla is to proceed to the Bay tsnovodsk. The expedition is under the cVd of M. Stoletoff, who is conversant with "Hthe Asiatic languages, and has travelled a %eal in Turkestan. "The Bay of Kras- Q.V' adds the Gazette, " is the upper por- ti0\e Gulf of Balkan, into which the river Amiirya (Black River, the Oxns of the ancit „-i,. Ji.«i„ri,.i itself This river 1,99 "according to tradition, changed its course in coo nee o( an earthquake, and now falls int?,Va of Aral. The bay of Krasno- vodsk j-tbcr dt(,pj tIie bottom is of firm sand, sufficient anchorage for large ships. It is su\de(j by mountains, and in Eome parts by rocKT rerai weilg o£ tfweet water exist in the adjff country. Iu an island near the river the! Bpe,jcs o£ r0cky earth called hir, which iue £or £uei; there are also some sourijj napti,ft. The bay is navigable all the yearjp> as it does not freeze in the winter. Turcoman inhabitants in the sur rounding cqL are nomads, with a liking for commerce Navigation ; but at present tbey are brigandstirat0S; liTiDg 0n tbe plunder of the Persian \\(s an(j tbe Kussian merchant ships in the (1_ -pbe bay was first occupied by the RussiatLjer Uekovitch, in the reign of Peter I. Anoktt 1 10 establish a Russian settlement theit made by General Yermoloff, commander-ill -I o£ t(ie Caucasus, who sent Captain llouraAn a mi6Si0n to the Kban of Khiva." The Gl concludes by expressing the hope that " a neitseps be found who will employ tbe imral —.nurces of Russian in- dustry in order 4ing back the Amou-Darya into its ancient bsLg thereby restore to life the decayed townS villages which formerly existed on the banl&bat; great river." 4itICA. President Grant « 8ent a message to tbe Senate announcing ti|be French Government had unfavorably reSg a proposal for a tele graphic convention &een; France and tbe United States, securftjm(nunity from inter ference to ocean cablij case of war, and pro viding reciprocal conA,ns. The President urges the participation nations in this con vention. In tbe Honse of Rlsentatives, on 15tii December, a resolution wWrodueed by unani mous consent announcingTdeath of Mr George Peabody, and reciting the|grs paid him by her Majesty, the London aunties, th£ French Emperor, and others, and a the extraordinary preparations for the transfer bis remains to America. The President w%tborised to order as many ships of war as m convenient and ILucQilcKc 10 r luB DCC&9lOU| ttiiBfit &L; BBa ID6 European convoy conductioT hither, and to make other preparations for ttcception of the corpse, so as to be commensuraWith the merits of the deceased. \ Eighteen gnoboate have beeiformally trans ferred to the Spanish flag at Nework. In the House of RepresentatiA on j6th De cember, Mr Mungen, Democrat, fjp Ohio, made a speech advocating repudiation olbe National Debt. Great excitement follota. Messrs Brooks, Randall, Kerr, and WoodwaY all Demo crats, denounced repudiation, declariA that their party was in favor of an honest payfcnt of the debt. The House adopted, by 123 j\s to one nay, a resolution declaring that " any plmosition directly or indirectly to repudiate any IV tion of the debt of the United States is unwortliW the honor and good name of the nation, aW the House, without distinction of party, bereft sets its seal of condemnation on any and all sum pro positions?" The one negative vote was givdji by Ml UUDC3( J L/CUIULia»| tltrui au-uauw/. I 1 The ycto York Times Etates tliat Mr Mouey, the United States Minister in London, hastn- duced the British Government to accept a pro position for the transfer of the negotiations on the Alabama claims to Washiogton. THE RED RIVER REBELLION. The Aew York Times of the 25th November, publishes the following from Toronto. A special despatch to the Globe from St Paul, Minn, says: < a gentleman from Fort Garry arrived at St. Paul. He says the English half-breeds and whites take little or no part in the demonstration. The insurgents are chiefly half-breeds. A system of passes has been adopted, and strict eurveilance is exercised. Tbe insurgents have taken possession of the Hudson's Bay store-houses, and are dealing out to themselves daily rations from the com pany's supplies. Dr Brown, the editor of the A'omcster, refused to print the rebel proclamation, but bis partners were forced, at tbe month of the musket, to issue the revolutionary document, which was posted in various parte of the rebellious district. A Bed River trading house at St. Paul learns there is a strong organisation, including many half- breeds, awaiting a favorable oppor- tunity to declare in favor of Governor M'Dougall. A Fenian priest is said to be directing the minds of the disturbers." Subsequent intelligence to 7th December, direct from Fort Garry, says that the insurrection is subsiding, and that tbere are now only about 50 insurgents uoder arms. The Scotch and English half-breeds are favorable to Mr M'Dougall, and it is believed that he will be quietly installed as governor on the let December. Governor Mac- tavish is dangerously ilL It is stated in a tele gram, dated Ottawa, 25th December, that the Canadian Government, in consequence of the re sistance it has met with, in taking possession of the Hudson's Bay territory, will not pay the pur chase mhney until the spring. The same telegram savs that the iusurgents have issued a declaration of independence, in which they protest against their transfer to Canada, but at the same time ex- nrpKs their wiilinnness to negotiate with her IB order to secure a good government. 