THE TEMPERANCE MOVEMENT. According to promise, we now publish the paper read by C. H, Macknioht, Esq., at the Temperance eoiree at Hamilton last week : — I esteem myself happy to have this oppor tunity of publioly giving in my adhesion to the cause of total abstinence 1 do so, because I eee n gigantio evil obstructing the path of social progress ; and because I see, in the universal adoption of the . principle of total abstinence, the only power which soeme competent to com with that gigantic evil ; and because it appears to me that every man who is Dot wholly bound up in self, is called upon to contribute his sup port to that principle, by every meant in his power. Sir, 1 regard the movement, to promote the advancement of which we are met here this evening,- as being one of the most impor tantsooialmovementeoftbepresentday. Indeed, 1 think I should be justified in calling it the most important ; for it is one the success of which has a direct tendency to prepare the way for the favourable reception of every other movement which has for its object the social moral, and religious well-being of mankind. I isono, tbesucoessof which has a tendency to bring our common humanity more and more into har mony with all that is good and great, with all that is elevating and ennobling, with all that is an selfish and self-sacrificing, with all that is God like ; with all that is Christ-like ? and it has a tendency to place us in a position of antagonism with all that it vile and debasing, with all that is selfish and sensual, and with all that is wicked and devilish. I am anxious, Sir, on this occasion to endeavour to take a review, as brief, yet as comprehensive, as possible, of the arguments of total abstinence as it stands at present, not so much with reference to drunkards-: for that seems settled— as with re ference to moderate drinkers ; for. it is the uni versal adoption of the principle which we re gard as the only power wherewith we can grapple with this gigantic evil. We are not unaware of the formidable difficulties which we have to encounter. We know that we have to combat the prejudices, the passions, the tastes and feelings, and, most formidable of all, the interests of a large class of the community. But we are sanguine of success. We know what has been achieved elsewhere. We know that our aims are high and holy. We know that the success or failure of these aims will affect the future destinies of the world. There fore it is a, good cause, and it is a great cause ; and we believe it will prosper, for it is God's cause. The first proposition of the total abstainers is : That the immoderate use of alcohol is a gigantic evil, for which some remedy is urgently .required. They allege that for this gigantic evil there is no effective remedy, but the uni versal adoption of the principle of total abstin ence. Their opponents admit the existence of the evil, and that th« adoption of the principle by coniinned drunkards is necessary for core in their case ; but deny that the universal adoption of the principle is a duty incumbent on moderate drinkers, wilh reference generally, either to the cure or to the prevention of the evil They allege that u not the only practical method ol coping with the evil ; that there are other methods equally effective, and that, therefore, it is not necessary— whilst they auert, on the other hand, that the moderate use of alcohol is actually beneficial, and, for the health of some persons, even requisite ; that, therefore, their duty to themselves forbids them to give it up fur the sake of others. The total abstainers reply to these objections — First, that the adop tion of the principle it m doty incumbent on «U, for the purpose of inducing drunkards to take the pledge, by their- example and countenanoe ; second, that no other snooessf ul method has as yet been proved by practical experience ; third, that the most recent and reliable scientific in vestigations have decided that the habitual use of alcohol cannot possibly be beneficial much less necessary, to any one, however much their owniuclinationaandieelings, occasionally backed up by medical advice, may appear to them to point to an opposite conclusion. That, there fore, if it be proved to be a duty to their fellow creatures to give up the use of alcohol, their duty as regards their own health does not for bid them, but, on the contrary, requires them to do so. . . '. Having thus taken a general view of the argu ments on both sides, let as now examine them a little more in detail. Our opponents tell us that they freely admit the evils of excessive drinking, and the necessity for drunkards to take the pledge, because it is the only cure for them. But they assert that it is not necessary as a preventive of the spread of drunkenness, because there are other methods of prevention as efficacious as the universal adoption of the principle of total abstinence. Now, to those who make this averment, 1 would put the ques tion — what are those methods! Some may answer — education, and the elevation of the moral tone of society. Words— idle words! For it is one of the strangest and saddest facts in connection with the vice of drunkenness, that men of the greatest natural talents and the most highly-cultivated intellects, are just as liable to become its bond-slaves as the lowest known type of savage. That fact has been established by abundance of ineontestible evi dence. Therefore, it is simply idle to talk of education ever preventing drunkenness, and I will a-it further occupy your time iu combatting an assertion so opposed to all experience. Equally idle is it to talk of the elevation of the moral tone of society as a reformatory agent in this respect. For the tone of society never will be elevated until drunkenness be abated. But elevation will, sorely follow the abating of drunkenness. Therefore, it most be the effect —it cannot be the cause — of that abatement Another alleged preventive of excessive drink ing 1 lately saw proposed in the Church qf England AUttatger. The writer, like everyone else, admits that total abstinence is necessary for the continued, drunkard; but evidently deems those who advocate the universal adop tion of the principle of total abstinence as little better than oraok-brained enthusiasts, and red hot fanatics, who injure the cause ol true temperance by their wild vagaries. As a more effective and rational preventive, he suggests the formation of societies pledged to abstain from drinking at the ban of public-bouses. Now, this is a well-meant, but weak, attempt tu strike a blow at the absurd drinking customs of the colony, whioli teem to require that men, when they- meet, should instantly ask each other what they will have t But a little jeftec tion will show that no results oould reasonably be looked for from suoh a pledge. For there is nothiog in it to prevent men going to the pri vate parlour of the public- house, where they probably sit down, begin to smoke, and in place of the' single nobbier at the bar, perhaps drink several, on the mutual reciprocity prin ciple. Then they may drink to any extent in private houses.,- In «uch s pledge there is no principle involved' do broad line of demarca tion, limiting action— no vital force to grapple with snob, a formidable foe. It is feeble, vapid, futilu It auras VaMji do power to. say ' No ' boldly. Nor' calf any'moraT progress be looked for from suoh ? sonroa. For alooho) produces the tame effects, physical and moral, whether it be taken into the ayssun at a bar or elsewhere. Therefore, thore is nothing in this pledge which will tend to give an upward direction to the material and moral development of the man— to destroy. his taste for mare sensual indulgence, ?ad fit Urn, through a gradual change in his material organ*, for derivum bis pleasures from purely intellectual and spiritual sources. As a matter of tact, it bas never, as yet proved itsa ? power : and itmavsafelr be Medicated of such a Pledge that it never will prove itself a power. Where, then, are those remedies which render total abstinence unnecessary} If they exist, they ban not, as yet, been discovered. Adi unUl they are, the argument for the universal adoption of the prinoipTa must remain in force. The next objection of our opponents is, that merely because drunkards cannot restnin them selves from excess, moderate drinkers are not bound to give op a habit, which, to most, is harmless— to some beneficial— and to some neonsary. . lhava t-nm seen it asserted that to da to wbold be wrong, inasmuch as it would be to permit the visions to govern the virtuous. Now, to those Who 4m ttus argument, and, at the same time, state openly that; they care for no one but themselves— that they decline to give up any enjoyment, of however low and sensual a nature it may be, in order to confer any benefit, even though it be ?matter of life ?no death, upon, * fellow creature,. I have nothing to say. I confess I have no argu ment with which to attack their position, because they deny the premiss on which my argumaptjonthisc^int isbasfd, Toatwm« JiiiiipSd to IotTow n«g»W *? abstainers, seems to arise in this wav swhen a Keen a drunkard.' But if moderate drinker* wjH jou, also, then that reproach^ be Uken away 0/ course, the drunkard has no right question for the man to consider who loves his Z&T;»&&.-$»V-**t* K» to : _?,.? i. 3 ? ' , '°a w make tms sacrifice wn.ed' by so doing, 1 may become the means under God, of rescuing this man ; and, perW many others, froWrmn anddeath-frouVmW here and hereafter! If he be sincereTIS profession of love, to his neighbour, if he trulv which is the very essence ot Christianity, it is difficult to eee how he can fail to answer in the ^f\ « ^t *5 nseoMBlfthe word of God, he will find that St. Paul answers his question as directly as if it had been put to h?m-' It is good neither to eat flesh nor to drink wine, nor anything whereby thy brother atumbleth, or is offended, or is made weak.' And in another passage, still more characteristic of that spirit oil fervent devotion and chivalrous self-sacrifice which so eminently distinguished the grand apostle of the Gentiles, he unhtsitatingly ex claims : ?? Wherefore if meat make my brother to offend, I will eat no flesh while the worW Btandeth, lest I make my brother to offend.' What an utter absence of all lingering regret for lost luxuries 1 Wtat a noble scorn ofaU the paltry pleasures of Bense 1 He pauses not a moment to mate a cold calculation between the value of a comfort lost, and a brother saved. Can any professing Christian ? This is our position ; and it seems unassailable, except by those who nnblushingly avow the doctrine of unmitigated Belfishnes— unless, indeed, it can be proved that the habitual line of alcohol is ne cessary, or even beneficial to health. Now, I am aware that many very excellent people labour under the impression that it is ; and it astonishing with what pertinacity these people cling to their two or three glasses of wine in the day, really persuading themselves that they are not so much gratifying their appetites, as per orming a needful duty to their constitutions. I have even seen gouty old gentlemen, literally unable to walk, ^and confined to the sofa, drinking their allowance of wine — of course, under medical advice— their loving, and well meaning spouses declaring all the while that it was absolutely necessary to keep up their strength 1 I am well aware that many medical men of high standing, whose motives are above suspicion, take this view of the question. But I trust 1 may be permitted to observe, without [mug offonoe to «uy medical friends— uf -whom 1 have many — that there is no science in a more unsettled state than their'e is at present. It is impossible fur a layman to accept as true an as sertion made by a medical man, merely because the assertor is a medical man ; for the simple reason that the next medical nun he meets, of equal education, and experience, and pretension to infallibility, may inform him that facts are diametrically opposed to such an assertion. The intelligent layman is therefore compelled to decide the question for hiinwlf, by examina ;ion of evidence, and comparison of facts. And I think that anyone who gives the matter a careful and candid consideration, will oome to the conolusion that the habitual use of alcohol is neither neoessary nor beae&oial; for the health of any one ; but the contrary, and that its only true value— which is great — is as a drug, in cer tain oases of fever. To prove this point I will now read some extracts from a work by Pro fessor James Miller, of the Edinburgh Univer sity. Professor Miller stands hieh in the scien tific world, and has devoted much of his time to the study of this subject. With reference to alcohol as food, he says: 'Here is the funda mental and fatal error, men esteeming that to be food and using it as such, which is really not food but' physic. Food, properly so-called, is that which enters the stomach, and is thence absorbed into the general circulation, with the double object of nourishing the body, and p)**?itflip'pijr. its due temperature* Such food meets with a solvent in the natural secre tions of the stomach, and of other organs con nected with the chyle-making apparatus— such as the salivsry-glands, the liver and pancreas ; and besides ? solvent is needful also from with out, holding the food in solution at the time of being taken or swallowed along with it. Now, can alcohol be duly entered here as food, or solvent for food ! Not as the latter, cer tainly. It refuses to act along with the gastric juice.11 'It is a remarkable fact,' says Dr. Dnndas Thomson, ' that alcohol, wbeu added to the digestive tluld, produces a white precipi tate, so that the fluid is no longer capable of digestiogauiinal or vegetable matter.' 'The use of alcoholic stimulants,' say Todd and Bow man, 'retards digestion by coagulating the pepsin (as essential element of the gastric juice), and thereby interfering with its actiou. Were it not that wine and spirits are rapidly absorbed, the introduction of these into the stomach iu ttuy quantity, would be a complete bar to the digestion of the food, as the pepsin would be precipitated from solution as quickly as it was formed by the stomach.' ' Aud, moreover, it is well known,' says Dr. Basuam, ' that spirits completely suspend the action of the gastric fluid/' But if alcohol be no solvent for good food, is it food itself! Let us see. Can it nourish or repair the wute of tissue. Not at all. It contains no sufficient chemical constitu tion for that end ; and besides, as we have seen, it is conveyed unchanged into the blood, and so circulated there until removed by the organs ol excretiou. But it may be alleged that, if not ' food,' it is 'force.' Ou this point, Professor Miller cays, 'There has been a good deal of quiublingabnutthewonis 'food' and -force. The alcobousts having a shrewd suspicioo that they cannot successfully establish their client's claim to rank as food, in the true and coinmon-sense of the term, insist ireatly on its being at least 'foroe:' and that 5 this be not actually the same as food, it is at least its equivalent. But what is foroe T' 'All experience pioyee,' says Liobifc ' that there is in me organism only one source of meohauioal power, and this is the conversion of living tissue into lifeless amor phous compounds.' Bu^ according to the ex oorimeuts of Hammond and others, alcohol, so iar from aooelerabng, tends to retard trans formation of tissue, and aota as ' force' only by. maintaining that change, moderated, more or iesaTlonger than Nature, if left to henelf, would deem fit, or be inclined to do. Or, if it do not retard the change of tissue, it retains the t/Tfle products of such change, and so acts hurtfufly. Alcohol,1 then, has no title what ever to be regarded as food. Its claim to be considered food as an ordinary agent for main taining temperature by -iotra-combastion, is founded on jio jnst or sufficient grounds ; and. if Lallemand'e experiments are true, is, in fact untenable. As to its title to rank as vUai ' force.' this rests only on a fallacy. ' It oannot nourish or give strength ; it can only stimulate. It cannot give working power ; it can only prolong the expenditure uf what you already hive ; and, further, it hampers snd opi-osesyouin getting that store renewed. It is not food in any sense appreciable to Oanuxil sense. Nature can make nothing of it tor her omnfsm : it wiU »-' digest -* tarn, or change in any way. As it is pat in. so it is put out unnriotioable.' One of the popular fallacies rasneetiufi it is, Uiai « « neoessary lor we sup L?rtoftEeold. Miller, after .taring that isuoh atheory is thoroughly at variance with the results of scientific research as regards the body of the old man, proceeds to show its effeots on the mind, in the f oUowing singularly eloquent and touching passage i— 'So muoh for his body —whatrf Us minol That is intended for no adventitious stimulant, such as sloohoL It is evening tide with him, and the light should be ?undued, yet clear. He has aoipunts to settle, his house to set in order s be bas a long way to £0 soon, and he would see clearly, at least, the i uatb's tMginning ; he has, to oommune muoh trjth himself, muoh with those around him, and most of all, with his God. He would be dm aod composed, ss he approaches nearer aud nearer to the solemn interview, face to face, with the yet Uusftsn, but not Unknown, and the Judge of alt And what do you with this 'cordisTr ft- you not rofloot that it has a special action on the biaio,1 exoitiug, yut per njrtine 1. Bousing imsuiuation, with, which the old man has now little to do, for it is sWra reality that is both bwde^ laudbafore Wm^ it k ' the last and great assize ho is hastening to, and imagination has no place there. Diminishing self contol, abating the already enfeebled power K will, and tending to depress all that he would seek to exalt iu hie moral and spiritual nature— unfitting him quite for that ehie pro jmised mounting up with ' wings as an eagle'— that 'running and not being weary1— that :' walking and not being faint.' ... I |iro (test that I know no more painful sight than the old man thue abused, in mistaken kindness ; ihis weak frame shaken and strained under iorced potations, and his mind lapsed into a maundering state, little short of inebriety. And men call this food, cordial, milk, ' the old man's milk V A Btrange perversion of words ! Seeking fish, will ye give him a Berpeqt! Ask ing for bread, will ye give him a stone T' Let it not be supposed, however, that Professor Miller denies that alcohol has its uses, like any other drug in the pharmacopeia, to which he asserts that it ought to be relegated. 'In tlm,' he observes, 'as in other things, the saying of the wise man comes true, ' To everything there is a Bcason, and a time to every purpose under the heaven.' While standing at the bedside of a fever case— urgent, yet doing well under wine —the ship in a terrible sea, yet obeying the ?elm in its every turn, and steering steadily— I have often wished to have a tippler or a drunkard on one side of me, wilh a fanatical teetotaller on the other, in order that I might have the pleasure of saying, 'There, gentlemen, there is a good example of the true uee of wine.' The man is taking a table- spoonful of sherry bvery hour, or every two hours ; or a somewhat larger allowance of claret, or a smaller propor tion of brandy, the form and doee of the alcohol varying to meet the varying phases of the disease ; and at every dose you oan almost see health returning to the otherwise Biuking frame — the cheek less flushed, the skin more cool, the eye more steady and clear, the pulse less frequent and more Btroug, the tongue more moist and clean, the breathing easier, the sen sations all more comfortable.' Be then explains the rationale of these phenomena, into which it is unnecessary to follow him. It is sufficient for us to know that alcohol has its use, but that Omt is contined to a crisis in disease, aud even tbeu only when in skilful hands. But here we have an answer to the objection ? That all things were given us for our use ; and that, therefore, we should habitually use alcobol. We have also had arsenic given, and strychnine, and many other tniiiga, must valuable in lh«ir proper provinces, but most hurtful and fatal wbeu misapplied. In the category of such poisons alone, is alcohol correctly classed. Having thus proved that the habitual use of alcohol is neither, necessary nor beneficial, I shall proceed to show that its tendency is posi tively injurious to health, although its effects may nut always be immediately apparent The records of all arctic explorations, and of all nau tical experiences prove that the human frame can withstand the effects of cold much better without than with the use of . alcohol. Ail. military ex perience confirms that proof. The KuBBian au thorities absolutely interdict the use of alcohol, when troops are about to move during extreme cold, part of the duty of the corporals being to smell carefully the breath of each man on the morning parade, and to turn back from the. march those who have indulged in spirits ; it having been found that such men are peculiarly liable to be frost-bitten and otherwise injured. ' The Hudson's Bay Company have for many years entirely excluded spirits from the fur countries to the north over which they have ex clusive control, to the great improvement ' says Kir John Bichardson, ' of the health and morals of their Canadian servants, and of the Indian tribes.' All military medical experience proves that wonnd heals far more easily when the soldiers have no grog. Our great explorer, Livingstone, has undergone all his fatigues under a tropical sun, without a drop of alcohol. Had he used it, he could never have achieved what he has. For we have hosts uf the most reliable witnesses to prove that so far from alcohol enabling man to endure heat, it pros trates him under it. The gallant Bajah of Sarawak has recorded his conviction of tu,e ne cessity of abstinence in those who would suc cessfully bear up against the danger aud fatigue of such a climate as Borneo. Dr. Jnckeou, a great authority in all matters connected with the hygiene of armies., has leit his reoorU Jhusi ' ' So tarfrum their being calculated to assist the . human body in enduring fatigue, 1 have always found that the stronger liquors were the most enervating, and this m whatever quantity they were consumed.' 'My first voyage was to Jamaica,' says Sir John Kosa, tL.bl., 'where the captain and several of the crew died. Ex cepting that I never drank any spirits, I tnuk do care of myself. 1 exposed myself to the burning sun, slept on deck in the dew, and ate fruit without feeling any bad effect. / never tasted spirit* ; and to tliit alone 1 attribute tiie extraordinary good healtii I en joyed.' The glorious Havelock was a wattr dnuker too, and adds similar testimony. I shall only call one more witness, the racy, laughing philosopher, Sydney Suutli, who wnua thus to. Lady Holland in 1S28 ;— 'Many thanks for your kind anxiety respecting my health. 1 not only was never better, but never hail so well ; indeed I liud 1 have been very ill ail my life, without knowing it. Let me stnte some of the goods arising from abstaining from all fermented liquors. First, sweet sleep: having never known wuat sweet sleep was, 1 sleep line a baby or a ploughboy. ii 1 wake, no needless terror*, no black vuiuns of life, but pleaidiig hupes and pleasing recollections — Holland House, past and to come. If 1 dream, it is not of lions and tigers, but of Easter dues and tithes. Secondly, 1 can lake longer walks, ana mate greater ex ertiuns, without fatigue, iiy buJersMnduig is improved, aud 1 understand political economy. 1 see better without wine aud spectacles than when 1 used both. Only one evil ensues irom it; lain in sacn. extravagant spirits thit I must lose blood, or look out tor suine one that will bore and depress me. Pray, leave off wine.' Assuming, then, ss 1 think I may now do, that 1 have proved that the habitual use of alcohol is noither necessary uor benub'oial to any one, but ou the contrary teuvls to in j urn, the question again pre sents itself — U not every professingObristian at least bound to give up what must now be consi dered as a useless, if not hurtful, sensual grati titication, if by so doing he aids iu resouiug his fellow creatures irom misery here and hereafter t Can he hesitate, after fairly viewing the ques tion? On the one band is the trifiing uleauure . of drinking his beer, or his wine, or, his brandy and-water — a purely selfish and seDSUal plea sure, proved to be uauecoosiry, if not injurious to health, ootheotharis thepurely unselfish, self sacrificing, God- like pleasure of giving up this sensual enjoyment, fortnesakeof the unfortunate victim of drink, by assisting him to shake ofT his fearful chains, and tlius restoring the lost husband to his wife, the father to his children, the prodigal to his father— transforming dous of wretchedness and vice into bright and iiappy homes, swelling the ranks of our useful and prosperous citizens, and diminishing those o our paupers— raising the whole social and moral toue of the community ; and moat important oi all— surely preparing tne way for the reoep tiou of religious truth. For of course it is im possible that the drunkard, whilst ne remains so, can truly become the recipient of lasting religious impressions. Aud although tlie asser tion may be »t.flut received with surprise aud incredulity, it appears to bo more »uii mure satisfactorily proved that the tendency of aloohol, in whatever quantity taken, is to unfit the mind of man for purely spiritual thoughts. Tbe Rev. Dr. Hitohoouk of Amherst College {author of ' Religion and Geology ') testifies that one of tbe mast decided results of his ab staining from wine ,was, the ' power of deter mining with greater accuracy the nature of tb.6 religions emotions,' whilst the Honourable Judge Brewer states, ' Proin experience and observation, I believe that the use of fermented drinks is one of the most potent agencies in paralysing the life of active piety and holy obe dience. ' 'The habit of using any iutoxioating liquor,' says the Bey. Dr. Leonard Woods, tho great American divine, ' tends to inflame all that is depraved and earthly, and to extin guish all that is spiritual and holy. It is a poison to the sonl as well as to the body. It is a truth, though from the mouth of Mohammed, that alcohol is a 'pother of sins.' ' In most Interesting connection with this part of the subject, I will take, the liberty of reading an extract from a letter which I recently received from my highly-gifted «nd intellectual friend, Dr. Henry Madden, whioh is pregnant with matter for deep thought and reflection. It was written by him without any reference to the pnscftt subject -of our consideration, iu the course of si-me remarks on tho materialistic theories of tbe present day. Too direct beariug which it has, thereforu, ou the olfesta of alcoho on the ooittbmed physical and. moral nature of man, is the more valuable as it was undesigned. After expressing his decided dissent from the jiurely materialistic conclusions drawn by some physiologists from recently-discovered facts, he joes on to say: 'Physiologists have proved (tbis is no longer doubtful), that fixed attention fan modify nutrition, and liencc can influence tbe functions, aud tbe secretions of tbe organ so modified. It seems to effect this by estab lishing and confirming nbat may be called a physiological habit, juBt as climatic and other lufluenccB which continuously act, are capable of modifying tbe characters of plants and ani mals. Their nutrition and itsreaults arc influ enced thereby, and a physiological habitiB formed ? Now, if fixed attention modifies nutrition, the brain can be thus modi lied ; and if emotions, couscience, will, &&, are cerebral secretions, they muBt be equally modi fied by what alters the cerebral nutrition. What, then, is the result! Man must be in tlie end what lite iiubilual tenor of his (JutughUt mikes*, him.' A must momentous thought 1 If tbis be true— aud there seems every reason to believe it — how careful should every man be — who is not content to lead a life jof mere sensual indulgence, on a level with the brutes that perish — so tu live t bat his bodily condition shall tend perpetually to raise his intellectual and moral stature — that those phy sical orgaus which surround the mysterious and inscrutable poiut of meeting but ween mind and matter, shall be so modified physically, that bj far as mind does depend upon its tem porary connection with matter, the intellec tual product of . those organs shall be con stantly making a nearer aud neater ap proach to pure intellectuality, and shall be. come more and 'more habitually intellectual, whilst this very physical advance shall again react on the physical organs— action and re action thus jgoiug -'on.' as far as the present im perfection ol our naturj will permit And if Buch an advance towards pure intellectuality be desirable to the mere man of bcieuce and uitellec tualenjqyuieot, of bow much deeperimportis the possibility of such an advance towards pure spirituality to the man who believes that reli gion should be the chief subject of thought and lutejest in life. Can tbe sacrifice of any mere sensual pleasure cost a thought to tbe man who regards tbiB life as being really uiueal — the real being tbe eternal? Can auy true believer in the glorious revelation which God hafl made to. map, hesitate to 'present his body a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable. uDto God, which is his reasonable '.service t' Can he hesitate to cast to the winds the pleasures of, mere sen suality, in order to bring himself, physically and morally, more and more into harmony with the position which he is privili-ged to bold here, as a temple of tbe Holy Ghost, and with that which he hopes to hold in a purer state of ex istence amongst the spirits of just men made perfect? And if a hauit of niicd do indeed modify nutrition, how Bimply can we account, on physiological principles, for tbe Jaalt desxMue Averni— the rapid and steady de terioration of the man whose thoughts are fixed on sensual indulgence — the mind and brain. acting and redacting on each other with tearful effect in a downward direction, se parating him further and further from his God, and bringing him more and more under the do minion ul the spirit of evil 1 Is not even such a possibility enough to make us shrink with shuddering from all contact with that agency which migut bring it about ? X7pun those who value a sound mind in a sound body, upon those who value domestic and social happiness, the public welfare, and the national prosperity, and most of all upon those who value tbe eternal well-being of the souls of their (ellowcrea tures aud themselves. 1 would, in the spirit of a true friend and . brother, most earnestly urge a. calm, candid, and serious consideration of the arguments I have brought forward in support of the universal adoption of the principle of total abstinence. A New Ap flioatioh of Steam to Mtlitabv Pubposbs. — An experiment was made on Fri day week, says the Scotsman, ol July 2, at the Easter Road Barracks by the Edinburgh Militia Artillery, which is noteworthy as probably the first time tlm.heavy guns ot position nave been handled with ease and rapidity without horses, OUlUOc&B;^ — yr fSRspU&QtA.; Bj H1BUW Ol XUtUU son's road steamer, two gnnb of 60 cwt were moved at six miles an hour, and wheeled while moving at that rate in a apace ol eight yards in breadth. They were placed in position with a precision and rapidity that could scarcely be attained by any .uttier. means with guus of an equal weight. Tnis, it may be remarked is the first time thst.Thomsuu'e road steamers have betsu actually applied to heavy artillery. It is extremely probable that they will be largely used in future, in military operations. We understand that a number of these engines are beiug made for tbe British aud Indiau Govern ments, and they will in future probably be in constant use by all civilised aruues. The work will, therefore, be quoted iu future as the com mencement of a new and important application uf steam to warlike purposes. We understand that Mr. Thumson nas offered the loan of engines to transport the guus in charge of our regiment of Militia Artillery to Dalkeith on Tuesday. The value of the appliance can be judged when we etate that these heavy guns oould be brought into action at Dalkuith which is six miles from Edinbnrgh, within an hour and a half alter the order was received to march from Edinburgh. An Awkwibd Predicament.— A French paper relates a thrilling scene wuiuh lately oc curred in a Parisian , mairie. A couple pre sented themselves to be married, the bride about -eighteen yean of years of age, and pos sessed of considerable personal attractions ; the bridegroom an extremely small man, aged forty fire. When the ceremony was couclnded, the door of the hall was burst open, and a woman of gigantic suture, accompanied by a thin dam sel of filteen, burst into the room, and elbowed her way through the semicircle of guests. 'Wretch, scoundrel, thief J' she cried, ad dressing the husband, who turned as white as a Bheet, ' this is how you leave me in the lurch, who have sighed during fifteen years for the day when 1 might call myself your wife 1' Saying this, she seized tbe unhappy man by the coUar and jerked him up under her left arm as though he were a crush hat, taking no notice of his straggles. She then addressed the mayor in a v.iioo of thuudar, 'Do I arrive too late !' 'The marriage is concluded,' replied the mayor, ' ana 1 request you to release M. Augustin, and to retire.' ' Not,' said the giantess, 'without giving his deserts to the villain, who loaves me with this girl here.' ' No, no, the girl is not mine,' replied the little man. He huaf better have remained silent. The giantess frantically raised him in the air, and wliilod him rouud her head. 'Bepeat what you have said,' she shrieked, 'this child, who is as like you as one pea is to another — is she yours or not?' M. Augustin did uot open his mouth. His executioner then seized his nose with her left hand, and wrnng it violently. About this time two of the guests, moved by the entreaties of the bride, attempted to inter fere, but the enraged woman, using tbe bride groom aB a weapon,, and brandishing him at arm's length, charged her opponents with such fnry that she B|-eedily put them to flight. 'Call the police,' cried the mayor. 'You need not give yonrself the trouble,' hoarsely ejaculated the giantess ; I will let go the rascal of my own accord. Here, my beauty,' ad dressing the bride, 'is your little bit of a man. Follow me, Baptistinc,' and so saying, she flung down her victim at the feet of two agents of police, who at that moment appeared at the door. 'I go,' she added, 'but let him ever appear before me on his wife's arm, and I will take him between my thumb and forefinger and mike but ono mouthful of him.' This little incident cast quite a gloom over the assembled guests, and not one dared even to pick the fainting bridegroom from the floor until the last echo oftbe heavy footsteps of the injured fair one had died away in the distance, when they raised him to his feet, and in solemn silence took their departure. The largest . kitchen in the world is in South America, on the river Uruguay, aud is for the manufacture of Liebig'a extraot of meat. The building covers an area of 20,000 square feet. In one hall there arc four meat-cutters, which can dispose of 200 bullocks each per hour. There are twelve i digesters, iu which the meat is boiled by j steam. They hold Altogether H4,0001bs of beet About eighty oxen per hour are actually slaughtered, for this immeuse manufactory of meat extract, 