'EOJIUCA, WEDXESDAY^Jg^E 22;_;1J70. .'0 "What is.a road stoamer, ?, JSvory one knows what a' traction_ engine is, and every one Knows that it has-proved,a;prodigious failure. But.a road steamer isquite. a: different tiling. It is" the niarvdl of tho present day, and it is destined to 'accoinplishjari amazing revolution in our ordinary moans of locomotion.. " The "road steamer can run on--any kihd"of'road. It runs over hard :roads and paved streets'with out jolting, over so't roads'1 without 'sinking, over, muddy roads without slipping; nay, it needs no road at_all>Jbr.it can.run. with equal •ease o ver grass .fields, through, ploughed fields, upon'tce, through'loose san'd/and over frozen , snow," : : Let not the' reader 'suppose that w6* are drawing on., our. imagination. The ;de scription here given'of' the road steamer, is taken from the London TijMSf.and thecapa bilities ,of .this new!andextraordinary loco motive have been .tested, beyond all- manner of question. VVe.Ienrn from the Times that ifc;is' now being'built'for'the most various purposes, both for. home and foreign use$ and is jliein g sent to the remotest localities. It can ascend ■steep inclines with very heavy -loadsj and at a speed of from.eight to ten.miles an hour. In stances ate given in which'a'6 horse power 'engine, weighing G tons, took a load of 34 tons up" an " incline l)f_Tin 18. A 10-hqrse power engine,: weighing' '8tons, drew 32 tons up inclines of 1 in 16. A 3-horse power en gine drew; 13 tons up an incline of 1 in 12, "the ground being so slippery at the time from frost that horses could not keep, their feet." A G-horse power engine is being em ployed in running - from Aberdeen to some mills in the neighborhood, along a road, de scribed as being '• perhaps the worst bit of road in the kingdom, being narrow and tortu ous, and.the gradients for one half of it varv ing from 1 in 9 to 1 in S. Up the incline of 1 in 8 the steamer takes in tow a load of ten tons,".and.it performs its six miles in an hour. The road steamer has been used with the most gratifyingsucccssfor the. purpose of ploughing. An experiment' made at a farm at Liberton, near,Edinburgh, was.most successful. The engino drew two double-furrowed ploughs " without a single hitch, difficulty or impedi ment;'-'- and it is said it-was~eviderit itf could. have as easily drawn three > ploughs • as, .two. The Times' report says, "it went straight from one end 's of ,the field to tho other, then turned far more easily, and in less space, than the horses were doing, and ploughed its way back again, having on its return journey ;to plough up; ac, hill . with - gradients of 1 ia 13. I't was a G-horse power origino, but its strength was greatly in excoss of its work. These engines are in constant use in Leith, where they arc omployed in the streets for. ^drawing, omnibuses, and do not' causo tlic"smallest disturbance of the ordinary street traffic. Road steamers have been run through looso dry sand, over long bods of flinty road metal, and through streams of running water " with as much ease," it is said, ,fas if they had been driving along a. turnpike road." ~ Further than this, the road stoamov " not only travels over roads without tho slightest injury to them, but actually repairs and improves them." " It owes all- its facilities' and its'exemption fi;om the disabilities of other traction engines, says'tlio:Zi"m<2.9, "to one device, as simplo as it is efficacious. The wheels, which are of great width, are surrounded by tires of vulcanised indiarubber. These thick bands of indiarub ber enable the road steamer to float over the surfaoe of >the .,ground without the slightest damage to the road, while they likewise pro tect the machinery from-all concussion." The invontion is now about two years old, and its success" has been' of "t'io most" unqualified character. , There fs little need to point, out how useful tho road'steamer would become in these countries. In the trans:Murray districts consisting entirely of almost level plains, it ■would be invaluable as:;a: means/of convey ance of 'prod^';'dnd';s.ap|)lies '"tb ,-jtfnd 'jfrpin tiiarket. .It.i? not'.to be supposed that it is lLfcely to supersado railways, but in those parts, of ;6he»intaridr' wherb such' works'!canhot be : •constructed 'for "very many years to come, 'they will supply their place in the. merin •time. There can . be no.,doubt when once they liave been introduced into the •tcokjaies they will speedily :,come! into very extensive use, both for heavy traffic 'nnd for tbc conveyance of passengers. -Light eii-;, gines run -over the .plains at the rate of ten miles an tour in defiance of mud and water, and of: every • impediment ' that can'occur at any season of the year, would very quickly, throw the coaches, and bullock ~an"d'' liorso' ■ teams off;the roads along their, line of/route. With such means of locomotion as this -avail . sKe/it is idle and ridiculous to talk of liorso tramways for the Riverine.districts. *In the bush the road steamers will make their own' rroads, and-harden, smooth^ and improve t-liein an every way, by their use. ; Ffj-TUfiEiGENCE ' from-/England and "America has been -received by way of -California, and though only a little •later than that received bythe'lust mail, it>is;in some'respects of con siderable interf6C.! The date of both the Call fornian and English news is the 10th May. it'/informs us that a terrible' drought has ;taken'.plaee in (California, by which the grain 'manner. According to some accounts it will die reduced one-half, and the most sanguine «et .down the Joss at one third "at the least. This will undoubtedly seriously affeot the •breadstuff's market not only i,n these colonics, hut in other parts of the world. It is said that the Fenians have been organising their forees for a descent upon Canada. Tlicy have been holding session in :"New York, but a watchful eye has bean kept on their proceed ings by the American Government, find a '.strong force has been dispatched to guard the •Canadian frontiHrs. A fearful destruction of property,,has been caused by tremendous storms which have swept across the continent of North Amerifia. The second .reading -of Lthe bill to remove the disabilities .of.--women tn vote h:«J been moved in the British House of Commons hy M r Bright, who at the same time presented a petition in its favor containing I 10,000 signatures. 'Hie second reading of the bill, however, was negatived after only a short discussion. A coctempjrnry suggests " that * the ". actual right of voting being .don--' ferred on the wivesaof the electors would,make but little difference, as the husband's vote is often doubtless inftuenced--on' the -wife'mper stiasion." In that view of the.casej we'submit the extension of the suffrage-' tp—the the married ladies would mfako/aVgreat;,i:leal of difference. for every benomct wohiid^havo a dQuble.yote. The amendments to . the- Irish; LandyjDijjjj^vhXch proposed' to "restrir.tT(inm-' pensation ;Jo oufgAing# ^enan|s hps, been, re ■jdcted. As n hatural'jcdnSe^Uence "o'f tlio'i'n • differcnce-wi th"whi"clr~t ll'iTGreelr'G o veTiTmenT has treated the re ce'fl t r;i ssass in a t i o n of British subjectB'by bandits, an expression of'dissatis fnction has been (onvnrdcd (Vom lier Majesty. It is only surprising that some stronger steps havo not,been- taken in the mat or by Uie English Government." French affairs are not in a satisfactory state. The plot to assassinate the Emperor has* been found to .havo been wide spread, and some serious outbreaks' havoy taken • place'in tlie^'capital and other parts of the country in consequence, it is said, of u depression of' wages. On the 9th May a very alarming disturbance took place in Par-isj wliich was,, suppressed.; byj'the were, however, fired upon by tue mob'. The success of the now mail route would seom to bo established,' and' arrangements have been made by which, after August, steamers Iwill; leave San Francisco and Sydney every twenty eight.days, making the .services monthly and alternating with the'P.'anil 0'. Company's line. ! Of a few--live cattlo.-suippec^jfrom the Iliv^r. Plato'to England about ono- ttiird died on tho voyage. This can hardly-bo consideredj to' have been a satisfactory, and decidedly could not have been a profitable speculation. Yet a portion,of tlie English press waxed jubilant over the importation, and began to suggest the practibility of the conveyance of livo cattle to the British markets by..way,of tho Suez' Canal from Australia ! A good deal oL dis cussion on the subject took place ; some per sons entertaining a doubt whothdr such: ah undertaking.1 would succeed as/ weR. -as the South American experiment. As there was nothing to.boast.of:in. that, there was no great probability of its being tried by Australian shippers without a. far better assurance .of a pnyable result. A first attempt at shipment from the Plate: ought not to be regarded as finally condemnatory of tho possibility of in troducing; live cattle from that region into England. Cut. there is a wide difference be tween such a "movement and * the proposal with regard to this country. A diversity of opinion, howevery appears to-have-'existed on tho subject at homo, but a correspondent of tho > Daily xNcms, who hit «tho' nail 'pretty cor rectly on the head, placed such an aspect on tho mooted point, as ought to have put an end to tho controversy, if it did not. Speaking from personal experience, he declares his be lief that tho heat of the Red Sea passage, which in a cattle steamor would last ten or twelve days, would prove certainly fatal to every beast on board, even if any of them: survived tho long rough passage from Mol bourno to Galle, and thence to Aden, a dis tance rof nearly ;7000. miles' There -Is;'not hiuch fear of the question being put to tho test. The same writer takes the News to task for having indulged, in some disparaging re marks with regard to tho Australian preserved meats, and point.3 out that whatever antipathy exists is against the salted meat packed in .tallow, and. not against the Tosh, meat, im ' ported'in hermetically sealed tins.' For tho latter article the demand is in excess of tho supply both in Iiondon and in tho provinces, nearly all that is being at present received | .mercantile navies. In the-face of this un questionable fact, and sotting asido all other considerations; how absurd;does: it; appear to "find people in England gravely arguing tho possibility of;'importing ''cattle}* ;fit: 'for: "tho butchor, alive from the Antipodes !, ! The term balanca of exchange'msans simply the difforenco between the imports and ex-"] ports of two or more countries, and though,; it is not to bo considered as a tost of progross.j or retrogression, still it is the gauge which regulates in a great degree the rates of in terest and discount, and thus tends so far to j 1 equalize .t'ao price of specie throughout tlio nations Should exchange go against Britain/! and bullion have to be exported to meet the >es;ces^,qf imports ov.er;exportB) or.from'having I investments in foreign securities or'the sale of bullion i,tself,. the, Bapkj- of England?-i}Oting< th'e;dr"ain on'fta "'cellfir^, r&ises;'the'rate'of dis count and thus checks the outflow. Betwoon England and Victoria the balance of exchange is always heavily against the latter, and that balance arises not alone from the ordinary. action:ofitradfij ib'utifrom -the interest o'ri the heavy debt due to,England, and likewise from the dividends on Victorian bank stock and other description of property held by .English \- capitalists and.; absentee ^Victorians.-* A'fall in the price of wool prejudicially influences the balance of exchange, and by lessening Vic torian capital, decreases the legitimately available' means' for ^ public-works1 and for .private,oateipise, and thus, tends,to..:create what is now felt-^-a dullness in trade. A colony is naturallyfor many years "a-'debtor to 'the mother country, even as the child is de pendent upon the parent, until increasing years develope its strength and ability. Every •industry established in Victoria, whether it be a woollen manufactory, a paper mill, or a tannery, manifests the vigorous growth of the colony, and increases the general prosperity by retaining and circulating amongst us those funds which would otherwiso be required for payment of foreign imports. Every new inr d us try, every meat preserving .company, aye, and overy gum tree, which enables us to exf port goods in payment of imports, favorably influences our balance of exchange and adds to our national wealth. The.more wo can do for ourselves the less we require from others, and the more wo can sell to foreign countries whether it bo the produce of our soil, the ore ef our mines, or the result of our mechanical skill, the fuller our coffers become. With the moans thus acquired we can raise to ourselves pleasant dwellings, the slab hut gives place to the bi'ick cottage,[tho rude bullock track to the forme 1 r ad, aad the dreary waste becomes a cultivate.! field—all signs of increasing wealth and prosperity. But oven as a farmer in under taking too much, becomes involved in diffi culties through borrowing money to carry on improvements, so a young colony borrowing means to establish public works, tuo often presents a delusive, transitory and ensnaring appsaranco of increasing prosperity. We may have too much of a good thing. We may havo too many Murray river steamers, and too .many rail ways. Tho supply of either may' lie beyond the demand, the difference -'between the two in case of loss being that, loss by the steamers would involve only a lew individuals, whilst loss by tho railways would affect the whole colony. It has to bo torne^ in mind fclmt whether the railways pay work ing expenses or not, the interest duo to Eng lish bondholders-m^ mot, and; thus sail of; Iuslmightrhavo"to.suf£ir~to- gratify-tho-selfish ness;of ,.a sipglo district, ami- to; ,me.ot utterly ctsn^ora'tcd^reQtii^fn'ohts.v ' Tlic success .of Tail way fT'iiT Tflfl " conn triFs). arises from their passinfr'Hl/rotigh dbn'sel^p'cipulatod districts, but the" facility ,of. f}, more rapid locomotion alone, cannot'transfor'nAhe forest into a city,t nor the .barren, .uninhabited; plain, into- culti vated fields and smiling homesteads. No donb.t, the advantages ''derivable from railways hre manifold, but-such,benofits!may be purchased, at an, altogether exorbitant, price, and should /the'colony' be involved'in a heavy debt, and .the. consequent payment, .of-heavy interost, through, toe formationr of' railways or othci public works, then Victoria's position will ro.-, semblo tliat;of an agriculturalist witli-a Ifeavily mortgaged farm.■ '^ ! . .. ANvimportantarinouncemehtlwas made in tho Victorian Government '■GazUle- ''of -Friday i last, which ,is; likely to\bavo tho effect of di verting' the liiverine wooHraf&c; from' Eeliuca to Goolwa,, An alteration .in tho wool rates by railway :s~ notified, wliicb amounts to a a increase on thoso.formerly existing'. This uri looked for change is.causing- much CEeitemsnt i among th'dso interested ifi-tfio river shipping, who foresee in it the comuicncoinent of'a' new era in tho river traiEc.t ' VVool is now being conveyed by steamers at as low a rate as it is possible for them'to run'at1;'so; low in fact that owners assert the' trado does not pay, and all \yha. can -\dp\ sp, ar.o \geftibg\:rid of their vessels as fast as they can. The freights from the Lower Murray and the Murrumbidgee aro about the jsatno to ,Goolwa and' to Echuca, and at the former placo wool can bo imme diately shipped for England ; while, if it is desired that it should lie shipped at Melbourne, it could be convoyed thither by sea from Goolwa for about thirty shillings per ton less than by railway from Echuca at the previous rates ruling on tho line. The raising of the Vic torian railway charges cannot fail then to cause tho owners of steamers and the Riverine wool growers to turn their attention to the< South Australian route. . Tho navigation of tho lower river is safer than that sf the upper portion, and altogether preferable, as the stream is broader, deeper, and clearcr of ob structions below the junction of the Murrtim bidgoo than above it. No steamer would run up the Murray from that point, if it had the option of proceeding downwards, oxcopt when the river is very high. And, in short, wo. umio^p we are correot in stating tunc as tar ns tho masters of steamers are concerned, tlie South Australian trade is. considered by far the more desirable.. Tho squnttors located on the Lower Murray, and its tributaries will not bo slow to fall in with their views-when tlioy find that their pockets will be benefitted by doing so; and wo'may expect,.'as a.natural result of tho raising of the wool rates by tho Victorian Government, that the great trade which South Australia has striven hard to attract lo her own ports, will shortly bo driven into her hands, and onco having secured it, sho may defy all attempts to wrest it from her clutches. By whichever route tho bulk of tho Riverine§.vool may be taken for shipment, tho Riverine supplies will also find their way from the sea,board.; A great falling off in tho" goods tr.iiEc on the Melbourne and--Murray line mus,t bo the consequence, and although ' wool may still" go to Melbourne and merchan dize still : be obtained thorfe for the river dis tricts, in no inconsiderable .quantities,,it is very questionable whether tho-*longrlalliod 'of ■and'much- vauntedt connection : between Vic toria and, Riverina will^not eventually bo very severely shaken, . We received tho following itms of intelligence 'by'toiegraib - just evening from Melbourne':—In -tho legislative Assembly thd' Bill for tho abolition 'of Stal'd-aid to 'Holi^ion has l>een; iead a. tbird 1 time. '*1 Tho R'duoatfon Vote.was lind.er discussion at tho time the tqhgraph closed,' and 'there ap [:oared to be _ every probability it would bd oVrriedl-11 A7pd'ilioatiy l&te.;'of Sandhurst, of tlio name of 'Qallngtian, 'his'; been'binmitted for trial fqr fraudulent' insolvency. The1 body of' tlie un• fortunate Mons. U'Alouatel has not yet boon dis covered. Wtlsou, the m.aa ,who charged Mr Coue, M.L.A., withfrdiid i'a^ooii'neoiion with tho land .department, was brought tip at'the ,Cit-,y Police Court, etnd' 'bound' over'to fce.op the pease.* ' Tlie Tn'er'-nMon-al Conference, ;has, hell its seeoud meeting. 1 ' - 1 -iK * ' '' I The weather still continues heavily wet, and farming operations in this neighborhood are al lmost: entirely, suspended.:The rivers and cretefca are all in iljnd. The Murra)' is rising very ra pidly, the Campaspe is coming'-down very fast, and the Goulburn is bank high. .... • Oii-Saturday evonirig "after1 darlc'a' number of men at the/Meat: Preserving Company's works were amusing themselves at B.imc game on .t!ie~ banks-of the- Murray, when aydiing'ttSlldw' of tlfo name of Macnamira,.- being pursued in sport, jumped iuto the s'.ream with the, whole of liis olothes and ' boots on and Btruor out for the opposite baik. ! He swam well to within a short distance of the other, side, and was then lost sight of. Tho impression among those who wit nessed the occurrence is that • he was drowned. Search has been' made fnr him by tho polioe, but without any. Buocesa,: The Murray is now very wide, and it would be simply an aot of madness for the strongest swimmer ta attempt to oross it ■without divesting himself of his olothes. Ther-i i3 a possibility that~ila"onamara may havo got across and gone off to soma plaoe at a distance, but it appears to bo a very slight one. -■ • 1 he following now inBolvcnoy is- announcod": — Samuel. Child,, of Eohaca, :draper's assistant. -Pebts, £231 93 ; .assets, £6'; deficiency, £225 9a. OlEoial assignee, Air Goodman; attorney, Mr :Wrixon. ' * ' | A pnblio meeting was held on Saturday in the Court House, Moiima, for the.purpose of taking into oonsidoraii in vari us matters in reference to the present position and future progress of tho 'public sohool in that town. The oh'air was ocoi pied by Mr Maunsell, P.M. 'Tlio meeting was unanimous in deoiding that immediate steps be takon towards raising tunde for the bui'.ding of a sohool-house and teacher's residence. A subscript tion list was opened, and ;i s.um of £60, sub scribed, partly paid, and "partly guaranteed. It was also resolved to appoint a collector, treasurer, and secretary, for. carrying out the work forth with. Tho woman Kliza Maokay, who was remanded from Echuoa to Moama last week, was brought up bafore the pglioe magistrate, and sentenced on two ssparate charges to an- aaoutnulalivo senienco of three months in Denilicjuin gaol. The Colonial Secretary, Mr Cowper, and Mr Samuels, the Treasurer of New South "WaleB, together with Mr Jennings, are expected to visit Moama during the week. We would suggest to to tho Moamaitofi to make tho moat of bo fttvorablu un opportunity for pressing their claims, which, to judge by the state of the road9 yin their locality sud other indications of neglec% raust bo urffbivt, inrieeili'' j; _?(; <• » ' ;'We regret to have lo recofd the death of a;very; olti 1 resident of;j§oliuoa antl tMoatna, Mr-fHarvojy of the/l^ino,JIotejl, atvthpil^lter plnoo. ffe w»s.' Echuori. as a saddler and harness mahor, which ho gave up for tho hotel business in which ho has been for a long 'time>.Gnjfygod. Ho has boon ailing for tho last Jwcuit.(.bTflQ.yjeara. .JIa.dicuL.ycatorday—evening ^aj hig rpiidenoo at Moama. ■'-'•Mr taWnsoll, police magistrate at Moama, has -boen-- appoTOtBd"erowrrA"P7ffa1^~o7""iruliK " Tenders"'aro'itwiled until-' Jnno 28 for thc con \- vcyatice from Melbourne to Ilay of the cast-iron jiyorl? ijorythtf bridgo ov.Cr^thd'SjlptTUinljiagoe., A oomditteo meeting,o.f tho Rahuca Slaughter ing Company was held''yesterday at the Com-; meroialyllotol.• V;Mr'Jtfutchur'4 iiarrid was!lidded1'to; those of tho provisional direotory, Tho fiioeting resolved that;,a d^putatioii. cunfciatiiig.'of Messrs Wylie, Itadman and,Butcher,; should proofed «t once to'Mdbourn'p, for th.^ propose, .o.f waiting on the Commissioner'^of'Railways' in-order toasoe'r^ tain from liim deli; itely w.ha.t,facilities the depart ment intahdvextlendingitfKtKo company. 1 1 • The Bnllarat Meat :Pmorvirig Company, have published .UVeir.Vprospectiis;: ' • The capita;! is .10 ba.£20,000, in 4,000 sherds,o,f.;£.5.-etich, with power 10 incr.e;iS9Vtho oipital to £30,000 byi the issue of 2,00b new shares at ,£5 each. Ail th'e : naroeson the provisional committee are .- men of 'i- fiiieircq. ' IHs isiiiri^ldd. that by tlio expendi ture' of' another £1,000- oil "the present promisoo, 80,000lb of meat oan be cured per weok. .. The 3^orth{,Eastern Railway, .ooptraotors' are igettitig evorthiog''ia order-for t'lio-prb{)er'pr6secu tio-J of their large controot, A 8eries of total abstinsnco..m.eo'.ing3 will, wo aro irtformbJ, be hold in' ICohuoa,' the first of which will take place.vto. mi,rrow evening in the Wes Jeyw>,^clioiilroom. Friday's Gazette -requests tho following persons to call at the Receipt and.Pay Office, Sandhurst, for paymentof their accomts:—W. liartholooiew, T.Corven, If, Engelbert, J. Gleeso,%J.dlall, and' W. W. Moore. At a meeting, of; tho Loyal Echuca Lodge,' M.U.jI.O.O/FV, hold' lust ovoning in the Masoni'o' llall, the following officers were duty installed for the ensuing half-year:—Wiiliara-GouoHo, Grand Master ;• —Molloy, Noblo Grand ;'and WY fl. Jones, Secretary, "Wo have been furnished by the sccrctary of the Vvstoriati Railways with tho following return for the week ending lG:h of ' June Pasaoneers, 14,602, £269S 7s 8 1; mails, rents, &c.;, £128 2a Gd ; parcols, &o.;, £221 10s 81; horses, carriages, d"gs, &«., £56 3a Id ; goods and minerals, £5179 12s 8d; cattle, £480 12s 6d, Total for tho week, £8,7G9 9s Id. Corresponding _weck •in 1869, £11,739 19s 21. , •' A gentleman weather bound on tlie frontiers of Vietori i. anil New South Wales; and having bo fors him a journey' to the Upper Ihrliug, having taken to writing poetry, requests us to publish | the following, as one of. the results of bis dally-: ings with the Muse : — Away with your rosebuds and lily/whitc r.; i! { :llowors'; v. " < f) J .'l-li. A 1*1 ' - Oh I give me the dark eye in Nature's green bowers ; , i i And give mo tho straight limb, that bounds light arid free,— Tho'Maid of the Forest, tho TSushgirl for mo. Far, far in. tho green.goods; 'mong sun, shade, and flowers, 1 The glad child of, • Nature spends, gaily • tlio hours, . Where mirth; and where laughter y .u always will bear; " ~ ' ' Whero ; ure j*»y is never profaned by a tear. Whoro winds whisper giully through vistas of trres, And soft is tho kiss of ihe mid-rummer breezf, And perfumes are wafted from all the BWeot llouora For . mo and, my darling in Nature's green bowcra.—Sjjiion M'Keuzie, ivi.A. Mr M'Konzin perhaps f::ele that " Absenoo makes th:) heart grow fonder,-' but we should rather bo' disposed in this caso toythinlc V 'Tis distance lends onaliantment to lhe view," . A bu'oher naraod Chn'rios O'Noill was sentenced to death.on Saturday ,ai (the Molbourno Criminal Sessions for rapo mi a girl named Annie Wallace, .about 15 years of,ago. The prisoner is a married man, with a wifo and family, and the girl resided near his shop at Phillipntown. it appears .it is doubtful whether the' sentoneo will bo. cairiod out. Tho ten Dii'ib race between Higgin3 and Austin came t.fF on tho Melbourne priokot ground on Saturday, Tho former was tho winner by fully a hundred yards. Time, oup;hour seven and a half (minutC3 for the tin tniles. Tho oas.e with which the " Planters' Friend " is :cultivated (saysutho S. M.'; Herald) ifcKo' r&piflity; with whioh it grows, and tho profitable use that may bo mado of it,' in the.feeding of stock, recom mend it strongly to notice. ..itconies to perfec tion in five mouths, and, fOrrthis reason, might be used in the cane :districts 'a's an interval orop— spreading the ohanocs pf the,.prear over, a large area';' and affording wcrk.tb'iiieri a!nd"machinery. At.Vioksburg the.irequentera of-saloons are not asked what beverage they, prefer, fcut aro invitoa to nominate j'ouc family disturbance. : ; 1 •' ! • :> • , ■ ; Y W.'•>-/. ?£.'! -Uiry ' Tha principal osculation of the "girl ofjthe period1.' is said to'to^sit at, the ,window and watoh forvtKo'' oonliDg'm'an."'' The Akola corresporiderit'of tho Deccan Herald (M.jy. 9r8ayi':^Ishav6! three • tr'ajjofiiod.fo'iell of, which although it. is^ yearly a month Eiuoo they occurred, have not, I.beliove, been mado known in Bombay,; Two of thornf.were.. oases of jO.hi'dren mur lered. for their. ornamenta, one at Bassoin, and tho other (in whieh tho number of viotims wns two) at Balpoor,.pnly sixteen miles from this. These catos are remarkable fiom tho extreme youth of the murderers, and from!tho smtill.value of tho coveted ornaments, wsioh in neither case were worth more thaii o'igbt"'or ten rupees. At Basscin, also, tylr Hobson, of tho Revenue Survey, was very nearly stabbed", tho knifo" employed having out up bis coat.. The man who attempted to murder him had been bribed to do so by an> outlaw who escaped l»st> August; from tho Akola gaol, where he was undergoing a seu'cnco of ton years' penal servitude. Three others got out with him, but one of them returnod to his comfortable quarters . within a . fow days,.. Tho other-tlireo haye. bi.fllad.all tho c-H'orfs of thei police.torec^p ' tare" them. Two of them havo not been hoard of siuco their escape ; but ,the third is going about the country armed to the''teeth, and declaring thafc.-he.will> kill every European ho mceljSiwith. . The Pastoral Times says, " the Colonial Secre tary (Mr Cowper) will soon be at Melbourne to attend' the inteiobloniat :'obhferonce' there. He will yisit Echuca and Moama,.and„tho site for.the bridge o ver tho Murray wilr then probably be fixed. Thexmoney;'is waiting" in Sydney to be. used," and the'work is forthwith" to bo" comfriehded' —so factsjaro:reprbsented;to lisV/HMKCowper will ho mot by our honjnomber, Mr Jennings, at Moama, and wo are aiked to send some .one from Doniliquiri :with';-UrrJeninnesfuVai^?a^*>11, No time Bhould-be lost'in ^elebtirig' iome gentle man to go with. My Jennings on this important mission, nnd wo. therefore, at the request of somo influential townspeople1 (when tho railway ques tion might be considered at the same time), in vitea meeting onJthi.B.subjeot.at thoJtoyal. Hotel, I)eniliquin, on Monday next, at eight p.m. There onght to be'a good meeting^ as the'future of the town would necessarily depend, upon this railway being constructed 'forthwith. ■ ~v Mr Henry Shiell, coroner,for.tha oity of Syd ney, fusuishes-to tho A ustraliau Medical Gazette tho following particulars of the coroners* inquests I held in. Sydney and its suburbs—containing a ' pppulatiou of about 120,OOO' perBonB—during the 11 * ' years 1868 and 1869;.Jj We number of inquests iioUrin'18G8 was lSS.jfhe number of post mortem examinations being ,47.-^:1 ti 1869 the number of Ihquesfsjwas lr60,TaEl*di the post mortem examina tions 49)1. T^esVrethrns show an average of ]7S iriqmats'pej; a,nnuij}^ ',f6r tho two years, being at • tits'rate5 of SJ'Ji.nquests per-.woek. Tost moricm examinations woremado only in about one-fourth of the nurabor of inquests, 'J hero was nearly ono inquest to every 700 inhabitants, hi Sydnoy Jhq„c.ODJaQc_ia-Xci!iUJicxatedL_hy..ji JLsed - salary, instead of "by foos ; tbero js. therefore no tempta tion to hoi J unnecessary 'ififynests'.- Both tho -ktwr-nnd-Uiti •spiri-fc;of--the-l-!ivf~nro-«bseTTEtl by tho coroner:for ;thu,.eitjr.-1pf;<-Sydney, tho nearest mcdioal paactitioncr' being invariably .employed to give ovidoiiop apd.raakopost mort.m examina tions wh'c-rt JrCqmrdil,: ih''all oases where the dcoascd person;-has';not been attended by any legally qualified incdical practitioner. . A gentleman writing'-,from Edon, Twofpld Bay, on 11th June,'sa.ys:=-"Somo men who have been .lately on to Tallaborga Island,-near'.G&bojlsland;, report that a great .number of human' skeletons are;: soattor^d ;over; thef islaad, ;the .;unburied earthly..remains..of.;the-.persons ;who, lost their liv.es;at, the ^'wrecking ;of , tho ;8hip< Monumental City."; vi;:: t-i .o. ... A fow years ngo-ii was customary in Singleton (fluurcriDistriot,' N'S.AV:) >to'distribute a few blankets,• on ;tho (lucent Birthday,'. anions tho .aboriginal . tribes existing ■iu'/tho'. neighborhood. Tho local paper Bays that this humane custom lias been discontinued for. several years past in Sin gleton, for what , reason ' wo oannot satisfactorily ascertain, but one reiison. given is, that the true Hunter tribe have a 1 died out or boen extirpated, and that we liavb, nothing to do with the dis trCESid croaturbs':that belong to any of t o neighboring tribes, .who'seem to cling with focd ! n(ss to even the skirts of Singleton. It is a sad s'tiht to witness, the. ^flattered rcmn;mt of the aborigines ;wa'ndcrihg .cold and; naked through that country.which was originally thi-ir own, and in which they 'ban not even, legally claim a grave. Th'oy are actually festering on tho land. A few years ago the Pat'ersori blaoks numbered somo hundreds to their, clan ; but now they have dyvindjed'down "to Va mere fraction. Cold and hiingor and disease are gradually, rooting out the "poor biaekfellow." Iu New S"uth Wales (hero arc no " Protectorate ctationa" maintained for them as there is in. "V^ictorii; nay,' it is to bo feared the prfsent Government even dthy thorn a blanket. Y/c'often sco these poor crea'iurcs pass ieg through bingletou—cold, naked, hungry, and weary. .Thc^march^.qr. oiviliaation h.s torn up their hunting grounds,"and the ploughsharo has proved ro them all but annihilation. Surely the Ministry might afford them a blanket to cover their nakodness, and to protect thtm from tho dud. . • The following obituary notice appeared in tho Pastoral Times of Saturday last: - "Charley Wombee.—On Sunday, the 12th instant, at Bar- ratta, Charley Wombee, King of Mattengutten, a man, although thought to be an ignorant savage, was possessed of good qualities, thoroughly honest and straightforward in all dealings, and one to whom, it is hoped, God will say at the Judgment Day—Thou good and trusty servant, enter thou into the Kingdom of Heaven. He was followed to the grave by the whole family of the proprietor of the station, thereby proving the estimation they held him in whilst living." The Times has the following paragraph on the subject:- "The sable King of Mattengutten died and was buried at Baratta on Sunday last, amidst the sorrows of the whites of the station, all of whom, from the ladies of Baratta household to the humblest em- ployee attended the poor king's funeral. The King of Mattengutten was thoroughly honest and straightforward - virtues not always found even in kings if Thackery was true in his lectures on the four Georges, but King Muttengutten had many of the higher virtues of the white, and none of the failings of the blacks." It is said of the lato Rev. Charles Towr.sond, reotof of King^'on-b'-Sea, that o!:o°, whenthioV:s onterqdthe rectory, taking orcrythlng 'of vuhio thoy could li :d, Ho found oolaoe iu the following epigram :— V They came anil prigg'd my stockings, my linen and • • my store; ' ISut thoy couldn't prig my sermons, for they; wore prigg'd beioro. . . . . ; • . : . : Saturday's Kyneton Guardian says :—" Em- ployment in Kyneton and its neighborhood is at present, and has been for some time, very abun- dant. In addition to the full employment of the mechanics ordinarily resident in the town, there are about twenty artisans, chiefly in the building trades, from Castlemaine and elsewhere, who for some months have found constant work. The potato digging season is now nearly over, and if reliance is to be put upon farmers' statements, several crops have suffered from the difficulty of obtaining men. The wages at this occupation current have been 12s to 18s per ton, according to the plentifulness of the crop. We have been also assured that it is next to impossible to got men to split firewood in the bush, although 3s to 3s 6d per ton is offered." ''Father Gritry, 'tho • di?e'otor : of tile' French Academy, is notoriously * an absent- man. Ono day in, going to s the Soi bonne, where ho was giving lcotares on theology, ho. fascied that bo had forgotten his watch, and then drew it out of his.fob to. see if h.e had time.to fetch it,..which, in fact; he'went*to do. -/ Tho ships named tc compose the flying .squad ron" to bo/ commisionei in',August, next are.tho Narcissus * 35, Glacgow 28," arid" Aurora 35. frigates; :tKo'Yol'ago'8,''-Briton 10,!ahd: •Woivor ino, 17,- corvettes. : , The destrnciicn of infant life in. the various cruntriesof Europe by the ngehoy of publio in stitutions, as well as by the ignorance and neglect of demoralised parents (observes the S. M. Herald) h .s awakoned recently gicat attention, and created ranoh concern. As may borassumed, those who perish born out of wedlock are more numerous, in proportion'than children whopoissess •the usual family relation. : Great numbers of these, are stillborn. • According to a statement from the Minister of Agriculture and Commer'sc in France, during eight years from 1858 to 1805, of 100 legitimate children under ono year sixteen died, and of 100 natural children thirty-two died; that is to say double.. , The proportions of. legiti mate to illegitimate in' the various countribs' cf Europo singularly vary. ,.The los3 of life is often indeed frightful."; Out 'of 'those1' who fell under the public care.'Trom lS39 to :185S,the mortality was 58 in thc-100—that is to say more than ono half of that olass of ohildren bnrno -in-the De partment of- the Seine (Parit). - The .'proportion is now diminished;' In:18G4;there wore39'ih'100. A groat improvement has resulted from pending children to tho cour.tiy, thus soparatiagi'tftem from the sick, by whioh the loss has boen brought down to 30 in 100 from,18Ga to 18C8. The deaths in foundlings amounted to 9 in, 10. And it is re marked that over the receptacle of these ohildren •the proper iv.sorip'.ion shc\i\4 tie/*' Here they kill ohildrenatthe .ooht of._the. State. Lilt; is. .stated Uthat iiSergeantf iMoritford) 'for hiB conduct in the-.air est of^.Puwer, tho bush ranger, is to 'b3 promoted to a sub-inspeotor sbip.,?v.,,nT«r- y{VVH'H?r jn.'T The 'Leicester Chronielo aridl Mercury has the following.:—IPfurther'prbb^ werei;needed of tho '.n'eoes8ity< for the extension- of ed'uoatiori, it-may bo ,gathered from- lho;!faot -:that Leceister sufficient' ignorance i'lirevails 'nn^ongst ■ certain classes of-th'e inhabitants to'induce-them to.b lieve that the%ho9t of a young'woiriarij.who was fonnd dead in'- a-pasture'a .sh "ft time'sj^o, appears nightly-near the spot' wliere-she met!lifer death. So widespread has been the belief in this absurd story, especially-amongst young persons, that last Saturday nighb a( eonaidorable-^number of peoplo visited''th& 'spot, "arid lingered' in'the neighborhood for sorao time; .a constant flnv of persons two and from tho spot taking place dnring tho whole nig t. Tho only Bornblanoe' to a ghost that presonted itsolf. to th'eao individuals who thus doprived thcraselvos. ofw th(yr_,nij{hl's vraB tbo appearance»f a whits fien-p. owning along tho-canal'-'side—(he approaoh of' which oansed muoli alarm to : ho my ;e timorous of the 1 crowd,1 many of whora-ited before it'aiid ran home', firmly convinced that they had indeed '"seen a ghoBt.'V Tphoro were, .;Iwwovcr, among the crowd thos'o 'wh'o weh^not' to'bo Vd easily unnorvedf . They,prepared--to • enoovntpr,:tho \unearthly visi 'tant, who approached slowly, hut Ruroly, nearer to :thq"sp,ot:t hey_ocoupialr^near tho gate leading into"the town. Their oourngo was suitably rc , ^arded»v.,'sI;hoyihad'.tho hop'pr of, bearing home to their neighbors tho startling int»lliganco that they, had Bepn,-iu\thd.yekd'pf the night—no ir the spot. where this poor girl had falion into the oanalrr^ not ,tliO:girl—but really .and truly, a -white figure '■—7a millerj. cov.ered /with the trades of'bis oalliiigjr coming homo from work I : i.V : /y,! s; I 1 '"W"? aro; .requestCjdto'; ciill attention to the sale* by a'lietiori'to-day by Messrs Stiaclselt and Co., of ,'.the prop«ty;of ;Mr Tovfle, at . the corner of High and Hey garth streets. ' Tho salo will commenco. at half-paat two, at tho Commercial Hotel,: 