OiiAPTEK XXXVri. -VENUS FAREWELL. Tho window wa« opon ; tho rich odours of tho flowers oxhalod on tho ovoning ah', and tho roso-tintcd wostorn lights, molting into tho doop Bky of tho coming night, inspired that luxurious melancholy which is, for tho young, tho pootic foreshadowing of tho sorrows of lifo. Kachel, leaning against tho sido of tho window, looked out upon those fading pilos of cloud that crowned tho solemn landscape, and oxperionced the influence of tho hour and tho sceno. From undor the boughs of tho ancient clump of trees that stands nearest to tho house emerged a figuro, and slowly approached the -window at which she sat. "Only I, Miss Kachel ; only I, your old tutor," said tho well-known voico of Carmel Sherlock. "Oh ! Mr. Sherlock !" she said kindly. " It is a long time, Mis3 Rachel, since we read French, and'Gorman, and Italian." " Yes, very long ; but you have been so busy."* " A long interruption, Miss Kachel." " Too long-a great deal," she said. " All goes on and on, Miss Raohol ; and that time sickened and died, and a new time has come ; and that, too, will die, and be succeeded by another, and another ; the first perishes, thero is no unkuitting the fruit, and expanding it into the flower again j there is no folding tho flower, and shutting it up in the Boed again. Nature makes no stop baok-nover looks over her shoulder- never." " Well, shan't wo resumo our Italian soon? wo rmrat begin again-soon-very soon," she said "No ; not soon-never," ho said, very sadly. "Never! Why?" asked Kachel. " You seo, Miss Kachel, they all behove, ono way or another, in that palin- gono3is ; for -my part I can't believe but that, somehow, I shall see tho light again, and see my love again. Petrarch mot, I think, his Laura when ho diod. How beautiful thoso limo-trees aro where I read ' lasso,' long ago, to you, whon you were a little thing. I lovo these solitudes, and when I die, I'll como-yc3, I'll como again-not to bo seon-only to wander hero by tho old limes, where I read ' Tasso ' long ago. Or at Wynderfel, whoro sympathy grows among tho brambles and ivy tondrils, and tho wind among tho high gables has a pitying sound, whoro I may chanco to meet that poor lady who died for her love ; and I would tell her-my God !-all my misery. Tho sordid idol !" She listened to this rhapsody, as she had to others from tho lips of the same strange prophet, not under standing, only in kindness. His lonely habits had taught him quito to dispense with dialogue, and his spokon meditation flowed on " That was hor girlish thought-to die. Yes, onco worshipped, always a divinity-always. Break tho poor heart-that was tho shrine Shatter tho brain, whoro tho imago alwayB stands in light ; it is so only that lovo can break tho idol, and extinguish tho tapera of a vain \v0r3hip. I hoar that scream- sometimes-so far away-at night ! Yes, indeed, by Heaven I did! like ono Mild note of distant music-the past and future in it. I've stood a whole night at tho window, listen ing. It hardly lasts whilo you could count ten throbs of your pulse-swelling on and on, louder and louder, still it stops in silonco. That one noto is a concert from Paradiso and Tartarus ; it fills a whole night, to a man who will think ; the hours fly so swiftly after it, pursuing liko seas to drown it. Naturo hastens to hido it away; tho morning comos boforo I am aware." Cai mel looked with a despairing oyo over tho wido landscape toward tho disappearing glow of sunset, as you might fancy a shipwrecked man upon a lonely raft gazing toward the fading light in tho spaco of ocean. " "What a pity! Love does not meet lovo in this world: follows a phantom and unreal voices, and, .finding itself alone, dies. A hard case it is. Lovo crosses love, like ships at sea, oach on a different errand, over tho wasto of lifo, the narrow horizon coming up and disappearing. Miss Kachel, it is terri ble ; the affections all so minute and intense, and nature and time so vast and vague-all lovo so indivi dual ; it may be never, in the revolution of time and tho changes of worlds, nover to meet again. You need not tell mo ; I toll myself. I know it ; it is unreal. I have created it ; but it is irrevocable-an irreparable mistake. I have found it out, but am none the bettor. Satan has come, and I have tasted of knowledge ; and so-forth from Paradiso forever. Tho wide world ; tho dark night ! Little Miss Kachel, with tho golden hair, how long it seoms since I taught you to write 1 I. don't blamo you ; I never did. It is nature that is cruel-kind, but also cruel. The bird xviii fly-naturo is vigorous-the bird will fly ! All pain, and pleasure, and illusion, come to an end. Instinct, tho inspira tion of our birth, alone inflexible. God whispered to each creature when he made it, and God is immutable." Oarmel looked down, and up, and stamped upon the ground. " The hoary Satan j-tho old dragon !-with poison ous tongue and golden Beales, lying under this moon awhile, basking and panting in a gluttonous dream. The reptile !-the murderer ! There is a spear of light for him. The sun sholl be darkened, and tho moon turned into blood. When he moves, tho skin of tho earth quivers. The elements that gave him birth abhor him. But my hand I hold palm upward. My robe is wMto. The megatherium, mastodon, mammoth, are extinct. Leave, the monstrous generations to the vindicator, Death. Out of tho castle I go, and closo the gate after me ; into the night, the forest, the waste -never to look baok-only hoping for somo spot where a wornout man may die ! Tho journey-tho descent ! and oh ! at last, tho fountain of forgetfulness, and the sleep of death. I hope. Miss Kachel, I have not boen ungrateful-that is, quite unprofitable." " Unprofitable ! no one was ever kinder or more useful," she answered. " That is all," ho said, sadly. "And if you were to leave us, I reaUy don't know how papa could manage without you ; and as for me, almost everything I know I have learned from you my kind teachor." "Ah! yes, tho Italian-the French; theso will go on, and she will romomber, and sometimes say, I learned these from that poor Oarmel Sherlock, who wont away, and was heard of no moro." " No ; I will say I learned them from that kind Mr. Sherlock who would not go away, because ho knew it would make us all sony ; who Btayod with us, and is with us stiU, and will never leave Baby." Sherlock with both hands leaned on the window stone, as a drowning man might cling to a rook, and she thought he looked steadfastly in her face. She could not see his features distinctly in the deep shadow, but it seemed to her that he was weeping. Her heart bled with compassion for the kind crea ture who had been so gentle with her through aU the inattention and waywardness of her childish years, and she wondered how ono who novor gave a momont's pain to others" should inflict so much, and, ns it scorned to her, so causelessly, upon himsolf. " I'm going, Miss Kachol ; I've como to say farowoll. I'll loavo Kaby perhaps to-night ; perhaps in tho morn ing ; but PB soe you no moro." " ReaUy !" exclaimed sho, in a'kind of consternation. "Really, miss-if thoro should be such a word as real where all is a dream. So, Miss Rachel, good-byo. " No, I'll not say good-bye," said sho ; " and you shan't go-good, kind Oarmel. I don't think I should know Raby without you : so, good-byo it shall not bo. " Well, miss, what will you say?" " I'll say good night, as usual." "Very well, miss," and he held out his hand tuuidly. Sho gave him hers. " It will do ; yos, bettor. Good night, Miss Rachel ; for night it xviii be." Ho hurriedly kissed her hand, and repeated faintly, "Good-night!" and ho walked quickly axvay along that front of tho old house, and xvas lost to her sight, beforo she had quito recovered from the surprise of tho strange familiarity, if anything so sad and timid could be so called, of his parting salutation. "Poor Carmel ! is he really going? And so grievod; ho seoms quito hoart- brokon. Has ho heard ftur vory bad noxvs from his people at homo ? Sxxroly ho ought to tell us ; papa may be of usc, and advise him ; and he ought to know that wo uB fool for him, and with him, in all his troubles." So sho murmured to herself, as, leaning from the window, she looked after the disappearing figure of, ' Carmel Sherlock. ? He walked round the two sides of the house, and by the small projecting tower, I may call it, in which his quaint apartment lay. «'"What an oddity-poor old Carmel!" said she, ?with a littlo shrug and a Birnie, as he disappeared. " Spirit of light and beauty ! " said ho, with a moan. " Henceforward for me, the long, dark whiter of the north ! The hours of flowers and of light I shall see no moro." TJp and around he looked ; ho was taking leave of everything that night. Tho front of tho house, with tho hall-door, and tho winged demi-griffins keeping guard, with fierce crooked beaks, and talons, and expanded wings, were all in deep shadow by this tune. He stood upon the steps - the door partly opened. " What is tho meaning of those things? " pondored Carmel Sherlock, whoso mind, Uko all others too strongly infused with fancy, was easily and powerfully diverted by any other object that invited for tho niomont his imagination. " Those griffins, whick her aldry has found-not oreatod ; the eaglo, tho lion-a combination whose origin goes back into mystery ; an Assyrian image, proceeding, perhaps, from visions. What is its meaning-what is its force ? What latont power and action on this world of Bpirits ? Soo hero ! this great family of Shadwell-the Shadwells of Wyn derfel; all through tho County History growing greater and greater till they carno hero, and passed in and out between theso carved dreams. Not a breath not a sound-enters tho door but through them ; and how have they dwindled over since ! wane and waste ! peak and pine ! Ha ! what's that?" "Well ! what is it ?" said Shadwell, surlily, who had nearly roached tho door- steps unperceived, on his return. " Perhaps it's I ; will- you allow mo to got by ?" "I saw it, sir !" " What did you seo ?" demanded Mark. " I swear I saw it pass and enter tho house !" "Supposo wo follow it," said Mark. "I think it did right at this hour." " Only a shadow-a degree darker than tho rest ; your ovil genius or mino ; an influence about no good -Things that lovo night, Lovo not such nights as theso." " Do, pray, allow mo to go in, or go yourself," said Mark Shadwell, looking much angrier than his words implied. Carmel Sherlock drew back. " Ono meets you every whore, except where you aro wanted. Don't you think you might sometimes look into the books upstairs; tho accounts will bo in a precious mess, if you do nothing but study tho pictur esque and soo ghosts !" and so speaking, with an angry look at Carmel Sherlock-a look changed with violent and unspoken wrath-he entered the house. " See, how angry he is ; ho can't help it. Ho does not see tho cause ; he only feels it-my benefactor !" Carmel Sherlock hesitated at the threshold, and with a shudder entored it and went up alono to his room. - I (TO BE CONTINUED). j 