föjje §o(Mj;unj)toa |$itUcli» AND CBITTIML QoEENer.ANo ADVERTISER. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1870. ANOTHER lecture on "Chemistry," ia an j nounccd for delivery in tho School of Arti to-morrow evening, by Mr. J. Osmond. THE Bank of New Sooth Wnlos will bo closed on Saturday next, for tho usual half-yearly balance of accounts. j Mit. M'CLEI.LAKD, photographic artist, has shown UB ono of the Panoramic Views of tho town taken by him from the north side, which shows tho whole of the river frontage from tho Rocks down to Blind Greek, and conveys a faithful impression of the town as seen by a stranger in coming up tho river. This, we believo, is tho first occasion on which Rock- hampton has been photographed from the north side. Tun electoral race for the Mitchell has terminated in favour of Mr. Hun ly. This re- sult will revive the drooping spirits of the Opposition parly, and proportionately discourage Mr. Palmer and his cavalier Minislors. Tho last dodge, of proroguing Parliament until the 15th November, hos done much towards alien- ating the budding affection towards tito Govern- ment of at least ono northern member, and will no doubt be properly resented when the parliamentary prattle begins. It may bo (hut Mr. Palmer will have to choose between a vote of censure and accepting Mr. M'ilevitt os Attorney-General. A COHRKSPONDEKT of the Otaga Daily Times writing from Uonoluiu, says :-" Amongst the Wonga Wonga passengers was a Mr. Archer, a Queensland ruuholdor, who twenty years ago had traded amongst tho islands of the PaeiQc the Sandwich Islands amongst the number. On arriving at Honolulu lie was made an honorary member of the club, and requested to bring as many of his friends there as the place could hold. Tho club was at the timo full, but the gentlemen that ho selected had their meals there, lodging through the town wherever apartments were to be had. When they offered payment, on starting, not a eittgU penny would be taken, either at the club or at the houses they lodged in." Ma. Lritnv lias applied ta the judges of (he Supremo Court for leave to appeal against tho judgment of tho full oourt, granting the defen- dant a new trial, in tho euit Macdonald c. Tully. Tho application was grimed on con- dition that the plaintiff gave a bond for £500 and costs. Wo uudorstand the request was quite unnecessary, the plaintiff having came ta the conclusion that it is perfectly useless to tale further legal proceedings. It is stated that in justice to himself and bia family, afr. Macdonald considers he would not bc warranted in throwing any more money into the bottomless pit of litigation. This will bc grievous news for the lawyers, who for (he pa9t two or throe years have been fattening on thc plaintiffs misfortune. The question now crises whether the public should not interfere, and petition tho Legislature to grant Mr. Macdonald substantial compensation. Pnyniont in cash is out of the question, but a Hill authorising the frrehold grant to Mr. Macdonald of a portion of his run, would meet the difficulty. Wc believe a petition in Mr. Macdonald's favour would be numerously Bigncd throughout thc northern districts, and hope eomc ono whose impartiality I cuunot be impugned will take initiatory steps towards influencing tho Parliament to perforai this act of common justice. Tua whole of the members returned for the Legislativo Assembly are uow known, and wo Sud that there are sixteen Ministerialists, or members who will give the Government a gene ; ral support, fomtouu avowed Oppositionists, and I two who will continence tho session on the Op i position cross-benches. Thus the Government will have to depend upon the semi-hostile mern bcrj for their mijority in a full Uuuse, which we I fear they will find rather precarious support. I Tho Opposition hare lost two vote,-Clermont ! and tlio liuru'tt-and they have nut gained tho 1 Kennedy, although Mr. M'Dcvitt's leanings are j unuiistakeably to tho popular sida. Now that 1 tho Attorney-General lias been defeated, it is Inot impossible that thc Government will make advances to tho hon. und learned member for thc Kennedy, and ia that case the temptation might bo too strong to bo resisted. PcrhapB Mr. M'Deritt would consider it wisc to declino ofhcc until ho had acquired some standing in tbe House, and eipericnec in its forms. Should he take to tho Opposition Benches the Govern- ment will find themselves confronted by the three heBt lawyers in the colony, which with a House equally divided would be rather an awk- ward predicament. It is pretty clear that the rotes of Mewn*. Fyfe and M'Devitt will decido tho fate of the Government, as without their aid J it will be unable to command a miijority even ol ] one. Without a majority Mr. Palmer will find it impossible to carry on. IMPOBTANT TO SnRABEBB.-At this timo of year, whou so many men will he handling sheep -probably for the first time-it might bc as well to note that animal poisoning is not un- known hereabout as witness, tho unfortunate affair at Weranga twelve montliB or so ago, and now we havo anothor instance of what a mere scratch may lay a roan iiabio to. About two mouths since a tradesman in this town, whilst removing lampas from a horse, chipped ono of the knuckles of his right hund against tho hirse's teeth, ile paid no attention to tho scratch until thc hand and ann ewelled so that medical aid had to be called in. Tho doctor cured tho great blotch that had resulted from thc scratch, but another great blotch broke out farther up tho arm, and when that was cured unother and yet another hero and there all over the arm came like the ghosts in " Macbeth," and up to thc present time (since tho acr-ident) flint man has not earned a shilling, and it is very difficult to say when ho may have tho full use of his right arm again. Now, such a thing as this ought to induce caution in those who have thc handling of sheep for tho first timo (old hands know how to look out), and take caro thut no accidental scratch remains unattended to for a single hour longer than can be prevented. Dalby Herald. 