EUROPEAN NEWS. THE ffiCUMKJ-'IOAI. COVXC1L — liiroKTAST PA PAL HULL. rarrjcTLTJES in tub (si;ez canal. cAnusT iNsrnnncTiox ox Tin: riiKScn nou DElt. CRITICAL BTATK OK IRELAND — ADDITIONAL moors to in: sent. ASSASSINATION ASH SEIZVIIE OK AMIS IN DKB I.IN 11V FENIANS. By the French ship Bayonnnjse, from California, we have further details of Euro pean news to the 1 5th December. We ex tract the following telegraphic news from the Atla California and Evening Bulletin : — Edinburgh, December 10. — The Scotsman publishes n. report, which it declares is en titled to credit, that Lord Clarendon will soon re-open negotiations with the United States for the settlement of the Alabama c'aims. Paris, December 10. — A report from Madrid states that it was confidently be lieved there that President Grant iutends to seize Cuba. The official 'Yellow Book,' just pub lished, gives a favorable account of the con dition of France. It states that her relations with foreign powers, and their relations with one another arc still more amicable since the conference in dispute between Turkey and Greene was held in Paris. The situation of the North German Confederation is not such as to cause France to change her attitude. In Italy, order is gaining ground in spite of revolutionary movements. The book makes an important declaration with regard to the (Ecumenical Council. Tliis body, it says, is beyond the pale of political powers; so the Emperor has resolved to use his right to intervene in its deli berations, and through their representatives all the Catholic Powers approve of this course. The Turko-Egypuun question is reviewed, and the efforts mode to reconcile the Sultan and the Viceroy arc dwelt upon at length. American affairs arc treated as followi : — The advent of General Grant to the Presidency of the United States has made no change in the good relations exist ing between the two nations. France lias assisted the Government to establish peace between Spain and the Pacific Republics, but the sympathy shown by the United States and South America with the Cuban rebellion has unfortunately complicated the settlement of the abcuc question. Conclud ing this subject, the book says : — The French (lovcrnment has no reason to violate the laws of neutrality. The only aim of this Government is to develop peacefully its foreign relations, and guard the interests of France. Paris, December 10. — The Corps Lcgis latif hoi another stormy session to-day. An opposition Deputy demanded the impeach ment of M. Forcodc, Minister of the Interior. Scenes of confusion followed, such as have never before becu witnessed in the Chamber, and the sitting was adjourned amid great excitement. The prosecution of the Rap/icl was caused by a libellous article written hy lliif,ro. It was determined in the conviction of Hugo. He has been sentenced to a fine of 10UD francs with four mouths' imprisonment, aud the publishers of the journal to 1000 francs fine and two mouths' imprisonment. Chicago, December 10. — The TJcrald's spe cial from London telegraphs ironi the con tinent report that at the opening of the session of the Anti-Papal Congress at Naples, yesterday, tliere were present 500 Italian de legates and twenty members from other parts of the world. The inauguration address was delivered by President Iticeiardi. Letters of apology for non-attendance were read from Victor Hugo, Garibaldi, and other dis tinguished persons and leaders of the radi cal reform parly. These communications were received with great enthusiasm, which endured to the close of Die proceedings. Home, December 10- — The Pope delivered an Allocution before the assembled Bishops. He expressed his satisfaction at being able to open the Council on the day which bad been fixed, and at finding the Bishops had come in sucli numbers to aid the Holy See, helped by the Holy Spirit. Faith in human schemes and all impiety were never before as strong as at the present day ; for they were well organised, and hid themselves behind pre tended appearances for liberty. [But there was nothing to fear, because the Church wns stronger even than Heaven.] But time would remedy present evils. The Holy Father concluded irith an invo cation to the Holy Ghost, to the Blessed Virgin, and to the Saints Peter and Paul. London, December II. — The Times con demns the Orange Lodges. They answer no end but to perpetuate the idea of two races, one of the conquerors, and the other of con quered. Statesmen should discountenance them. The Spectator, on American affairs, Bays Grant's programme of peace, retrenchment, reconstructions, and honesty must enhance the position of the United States as a nation. His way of paying debts was the last to be quarrelled with. Rome, December 11. — The CEcumenical Council adjourned till after Epiphany. Much opposition is expected on its re-assembling, but the Pope is said to be sure of the co operation of the American Bishops. Paris, December U.— The French Govern ment has made known to the (Ecumenical Council that the infallibility is an opportune question from a religious view ; politically, it places France otherwise than according to the Concordats, and releases her from obli gations then accepted. Th steamship Brazilian, built expressly for the Suez Canal traffic, has been found to draw too much water. A despatch from Port Said announces that she attempted to make the passage, but was obliged to dis charge half her cargo to get through. The Times has an article on the Alabama Claims. It hopes the American Government will appoint such men as George William Curtis and William M. Evrots to state tlie facts of the law and of the case. It thinks that good results will certainly follow such a selection. Paris, December 11. — Marforis, the Intend ant of cx-Quecn Isftlxjllu, has published an emphatic denial of the story that the Queen ook the Crown diamonds on her retirement * om Madrid. London, December 11. — It is reported that February 8th is fixed upon as the day of assembling Parliament. Madrid, December II. — The Cortes rejec ted the bill of the Regency for indemnifying the exiles under the monarchy. The Cortes voted unanimously for the restoration of Constitttional guarantees. Lisbon, December 11. — Fears were enter tained of the breaking out of a rebellion in various parts of Portugal. The authorities arc active. London, December II. — A report from the Admiralty Office says that for a distance of tliirty-fivc miles the Suez Canal is subject to sand drifts reducing the depths, and to thick fogs bewildering the pilots. London, Decemberl2. — The Observer says President Grant's Message makes a plcasijig impression in financial circles. It is reported that Mr Lowe, Chancellor of the Jvxchequer,;does not find it necessary to raise a loan in open market to provide the means for purchase of the telegraph lines in accordance with the recent act of Parliament. London, December 12. — M. de Lessops denies that the Suez Canal is in want of funds, or requires international protection. He promises that all the unfinished work on the canal will be completed without inter fering with navigation. Paris, December 12. — A Council of Minis ters was held at five o'clock this afternoon in the Tuilerics. It is rumoured that this ex traordinary meeting of the Council has been summoned to consider and decide on an im mediate change in the Cabinet. Private advices received here assert that General Prim contemplates a covp d'etat. He is sure of 80 votes in the Cortes, and will proclaim the Duke of Genoa King, and then present a law of the Cortes making himself Regent during his minority. It is said that he confidently relics on the support of the army, the Generals being in bis favor, and that he will send for the Duke of Genoa to carry out the scheme, On the other hand, a public despatch from Madrid announces that Prim made a speech yesterday in the Cortes, in which he denied any intention to make a coup d'etat. He declared, however, tliat he believed an immense majority in the country were in favor of the Duke of Genoa ; that his mother was willing her son should accept the crown, and in all probability the Duke would soon be proclaimed King. A telegram from Rome states that the Pope has issued a decree providing that in the case of his death the CEcumenical Coun cil shall be dissolved, and none' but Car dinals take part in the election of his suc cessor. London, December 13. — The trial of Rev. Gwincy and others commenced at the Guild Hall. Kenncally opened for the prosecution. Chief Justice Cockburn presided. News from Pckin sayB the treaty between Great Britain and China, negotiated by Bur linghame, has been ratified by the Chinese Government. Vienna, 13th December. — The Emperor Francis Joseph opened the Reichrath to-day with n jmnnnh. He fnvornd ft cnnniliafnrir course in dealing with the Dalmatian insur rection ; dwelt upon the peaceful appearence of European affairs with satisfaction j de clared the Austrian Empire in excellent rela tions with foreign powers, even ou a point which had momentarily caused some trouble; referring to internal affairs, he announced that important concessions would be mode to different nationalities ; a modification of. the Constitution would be necessary, but must be made in accordance with its spirit. lie closet by promising that the Autonomy of the pro vinces would be respected as long as was com patible with the maintenance of the unity and power of the Empire. Paris, December JS. — Despatches from Lisbon report much political limitation in Portugal. A military movement has been commenced by Duke Saldahua, which is assuming large and threatening proportions. The break between llie King and Duke is lnily widening. The resignation of Die President of the Ministry is momentarily expect eil, nnd as soon ns it takes pluce the King will appoint another, and will resist the influence of the Duke of Saldahua. Disorders are reported at Oporto. London, December l.'llh. — The remains of George Peabody were received aboird the ironclad Monarch on Saturday. The .cere mony was attended with many demonstra tions of respecl. Several distinguished per sons nccompnm'ixl the remains to the place of embarkation, where they were received by the city authorities of Portsmouth and the officers and marines of the Monarch and the United Status steamer Plymouth. The ships in the harbour displayed flags at halt-mast and dipped ensigns as the Monarch si dined out, and minute guns were fired. Minuter Motely addressed Captain Commerell, com mander of the Monarch, referring to the great honour paid Mr Pcabody by the heads of the two groat nations in sending two war vessels as a special escort to his remains to his native country. On the part of the rela tives of the deceased he confided the remains to the Captain's keeping. Captain Comme rell replied, accepting the sacred trust, and assuring him the remains should be cared for with the most zealous interest. Rome, December 13. — The (Ecumenical Council meets to-morrow simply for the pur pose of attending to the details of organiza tion. Committees on Faith, Descipline, Orders, and Eastern Affairs will be formed. These committees comprise eighty-six mem bers. The official list of persons entitled to attend the Council is published, and contains the names of fifty-five Cardinals, eleveu Pa triarchs, nine hundred and twenty-seven Archbishops, Bishops, and Abbots, twenty two mitred Abbots, and twenty-nine Gene rals of religious orders. New York, December ISth. — A London special says George Peabody's will has not yet passed to probate at the Doctor's Com mons. Peabody's property in England is set down at under £400,000. He bequeaths £5000 to each of his executors, £150,000 to his London charity, payable in three years as directed ; a few legacies of minor amounts to individuals, and the remainder to be di vided as provided among his relatives in America. The trustees arc George Pcabody llussell «nd two others nephews, who arc made rcsiudary legatees, empowered toascttlc all affairs connected with the property in America, which is estimated at from three quarters to one million dollars. London, December 14th. — The steamer Monarch, having the remains of George Pea body, has not yet put to sea, owing to a heavy gale. Much alarm is created by the sudden breaking out of Die rinderpest in the great Cattle Show in this city. London, December 13. — Her Majesty's Ministers held three Cabinet meetings during the week, to consider the present critical con dition of public affairs in Irelmid, with the state of the island generally. It was resolved to proclaim the County Tipperary, province of Munster, and county and city'of London derry, in Ulster, a-s bring in a state of insur rection, as described in a late Act of Parlia ment providing therefore, and so empowering them to net ; that five thousand additional troops be immediately dispatched to Ireland, raising the total force of the regular army to about tlu'rtv thousand men. This is to meet the emergency at present. On the as sembling of Parliament on the I Oth of Janu ary, a bill will be immediately introduced to empower the Government to suspend the habeas cor/nut in Ireland by executive order, not waiting for nn act of the Legislature, when deemed necessary for public safety to do so. The HrruWs special from Naples says that the Council of Deists, or Anti-Papal Radical Assemblage, which met there on the 9th, turned out a dead failure. A proposition to favour auother French occupation of Home, aud endorsing to some extent the last, met with serious opposition in the Assemblage. Dublin, December 14. — A gun shop in this city was entered last night by unknown par tics, and the owner shot. The assassins es caped. Another gun shop was entered shortly after, and the owner fired at. A number of pistols were taken away. Madrid, December H.— The Carlists are very active on the French and Portuguese frontier*. Paris, December 14. — Paul Angels, Deputy in the Spanish Cortes, a fugitive from Spain, has becu ordered to leave France. Eugenie has written a letter to the Pope, expressing regret at not being able to visit his Holiness. Rome, December 14. — The Bishops have brought a number of addresses by priests to the Pope, from the faithful in all parts of the world. 