thedogmaofinfAllibility. t | 1 < . i 1 ' . . (From the Timet. Dee. 16.) In tie Homily delivered by the Pope at the opening of , the (Ecumenical Council, as conveyed to the world iu a telegraphic summary, his Holiness was reported to have said that ' the Church was stronger than Heaven itself.' We awaited an ex- planation of this apparently unintelligible expression, and we find it in plain words in the text of the Allocution itself, which has reached us by post. The Holy Father did really say that the Church was stronger than Heaven itself ; but he grounded his saying, first, on the autho rity of St. John Chrysostbm, then on that verse of Holy Writ, ' Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words Bhall not pass away.' He somewhat quibbled between Heaven as implying the Maker of all things and Heaven as part of the things made, and simply meant that the Church was stronger than the physical world — a superiority which, in a general sense, may be claimed by all mind over all matter. What was originally the Bishop of Rome grew into a Bishop of. Bishops, and into a Yicar of Christ; but, in his own estimation, and in that of his most zealous worshippers, the Pope is more than that. He himself wishes to be held tho sole depositary of the words of oterieil tr.ith,' and the Ultra montane papoua? dovoted to him blas phemously described him as ' the Son of God,' audinp: that when the Pope thinks, it is God v/ho thinks in him.' And, further — ' The Church of God,' they say, 4 is made in tli aensbiance of the Holy Trinity. A:j the. Father begot the Son, and from FatW-rsnd. Son proceeds the Holy G Host, go the Pope begets the . Bishops, find lion; 'lie Pope and the Bishops proceeds the Holy Ghost.' We beg to assure the vsp.dcr that it is not without the. a-. n-pugnanse we make room in out columns for these profanities. But we do not know how otherwise to show to what extent the infatuation of of Pius IX. has emboldened his Jesuitical supporters The Pope looks upon human society as it exists as the work of the 4 Old Enemy.' Ho speaks of a widely- spread wicked conspiracy of the impious, strong in union, powerful in wealth, and protected by institutions against which the Church is to put forth her strength, taking her stand on that rock against which 4 the gates of Hell shall not pre vail.' . The Church is summoned to do battle ; she must seek her efficiency in strict discipline ; Catholic Christendom is to have only one mind and will, one in fallible head. In order to enable herself to go forth .and bend the world to her views, the Church must organise herself on the principle of the narrowest des potism. This is, perhaps, the first in stance in which the representatives of any community have been brought together, not for the purpose of defining or establishing, but of renouncing their liberties — in which the StateB-General are deliberating on what terms they may contrive to give them selves up g.niost unconditionally, bound hands and feet, into the power of their monarch. But it is not without an object that the members of the Council are thus bidden to surrender at discretion. It is not without some prospect of compensa tion that such a proof of self-denial is demanded of them. Let them acknow ledge the Pope's Infallibility, and they will in some measure be partakers of it. The apotheosis of the Head will throw divine light over the whole body. Let the Bishops full down and worship the Popo, and lie will deliver as slaves into their hands all the dioceses of the earth. Strange to say, even with tempting bait, some of the Prelates now assembled at the Vatican aro n t to be caught. Ttoy oppose the promulgation of the Dogma, although, while it makes the Pope into the ' Master,' it would confer upon them tho attributes of the "Twelve." There are men of little faith amoBg them — men of the world, convinced that Infallibility will not go down with it on any | terms. Their impression is that Rome is not of this age; and one of them, ab American, thinks that 4 no Pope, after el'ction, should be allowed to occupy the Holy see without a three years' previous residence in tho United States, where he should divest himself of his obsolete Italian notions, and go through an apprenticeship of the tfants and tenden cies jot the living generation.' Upon whaterever inspiration, the Pope may be aid to set, its inflnenco does not equally flectj li» whole hierarchy. 